MISTRESS

Don’t tell my secret series


Mark Stewart


Copyright © 2022: Mistress: author Mark Stewart. All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced in any form without written permission from the author. This story is fictitious and a product of the author’s imagination. Resemblance to any actual person living or dead is purely coincidental.

ISBN: 9781005318888

Smashwords edition license notes.
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Edited: Rosemary Cantala

Cover design: VonnaArt www.SelfPubBookCovers.com

Email mark_stewart777@hotmail.com

More novels by Mark Stewart:

The Kendal chronicles (crime)
Fire games
Heart of a spider
I know your secret

Romance
Kiss on the bridge (series)
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three

The perfect gift

Blood red rose (Vampire romance adventure)
Blood red rose two
Blood red rose three

Legendary Blue Diamond 
Legendary Blue Diamond two
Legendary Blue Diamond three

Planet X91 the beginning
Planet X91 the new home
Planet X91 the underwater cave
Planet X91 the storm.
Planet X91 the drought
Planet X91 the fire
Planet X91 the plague
Planet X91 the doorway to time
Planet X91 the new earth
PlanetX91 alien amongst us
PlanetX91 the derelict
PlanetX91 wayward asteroid


In this series

Don’t Tell My Secret
201 May Street
The Girl from Emerald Hill
Ladies’ Club
Mistress
Book of secrets



PROLOG


Melbourne summer 2022.


“I’M DYING!”
The voice of the lady caller sounded deadly serious. This wasn’t a joke. No kid’s prank or laughing matter.
“I’m Mia Buxton. Who might you be?”
“Everyone knows who you are,” said the female caller.
“Can you at least tell me your name?”
“Mel.”
“I will call an ambulance. Mel, can you tell me where you are?”
“There’s no time. I must tell my secret. My many secrets before it is too late.”
Mrs. Mia Buxton, famous author, paced the floor of the formal lounge of her home, an hour’s drive from the Melbourne CBD with her mobile phone pushed hard against her left ear. She glanced out of the floor to ceiling window at the sunset. For the first time since marrying James a few years back, she didn’t take in the splendor of the sunset over Port Phillip Bay.
“Mrs. Buxton, may I call you Mia?”
“Of course, yes. Mel, where are you? Why do you think you are dying?”
“I don’t think, I know, I am dying.”
“Please, allow me to help you.”
“It’s too late for any help.”
“It is never too late,” said Mia, calmy, carefully, gently, in a tone of voice that hummed in the air.
“It is for me. I made sure of the fact before I called you.”
“You sound precise. Have you planned the idea?”
“Yes. I have planned my death to the last second. I want to be in charge when the time came for my passing.”
“Why?”
“I will explain everything about the ‘Why, in due time.’ Mia, I will have it known, you can take the girl out of the old Jindabyne town, but you can’t take the old Jindabyne town out of the girl. That’s where I am.”
“I’m not following this conversation!”
Mel coughed a few times. “It isn’t hard to understand what I am trying to convey.”
Mia heard Mel drink something.
“I drank some whiskey. Half a bottle.”
Mia Buxton sighed into the phone. “I want to help you.”
“And you will,” answered Mel. “Do you know the history of the town of Jindabyne?”
“All I know is that the town is located in New South Wales.”
“At the moment, that is close enough.”
“Please, continue.” Mia, again, talked in a caring tone of voice. She felt a sense of hopelessness that this young sounding woman might be contemplating suicide. Mia felt obliged to extract as much information as she could for the police and the emergency services.
Mia sprinted upstairs to the office. The long desk where she sat next to James as they worked on novels dictated to them by ghosts were always ready to be used. She pushed the button on the tape recorder, activated the loud speaker in the phone and sat staring at the mobile phone.
James sprinted into the office. He saw Mia writing on a piece of paper what she knew about Mel and her where-a-bouts. Then she wrote in capital letters;
‘CALL THE POLICE.’
James sprinted out of the office, tapping the numbers on his mobile phone. Mia could hear his muffled voice talking desperately to the police about the mystery caller.
“Mel, please, tell me your full name?”
“Melany Kilpatrick.”
Mia looked at her husband, James Buxton the moment he re-entered the office. Mia scrunched her nose.
“Why did you call me?” asked Mia.
“I have already mentioned you and your husband, James, are famous authors. Listening to ghosts telling their secret, must be a thrill?”
“It has its moments.”
“I’m not a ghost,” insisted Mel.
“I know. A ghost doesn’t use the phone to call me.”
Mel’s giggles sounded a little slurred. “If my talking sounds a little ‘off,’ there is a good reason for it. As you know, I have finished half a bottle of whiskey. It helps to dull the pain.”
“How much pain are you in?”
“Plenty, but not for much longer.”
“I want to help.”
“You are helping.”
“I’m listening to you on the phone. I want to send help.”
“Forget it.”
“I insist,” said Mia.
“I have already stated there is no time. By the time anyone arrives here I will have gone home to heaven. Before you complain again, I have instructed a courier to deliver to you a manuscript of my life.”
“Why didn’t you bring the manuscript to our home?”
“The cops will be waiting to arrest me.”
“Was your life that bad?”
“I am convinced it wasn’t. Anyone who reads about my life might think differently. You can decide which way to think after you have read what I needed to endure my entire life.”
“We should meet,” suggested Mia.
“Not possible.”
“I can drive to where ever you are.”
“The drive is more than six hours from Melbourne. I am at the reservoir of the old Jindabyne site.”
“In New South Wales?”
“Correct,” said Mel. “I must insist you forget about calling the police. By the time they arrive I will be gone.”
“Please, don’t do what you are planning. I will call for help.”
“Forget it. I have already mentioned I’m dying. The end of the exhaust pipe from my car is piped into the trunk and the rear seat is down. I am about to swallow the container of exactly one hundred sleeping pills, just to make sure if someone does find me, I will be stone cold. A cocktail of pills, a full bottle of whiskey and carbon monoxide from the car’s exhaust will do the trick nicely. If you think the pollution gizmos connected to the engine will clean the exhaust, I will say, this very old car has no pollution equipment.”
“Mel, why are you doing this? Don’t take the easy way out,” said Mia.
“You have me all wrong. Mia, I have had a great life. I have no regrets. I chose the road I travelled along. At least I met a man whom I loved with all my heart until he not only broke it in two, he shattered it.
Mia, I am looking at a full rainbow. It looks beautiful. The colors are quite distinct. The rain is splattering the surface of the water in the reservoir. This is where I have chosen to die. I want to believe I am looking at the exact spot where I used to live. Somewhere at the bottom of the reservoir I used to walk. Where I played. Where I sat in the sun talking to my friends and where I went to school. Thinking back, the old school building can’t compare with today’s standards, but I loved the wooden structure. I had fun for the first several years of my education. After leaving school at fifteen, I educated myself with life. I enjoyed every minute. In this world a woman can get anything she wants if she believes the price is to her liking. I chose to live by that method. Many women don’t. Above all else, one must act confident. Sound sophisticated. Of course, if you have what a man wants, it is easier to obtain. Fortunately, I had what they wanted.”
“What did you have?” asked Mia.
“The looks.” Mel sighed into the phone. “Yep, I’d being blessed to have a womanly shape at such a young age. Got paid plenty for the privilege by desperate young teen lads.”
“You don’t have to do what you are contemplating,” said Mia.
“I do. You don’t understand, but you will. Please, do me one last favor, don’t call the police. I want to die my way. I have gone through life making my own choices. As I walked across the old Jindabyne bridge for the last time, I decided no one will ever force me to do anything I don’t want to do again. I chose my destiny and the way I got there. Mia Buxton, this is the way I want to leave this world.”
In the long pause, Mia heard Mel drink more of the whisky bottle.
“Getting back on to the subject of why I called you, the parcel should be arriving in less than a minute.”
“So, precise,” said Mia.
“I paid a lot of money to the private courier to arrive at your address and hand the parcel to you at exactly the time I stated.”
“How did you know I’d be home?”
“I have done my homework. You are always home at this time, watching the sunset with James, your husband. You two make a great pair.”
“It is 5:44pm,” said Mia.
“Good. At 5:45pm there will be a knock on the front door to your home. When you open the parcel, you will find my manuscript. There will be a key to my front door and the address of my home. Also, there is a magnetic activator key. Push the metal end which is the small round magnet against the other on the side wall in my closet and watch what happens. You will be amazed. The gold bars are for you and James. The diamonds can be returned to their original owners. Each one is labelled with the name of the person. Not all are intact.”
Mia heard the front door chime sound several times.
“The courier is right on time, excellent,” said Mel. “By the time you have finished reading about my life, I will have begun my next adventure. I have heard people say heaven is a nice place. I’m counting on this to be factual.”
Mia heard a few groans. Mel swallowed the remainder of the whiskey bottle and started the car’s engine.
“If you want to know what I just did, I swallowed the last handful of pills. The fumes from the car’s exhaust pipe will put me to sleep. It is ironic, a person like me can’t even pick up a gun and shoot myself.”
“Please, you have too much to live for,” said Mia.
“That is where you are wrong. I don’t. I have nothing. You enter this world with nothing and you leave with nothing. Everything you work for stays here on the Earth.”
“Mel, we need to meet.”
“I have about a minute of life remaining. The sun is out. The rain has stopped. Where I am has always been a nice quiet, peaceful place. I did love the old Jindabyne town and the simple wooden two room cottages the occupiers called a home. They shouldn’t have moved the town. Mia, have a good life. I’m getting tired. This is it. I go now, believing I did have a good life.”
“Please, stay awake. I will call an ambulance.”
Mel giggled. “Too late. Enjoy reading the manuscript. I nearly forgot to say, you can add anything you believe might help to sell a few books. Goodbye Mrs. Mia Buxton.”



CHAPTER ONE



“THE NAME and date on my birth certificate stated I am:

Melany Rose Kilpatrick
born on the 1st of August 1960.
This is my yarn.”

“MY STORY begins the day my mother gave birth to me. Even if I wanted to, I can’t visit the house where I had been born. The government of NSW decided to rebuild the town of Jindabyne back in the 1960’s. The original town is at the bottom of a reservoir.
Where I played, talked to my friends, where I walked the dirty dusty road to school, the small school room where I sat listening to the teacher trying her best to teach us so we could have a great career and earn lots of money, is gone.”

‘WELCOME TO THE NEW JINDABYNE.’

At nine years old, Mellie looked away from the large sign and over her shoulder at the narrow wooden bridge that crossed the river to the other side. The narrow dusty road went parallel to the wooden structured school.
Her school.
Each morning and evening Mellie walked across the bridge. She had nice memories of her home. In the front yard a large gumtree grew. Each day after school she climbed the tree and sat on the roof of her house watching for her father to arrive home from the factory where he worked. Not long after she welcomed him home, she would again sit on the roof of the house watching the sunset.
With her mother’s hand firmly holding her daughter’s hand, they finished walking across the bridge that spanned the river for the last time.
Mellie looked ahead at her father. His back appeared straight. His legs were strong. She felt proud of her father. He was in charge of the household. His job as a parent, he explained to Mellie.
The man’s six-foot frame led the charge towards their new home. Mellie watched a few neighbors stop at their new house. Most of the people were smiling. They were hugging each other at the idea of a brand-new home.
Standing in the front yard of a property with a small wooden house, Mellie noted the absence of a garden. No flowers. No grass. No fences to stop their new neighbors who she had yet to meet, from walking onto their land. Instead of embracing the idea of a new house, she felt sad.
Somewhere close by, Mellie heard a kid crying. On the other side of the dirt road Mellie saw her best friend standing next to the family car. The engine idled noisily. Every once in a while, the engine backfired, billowing blue smoke out of the car’s exhaust. Just for a moment, Mellie and Daisy locked gazes. Mellie saw Daisy tug on her mother’s arm and pointed at Mellie. Daisy received a clip behind her ear for being too slow in getting into the car. Her father pushed her on to the rear seat and slammed the car door shut.
That final day at the old school, Daisy informed Mellie her father successfully snagged a job in Melbourne. Sitting with their back against the stump of a tree that fell down in the last storm, Mellie heard her best friend start to cry. Mellie also sniffed back a tear. She swallowed the lump in her throat and sighed then quoted what her father said about the new town of Jindabyne.
“Everything will work out fine.”
As Mellie looked at Daisy’s red rimmed blue eyes, deep down she knew she would never see Daisy again.
Out the rear of the car window, Daisy waved at Mellie. Both kids were sobbing, though Mellie hid what she knew to be certain. Mellie waved back and displayed a fake smile.
The old car headed down the road, leaving a blanket of dust in its wake.
“Come on you two, lets get inside and have a look at our new house.”
The deep voice of Mellie’s father, made her look away from the car. She wiped her eyes with her sleeve and saw her father open the front door of their new house. Reluctantly, Mellie followed her mother into the small weatherboard house.
For a long time, the family of three stood in the kitchen looking at the new electrical appliances on the bench and the stove.
“Lovely house, dear,” said Mellie’s mum.
“It is okay,” said Mellie.
“Go, take a look at your room,” suggested Mellie’s father.
Mellie entered a small room with a single bed. She slid down the wall and sat on the wooden floor sobbing. She didn’t let on her insides were aching. All she wanted to do was see Daisy who lived next door to her old house one more time.

# # # # # #

From the doorway of Mellie’s bedroom, her mother stood watching her sobbing.
“Mellie, we all must make changes to our lifestyle. The easiest way is to forget about the old town. Look forward to what lies ahead. Starting a new school with everyone else will help to make the transition much easier.”
“How?”
“All the children in the school will be in the same boat. It will be their first day too. Here is your suitcase. By the time you unpack and hang up all your clothes, the dinner will be almost ready.”
Mellie slowly unpacked her clothes. She made the bed and on a narrow side table set up her hair brush, her radio and the wind-up alarm clock. She then sat on her bed looking out of the window at the street. A few families had decided to go for a walk. Some were talking while standing in the middle of the road. Mellie saw the sun setting. The large red ball in the sky looked nice. In a few short years the sun would be setting on the surface of the reservoir.
At 6:00pm, Mellie sat next to her father at the kitchen table eating their first meal in their new house. The meal consisting of lamb chops, peas and mashed potato tasted worse than eating cardboard. Mellie put the taste down to her mother had yet to get familiar with the operation of the new electrical stove.
‘Room for improvement,’ Mellie thought.
After helping with the cleaning up, Mellie and her parents sat in the loungeroom. Her mother resumed her knitting. A jumper for the eighty-year-old Mrs. Singred Larson, who used to live five doors from their old home. Mellie smirked a little. The few times she bumped into the old spinster down at the local grocery store, the same woman who owned too many cats, always reeked of mothballs and soy flavored camphor. The old woman now lived a ten-minute walk further along the dusty road.
Mellie dropped the book she had been reading on her lap. She borrowed the book from the old library at her school the previous week. It was a biography about an author named Mark Stewart. He came across as a try hard. He wasn’t particularly famous, but Mel felt intrigued at the idea he lived in a beachside suburb of Melbourne. She decided one day in the future she must visit the beach. Already she could picture the scene. The seagulls flying overhead. The white sand and the shells that the sea washed up on the shore. The smell of the salt and the sea wind brushing her long hair.
Mellie sighed and looked across the room at her father reading the newspaper. She felt amazed how he could fold and refold the paper into the size of a book and still read every word.
By 9:00pm Mellie kissed her parents’ goodnight and walked into her bedroom. For a short time, she lay between the sheets listening to the sounds of the crickets and the wind rattling the glass window. Shortly after 10:00pm, Mellie closed her eyes and fell asleep.

# # # # # #

Mellie woke in a sweat. Looking at her clock she noted the time.
‘11:37pm.’
In the dark, with the only light coming from the full moon, Mellie stared at the ceiling. She watched a small spider, the size of her small fingernail walking across the plaster.
Somewhere at the other end of the hallway, near the kitchen, the wooden floor creaked. Mellie sat up in bed. Her eyes were wide.
Another floorboard creaked. This time the noise sounded closer, possibly outside the bathroom door.
Mellie swung her legs over the side of the bed. She sat on the edge of the bed listening.
The floorboard creaked again.
This time outside her closed bedroom door.
Mellie watched the doorknob. Will it move? What could she do if it did? Mellie swiped her wind-up clock from the side table. She stepped over to the window and prepared to throw the clock at the intruder. At the moment of release, she’d scream and hear her father running down the hallway. He just happened to be a good fighter. Over the years he told her a few stories of when, as a teenager, he learnt how to box. He looked proud sitting in his chair and saying he won several fights in the few years he trained.
The creaking sound of the floorboards retreated beyond the bathroom. Mellie relaxed for a few minutes. When she again heard the noise, she tensed.
When the noise retreated back to the bathroom for the third time, Mellie yanked her bedroom door open and bravely looked down the hallway.
“Nothing. I see nothing,” Mellie whispered.
At breakfast the next day, being Sunday, Mellie again sat at the kitchen table.
“Father, did you hear a creaking noise last night?”
“I did. I also heard you yank open your bedroom door.”
“The noise scared me. I thought a thief broke into the house and was walking up and back down the hallway.”
“We are one small happy town. There is no danger here.”
“In that case, what made the noise?”
“The house is new. The wooden floorboards have yet to settle. It won’t take too long for the noise to cease.”
“I hope so,” said Mellie, pouting.
“If we don’t hurry, we will be late for church,” said Mellie’s father. He stood and walked out of the room. Mellie could hear him humming a hymn they sang frequently at the old church.
Mellie placed her cereal bowl in the sink. “Mother, I miss the old wooden church.”
“Forget about that old place. It was rundown and falling apart. The new church will be nice. The outside walls have been painted a pale green color. I can’t wait to smell the new paint. I have been told the one we will be attending has carpet on the floor.”
“I hope Mrs. Larson didn’t tell you that fact. My friends at my old school told me she makes up stories and she can’t tell the truth about anything.”
“Mellie, it is time to get ready,” scolded Mellie’s mother.
Inside an hour Mellie and her parents were walking along the side of the dirt road towards the church. In the distance Mellie saw at least thirty people queuing up at the main entrance to the church, waiting to get inside. The reason for the queue was easily explained. The priest stood on the top step shaking the hand of each person. When it came to Mellie’s turn the priest smiled, shook her hand and palmed his hand at the interior of the small wooden building. He followed Mellie’s family into the church and shut the door.
Mellie sat in the third pew from the front listening to the short sermon. Mellie felt uncomfortable from the humidity in the small room size wooden building. The priest made mention volunteers were needed to help begin the garden around the pale green painted building. Mellie scrunched her nose at the thought of pushing a spade into the hardened clay. Just like in the last town, her father would volunteer his services. The pick and shovel he always used looked old. Mellie pondered, how long it might take before the tools fell apart from too much use. Mellie giggled, looking sideways at her father. He smiled at her then shifted his attention back to the priest.
Mellie only listened to a few of his words. Something about helping thy neighbor in times of need.
After arriving home, Mellie changed into her everyday clothes. She wanted to go explore the area, but her mother had other plans.
‘Help with setting up of the house.’
Mellie’s father chopped wood and started the open fire. Mellie helped her mother cook and clean. After dinner that night the group of three sat in front of the radio listening to the play and enjoying the heat from the open fire.
The school opened for classes on the next Tuesday. Mellie walked to school like all the other kids. She caught up to Gemma, the last one of her best friends. They chatted about how much they didn’t like the new Jindabyne town and the spinster lady, Mrs. Singred Larson. Gemma made up a few crude jokes about her. Mellie laughed and giggled then tried to outdo the harsh words Gemma spoke.
Fifty high spirited boys and several girls started at the new school. By the end of the week, Mellie hated the school and the constant disruption from the new boys. She also decided she hated the town. The people weren’t as friendly as they once were.

# # # # # #

In the new town of Jindabyne
February1974

Over the next five years the humdrum of every-day life became boring and monotonous. Nothing unusual or different ever happened. Mellie’s father went to work. Her mother cooked, cleaned the house and went shopping. Mellie attended school. She sat in class in her same seat on the back row closest to the door. She didn’t like anyone sitting behind her. Reason being; she wanted to observe every kid in the class. She wanted to watch what they did. The teacher didn’t know all the boys’ played pranks on each other by throwing paper balls across the room. Mellie guessed it might have been the idea of being caught heightened the thrill of the act. The girls were kept away from the boys and were always allowed to go home five minutes before the boys.
Every lunch time Mellie could talk to Gemma. They’d laugh and talk, but Mellie always walked home alone. Every night without fail, Gemma’s father picked her up in the car.
The day of Mellie’s 14th birthday, her quiet humdrum world turned upside down overnight.
The sixteen-year-old boys never missed a morning. They’d loiter at the school gate, waiting for the girls just so they could have a perv. They’d heckle the fifteen-year-old girls. The boy who made the greatest number of girls cry would be crowned king for the day.
The boys left Mellie alone. She was too young, they’d say, but Mellie knew her turn will soon come. She lay awake most nights staring at the ceiling and planning for the day the boys heckled her. Instead of dreading the day, she looked forward to it. She decided to be brave. To face the boys head on. To sound and act confident no matter what.
Each morning Mellie watched her girlish figure being transformed into a young lady. When the boys pounced, she knew exactly what to do.
Mellie seemed to develop overnight. The day had arrived. She walked to school with her head held high, ready to implement her plan. The one she added final touches to just a few days ago.
At still a fair distance from the school gate, Mellie heard the boys laughing. She saw them grab several girls by their jumper. They appeared to celebrate the sobbing noise of the girls.
In the lull of the arrivals, Mellie saw the boys pointing at her. The boys crowded the path on each side of the gate in anticipation of her arrival.
Mellie held her head up high as she started walking past the mob.
One sixteen-year-old boy, taller than Mellie, bailed her up by stepping into her path. He pushed her shoulders as she went to walk around him.
“To enter the school, you have to show me.”
“Show you what?” Mellie jeered. She knew what he wanted to see. Her question was all part of her plan. Act nervous. Act like the lad hovering over her made her feel like peeing. Act as though she had no idea what he wanted.
In fact, Mellie acted out the scene to perfection. She watched the last of the girls in her class step around her and run towards the school building. Not one of them looked back or tried to help her escape the two rows of boys.
Mellie felt a shove in the shoulder blade.
“Show us, or we will punch you,” said another tall lad.
The group of seven boys, all older than Mellie, crowded around blocking her escape. While twelve others blocked any view from a teacher.
“The school bell is about to sound. Let me go or we will all be late,” said Mellie.
“Getting the strap will be worth it. Show us what’s under your jumper.”
“Not here. In front of every one,” said Mellie.
The lad grabbed hold of Mellie’s arm and dragged her towards the other side of the dirt covered oval.
Out of earshot and view of the main school building, the lad pushed Mellie’s back against the tall gumtree with a girth of at least three feet.
“We are standing in the trench. No one will see us. Show me,” ordered the lad.
“Show you what?”
“Don’t play dumb. Show me.”
“I don’t mean to insult your intelligence, but I have no idea what you are talking about,” Mellie said casually. She faked a grin, looking directly at the boy’s brown eyes.
“You are acting very calm. I like that in a girl. I’m a man, you are a woman. The other girls in your class are kids. You look like a twenty-year-old lady.”
“How old are you?”
“I’m sixteen. Lift your jumper.”
“What do I get out of the act?”
“If you don’t show me, I’m going to bash you.” The lad thumped his fist into the palm of his left hand.
“Hitting a girl! I reckon the principal won’t take too kindly of the yarn.”
“I will deny everything.”
“You won’t be able to when I show off the bruises you gave me.”
The teenager grabbed Mellie by the shoulders and shook her. In a fit of rage, he threw her to the ground. He reached for the bottom edge of her jumper and shirt.
“Okay. You win. I will lift up my shirt if you hand me 50 cents and allow me to stand.”
The lad shoved his fist under Mellie’s nose. “No way. I am not paying a cent.”
“Then hit me. I am positive the local constable won’t be too pleased when I tell him what you did. I reckon he will be knocking on the front door of your house before dinner. I am wondering what your father will say when he hears the news his son hit a girl?”
The lad pulled Mellie to a standing position. She didn’t flinch at feeling the pain of the tree trunk biting into her shoulder blade. The lad spat at her face.
Mellie wiped the spit off her cheek with the sleeve of her jumper. She brushed the bark off her shoulders. She stood military style. Her shoulders were square. With her arms by her sides, she coiled her fingers into tight white knuckled fists. Unblinking, Mellie held the lad’s stare. “The money or the local cop? The decision is yours.”
“You’d risk a broken rib?”
“Yep. Seeing you in jail will be my reward. You might even be expelled from school. I can imagine the scene. I will be standing at the school fence watching the constable escorting you in handcuffs towards the police car. You will look at me. You might mouth a few horrible words. Call me a few ugly names. I will smirk as I wave at you. When the police car’s motor starts you will see me turn away and walk back to my class with my head help high.”
Mellie watched the lad pace back and forth in front of her. He glared at her a few times. Mellie smirked every time he looked away.
“Make a decision. The longer you take to decide, the later you will be to class. In case you missed it, the bell, it has sounded.”
“You will be late too.”
“I won’t get into trouble. I’m a girl. I will tell the teacher you detained me. You will get the strap. I will be told to sit down. Either let me go, hit me, or hand over the money. Make a decision. If you are a man, they make decisions. If you can’t decide then I will know you are just a kid. I will personally tell all your friends you are nothing more than a weak coward. So, what will it be, money or the cop?”
The lad pulled out of his pocket 50 cents. “Show me and make it fast. I don’t want to hear any more words. If I do, I know you are stalling and I will tell everyone you are such a cry baby.”
“Fifty cents will get you a one-sided peep show. For a dollar you will see the full peep show.”
“What’s your name?”
“Mellie.”
“What’s yours?”
“Tim.”
The lad named Tim handed over another fifty cents. He smirked at the business transaction that lasted no longer than twenty seconds.
“Thanks for the peep show. I got to go. My teacher is strict on punctuality.”
Mellie sat on the ground at the base of the gumtree holding her dollar in coins. She watched Tim march away. He didn’t even have the courage to turn around and wave. Mellie watched Tim until she couldn’t see him anymore.
Mellie decided she didn’t want to get into trouble for being late. She sat on the ground contemplating the remainder of her plan.
By mid-morning, Mellie saw a mob of boys swarm out of the school building like ants and make a beeline straight for her.
Tim had spread the word.
“It seemed every boy in school who had money to spend at the canteen easily decided to spend their lunch money on a peep show.
At hearing the bell to end the day, Mellie was the first student to walk off the school property. She sprinted away from the school and arrived home in record time.
“You are home early,” said Mellie’s mother. “Happy birthday, do you like the balloons. The dinner will be at the usual time. Your father is bringing home your present from the shop.”
“The balloons are very nice. I look forward to seeing my present.”
“Good. Go and change your clothes. It is good to see your school unform isn’t too dirty. Wear the same shirt tomorrow.”
Mellie marched into her bedroom and shut the door. She pulled out of her skirt pocket a bundle of one-dollar notes. She dropped the loot on her bed. For a time, she hovered over the piles, thinking about what she accomplished to earn so much money. After opening the bedroom door a few inches and hearing her mother hard at work in the kitchen, Mellie sat on the bed.
Silently Mellie counted the money then stacked the forty-eight one dollar notes neatly in one pile. Mellie pursed her lips trying to think of an appropriate hiding place where no one might accidently discover her stash. Earning the money with little effort happened to be one thing, hiding the money in a safe place could be a lot harder. If anyone found her money, explaining how she earned the cash might be a little embarrassing. Already she could feel the strap her father clipped around his waist to keep his pants up. She loved her parents. Being strapped only the once was more than enough.
Mellie walked over to the desk near the window and pulled out one drawer at a time. She shook her head and looked under the desk. She thought inwardly;
‘Sticking the money to the underside of the desk could be a distinct possibility. Under the bed in a tin, or amongst her clothes in the closet, might also be a good idea.’
Mellie sat on her bed staring at her mirror. She moaned a little. “Earning the money happened to be the easy part.”
“Mellie, dinner is almost ready.”
“Coming, mother.”
Mellie saw her Bible. The tattered old black leather cover looked worse for wear. Mellie opened it to the middle pages and placed the pile of money inside and closed the Bible tight. She placed it in the closet under a folded jumper.
“Perfect for now,” she whispered. “I must find a more secure location for more of my hard-earned money.” Mellie giggled and walked out of her room.
Hearing her father enter the house, Mellie walked towards him, an expected look in her eyes.
“Happy 14th birthday, Mellie,” he said.
Mellie opened her present. To her surprise and dismay her parents had bought her roller skates and a large stuffed rabbit that appeared to be two feet tall. Large floppy ears were sown on either side of its head. The white fluffy ball for its tail looked a little off centre.
“The rabbit is a keep sake,” explained Mellie’s father.
“Thank you. The rabbit is great.”
Mellie walked back into her room carrying the rabbit and the roller skates. After putting on the skates and trying her best to roll around the room, she flopped on to her bed. Behind closed doors she unstitched the left leg of the rabbit retrieved her money from the bible and placed the rolled-up notes inside the leg of the rabbit.
She proudly displayed the rabbit on her dresser next to her wind-up alarm clock, positive no one will think twice about searching the inside of her stuffed rabbit for money.
Mellie rolled down the hallway towards the front door to their house. She spent the next fifteen minutes rolling up and back down the concrete driveway. When she again entered the house, she felt exhausted.
“How much do you like the presents?” asked Mellie’s father. He looked directly at his daughter waiting for a joyful response.
“They are perfect.” Mellie hugged her father then grabbed his pipe from off the mantel piece over the open fire and stuffed it full of tobacco. They both sat on the couch watching the flames growing in the fireplace.
“Father, I have been thinking,” Mellie started.
“About what?”
“When I have finished school and start work, how much money will I earn in an hour?”
“It all depends on how good your grades are at school. If you obtain high grades, you can earn lots of money.”
“How much do you earn, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“Not at all. I began my working life three weeks after my eleventh birthday. Education wasn’t like what it is today. I had to leave school and help my father earn money. To answer your question, I work hard for my $1:40 an hour. I earn a little more than the average factory worker.”
“I don’t want to sound rude; why do you earn a little more than the other workers?”
“I’m a foreman. The workers come to me if they need help?”
“Thanks, father. I have some homework to do. I better go finish it.”
“Good girl.”
Mellie walked into her room. The cat followed. She shut the door and stroked the cat’s back.
“When I have enough money, I’m leaving this boring town. If my father earns $1:40 cents an hour, I believe what I had to do to earn my $48 dollars in half an hour, I’ll take what I did as a blessing. I only hope the boys don’t run out of money. If any of those boys try to rob me, I’ll stab them with a kitchen fork.”
Mellie grinned at her secret.

# # # # # #

In the new town of Jindabyne
August 1975

Over the course of the next twelve months, Mellie had earned and put aside more than $900 dollars, while her father earned no more than $4200 dollars by going to work six days a week and ten hours every day.”
On the morning of 1st of August 1975, Mellie sat at the kitchen table eating her breakfast. Her parents walked into the room. Both were smiling.
“Happy 15th birthday,” sang Mellie’s father. He placed the hand size box on the kitchen table in front of his daughter.
Mellie opened the box and squealed with delight.
“Wear the silver locket with pride.”
“I will!” Mellie ran into the bathroom. She watched her image in the mirror as she placed the locket around her neck. She turned left then right, looking at it in the mirror. “I love it,” she called. “The locket is so shiny.” Mellie ran back into the kitchen. She hugged her father then her mother.
“When you have a small photo of the three of us, you can place it inside the locket,” explained Mellie’s mother.
“Mellie, on a serious note, you share your birthday with a unique event. Today is the horse’s birthday,” said Mellie’s father.
Mellie saw him kiss her mother. He blew Mellie a kiss and walked out of the house.
At the end of the day, Mellie had just arrived home from school with another handful of $1 notes. She walked into her room, dropped her bag on the floor and reached for her stuffed rabbit. She pulled more stuffing out of the rabbit’s right leg and started folding the money into a tight roll. She pushed the roll of notes to the foot of the rabbit’s leg. She snatched up a small amount of stuffing and covered the money. The small pants that covered the rabbit’s legs up to its neck easily hid the cuts in the stuffed toy.
The knock on the front door of the house sounded different. Mellie stared at the closed bedroom door, thinking her mother had watched her. Breathing hard from the thought of being caught, Mellie heard another round of knocking on the front door.
This time the person at the door knocked three times. The first round of knocking, Mellie counted five strong knocks. She didn’t know of anyone who knocked on a door five times. In Jindabyne no one ever knocked more than twice.
“Cat, someone has knocked on the front door, eight times. I take it the person is here to discuss something serious. I hope it isn’t the police asking questions about how I obtained my $959 dollars. I think we should go take a peek.”
Mellie placed the stuffed rabbit on the bed and straightened her quilt. One last check of her room to make sure it looked neat and tidy and she quickly walked down the hallway. She saw her mother reach for the front door knob.
“Mr. Langtry, what a pleasant surprise. Bernard, my husband isn’t due home for another hour or so.”
Mr. Langtry peeled his old worn hat from off his balding head. His smile never eventuated.
“Won’t you come in?”
“I’d rather not, thanks all the same. Mrs. Kilpatrick, we haven’t actually met. I am Bernard’s boss.”
“It is so nice to meet you long at last. Call me Sherilee.”
Mr. Langtry opened the flap of his coat and pulled out a white envelope. He thrust it at Sherilee.
“What is this?”
“Sherilee, the note is self-explanatory. I personally wrote the note. It took me quite some time. You aren’t obliged to open the envelope standing at the front door. I don’t want prying eyes to know what is in the envelope.”
Mellie stood at the kitchen doorway, listening to the voice of the male visitor. The tone in the man’s voice relayed he didn’t feel comfortable at trying to explain something. Mellie frowned at trying to catch up with the conversation. She pieced together something bad happened where her father worked.
“The accident happened this morning, just after smoko. Your husband, Bernard, was a hero in the mishap. He saved a man from being crushed by a truck. Mrs. Kilpatrick, your husband played the hero.”
“You mentioned the word ‘hero,’ twice. Tell me what’s going on? Why are you here?” asked Sherilee.
“There is no other way to say what I came here for except to tell you straight. Either way the outcome will be the same,” said Mr. Langtry. He reached up and loosened his tie and top button. Although the weather felt quite cold, he appeared to be sweating in his long coat.
Mellie looked past the man. The storm the weather bureau predicted had arrived. She saw the first flash of lightening then a drop of rain fell hard against the tin roof.
“Sherilee, your husband, Bernard Kilpatrick died at the factory today, crushed under the weight of the truck. The driver making the delivery pushed the accelerator pedal and not the brake. The front and back tyre rolled over Bernard.”
“My husband is dead?” Sherilee dropped the envelope she held. With her mouth open, she stared directly at Mr. Langtry.
“I’m afraid so.” Langtry’s chin quivered. He turned away.
Sherilee grabbed his arm, preventing him from walking back to his car. “My Bernard, can’t be dead.”
“I’m sorry over your loss. Please, I must be going. I don’t like driving in the rain. Sherilee, your husband died instantly. He felt no pain. In other words, he didn’t suffer.”
“Do you believe he didn’t?”
“Let’s believe he didn’t. Again, I’m sorry over what happened. The accident couldn’t have been avoided.” said Mr. Langtry.
Mellie watched the man run back to his four-door sedan. He didn’t look back at the house. He started the car’s engine, crunched the gear stick into a gear and took off at speed, leaving Mellie and her mother staring at the large white envelope on the floor.
Mellie helped her mother shuffle into the loungeroom. She shut the door to stop any prying eyes.
“It can’t be true. Mellie, don’t worry, your father will be home in a minute. He will open the front door grumbling he is all wet and that dinner isn’t ready.”
“I think we should open the envelope,” said Mellie. Tears were starting to fall from her eyes.
“Don’t cry. This is just a joke,” insisted Sherilee.
“I don’t think so.”
Mellie snatched the large white envelope from off the floor. She tore open the top edge and looked inside.
“Is there a note?”
“There is, yes,” answered Mellie.
When she finished reading the hand written note to her mother, explaining every detail of the accident, Mellie watched the paper float to the floor. She looked up at her mother’s horrified expression. The wrinkles in her forehead were deeper than usual. Her shiny blue eyes were dull. To Mellie, they looked unfamiliar, as if the spark of life had been extinguished. Mellie noticed her mother’s hands were trembling. Then she saw her mother rocking back and forth while wrapping her arm tight around her waist. Mellie’s tears were dropping fast. She wiped the salt water off her cheeks using her jumper. Snatching out the money from the envelope, Mellie counted the one-dollar notes.
“One hundred and ten dollars.”
Sherilee took hold of the money and recounted the notes on her lap. She looked up at Mellie. Tears were rolling down her cheeks. Her mouth opened. Mellie covered her ears.
The high-pitched scream seemed to last forever. Long after Sherilee stopped screaming, Mellie’s ears were still ringing. She felt as though her body would never stop trembling. Mellie closed her eyes, blocking out the way her mother looked.
Finally hearing her mother’s sobs quietening, Mellie retrieved the note from the floor. She again read Langtry’s hand written explanation. Mellie discovered nothing new except how Langtry decided on the amount he should pay for compensation over the death of her father.
The ten dollars were the wages Mellie’s father had earned so far for the week. Severance pay, consisting of good will, funeral expenses and a job well done, totaled one hundred dollars. Mr. Langtry had done his homework on the exact amount the law required him to pay.
Mellie thought about the money her father’s boss handed over. There were a lot of notes. The fact remained, no matter how careful they were, the amount wouldn’t last long.
Mellie and Sherilee sat on the floor of their house. They both sobbed for an hour. Both didn’t know what to do. They thought about the future. How could they live with no money? Sherilee knew she must work, but do what? Her skills were limited to cooking and cleaning the house, shopping for food and paying the bills. How could they possibly stay in this town? Friends and strangers in the town will talk about Mellie and her mother, the widow. Soon men will be knocking on the front door of their home, asking Sherilee out on a date. Mellie trembled at the scene of her mother in bed with another man.
Sherilee and Mellie had to find a job. Inside a few months they’d be hungry and more than likely be kicked out of their home from being behind in the payments.
“Mum, you and I must find a job.”
Sherilee hugged her daughter tight. “Suggesting we both must find a job is easier said than done. Men work. Ladies cook and clean.”
“It will okay. If we must leave Jindabyne to find a job then so be it,” said Mellie. She thought about how easily she earned her secret stash. She smirked a little. She felt confident she could do it on a much larger scale. “Mother, everything will work out.”



CHAPTER TWO


In the new town of Jindabyne
August 3rd 1975



A FEW days after receiving the bad news, Mellie and her mother were down at the local police station. The handsome cop in charge explained that the accident happened to be nothing more than a series of mishaps. Adding the several different instances together happened to result in a death at the factory.
“Is there any way I can receive more compensation?” questioned Sherilee.
“Madam, I have spoken at length to Mr. Langtry. He explained everything to me. Legally you don’t have a leg to stand on.”
“I will have to find a job. If I don’t, the bank will sell the house from under me.” Sherilee’s voice sounded high pitched. Her hands were trembling. She pushed her hair from her eyes and stared at the man sitting on the other side of the table.
“I understand, you are upset over the death of your husband.”
“You don’t understand a damn thing.”
“Madam, I can assure you the tone in your voice is revealing you aren’t thinking straight. Calm down. Take my advice; go home. In a couple of days, I will drive to your house. We can have a nice chat over a cup of tea.”
“I don’t want a cup of tea. I want to sue Langtry.”
“Forget it. He has done nothing wrong.”
“He did. My husband is dead.”
“Mr. Langtry did all he could. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but that is the crux of this meeting. Langtry did nothing wrong.”
“He must pay more.”
“In my opinion, Langtry gave you adequate compensation.”
“Tell me, what job can I do?”
“Mrs. Kilpatrick. Sherilee, please, go home. Attend the funeral. In a couple of weeks, you will feel better.”
Mellie pushed her arm around her mother’s waist. “Let’s go home.”
Sherilee and Mellie walked slowly towards the door. Watched closely by the cop, the two ladies stepped out of the police station and started for home.
The wind had a bite to it. Mellie studied the sky. Inwardly she thought, ‘Any colder and it might just snow. It is rare, but it could happen.’
As the two ladies walked along the dirt road with the long weeds growing on either side and past the school, they felt everyone watching them. Several ladies stepped out of their house in full view and watched Mellie and Sherilee. Mellie could have sworn on a stack of Bibles they were all already talking behind their back about the so-called accident.
Over the course of the next two days, Mellie looked after her mother. She seemed to be content in shutting out all help. She sat on the couch all day staring at the open fire. The fire Mellie had to start each morning. At first, starting the fire made her feel nervous. On her first attempt, Mellie threw the lit match at the paper. The small flame on the match head fizzled out. A small amount of smoke rose into the air. Feeling a little disappointed, Mellie struck a second match. This time she placed the dancing flame close to the scrunched-up newspaper. She sat on her knees watching it burn. In a few minutes the fire appeared to be roaring. The briquettes were glowing and the small logs were well alight.
Mellie felt proud of starting the fire on her own. Her father always told her, the more you do something, the better at it you became.
Mellie didn’t have time to grieve too long over the death of her father. Looking after her mother took up all her thoughts. Cooking three meals a day and doing the washing up didn’t give her much time to do anything else. Mellie walked out into the lightening sky on the fourth day to gather firewood, thankful her father thought about the winter and chopped plenty of firewood in the warmer months. Most of which stayed dry under the large heavy canvas tarp.
The morning of the funeral, Mel helped her mother get out of bed. Getting her dressed for the funeral took more than an hour. No amount of encouragement helped to speed up the process.
Finally, and after much effort to get her mother to eat three mouthfuls of a poached egg, Mel sat her mother on the couch in the loungeroom and rushed into her bedroom to get ready. Two minutes before the funeral car arrived, Mellie viewed her image in the full-length mirror.
She chose to wear her black knee length skirt and grey button up shirt. She pushed a wide brimmed hat, the color of midnight on her head, tied the shoelaces of her black flat soled shoes and swiped up a small black shoulder bag as she heard the funeral car being parked in the driveway.
Mellie wiped the tears from her eyes, walking towards the front door. She also took notice of her mother. She sat staring at the floor at her feet.
“Good morning, Miss. Kilpatrick. I’m the funeral director. My name is Mr. Rolf Linwood. I don’t mind if you call me Rolf. We spoke on the phone recently.”
“Yes, we did. Hello. Please, come in. Mother is in the loungeroom.”
“Is Sherilee ready?”
“She is, yes.”
“May I call you Mel instead of Miss Kilpatrick or Mellie? One sounds too formal for such an occasion as this and the other sounds too much of a little girl’s name.”
“Mel will do fine.”
Behind the man’s back Mel eyeballed him. She easily decided although the man sounded and appeared nice and friendly, he got paid to act and say nice words. His eyes, though were blue, were too close together. In Mel’s book, that made him out to be untrustworthy.
As Mel, her mother and the funeral director stepped out of the house, it started raining. Linwood coaxed Sherilee to sit on the front seat of the long black car. Mel heard the front door shut with a click. She watched the man smile, walking towards the driver’s side. Linwood slid behind the steering wheel and started the engine. Mel ran in the rain to the car and sat in the rear passenger seat.
Just like the time they walked home from the police station, the neighbors were gathered at the side of the road, whispering and pointing at the funeral car.
The closer they got to the cemetery, the harder it rained.
The majority of the ninety guests were made up of the workers from the factory. Some of the ladies were a worker’s wife. Langtry chose not to get too close to Sherilee or Mel. He sat at the rear of the small church in the grounds of the cemetery hoping not to be noticed.
The priest said a short sermon about how Mel’s father went to heaven. He summed up his talk with plenty of nice words. Then Mel stood behind the alter and spoke the words she had written on a piece of paper.
All up, the funeral lasted twenty-seven minutes.
The guests walked slowly along a winding gravel path towards a nice part of the cemetery. The grass appeared a deep green. The rain had slowed to a drizzle, helping the gumtrees to have that wet smell and drip the occasional heavy drop of water.
Mel helped her mother walk towards the edge of the hole so she could drop the flower on to the coffin. All the guests said their condolences to Mel and Sherilee. They left as the rain began falling again. By the time Mel and Sherilee were back in the funeral car, they were both drenched from head to feet.
At the house where Mel lived with her mother, the noise of the constant chatter from her father’s work mates and their wife and Mel’s mother’s friends echoed in Mel’s ears. Mel attempted to console her mother several times over the chatter. She refused all help. In fact, she never spoke a word to anyone. She just sat on the chair in the loungeroom watching the dying fire.
Mel silently peeled away from the commotion. She snatched a packet of cigarettes and a box of matches someone placed on the kitchen bench, stepped outside and into the backyard. The sun looked ready to break through the clouds. With a cigarette in her mouth and a lit match in her hand, Mel sat on her father’s chair under a tee-tree on the dead side of the house. She lit the cigarette and blew smoke into the air, all the while, watching the rain drops fall from the blocked spouting.
Sitting deep in the chair, Mel cried for the first time that wretched day. To make matters worse, Mel sensed her mother will soon follow her father, leaving her alone in the town of Jindabyne.
The town she loathed.
Whenever Mel thought someone might discover her, Mel wiped the fresh tears from her face. What made her to feel worse, no one actually bothered to search for her. Mel made up her mind the entire town of Jindabyne didn’t care. Over the years many of the town’s folk greeted Mel and her mother with a smile. They’d chat to her mother for a few minutes. Every so often, Mel received a sideways glance from the so-called rich ladies. Especially Mrs. Maxwell who always looked down her nose. Then she’d turn her back on Mel and chat to her mother a little longer. Mel studied the area, waiting for the friendly people to giggle. The noise signaled they were about to walk away. Mrs. Maxwell’s giggle sounded more like a pig snorting than a regular giggle.
That night after the funeral and when everyone had long gone home, Mel heard her mother get out of bed. The nightly occurrence of the creaking floorboards in the hallway resumed. Only this time, Mel knew her mother made the noise as she walked the hallway and not some homeless ghost. Mel giggled at the thought when she saw the cat stir from its sleep. It lifted its head and looked directly at Mel. She then walked around in circles a few times before settling itself back on the bed.
“It is not time for breakfast. It is only 10:35pm,” whispered Mel to the cat.
Mel heard the back door of the house slam shut. She heard the train whistle in the distance. Frowning at the idea her mother might attempt the unthinkable, Mel quickly dressed in the dark, grabbed her small torch from off the side table and ran after her mother. She hurdled the low wooden rear fence.
At the dry creek, covered in knee deep grass, Mel slowed to a walk. If she twisted her ankle in the dark, or stepped on a snake she couldn’t catch up to her mother. Not more than a minute sprint from their house, through the open paddock was the train line. She had read in the local paper the train line might be duplicated in the not-too-distant future. Mel scoffed at the idea. She knew full well the council never kept their promises.
One hundred yards from the train line and still in the midst of the grassland, Mel saw the tail of a snake.
She froze.
Although Mel didn’t have enough time to see the color of the snake, she determined the reptile could have been brown. Mel had seen a couple of brown snakes a few days ago coiled up in the sun near the wood pile. Then she heard whispers from the girls in her class, one slithered amongst the tall grass on the other side of the oval, straight at young six-year-old Billy Maxwell. The reptile bit the lad on the ankle. His twelve-year-old brother Richard, picked up a large stick and beat the snake’s head to a pulp. The teachers rushed Billy to the hospital.
Billy died four hours later.
The rumors that God took Billy due to the fact his mother always giggled to end a conversation and she looked down her nose at everyone in the town, spread faster than a grass fire in a strong wind. The priest assured everyone in his sermon the Sunday just gone, God had no part in the lad’s death.
Less than a third of the people in the congregation were convinced.
Mel stood in the dark searching for the snake by way of the torch light beam. The yellow light revealed the batteries were almost flat.
Mel saw the train’s bright light in the distance. She also saw her mother, still dressed in her short white nighty standing on the train line. The train’s single bright light lit Sherilee up more brilliant than Christmas tree lights.
Mel screamed.
Sherilee looked at Mel.
She screamed again.
Sherilee waved.
Mel couldn’t postpone her running any longer. She sprinted across the knee-high grass waving the torch beam at her mother.
As plain as day, Mel saw her mother’s shadow growing longer. She appeared to be in a trans like state. She looked ghostly white, staring at the train. Her flimsy nighty scraped her knees as she stood in the middle of the tracks. Then Sherilee turned side on and seemed to stare directly at Mel. Sherilee waved again.
Mel aimed her faint torch light beam at the train, hoping the train driver might be able to stop the metal monster in time.
The train’s horn boomed into the still night air. Metal on metal squealed. Sparks erupted from the violent interruption to the train’s travel.
Mel saw the train beginning to slow. She saw her mother smile.
Mel screamed again and ran faster.
Another blast by the train driver drowned out Mel’s last scream.
Mel watched the train leave the area. It hadn’t slowed enough to be able to stop. Mel sobbed at knowing her mother and father were together in heaven.
Eventually Mel walked slowly towards the train line. Already, several people were at the scene. The ladies were sobbing. The men were looking at each other, not sure of what to do. In the distance Mel noticed the train driver had finally stopped the train. She could hear the driver shouting from somewhere out of the darkness.
Mel stood on the train line looking at the gruesome scene. She dropped her torch. The metal tube clanged as it bounced off one of the rail tracks. The dim light went out.
“Did you know the name of the deceased woman?”
Mel looked up at the man who had spoken to her. She saw his mouth moving, but couldn’t hear a word he said.
“Did you know the name of the deceased woman?” he asked for the third time.
Mel felt a hand touch her left shoulder. A different lady wrapped her arms around Mel’s waist. Mel saw her nodding, prompting her to go home. To get away from the deadly scene.
“The lady was my mother, Sherilee Kilpatrick,” stammered Mel.
“Come on, I will take you home,” said the lady.
“There is a snake in the grass,” said Mel.
“That’s okay. My husband and I will take you to our house. You can have a warm glass of milk and a good sleep.”
The lady helped Mel to walk the short distance to the house on the opposite side of the train tracks. She sat her on a single bed in a small room with no furniture or bedside table. A curtain made out of light material hung over the small window. By the time the lady returned with a glass of warm milk, Mel had fallen asleep.

# # # # # #

The sun oozing through the thin material over the window, stirred Mel from a deep sleep. She sat up in bed, looking puzzled with the strange surrounds.
“Where am I? This isn’t my room.”
A middle-aged woman, displaying a friendly smile walked into the room.
“Good, you are awake. I’m Mrs. Betty Brandish. Are you hungry?”
Mel nodded. “I remember you helping me last night. You brought me here.”
“I did.”
“I’m Mel Kilpatrick. Other than last night, have we met?”
“No, but I knew your mother. We saw each other every Thursday at the bank. We’d chat about the weather and life in general. She came across as friendly person. Always willing to lend a hand if someone asked.”
“Thank you for the kind words.”
“Mel, there is a policeman here. He has been here for about an hour. He’d like to have a chat.”
“I suppose he wants to talk about my mother and that she committed suicide?”
“Only if you are ready,” suggested Betty.
Mel saw the dear lady show a sympathetic smile. “I am.”
“I will make you some breakfast while you and the policeman have a chat.”
Mel followed Betty down the hallway and into the loungeroom. The small square room didn’t have much furniture. A couple of chairs and a small coffee table that looked just large enough to place a tea pot and a mug on the surface. The open fire appeared to be dying. The large log Betty placed on top of the small flames had all but put out the fire. A lot of smoke was billowing up the chimney.
The handsome cop sat on one of the chairs next to the window. He watched Mel enter the room. “Good morning, Mel Kilpatrick. I’m Constable Cliff Brown.”
The cop stood. Mel estimated the bloke to be a few inches taller than six feet.
“Hello.”
“Come sit, so we can have a chat.”
Mel sat on the other chair opposite Constable Brown. Betty entered the room. She placed a plate of honey on toast on her lap. Mel swiped up a slice and devoured it.
“I hope you don’t think I am coming on too strong, however, there is a protocol I must follow when I am called to an incident.”
“An incident!” repeated Mel. “What a poetic name you have to call a suicide.”
“I thought it only fitting,” said the constable. “Please, tell me about what happened prior to the time.”
“You can say the word ‘suicide.’ I won’t yell, or sue the police department.”
Mel sounded surprisingly calm. She even smiled at the man.
“Moving right along. Did your mother hint at what she planned?” asked Brown.
“Planned?” Mel’s eyebrows angled to a point.
“The incident with the train must have been planned?”
“Incident? You keep referring to my mother’s successful attempted suicide as an incident.” Mel sat back in her chair, folded her arms and glared at the cop.
“What I’m trying to say in the nicest possible way, a person usually talks about the subject for a number of days.”
“My mother said no hint about thinking of suicide,” snarled Mel.
Betty placed her hand on Mel’s shoulder. She wanted nothing more than to push the old bony hand away. She managed to hide the fact the gesture did nothing more than infuriate her.
“The good constable is only trying to understand why your mother committed suicide,” whispered Betty.
“Mel, your mother, Sherilee, said nothing to you about what she planned?”
“No. The incident came as a complete surprise.”
“Did she speak much after her husband’s funeral?”
“Look, Constable Brown, my mother was grieving big time. She couldn’t handle the death of my father, her husband. She never hinted about wanting to commit suicide. To me it is a cop out. If I knew what she planned or even contemplated suicide, I would have forced her to leave this crap hole of a town. She loved this place. I didn’t and I still don’t. The idea of flooding an entire town, goes against the grain. Now, please leave. I have another funeral to organize. To wrap up this conversation, there was no foul play, murder, or argument. My mother took her own life without saying a word to anyone.”
Constable Cliff Brown, stood. He shook the hand of Betty and Mel. He smiled at both. Mel decided more than likely the gesture was nothing more than a fake one. The cop said his goodbyes, placed his hat on his head and walked out of the house.
Mel looked at Betty. “I must be going too.”
“Are you sure? You can stay for as long as you want.”
“I’m fine, really, I am. There are tasks I need to finalize. Thanks for breakfast.”
Mel stepped out of the house. Instead of walking over the train line and across the grassland where the snake might be hiding, she took the long way home, by walking away from the train line and into town. Seeing the funeral home on the corner of the main drag and opposite the general store, she stepped onto the verandah, read the welcome sign and opened the door.
The polished wooden floorboards made a clunking noise every time Mel’s shoes touched the surface.
The man sitting at the desk near the window made eye contact with Mel when she opened the door. With a friendly smile, he pushed his chair back. For the second time Mel decided the gesture might have been faked.
“Good morning, Mel.”
“Morning Mr. Linwood.”
“Please, call me Rolf. I’m more than happy to see you here this morning, knowing you have another funeral to organize.”
Mel shook Rolf’s hand and looked directly at his blue eyes. Mel decided he came across as a likeable character. Self-assured. Confident in any given difficult situation. With some reservation from the man’s smile and that she thought his eyes were too close together, Mel changed her mind about thinking she couldn’t trust him. Rolf acted genuine. The shine in his eyes backed up the fact he actually enjoyed the funeral business.
“Come, sit at the square table. We can nut out the particulars.”
Mel sat opposite Rolf at the table under the window. The sunshine warmed Mel’s right-hand side of her face.
“My condolences over your loss. I liked Sherilee. Every time I saw her in town, she always sounded cheerful. On the few occasions when she saw me from across the street, she came over just to say hello. Unlike most other ladies in the town who try and avoid me at all costs. A while back, I remember one of the ladies, hid behind a car, hoping not to talk to me.”
“Are you talking about Mrs. Maxwell, by any stretch of the imagination?”
“I’m not sure I want to answer your question. If I say you have hit the nail on the head, a rumor could start up. You mightn’t like this town, but I do.”
“Mrs. Maxwell hates me as much as I hate this town,” admitted Mel.
“I don’t know why! There is so much future potential in this town.”
“I won’t be here long enough to understand how anyone could love living here.”
“The fresh air is one of the first things. Another is watching the reservoir being built then filled. I look forward to the day I can buy a boat and go fishing.”
“Each to his own,” grumbled Mel.
“Obviously, what your dear mother had to endure since the accident that killed your father was all too much.”
“I don’t want to appear rude Mr. Linwood. Can we not dwell on the past or the future in this town?”
“Yes, of course. I was merely striking up a friendly conversation.”
“You needn’t bother. I am here to arrange my mother’s funeral. You did an exceptional job with my father’s funeral. This time around I am hoping for a little shorter. There won’t be many attendees.”
“I can arrange everything.”
“Thank you.”
“The morning after tomorrow is fine by me.”
“Sounds perfect,” said Mel.
“I will call the police constable today for permission to accept your mother.”
Mr. Linwood walked over to a metal filing cabinet. He opened up the top drawer and pulled out a sheet of paper. He returned to the table and placed the paper in front of Mel. She commenced to answer the questions typed on the official form. Mel then signed the bottom of the paper.
“As for payment, you can pay off the account in stages,” suggested Rolf Linwood. “I don’t want to be more of a burden in your time of mourning.”
“Thank you. When the house is sold the account can be settled then, if that’s alright with you?”
“Are you going to sell the house?”
“Yes. I am leaving Jindabyne. The police will see to it I live with my aunt in Adelaide. Selling of the house will be a foregone conclusion.”
“In that case, I might have a buyer. A quick phone call will alleviate the stress of talking to a real estate agent.”
“Thank you for exceptional service. I look forward to hearing how you got on with the sale of the house.” Mel pushed her hand out.
Rolf Linwood shook her hand and escorted Mel to the front door. Both stepped out into the sunshine.
“I will see you the day after tomorrow. 10:00am.”
Mel waved as she walked away. “I will be ready.”



CHAPTER THREE



THE MORNING of the day of the funeral, and at exactly 10:00am, Mel watched Mr. Linwood parking the long black car in her driveway. She stepped up to and opened the front door while the man, dressed in a black suit and tie walked towards the house.
“Good morning, Miss. Kilpatrick.”
“Morning to you Mr. Linwood. You are true to your word. Your punctuality was impeccable.”
“Thank you.”
Mel closed the front door to her house. “Mr. Linwood, Rolf, were you successful in talking to the people you told me about the other day? The ones you thought might be interested in buying my house?”
“I did, yes. The newly married couple have been searching for a holiday house in this area. They believe when the reservoir is full of water, the price of the houses in Jindabyne will increase substantially. The asking price for your house is in the middle of their budget. They have fully agreed to buy your house. The good news is; in a few weeks you will have five hundred dollars transferred into your bank account. You don’t have to do anything except sign the form. I can organize the real estate bloke to talk to you tomorrow.”
“Thank you for your diligence.”
“My pleasure.”
The remainder of the day went off without a hitch. The weather looked overcast, but no rain fell. The seven guests at the funeral said their heart-felt condolences to Mel. She watched each person drop a red rose on her mother’s coffin and she watched each person get in their car and drive away.
Mel stood staring down at the coffin. She saw one of her tears hit the shiny wooden lid and splatter. She sniffed back the remainder of her tears and thanked the priest for a job well done. The man’s puzzled expression took Mel by surprise. Surely another funeral couldn’t have upset him that much. After all, he got paid for saying nice words at every funeral.
“I’m deeply troubled over the reason why no one stayed longer than they had to. I feel embarrassed they couldn’t even invite you back to their house so you can have a chat,” said the priest.
“It is okay,” said Mel.
“No, it is not. I have a good mind in knocking on each person’s front door and ask them to explain their actions. Leaving you alone, with not so much as an invite to have a meal with them is inexcusable.”
“My parents didn’t have many close friends.”
“I’d say none,” interrupted the priest.
“When I saw what happened to my mother, I knew I’d be leaving Jindabyne. It is okay. There is no need to worry.” Mel patted the priest on the hand. “Honestly, I will be okay.”
By the time Mel waved goodbye to Mr. Linwood and shut the front door to her house, being an orphan hit Mel hard in the stomach.
Mel wandered outside. She sat on the verandah steps, puffing on a cigarette. While staring at the rear fence, the train sounded its horn. Mel’s cat came running over.
“Cat, where I’m going you can’t come. Enjoy my company for the last night in this house. Tomorrow the cops will be here. We will converse a little. I will mention I have a fictious aunt and uncle living in Adelaide. With any luck, they will hand over some money and a train ticket. They will probably deduct the amount out of what I will receive from the sale of the house, but a least I will have a free train ticket out of Jindabyne. Look after your new owners.”
Mel scratched Cat’s ears. The animal purred. Unexpectantly, the animal jumped up and made herself comfortable on Mel’s lap. Mel finished the cigarette and flicked it into the air. A thin trail of smoke followed the cigarette to the ground. Mel lit another cigarette and watched the sunsetting. She started to imagine the sunshine on the surface of the reservoir and the trees in the foreground moving ever so slightly in the warm breeze. She grunted at thinking up the look of the sunset then a rainbow when it rained on the old Jindabyne town, deep under water.
After finishing a third cigarette, Mel placed Cat on the ground, stood, shook any fur from her clothes and walked into the house. Cat instinctively followed.
Mel fed Cat and cooked up two poached eggs on toast. She scoffed her meal sitting at the kitchen table. “I’m tired, Cat. Let’s go to sleep.”
Mel set her alarm clock for 6:00am. With Cat at her feet on top of the bed, Mel fell asleep long before 9:00pm.

# # # # # #

The alarm clock woke Mel on time. She fed Cat and ate the last of the cereal sitting at the kitchen table. Hearing a knock on the front door, Mel placed the few dishes in the sink and dropped the empty cereal box in the small bin under the sink. She opened the door just as the constable looked ready to knock again.
“Good morning, Miss. Kilpatrick. I’m Constable Brown. Constable Bernice Wisely is standing behind me.”
“Hello.” Mel pushed her long hair behind her ears.
“May we come in?”
“Sure.”
“Miss Kilpatrick, I hope we didn’t wake you?” asked the handsome constable. He stepped past Mel, scraping his hand along her arm.
“I have been awake for about half an hour. I probably look a little tired. I didn’t get much sleep last night,” explained Mel.
“Understandable. Sorry to hear it,’ said the tall constable. Brown looked Mel up and down. His smile increased the depth of his dimple in his left cheek.
Mel gathered her pink dressing gown tighter.
The policewoman, who Brown had introduced as Bernice Wisely, wore a wrinkle free uniform. She appeared extra serious, standing at attention next to the handsome constable.
“Mellie, I’m asking you to be grown up,” said Wisely.
“My name is Mel. Mellie is such a childish name.”
“Yes, of course. Mel, what I am trying to say is; I want you to pack some clothes in a suitcase.”
“Why? I’m not going anywhere.” Mel pouted and made a few tears fall from her eyes. She sniffed as she wiped the water off her cheeks.
“I understand this is your home. Jindabyne is all you have ever known. This next part of your life is a massive step. Most teenagers don’t do what you are about do until they get married. Mel, Constable Brown and I only want the best for you. Do you have any relatives?”
“I think I have a cousin living in Tasmania.”
Bernice Wisely snatched a small note pad and pen from the pocket of her shirt. “What is the name of your cousin? Do you know the address?”
“I don’t, but his name is Kevin. I do have an aunt and uncle living in Adelaide. If I must choose to live somewhere other than Jindabyne, I think I’d prefer to live in Adelaide. Tasmania is too cold. My uncle is James Thorn. My aunt’s name is Robin Thorn. I spoke to them last night. They are more than willing to meet me at the train station when I arrive. They suggested I call them after I purchase the train ticket for the final leg of the journey.”
“It sounds like they are happy about the idea,” said Constable Brown.
“More than happy,” said Mel. “My aunt told me I can stay for as long as I want.”
Constable Wisely eyeballed Mel. Her serious expression never changed. “Your aunt and uncle, they do understand the cost of taking on a teenager?”
“I suppose they do. My cousin moved out last year.”
“Then it is settled,” said Constable Brown. “We will purchase the train ticket at Jindabyne station.”
“Thank you,” said Mel.
“The ticket will get you to Melbourne via Sydney. From there the cost of the next ticket will get you to Adelaide,” said the Bernice Wisely.
Mel eyeballed the woman’s smug expression. “Sounds like a solid plan. At least I won’t have to worry about where to buy a train ticket for the remainder of the journey.”
“I will wait outside while you pack some clothes,” suggested Constable Brown.
“I won’t be long,” stated Mel.
Bernice Wisely followed Mel down the hallway. She stood in the doorway to Mel’s bedroom, watching her dump clothes on her bed. “The train leaves for Sydney in fifty minutes. Mel, pack only your personal stuff. Your clothes, a few photos. Leave everything else. When you have finished packing, I will be waiting outside with Constable Brown.”
After closing her suitcase, Mel stepped up to the bedroom window. For a short time, she watched the two cops enjoying a cigarette, standing on the front lawn. She opened the window not more than two inches so she could hear their conversation.
“That was easy,” said Brown.
“Yes. Maybe too easy. I don’t trust a teenager, boy or girl.”
“Don’t be like that. It is plain to see Mel Kilpatrick is in a state of shock.”
“I disagree. She is planning something. I can sense these things. I believe she will do a runner in Sydney.”
“I don’t think she will. I trust the girl,” said Brown.
“Stop being so soft. The fake tears and the sad expression, just doesn’t cut it,” said Wisely.
“Have a heart. The girl has just lost both parents.”
“What has that got to do with it?”
“Everything. She is a distraught teenage girl,” said Brown.
“Did you read the statement from a fourteen-year-old boy?” questioned Wisely. “I dropped it on your desk yesterday.”
“I saw it, but no, I didn’t get a chance to read it.”
“The kid paid a girl from the local school a dollar to have a peep.”
“Typical boy.” Brown chuckled in a low whisper.
Mel saw Bernice Wisely point at the house.
“You think Mel Kilpatrick is that girl?”
“I do. The trouble is; I can’t prove it,” said Wisely.
“Did the boy name the girl?”
“No. He said he didn’t know her name. I have driven past the school several times in a hope of discovering the identity of the girl. I couldn’t,” grumbled Wisely.
“The girl could be anyone around here?”
“Could be, however, the lad told me the girl had long hair.”
“You have just narrowed the field down to ninety percent of the girls who live in Jindabyne.”
“I still think Mel Kilpatrick is the girl the boy talked about. Why do you think I have already purchased a train ticket to Melbourne? All I have to do is buy the ticket from Melbourne to Adelaide.”
Brown shook his head. “The girl is distraught over the death of her parents. Nothing more.”
“You need to get out more often.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“The girl looks much older than fourteen. She is a young lady.”
“I’ve noticed,” said Brown.
“Go find out what is keeping the girl. Explain to Mel the cost of the train ticket will be paid for when the sale of the house is finalized. Brown, don’t tell her anything unless she asks. I want the girl to think the government of NSW paid.”
Constable Brown wandered back into the house. Mel closed the window, dropped her stuffed rabbit with her money in it, deep into her suitcase and dragged her suitcase from the bed.
“I’ll take that.” Brown stepped into the room and took hold of the battered old suitcase.
Mel closed the front door and handed the key to Bernice Wisely.
“Right, it is time to get you to the train station.”
“Thanks for all your help,” said Mel.
“Think nothing of it,” said Brown.
Wisely reversed the police car out of the driveway. Over the course of the next minute or two and while Detective Wisely drove towards the train station, she watched Mel closely in the rear-view mirror.
Mel didn’t look back at the house where she lived. She wanted to put the house where she grew up behind her. The new Jindabyne town meant nothing to her, but the old Jindabyne town, soon to be under water, she held fond memories. Mel felt positive those memories would stay with her all her life. Inwardly, she smiled at the idea, ‘you can take the girl out of the old Jindabyne, but you can’t take the old Jindabyne out of the girl.’
Wisely parked the police car close to the main entrance to the train station. The car’s engine fell silent. The dust in the air settled.
“We should make a move. The train will be departing in thirty-five minutes,” said Brown.
Wisely led Brown and Mel towards the train platform. The concrete under their feet looked new, as with the ticket office and the train tracks. The wind felt cool. Mel spied a few five-foot-tall red kangaroos eating the grass not far from the base of the gumtrees that towered over the train station. She also spied several rabbits.
While Mel and Brown waited for the train to arrive, Detective Wisely walked over to the ticket office. She returned soon after holding the tickets.
“This first ticket will get you to Sydney. The second ticket will get you to Melbourne. The third will get you to Adelaide. When you arrive in Melbourne phone your aunt in Adelaide and say you are on the way.”
“I will.” Mel took hold of the tickets and stuffed them in her shirt pocket.
“The train is almost here,” said Brown, hearing the noise of the train slowing. In seconds the train approached the station from around the bend.
“Okay, this is it,” said Bernice Wisely. “Mel Kilpatrick, all the best for the future.”
“I appreciate everything you and Constable Brown have done for me.”
“That is what the police do. The money from the sale of your house will be in your bank account in a few months. Do you have enough cash until you reach Adelaide?”
“I have ten dollars,” answered Mel.
Brown pulled his wallet from the back pocket of his pants. He gave Mel twenty dollars. “Just in case you want to buy a meal or two. You never know, the train might be delayed.”
“Thank you, Constable Brown. I guess this is where I say goodbye.” Another fake tear dripped down Mel’s cheek.
“Everything will be okay when you reach Adelaide. They have nice beaches. The weather is warm. Stay out of trouble. Have a nice life. A few years from now you will meet a nice bloke. Your wedding will be extra nice. Your kids will be great,” said Brown.
Bernice Wisely shook her head as the train rumbled to a stop. Mel stepped up to the carriage door and opened it. After sitting at the window, she watched the two officers watching her. Feeling the train jerk and train station starting to slip away, Mel waved. Brown returned the wave while Bernice Wisely stood with her arms folded.
Mel didn’t care for the woman. All she did was eyeball Mel suspiciously and buy her a one-way ticket out of Jindabyne. One thing Mel knew for certain; the cops had no idea she won’t be arriving in Adelaide. In days they’d forget she even existed.
Mel looked at the new Jindabyne town for the last time. On the bend she watched the scrub whizzing past the window.
Mel smiled at her good fortune. She actually escaped the town. At last, she felt confident about being in charge of her future.
When she finished school, her plans were to leave Jindabyne and her mother, meet a rich man then have a happy family. Yes, a happy family. Inwardly Mel vowed never to follow in her mother’s footsteps and commit suicide.



CHAPTER FOUR


Melbourne
5th August 1975


MEL STEPPED off the train at Melbourne’s Flinders Street Station. She paused to take in her surrounds. She easily decided the weather felt cooler than Sydney.
So as not to stand out in a crowd like the sightseers on a holiday, Mel walked over to, and sat on a grass green colored cast iron seat, where she watched people rushing along the many platforms. At 8:05am most of the people had gotten off the train and were power walking towards the platform’s ‘up’ ramp. Each man wore a suit and tie while each lady wore an expensive mini skirt, blouse and high heel shoes on their feet.
Mel joined in on the parade and walked up the ramp behind a man who carried a black leather attaché case.
Halfway up the steep incline, Mel placed her heavy suitcase on the dirty concrete. Her breathing sounded fast and shallow.
“Excuse me, Miss, do you need a hand?”
Mel looked up. She saw a handsome man standing not more than four feet from her. Due to the incline of the ramp the man appeared to tower over her. He smiled. Mel pushed her long hair behind her ears and smiled back.
“My suitcase is slowing me down.”
“Allow me to carry the battered old suitcase for you!”
“I’m actually walking up hill. You were walking downhill towards the train.”
“It’s okay. I’m always early for the office. Besides, a pretty young lady, such as yourself appears to be struggling with that old thing you call a suitcase.”
Mel summed up the businessman as genuine. He wore a wedding ring on his finger. His smile looked captivating and friendly. “Thank you. I would appreciate a hand. Where I came from the land is flat.”
“The incline to the ground level can be a bit of a pain. Living in Melbourne, you get used to it. Are you a seasoned traveler?”
“I’m not sure what you mean by a seasoned traveler?”
“Are you in Melbourne for long stay or just passing through?”
“I have plans to stay indefinitely,” answered Mel.
“Awesome. By the looks of your suitcase, I thought you might be travelling the world.”
“No, not me. My life is a long boring story.”
“It can’t be that boring. Given half a chance, I’d like to hear it. I’m Dylan Maize. Don’t take this the wrong way, your long curly hair looks very nice.”
“Thanks for the compliment.”
“I didn’t catch your name?” quizzed Dylan Maize.
“Sorry, of course you didn’t. I’m Mel Kilpatrick.”
“Is that your real name or a made up one?”
“My full name as it is written on my birth certificate is Melanie Rose Kilpatrick. Mel for short.”
“Where have you travelled from?”
“I started at Jindabyne. I travelled via Sydney.”
“Welcome to Melbourne. I’d say at a guess you have been on the train for over ten hours. Are you hungry?”
“Starving,” answered Mel.
“Come with me, I will buy you breakfast.”
“I don’t want to be any trouble.”
“Not at all,” said Dylan. “I have already mentioned I am usually early for the office. If I’m late, it won’t make much difference.”
“I have a train ticket to Adelaide. I am hoping to cash it in.”
“I will see what I can do to get you a refund.”
Dylan walked Mel towards the large ticket office on the ground floor. He held her hand while carrying the suitcase. They joined in on the rear of the short queue. Slowly they shuffled closer to the office window.
“Do you have anywhere to stay while you are in Melbourne?” asked Dylan.
“Not as yet. Everything depends on the refund for my ticket.”
“I insist you stay with me. My wife is not due to arrive home from Queensland until the middle of next week. I can get you settled in then you can plan exactly what you want to do.”
“Sounds like a plan. Do you live far from Melbourne?”
“About half an hour by train. I have a two-storey house overlooking the bay. Five bedrooms, three bathrooms, each with a free-standing bath underneath the window. You can soak in the warm water and believe you are actually on the beach. The best time to have a bath is when the lightning is on the horizon. Sipping a nice red or white wine watching the rain approaching is nice and cozy.”
“To me the scene you just described reminds me of the movies.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, how old are you?”
“How old do I look?” asked Mel.
“Twenty.”
“Close. I’m twenty in three months.” Mel hid the fact she celebrated her fifteenth birthday five days ago. She decided the man calling himself Dylan Maize might be after a little more than helping a girl with a battered old suitcase. Her promising future with a rich man appeared done and dusted. Her long curly hair had easily hooked the bloke and her smile reeled him in. ‘Sucker,’ Mel thought inwardly, flashing Dylan another smile.
Mel felt Dylan push his arm around her waist. She started to imagine what her life could be like if she didn’t resist his advances. She liked the idea.
‘Yep, an easy sucker. Wife away for a week. The perfect time for the man to play his cards. With any luck, he will leave his wife and marry me sometime in the near future. Especially when his every fantasy was filled.’
While still inching closer to the ticket booth, Mel thought about the boys in the Jindabyne school and at how easily they parted with their money. Just like the boys, Dylan Maize will also part with his money.
Dylan and Mel stepped up to the ticket booth. Staring through the mesh covered window, Mel watched the average looking man finish stacking a pile of tickets then sweep the small change into a drawer at the side of his desk.
He looked up. His smile never eventuated.
“This young lady is hoping to get a refund on her train ticket from Melbourne to Adelaide,” said Dylan.
“I’m not in the mood for giving out refunds, doing favors or helping people,” started the man. “Saying that, the train service will actually refund half the cost of the ticket if the cancellation is more than twenty-four hours from now. When is the train due to leave?”
Mel stepped closer to the meshed window. “In twelve minutes.”
The man shook his head. “No can do.”
“Sir, the young lady has no money.”
“Who are you to her?”
“I’m a bloke who is trying to help the young lady. She arrived from Sydney. She said she has no money for breakfast.”
“Not my problem.”
“Surely you can give the young lady something for the cancellation?”
“It’s okay,” whispered Mel.
“No, it is not okay,” said Dylan.
“I don’t want to cause a scene.”
“You told me you are hungry and you have no where to live,” said Dylan.
“I have already stated it is not my problem,” growled the ticket man.
“I will suggest the girl should make camp at the base of this office.” Dylan dropped the suitcase on the concrete.
“Hand over the ticket. The best I can do is give you $2:25 cents for the refund.”
“Thank you,” said Dylan.
The ticket man handed over the amount in change. He snatched the ticket and shooed Mel and Dylan away by waving his hands at them. “Go. Get out of my sight before I change my mind.”
Dylan and Mel walked away from the train station. They walked across the road and entered a long narrow cafe. Of the forty tables in the place, eight were being used. Mel and Dylan sat at the window waiting for someone to take their order. Mel watched the foot traffic outside. Of what Mel could see of the city of Melbourne she could tell there were plenty of men to choose from. If the man sitting opposite her didn’t give her enough money, she would simply sweep him away and look for another.
“At least I successfully obtained some of your refund,” said Dylan.
Mel switched her attention from the street outside the window to Dylan. She battered her black eyelashes. “You did. I thought for a few minutes I had lost my money.”
“It didn’t matter either way. The breakfast is on me. When we are done eating here, I will drive you to my place.”
“Don’t you have to go to work?”
“I do, but first, I will make sure you are comfortable. I’ll call the office and say I am running late.”
“What excuse will you make up?”
“I’ll tell the boss I had trouble with the ticket booth man.”
Mel giggled. Dylan chuckled.
A few more minutes of waiting and a young girl not much older than Mel, placed their meal on the table. Mel noticed Dylan looking the girl over more than once. He smiled at her as he took hold of the coffee mug the girl held. Intentionally or unintentionally his fingers brushed the back of the girl’s hand. She tensed at feeling the contact.
Mel played down Dylan’s lack of common decency by talking to get his attention away from the flustered girl. Already her cheeks were red from embarrassment.
“Have you been married long?”
“Six and a half years,” answered Dylan, watching the girl waitress walk away. The moment he lost sight of her; Dylan looked directly at Mel. “You have gorgeous light brown colored eyes.”
“You have a handsome face.” Mel again battered her black eyelashes.
Dylan and Mel ate a generous meal of bacon and eggs and finished off a coffee each.
Immediately after stepping out of the café, Dylan signaled for the closest taxi in the rank across the street. The engine started. The driver did a fast u-tun and parked in front of the café. Dylan opened the rear passenger door. Mel scrambled in. He placed the old suitcase in the trunk and dived in next to Mel. Any closer and he’d be sitting on her lap.
“152 The Avenue Frankston,” said Dylan.
The driver said a few words in Greek. He nodded and eased the car away from the curb. Mel had never seen Melbourne or its suburbs and felt content in watching the scenery change from city to suburbia.
In a little under forty-five minutes the taxi stopped outside a two-storey mansion in what appeared to be a narrow and quiet tarred road. The houses in the street looked expensive. The front yard of each house had well maintained green grass and flowering shrubs.
Dylan leaned sideways, whispering in Mel’s ear. “This is my place. The underground garage houses four cars. At the moment there are two. One is at the airport. The other is at the train station.” He switched his attention to the driver. “Good, Sir, if you’d be kind enough to stay here, I will return in about half an hour. I will need you to drive me back to the city.”
“I will be here,” answered the man, in his strong Greek accent.
Mel stepped down from the car and stood at the front gate to the property, watching Dylan snatch up her suitcase from out of the trunk. He grinned at Mel, walking towards her. As he walked past, his hand touched her arm.
Dylan opened the front door, disabled the house alarm and placed Mel’s old suitcase on the polished wooden floor.
“The first thing I will buy you is a descent suitcase. The old thing won’t last much longer. Don’t look so worried. The suitcase I am thinking about has four wheels and not two.” Dylan palmed his hand at the interior of the house. “Mel, make yourself at home.”
Mel’s shoes squeaked as she walked along the hallway towards the kitchen area.
“A new outfit or two will go nice with all that hair.”
“Thanks for allowing me to stay.” Mel eyeballed Dylan.
“Think nothing of it. Like I have already stated, my wife isn’t due to arrive home until next week. You can stay until then.”
“I don’t want to be an inconvenience.”
“You; never. There is plenty of food in the fridge. The stove is gas. The house has central heating so the temperature stays constant all year round. The balcony over looks the beach. If you want to brave the cold and have a swim in the bay, all you have to do is step off the veranda walk across the lawn and step onto the sand. The guest room is upstairs, next to the main bedroom. There is a shower and bathroom. Come, I will show you. I almost forgot to mention the front door alarm. To activate or disarm it, the code is 2414 #.”
“That is good to know,” said Mel.
“I will write the code on a piece of paper in case you forget the numbers.”
“I can remember the four numbers,” said Mel.
“I love a girl who is clever and beautiful. Do you feel up to attending a work function? There will be music, food, wine, plenty of people to talk to?”
“Are you inviting me?”
“I am, yes. Please say you will be my date for the evening?”
“I’d love to,” said Mel.
“Excellent. Just in case you want to go shopping for some clothes today, here is two hundred dollars. At the end of this street, you turn left. The shops are a ten-minute walk from here. I’m thinking a green dress will blend in with the color of your hair and skin. Don’t forget, your high heel shoes must match the bag you carry.”
“You have an eye for fashion,” said Mel.
Dylan took hold of Mel’s hand. He chuckled and escorted her upstairs. They entered one of the bedrooms. The square room, looked massive. A chest of drawers had been placed on one side of the window. On the other, Mel saw a free-standing full-length mirror inside a wooden oak frame. At least seven large steps from the queen size bed, a four-door closet had been stained to match the color of the oak framed mirror.
“What are your thoughts on the guest room?” asked Dylan.
“Very nice,” said Mel, slowly. “I love the wardrobe.”
“I call it a closet,” said Dylan. “Is that the only thing you love in this room?”
Mel flopped on to the bed. She squealed. “I also love this bed.”
Dylan reached out, brushing Mel’s long hair to the side. “Like I said earlier, make yourself at home. I will be back around 6:00pm. If there’s nothing else, have a relaxing day. I’ll bring home dinner.”
“Sounds like a plan,” said Mel.
Dylan and Mel walked back down the stairs. At the front door, Dylan handed Mel the front door key. He kissed her on the cheek. “I’ll see you later.”
“I will be here.” Mel shut the front door and walked to the window. She stood at the side watching Dylan Maize slide on to the front seat of the taxi. The car’s engine revved then the car and Dylan were gone.
Mel walked from room to room looking at everything. Trinkets were scattered throughout the house. Small photos in frames were on the mantel above the gas fire in the loungeroom. Mel swiped up Dylan and his wife’s wedding photo. The woman looked a few years younger than Dylan and appeared to be a little taller in her heels. She had long mouse colored hair and a nice smile. Mel grunted and replaced the photo.
Upstairs in the main bedroom, Mel saw another queen size bed. It had been positioned in front of the floor to ceiling window. The view overlooked the beach. Mel spied several people going for a walk and a couple of young school girls who had obviously wagged school and were sitting on the beach.
“I believe without a shadow of a doubt you are a pervert, Dylan Maize.”
Mel stepped into the downstairs study. The room was oblong in shape. Mel counted off ten large steps from wall to wall. Mel walked behind the bar in the corner. She helped herself to a crystal glass and filled it with whiskey. She skulled the liquid in one gulp. Placing the crystal glass on a narrow shelf underneath the bar, she saw a rectangular shaped safe, next to four, six-inch round candles and a box of matches.
“I take it the candles are for emergency lighting in case the power goes out.”
Mel attempted to open the safe by thinking up random numbers. Each time she tapped the numbers on the small numerical number pad the words ‘access denied’ flashed up on the tiny glass indicator.
Frustrated at not being able to open the safe, Mel swiped up a fifteen-year-old bottle of wine, a clean long neck crystal glass and walked back into the kitchen. She made herself a sandwich and sat in a sheltered part of the upstairs balcony, watching the waves on Port Phillip Bay.
“A toast to Dylan,” said Mel, raising her wine glass. She swallowed the contents, sat back and enjoyed the sunshine.
Hearing the doorbell ring, Mel marched downstairs to the front door. The male visitor swiped his old green hat from his bald head.
“I’m here to mow the grass,” he announced.
Mel quickly summed up the man. He looked sweaty and smelled of petrol. His drooped shoulders and his curved posture made him look at least seventy-five. The bloke came across as a tired old man who didn’t want to be working at his age.
“Mr. Maize usually leaves the garage door unlocked so I can get my mower into the backyard. It is locked.”
“Sorry, Mr. Maize must have been thinking about something else. I’ll unlock the door.”
Mel swiped up the house keys Dylan handed her and walked the man along the narrow path towards the garage. She pushed the button on the remote.
“All too easy.”
“Thank you,” said the mower man.
Mel stood in the garage waiting for the man to steer his mower past the white Mercedes sports car. The brand-new number plates and the smell of the leather polish proved the car couldn’t have been any older than a few months.
Mel sat on the upstairs balcony content in watching the man mow the lawn. Every so often she thought she saw the man looking up at her. To prove her theory was correct, she changed into her skimpy bikini. She stood at the balcony cast iron wall pretending to look out across the bay. In less than a minute the man stared at her at least four times.
“Men,” murmured Mel. “I’m freezing and all they want to do is perv.”
By the time Mel changed back into warm clothes, the mower man had packed away his noisy machine and was nowhere to be seen.
At the same time Dylan arrived home at 6:00pm, Mel was submerged in a warm bath. She held the glass of wine in her hand.
Dylan knocked on the door. “Mel, are you in there?”
“I am. You can come in. I’m in the bath covered in bubbles.”
Dylan brazenly walked in. Mel saw the man’s smirk as he watched her slowly moving her arms under the water. Mel could only guess at what he might be thinking.”
“I can tell you have had a relaxing day!”
“I have. Your house is amazing. I hope your day went well?”
“My day went okay, but I’d call it a tough day. The boss grilled me about arriving late to the office.”
“I’m sorry you got into trouble.”
“The boss changed his tune when I explained how I helped you.”
“I’m happy your day worked out in the end,” said Mel.
“Me too. The dinner is on the table.”
Mel stood and with Dylan’s help stepped out of the bath. For a long moment both looked at each other. Mel grinned mischievously trying to decide how long it might take Dylan to make a move and kiss her.
In seconds Mel felt Dylan’s lips against hers and his hands were roaming over the surface of her wet body. They seemed to touch every part of her.
Mel reached for the towel. Dylan snatched it off her and dried her back. He kissed her again.
“I’ll be down stairs in a minute.”
Dylan walked out of the room and down the stairs. When Mel arrived, fish and chips were on the menu and a half-filled glass of wine had been poured.
Mel stepped out onto the back verandah. The plastic blinds were down to the ground, blocking out the wind. The overhead heater seemed to be working overtime. “This is nice,” she said.
“It is a simple meal. I thought we could get to know each other while sitting outside.”
Mel sat opposite Dylan wearing only the short pink dressing gown she found in the closest in her room. She listened to Dylan’s small talk abut his day and what he did for a career. Mel explained all about the mower man. Dylan looked a little jealous of the bloke. Mel raised her wine glass. Dylan mirrored her move.
“To new found happiness.”
Dylan clanged his crystal wine glass against Mel’s. “To new found happiness.”
The pair swallowed the remainder of the wine, polished off the bottle and went upstairs to the bedroom.
Mel acted out the scene with professionalism. Dylan showed her love for the first time in her life. The boys at school were nothing like Dylan. He showered his love on Mel. She lapped up everything he did to her.



CHAPTER FIVE



MEL KISSED Dylan goodbye at the front door. Dylan sighed as he patted Mel’s long hair.
“You are beautiful,” he said.
“And you Dylan Maize are a great lover.”
“I’ll be home early tonight. While I’m gone, go buy a nice dress or two. Something that will match your long curly hair. The dinner at my boss’ house is at 7:00pm tonight.”
“I will be ready by 6:00pm,” announced Mel.
“I almost forgot. The safe in the study, take enough money to buy whatever you want. The combination to the safe is 2414. The same as the door alarm.”
“I will replace the change,” said Mel.
Dylan kissed Mel then walked towards his sports car. Mel heard the engine rev. She saw the taillights and waved as Dylan backed the car out of the driveway. She stood at the front door until the car disappeared.
With a glint in her eyes, Mel marched into the study and up to the rectangular shaped safe. She entered 2414 on the small front panel. She heard a click. Mel sat on the carpet staring at the contents in the safe. The entire internal area appeared to be full of money.
A quick count of one bundle made her whistle.
“Five thousand dollars.”
Mel placed all the piles of money on the carpet. She counted out at least one hundred thousand dollars. The last two items out of the safe were a small black felt box and a hand gun.
Mel studied the weapon. She discovered the gun was fully loaded. She placed the gun back into the safe and opened the small felt box. The ring she stared at had a large pink diamond in it.
“The ring must be worth a fortune.”
Mel replaced almost all of the money and the ring in the safe and shut the door.
“I have five thousand dollars in my hand,” she whispered. “The money, the ring and the gun will be great compensation for me entertaining Dylan each and every night.”
Mel changed into shorts and a button up shirt, slid her feet into runners and walked along the avenue, past the quaint houses with manicured front yards towards Frankston.
“Dylan did say the walk to the shops should take no longer than ten minutes. For a man, he just happened to be correct.”
Mel crossed the busy main road that ran parallel to the large shopping complex. She opened the glass door for an elderly lady and followed her in.
The shop fronts were expertly decorated. Each large window displayed what the shop sold. Mel walked past several clothes shops before stopping outside a jewelry shop. For a short time, Mel watched the female assistant walking back and forth to the windows placing trays of earrings, watches and rings in the window display. She pondered the question; did they make a decent amount for their labor? Deciding they probably worked for a miser amount, Mel heard the metal shutter in front of the glass door opening.
Mel walked into the shop and stood at the counter waiting to be served.
“Good morning, how may I help you today?”
The person behind the voice looked no older than seventeen. The girl’s attire appeared impressive. Mel surmised the ring on each finger and the silver earrings hanging from her earlobes were borrowed from the display tray in the window.
“I saw the light on and stopped to ask the cost of a pink diamond ring?” asked Mel.
“It all depends on the size of the diamond. Then there is the setting to consider,” answered the girl.
“Do you have any on display?”
“Follow me to the other side of the shop. We only have a few. They are expensive.”
The girl opened the brightly lit glass cabinet. She placed a tray of rings on the counter. “We have two in here at the moment. Both are worth five thousand dollars.”
“The ring I saw recently had a larger diamond.”
“Impressive. The ring could be worth anything from three thousand dollars up to fifty thousand dollars. My boss, the owner of the shop, she will be here in about an hour. She can tell you an exact price.”
“Thanks for your time.”
Mel marched out of the shop and towards the next clothes shop. She saw in the window a nice short off the shoulder dress, the color of grass in the autumn. With the money supplied by Dylan, her long curly hair, long silver earrings and a silver necklace, matching shoes and bag and bright red lipstick, Mel knew Dylan would see her as extremely irresistible.
Mel again stepped up to the counter. The middle-aged woman looked up.
“Yes, dear, can I help you?”
“I believe so, yes. The dress displayed in the window; do you have it in a size nine?”
“I’ll go take a look out the back of the shop. I won’t be a moment.”
Mel walked over to the window display. Glancing over her shoulder for the sales lady and not seeing her, she stepped into the window display and checked the size of the dress on the mannequin. Mel stepped up to the counter in time to see the lady walking back into the shop. She looked little embarrassed and shook her head as she spoke.
“I am sorry, we are out of that particular size dress. Maybe I can find another dress you might like to try on?’
“I had pinned my hope on that particular style of dress,” explained Mel. “What size is the dress on the mannequin in the window?”
“I actually don’t know. I only work here once a week. I will go take a look for you.”
“Thanks.” Mel rolled her eyes and followed the lady to the window.
“Good, heavens, you are one lucky girl. This dress is a size nine.”
“I’ll try it on,” said Mel.
In a few minutes Mel stood in the ladies’ change room, in front of the full-length mirror admiring the dress.
“How does it fit?” asked the sales lady, from the other side of the closed door.
“Perfectly,” answered Mel. “I’ll buy it.”
“Right-oh!” said the sales lady.
Mel changed back into her everyday clothes and stepped up to the counter. “I don’t suppose you have a silver-colored bag and high heels to match the color of the dress?”
“Our accessories are located on the right-hand side of the shop. We have several rows of what you might find.”
Mel picked up a small silver glow mesh bag. She saw four inch stilettoes on a rack and slipped her feet into them.
“Did you find what you were looking for?” asked the sales lady, watching Mel step up to the counter.
“I did. Thank you for your help today.”
“My pleasure. The total of the three items is seven hundred and forty-two dollars even. Will you be paying by cash or credit card?”
“I’ll pay cash,” said Mel.
The sales lady raised her eyebrows at hearing the word, ‘cash.’
Mel handed over the money and snatched up the two bags.
“Have a nice day,” said the sales lady.
“You too. Thanks again for the great service.”
Mel walked out of the shop, across the busy main road and made her way home. The moment she turned into ‘The Avenue’ she saw the curtains of the first house move. The old woman who lived in the house didn’t hide the fact she stood at the window watching Mel. Outside house number eighty-three, an old man with a long bushy grey beard and smoking a pipe stood at his front hedge. He couldn’t stop watching Mel walking past his house.
Mel used her peripheral vison to watch him. He stood as a statue, not blinking. Just watching. Mel couldn’t help herself.
“Good morning,” Mel called. She waved at the man.
The old man ducked out of sight, but kept up his vigil from a squat position.
The remainder of the day stayed uneventful. Mel pushed the remainder of the five thousand dollars into the belly of her stuffed rabbit. She smirked at her secret.
Mel made a mid-morning snack then lunch. She ate sitting on the verandah out of the wind. At 3:00 in the afternoon she went upstairs and filled the bath. At 4:30pm she started getting ready.
At exactly 6:00pm Mel heard the front door open. She turned off the TV and walked towards Dylan. He lapped up every step she made.
“You look amazing!” said Dylan.
“Thank you.”
“Did you have any trouble from the neighbors?”
“Some, but nothing too upsetting.”
“The old man with the long bushy grey beard pervs on all the chicks in the street,” said Dylan.
“I noticed.”
“I have told him off several times this year a lone for staring at my wife. I swear the man is mentally unstable.”
Mel kissed Dylan square on the lips in an attempt to gain more of his attention and to get off the subject of the neighbor with the beard.
“Your lips felt very nice.”
“There are plenty more kisses left.”
“I’ll keep you to your words. The only thing is; Mel, there is a couple of items missing. A few items actually. In my bedroom on my wife’s side of the bed there is a jewelry box. In it, there are silver earrings and a long solid silver necklace. You can borrow them. I will have a quick shower and we can be out of here in thirty minutes. I do like arriving at a work function early. Especially when we are going to my boss’ house.”
Mel followed Dylan upstairs. He peeled away and entered the bathroom. Mel stood at the doorway to the main bedroom, reminiscing the scene of their love making the previous night. She exhaled a satisfactory sigh and walked towards the jewelry box.
Lifting the necklace out of the box, Mel’s eyes sparkled. “Very nice. One way or another I am going to think up a way to have this beauty in my possession forever.”
Mel studied her image in the mirror. Dylan, completely naked walked up behind Mel and pushed his manhood against her thigh.
“The diamonds are real. I bought the necklace for my wife a while back. She has never worn it. She complained the thing is too heavy. The diamond necklace is worth seven thousand dollars. The long earrings are worth five hundred each.”
“The items are lovely!”
Mel sat on the bed watching Dylan get dressed. Again, she fantasied about making love to the man.
“Both the grey suit and tie helps you to look quite debonaire.” Mel walked over to Dylan. She kissed him passionately.
“I bought this suit for a special occasion. My wife, Sharon, hasn’t been home long enough for me to wear it.”
“You have never spoken your wife’s name until now,” said Mel.
“Haven’t I?”
“No, never.”
“You sound jealous.”
“Maybe slightly.”
“You are a better lover than her,” admitted Dylan.
“That’s good to know. I don’t ever want you to feel cheated.”
“You are more than enough. Have I mentioned Sharon has a lover?”
“No, you didn’t.”
“She does. Sharon doesn’t know; I know. She meets up with the man most Sundays at the local church steps. He drives her to is small ship docked at the marina closer to the city, for a few hours. I know this is true. I asked a good friend of mine to follow her. He told me the bloke looks rich. He even managed to take a photo of Sharon and the bloke kissing.”
“That makes both of you even.”
“I suppose it does. Shall we go? The clock doesn’t stop for anyone.”



CHAPTER SIX



A QUICK fifteen-minute drive further along the coast road; Dylan parked his sports car in the driveway of a white three storey mansion on the esplanade. The house, located on the crest of a hill, overlooked the bay. In the distance the lights of the Melbourne skyscrapers could be seen. The scene reminded Mel of the embers rising in the dark from the bonfire on the 4th of July.
Mel stepped down from the car. The wind buffeted the ends of her long hair.
Watching Mel through glazed eyes, Dylan appeared hypnotized.
“Are you okay?” asked Mel.
“I feel fine. The wind blowing your hair has escalated your beauty. Mel, you are the most gorgeous young lady I have ever seen.”
Mel giggled. Inwardly, she craved for more compliments. A tingling sensation roamed throughout her body. She again giggled at the feeling. At long last she finally felt loved.
“I’m extremely happy we met. It must have been fate.”
“I am happy we met too.” Dylan slid his arm around Mel’s waist. He reeled her in and kissed her.
“Get a room you two,” called a deep voice.
Mel and Dylan looked at the front door to the house at the same time. Mel saw a middle-aged man staring at her. His dark stylish haircut, his grey pants and the white open necked shirt he wore helped to make him look quite handsome. Just like Dylan, the man displayed a smirk. Mel pushed her hair from her face.
“The bloke is my boss. He owns this mansion,” Dylan explained.
“We better go inside the house,” whispered Mel.
The pair walked along the narrow slate path towards the front door, climbed the six steps and greeted the owner of the house.
“Welcome to my humble abode. Dylan, who in the world is this lovely creature?”
“This young lady is Mel,” said Dylan.
“It is a pleasure to meet such an attractive woman. I’m Dylan’s boss, Glenn Higgins. I insist you call me Glenn.”
“Hello,” said Mel.
“Wow! Even your voice sounded angelic. Come inside. Join the festivities. Help yourself to wine, food, a bedroom, anything you want. The location of the bar is at the other end of the passageway and on the left-hand side of the pool. You can’t miss it. The young man behind the bar will pour any drink you fancy.”
“Sounds delightful,” said Mel.
“If you will tear yourself away from Dylan just for a few minutes, I want to talk shop,” said Glenn.
“I will be at the bar.”
Mel watched the two men enter a room. Glenn Higgins shut the door. Mel didn’t get a chance to walk towards the door in a hope of listening to their conversation; a teenage girl carrying a tray of half-filled wine glasses stepped up to Mel and thrust the tray at her. Mel then spied several young girls walking around, each carrying a tray of food.
Mel snatched a glass of white wine from off the tray and walked down the long passageway towards the outside where the music sounded extra loud.

# # # # # #

“Dylan Maize you son of a gun. Where did you meet Mel? How did you meet her? She is gorgeous. Have you screwed her yet?” quizzed Glenn.
“I have. She is great. We met at the train station. She looked lost. I helped her out.”
“Hey, mate, does Sharon know?”
“No, she doesn’t and you better not tell her.”
“I promise to keep the chick a secret. Tell me, is Sharon still banging some rich bloke?” Glenn Higgins probed.
“She is, yes.”
“I’d say that is fair. Hey, if you ever get tired of Mel, send her my way. I’m still single.”
“No way. She’s mine.”
“A while back you state you will never divorce Sharon. Are you thinking of changing your mind?”
“Never. It will cost me too much. I’m going to have Mel on the side. She will be my mistress until the day I die. Provided I keep her on a tight chain, Sharon will never find out. If she does, I know you told her.”
“Cheeky bloke. Take some advice from one who is wise about women. Make sure the two ladies never meet. Mel can’t be in your house. Sharon will know. Set Mel up in a house not far from where you live. Trust me, it is for the best. You can come and go whenever you want.”
“Good idea. Sharon arrives home from oversees in a few days. Mel smells divine, but you are correct, my house must be fresh. Sharon can smell toast cooking from the beach.”
“I tell you what, there is a small house no more than a five-minute drive from where you live. It is quaint. I know the real estate bloke who is trying to sell it. I’ll put in a good word for you. I will pay the real estate bloke the money for the house. Pay me back whenever you can.”
“Thanks mate,” said Dylan.
“I’ll make a phone call tonight. By tomorrow, Mel can move in.”
“Even better.”
“You will need to buy some furniture, a bed, pots, pans, etc.”
Glenn Higgins walked over to the wall safe. He placed a magnetic activator against the left-hand side of the safe. He heard a click and the rectangular shaped door swung open. Glenn swiped a bundle of notes from off the top shelf and counted out three thousand dollars. He handed the lot to Dylan.
“There is a lot of money in your safe. Shouldn’t it be in the bank?”
“No way. All those piles of money are from cash sales. If I bank what is in the safe, I will have to pay tax,” said Glenn.
“Thanks for the loan. I think it is time to rescue Mel from the males in the crowd.”

# # # # # #

Mel placed the empty wine glass on the bar. The young male serving the drinks winked at her. Mel smiled back.
“Can I make you a different drink?”
“A whisky on the rocks,” said Mel.
“You don’t come across as a typical whisky girl.”
“Educate me on what you think a girl like me should drink?”
“Let me see. I can easily tell you are young and beautiful. A girl who is searching for love. You want to have a good time.”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
The young man leaned closer, beckoning Mel to copy his move. He whispered in her ear. “I have no idea what a gorgeous girl such as yourself might like to drink. I use the line to meet girls.”
Mel leaned back away from the young man. She giggled. He chuckled.
“I love the conversation starter.”
“It works every time.” The young man placed the whisky on the rocks in front of Mel. His fingers brushed the back of her hand.
“I hope you weren’t flirting with the hired help?” questioned a balding older man. He looked down his nose at Mel.
“No,” said Mel, shaking her head. “The barman and I were having a chat while he made me a drink.”
“And now you have it, I think you should go mingle with the other party goers.”
“Who might you be? Are you Glenn’s brother?”
“No. I am the boss of the hired help. I am here to keep them away from the party guests.”
As Mel walked away from the bar, she looked over her shoulder at the barman. She winked. He grinned. Then she saw the young man wink back.
Mel stood next to the large inground pool, sipping her whisky on the rocks and watching the late teen girls dancing to the latest song. All the men were wearing a suit with an open neck shirt. Only a few men were dancing with a lady. The remainder had congregated next to the dolphin water feature. Water trickled out of its mouth and into the concrete base directly underneath the dolphin. Several large goldfish swam around in circles searching for food. Mel watched the men roar with laughter and pointing to the few men who were brave enough to try their luck at dancing.
Mel switched her attention to the girls. Each one wore a short dress and had been dolled up for the occasion.
‘Obviously they were expected to wear an expensive dress and be paraded in front of Glenn Higgins,’ thought Mel.
“I see you found the bar?”
Mel looked at the man who had spoken to her. “Glenn!”
“I didn’t mean to shock you. I apologize.”
“I didn’t expect your meeting with Dylan to be finished so soon.”
“There were only a few minor details we needed to iron out. No big deal. Dylan has gone to the loo. He will be here in a minute. Are you and Dylan close friends?” asked Glenn.
“Reasonably,” answered Mel.
“Come, I will show you around my mansion.”
Glenn took hold of Mel’s hand and escorted her from room to room. He showed off the kitchen where the bite size snacks were being cooked. Several ladies were busy, placing the snacks on trays and handing them to the waitresses when they entered the room with an empty tray. Glenn escorted Mel out of the kitchen and into the formal dining room. The carpet, the color of cream felt spongy. The large square room had a long table with twelve chairs pushed hard against it. Glenn walked Mel down the passageway towards the front door. With the stairs on their left, they stepped into another square room on their right.
A five-seat red leather settee had been positioned under the window with a long stem lamp at either end. A small glass coffee table was in front of a leather recliner seat. Along one wall Mel took more than a casual interest in the book case full of books. Especially the near new condition of the complete series of encyclopedia.
“This room is the formal study. Many business transactions have been signed in this room,” said Glenn.
“I like the look of this room,” said Mel.
“The safe you are looking at can’t be opened by anyone, but me.” Glenn produced a magnetic applicator. “The magnet on the end of this narrow plastic tube activates the door lock mechanism on the safe. I am the only one who has one and this beauty never comes off from around my neck except when I take a shower or I am making love to a gorgeous young lady.”
“I’m not contemplating robbing you,” stated Mel, all too quickly.
Glenn chuckled. Mel didn’t understand the funny side of what she said.
“I like to boast about my safe,” said Glenn.
“I’d be boasting too if I had planned how to stop a thief from stealing everything in my safe.”
“There you are,” said Dylan. He stepped into the room carrying a half empty wine glass.
“Mel is cute when she scrunches her nose,” said Glenn. “I’ll leave you two in peace. I have a phone call to make about the house.”
“I hope you hear good news,” said Dylan.
Mel watched Glenn Higgins walk towards the study room door. As he looked over his shoulder, Mel could tell he was sizing her up, studying her from head to feet. She saw him lick his lips. Glenn flashed her a look, walked out of the room, pulling the door shut.
“What do you think of my boss’ home?” asked Dylan.
“Expensive.”
“Yes. Glenn Higgins likes to live the high life.”
“Dylan, what’s going on? What’s the Goss about a house?” asked Mel.
“Sharon is arriving home on Tuesday morning. You can’t be in the house. No offence, though you are beautiful and I love the womanly scent you leave all over the house, I must disperse the smell. If Sharon gets a whiff that another woman has been in the house, there will be hell to pay.”
“What’s the big deal? You told me she has a lover. When she is in Melbourne, I have to share you with her.”
“My love, don’t be upset. Sharon is busy most days. We will see plenty of each other.”
“You haven’t told me anything about the house?”
“If all goes according to plan, by tomorrow you will be in your very own house.”
“You are buying me a house?”
“Yes.”
“Wow!”
“Now I want you to smile. I don’t like it when you look sad. Your light brown eyes lose all their sparkle.”
At the window in front of the settee, Mel kissed Dylan passionately. She could feel him already aroused. She decided to push him over the edge. Mel used her left hand to unbutton Dylan’s belt. He easily picked up on the signal. Dylan pulled up Mel’s short dress and flopped her on to the settee.
In the heat of passion, the study door opened.
Mel didn’t squeal. She just lay under Dylan watching Glenn enter the room.
“Don’t mind me. The real estate bloke has agreed to sell the house to you, Dylan, provided I hand over thirty thousand dollars, tonight.”
Mel watched Glenn walk across the floor to the safe. She saw him place the magnetic applicator against the other magnet on the edge of the safe’s door. Glenn opened the door and quickly gathered up thirty thousand dollars. Before he closed the door, Mel spied the contents of the safe. Piles of money, she estimated could be more than two hundred thousand dollars, a gold bar and a small gun were in the safe.
With Glenn still in the room, Dylan finished his love making. Mel straightened her dress feeling like a prized cow at the Melbourne show. Standing at the window, Dylan’s straight posture showed off he felt proud of his achievement.
Glenn slapped Dylan on the shoulder, eyeing off Mel.
“I’ll leave the room. I have to go to the ladies,” explained Mel. She snatched up her shoulder bag, marched out of the room and down the passageway.
“What is she like?” asked Glenn.
“One very nice girl,” answered Dylan.
“You look like you could use a wine. Get Mel one too. I just had a thought. To hide Mel from Sharon, she can stay here in my house. Upstairs I have five vacant bedrooms.”
“You are a great friend.”
“I’m not just your boss.”
“Mel and I will pack up her stuff in the morning.”
“Come for breakfast,” suggested Glenn.
“We will be here.”
“On Monday, take the day off. Mel will need to buy furniture.”
Hearing the door bell ringing over the noise of the thumping music, Glenn marched out of the study room. “The real estate bloke is here. All you have to do is sign the paper work.”
Dylan followed Glenn to the front door. A man of average height wearing a suit and tie stood with his hands in his pants pockets. A manilla folder was tucked securely under his left arm.
“Good evening,” said the man. “We spoke on the phone about the sale of a quaint weatherboard house in beach street Frankston. I’m Jeff Pearson.”
“Hello, Jeff. I am Glenn Higgins, this man standing on my left is Dylan Maize. He is the one buying the house.”
“I hope you have the cash?”
“I do. Come in and we can make the transaction,” said Glenn.
The three men walked into the study, leaving the front door wide open.
“My wife is in the car. We were going out for dinner. Can we make this fast?” suggested Jeff.
“Certainly.” Glenn pulled out of his coat pocket three bundles of money. He dropped them on the coffee table then palmed his hand at the settee. “It will be easier to count the money while sitting. Each bundle contains ten thousand dollars.”
At the same time as Jeff counted the money, Glenn and Dylan read over the bill of sale. They had signed and dated the forms a long time before Jeff finally finished counting. He bundled the money into one pile and looked a little sheepish.
“Is there something I can hide the money in?”
Glenn clicked his fingers. “I have just the thing. I won’t be a moment.”
Jeff and Dylan watched Glenn march across the floor and out into the passageway. In the narrow closet next to the open front door, they saw Glenn snatch up a small blue bag. He pulled out the golf balls and a container of ‘T’s’ and walked back into the room.
“I won the bag in a silent auction last week. A nice young lady insisted I go to a trivia night. Boring as old heck, but I won the golf bag. I don’t play golf so you might as well use it to hide the money.”
Jeff dropped the money in the bag and zipped the flap closed. He grabbed the manilla folder from Dylan, smiled at the easy sale and handed over the keys to the front and back door to the house.
“Enjoy the house. It has been vacant for six months. The owners drove to Queensland to buy something in the warm climate. They were excited when I told them of the cash sale. They wanted a little more, but I convinced them the cash sale will save them money. I also hinted a golden opportunity only comes around once in a while.”
“Thanks for the placing your night on hold for a few minutes,” said Glenn.
“My commission will paint a smile on my wife’s face.”
Jeff Pearson shook Dylan’s and Glenn’s hand. He skipped his way down the stairs to the car parked in the driveway. He squeezed his wife’s cheek then kissed her. The engine started and they motored down the road.
“Awesome stroke of luck,” said Glenn.
Dylan looked at the house keys in the palm of his hand. “This is a cause for celebration.”
“First thing Monday, we can take Mel shopping for furniture. I’m also thinking she should stay here tonight. Dylan, you collect all her stuff and be back here in time for breakfast,” said Glenn.
“Thanks for your help. I’ll go find Mel and tell her the good news.”



CHAPTER SEVEN



THE SUN started peeking over the horizon. The sky already appeared to be on fire. Dylan Maize pushed the button on Glenn Higgins’ side wall next to his front door. Hearing the sound of the deep chimes, he stepped back. He turned a little and watched the view of the bay. With the jealous feeling erupting inside his brain over what might have transpired between his boss and Mel during the night, he stepped up to the front door and rang the bell a second time.
The chandelier above the front door highlighted the white tiles. Dylan heard the front door chain rattling then saw the front door open a tad. A young lady with long hair looked through the gap.
“Mel. It’s me, Dylan.”
Mel opened the door and wrapped her arms around his neck. She kissed him.
“This is a lovely way to begin the day,” said Dylan.
“I missed you.”
Dylan pushed Mel to arm’s length. He looked down on her. “What are you wearing?”
“Glenn’s dressing gown. I don’t like the color.”
“Dark blue makes you look cheap.”
“I hope you don’t think anything happened between Glenn and me last night?”
“It did enter my thoughts that you slept with Glenn.”
“No way. What made you think such a thing?”
“You took a long time to open the front door.”
“I slept in the guest room on the third floor. It does take time to walk down the stairs, especially when I had a hangover.”
“Dylan, my main man. You are just in time for breakfast. I heard the door bell, but I was in the middle of cooking breakfast. Mel, Dylan, the bacon and eggs are on the table. I also cooked up some pancakes.”
“Sounds great.” Mel took hold of Dylan’s hand. She scrunched her nose hoping the act might put him at ease. “I did miss you. Did you sleep well?”
“Okay I suppose.”
“Did you bring my stuff. What little I own.”
“The lot is in the car.”
Mel hugged Dylan tight as they walked towards the kitchen.
“How about we go sit outside near the pool,” suggested Glenn.
The trio grabbed their breakfast plate and wandered outside. They sat at the table behind the opaque plastic blinds enjoying the warm air from the overhead heaters.
“Judging the red sky earlier, I’d say in a few hours it will be raining,” mentioned Dylan.
“The weatherman did predict rain today,” said Glenn.
Mel finished her breakfast and started picking up the glasses scattered about the pool area from the work function the previous night.
“Leave the mess,” said Glenn. “In a couple of hours, the cleaners will arrive. Every time I have a work function, I employ them to clean up. It is part of the business and a great tax deduction. My accountant records the cost as spoilage.”
Mel pushed her hands into the pockets of her dressing gown. “I will go upstairs and change. I am eager to see my house.”
“We can leave in an hour,” suggested Glenn.
The two men watched Mel walk bare foot back into the house. When she started up the stairs Dylan lost his friendliness.
“I hope nothing happened between you and Mel last night?”
“What do mean?”
“You know what I mean!”
“If you think I would stoop that low as to screw Mel behind your back, you are sadly mistaken.” Glenn leaned back in his chair and lit a cigarette.
“How did she get your dressing gown?”
“I loaned it to her. All her clothes were at your place. She had to wear something this morning. Don’t worry. I slept with another lady last night.”
“Who?”
“Brenda.”
“I don’t know a Brenda.”
“I didn’t either until last night. I don’t know her last name. Apparently, she is the younger cousin of Cynthia from dispatch. She mentioned she wanted to be employed in my company. Dylan, between you, me, and the walls of this house, she was one nice screw. I’m going to place her in admin.”
“Is she still here?”
“No. She went home at 4:00am. What a gem.”
In fifty-five minutes, the two men were escorting Mel to the car. They travelled along beach road towards Frankston. The waves on the bay appeared to be growing. The strong wind easily chopped the crest of each wave. The boats on the water were bobbing furiously.
Only a four-minute drive from Dylan’s house, Glenn parked the car outside a quaint single storey weatherboard house. The front yard looked plain. The concrete driveway had seen better days. Still, Mel felt ecstatic the house belonged to her.
“Let’s go inside,” said Glenn.
The interior of the house looked old. Two bedrooms, a small laundry, a narrow broom cupboard and a kitchen that looked a little worse for wear.
“At least the toilet is inside the house,” said Dylan.
“I love it!” Mel said with a squeal.
“Comparing my huge mansion to this place, there is quite a large difference.,” said Glenn.
“I don’t mind. This house has possibilities,” said Mel.
“Tomorrow, first thing, we can go shopping for furniture,” said Dylan. “That reminds me, Sharon called. She is coming home tonight. Glenn, if it is okay with you, can Mel stay one more night?”
“She can, yes.”
“I won’t be able to take Mel shopping. Can you do it for me?”
“What are friends for?”
“Mel, I have to leave. My place needs airing,” said Dylan.
“I’ll give you a hand,” said Glenn.
“I’ll be here when you return,” said Mel.
“I will drop you off at my mansion. At least you can watch the TV. I’ll see to dinner when I arrive home,” said Glenn.
Dylan dropped Mel’s suitcase full of clothes on the floor. He handed her the stuffed rabbit with the money in it.
“You bought my stuffed rabbit!”
“I did. Why do you still have a stuffed rabbit? The limbs and belly look to have been ripped and sewn up by hand.”
“I forgot I had the old thing. When my furniture is delivered, I’ll throw it in the bin.”
“Shall we go?” asked Glenn.
Mel felt the legs of her rabbit for her money. Satisfied the rabbit still hid her secret, Mel displayed a poker face as she closed and locked the front door.
The two men and Mel walked towards the car. Mel sat in the rear directly behind Glenn. All the while Glenn drove the car back to his house, Mel listened in on the conversation he and Dylan were having. Hearing only about their work, she sat back and watched the view of the bay.
Glenn parked his car in the driveway of his mansion. Mel stepped down and watched the two men drive off. She hummed to herself as she opened the front door, walked in and closed the door behind her.
“I think a swim in the heated pool then a nice soak in the bath will be exactly what the doctor ordered.”

# # # # # #

Mel filled the bath. She lit a few large candles she found on the glass shelf above the vanity. Five minutes into her warm bath, she heard a knock on the door. Before she could say anything, the door opened. Glenn walked across the tiled floor and hovered over the bath.
Mel’s cheeks flushed bright red. “I did hope to be out of the bathroom before you arrived home.”
“Good timing on my part. Mel, we need to have a talk.”
“Can it wait until I get out of the bath?”
“No, the talk can’t wait. I am a confirmed bachelor. You are a gorgeous young lady. A flirt, but nevertheless you are beautiful. Dylan is one lucky man. If I had met you instead of him, everything you see inside this house could have been yours.”
“What are you trying to say?” asked Mel.
“Leave Dylan and move in with me.”
“I love Dylan. I could never leave him. He has treated me with dignity.”
“He is a married man.”
“I believe he will leave his wife and soon. The day he does, I will take her place.”
“Are you positive?”
“I hope so.”
“Girl, you owe me.”
“How so?”
“I put up the money so Dylan can buy you a house. I have allowed you to make yourself at home. You did. It is Sunday, early evening. Tomorrow 9:00am sharp, I am going to take you shopping for furniture.”
“Thank you for your generosity,” said Mel.
“You can either let me make love to you or you can leave. There is nowhere to go. The temperature outside is cooling from the storm that is going to hit in about an hour.”
“I think you should allow me to get out of the bath.”
“I will be in the next room waiting to hear what you decide.”
Mel watched Glenn close the bathroom door. She heard his footsteps fade. As she dried herself with the towel, she carefully weighed up about her two options.
Exhaling a sigh, Mel walked out of the bathroom and entered the next room. She stood in the doorway. She watched Glenn watching her. She walked across the carpet to the bed. She leaned forward and kissed him.
“You are correct. I do owe you. Whenever you talk to Dylan, please don’t tell him our secret.”
“I will take our secret to my grave,” said Glenn.



CHAPTER EIGHT



DYLAN SAT in the rear seat, clutching Mel’s hand. Glenn drove the car towards Frankston. He never twitched at what had transpired the previous night.
“Everyone is quiet this morning,” mentioned Dylan.
“I have a lot on my mind,” admitted Glenn.
Mel looked at Dylan. She kissed him. “I feel a bit neglected.”
“I promise I will make it up to you,” said Dylan.
“I know you will.”
“Glenn, I have to leave for the airport. Sharon is arriving in two hours. Will you be able to help Mel pick out the furniture and have it delivered today?”
“I will do my best.”
Glenn parked his car outside a large building, Mel estimated the size might be more than one hundred feet long. From her seat on the rear passenger side of the car, Mel studied the many display windows. She ascertained the shop probably sold everything she needed.
Dylan stepped down from the car. “Okay, buddy, I’ll see you at the office tomorrow.”
“Will do.”
Glenn and Mel watched Dylan hail a taxi. The car made a U-turn. He got in and leaning forward, he said something to the driver. Then the car took off at speed towards the Melbourne airport.
Glenn opened the car door for Mel. The moment she stepped down onto the parking lot, Glenn took hold of Mel’s hand. Together they walked the short distance to the building’s main entrance.
For the next hour Glenn walked Mel around the store. They picked out a settee, kitchen table and chairs, pots, pans, towels, bed linen then the bed.
Nearing the cashier, Mel stepped in Glenn’s path. She eyeballed his smug expression. “I did what you wanted. I allowed you to make love to me. We are even,” whispered Mel.
“We will never be even, my dear girl. My offer still stands. Move in with me.”
“No.”
“Do you honestly think Dylan is the man for you?”
“I do, yes.”
“Have a good think about my proposal when you are lying in bed alone night after night while Dylan makes love to his wife and not you. In the morning the bed will be cold. You will have breakfast alone and have a lonely day. On the other hand, I can be home with you all day every day. We could eat at nice restaurants. Make love each night and in the morning, I could cook you a lovely breakfast. We can eat, sitting next to the pool.”
“I still say no to your proposal.”
“Have a good think about what I have just said. When you decide my house is better than the old thing Dylan bought you, come see me. You know where I live.”
“I will walk to my place and wait for my furniture to arrive,” said Mel. She made a move to walk away.
“Not even a parting kiss? No, thank you for helping me today,” hinted Glenn.
“Thank you,” said Mel, in a monotone voice.
Glenn followed Mel out of the building. Mel walked off towards her house while Glenn got into his car and drove home. He’d wait for Mel to come knocking on his door. When she did, she would be all his and she will do exactly what he wanted, when he wanted.

# # # # # #

Mel sat on the wooden floor of her quaint little house waiting for her furniture to arrive. She sobbed quietly. She fumed at the idea Glenn Higgins had successfully blackmailed her. She thought about the boys who paid for the privilege of a peep. Glenn had yet to give her a cent for what he did. He called it making love. She called it rape. If she talked to the police, she knew what they would say.
‘She consented to the man’s advances. They might even suggest she planned the entire love scene.’
“I have been blackmailed into silence by the cunning man.”
Mel forced herself to stop sobbing and feeling sorry for herself. She walked around the two-bedroom house. The floorboards were in need of a polish. The walls needed a paint. The kitchen area looked clean, but dusty due to the fact the house had been vacant for six months. The backyard needed quite a few bright flowering plants and a good mow of the grass. The mower man had kept the front yard looking good until a potential buyer could be found.
Mel saw the lady from next door. She walked over to the side fence and said hello. The middle-aged woman with the long dark ponytail sounded cheerful. She said, ‘welcome to the area.’ She went on to explain about Mel’s other neighbor.
“The woman on the other side of your house is a spinster. She is rarely seen.”
“Is she alive?”
“Very much so. Every Wednesday I see her walking towards the shops. She is an artist. I’ve seen her work. Each painting is lovely.”
“How long have you been living next to my house?”
“Twelve months, give or take a few days. I am going oversees shortly. I will be gone for a couple of years. Don’t tell anyone my house will be vacant.”
“I won’t.”
Mel heard a truck rumbling closer; she said a quick goodbye and watched the large truck stop outside her house.
“Afternoon,” said the driver. “We have a lot of furniture for you.”
Mel summed up the three men in the truck as good mates. At least two of the men acted decent. They both wore shorts and dark blue singlet. The third man constantly eyeballed Mel every time he walked past her. On one occasion he raised his eyebrows at her. He even went out of his way to pat her on the arse.
Mel decided she had put up with him long enough. She sat on a chair in the front yard waiting for the men to finish the delivery.
“Thank you for a job well done.”
Mel signed the delivery docket and watched them drive away. After closing the front door, she sat at the kitchen table contemplating how to get back at Glenn Higgins for what he did.
“Murdering the man is not an option. If I am caught, I will go to prison for a very long time. What I am going to do is get that safe open and steal the contents. Yes, the money will compensate me for what he did. Provided he can’t describe me, the cops will not be able to prove a thing. Thanks for the idea, Constable Wisely. One thing is to believe you know something; the other is being able to prove it.”
Mel swiped up her house key. Hearing the bang of a door closing and the artist lady walking towards the shops looking more like a man than a woman, Mel knew exactly what to do.
“I need to go shopping.”



CHAPTER NINE



MEL FINISHED writing her shopping list and made sure she didn’t forget an item. She needed to buy several electrical ties, a black zip up shoulder bag, rectangular in shape. She must have a glass cutter and a large plastic bag. Six glass tumblers, a hammer, a two-foot-tall tree, a wooden garden stake and a thin nylon rope. Preferably black. The last items on her list were a short handle spade, black jeans, a black jumper with a hood and a Halloween mask.
Mel joined in on the influx of shoppers. She walked around the large shopping complex, wandering in and out of shops. Slowly she managed to tick off her shopping list. The clothes shop closest to the main entrance had a large plastic shopping bag. Mel placed all her goods into the one bag and walked out of the complex. The only item she couldn’t buy was the glass cutter. Seeing a second-hand goods shop, Mel walked in and up to the main counter.
“May I help you?” asked the elderly man standing behind the counter.
“I hope so. I am looking for a glass cutter.”
“I see,” said the man. “It is a strange request.”
“You’d never believe me if I told you what I wanted it for,” said Mel.
“Try me!”
“We are having an arts competition at school. I want to make something different.” Mel pulled out of her large bag a glass tumbler. “I’m going to attempt to cut a hole in the side of this tumbler and wedge the glass cutter in the hole.”
“What is the meaning behind the idea?”
“The glass tumbler represents a window. The thief cuts a hole in the glass with intentions of robbing the house.”
The elderly man chuckled at the idea. “I have an old one out the rear of the shop. I will get it for you.”
“Thank you,” called Mel, watching the man hobble through an archway in the wall.
The man returned brandishing a bewildered expression. “Take the glass cutter for free. I hope you win the competition.”
Mel thanked the man for the second time. She smiled and walked out of the shop. In double quick time she walked home.
Mel dug a three-foot-deep hole in the rear corner of the property. She prepared the small tree for transferring into the hole by loosening the dirt in the pot, pushed the wooden garden stake into the ground near the hole and went back inside the house.
From the kitchen window, Mel watched the black clouds rolling in from the other side of the bay. She then walked into her bedroom and dressed in her black jeans and black jumper. The over-size shirt she bought help to make her look like a man. The material easily hid her womanly shape; in case someone actually saw her arrive or leave Glenn Higgins’ house.
On the kitchen table, Mel used the hammer to break three glass tumblers. She brushed the glass fragments into the zip up bag. The glass cutter, she also dropped into the bag. She looped two electrical ties together then dropped them into the bag. She felt confident Glenn Higgins’ broom will slow him down from escaping the bathroom; if only for several seconds.
Exactly 5:00pm, Mel closed the front door to her house. With the zip bag over her shoulder, she walked towards Glenn Higgins’ mansion. With any luck she should arrive at his place in forty minutes. On the way she found a hand size rock on the ground. Mel squatted, unzipped the bag and dropped the rock into her bag.
At 5:50pm the heavens opened. Mel pulled the hoody over her head and kept to the shadows. The lightning and the thunder made sure everyone stayed indoors. Whenever a car came along, Mel hugged the darker parts of the scrub.
Mel slipped along the edge of the bushes that fringed Glenn’s driveway. At the garage door she studied the area. She felt satisfied with the lack of foot traffic and cars going past the house she did arrive undetected.
Mel tried to open the small door to the garage. “I’m not surprised the door is locked,” she mumbled.
Mel saw the light in the ensuite brighten. She knew to hurry. Glenn liked his long showers, but the clock was ticking. Without hesitation, Mel walked to the side gate closest to the pool area. She reached out and turned the handle. Glenn had locked the gate for the evening. In the rain and the thunder, Mel jumped two feet off the ground and climbed up and over the gate.
The dead side of the house didn’t look elegant as the remainder of the grounds around the house. The narrow path from one end of the mansion to the other looked grimy. Weeds grew through the cracks in the concrete and the fence had seen better days.
Mel easily located the laundry door. The narrow window in the same wooden frame as the door appeared to be too narrow to climb through.
Mel had other plans.
She unzipped the black rectangular shaped bag and pulled out one of the items.
The glass cutter.
She scored on the glass four sizeable lines to make a square. Snatching up the rock out of her bag, she pushed hard against the middle of the square. The glass broke in three small sections, crashing on to the laundry floor tiles and shattering into dozens of fragments.
Mel hurriedly pushed her hand through the gap up to her elbow, taking extra care not to cut herself on the sharp-edged hole. She reached in and unlocked the door, hoping Glenn didn’t hear the glass crashing on the tiles.
Mel dropped the glass cutter into the back pocket of her jeans and opened the broom cupboard, grabbing the long-handle broom. Quieter than a field mouse, she started for the stairs.
At the half way point to the top level, Mel stopped and upturned her black bag. Amongst the carpet fibers, hundreds of glass fragments covered three steps.
Mel switched off the stairs’ overhead lights, blanketing the area in darkness.
A flash of lightning lit the stairs. Five seconds later Mel heard the sound of thunder. Mel stood at the threshold to the bathroom listening to Glenn Higgins’ terrible singing in the shower.
Mel quietly placed the broom stick on the floor, slid two electrical ties over the wooden handle and opened the bathroom door a tad. Plain as day she could see Glenn Higgins in the shower with his eyes closed.
Mel stared at the magnetic activator situated next to the electric shaver on the vanity, not more than three feet from her fingers. Three feet and all that money, those two gold bars and the two pink diamond rings. Making a mental picture of the exact location of the activator, Mel flicked off the wall switch, plunging the room into darkness.
“What the hell!” yelped Glenn.
Mel stepped into the bathroom, snatching up the magnetic activator. In double quick time, she stepped back out of the bathroom and quietly pulled the door closed. In the dim light, she grabbed the broomstick off the floor, slid the electrical tie over the doorknob and positioned the broom horizontally against the door frame.
Mel ran down the stairs. Her black runners crunching several large pieces of glass. She heard the click of the bathroom light switch. Then she heard cursing and swearing as the door banged several times. The broom stick did a great job in slowing Glenn Higgins.
Mel ran into the study. She squatted at the safe, pushing the magnetic activator against the one on the left-hand side of the face plate. While she waited for the small door to open, she placed the black zip bag on the floor. Hearing a click and seeing the safe door spring open, Mel swept her hands from either side of the top shelf. She watched bundles of money fall into her zip bag. She repeated the performance on the middle shelf.
Glenn had finally figured out how to get the broomstick away from the door frame. He threw the long handle with the broom head at the wall.
“I know where you are,” he yelled.
Mel didn’t stop emptying the safe. She didn’t have much time remaining. She must get the contents of the bottom shelf and the two gold bars into her zip bag before Glenn started down the stairs. Her little surprise with the glass fragments should slow him down even more.
“I am going to rip your head off, you thief!” yelled Higgins.
Still wet and naked, Glenn started down the stairs. At the half way point he stepped on a couple of large glass fragments. He screamed in agony. As he stepped again, smaller glass fragments were embedded in the toes of his other foot.
Glenn over balanced and slid down five steps before he could grip the top edge of the polished balustrade.
Mel dropped the magnetic activator on the bottom shelf of the safe and started for the front door. Glenn reached out and tried to grab hold of her ankle. Mel sidestepped, banging her shoulder against the door frame. In one swift move she opened the front door and closed it behind her.
With fading yells from Glenn, she ran off into the night. The rain and the thunder masking her escape.
Mel felt confident if anyone actually saw her running, they would describe her as a male teenager wearing dark clothes.
Mel didn’t stop running for five minutes. The zip bag strap felt heavy from the gold bars and dug into her shoulder. She stopped in a dark part of a side street. She took a moment to catch her breath. So far, her plan to get back at Glenn had gone to plan. Now she must get home and hide her loot in case the police knock on her door.
Mel jogged and walked the remainder of the five miles home. She opened the front door and quietly, so as not to arouse suspicion from any nosy neighbors, closed the front door. Snatching up the plastic bag from off the table, she wrapped the zip bag in it then walked towards the rear of the property. In the dark, Mel tethered the zip bag to the thin black nylon rope, dropped the bag into the hole and filled the hole with dirt. The wooden stake for the tiny tree, she pushed that bit further into the soft dirt and transplanted the two-foot-tall tree. At the rear door to the house, she dropped the glass cutter on the dirt, smirked a little and entered the house. A long hot shower came next. She trudged slowly along the hallway and flopped onto the bed. She fell asleep pulling the blanket over her and estimating how much money she actually buried in the ground.



CHAPTER TEN



GLENN HOBBLED across the carpet, leaving a blood trail. He reached for the phone and flopped into the chair. He dialed for the police.
“Emergency services,” said the calm voice of a woman. “Do you require, fire, ambulance or police?”
“Definitely police and an ambulance,” said Glenn.
“What is your location?”
“I own the only three storey mansion on the esplanade in Mt Martha. House number; 129 The Esplanade.”
“Police are on their way,” advised the voice.
“Good. I have been robbed.”
In minutes flashing blue and red lights filled Glenn Higgins’ driveway. Glenn crawled to the front door. Kneeling, he opened the door to five police officers. Two of which were females.
“You reported a robbery,” said one of the female constables.
“I did. The thief has gone. Everything inside my safe, he took.”
“Sir, I suggest you go and put some clothes on,” said the male constable. He pushed his way into the house.
“I would like to comply, but I have glass in my feet. The thief scattered glass all over the stairs.”
“I’ll go find you some clothes,” said the female constable.
“Thank you,” said Glenn.
“The ambulance won’t be too much longer.”
“Good.”
“There sure is a lot of blood. Can we take a look around? I’m Senior Constable Caballero.”
“I’m Glenn Higgins.”
“You own this house?”
“I do. And you are welcome to search for the thief. Good luck in finding the mongrel.”
Caballero walked into the study. He squatted and looked inside the safe. “Do you have any idea how much money was in the safe?”
“At the last count six months ago, there were three hundred thousand dollars in cash, a hand gun, two pink diamond rings and two bars of gold.”
“And the thief took the lot?”
“Yes.”
The female constable walked into the study carrying some clothes. Glenn quickly dressed and sat on a chair waiting for the ambos to turn up.
“I want you to tell me in your own words exactly how the robbery happened,” said Caballero.
“I’d prefer if you go after the man. He couldn’t have gone too far. I didn’t hear a car start. I reckon he is on foot,” growled Glenn.
“Sir, we are patrolling the streets around this area as we speak. Can you describe the thief?”
“I can’t, no. Everything happened so quick. The robber wore all black. He placed glass on the stairs. The bathroom lights went out while I was in the shower.”
“I’ll take it from here, constable.”
Caballero and Glenn looked for the voice. A woman stood at the doorway to the study. Glenn watched her walk up to him and saw her slap Caballero on the shoulder.
“You go search the area with the other patrol cars. I’ll talk to Mr. Higgins.” The woman switched her attention to Glenn. “I’m Detective Beth Price. The detective you are eyeballing is my partner, Detective Peter Willard.”
“Evening,” said Glenn.
Beth Price sat on a chair looking directly at Glenn.
“I’ll go take a look around,” said Willard. He walked across the room to the open safe.
“I want to hear your version of events,” said Price.
“I already told the other constable what happened.”
“I heard. I will read his notes later. Right now, I want you to start at the beginning and tell me everything.” Price placed a tape recorder on the coffee table and clicked the start button.
“The thief must have been waiting for me to be in the shower.”
“Do you sing in the shower, Mr. Higgins?”
“On occasions I do, yes. Please, call me Glenn.”
“Go on.”
“I heard nothing out of the ordinary. When the bathroom light went out, I heard the door closing. When I switched on the light, I saw the burglar had stolen my activator.”
“Activator?”
“The magnetic key like object opens the safe.”
“You don’t need a combination?”
“No. The magnetic activator is always around my neck. I take it off only when I have a shower or go for a swim in my pool.”
“Is this the object?” Willard pointed to the activator on the shelf inside the safe.
“It is.”
Willard pulled a small plastic bag out of his coat pocket and dropped the activator into the bag. He held it like he won it in a running race.
“If you are thinking there might be finger prints on the activator: the thief wore black gloves,” said Higgins.
“This is police evidence,” stated Willard.
“What did you do next?” asked Price.
“I tried yanking open the bathroom door. At that time, I had no idea what the thief did to wedge the door closed. It took me at least thirty seconds to realize the thief put a broom handle horizontally against the door frame. He used electrical ties to hang the broom from the door handle. I kicked out at the door until I hurt my toes. I pounded my fists in the middle of the door hoping it might break. I yanked the door knob off. I managed to grab the side of the vanity in time. If I hadn’t, I might have hit my head on the toilet or smashed through the glass shower screen. When I got back to the door, I slowly pushed the broom handle upwards. I opened the door and ran for the stairs.”
“All up, how long would you say you were locked in the bathroom?”
“About a minute.”
“You ran down the stairs and stepped on glass.” said Price.
“Yes. The bastard littered the stairs with glass to slow me down. I managed to get to the ground floor. The man ran past me. He opened the front door and ran off in the rain.”
“You keep saying the thief was a man. How can you be so sure?”
“The dark image I saw was straight up and down. I love women. I know a bloke when I see one.”
Price stood. She looked at the front door. “Mr. Higgins, the ambos are here. They will attend to your feet. May I have your permission to look around?”
“Knock yourself out. What I want to know is; when do I get my money back?”
“I’ll be truthful here. I have no idea. Maybe never. As for the two gold bars, we’ll keep in touch with the local gold collectors. Hopefully they will turn up. We will call the pawn and jewelry shops to keep an eye out for the two pink diamond rings.”
“Are you hinting, you might never catch the thief?”
“It is a distinct possibility, but I will do my best.”
Detective Price and Willard walked up the stairs. They stepped over the glass fragments and entered the main bedroom. They studied the broom handle and the damage done to the door.
“Simply clever,” said Willard.
“Ingenious I’d say. The thief didn’t have much time to grab the activator, get down the stairs, open the safe and run out of the house,” said Price.
“Higgins mentioned it took him a minute to get out of the bathroom.”
“All up ninety seconds, maybe two minutes,” said Price. “The glass on the stairs must have been placed there on the way upstairs. The thief carried the broom with the electrical ties around the handle in readiness. He switched off the light, grabbed the activator and pulled the door shut. Hanged the broom from the doorknob then ran down stairs to the safe. He used the activator and pushed all the contents into a bag then ran out of the house. The thief wouldn’t have had time to view the contents of the safe. I am wondering, did the person know how much money Higgins kept in the safe?”
“The burglar must have known; he didn’t have time to count it.”
“Exactly,” said Price.
“Meaning?”
“I have a feeling the thief might have been a female.”
“Higgins said he knows a bloke when he sees one.”
“Maybe the woman dressed herself to look like a man. Think about it. You have opened the safe. All that cash you were about to steal. Precious seconds tick off while you are admiring the contents. Possibly five to six seconds. Higgins is hot on your trail. Ninety seconds has now been whittled down to eighty-four seconds. The safe door could take possibly ten seconds to open. The thief can’t be flustered. We are down to seventy-four seconds. Ten seconds to scoop the contents of the safe into the bag. Sixty-four seconds remaining. The thief takes five to six seconds to get to the front door. Sixty seconds remaining. In my opinion, the thief must have calculated how much time was needed to steal the contents of the safe.”
“One minute isn’t a long time,” said Willard.
“No, it is not. Therefore, I believe the thief might have been a female. A man would stare at the contents to the safe for far too long. Trust me, a woman wouldn’t. I want to talk to Higgins again.”
The two detectives walked back into the study. The ambos were bandaging his feet.
“Mr. Higgins, I have a question,” said Price. “Did the thief have a bag.”
“Yes. It was black and bulging with my money.”
“What sort of bag.”
“It was about the same length as the safe and had a zip.”
“Thank you.”
Price and Willard walked into the laundry. They studied the shards of glass on the floor.
“The thief didn’t bother using the glass on the tiles,” said Willard.
“No. That means the robbery must have been pre-planned.”
The two detectives walked back into the study. The ambos were packing up their kit.
Price hovered over Higgins. “One final question before we go. I want a list of people who might have recently seen the contents of the safe.”
“Not many people would know I even had a safe. My employee, Dylan, and, wait a minute; Mel.”
“Who is Mel?” asked Price.
“Mel is a girl. She is Dylan’s mistress.”
Price’s eyebrows snapped up at hearing the news. Finally, they might have a break-through in the case. It wasn’t much to go on, but a lead is a lead not matter how weak. Price calmed her excitement by continuing to ask questions.
“How long has this Mel girl and Dylan been seeing each other?”
“Not long. A few days. A week at the outside.”
“How did they meet?”
“Apparently at the train station. She looked lost.”
“A stray pup,” cut in Willard.
“Guess so,” said Glenn.
“How long has Dylan been an employee of yours?”
“Ten years. My business has been growing ever since I started it. Dylan Maize was my first employee. I can vouch for the bloke. He’d never rob me.”
“Where can I find Dylan Maize?”
“He lives at 152 The Avenue in Frankston. His house backs on to the beach.”
“What about this Mel girl you spoke of. Where does she live?”
“Number nine, Beach Street Frankston. I put up the money for the house. Dylan is going to pay me back when he can.”
“Is there a timeline for the loan?”
“A few weeks.”
Price looked at Willard then at Glenn. I will need the names and addresses of anyone who might know of the contents of the safe.”
“I had a party the other night. I can shorten the list considerably to just two names. Mel and Dylan. The real estate man knocked on the door. He didn’t enter my home. I handed him the cash for the house in Beach Street. Mel and I went shopping today for furniture.”
“I think Willard and I will go have a friendly chat with Mel. Thanks for your time. If I think of any more questions or you have finished the list of people at the party, I will knock on your door. Look after your feet.”
Price started to walk out of the room. Willard followed.
“The girl’s name is Mel Kilpatrick.”
“Thanks.”
Price and Willard stepped out into the night. The storm had gone and a few stars were shinning in the night sky. Price looked around the area then at Willard.
“What do you think?” asked Price.
“I’d say the girl is a definite lead.”
“I’ll stake my reputation she is as guilty as hell.”



CHAPTER ELEVEN



PRICE PARKED the police car out the front of Mel’s house. Willard and Price surveyed the area for a short time. The only light came from the stars and the street lights dotting the side of the road.
“Quiet neighborhood,” mentioned Willard, noting there were no cats, dogs, or foot traffic.
“Come on. It is 10:07pm. Hopefully we will catch Mel Kilpatrick in the middle of counting the money from the safe.”
Willard and Price quietly walked up the driveway, comparing the difference between Glenn Higgins’ mansion and the small two-bedroom holiday house in front of them.
Price knocked on the door. Seeing no light on inside the house, she knocked again. Willard took a look at the rear of the property. He couldn’t see much in the dark. Hearing Price whistle, he marched back to the front door.
“A light has come on inside the house.”
Mel opened the door wearing a summer nighty. She looked and sounded half asleep. Her long thick hair looked unkept.
“Hello.”
“Evening. Are you Mel Kilpatrick? asked Price.
“I am.”
“Detective Price and Willard.” She flashed her police badge. “Can we come in?”
Mel fully opened the door and allowed the two detectives to enter her house. The trio stepped into the narrow loungeroom. Please, sit on a chair, I will be right back with a chair from the kitchen.”
“Does the kitchen have four chairs?” asked Price.
“It does, yes.”
Mel led the two detectives down the hallway and into the kitchen. They sat at the rectangular shaped table.
“Can I offer you a coffee? Tea perhaps?”
“We are both good,” said Willard.
“We won’t be here long. Before we begin, please put on something a little less revealing,” said Price.
Mel trotted out of the room, down the hallway and entered her bedroom. Willard raised his eyebrows at watching the gorgeous girl’s womanly shape.
Price studied the small room. Average for a poor family with scant amount of furniture in all three rooms she happened to look into as they walked down the hallway. The kitchen appeared neat and tidy. Nothing on the bench. No dishes in the sink. Seeing the kettle, Price wandered over and looked in it.
“Not much to see,” said Mel.
“It is good to know you don’t waste your money on trinkets.”
“I have only just moved in.”
Mel sat at the table wearing dark blue jeans and a pale blue jumper. Short white socks were on feet. Her haired had been brushed and tied back into a ponytail.
Price sat opposite Mel. She clasped her hands on the table. “How long have you known Dylan Maize?”
“About six days,” replied Mel.
“How did you meet?”
“At the train station. I just stepped off the train from Sydney. I originally lived in Jindabyne. It is a town in NSW.”
“I know all about the new Jindabyne,” said Price.
“My parents are dead. I came to Melbourne to begin a new chapter in my life.”
“And you met Dylan Maize?”
“Quite by accident. He mentioned I looked like a lost puppy. He introduced himself and drove me to his house. It backs on to the beach. Dylan has a nice home.”
“Did you return any favors to him for helping you?”
“Favors?”
“To be blunt. Sex.”
“Yes. We talked about seeing a lot of each other. He calls me his mistress. Detective, he is a married man. I hope one day he will leave his wife and marry me. I love him.”
“You love a man you only met six days ago?”
“I do. He is a great lover. He treats me with the utmost respect. He never yells at me and is always smiling.”
“Do you know a Glenn Higgins?”
“He is Dylan’s boss. We went to a work function at Glenn’s house. Have you seen his mansion? What a place! What a view of the bay!”
“We have been inside Higgins’ house,” said Willard.
“The night of the work function, did Higgins open the safe in the study?”
“Yes, he did. He had entered the room and apologized for interrupting. He said to carry on. He won’t be a minute. He needed cash for the real estate man who arrived soon after Glenn left the room.”
“What was so urgent about getting cash from the safe?”
“He bought this house for me. Dylan is going to pay him back when he can.”
“A nice gesture,” said Price. Her eyebrows shot up wrinkling her brow. “Did you return any favors to Glenn?”
“If you mean, sex. No!”
“You said something about being interrupted when Glenn walked into the study?”
“Dylan and I were going at it.”
“Meaning?”
“We were making love.”
“Did you see the contents of the safe?”
“No. I happened to be a little busy. Preoccupied.”
“Yes, you mentioned you were having sex.”
“Making love,” corrected Mel.
“Timely. Did you see how Glenn Higgins opened the safe?”
“That I did see.”
“I thought you said you were preoccupied?”
“We stopped our little romp and waited for Glenn to be busy counting the cash.”
“Did you see the piles of cash in the safe?”
“No. Glenn knelt on the floor in front of the safe counting out thirty thousand dollars for the real estate man. I know the amount due to the fact, Glenn told me and Dylan how much the house cost. Glenn took me shopping for the furniture you see in this house.”
“And you never returned a favor?”
“No! Of course not. Glenn happened to be the perfect gentleman. He even cooked me breakfast this morning. Glenn knows I am Dylan’s mistress.”
“We won’t take up much more of your time. May we have a look around?”
“Sure. I have nothing to hide. I don’t think I have done anything illegal.”
Mel sat at the kitchen table memorizing the enthusiasm of Price and Willard who walked from room to room. Willard flashed Mel a smile as they wandered outside and into the backyard.
Price spied the glass cutter on the ground and picked it up. She carried the item into the kitchen, placing it on the table under Mel’s nose.
“Do you know what this is?”
“No, I don’t. I saw that thing when I moved in. What is it?”
“Have a guess?” said Price.
“A knife sharpener. The previous owners of this house must have dropped it in the backyard.”
“It is a glass cutter.”
“It looks old,” said Mel.
“One final question. Your clothes in the laundry are soaking wet. Did you walk in the rain?”
“I heard a noise. I went out in the rain to investigate. I saw a possum on the roof. When the creature saw me, it bolted for the other end of the house and scurried along the fence. I ran towards it waving my arms around like a lunatic trying to shoo it away, but I lost it in the dark. I dropped my wet clothes on the laundry floor, had a hot shower and went to bed.”
“Thanks for your cooperation, Mel Kilpatrick. If I have any more questions I know where you live.”
Mel walked the two detectives to the front door and watched as they walked off towards their car. After Mel closed the door to the house, she parted the curtain hanging over the window just wide enough to watch the two detectives. She saw them talking in low whispers. Willard pointed towards the house as he slid on to the front passenger seat of the car. Mel heard the engine start up then Price backed the car out of the driveway. In moments the darkness devoured the car.
Mel sighed with relief. The explanation of how the glass cutter happened to be on the ground helped to enhance the idea she was nothing more than an innocent girl. If the cops considered her a suspect, they didn’t now, or at the very least, they had plenty of doubts on who the thief might have been.



CHAPTER TWELVE


Melbourne
1st August 1977


MEL SAT on the back verandah of her house. She picked up the neighbor’s cat who had jumped the fence and came up to her hoping to be fed. Mel placed the black cat on her lap and looked at the sky.
“Cat, it is going to rain very soon. Do you know the significance of today?”
The cat purred and closed its eyes.
“It is the horse’s birthday. The 1st of August which is the first day of winter in Melbourne. It is also my birthday. Happy 17th birthday to me.” Mel stroked the cat while she quietly sang the traditional birthday song. “How time has gone by so fast since the day I met Dylan. I’m seeing him tonight. His wife, Sharon has gone away for a few days. The last 27 months have been amazing. Whatever you do, don’t tell my secret, but if I don’t tell someone, my insides will burst. Glenn Higgins has no idea it was me who robbed him of thousands of dollars, two pink diamond rings and two gold bars. Where they are is my little secret.” Mel looked at the rear corner of her property. She sighed. “Yep, it is my secret. One day soon I am going to dig up the loot and count the money. I want to know the exact amount, but before I do, I have to think up another more secure location.”
Again, the cat purred louder.
“Cat, it is beginning to rain. I have to get ready for tonight. Dylan will be here in two hours. I want to look my best. Did I mention I love him with my whole heart? He is one amazing man. I am also going to speak to him tonight about leaving his wife. Sharon is getting in the way. She needs to move along. Every time she goes away her eyes sparkle. When she arrives home, they are dull. I believe she is in love with her lover. For whatever reason, Dylan is reluctant to tell her to leave. I must plan my moves perfectly. If I do, Sharon will be gone and I will move in. I will become Mrs. Melanie Rose Maize. My life will be complete. I believe I am due to have a good life. After seventeen years of turmoil, I deserve it.”
Mel placed the cat on the ground. She watched it scrape its ears against her legs.
“Hey cat, I didn’t mention I watched Sharon sitting holding the hand of a handsome man in a Melbourne café when Dylan was at work. I have stalked her for months. She has no idea. I have watched her coming and going. I have done my homework on the woman. My diary is full of the things she does in the day. The best part is; I followed her and this younger man from the local church steps where he picked her up then drove to the airport. The man driving the fancy car looked rich. Sharon loves kissing the man, especially when he parks his fancy car at the darkest section of the marina. Soon after, they walk along the boardwalk to his small ship. Sharon stays all night.”
Mel heard a noise made by the artist lady next door. She abruptly stopped talking and shooed the cat towards the fence and walked into the house. She had a shower and dressed in a nice blue dress she bought for her birthday.
At exactly 5:00pm Mel heard the front door to her house open. She walked down the hallway, displaying a smile. She opened her arms wide. She stepped up to Dylan, kissing him square on the lips.
“Happy birthday.”
“You are right on time,” said Mel.
“I bought you a present I believe you will love.” Dylan handed Mel the small box. She opened it.
“The pink diamond ring is beautiful!” Mel pushed the ring on to the middle finger of her right hand.
“Nothing but the best for my number two girl.”
“Is there a chance I can be number one in your life?”
“Mel, I am married. You are beautiful. Your big hair and youthful looks are amazing, however, I must explain to you and please be mature enough to understand, if we married, I will lose too much. Sharon will take everything I have worked for. You are gorgeous, but you will never be anything more than my mistress.”
Mel pretended not to hear the hurtful words. She fought her tears into submission. She could feel her blood pressure rising. She smiled innocently. When she spoke, her voice sounded calm.
“Being your mistress is enough for me.”
“Good girl. Mel, twenty-three is still young. We don’t know what’s around the corner. In ten years maybe my wife won’t be alive or we might be married. For now, let’s leave things as they are. I have to get back to my house. My wife is due home in about an hour. I am taking her out for dinner. I’ll call you either tomorrow or the next day.”
“I’ll be waiting for your call.”
Dylan might as well have stabbed Mel with a razor-sharp knife. The man calling himself Dylan Maize just sliced her heart into little pieces. Mel hid her fury by smiling and kissing the man she loved. She watched him open the front door and walk towards his car. She waved at him while he reversed the car out of the driveway. He tooted the car’s horn and drove away, leaving Mel sobbing. She closed the door, walked into her bedroom and dropped on to her bed. Her sobbing sounded uncontrollable. Her body trembled. Her stomach ached. She coiled into a fetal position and felt the blanket getting wetter by the second.
Eventually Mel stopped sobbing and sat on the edge of the bed looking at her reflection in the mirror. Her cheeks were red. Anger red. Using the back of her hands, she wiped the tears from her eyes. She pulled her plaited hair out and ran her fingers through her long hair. For a short time, she watched the curls in the mirror. She used the back of her hand and wiped the bright red lipstick from off her lips. She then saw her image wipe off the make-up she painstakingly applied to her cheeks. Her new dress she bought that morning she peeled out of and threw it across the room. Mel scoffed at the idea she wanted to look perfect for her man on her birthday.
“Dylan Maize, I want to tell you I spent two hours getting myself ready for tonight. I don’t appreciate you telling me on my birthday I will never be anything more to you than a mistress. But that is okay. I am going to plan a surprise just for you. The surprise will teach you the meaning of love and devotion. In my book the man I loved should be prepared to die for me.”

# # # # # #

Ten days after Dylan broke Mel’s heart in two, Sharon arrived home early from yet another trip. Fortunately for Dylan, Mel left the street ten minutes earlier. Dylan heard Sharon parking the car in the garage. He switched on the TV and pretended to be asleep on the settee.
For a while Sharon stared at Dylan. Her eyebrows angled to a point as she walked across the floor.
“Dylan, why are you asleep in front of the TV?”
Dylan’s eyelids snapped open. He scrambled to a standing position and kissed his wife. “I fell asleep waiting for you to arrive home.”
“How could you know I came home early?”
“I wait up most nights,” he lied.
“Go to bed. You are supposed to be at work in ten hours.”
Dylan trudged upstairs. He entered the main bedroom and checked the room for any clothes Mel might have left behind. Under the bed he found a pair of blue lacy underwear. He pushed the item deep in his pocket, shed his clothes and slipped between the sheets.
Sharon walked into the kitchen. She opened the refrigerator and poured a half glass of white wine. She swallowed the wine in one gulp. She then placed her glass in the dishwasher. She was about to close the door when she spied two wine glasses on the top shelf. Again, her eyebrows angled to a point. She yanked out the two glasses and discovered a lip stick mark on the side of one of the glasses.
Sharon pursed her lips. Her eyelids narrowed. She slowly nodded. She finally had evidence her husband was cheating whenever she left for her business trip.
“I must obtain more convincing evidence,” whispered Sharon. “Tomorrow, being Monday, I will look up a private investigator. A woman if possible. I believe she will easily discover more concrete evidence about Dylan’s mistress, sooner than later. Money, I have plenty. I will pay the private investigator cash.”
Sharon walked into the study room. She tapped in the combination to the safe and yanked the door open.
“Why are there three bundles of money missing?”
Sharon marched up the stairs. She pushed the bedroom door wide open, walked up to the bed and yanked back the covers.
Dylan sat bolt upright, staring at the fuming woman. “What’s wrong?”
“What have you been spending money on? Or should I say who?”
“I don’t understand,” said Dylan, sounding innocent.
“Start explaining why there are three bundles of money missing.”
“I had to pay bills,” answered Dylan.
“A likely story.”
“It is the truth.”
“Thirty thousand dollars-worth of bills?”
“Yes. You haven’t opened the safe in how long? A little over a year! What did you expect?”
“You better not be cheating on me Dylan Maize.”
“I’m not.”
Sharon gritted her teeth. She grunted and marched out of the room. At the safe she counted out three thousand dollars for her private investigator and closed the safe’s rectangular shaped door. Instead of slipping between the sheets next to Dylan, Sharon walked into the guest room. She fell asleep thinking it won’t be long before she will have in her possession some photos of Dylan and the phantom woman he had been seeing.

# # # # # #

The clocked ticked over to 9:33am. Sharon walked into the Frankston police station. The smell wafting up from a sixty something year old drunken man made her sidestep away. A ruckus behind her saw to it she coward in the corner near the front entrance. A rough looking police officer with a bloody nose had finally subdued and handcuffed a late teenage boy. He wore a white blood-stained shirt. Most of his buttons were missing, revealing a tattoo on his chest of something Sharon couldn’t make out. The lad looked at her and spat. Blood droplets splattered the floor close to Sharon’s expensive white shoes.
“Enough out of you,” growled the police officer. “Walk down the passageway and into the first room on your left.”
“I need a doctor.”
“All in good time. First, you have some explaining to do.”
Sharon’s eyes bulged at seeing the police officer’s ripped and dirty shirt. She scrunched her nose.
The sixty something year-old drunken man leaning against the charge counter pointed a crooked index finger at Sharon. “G’day love. Wanna date?”
“Russel Asher, enough out of you. Start walking. You are scaring the young lady. Your mate will be here soon,” insisted the constable behind the charge counter. “I’m sorry Miss. You picked a bad time to enter the station. It is a bit hectic in here this morning. How can I help you?”
Sharon stepped up to the charge counter, noting the constable’s friendly expression. “I’m hoping you might be able to point me in the correct direction. I am searching for a private investigator.”
“This is your lucky day. Shyla stepped into the station not more than five minutes before you did. She is out the back talking to a detective.”
“She?” asked Sharon.
“Yes. Shyla is a woman. You are?”
“Pardon?”
“Your name?”
“Sorry, yes, I am Sharon Maize. Sorry for the inconvenience. I’ll go somewhere else.”
“Sharon Maize. May I call you Sharon?”
“Yes.”
“It is no trouble. Shyla is an extremely professional Private investigator.”
“I have changed my mind,” said Sharon.
“Changed your mind about what?”
Sharon heard the voice of the lady. She turned a little and stared at a woman walking towards her. She had opened the door to where the lad with the bloody shirt had been taken. The expression on her face revealed the woman could be tough if needed to be. She wore blue jeans and a blue button up shirt. A small wrinkle in the collar had been missed the last time the shirt had been ironed.
“I heard something about you searching for a private investigator?”
All of a sudden Sharon felt guilty. Her head started nodding.
“I’m Shyla.” She stepped up to Sharon and pushed her hand out.
“I’m Sharon Maize.”
The two ladies shook hands.
“Follow me into room three. We can have a good talk,” said Shyla.
The two ladies entered the room. Shyla closed the door and palmed her hand at the chair on the door side of the desk. Shyla sat opposite Sharon.
“Relax. Just because I’m a private investigator and I’m in this police station doesn’t mean you need to feel stressed.”
“I’m surprised to meet you in the police station.”
“If you think I work for the police, I don’t. I also never meet people in my home. For safety reasons. I never say my last name either. As for the teenager with the bloody shirt, it took me a month to track him down. Three days of watching what he does and who he entertains led me to uncover a drug ring. He was the ring leader. I called the cops. The police tried to arrest him. He put up a fight. He almost got away. I intervened after the teenager king hit a cop. I chased him. I broke his nose.”
“Thanks for sharing the information about the teenager,” said Sharon.
“Tell me, Sharon Maize, why are you looking for a private investigator?”
“I believe my husband is cheating on me.”
“Scumbag.”
“Pardon?”
“If your husband is cheating on you, he’s a scumbag.”
“Fair comment,” said Sharon.
“You want me to get proof?”
“To put things into perspective, yes.”
“Easily done,” said Shyla.
“How long will it take? To get the proof?”
“Not long.” Shyla sat back in her chair. “Don’t feel threatened of me.”
“I’m not.”
“Good. Most new clients are; Mrs. Maize.”
“Please, call me Sharon.”
Okay, I will. Before I take your particulars, I always explain my background. After six years as a street cop, I joined the detective division. Three years of all sorts of different shifts any day of the week, I decided I wanted more flexible hours. I quit the police force and became a private investigator. I do like a drink, but I’m not an alcoholic. I have a wonderful husband. I have a daughter and a son. As for their age I won’t say. Safety reasons. If my family are asked what I do, they say I make fish tanks and breed fish.”
Sharon giggled at Shyla’s relaxed chat. She too chuckled.
“All I need is some particulars and a photo of your husband.”
Sharon placed a photo of Dylan on the table. Shyla picked it up and studied it for a short time.
“Can I keep the photo until I have proof of your husband’s extra marital affair?”
“Yes,” said Sharon.
Shyla placed the photo at the side of the table and rummaged through a drawer, swiping up a note pad and a pen. She thrust the two items at Sharon.
Shyla watched Sharon closely as she wrote some information about Dylan.
“I am discreet. Your husband will never know I am close by watching his every move. As for my salary, I ask for five hundred dollars a day. This task shouldn’t take any more than a few days.”
Sharon opened her shoulder bag. With a smug expression she dropped three envelopes on the table under Shyla’s nose. Sharon shook the hand of the private investigator.
“I will keep our conversation private,” said Shyla. “I recommend you go home, pack a suite case, explain to your husband, Dylan, you will be gone for a few days. The excuse can be easily explained by simply saying it is for business. Dylan will be in the clear. I will follow him. Take a few photos.”
“Thank you. I have a good friend I can stay with,” said Sharon.
“Male or female?”
“My sister. By the way, I did find lipstick on the side of a wine glass in the dishwasher.”
Sharon walked out of the room, closing the door behind her. Shyla leaned back in the chair. She ran her finger through her short blonde ponytail. On a sigh, she gathered up the information Sharon had written. She walked out of the room, down the corridor towards the tea room. Seeing Detective Willard and Price she stopped and looked into the narrow room.
“Shyla! How goes?” quizzed Willard.
“Fine.” Shyla entered the room and stood next to the small square table.
“Tea or coffee?” asked Willard.
“Coffee for me.”
The two detectives and Shyla sat at the table. They chatted about the weather and what the detectives were working on.
“When are you coming back to the detective squad?” asked Willard.
“I’m not,” said Shyla.
“Our team of six has missed your expertise,” said Price.
“Can’t you at least reconsider your decision on why you left the police force?” asked Willard.
“I won’t be coming back. I like what I’m doing.”
“Is the reason why you left still the same?”
“It is. Personal reasons sounded good then and still sounds good,” said Shyla.
“Each to their own,” said Price.
“The woman who walked down the corridor thirty seconds before you; is she the new case you are working on?” asked Willard.
“Yes. She thinks her rich husband is cheating on her.”
Willard chuckled. “Don’t they all?”
“Most,” said Shyla. “It will be an easy follow. Take a few photos and get paid.”
“What is good enough for the goose is good enough for the gander,” quoted Price.
“I wouldn’t put it past Sharon Maize if she was cheating on her husband,” said Shyla.
“Maize. That name rings a bell,” said Price.
Willard nodded. “It does. About fourteen months ago we interviewed a bloke about a robbery. He wrote the names of all the guests at a party. A man named Maize, happened to be at the party the night before the robbery. The owner of the house, Glenn Higgins, called the police. We responded. The thief stole three hundred plus thousand dollars from the safe.”
“Two gold bars and two pink diamond rings,” added Price.
“Did you catch the thief?”
“We didn’t, no. The thief left no clues. Though Price had and still has a gut feeling the thief might have been Mel Kilpatrick. Before you ask, the girl at the time just happened to be Dylan’s mistress.”
“Interesting,” said Shyla. “Can you remember the first name of the Maize bloke?’
“Dylan Maize. He worked for Higgins. I assume he still does.”
“Are the details in the file room?”
“You will find them under the name of Higgins,” said Price.
“Nice chat.” Shyla placed the empty coffee mug in the sink and walked out of the room.
At the end of the corridor away from the charge counter, Shyla opened the file room. At the metal filing cabinet marked ‘H’ she opened the top drawer, found the file and sat at the table. She opened the standard size manilla folder and read all the information. Discovering nothing new she replaced the manilla folder back in the drawer of the filing cabinet. Shyla walked out of the room, closing the door behind her.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN



FOUR DAYS after meeting Sharon, Shyla sat opposite her at the table in the room closest to the file room.
“It took only three hours after you told your husband you will be gone for three days to collect the evidence,” said Shyla.
“I sensed he couldn’t wait for me to leave.”
“Probably. The photos I took exposes Dylan meeting up with the girl with long hair. She lives on Beach Street not far from your house on ‘the Avenue.’”
“Who is she?”
“I showed the photo to a couple of detectives. They named the girl: Mel Kilpatrick. Dylan and the girl met at the Flinders Street train station in Melbourne about twenty-four months ago.”
“He’s been screwing the girl for two years?”
“More than likely,” said Shyla. “The detectives at that time told me Dylan and Mel went to a work function. It was a stormy night. Someone robbed the owner of the house, Glenn Higgins, of a lot of money. Dylan and Mel Kilpatrick were questioned. At the time, both explained Mel had been Dylan’s mistress. Both were struck off the suspect list. The thief has never been caught.”
“Thank you for fulfilling the task.” Sharon slid a bulging white envelope across the table.
“What’s in the envelope?”
“A large tip.”
Shyla placed the envelope into her bag. She clasped her hands together. “Be careful.”
“Of what?”
“You know the truth about your husband. What you do with the information is up to you. I always caution my clients about knowing what their husband gets up to.”
“Don’t worry about me.”
Shyla grabbed hold of Sharon’s arm, preventing her from standing.
“Stay out of prison. Don’t do anything foolish.”
“I won’t. I am not going to prison over some little whore my husband has been screwing.”
“Who is he?”
“What do you mean?” asked Sharon.
“Who is the man you are seeing?”
“My private life has nothing to do with you.”
“Does Dylan know you have a lover?’
“He knows nothing. I want to keep it that way. Shyla, thanks again for a service well done.”
Shyla sat back in her seat, watching Sharon walk out of the room. She gathered up her notes and placed them in her bag next to the envelope. Curiously she opened the top edge of the envelope, noting at a guess there were twenty-one-hundred-dollar notes. Shyla slung her bag over her shoulder and walked out of the room, down the corridor and stepped out into the daylight. She took a moment to assess the area then walked to her car. She couldn’t wait to arrive home. Her husband would have the dinner cooked. Tonight, he was going to get lucky.

# # # # # #

Sunday morning felt cool. Mel slipped out of bed, dressed modestly and walked towards the local church. In the window of the Jeweler’s shop, she waited to hear the chimes of the grandfather clock. She counted off nine dongs.
Close to the church steps, she waited behind a large gumtree. She shivered a little in the cool sea air. Finally, several early church goers arrived. Mel knew she didn’t have much time. The man who drove the fancy car always arrived at 9:09am. Something about the number nine the man liked. His small ship just happened to be tied up at the number nine birth. The man always played the ninth best-selling song of the previous week on a tape deck when he arrived to pick up Sharon. After kissing Sharon, he always handed her nine long stem red roses.
Mel saw Sharon step down from her car in the church’s carpark. Mel marched towards the woman, pretending not to notice her.
“You there!” yelled Sharon. She marched up to Mel and grabbed her arm.
Mel broke free of the vice like grip. She squared herself to Sharon. “Are you talking to me?”
“I’m yelling at you.”
“Why?” asked Mel.
“You now damn well why!”
“We have never met.”
“You and my husband are lovers.”
“Excuse me?” spat Mel, scrunching her nose.
“Don’t act all innocent. I know you have been screwing my husband for months.”
“Who are you?”
“As if you don’t know?”
“I have no idea,” said Mel.
“You are the little whore my husband, Dylan, has been screwing.”
“I am, yes. Dylan has also told me you have a lover.”
“He is a necessity.”
“A necessity?”
“He sure is. I use him every chance I get.”
“You are in love with the man.”
Sharon wagged her finger at Mel’s nose. “Stay away from my husband. You have been warned.”
“I think you should go into the church and prey to the one upstairs.”
“Why?”
“For your sins,” stated Mel.
“Look who is calling the kettle black? How old are you anyway? You can’t be much older than seventeen.”
“I am not Dylan’s whore. I am his mistress. As for how old I am, you are old enough to know not to ask me such a personal question.”
“I am correct aren’t I.”
“No, you aren’t,” snarled Mel.
“Then you must be younger.”
“Lady, you are picking a fight.”
“Kid, you should be in the church asking for mercy on your soul.”
“I have done nothing wrong,” spat Mel.
“You aren’t even old enough to understand what it is you are doing. ‘Mistress.’ You probably can’t even spell the word. Go back to school. Grow a life with someone else. Preferably with a man who is single.”
“I don’t need to go back to school. As for a man’s love, I found it all with Dylan. You can’t stand the thought Dylan loves me more than you.”
“How long have you been part of Dylan’s life?”
“What I do in the day and who I sleep with at night has nothing to do with you.”
“That is where you are wrong. I’m warning you, stay away from my husband.”
“What are you going to do, if I don’t?”
“Kid, you have no idea who you are dealing with.”
“I do. You are Sharon Maize. You have a lover. He will be arriving soon.”
“How dare you?!”
“Have I hit a raw nerve?”
“You are Mel Kilpatrick.”
“So, we both know the name of the other person. What are you going to do about it?”
“You will find out and soon.”
Mel watched Sharon walk towards the front of the church and down the seven steps to the road. She saw Sharon kiss her handsome lover, the one who drove the fancy car. He handed her the nine red roses. He opened the passenger door for Sharon then slipped behind the steering wheel. Mel saw the man turn the ignition key and drive the car towards the marina closer to the city of Melbourne.
Displaying a sarcastic smirk, Mel walked away from the church. She had been patient with Dylan long enough. It was time to implement the remainder of her plan. Dylan’s death must look like an accident. Two years of planning and waiting patiently for Dylan to change his mind about leaving Sharon was long enough. So far, she had pilfered fifty thousand dollars from the man. What remained in the safe will soon be hers.
The one thing she knew for certain, if the cops couldn’t pin Dylan’s death on her, she would be free to proceed with the second part of what she planned. Rotting in prison wasn’t an option.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN



MEL WAITED five days. A total of 120 lonely hours until Sharon went to the airport. Her lover obviously phoned and asked her to join him on his small ship to cruise the Caribbean. Mel knew to work fast if she wanted her plans to succeed. If Sharon actually filed for a divorce, the money and the house Mel wanted will be impossible to obtain. She would end up with nothing, except what she had pilfered from Dylan since the day they met and the loot she buried in the ground after stealing from Glenn Higgins.
Fifty hours into her slow agonizing wait, Mel studied the street for the twentieth time. She already knew the make and color of all the cars parked along the road. There were nine cars parked on her side of the street and seven on the other side
“Hello we have a new car in the street. A black four door sedan,” Mel mumbled. “Price and Willard are watching my house. How interesting.”
Mel began walking towards the shops, wondering if Price or Willard will follow. Mel rounded the corner and squatted behind a large bush. She watched the car Price and Willard were sitting in.
“Yep. Here comes Willard. Shame he’s a handsome man.”
Mel walked into Frankston. The man who owned the local pharmacy had just opened the doors. He smiled at Mel as she entered the small shop.
Mel smiled back, noticing Willard still walking towards the shop. He had closed the gap to about fifty feet. He was loitering at the jewelry shop pretending to study the watches in the window.
Mel walked down the narrow isle full of goods. She found sleeping tablets in a large packet in isle four. Stepping up to the counter the girl standing behind the cash register looked up.
“I won’t be a moment. You are our first customer of the day.”
“Take your time. I’m not in any rush.”
The girl looked at the price and registered the sale. Mel handed over her money, and walked out of the shop, almost barreling over Willard.
“Detective Willard, fancy meeting you here at this time,” said Mel.
“Yes. Coincidence. What did you shop for?”
“I hope you are only asking about my health and not interrogating me?”
“Just asking, friend to friend.”
Mel held up the packet of sleeping tablets. “I haven’t been able to sleep.”
“Have a good day, Mel Kilpatrick,” said Willard.
“You too.”
By 10:00am Mel walked into the kitchen. She snatched up her small tack hammer she stored in the drawer and tapped the sleeping tablets into a fine powder. Mel poured the powder into a small plastic bag and hid the lot in the drawer.
Mel opened a bottle of wine and sat on the back verandah stroking the next-door neighbor’s cat and thinking about what Glenn Higgins did. She nodded then poured wine into her long neck wine glass. She drank the contents and refilled the glass.
“Cat, I deserved to be compensated by ‘HIM’ taking full advantage of my young age. If I told the police what happened, I believe they’d be on Higgins’ side. They will slap the man on the wrist and say next time make sure the girl was over the age of eighteen. In my books that isn’t good enough. Higgins owed me. He paid me big time.”
The cat stopped purring. He looked at Mel then at the small gap under the fence. He took off at full tilt and jumped the fence. Mel heard the cat meow.
Then silence.
Whatever Cat saw, died.
From her vantage point on the chair, Mel studied the ground where she buried the money, the two gold bars and the two pink diamond rings. The only evidence something might be buried in the ground was the rope Mel intentionally half buried to make it look as though the thin rope should be there. It was then Mel noticed new shoots were breaking out all over the branches of her small tree. Mel must find a new hiding spot before it became difficult to dig up the loot.
Mel decided she must have a safe similar to the one Higgins owned, but she must hide the safe where no one could ever find it.
For over five minutes Mel’s eyes were closed as she tried to think up the perfect spot. When she finally took possession of Dylan’s rebuilt house, she’d move in. Mel decided if she could buy the property before the builder’s finished, she could have a safe built into a fake wall. She nodded with satisfaction at her idea.
“I love shoes. They will be my camouflage. All I need is for the safe to be inside my closet and hidden inside the fake wall. I will talk to a man who builds safes. Surely anything can be built. One only has to pay for it.”
Hearing a knock on the door, Mel ran into the house. She welcomed Dylan by wrapping her arms around the man’s neck and kissing him.
Dylan kissed Mel back. Mel shut out the prying eyes of Detective Willard and Price by closing the door.
“Mel, where have you been? I thought you said you will be sitting by the phone waiting for me to call?”
“I haven’t been sleeping too well at night. I decided to walk into Frankston to buy sleeping tablets. Why the sour look? I hope you weren’t thinking I entertained another man?”
“My thoughts were something along those lines.”
“Dylan, my love, there is no one else. I love you more than life.”
“I apologize. All last night I dreamt about you in the arms of another man. I woke this morning feeling jealous. Mel, I can’t live with the knowledge you are in bed with some other man.”
“Me, either,” said Mel. “I only ever want you. Don’t be jealous.”
“I can’t help it. You were born gorgeous and have matured into a beautiful young lady. The minute Sharon left for the airport I drove here.”
“And here you are.” Mel kissed Dylan. She felt his hands roaming around her body. She lovingly pushed him to arms’ length.
“Care for a white wine? I just opened the bottle.”
“It is early, but what the heck.”
Dylan followed Mel into the kitchen. He watched her pour the drinks. He swiped the glass off the bench.
Mel looked at the drawer where she placed the powder. She felt irritated she couldn’t pour some of the powder into Dylan’s wine. “Shall we sit outside?”
Without a word Dylan walked out of the house and sat on a deck chair. With a bitter expression, Mel followed. She sat next to him, looking at his eyes. Mel took hold of his hand.
“You seem on edge?”
“Just a bit tired,” answered Mel.
“You do know I love you?”
“I do and I love you,” said Mel.
Dylan downed the contents of the wine glass in one gulp. He made a move to stand.
“Don’t get up. Relax. I’ll pour another wine each and return with the wine bottle.”
Mel walked back into the kitchen carrying the two empty wine glasses. Mel opened the drawer and pulled out the small plastic bag. With her back to Dylan, she poured the white powder into his glass. She placed the remainder of the powder in the drawer and walked out of the kitchen with a full glass of wine each.
“Where’s the bottle?” questioned Dylan.
“It is finished. I thought we could go to your house and soak in the bath, together.”
“Sounds like a very nice plan.”
Again, Dylan downed the contents of the glass in one continuous gulp and carried the wine glass into the kitchen, placing the glass on the bench. “I can’t wait to get you home.”
“I’ll pick up my bag and a bottle of wine.”
“You won’t need clothes or your bag,” stated Dylan.
“Good, but my bag has my purse and my house key in it.”
Dylan stood at the front door, tapping his foot on the entrance tiles and drumming his fingernails against the wall. Mel snatched up the plastic bag full of powder out of the drawer, pushing it deep into her small shoulder bag. The same bag that had several black electrical ties in it. She smiled at Dylan’s serious expression.
“I’m ready,” chirped Mel.
“It is about time. I want to get you to my place sooner than later.”
Mel hid the fact she didn’t like his tone of voice. If he knew about the sleeping powder, he didn’t let on. She saw his eyebrows angle to a point. He pursed his lips as if he thought Mel might be up to something sinister.
Mel opened the passenger door to Dylan’s car. He drove fast towards his house. Mel sensed he definitely seemed agitated about something. Could it be he thought seriously about dumping her. She must get rid of him before he said anything. After all her planning and his screwing, her, he must pay. Of late his gifts and bonuses of money had dried up. Mel felt uncomfortable sitting so close to the man. After he had broken her heart, he seemed to be changing. And not in a loving way. It pained her to do what she planned, but it had to be done.
Mel glanced up and back down the street, thankful, Willard and Price decided to call it a day and drove away. They obviously figured Dylan and her will be busy making love. There was no need to watch the house or a couple in the act of making love.
“The other day I went for an early morning walk. I met Sharon. We talked.”
“About what?” growled Dylan.
“Many things. Sharon came across as a friendly person. To me, she is a very nice lady. I can see why you can’t leave her.”
“Friendly?”
“Yes. We chatted like old friends,” said Mel.
“Did you mention you were my mistress?”
The word ‘were’ started ringing loud warning bells in Mel’s ears. She played down the comment by pretending not to hear. “If she knew anything, she didn’t say. I believe she has no idea.”
“Good news.”
“I got to thinking, if something ever happened to you, it won’t be fair if Sharon missed out on more life insurance money.”
“What are you driving at?”
“Knowing how much you love Sharon and that she is a very nice person, setting her up with enough money for the remainder of her life should appear be a good will gesture.”
“Nothing is going to happen to me.”
“I know. If it does, I couldn’t live with myself knowing your wife missed out on a lot of money. She needs money to get through this world.”
“What about you?”
“I’m happy knowing you love me. I don’t want your money. I only want loving memories.”
“No wonder I love you. Such a thoughtful thing to say. I must admit you have never asked for anything.”
“Nothing except your love,” added Mel. She smiled seductively at Dylan.
“When you look at me with those lovely eyes of yours, I go weak in the knees.”
“You make a phone call to the insurance company. I will pour us a wine each and fill the bath.”
Dylan parked his car in the driveway of his house. He led the charge to the front door and waited for Mel to catch up.
“Come on, Mel. You seem a little slow today?”
“I apologize. Floating in a bath full of water with you will help to rejuvenate my strength,” Mel lied.
“Don’t worry your pretty little head over filling the bath, I will do it after I make the phone call. You get ready for love making. Don’t forget to pour us a wine. I’ll meet you in the bathroom,” said Dylan.
Mel walked into the kitchen. She prepared the two glasses. Poured the entire contents of the sleeping powder into one wine glass and poured in a twenty-year-old white wine. She unbuttoned her shirt and stood in the doorway listening to Dylan talking into the phone.
“Morning, you are talking to Erika.”
“Morning, my name is Dylan Maize, is it possible to up my life insurance over the phone?”
“Certainly,” said Erika. “Do you know your insurance policy number?”
“Yes, I do. I will get it from the safe.”
“Take your time,” said Erika.
Dylan squatted at the safe. He tapped in the numbers 2414#. He fished for a folded A4 size sheet of paper and returned to the phone.
“Are you there?”
“I’m here,” said Erika.
“The insurance policy numbers are 464960672.”
In the short pause, Dylan looked at Mel holding the wine glasses. She pointed upstairs. Dylan nodded.
“How much were you thinking of increasing the life insurance policy for?” asked Erica.
“Up to one million dollars,” said Dylan.
“I’ll change the amount and send you out the details in the post,” said Erika.
“Thank you.”
“You are welcome. The amount per year will increase.”
“I understand.”
“The amount will be in the details.”
“When will the new amount be effective?”
“Immediately,” said Erika.
“Perfect. Have a nice day.”
“You too, Mr. Maize.”
Dylan dropped the phone on the cradle, returned the insurance policy to the safe and closed the door. He ran upstairs, two steps at a time. He found Mel leaning over the empty bath.
“Forget about cleaning the bath. We can have one later. Right now, I want to make love to you,” said Dylan.
Mel felt Dylan’s hand grip her tight around the waist.
“What about the wine?”
Dylan downed his wine and led the way along the hallway. By the time they reached the bedroom, Dylan clutched his head. He flopped on to the bed pulling Mel down on top of him. His kisses were hurting. Dylan flipped Mel under him. He felt heavy. Mel heard him unzip his fly. Thankfully Dylan got off the bed and started pulling his clothes off. Mel smirked dryly. She sat on the bed watching Dylan. She saw his eyes close. His body went limp. She quickly moved sideways and watched him fall unconscious on the bed.
Mel leapt off the bed. Ran down the stairs to her bag. She snatched up the electrical ties and ran back upstairs.
Mel dragged Dylan closer to the bed head. She clamped an electrical tie around his right wrist. The second one she slipped under the one around his wrist and tethered him to the brass bed head. She did the same to his left wrist.
Mel grunted. “Dylan Maize. You not only broke my heart, you shattered it. By the way, you, bragging to me you have a large one. Guess again. Glenn Higgins is bigger than you.”
Mel grabbed Dylan’s shirt and pants from off the floor. She dressed in his clothes over hers and ran down stairs to the safe.
“2414#,” whispered Mel. She heard a click and watched the safe door open.
Mel scooped up the entire contents of the safe, dumping the loot into her shoulder bag. The insurance policy she dropped on the top shelf and closed the safe door. Next, Mel ran into the kitchen, grabbed a large candle and a box of matches from the cupboard and hid her small bulging shoulder bag under her clothes. Mel turned on the gas stove. Almost immediately gas wafted into the air.
Mel walked casually towards the front door. She placed the candle on the floor and lit the candle.
“By the time the gas reaches the lit candle, I should be at the other end of the street.”
Mel opened the front door, stepped outside and walked away from the house.
At the end of the street and away from the Frankston shops, Mel waited to see the smoke. She felt a little anxious when nothing happened. Thinking the breeze from the closing of the front door might have blown the candle out, Mel decided to walk back towards the house. Keeping a watchful eye out for nosy neighbors, Mel couldn’t have been any more than two hundred feet from the front door when she heard an explosion. Black smoke mushroomed into the air. She turned and walked away from the deadly scene.
Mel skirted the town by keeping to the back streets. Sixty minutes after the explosion, she opened her front door. From behind the closed curtain, she watched the street. Satisfied no cops were in Cooee of her house, she walked to the rear of the property. She loosened the dirt around the small tree, pulled it out of the ground and dug her hole. She wrapped her bulging shoulder bag in plastic and buried it then replaced the tree.
Mel took off the two sets of clothes and dressed in her short pale green dressing gown. Still satisfied about the next stage of her plan, she again stood at the front window searching the street for a police car. Eventually she forced herself to walk into the kitchen. She made herself a light meal and sat outside on her deck chair waiting for the police to arrive.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN



At 2:00pm Mel heard a knock on the front door. She looked at her small tree. She smiled a little at seeing the new growth forming on the tips of the branches. The ground did appear to have been disturbed. Mel knew what to say if anyone ever asked.
Mel opened the door to a man pushing a police badge at her face.
“Detective Willard, what brings you here today?”
“Miss. Kilpatrick? Melany Kilpatrick?”
“You know I am Melany Kilpatrick,” said Mel.
“May I come in?”
“Sure.”
Mel unhooked the short chain and opened the door.
Detective Willard and Price walked into the house as if they owned it.
“We want you to answer a few questions,” said Willard.
“I recommend you get dressed in jeans and a shirt,” said Price.
“I’m comfortable wearing my dressing gown,” said Mel.
“I insist you dress in something less revealing,” stated Price. “In case we drive you to the police station.”
Mel walked out of the room, down the hallway and entered her bedroom. In the time it took her to change, Willard and Price searched the room. Hearing Mel walking back to the kitchen they stood at the window looking out across the backyard.
Mel’s eyes widened at the thought they might be suspicious of the small tree where she buried the loot. “What is it you want to talk to me about?”
Willard and Price turned from the window. Mel sighed away her anxiety. She walked to the kitchen sink. Both detectives watched her fill the kettle, noting the girl wore blue jeans, runners, a white button up shirt and had tied her hair into a ponytail.
“Mel, three hours ago, can you verify your where-a-abouts?” asked Price.
“I can. I happened to be on a date.”
“What was the name of the date?”
“That is a bit personal?”
“Miss. Kilpatrick, this is serious stuff.”
“Dylan picked me up from here, at my house. He drove me to his house. We drank a bottle of wine sitting on the upstairs balcony. We kissed and talked. We then made love. What is this all about? In my book, making love to a man is not classified as a crime.”
“Dylan was married.”
“It still isn’t a crime,” said Mel.
“No, it isn’t,” said Detective Price. She looked at Willard. “To affirm we are serious about being here, I suggest we continue this interview down at the police station.”
“If you want confirmation Dylan and I were together, call Dylan.”
“Miss Kilpatrick, Dylan Maize is dead.”
Mel started to shake her head. She groped for and sat on a chair. She stared at Price. Tears welled in her eyes. “Please, I beg you, tell me you are here to trick me? Tell me you are joking?”
“This is no joke. Dylan Maize died in a house fire. You were the last one to see him alive,” said Price.
“You know I have been Dylan’s mistress for some time. I didn’t kill him.”
“I didn’t say you did. I am asking you nicely to accompany Willard and me to the police station. We have a few loose ends that require an explanation,” said Price.
“Are you certain Dylan; my Dylan is dead?”
“Yes,” said Price.
Mel sobbed a little louder. The expression etched on her face relayed the fact she felt worried, frightened and nervous at the same time.
“Miss Kilpatrick, I have changed my mind about taking you down to the police station,” said Price.
“Detective, I will help you find the person responsible in any way I can.”
“I didn’t actually say someone murdered Dylan Maize.”
“I know first-hand my Dylan was a young fit handsome man. He had no health issues. I have drawn up my own conclusion. I’m convinced someone must have murdered him.”
“Mel, how long had you known Dylan Maize?”
Mel sat deep in the chair. She wiped her eyes and pulled the ponytail tighter. “I met my Dylan, just over two years ago.”
“How did you meet?”
“I arrived in Melbourne by train. He walked up and asked if I needed help?”
“And you hit it off? asked Willard.
“We did. I explained to Dylan, I had nowhere to live. He offered me a room at his house.”
“Here in Frankston?”
“Yes. He drove me to his home. He insisted I make myself comfortable. That night we got to know each other. We made love in his bed while the moon rose in the sky. We had a swim in his heated pool. We made love again. We were intimate from the get go.”
“What about his wife?” asked Price.
“What about her?”
“Didn’t you think it a bit untimely to be involved with a married man?”
“At the time, no. Since my parents died, I have been feeling lonely. I thoroughly enjoyed Dylan’s company. After a few months I did ask him to leave his wife to be with me.”
“What did he say?” asked Willard.
“He couldn’t contemplate ever leaving her.”
“So, you murdered the bloke?” probed Price.
“No way. I explained to Dylan, if I only stayed his mistress, I’d be more than satisfied. Detectives, Dylan looked after me. He never once spoke a harsh word. He bought this house you are sitting in for me. We dated on average three days a week. He stayed with me all night twice every week. I felt content with the arrangement.”
“Were you, honestly?”
“Yes. I told him I felt happy. He handed me gifts and bought me flowers at least once a week.”
“What sort of gifts?” asked Price.
“Earrings, a ring, a couple of necklaces, handed me money, bought me food and wine and I have already said he bought me this house.”
“Were you aware his wife knew of you and Dylan?” asked Price.
“No. As far as I knew she had no idea. I met her a while back. We talked. She came across as a nice lady.”
“Were you aware Dylan Maize increased the amount of his life insurance policy the same day he died?” asked Willard.
“Again, no, I didn’t,” said Mel. “Just for curiosity’s sake, did the policy entitle me to anything?”
“Not that I am aware of,” said Price.
“What a relief.”
“How so?” asked Willard.
“If he did state I am to receive payment, you could arrest me on suspicion of murder. I am not getting a cent. To me that proves I am innocent.”
“Not exactly. The motive is still there,” said Price.
“Detectives, I loved Dylan. Yes, I wanted to be his wife. Yes, we talked about it. Yes, the house fire and Dylan’s death makes me look as though I am guilty. I can assure you; I am innocent. I had no idea he died until you told me.”
“Do you have any electrical ties?” asked Price.
“What is an electrical tie?” asked Mel.
“You tie electrical cables together to keep them neat.”
“I don’t think I have ever seen them,” said Mel. “Why?”
“The murderer tied Dylan Maize’s wrists to the bed head then the murderer tried to cover his tracks by burning the house to the ground.”
“How horrible!” Mel sobbed again. She swiped at her fresh tears.
“I am thinking the murderer might have set up the death of Dylan Maize in such a way the coroner will report someone did murder him. Doing so, will force the insurance company to rebuild the house and pay the one million dollars into his wife’s bank account.”
“One million dollars!” quoted Mel. “Detectives, there’s your motive. Sharon must have planned to leave Dylan. To get all the insurance money she could have instigated the murder. When the house is rebuilt, she could sell it and run with even more money. Did you know she has a lover?”
“No, we didn’t. We will be interviewing her,” said Price.
“We don’t have a search warrant, but with your permission, Price and I want to take a look around,” stated Willard.
“By all means,” said Mel.
The two detectives walked out of the room. They split up and each searched half of the small home.
Price stepped into Mel’s room. She opened the few drawers and the closet. She moved some clothes hanging on individual coat hangers. Before closing the door, Price stared at the shoes on the carpet.
Back in the loungeroom, Price and Willard watched Mel smoking a cigarette.
“Thanks for your permission to snoop around a bit,” said Price.
“Anytime.” Mel walked the two detectives to the front door.
“Can we look around the front and rear of the property?” asked Price.
“You sure can.”
Mel watched the antics of the two detectives walking around the front and rear of the house. She smiled inwardly when they said their goodbyes and walked towards their police car. Mel waved innocently. They waved back and slid on to the front seat of the car. Mel closed the front door and took up her usual position at the closed curtains, wondering what they were talking about.
“What are your thoughts on Miss. Kilpatrick?” asked Willard.
“I believe she murdered Dylan Maize. We just can’t prove it.”
“What is her motive?”
“Anything and everything. Something about the murder is amiss.”
“Such as?” asked Willard.
“Mel Kilpatrick didn’t sound too upset when we told her she won’t be receiving any money,” said Price.
“Now you mention it, she didn’t come across as upset at all,” said Willard. “Take my word for it. Kilpatrick has no motive. I’m swaying into thinking Sharon Maize murdered her husband.”
“Unable to discover any proof who murdered Dylan Maize is what’s bothering me.”
Detective Price started the car’s engine and drove away from the house.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN



THE OFFICE of Detective Willard and Detective Price appeared neat. A couple of tables and a few chairs pushed under one side of both desks. One table had papers stacked neatly in the middle and a phone while the other had some photos and a phone.
Willard snatched up a small photo and stepped over to the wall. He pinned the photo to the cork covered board then pinned the information on Dylan Maize.
On the top in the middle of the board was a photo of Dylan Maize and his wife. Willard pinned Mel Kilpatrick’s name and photo directly under Dylan’s photo.
“We know Mel Kilpatrick was Dylan’s mistress. She has just celebrated her seventeenth birthday. She lived in Jindabyne. Her parents are both dead. No brothers or sisters. She lives in Frankston not far from Dylan Maize’s home. Thanks to Shyla we know Dylan and Mel Kilpatrick were together for about two years, give or take a couple of months,” said Willard.
“More than likely Dylan Maize didn’t know the age of Mel Kilpatrick when they met. I’m betting if he knew she was fifteen he would have run a mile.” Price swiped up a smidgeon of information on Sharon Maize’s lover. She pinned the information next to Sharon’s name and photo.
“It is a fair chance Dylan Maize didn’t know Mel’s age right up until the time of his murder. Mel kept it a secret from everyone. All that long hair probably attracted Dylan Maize in the first place.”
“You sound jealous,” said Price.
“Not me, no, but I have to admit her hair is a turn on.”
“Men!” growled Price.
“It is a well-known fact a bloke gets turned on by sight. Whether Mel stepped off the train in search of a rich man we have no idea. By the way, Sharon Maize should be here in about five minutes.”
“Good.” Price looked at Willard. “I am voting Mel Kilpatrick didn’t intentionally try to snag a man. Don’t look at me like that. A young fourteen-or fifteen-year-old girl from interstate, busy getting her bearings from the moment she stepped off the train wouldn’t have noticed someone watching her every move. I believe Dylan Maize just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“Or the correct place at the correct time. Either way, Mel Kilpatrick might be as guilty as sin, or innocent as the day is long,” said Willard.
“I agree. The trouble is we can’t prove which idea is the correct one. She has either planned the event and it went wrong or she meticulously planned the murder of Dylan maize. What she hinted at might be the truth.”
“About Sharon Maize wanting to murder her husband?” probed Willard.
“She does have a lover,” stated Price.
“We found nothing out of place in Mel’s home,” said Willard.
“Too clean for my liking,” said Price.
“This case might be nothing more than a robbery gone wrong. To cover his tracks the thief might be hoping we will blame Dylan’s innocent mistress. The wife might also be the innocent party too,” suggested Willard.
“Is she innocent? Maybe she talked her husband into increasing his life insurance. The minute he did, she bumped him off. She did know her husband had a lover.”
“Possible. The motive is there.”
“Something just doesn’t fit. It’s all too much of a coincidence to be a robbery gone wrong,” said Price.
“If Dylan’s wife is guilty, she didn’t cover her tacks at all,” said Willard. He rubbed the back of his neck.
“This case is becoming more complex as time goes by,” moaned Price.
“Maybe we are trying to find clues that aren’t there!”
“I think the opposite,” said Price. “We are missing vital information. When we find it, the case will be solved. We know Mel Kilpatrick is seventeen. At that age, I didn’t think too deep about anything.”
“I thought about girls.”
“You still do.”
“True. I got to get married,” moaned Willard.
“Get married,” mumbled Price. “Yes, I think you might have just solved the case. Mel Kilpatrick wanted to be married. She thought she met the ‘Mr. Right’ in Dylan Maize. He refused to leave his wife. Mel got upset and murdered him.”
“If she did, we still can’t prove it,’ said Willard.
“You got that right,” said Price. “Let’s go wait for Sharon Maize to arrive. We’ll take her into another room. I don’t want her to see the board.”



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



“EXCUSE ME,” said the Senior Constable. “I have a Miss. Sharon Tamura with me.”
Detective Price turned a little. She looked directly at Sharon Maize. “Thank you for volunteering to come in today. Care for a cup of tea? Coffee?”
“Tell me, detective, have you found my dead husband’s murderer?”
“Not as yet.”
“Then no thanks for the tea or coffee. Shouldn’t you be searching the neighborhood?”
Willard palmed his hand at the open door. “The tearoom isn’t a good place to talk. Interview room four is available.”
“Lead on,” said Price.
The trio walked down the short corridor to the end. A rectangular sign with black bold letters had been screwed to the middle of the grey painted wooden door. ‘INTERVIEW ROOM FOUR.’
The trio entered the small square sterile room. Sharon winced at the bad odor in the room. The grey walls weren’t a welcoming sight. The only window looked extra small. Four bars running lengthways down the width of the window convinced Sharon the only way out happened to be by the way she entered the room.
Price walked no more than four large steps and sat at a square table. She placed a note pad and pen on the desk top. Willard pulled out the chair opposite Price. Sharon sat staring at Detective Price.
Willard stood at the side of Sharon, eyeballing her. He took out of his coat pocket a pen and note pad. He looked poised, ready to write everything Sharon said.
“Am I being charged with something?” asked Sharon.
“No. This is an informal chat,” said Price.
“This room smells bad,” said Sharon.
“It does, yes,” said Willard. “The cleaning team are late today.”
“Spare me the sarcasm detective. I have a funeral to arrange. I want to hear you found the murderer.”
“We have a team of detectives working on doing just that,” said Price. “In the mean-time, I thought we could have a talk; to clarify a few ideas I have been thinking about.”
“Such as?”
“Why did you change your surname already?”
“It isn’t a crime to revert back to my maiden name.”
“No, it isn’t. I’m thinking it is a bit soon.”
“Each to their own,” said Sharon.
“How do you spell your new last name?” asked Willard.
Sharon stood. She folded her arms, looking at Willard.
“Please, remain seated,” insisted Price.
“T. A. M. U. R. A. Tamura.”
Willard wrote the name. He flashed a grin while Sharon sat looking directly at Price.
“Does your husband have any known enemies?”
“None I am aware of.”
“The day of the fire, do you have an alibi of your where-a-bouts?”
“I do.”
“Educate me.”
“I’d rather not say,” said Sharon.
“This is important,” hinted Willard.
“Why? I didn’t start the fire.”
“We want to discard you from the list of suspects.”
“Who else is on the list.”
“That is police knowledge.”
“Detective Price, I insist you keep what I am about to say a secret.”
“I won’t tell your secret.”
“I am serious.”
“So am I.” Price leaned across the table. “I want to discover who murdered your husband. Any knowledge you know must be told.”
“I have been seeing a man.”
“Were you with this man at the time of the fire?”
“Yes.”
“Where were you?”
“Underneath the man on his small ship.”
“Timely,” said Willard.
“Where can I find this man’s small ship?” asked Price.
“Trust me, he didn’t organize the murder of my husband.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“I have been seeing the man for over five years. We planned to marry. I promised him I’d file for divorce. I have the form in my bag.” Sharon snatched up the divorce form and slid it across the table.
Price read Sharon’s name in the correct place and pushed the paper to the side. “You were going to leave your husband?”
“Yes, in a heartbeat. My new man has promised to take me on a world cruise in his small ship. We planned to leave next week.”
“Do you love him?”
“I do. We planned to be married in Italy, his home country.”
“The bloke is Italian?” asked Willard.
“He is, yes,” said Sharon.
“Are you still going?’
“Yes. I am still going. I have never been so excited.”
Price sat back in her chair. “It appears to me, you and this Italian bloke concocted a plan to murder Dylan, get his life insurance money and leave Australia.”
“Dylan’s life insurance is not worth much. I have more in my savings account than what the policy is worth.”
“The policy is worth one million dollars Sharon, Tamura,” stated Price.
“What?”
“You sound surprised!”
“I am. Dylan’s life insurance is only worth three hundred thousand dollars.”
“He increased the amount the same day he died.”
“You are joking?”
“I kid you not,” said Price.
“This is news to me.”
“Is it?” asked Willard.
“Yes. What are you driving at? I hope you don’t think I murdered my husband?”
Price leaned against the table. She looked at Sharon’s eyes. “You have the motive. You have a lover. Dylan’s life insurance just happened to be increased on the day someone murdered him. You planned to leave Dylan. All this sounds suspicious to me.”
“I didn’t murder my husband.”
“Convince me you didn’t.”
“How? You have already made up your mind I did it.”
“I’m waiting to hear something to support your claim you didn’t commit or plan to murder your husband.”
“My lover and I never planned the murder. The man is a nice, rich, individual. He loves life. He’s not boring. He loves me. I love him. He doesn’t force me to go to work functions, or parties.”
“I’m still waiting,” said Price.
“What else can I say?”
“So far all I have heard is that you didn’t murder your husband.”
“I didn’t know his life insurance policy had been increased substantially. Detective Price, please, believe me. I’m innocent.”
“Let’s say, I believe you. Did Dylan act strange at all leading up to the night of the fire?”
“Every time I came home from one of my many trips, he seemed a little distant. Preoccupied.”
“Your trips, did they involve your lover from Italy.”
“Yes.”
“How many times did a trip involve this Italian man?”
“Every trip. He paid me to make it look as though I had been working.”
“That sentence paints another type of picture,” said Price.
“I wasn’t his whore.”
“He might have thought it. Is the man married? Does he have a family?”
“No. He is a bachelor,” answered Sharon.
Price looked sideways at Willard. “You mentioned, Dylan seemed a little preoccupied for a while?”
“Yes. I picked up on this about twelve months ago.”
“In what way did he act differently?”
“I would be talking to him and he didn’t answer. His excuse sounded legit. He said he was having some difficulty in hearing. A few days after hearing the excuse I whispered something from across the room. He answered me straight away.”
“That got you thinking?” asked Price.
“Not for a while.”
“How long.”
“At a guess, a couple of weeks.”
“Anything else?”
“About a month later I came home early. I watched Dylan making our bed. Detectives, he never made the bed. What rang the alarm bells, I noticed the new sheets. The old ones were already in the washing machine.”
“I take it Dylan never used the washing machine?” said Price.
“Never. He said he wanted to surprise me. At first, I thought it a nice gesture. Then, while we watched a movie, I decided to place the washing in the drier. I found the pillow case wrapped up in the sheet. When I unraveled it, I found the remanent of lipstick marks on the pillow case. Bright red lipstick. Also, there were a few black dots not far from the lipstick mark. I actually measured the gap between my lips and the corner of my eye. I laughed at the idea some chick other than me had been in my bed. I laughed until I measured the gap on the sheet between the red mark and the black dots. They measured the same. To help back up my theory I saw a lipstick mark on a wine glass in the dishwasher. I decided to talk to private investigator. Shyla. You might know her.”
“Willard and I both know Shyla,” said Price. “How long did it take Shyla to obtain proof Dylan was having an affair?”
“Thee-hours. Shyla handed me the photos here in the police station.”
“Do you have any photos Shyla took?” asked Willard.
Sharon reached into her shoulder bag. She slid the photo of the girl across the table. “I’d be genuinely surprised if the girl is any older than seventeen.”
“We know of this girl,” said Willard.
“Do you know her name?” asked Sharon.
“That is privileged information.”
“What harm will be done if I know the girl’s name?”
“Ask Shyla to tell you her name,” insisted Price.
“I just might do that.”
“Is there anything else you want to say?” asked Willard.
“In fact, there is. If you want a suspect you don’t have to look any further than the girl. I saw her recently at the local church.”
“You were there, because?”
“I had a date with my lover,” said Sharon.
“What day are you talking about?” asked Price.
“The day of the fire. The conversation between the girl and me became heated. In the end we were yelling. Thinking back, I yelled. She remained cock sure of herself. To me everything she said sounded planned. If you want to pin the murder on someone, pin it on the girl.”
“We have spoken to the girl. She denies any involvement in the fire.”
“Likely story.”
“Sharon, the girl also said you and her met. She said the conversation was friendly. The girl had nothing to gain from murdering your husband. She doesn’t get a dime. Nothing.”
“She did it,” stated Sharon.
“We have no proof.”
“Find some. I want to visit the girl in prison.”
“Did you ever confront Dylan about his mistress?”
“I didn’t, no. I decided to go see my lover. Detective Price, I didn’t cry over knowing Dylan had a mistress. I couldn’t cry. If I confronted Dylan, he could have turned violent. I didn’t want to end up in prison.”
“A wise idea,” said Price.
“I decided to take up my lover’s offer. The day after the fire, I planned to go back to the house when Dylan was at work, grab the money, and the gun from the safe, leave a note for Dylan saying have a good life with the girl.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, how much money was in the safe?”
“Four hundred thousand.”
“Other than the gun; anything else?”
“Two small gold bars, my diamond necklace and two pink diamond rings.”
“We discovered an empty safe,” said Price.
“I don’t have them,” said Sharon.
“Then the murderer must have stolen everything,” said Willard.
“There is you motive. The girl stole everything from the safe, murdered my husband and set the house on fire.”
“It is one possible scenario,” said Price.
“What other one is there?”
“You did it. Or planned for someone else to do it,” stated Price.
“I can see how this looks. I never did anything. The girl. Talk to the girl. She doesn’t have to be included in the insurance policy. She has the contents of the safe.”
“Miss Tamura, the few witnesses in the street told us they saw a person walking slowly along the road. This person apparently stopped. Then started walking back along the street. When the house exploded, the person again walked away from the scene.”
“The person must have been the murderer,” said Sharon. “Why aren’t you arresting the girl?”
“The few witnesses stated the person in question happened to be a man.”
“The girl must have paid someone to start the fire.”
“Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe I’m looking at the person who planned this entire murder.”
“When you find the gold bars and the rings you will know the identity of the murderer,” said Sharon.
“Thanks for your time,” said Willard.
“You are free to go. I recommend you don’t leave Melbourne,” said Price.
“I will be here for a couple of weeks after the funeral,” said Sharon.
“We’ll be in touch,” said Price.
“You are more than welcome to be at the funeral.”
“Willard and I will see you there.”
Sharon walked out of the room, closing the door behind her.
Willard sat on the chair opposite Price. “I have a headache.”
“You and me both,” said Price.
“What are your thoughts on the chat?’
“Sharon didn’t plan any part of the murder.”
“You still think Mel Kilpatrick, did it?” asked Willard.
“I do. The trouble is we can’t prove it.”
“I think we need to get a warrant to search the house of Mel Kilpatrick.”
“On what evidence?” asked Price.
“The money for a start.”
“If Mel Kilpatrick did plan the murder, we won’t find the money or any evidence. All we have are suspicious going’s on.”
“I still think we should try and find some evidence. Maybe a warrant and a team of cops searching her house will unearth something.”



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



MEL WALKED down the hallway towards the front door to her house. The moment she opened the door, Willard shoved a search warrant at her. Five cops pushed Mel to one side as they marched in.
“What is going on?” Mel asked.
“Read the warrant,” growled Price.
“You are under arrest for suspicion of the murder of Dylan Maize,” stated Willard.
“I have already explained I didn’t kill him,” argued Mel.
“Likely story,” said Willard.
“It is the truth.”
“Escort the young lady to the police car,” growled Price.
“Can I at least get changed out of my nighty?”
“No, you cannot,” growled Willard.
Price eyeballed Mel. “A bit early for bed?”
“I wanted to be comfortable. I didn’t expect cops to invade my home.”
As the cops searched the house and the grounds around the house, a constable drove the handcuffed Mel to the police station.
The police car was driven underneath the building via a side entrance. Mel and the constable rode the elevator to the ground floor. They entered the first room on their right.
“Miss. Kilpatrick, sit on the chair at the desk,” said the constable.
Mel walked over to the desk and sat, eyeballing the constable, noting he looked a little smug. “Have you had a good perv?”
“Excuse me?” asked constable.
“My nighty doesn’t hide much.”
“I hadn’t noticed.”
“Any chance I can get a coffee and a cigarette?”
The constable stepped out of the room and into the corridor. He whistled at the sergeant. Mel heard them talking in low whispers. The constable stepped back into the room and leaned casually against the wall.
The sergeant in charge of the police complex entered, carrying a few clothes and a mug of coffee. He handed Mel the clothes and waited for her to get dressed. He lit the end of her cigarette.
“Thanks,” said Mel. She tilted her head back and blew smoke into the air.
“I thought it was the decent thing to do, seeing how you weren’t allowed to get dressed when the detectives arrested you.”
Mel sat at the desk, waiting for Price and Willard to enter the room. Two hours after arresting her, they walked into the room carrying a mug of coffee each. Price and Willard sat at the desk eyeballing Mel.
“I didn’t do anything wrong.”
“We searched your house.”
“I hope you didn’t make a mess?”
“The clean up job will give you something to do when you get home.”
“Am I free to go?”
“Not yet,” said Price.
“We found men’s clothes in your closet. In fact, we believe they belonged to Dylan Maize,” said Willard. “Right or wrong?”
“They belonged to Dylan, yes.”
“Why do you have them?”
“Why shouldn’t I? Dylan came over to my house many times. He brought a change of clothes. What’s the big deal?”
“A bit odd.”
“Why?”
“Dylan could have just gone home to change.”
Detective, I was his mistress, not his mother. Dylan insisted he had a change of clothes at my house.”
“Fair comment,” said Price.
“Did you find anything else?”
“Such as?”
“Wow! gee, I don’t know. Maybe a box of matches.”
Mel sat with her legs crossed at the ankles. She had buttoned up the long coat. Price leaned back in her chair.
“There are a few questions I want to ask,” started Willard. “You have every right to phone a lawyer.”
“I don’t need a lawyer,” said Mel.
“The choice is yours.”
“I choose to forego the phone call.”
“In that case, we’ll make a start. You mentioned you said to Dylan Maize about increasing the amount of his life insurance?”
“I did.”
“Why mention it?”
“It happened to be part of the conversation we were having at the time.”
“Care to elaborate?”
“I can’t recall word for word what we talked about.”
“Think hard,” said Price.
“Tell me something, detective Price, do you remember all the words you spoke to your husband four days ago?”
“That is privileged information.”
“So is mine, yet here we are in this office and you want me to disclose every word I spoke.”
“It might help with the case.”
Mel closed her eyes and fell silent for a time. “I think I remember we had just finished making love. I remember looking directly at Dylan.”
“There’s no need to be that specific,” said Willard.
“Why? Does the idea of me being naked turn you on like all the other men?”
Willard shook his head. “No.”
“Anyway, I got to thinking, Dylan only ever wanted me to be his mistress. He explained he could never leave his wife. I think I said that’s okay. As long as I see him regularly, I’d be extremely happy. Then I said maybe he should increase the amount of his life insurance. He got a little defensive over me saying life insurance. I quickly defused the assumption I wanted his money. I explained if something should ever happen to him, his lovely wife should have more money. I also affirmed the idea I didn’t want his money. I only wanted him.”
“He told you he felt happy with the explanation?” asked Willard.
“Yes,” said Mel.
“And two hours later someone tied him up and he died in the housefire!”
“I’m still in shock over the news of Dylan’s death. I am happy his wife will receive more money.”
“Do you know how much the insurance payout will be?” asked Willard.
“I have no idea. Dylan didn’t go into specifics.”
“Come on, Miss. Kilpatrick, you must know?” said Willard.
Mel shook her head.
“I have been told the meeting you had with Dylan’s wife, Sharon Maize turned slightly hostile,” said Price.
“To some extent, yes,” said Mel.
“Tell us what happened?” asked Willard.
“Sharon must have told you what happened?”
“We know her side of the scene. Tell me yours.”
“There’s not much to tell. I met her on the steps of the church. We argued. She actually threatened me. A man driving a fancy car stopped outside the church. She walked over to him. They kissed then they drove away.”
“Tell us about your relationship with Dylan Maize?”
“I have already told you I was his mistress and he looked after me perfectly. There is nothing wrong with being a mistress to a married man. Detective Price, you should try it sometime.”
“One man is enough for me.”
“On the contrary, dating a married man is a lot of fun. The idea we might get caught by the bloke’s wife helps to stir up the excitement. I am free to do what I want on the days Dylan’s wife is home. A win, win for me. I can act single every day. When Dylan comes around, I know he wants to make love to me. Detectives, don’t look so shocked. I love the idea of keeping a secret. It isn’t against the law unless he wanted to marry me.”
“Getting back to the scene of the fatal fire,” said Willard. “Do you have any idea who might want to murder Dylan Maize?”
“No one. Dylan liked everyone. In my opinion the thief must have been a man.”
“Miss. Kilpatrick, why do you think the intruder could have been a bloke?”
“A woman isn’t as strong as a man. If Dylan caught the thief stealing from his safe, I’m positive a fight could have started. Therefore, I believe the intruder must have been a man. How could a woman fight off an angry man? You only have to look at the forced entry to ascertain the thief must have been a man.”
“In my opinion the intruder didn’t have to be strong,” said Willard.
“I beg to differ,” said Mel. “I couldn’t smash the glass. I’m not that brave or strong.”
“Come on, Mel Kilpatrick, we know that’s not true. A child could break the glass. My idea of a forced entry is someone kicking the door in or using a crow bar or screwdriver to jimmy the lock.” Price leaned forward across the table glaring at Mel.
“I hope you aren’t trying to intimidate me?”
“Never.” Price sat back in her chair.
“Good. How many times and different ways do I have to say I didn’t break into Dylan’s house, steal from his safe then burn the house to the ground.”
“The intruder knew the combination to the safe. Miss. Kilpatrick, you have admitted you knew the combination to the safe.”
“Of course, I knew. The first time I walked into Dylan’s home, he told me the numbers. Dylan trusted me enough to fetch money from the safe many times so I could go shopping.”
“I take it you saw the gold bar in the safe?”
“I did, yes. There were two. A while back I actually held one of the bars in my hand. I’d had no idea they were so heavy.”
“You knew of the four hundred thousand dollars?”
“The money, yes. The safe’s two shelves were full of one-hundred-dollar notes. The exact amount I had no idea.”
“Did you see the ring?” asked Price.
“I did. There were actually two rings in the safe. Two pink diamond rings. They were next to the diamond necklace. Sharon Maize is one lucky lady.”
“The lot is missing,” said Willard.
“What do you mean, they’re missing?”
“The safe was empty. No cash, no rings, no gold bars, no diamond necklace and no gun.”
“No gun?” Mel frowned. “I didn’t know anything about a gun.”
“Do you expect us to believe you had no knowledge of the gun?” questioned Willard.
“I swear, I had no idea. What would Dylan want with a gun?”
“Protection,” suggested Price.
“There is your motive. After Sharon discovered I was Dylan’s mistress, he must have bought the gun to protect himself from his wife. He must have been scared out of his mind. The clues fit. Sharon planned the entire murder. She knew the combination and the amount of money in the safe. The only thing she didn’t know; Dylan had increased his life insurance so his wife would be financially secure if he died.”
“What about if I told you I believe you murdered Dylan Maize?’ questioned Price.
“How could you think that. I had nothing to gain from his murder. Detective, I got nothing. In fact, I lost more than Dylan’s wife.”
“How so?” asked Price.
“I received no money. I lost a nice lover. Dylan treated me well. He showered me with gifts, nice dinners, nice wine. I loved him. Detective Willard, don’t forget I was only his mistress.”
“Thank you for your time and input,” said Willard. “You are free to go.”
Willard and Price watched Mel leave the room. They heard her walking along the corridor and heard the sergeant say have a nice day.
“We found nothing in the search,” grumbled Willard.
“I warned you this might happen. The trouble is; when we ask for another search warrant, it will be harder to obtain.”
“Do you still think Mel Kilpatrick murdered Dylan Maize?’ asked Willard.
“More than ever. We are going to follow the girl. I want a detailed time line of what she does in the day and at night. I want to know who she talks to? Hell, I want to know what she watches on the TV. That young woman, Mel Kilpatrick is up to her pretty little neck in guilt and somehow, I am going to prove it.”



CHAPTER NINETEEN



MEL OPENED the front door to her house. Before stepping inside, she could tell the police had done a good job on searching for evidence. Mel walked over her personal stuff and entered the kitchen. She looked out of the window at the backyard. In particular her little tree with the buried treasure under it. She smirked. The cops had missed it. The ground around her little tree hadn’t been disturbed.
Mel turned from the window. Displaying a sour expression, she started at the kitchen table where the pots and pans were dumped.
Mel took two hours to put everything back where they belonged. Opening the front door, she lit a cigarette and stepped out into the fresh air.
“What have we here?” she mumbled. “Detective Price and Detective Willard are on stake out. How boring.”
Mel crushed out her cigarette, walked back into the house and closed the front door.
At the side of the window, behind the curtain she watched the pair of detectives watching her house.
“Yep, very boring,” whispered Mel.
“In a few hours Mel saw the black car had been replaced with another. Two handsome cops were sitting in the front seat.
“The fresh cops must be the afternoon shift.”
Mel walked back into her bedroom. She changed into blue jeans and a pale blue shirt. For a long time, she stood at the open door to her closet, staring at her shoes on the carpet.
“The idea floating around my mind should work perfectly. It is time to go shopping.”

# # # # # #

Mel walked away from her house. She heard the engine of the black car start. At a snail’s pace the car followed her. One hundred yards from the main street of Frankston Mel noticed the driver had parked. The two cops were following her on foot.
Mel slipped into a clothes store.
The men followed. Mel explained her dilemma to the sales lady. The middle-aged woman agreed to keep the men busy. Mel slipped out of the rear shop door and ran towards the other side of the main area. She hailed a taxi.
“I want to go to a place that makes safes,” said Mel.
The man looked up the local newspaper. Found the address and drove the fifteen minutes to a group of shops further along the coast.
“I won’t be long,” said Mel.
“I’ll be parked on the beach side of the road,” said the driver.
Mel watched him park at the side of the carpark. The pier in the background stretched out across the water. Several men and a few young women were fishing.
The strip shops consisted of twenty shops. Each shop front displayed some of the items that were for sale. Next to a second-hand clothes shop, Mel studied the window display. Several safes were in different stages of being built.
“I take it the owner wants people to see how expertly they are made,” murmured Mel. She entered the shop and walked towards the counter at the rear of the store.
“Good after noon.”
Mel stepped up the counter, summing up the average size man. He wore a black shirt and jeans. He stopped tinkering with the hinges on a small safe door and ventured over.
“May I help you?”
“I hope so. I am in the market to buy a custom made safe.”
“You have come to the correct place.”
“Can you guarantee to be discreet no matter what? In other words, you must never tell your secret and we have never met.”
“Again, I say, you have come to the correct place. Do you have the exact size?”
“I haven’t, no, but I’m hoping to have a safe made the same size as my closet. About two feet in width.”
“I have them in stock out the back of the shop. Follow me, I will show you a few,” said the man.
“Thank you.”
“Call be Joe.”
“Gemma,” said Mel.
The pair shook hands.
“Now Miss. Gemma, where exactly will the safe be located. For example, in a wall, bolted to the floor, a hidden compartment?”
“A hidden compartment,” said Mel.
“I can easily do the job; however, a hidden compartment will cost a bit more.”
“How much? A ball-park amount will be fine.”
“New house or existing?”
“The safe will be in a new two storey house. It will be rebuilt soon. A fire burnt the house to the ground.”
“If I could make a suggestion. If the hidden compartment is built at frame stage the cost will be a lot cheaper.”
“That is good news,” said Mel.
Joe pointed to a safe on Mel’s left. “This safe is about the correct size for a closet. To hide it and if you agree the location will be on the second level of the house, the safe can slide down inside a wall cavity.”
“Inside a closet?”
“Exactly. I have just finished a similar one for a nice lady down the coast. She explained she wanted her jewelry to be safe.”
“Sounds perfect,” said Mel. “Is there a chance I can use a magnetic activator?”
“It will be a standard extra. I will show you one. If you like it, you can buy it. When the house is ready with the hidden wall, I’ll come along and slot the safe into place.”
Joe took out of a drawer under the bench a magnetic activator. He placed the magnetic disc against the switch on the wall. Mel watched a safe rise up from under the table.
“Perfect!” she squealed. “How much?”
“You can have this particular model installed for three hundred and seventy dollars.”
“Can I leave a deposit?”
“Certainly. Fifty dollars, and the safe is yours.”
“I don’t know how long the house will take to be rebuilt?’
“Don’t worry. It is a minor detail. Just let me know when and where. Pay me after I have finished installing the safe.”
“Mel gave Joe the fifty dollars. He handed back a receipt. The pair shook hands and with a smile on her face, Mel stepped out of the shop, walked across the road and got into the taxi.
Back in Frankston, Mel waved the taxi driver goodbye and stepped into a fish and chip shop. She arrived home at 5:00pm. The two cops didn’t look happy at being given the slip.
Mel waved to them. She entered her home and ate dinner sitting on the verandah steps enjoying the sunset.
6:50pm Mel walked back into the house; at the same time, she heard a knock on the front door. She opened the front door to the serious expression on the face of Detective Price and Willard.
“What brings you here at this hour?” asked Mel.
“I have news. The time of Dylan’s funeral is noon tomorrow.”
“Why tell me?”
“I thought, knowing you were Dylan’s mistress, you might want to pay your last respects to the man.”
“Sharon will be there!”
“Yes, she will be.”
“The idea of me being at the funeral might cause a commotion.”
“Your presence shouldn’t, provided you stay in the background.”
“Thanks for letting me know.”
Price walked away from the house. The smirk on her face proved she must have been scheming something.
“Do you think, inviting Mel to the funeral was a good idea?” asked Willard.
“I sure do.”
“Won’t Sharon cause a scene?”
“That’s the plan. Either Sharon or Mel murdered Dylan Maize. With a little luck we might be able to pin point, ‘Who.’”

# # # # # #

12:05pm, Mel paid the taxi driver. She stood at the main cemetery gates watching the car merge with all the other cars on the busy thoroughfare. Mel felt exactly how the weather looked. Lousy, bleak and overcast.
Mel decided to skip the wake and Dylan’s service. She didn’t want to cause a scene. She stepped up to the gatehouse window. The middle-aged lady sitting at a desk typing looked up.
“I am here for the funeral of Dylan Maize. Can you direct me to where he will be laid to rest?”
The lady, wearing a white skirt and blouse stepped up to the window. She pointed to three painted lines on the tarred road. “Ignore the red and green lines. Follow the solid painted blue line. Section ‘C’ is where you will end up. From there you can’t miss the newly dug gravesite,” informed the lady at the gatehouse.
“Thanks for your help.”
For a short time, Mel stood at the gatehouse thinking about Sharon. As she walked along the road following the painted blue line, she pondered the question of why Detective Price had told her the time of the funeral? Could it be Price wanted to stir up trouble with Sharon? It was a forgone conclusion all hell will breakout when Sharon sees her at the gravesite.
Mel dropped a tear. Although Dylan broke her heart, she still loved the man. After all, he happened to be her first love.
By the time Mel arrived at the site of the freshly dug hole, more tears flowed over her cheeks. She wiped them away with a tissue.
Mel sat at the base of a large gumtree. Several leaves fell about her feet. It didn’t take too much longer to see the cavalcade coming towards her.
Mel walked off about fifty feet to another gumtree. The tree appeared younger than the one she sat under. Only one leaf fell on to the road.
The black hearse stopped next to the gravesite. About a hundred and fifty mourners slowly wandered over to the grave.
Mel noted the coffin looked shiny. A large reef of flowers of various colors had been placed on the lid.
So as to hear what the priest said, Mel walked back to where she sat under the gumtree. The breeze felt stronger and the temperature seemed to plummet the longer she stayed. Mel wandered over to what little sunlight remained. She secretly hoped the rain stayed away long enough for the final part of the funeral to be played out.
On Mel’s left at the rear of the large group, she spied Detective Price and Willard. Her eyelids narrowed. Price met her gaze. She nodded.
The anger emotion Mel swallowed, felt worse than swallowing long sharp sowing pins a female seamstress used when making clothes. The gravesite was definitely not the place to fight or yell.
As the group dropped a single red rose on the coffin, a woman, dressed in a nice dark skirt and blouse walked towards Mel. She smiled and handed her a long stem rose. Without a word she palmed her hand at the coffin.
Mel walked towards the deep hole. She could hear whisperings from a few of the ladies in the group. Just as she dropped her rose on the coffin’s lid, Sharon grabbed hold of Mel’s arm, forcing her to look at her.
“What do you think you are doing here?”
“I have come today to pay my last respects.”
“Leave. You aren’t welcome here.”
“Why not?”
“You know the answer,” snarled Sharon. Her teeth were clamped shut, but her lips were moving at speed.
“I didn’t murder Dylan,” said Mel.
“You did.”
“Not.” Mel knew the two detectives were more than interested in the confrontation. She must, under all circumstances, play down any accusation and hurtful words Sharon might say. She must be portrayed as the innocent one and Sharon as the bad person. Above all else, the cops must consider Sharon as their number one suspect.
Out of the corner of her eye, Mel saw both detectives walking towards Sharon and Mel. So too, did the crowd of mourners.
Sharon unexpectantly grabbed Mel by the shoulders. Mel stepped back. Sharon tightened her grip.
“Let me go!” shrieked Mel.
“Not until you confess you murdered my husband.”
“I didn’t murder Dylan. He told me many times he loved me more than you, but he couldn’t accept me as anything more than his mistress. I made sure I kept him fulfilled.”
“You little whore.” Sharon spat at Mel’s face.
Mel lifted her hand and wiped the moisture away. Sharon dragged Mel closer to her. Mel again retaliated. She shuffled sideways. The tug of war began. Sharon pushed; Mel shoved. Both girls shuffled around in circles. The mourners and the two detectives couldn’t have been any more than ten feet from the two ladies. The priest a little closer. He reached out to break up the fight.
“Admit it!” screamed Sharon. She pulled Mel closer, expecting Mel to pull away.
Inwardly, Mel smirked. She pushed. The heel on Sharon’s left high heel shoes sank into the dirt at the edge of the hole. Mel pushed again at the same time Sharon pushed. Sharon’s eyes widened in fear. She had felt the ground start to give way. If Mel leaned back, the girl could easily pull her away from the hole.
Mel stepped forward just enough for Sharon to lose her balance. Sharon’s fingernails dug into Mel’s flesh. She knew the outcome of the fight. So did the priest and the mourners.
They were all helpless to stop the inevitable.
The priest took hold of Sharon’s arm. His eyes widened as Mel, Sharon, and the priest fell into the hole. They landed on top of the coffin. Sharon’s left shoulder hit hard, cracking the coffin lid. Mel landed a little lower, winding Sharon. The priest crashed down on Mel’s lower back.
The two ladies and the priest screamed then moaned in pain.
The mourners and the two detectives looked down on the trio. They didn’t know what sound might erupt first; a laugh, a scream or a yell.
Willard dropped prone on the grass. He reached down and took hold of the priest’s hand, helping him to stand. Willard scrambled to a squat position and helped the priest out of the hole.
Willard again dropped to a prone position. He took hold of Mel’s hand and helped her to stand. From a squat position he started to pull her out of the hole. Sharon lashed out with a tight-fisted punch to Mel’s ribs.
Mel screamed in pain. Willard managed to pull her out of the hole and sat her on the ground. Mel coiled in a ball hugging her ribs.
The moment Sharon got pulled out of the hole she marched over and kicked Mel in the back twice, before Willard could stop her. Price dragged Sharon, kicking and screaming away from the scene, towards the police car.
“Why did you attack Mel Kilpatrick?” question Price.
“She had it coming to her,” spat Sharon.
“She might have, but a funeral is not the place for violence,” said Price.
“The girl is going to get away with murdering my husband.”
“Unless I can prove Mel Kilpatrick did murder your husband, yes, she will get away with it. Your little stunt at the gravesite didn’t help your case. In fact, you pushed yourself up to the position of number one suspect.”
“I did not kill my husband.”
“I believe you or Mel did. As she has said all along, she is innocent. She gets nothing out of his death. You do.”
“Dylan had a mistress. That girl. I am telling you Detective Price; she murdered my husband.”
Price opened the rear door of the police ar. She shoved Sharon on to the seat. “Stay. If I, were you, I’d start praying the girl doesn’t want to press charges. If she does, you will be taken down to the police station and charged instead of being driven to the after party with all the other mourners.”
Price slammed the door shut. She pointed at Sharon. Looking at Willard, she whispered. “Watch her.”
Price walked over to where Mel still lay on the grass. She heard an ambulance approaching.
“Mel, how are you feeling?”
Mel opened her eyes. “Very sore. The woman who attacked me, cracked a rib.”
“Do you want to press charges?”
“I should, but I won’t. I just want to go home.”
“I’ll talk to the ambulance officers when they arrive.”
Price walked over to the priest. He had been given a chair to sit on. Price thought he looked a little comical holding his head in his hands.
“Sir, are you okay?”
The priest stood leaning against one of the chair arms. “Yes, I’m fine. In all my years as a priest and the countless funerals I have conducted, I have never witnessed anything like this funeral.”
“Me either,” said Price.
“I’m about ready to be taken back to the church. Thanks for asking how I feel. I will go and pray for the two ladies. I am hopeful they will make amends.”
“I highly doubt it.”
Price walked back to where Sharon still sat in the rear of the police car. The ambulance stopped and the officers walked across the grass towards Mel. They had her sitting on the grass and were deep into examining her.
“Sharon Tamura, this is your lucky day. You are free to go. Mel Kilpatrick won’t be pressing charges. Allow me to caution you. Stay away from the girl.”
Sharon opened the car door and marched away from the burial site and towards her sister. Willard and Price watched the crowd disperse. In a few minutes they were gone.
“Your little experiment didn’t go quite according to plan,” whispered Willard.
“No. It didn’t. One thing I’m convince of is; Sharon or Mel murdered Dylan Maize. Either that or they planned it and had someone do their dirty work. I think it is time to revisit the home of the witnesses. Maybe with a bit of luck they might remember something more.”



CHAPTER TWENTY


Melbourne
The 1st Tuesday in November


TEN WEEKS after the funeral, Mel placed her new outfit on the bed. She opened the large box and pulled out the black fascinator. Her short dull red dress with the extra low back and the low-cut front, black high heeled shoes, black bag and the black fascinator had taken a several hours to find. Mel walked over to her dresser, she opened the top drawer and grabbed the thousand dollars. Three days earlier, in the dead of night, she dug up and counted out one thousand dollars, replaced the bag in the hole and covered the lot with dirt. To mask her dig she watered her tree then smoothed over the dirt.
The Melbourne Cup, the 1st Tuesday in November always attracted countless men. Rich men. Mel wanted another man in her life. Her criteria had three rules. The man must be handsome, single and rich.
Mel dressed in front of her full-length mirror. She brushed her long blonde hair. The last item to be added to her attire happened to be the fascinator. She placed it behind her left ear. Mel stuffed her one thousand dollars into her purse and dropped it into her bag, next to the pocket knife and the small plastic bag half full of sleeping powder. The same powder that had made Dylan fall asleep the night of the fire.
Displaying a smile, she opened the door, noting the black cop car had been parked no more than five houses away. Confidently she walked along the road. At the last moment she approached the car. Too late for the two cops to do anything except sit and talk to Mel.
“Good morning, guys. I’m off to the Melbourne Cup races.”
“Hello, Mel Kilpatrick.”
“You are excused for the day.”
“We weren’t watching your house,” said the handsome cop sitting behind the steering wheel.
“Yeah right! And I’m not Mel Kilpatrick. To prove to you I’m off to the races, I don’t suppose you’d agree to give me a lift to the train station?”
The two cops looked at each other. They shrugged at the same time.
“Jump in.”
Mel opened the rear door and slid on to the seat. “Thanks guys. I feel a bit embarrassed at being so dressed up. At the racecourse I will blend in, but at the moment I feel as though I stick out something shocking.”
“You do stand out,” said the cop sitting on the front passenger seat.
“Do I look okay?”
“Perfect,” said the driver, eyeballing Mel in the rear-view mirror.
Mel watched the man watching her. She smiled. He smiled back. “Please, watch the road.”
The driver went red in the face. Unintentionally he drove a little faster towards the train station.
“If I meet a nice man at the races I mightn’t be home tonight,” hinted Mel.
“We’ll keep the information under our hat,” said the driver.
“Say, if I do get back and it is dark, can you guys pick me up at the train station?” taunted Mel. “A girl can’t be too careful these days. I don’t want to be attacked.”
“Ring the police station. Tell them to call Steve over the two-way radio.”
“Shall do.”
Mel stepped down from the car, walked to the open passenger window and leaned in. She kissed the man square on the lips. “I might see you tonight.”
“Have a fun time at the races.”
“I hope so.”
Mel waddled her arse that bit harder, teasing the two men in the car. They watched her until the train took her away from Frankston towards Melbourne.
“What a tease,” said Steve.
“I agree wholeheartedly.”
“How did the kiss feel.”
“Amazing. If we pick her up, I reckon she’ll kiss you goodnight.”
“Damion, get a grip. The girl can’t be any older than seventeen. Don’t forget she might be a murderer.”
“Steve, someone as beautiful as Mel Kilpatrick can’t be a murderer.”
“Just stay away from the girl,” insisted Steve.
“Come on, let’s get back to the stake out. With any luck someone might turn up while Mel is at the races.”

# # # # # #

Halfway to Melbourne the train stopped at a station. The sea in the distance sparkled in the sunlight. A young man wearing blue jeans and a shirt that had the inscription. ‘Who cares about life,’ boarded the carriage.
In the train’s window Mel watched the man walking towards her. For a short time, the late teenager hovered over Mel.
“G’day,” said the man.
“Hello.”
The man sat opposite Mel. He smirked. The few other commuters sitting in the carriage went back to what they were doing.
“Hello gorgeous,” said the young man.
“You have said hello already,” stated Mel. The tone in her voice didn’t sound too thrilled at having to talk to the nineteen-year-old teenager.
“It’s my way of getting your attention. To create an opening to begin a conversation.”
“I don’t want to talk to you,” said Mel.
“Why not? I’m young. Your young. I’m handsome. You are beautiful. I think we should get to know each other.”
“I don’t.” Mel again looked at the scenery whizzing past the window.
The lad leaned forward, placing his hands on Mel’s knees. She felt him trying to push her legs apart.
“I can tell you are going to the Melbourne Cup.”
“The way I’m dressed is a bit of a giveaway.”
Mel again felt the lad trying to push her legs open.
“Want to go back to my place?” asked the late teen lad. “We can have a shower together. I can drive you?”
“No thanks. I’m meeting my partner at the race track.”
“You are not,” snarled the man.
Mel couldn’t stand the smell of the man. She pushed his hands off her knees and stood. As the train slowed on its approach to the next station she walked towards the other end of the carriage. Halfway to the rear of the carriage the man stepped in her path, forcing her to stop.
“I have made my intentions perfectly clear,” said Mel.
“I don’t care what you think. I want to see what’s under your dress.”
“Here, in the carriage?”
“Why not?”
“The other commuters might get a little upset.”
“I don’t care about them.”
Mel smirked mischievously, thinking back to the school yard and how easily the boys agreed to pay her for the privilege of the peep show. “If I show you, will you leave me alone?”
“Maybe?”
“How much?” asked Mel.
“How much for what?”
“For a peep show.”
“I’m not paying you anything.”
“You expect me to do something I don’t want to do and not get a cent?”
“Yep.”
Mel rolled her eyes. She again started walking towards the rear of the carriage where no one could see. She stopped and looked over her shoulder. “Coming?”
The lad bounded along the carriage. His grin revealed he felt excited to the eyeballs. Mel had seen the look too many times to count. ‘Men,’ she thought inwardly. ‘They are so easily read then led.’
Standing in the rear corner of the carriage, Mel winked at the young bloke as she placed her four-hundred-dollar handbag on the seat. She displayed the look of a confident young woman. Noting all the commuters had disembarked the train carriage, Mel lifted up her short skirt with her left hand, at the same time her right hand pushed a sharp bladed pocket knife into the young man’s stomach.
The young man groaned. His eyes were wide.
Mel twisted the blade back and forth, staring at the man’s dark eyes. She saw his eyelids close.
As the man lay prone on the seat, she extracted the knife. A quick wipe of the blade on the man’s trouser leg and she hid the knife from view. She sat on the seat next to the man. Her grin looked friendly and lovable.
At Melbourne’s Flinders Street train station, Mel followed the commuters up the ramp. The young lady in front of her wore a blue dress and carried a black handbag.
“Are you going to the Melbourne Cup?” asked Mel.
The young lady glared at Mel. “What’s it got to do with you?”
“I was just making small talk,” said Mel.
“Don’t bother.”
Mel watched the girl walk towards the taxi rank. She talked to the driver and got into the car. The driver then drove off towards the racetrack.
Mel stepped onto the footpath and walked towards the closest tram.
Behind her she heard someone shouting at the few police. They took off in a fast sprint towards the train as Mel boarded the tram on her final leg of the journey to the Melbourne races.
“Hello there,” said a man. He had stepped into the tram. He stood behind Mel holding the overhead brown leather strap.
Mel turned a little, pushing her fingers though her long curly hair. She looked at the man who had spoken. His tanned handsome face, his business suite and his after shave announced he could be rich.
“Hello to you,” said Mel.
“You look young,” said the man.
“I am. Not such a long time ago I had my 18th birthday,” Mel lied. She intended to hide the fact she celebrated her seventeenth birthday a few months back.
“Happy birthday,” sang the man. He leaned forward, kissing Mel on the cheek. “I’m Luke Macdonell.”
“You can call me Mel.”
“I saw you exit the train station. I love your long thick curly hair. It suits you.”
“Thanks for the compliment. You look handsome yourself.”
“Are you going to the races? I mean are you going to meet someone at the races?”
“I thought I’d enter the Flemington racecourse by myself. One never knows what goodies a girl might find.”
“It will be my honor to escort you safely for the remainder of the trip. If you are single, I’d love to buy you a drink or two. Maybe a meal?”
“Sounds like a solid plan,” said Mel.
“This tram we are on takes us to Spencer Street station. We can catch the train to the racecourse. We can be at the entrance in about twenty minutes.”
Mel battered her black eyelashes at the man. “Another nice idea.”
Luke paid the two entrance fees into the racecourse and linked his arm around Mel’s. They followed the throng of race goers along the tarred section of road to the main pavilion.
Inside the rectangular shaped complex, Mel estimated there could have been up to nine hundred people. They were crowding around the bookies, trying to place their bet on the second race of the day.
A short bookie wearing blue jeans and a white shirt jumped off his stool. He yelled at a couple of ladies dressed to impress who asked him what time the Melbourne Cup horse race started.
“The race that stops the nation starts at exactly 3:00pm. Race seven.”
Luke escorted Mel towards a small restaurant not far from the main pavilion. They were shown a vacant table in the sunshine. Sitting at the square table, Mel and Luke got to know each other. They placed a hundred dollars on each race and won a third of the time. They ate lunch in the same small restaurant and at the same square table. Mel took to noticing Luke appeared to be quite interested in the contents of her purse.
Race six came and went. Mel and Luke placed their bet on the Melbourne Cup race and wandered over to the fence. They saw the horses being ridden past them and cheered the winner. Mel actually won a few hundred dollars while Luke lost his money.
On the train back to the Melbourne CBD, Luke held Mel’s hand. “I have a room in the hotel on Collins Street. I actually live in Sydney. I have come down to Melbourne for the cup carnival.”
“You are full of surprises,” said Mel.
“I am.”
“What career did you say you were into?” asked Mel.
“I must confess, I am an artist. I draw and paint people. The lines on your face and that hair of yours has sparked my attention. May I draw you?”
“Is that the only reason you are drawn to me?”
“Yes.”
“I thought you said you owned a sheep station?’
“I exaggerated the truth. My parents own the sheep station. They are wealthy; I am not. My parents told me to find my own way in the world. My father handed me thirty thousand dollars and sent me on my way.”
“I see,” said Mel.
“You disapprove?”
“A little. You actually lied to me.”
“I didn’t. I just didn’t tell you everything about me.”
Mel smiled. “I would love for you to draw me.”
Luke and Mel entered the hotel at 6:00pm. The single room appeared to be no larger than a shoebox. The TV, the bed and the kitchen filled up the room.
Mel walked to the window. “The view out of the seventh-floor window is nice,” she commented.
“It is, yes. While I set up my drawing board why don’t you get undressed and make yourself comfortable on the settee?”
“You draw people in the nude?”
“I do.”
“I’ll go pour us a wine each,” said Mel.
“None for me,” said Luke.
“Please, you have to join me. I don’t like drinking alone.”
“Just the one,” said Luke.
“It only takes the one.”
Mel walked across the floor to the kitchen. When Luke had his back to her and looked busy preparing his tools of the trade, Mel reached into her bag and snatched up the small plastic bag with the crushed sleeping powder. She poured the entire contents into the wine glass and replaced the bag in her shoulder bag. She opened a bottle of wine she found in the cupboard next to the refrigerator and poured the white wine into two glasses.
“I’m ready for you,” announced Luke.
“And I am ready for you.” Mel walked up to Luke. She kissed him square on the lips. “After you have drawn me, I think we should make love.”
“I love that idea,” said Luke. “In fact, I didn’t know how to ask you.”
“Have you ever made love before?”
“Never,” said Luke.
“Well, drink up. I think we should make love before you draw me.”
Luke drank the contents of his wine glass and licked his lips. Mel placed her glass on the coffee table and started kissing the man. A few minutes romping on the bed and Luke fell unconscious. Mel straightened her clothes, picked up her shoulder bag and walked out of the room. She pressed the elevator call button, smiled at the young married girl who still wore her white lace bridal gown. The young man she married looked Mel up and down. He raised his eyebrows as he ran to catch up with his new wife.
“Men! They are all the same,” muttered Mel. She stepped into the elevator and pressed the ground floor button.
Outside the hotel, Mel hailed a taxi. “Frankston.”
The driver didn’t speak a word the entire thirty-five-minute trip. He stopped on the side of the road outside Mel’s house. Mel leaned forward and paid the fare. The driver flashed a grin as she stepped down from the car. Standing in her driveway she watched the taxi being driven along the road. Mel waved at the two cops and opened the front door to her house. She went to sleep. Alone. Luke Macdonald was one lucky bloke.
He lived to see another day.



CHAPTER TWENTY ONE



MEL SAT at the kitchen table reading the local newspaper. The real estate section came next. She scrutinized every house in the for-sale section. Then she saw it. Dylan’s burnt house. She read the article. She could feel her excitement growing. The house, when rebuilt will be for sale.
Mel, dressed in blue jeans and a pink shirt walked out of her house; thankful the two cops were ordered to end their stake out.
Mel marched into Frankston. At the corner shop closest to the beach, she studied the photos of houses in the window. On the bottom row, right of center she saw the burnt-out shell of Dylan’s house.
Mel entered the real estate shop and keeping her excitement in check, she casually walked up to the woman sitting at the closest desk.
“Good morning. I’m Marie Thomas.”
“I am Mel Kilpatrick. I am wondering, the burnt-out house, is it still for sale.”
“It will be. When the house is rebuilt exactly how it was before the house caught fire, the house will be sold.”
“I am interested in buying the property.”
“Can I ask why?”
“The house backs on to the beach sand.”
“How do you know this?”
“I walked past the house last week. I saw the sea.”
“The owner is asking over two hundred thousand dollars,” said Marie.
“That’s fine. My parents died a few years back. The sale of their house covers the cost of what the owner is asking.”
“Sounds fair enough. If I could get a deposit, I can write the details of the sale.”
Mel snatched out of her bag five hundred dollars. Together Marie and Mel counted the money.
“Sorry, I don’t have any more with me today.”
“That’s fine,” said Marie. “The house won’t be ready to move into for another twelve months.”
“Perfect,” answered Mel. Her voice sounded high pitched, almost on the verge of screaming with excitement.
Marie wrote up the sale and handed a copy to Mel. She signed both papers, kept one and handed the original to Marie, who filed the sale.
Mel stood, shook Marie’s hand and walked out of the shop with a skip in her step. Mel walked along ‘The Avenue’ stopping outside number 152. For a long time, she viewed the once glamorous house. Soon the place will be hers. Mel giggled. Through wide eyes she glanced up and back down the street. Only the one person watched her. The man from two doors further along the street. He watched her from behind his thick front hedge. She could only see his face, eyes, bald head and long grey beard. Mel waved at the man. Without so much as a wave back, he turned away from the hedge and walked back inside his house.
“I can’t wait to move in,” whispered Mel. “The moment the builders are putting together the frame I will go visit the man who makes the safe.”

# # # # # #

“Morning detectives. Did you win on the Melbourne Cup?” The desk sergeant stepped up to his side of the main desk.
“My horse is still running,” said Price.
“I won twenty dollars,” said Willard.
“It’s been a quiet morning so far. Touch wood.” The sergeant tapped the side of the wooden charge counter.
“Good,” said Price.
Willard looked a little puzzled at the desk sergeant.
“If you tap something wooden the day will remain quiet,” explained the sergeant.
“That is an old wives’ tale,” said Willard.
“It works,” said the sergeant.
Price shook her head. “I didn’t sleep too good last night. Dylan Maize’s murder is bugging me no end.”
“You might have to let it go,” said Willard.
“I can’t. I am convinced Kilpatrick murdered the man.”
“If she did or didn’t, we can’t prove anything,” said Willard.
“Maybe I can add a piece to the puzzle,” said the desk sergeant.
Price and Willard looked directly at the man.
“How?” asked Willard.
“The weekly file has been updated. To give me something to do, and to stop from being bored last night and drinking too much coffee, I skimmed through the changes. A young man by the name of Luke Macdonald rang the police. He said he had been drugged in a hotel in Melbourne on the evening of cup day.”
“Not interested,” said Price.
“You might be when I tell you the name of the suspect.”
Price stopped walking along the corridor and looked over her shoulder at the desk sergeant.
“The bloke said he met this girl on a tram. They got together. They were going to have a good night with plenty of loving when he felt dizzy. He woke up three hours later. It didn’t take him long to discover the girl left.”
Price walked back and leaned on the charge counter. “So?”
“The young man’s description of the girl matches the one you were interested in. The one who is keeping you awake at night. The girl has long curly hair. Blonde. Ring a bell?”
“Did the bloke say the girl’s name?”
“Mel Kilpatrick.”
The desk sergeant handed over the updated file. The manilla folder appeared to be at least a half inch thick. “Take a look under the name; Luke Macdonald.”
Willard and Price walked down the corridor and entered interview room one. Price placed the folder on the desk and opened it. She easily found the name. With a coffee mug at the ready, both detectives read the police report Luke Macdonald had said.
“I met Mel Kilpatrick on the tram on the way to the Melbourne Cup horse race. The girl looked gorgeous. We chatted. We hit it off. We had lunch at the racecourse. Later we had dinner and went back to my hotel room for love making. I remember her pouring a glass of wine each. Soon after, I felt a little dizzy. Mel said it might have been the wine. I sat on the bed. The next thing I knew three hours had ticked off. I supposed Mel went home. I hadn’t been robbed, but I think I might have been slipped sleeping tablets in my glass of wine.”
“Interesting,” said Willard.
“If Mel Kilpatrick did murder Dylan Maize and I’m betting she did, this report from Luke Macdonald has me believing he is one lucky bloke. For whatever reason, Mel didn’t go through with the murder.”
“Maybe we should go have a chat with the girl,” said Willard.
“Yes. This time, I think we should have a talk in this room.”
Price gathered up the file. Her and Willard walked down the corridor towards the charge desk. Price dropped the file on the bench and followed Willard out of the police complex.

# # # # # #

Willard and Price parked in the driveway of Mel’s small house. For a short time, they watched for any movement at the front two windows. Seeing none, they walked up to the front door. Price knocked five times on the wooden front door.
“I’m on my way,” called a muffled voice, from somewhere deep in the house.
Price and Willard heard the front door lock click. They watched the door open a tad.
“You two again?” asked Mel, opening the door wide.
“Mel Kilpatrick, we want you to come down to the police station,” said Willard.
“This sounds serious,” said Mel.
“It could be,” said Price.
“Can you give me a minute to lock up.”
“Sure.” Price stepped into the house, watching Mel walk from room to room locking the doors and shutting the windows.
Mel grabbed her house key on the way out of the house. “What is all this about?”
“We will explain everything at the police station,” said Willard.
“Do I need a lawyer?”
“Only if you have done something illegal,” stated Price.
Mel slid on to the rear passenger seat. Price gunned the car’s motor. The only part of the short trip Mel could remember was seeing the artist lady open her front door. She stood watching the police car moving at speed along the road.
Willard opened the door to interview room one. Mel, Price then Willard entered.
“Take a seat,” said Price.
Mel sat at the small square table, opposite Price.
“Keep your hands where I can see them,” snarled Price.
Mel clasped her fingers together and placed her hands on the surface of the table.
Price pressed the record button on the tape recorder and pushed the small square unit closer to Mel.
“This interview is going to be recorded. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.”
“But I have done nothing illegal,” said Mel.
“The time of this interview is exactly 10:07am,” said Price.
Mel leaned closer to the tape recorder. “Ask your questions, Detective Price.”
“I want you to tell me about what you did yesterday; Melbourne Cup Day?”
“A bit uneventful,” answered Mel.
“Did you go to the Melbourne races?”
“I did, yes, just like a few thousand other people.”
“Did you get dressed up?”
“I did.”
“Tell me what you wore?”
“A short dull red dress. High heels. I wore a black fascinator in my hair.”
“Did you meet anyone at the races?”
“No. I met this nice young man on the tram.”
“Do you know his full name?”
“Luke Macdonald.”
“Tell me about the man?”
“Luke told me he arrived from Sydney for the horse race. We hit it off. He paid for my entrance ticket into the racecourse. We had lunch then dinner. We went back to his hotel room.”
“Did you have sex?”
“That question is a bit personal.”
“I want you to answer the question.”
“Without embarrassing Luke, no we didn’t. I poured us a glass of white wine. We both sculled the drink. A few minutes later he said he felt dizzy. I helped him to the bed. He sat on the edge with his eyes closed. While I watched him, he flopped back on the bed.”
“Did you make sure he had a pulse?”
“I didn’t have to. Luke started snoring. I figured he couldn’t hold his wine. I gathered my shoes and left.”
“You left?” echoed Price.
“I did. I hailed a taxi and came home to my place.”
“As far as you know, Luke Macdonald was still alive when you left the room.”
“Yes,” said Mel. “Why? He didn’t die?”
“No, Luke is still alive.”
“Good. So, why am I here?”
“Luke believes he might have been poisoned.”
“By who?”
Price leaned across the table, staring directly at Mel. “You.”
“I did no such thing. If someone poisoned Luke he’d be dead.”
“True,” said Willard.
“Did you spike Luke’s drink?”
“No,” said Mel, rather forcefully.
“If you did, it is not a crime. A girl escaping the clutches of a man. Did he get a little rough for your liking? Did he put the hard word on you? Did Luke Macdonald threaten your safety in anyway?”
“No to all of those questions,” said Mel.
“It is okay. You can say. I’ll give you a pat on the back for escaping a bad situation,” said Price.
“Luke treated me with respect.”
“At all times?”
“Yes. He happened to be the perfect gentleman. I will go so far as to say, I could see a future with Luke.”
“Why then didn’t you stay?”
“After he fell asleep, I decided maybe I should try and find another nice man. Maybe someone a little older than Luke. If he couldn’t keep his drinking to a minimum, I shudder to think what he might be like in ten years-time.”
Price leaned back in her chair, still glaring at Mel.
“I take it you have asked all your questions?”
“I have. Unless Detective Willard has any, you are free to go,” said Price.
Willard raised his hands. “I’m good.”
Mel walked out of the room and marched down the corridor. She stepped out of the police complex, exhaled her anger and started walking home.
Price stopped the tape recorder by pressing the ‘Off’ button a little too hard. “Mel Kilpatrick has to be swimming in guilt.”
“I’d have to agree. All this is too coincidental,” said Willard.
“Maybe she decided the Melbourne Cup might have been the place to snag another rich bachelor. She might have actually thought Luke Macdonald was a rich bloke. When she discovered he wasn’t, she slipped sleeping tablets into his wine. Being in a hotel and not a house, like last time, which resulted in a fire and Dylan Maize a dead man, she might have decided to allow Luke to live. Her plans were spoiled due to the fact he rented a small room in a hotel.”
“Lucky man,” said Willard.
“We might never know how lucky he actually was,” said Price.



CHAPTER TWENTY TWO


Melbourne
August 1978


MEL SAT at the kitchen table. In front of her was a small round birthday cake with three candles in the middle. The chocolate icing covered the top surface of the cake. Mel lit the three candles. She sat back.
“Happy 18th birthday to me.” Mel sang the traditional birthday song. “Today is the day I purchase the house at 152 The Avenue Frankston. Sharon gets her money. I get her house.”
Mel ate a large portion of the cake then placed the remainder in the refrigerator. She then checked the neighbor’s house on either side of hers. Satisfied the owners were gone for the day, she marched to her little tree in the rear corner of the property. She dug a small hole, pulled the tree out of the ground and kept digging.
At a depth of three feet, Mel pulled the two bags out of the ground. She quickly replaced the dirt, the tree and the rope in the ground and smoothed over the dirt.
Inside, and away from prying eyes, Mel pulled the blinds down and turned on the overhead light. Mel sat at the kitchen table. She opened the two bags, dropping the piles of money on the table. For the next three hours Mel counted out the amount she needed to buy the house.
Stashing the remainder of the money, the two gold bars and the three diamond rings inside one of the bags and slotting the bag into the toilet cistern, Mel packed the other bag and walked out of her house and towards the bank.
12:30 in the afternoon in Frankston seemed a little quieter than usual. Mel entered the bank. The three tellers looked bored at doing not much at all. One of the tellers, a handsome dark-haired man who looked to be twenty-five, placed the closed sign in front of his narrow window, looked at his watch and walked away, leaving two tellers to choose from.
An elderly woman shuffled past Mel, thinking she had the right to jump the queue. The old woman shuffled up to the teller, closest to the right-hand side of the bank. The girl teller looked up.
“Good afternoon, Gladys. You seem a little flustered today?”
“I wanted to beat the young girl. I pushed past her. You know I only like to be served by you.”
Mel calmy stepped up to the one remaining teller. She eyeballed the elderly woman customer with contempt.
“May I help you?” asked the male teller. He smiled and acted professional. The wrinkles on his forehead depicted him to be close to fifty-years-old. The grey suit he wore looked wrinkle free.
“I’d like to have a bank cheque made out to a Sharon Tamura,” said Mel.
“Certainly. How much will the cheque be?”
“The amount is; two hundred and thirty-seven thousand, five hundred dollars.”
“A large amount,” said the man.
“I’m buying her house.”
“Have you been approved for the loan?”
“I don’t need a loan. I have the cash.”
“Hand me your bank book. I’ll complete the transaction.”
“I don’t have a bank book with me. I have the cash,” whispered Mel.
“I see. I won’t be a moment,” said the man.
Mel watched him walk into a small room on her left. He spoke to a man who might be in his late fifties.
The man beckoned Mel into the room. “Take a seat.” The bloke shut the door and walked to the desk. He sat opposite Mel with his arms folded.
“Is there a problem with the bank cheque?” asked Mel.
“No, not at all. The amount is quite large. Out there anyone could be watching the money. This branch has never been robbed. I don’t want anything to spoil the reputation.”
“Fair comment,” said Mel.
“I’m the bank manager; Robert Faxton.”
Mel shook the man’s hand, noting the man’s black tie looked a little long. His black suit had several wrinkles in the sleeves. “I’m Mel Kilpatrick. Miss. Mel Kilpatrick.”
“Now we know each other’s name shall we get down to counting the cash?”
Mel upturned her zip bag. The bundles of money dropped on to the desk. Mel watched Faxton count the money using a money counter. The notes were placed on the machine. Faxton pushed the start button and the money was easily counted.
“It took Mel hours to count the money at her place. In the bank the job only took twenty minutes. Robert Faxton typed up the cheque. He signed the dotted line, placed the cash in the vault and handed Mel the cheque.
“Thank you for the wonderful service,” said Mel.
“My pleasure,” said Faxton. “Good luck with the house.”
Mel pushed the cheque into her bag, shook Faxton’s hand and walked out of the bank.
The excited voice of the real estate lady sounded over powering when Mel handed her the bank cheque.
“Sharon Tamura will be pleased.”
“I hope so,” said Mel. She held out her hand. “May I have the key?”
Mel walked out of the shop and hurried down The Avenue. For only a couple of minutes she stopped at house number 152, watching the builders working.
“Hello, there,” called Mel, from what will be the front window.
“Hello, back.”
A few high-pitched whistles accompanied the greeting. Every worker in the house stopped what they were doing and watched Mel step up to the foreman, an unshaven man who wore light brown shorts and a dark blue shirt.
“Can I help you with something?”
“I’m Mel Kilpatrick. I owe this place. Can I ask you for a favor? I don’t mind paying.”
“Ask away,” said the man. “Call me Scott.”
“If it isn’t too much trouble, Scott, can I ask for an extra closet space to be built?”
“Show me where and I will build it, Sweetheart.”
Mel cringed at hearing the word. She hated the title. She faked a smile and pointed to the concrete floor underneath the main bedroom. “Directly underneath the closet.”
Scott marked the exact place with a pencil. He whistled for an apprentice to do the job. “I have to leave. Grant will help out.”
Mel explained to the young man exactly what she wanted. The seventeen-year-old boy nodded enthusiastically. He marched over to a stack of timber lengths on the floor. Measured each length of wood twice and cut each one only the once. Mel watched him quickly build the compartment for her.
“Perfect. Thank you for your expertise,” said Mel.
“No worries.”
Mel slipped a roll of twenty-dollar notes into the pocket of the lad’s overalls, puckered her lips and kissed the lad. She walked out of the house with a skip in her step and a ruckus from the other workers. Mel knew the lad would be stirred for the remainder of the day.
Outside, on corner near the general store, Mel stepped into a pay phone booth. She pushed the correct coins into the slot and dialed a number. A few short rings and a man answered the phone.
“Hello, Joe speaking. If you need a safe, you have dialed the correct phone number.”
“Hi, Joe, It’s Gemma. I’m at 152 The Avenue in Frankston. The frame of the new house is being built,” said Mel over the phone.
“Yes, hello. Now I remember. We haven’t talked in a while. I will be right over.”
Thirty-five minutes after ending the call, a white van stopped outside Mel’s new house. Joe wandered over and greeted Mel with a handshake.
“Take me to the exact place where you want the safe,” said Joe.
Mel led the way into the house. The carpenters watched her antics and that of Joe’s. At the framework directly below the closet in the main bedroom, Mel showed off what had been built already.
“Very good.” Joe walked back to his van, grabbed some tools and a metal frame. He didn’t need much time to erect the metal frame for the safe inside the cavity of the framework. Mel stood leaning against as yet to be a plastered wall, observing the man work. When Joe finished, he and Mel walked away from the house.
“All done. When you move in, I will bring the safe. It should take only minutes to slide the safe into place.”
“Thanks for coming so fast today.”
“My pleasure. Carpenters don’t wait for anyone. Gemma, I will see you in about eight weeks.”
Mel waved at Joe as he drove off. She walked away from the house and went home.



CHAPTER TWENTY THREE



IN NINE and a third weeks, Mel opened the front door to her new home. She placed several shopping bags on the kitchen bench. She then walked from room to room admiring the newly painted house. She knew time might be against her. So far, she had been lucky. Of late, the cops were leaving her alone.
Mel quickly walked back to her old house, grabbed the loot from the toilet cistern and dropped the two gold bars, the rings and the three hundred thousand dollars she stole from Glenn Higgins into the black zip bag. After closing the front door and satisfied no cops were watching her, she marched towards her new home.
Mel closed and locked the front door. She snatched up the phone and dialed the safe man’s number.
“I’m on my way. I have been expecting your call.”
“Joe, I’ll have your cash ready for when you arrive,” said Mel.
“Gemma, thank you,” said Joe.
Seventeen minutes after ending the phone call, Mel heard the front door chimes sound.
“Right on time,” said Mel, opening the front door.
“I like to be punctual,” said Joe.
“Do you remember where the safe is to go?”
“Upstairs in the main bedroom.”
Joe carried the safe inside the house and upstairs. He came back for his tools. “Gemma, if that is your real name, you can watch if you want to.”
“My real name is Mel Kilpatrick.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Mel. Come on. Installing the safe won’t take long.”
Mel followed Joe into the bedroom. She sat on the edge of the bed watching everything he did.
Joe slotted the safe in the lower racking, screwed in the anchor brackets to keep the safe from moving and connected the motor. All up the task took fifteen minutes.
“How does all this work?” asked Mel.
Joe pushed the magnetic activator against the one on the wall inside the closet. The safe lowered inside the wall cavity.
“Press the magnetic activator and the first and second row of racking will rise up. To make the safe rise, repeat step one. To lower the safe, repeat the procedure.”
“Sounds easy.”
“It is.”
“What happens if a thief tries to use the magnetic activator? I don’t want anyone to know there is a safe in this house.”
“The racking full of shoes will come up out of the wall cavity. A section of carpet covers the top of the safe. No one will never know the safe is there. Don’t forget, to open the safe, use the numbers 2414.”
“You have completed a great job,” said Mel. “Here’s the seven hundred dollars I owe you.” She handed Joe another two hundred dollars. “For a tip and for your silence about the safe.”
“We never met. I don’t know you. I have never heard your name. I have never been in this house.”
Mel escorted Joe to the front door. She watched him drop his tools inside the white van then drive away. Mel studied the street.
“Good, no cops.”
The gun, the three rings, the gold and the money, she placed in the safe. Pushing the magnetic activator against the one on the wall, Mel watched the safe sink from view. She repeated the procedure several times. Feeling confident everything worked properly, she watched the safe descend out of sight for the last time.
No sooner had Mel finished and set up her house, she heard a knock on the front door.
“Hello detective Price and Willard, what brings you here at this time?”
“We have a search warrant.” Price shoved the paper at Mel.
“Again?”
“Yes. Stand aside, we want to search this house.”
Mel sidestepped and watched as a team of ten cops entered her house.
“Please, can’t you leave everything just the way you found it. I moved into this house today. I just finished putting everything away. I’m tired.”
Price and Willard climbed the stairs while the remainder of the team searched the ground floor level. Half an hour into the search, Price opened the closet doors in the main bedroom.
“Why is there a cut in the carpet?” asked Willard.
“It might be easier to show you,” said Mel.
“Show away.”
Mel pushed the magnetic activator against the one on the wall on the inside of the closet. In a matter of seconds, the double shoe rack extended out of the hidden cavity. “The racks will soon be filled with shoes.”
Mel saw the frustration on the face of Willard and Price. Inwardly, Mel laughed. She flashed an innocent smile.
“The search warrant is valid for this house and the other house,” said Willard.
“Where did you get the money to buy this house?” asked Price. Her eyelids narrowed. In her mind she had backed Mel into a corner. Surely, she would confess to murdering and stealing from Higgins and Dylan Maize.
“A few months ago, I went to the casino. I won on the roulette table.”
“You are a bit young for the casino,” stated Price.
“I know. It is the very reason I haven’t been back. It is amazing how makeup can make a girl look older than she really is.”
Price and Willard collected the team of searchers. They bundled Mel into the police car and drove her to the other house. It didn’t take long to search the premises. Mel already moved all her personal stuff into the new house.
“There’s nothing,” said Willard, in Price’s ear.
“I felt positive we’d unearth the gold bars. We need some evidence to connect Mel Kilpatrick to the murder of Dylan Maize.”
Price and Willard were standing at the rear of the property. Most of the searchers were congregating in the front yard.
“Hold on one minute,” whispered Willard. “The small tree in the corner has been pulled up. It is in a pot. There’s a thin rope half buried in the round. One end of the rope is attached to a wooden stake. Let’s find out what the other end is connected to.”
Price and Willard walked over to the disturbed ground where Mel buried the loot. Mel watched the antics of the two detectives trying to yank on the rope.
“Pull harder on the rope,” said Price.
Willard yanked a lot harder. The rope came up out of the ground in a rush.
“Another dead end,” growled Price. “If Mel buried the loot here, it is gone.”
“We have nothing,” snarled Willard. He kicked a clump of clay at the fence. Hearing it bang, he kicked another.
Price pushed her hands on to her hips. Seeing Mel watching her she made a move. “Let’s go.”
“Getting another warrant to search either house won’t happen again,” stated Willard. “It was difficult enough to convince the Judge to give us one this time.”
“A monumental task,” grumbled Price.
The two detectives opened the rear door to the house and stepped into the kitchen.
“Did you find anything?” asked Mel.
“Nothing of interest,” snapped Price.
“I have already moved into my new house. You can plainly see there is nothing to find. As for the tree in the pot I am going to transplant it into the garden at my new house. Detective, is there any chance I can get a lift back to my new house. It will save me from carrying the tree.”
Price flashed Mel a look. The look of a frustrated woman. “No. The police force isn’t a charity where we are at your beck and call.”
Mel watched the two detectives walk out of the house. Both yanked open their car door. Mel heard the doors slammed shut. Price reversed the car out of the driveway and roared away at speed. The three other cop cars left the area soon after.
“How frustrating you would be, not catching me with my hard-earned money,” growled Mel. She giggled, walking into the backyard. She carried her small tree in the pot out of the house, closed the front door and started for her new home. She had a lot of tidying up to do.



CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR


Melbourne
August 1981


THREE YEARS of laying low, Mel got used to the idea the cops finally decided to leave her alone.
“It’s my twenty-first birthday,” Mel said in the mirror. She paraded her looks by turning back and forth. The new green dress she bought a week earlier appeared to cling to her waist. Mel pushed her feet into high heeled shoes, grabbed her shoulder bag and walked to the window. Like so many times over the past three years, Mel watched the road outside. Not one car looked out of place and no cops were staking out her house.
The taxi stopped outside and the driver tooted his horn.
Mel closed and locked the front door, dropping the house key in her bag. She smirked a little at the small plastic bag full of crushed sleeping tablets. If things got out of hand later on in the evening, she wouldn’t hesitate to drug the man.
“To the Melbourne casino,” ordered Mel.
The taxi driver nodded. Slowly the car built up speed. The Melbourne skyline came into view.
The taxi stopped outside the main entrance. Mel paid the man, flashed a polite smile and walked towards the main entrance.
Inside the building the place looked packed. People were walking around everywhere. Show girls with long feathers embedded in their hair were parading back and forth in front of the men, trying to entice the men to watch the show. A few of the girls were asked to have their photo taken with the men. They painted an enticing smile on their face. From ten feet away, Mel could smell their perfume. One of the men who had his arm wrapped around one of the tall girls stole a kiss. Three stocky security guards man handled the man by dragging him feet first across the dull red carpet to the main entrance. They threw him out into the street and stood guard with folded arms waiting for the man to vanish. There was no way the young man would be entering the casino again.
A different tall security guard looked down on Mel as she approached the inner door. Behind him, Mel could see the flashing lights of the poker machines. People were laughing and talking above each other.
“You need an ID to enter the casino, Miss.” The man’s voice sounded droll. His smile never eventuated.
“I am twenty-one,” stated Mel.
“I don’t care what you say. Without some sort of proof, you aren’t entering the casino.”
Mel opened her small shoulder bag and pulled out her driver’s license. She flapped the paper at the man’s nose. After reading the paper document, he grunted, unclipped the rope and sidestepped. “Have a good night.”
“Thank you. I hope to meet a rich man who will sweep me up into his world.”
The security guard reclipped the red rope across the entrance. He grunted again. “Good luck.”
Mel walked into the casino, looking amazed at the bright lights and the hundreds of people dropping money on to poker tables, playing with their plastic chips or losing everything they owned. Some people were lucky. They told everyone they saw they won big.
Mel sat at the bar. She ordered a whisky on the rocks. While she waited for her drink to be poured, Mel watched the men. She didn’t visit the casino to gamble her money, she entered the casino for hunting.
“Hello, there,” said a man behind her left shoulder. “I saw you walk into this place.”
Mel turned in time to witness the young man sitting on the stool next to her. “Hello.”
“I’m Martin Burch, you are?”
“Mel.”
“Nice name,” said Martin. “Can I buy you a drink?”
“You can,” answered Mel.
“Two white wines,” called Martin.
“I have ordered a whisky on the rocks.”
“All the better. Barman, make that another whisky, straight.”
“Do you come here often?” asked Mel.
“Often, yes. I’m a professional gambler.”
“You must be rich to bet so often?”
“I play poker. I win seventy-nine percent of the time.”
“Excellent,” said Mel. She giggled, hoping the sound might entice the dark-haired handsome man. It did. He moved a little closer. Mel raised her eyebrows.
“I love meeting new ladies. Now I am a little closer to you, the perfume you dabbed on smells nice. I’m thinking the perfume bottle is small and came from France!”
“Correct in every detail,” said Mel. “I love this song the band is playing.”
“Yes, it has a good upbeat.” Martin took hold of Mel’s hand. “You have lovely, long, shiny fingernails.”
“There you are. I hope you aren’t chatting up the girl with the big hair?”
Martin looked for the voice. He appeared to be a little upset at having to divert his attention away from Mel. His lips parted, but no sound came out of his mouth.
“You mightn’t remember me, but I’m your cousin, Shyla.”
“I don’t recall,” said Martin.
“Allow me to refresh your memory while we have a dance.”
Shyla took hold of Martin’s wrist. She almost yanked him off the stool he sat on.
In the middle of the dance floor, Shyla gathered Martin in extremely close.
“I don’t have any cousins,” said Martin. “Who are you?”
“Call me your guardian angel. The girl you were about to get friendly with, is a suspected murderer. The police believe she has murdered at least one bloke, possibly two.”
“Are you a cop?”
“I’m a private investigator. I am here on an assignment. The task is to watch for a man who tries to con women out of their money. The cops have been after this man for some time. They asked me to help. Don’t panic, I’m not here for you. The bloke I’m after isn’t here as yet.”
“How do I know all this is legit?”
“You can either believe me, or you can stay and take your chances with the girl with the big hair.”
“I think I might call it a night. I suddenly feel tired. Don’t worry, I’m leaving. Alone.”
Shyla watched the man walk off in the opposite direction. When she couldn’t see him anymore, Shyla returned to the bar. She sat next to Mel.
“Where’s Martin? Did you scare him away?”
“I told him a bullshit story about someone might be a murderer. I suggested he leave.”
“I didn’t murder anyone.”
“Mel Kilpatrick from Jindabyne, I didn’t come down in the last shower.”
“Are you a cop?”
“No. I’m a private investigator. How did you think Sharon Maize found out about you?”
“She hired you?”
“Yep.”
“The cops have never proven I killed anyone,” said Mel.
“Not yet. It is only a matter of time.”
“If you thought your words had any merit, you wouldn’t be warning me.”
“Mel Rose Kilpatrick, you are very good at erasing your tracks. I’m here to have a good night with my husband.”
“I take it you are warning me to go home?”
“The choice is yours.”
“Why did you scare Martin away?”
“I don’t want to hear a young woman, murdered the man. He looked nice. Naïve, but nice.”
“I think I will go home. I might even think about a world trip.”
“That takes money,” said Shyla. She looked sideways at Mel.
“I have the money from the sale of my parent’s house in Jindabyne.”
“And Dylan Maize’s money!”
“You are probing, trying to get me to confess to something I didn’t do. For your information, Dylan gave me plenty of cash to spend. I spent a little of the amount and kept the remainder.”
“Have a good life,” said Shyla. “When the cops prove you did murder Dylan Maize and stole from Glenn Higgins, the only journey you will undertake is a prison sentence. If I may add more fuel to the fire, the cops are still searching for the one who murdered the young man on the train.”
“I have no idea who you are talking about.”
“Of course, you don’t,” said Shyla. “If I mentioned to you the name Luke who met a girl at the Melbourne Cup, took her back to his hotel room and woke up three hours later, what would you say?”
“I told the cops we did meet. I thought he passed out from too much alcohol. I put him into bed and left.” Mel stood.
Shyla grabbed Mel’s arm. “The cops will be watching, waiting for you to make a slip up. When you do, they will pounce. I will be sitting in the courtroom. I will be the one displaying a smirk. The first visitor you will have in prison will be me.”
“I am never going to prison. I have done nothing illegal,” stated Mel.
“Nothing the cops can prove. Yet.”
“The whiskey straight, is on Martin.” Mel swallowed her wine, snatched up her bag, glaring at Shyla.
Mel marched out of the casino. She hailed a taxi and went home to her new house. The one that backed on to the sand.



CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE


Melbourne summer
2022


MIA TURNED over the last page on Mel’s manuscript. Fresh tears were in her eyes.
“I think we should go visit Mel’s house. 152 The Avenue in Frankston,” said James.
Mia picked up the magnetic activator and the brass house key. “Good idea.”
“The gold bars should be still in the safe,” said James.
With Mel’s manuscript safely tucked under her arm, Mia and James walked to their car. In only a few minutes they were travelling slowly down ‘The Avenue’ in Frankston. James parked his car in the driveway of house number 152.
“This is the place,” said James.
“Nice two storey mansion,” said Mia.
James and Mia stepped down from the car. James opened the front door and stepped into the house.
“Is it safe to enter?” asked Mia.
“It is. I don’t see any ghosts either.”
“I had hoped Mel might be here. In ghost form,” said Mia.
The pair of authors walked around the ground floor level, noting the sparse amount of furniture. The refrigerator was empty and switched off. The cupboards in the kitchen contained only the bare minimum of utensils. Dust covered the kitchen table and the floor tiles. Sheets were covering the loungeroom furniture and the TV.
Upstairs, dust covered everything. Mia and James entered the main bedroom. Other than the large bed and a dresser table the room was empty. Mia opened the large four door closet.
“Neat and tidy,” said James.
Seven dresses were hanging in the closet. A few jumpers were on the top shelf.
“Push the magnetic activator against the one on the inner wall,” suggested Mia.
The second James did, a motor above their head started up. Slowly the metal racking rose out of the hidden compartment.
“Twenty pairs of nice expensive shoes!” said James. He repeated the performance with the activator. The whirring noise returned. The safe, four feet long and two feet wide and three feet high came into view.
“The combination to the safe is 2414,” said Mia.
James tapped in the four numbers on the security panel. Mia and James heard an audible, ‘click.’
James opened the safe door. Both he and Mia gasped at seeing the contents.
“Two gold bars and three red felt boxes,” said Mia.
“One envelope.”
James placed each item on the carpet. He opened each felt box in turn. Mia admired the two large pink diamond rings and the large yellow diamond in the third box.
James opened the envelope and started reading the single page, noting the page had been duplicated.
“To Mia and James Buxton, if you are reading this you opened the safe. The items inside the safe belong to you. Enjoy. I have written a summary of the remainder of my life. I didn’t want to bore you with specifics, but you will get more of an idea about who I was.”
“Mel Kilpatrick, has written her name and signed the sheet of paper,” said Mia.
James scrolled down the page and read Mel’s last words.
“Hello to whoever has read my memoirs. Don’t feel sad for me or think I had a horrible life. I didn’t.
After Dylan, my first love, whom I loved with my entire heart, the same man who broke my heart in two, I took my money that I believed was owed to me for being Dylan’s mistress. I toured the world.
I started in Australia. I stayed for about a month in Tasmania then lived in every capital city in Aussie land. In total the tour lasted a good eighteen months.
I flew to Italy. I took small tours, met nice people and ate amazing food I believed I saw just abut everything. I also met a few nice single men. Of course, they were rich. I stayed on a nice man’s super boat for a few weeks. The boat did cost the man a million dollars. The small ship had a swimming pool and came with a crew of three.
I managed to coax the man to swim with me in the Mediterranean. I feel it only fair I keep the man’s name a secret. He didn’t like too much attention.
When I left Italy, I lived in Greece for a time. Again, I loved the food and the wine. The language barrier was a bit of a problem; however, I met a nice married couple who lived in Canada.
I then toured America, Jamaica and Fiji. That took me about twenty years. I ended up meeting a nice man in Mauritius. We actually married. We lasted nine years. Jake died by the hands of a drunk driver.
I decided to come back home to Australia. I lived in the rebuilt house at 152 The Avenue. My quaint house Dylan bought me, on my passing from suicide, Dylan’s wife, Sharon, will receive a letter in the mail. It explains the house does belong to her. Mia and James, the mansion at 152 The Avenue belongs to you. Keep it, or sell it, I don’t have a say.
To sum up my whirlwind life; I have enjoyed it. The rocky patches were not pleasant, but I am happy there wasn’t too many. I have already mentioned Dylan Maize happened to be my first love. Despite what happened, I will always love him.
At the age of fifty-five, I wasn’t feeling too well. I went to the doctor. After tests they discovered Cancer all over my body. In my bones, in my lungs from smoking and probably too much sun. The news was devasting. The experts suggested chemotherapy. I refused. They told me I didn’t have long unless I sought treatment.
After much thought I decided on a course of action. I would plan down to the exact detail of my suicide. When the cops locate me, they will find and envelope in the car with twenty thousand dollars. I think the amount will cover all funeral costs. One night about eighteen months ago I sat at the kitchen table eating dinner. A thought struck me. When I died no one will know what happened or anything about my life. I started to write my life in a manuscript. What the title will be; I left the choice up to you, Mia and James.
Anyhow, after reading my life story, I hope you don’t think too ill of me. I don’t classify myself as a monster. I hope you do too. Maybe one day we will meet up in heaven. All the best for the future. If I have to sum up my life into one fact, I’d say don’t be a mistress to anyone. It is too painful. Choose to stay with a nice man. One man or lady per lifetime is enough.
It might be a little fun talking to Detective Price, about how I was always one step ahead of her. By the way, she is alive and living at apartment two, number 39 The Avenue in Frankston. A bit ironic, being so close to me and not being able to prove anything.”
Cheers Mel Rose Kilpatrick.



CHAPTER TWENTY SIX



MIA AND James bundled everything into the large orange envelope. Mia shut the door and caught James up as they walked down the road towards Price’s apartment.
James pointed to the small quaint apartment closest to the beach. The pair walked past apartment one. At the front door to the second apartment James knocked five times.
It didn’t take long for the front door to open. An elderly lady about eighty years old stood staring at James and Mia.
“Yes?”
“We are looking for Detective Beth Price?” said Mia.
“Former detective. I have been retired for about twenty years. Call me Beth.”
“I’m Mia Buxton. The man is my husband, James.”
Beth shook the hand of the two authors. “Come in.”
The trio walked through the apartment to the outside. They sat in the sun on chairs. Every now and then Mia heard the waves dumping on to the sand.
“What is the privilege of your visit?” asked Beth.
“Do you remember a case some years back about a murder and a house fire in this street? The girl of concern was Mel Kilpatrick,” said Mia.
“I haven’t heard her name in a long time. I still think about that particular case. I never did prove she actually murdered anyone.”
“James and I have the evidence you need to know of her guilt.”
“Mel murdered Dylan Maize?”
Mia and James nodded.
Beth leaned closer. “Do tell?”
Mia handed over the manuscript and Mel’s handwritten letter. “The manuscript is Mel’s confession.”
“If this proves she murdered Dylan Maize, I’ll call the police and have her arrested.”
“She committed suicide,” said Mia.
“I’m not sorry to hear the news,” said Price.
“It will all be in the soon to be published book,” said James.
“Put me down for a copy. It might make a great read,” said Beth.
“We will,” said Mia.
Beth Price giggled a little. “I don’t know whether you are aware or not, however, the meaning of Mistress in the dictionary is: A woman in position of authority or control. A woman who is having an affair with a married man. A woman who is self-possessed.”
“I didn’t know that fact,” said Mia.
“I didn’t know that either,” said James.
“You do now,” said Beth. “What will the title of the book be? The girl from Jindabyne?”
“We were thinking more of a plain name,” said Mia.

‘Mistress.’


A note from the author:

If you know of someone who might be thinking of committing suicide; talk to him or her. Say in the nicest possible way the person should call lifeline in their local area. Get him or her to talk to someone. A problem shared is a problem halved. Convince them not to take the easy way out. People care and love him or her for who they are. When you do and they don’t commit suicide, I personally what to say thanks. If the worst happens and you tried to convince the person not to commit suicide; it is not your fault. At least you tried. Doing something is better than walking away saying it wasn’t my problem.
Thank you in advance.

Mark Stewart

mark_stewart777@hotmail.com


Dear reader,
Thank you for reading my novel ‘Mistress’ I do hope you enjoyed it. Any feedback is gratefully accepted. The information you, the reader gives, helps me to become a more professional author.

My novels are based on the Australian culture. Some of the spelling is Australian. Thanks for your understanding.

Again, thank you for your support, for without you, the reader, I wouldn’t have anyone to read my work.

Mark Stewart


About the author


Mark Stewart is an inspirational author.
The transformation from when I started to edit his work till
now has been amazing. His hard work and dedication have
helped him to write more professionally.
Mark is undeniably the one to watch.

Mathew Lang



Mark Stewart is an acclaimed author.
He loves to write fiction right across the board from romance adventure
to crime and onwards to science fiction and children’s books.
His fast-paced novels will keep you on the edge of your seat from the first word to the last.
Mark lives in Melbourne Australia and tries to keep to the Aussie lingo and customs.

Rosemary Cantala



Other novels I have written in the way of romance are:

Kiss on the bridge.
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three

The perfect gift:
Legendary blue diamond.
Legendary blue diamond two
Legendary blue diamond three

Don’t tell my secret.
201 May Street
The girl from Emerald Hill
Ladies Club
Mistress
Book of secrets

The Blood Red Rose
Blood Red Rose Two
Blood Red Rose three

Crime novels: The Kendal Chronicles
Fire Games
Heart of a spider
I know your secret

Children: A Troglian knows
Luke’s cubby house
Malcolm’s cubby house

Book of short stories

Smashwords has various short stories.

Below is the opening page of my novels in order that I have listed them:


Kiss on the bridge two:
Set in Australia in 1977. Meredith wakes in a coffin. She has no idea her hero is on the way. They meet and fall in love. Will the emotion be strong enough to keep them together?

The Perfect Gift. Adventure romance. Available Smashwords.

Naomi is twenty-six and doesn’t like the way all men mistreat her. She decides a change is needed and applies to be a jillaroo on a cattle station named the Oasis. Its location is in outback Australia. She meets a cowboy, Trent, who is a rodeo champion. They agree on a bet. Eventually both want out, but neither wants to be first.
Through a series of adventures that stretch from the city, to a fast-flowing river in the outback where Trent must save Naomi from drowning, love germinates in the middle of a storm.
In her heart, Naomi is a woman who adores the city’s nightlife, but as the sun sets on each day, the Australian outback is enticing and the excitement of the city fades. Then she inadvertently saves the Oasis.
Love is growing, then Brandt; Naomi’s obsessive ex-boyfriend tracks her down. Can Trent save her one last time?

Synopsis: Legendary Blue Diamond. Adventure romance. Available April 10th 2012

HISTORIANS AND researchers say the birth of the legendary blue diamond originated when the earth was being born. Some say the legend commenced at the union between a man who had skin, the color of the night sky and a woman who had skin the color of the sun. Rumor has it that the diamond was no larger than a single carrot. Lately there have been whispers that the deep blue colored diamond was reported to be in excess of nine carrots possibly even ten or higher. What I believe isn’t important, though I assume it lays somewhere in between. There’s been bush talk from the Australian Kimberley’s to Melbourne; whosoever touches the blue stone will die, for it is cursed by God. I believe it is due to man’s greed and the blood that drips from his hands is the truth behind the cursed stone.
I have extensively researched a great number of books on the subject looking for a start date to the authenticity of the legend. I think I may have uncovered the actual events, but I have no way of proving if the facts are correct. I have been able to ascertain the legend was born around the mid 1800’s AD when the State bank of Victoria was in its infancy. A gold prospector unearthed the diamond. In days he had sold it. The buyer was a man in charge of the bank. The diamond was dark blue in color, but definitely a one off, stroke of luck find. One cold dark night a bushranger, his brother and a third man came into a small town searching for the blue diamond. They never found it. The banker was tortured for the information of the stone’s where-a-bouts. He took the knowledge of its existence to his grave. Of late a possible theory has been circulating that the man’s wife has it in her possession. How she escaped from being murdered was any one’s guess.
If you ask me, do I believe in the story, I’ll answer you truthfully. I know it only to be a legend.

Synopsis: Blood Red Rose. Vampire adventure romance. Available on Smashwords.

“You can’t force me to drink that, I’m innocent,” yelled Haleton. “Rose-a-lee what have you done?”
There was no reply.
William Haleton is a normal man looking for love and the good life then the council of four modifies his DNA and uses him as a guinea pig. They transform him into a vampire. Pleading his innocence falls on deaf ears.
Haleton is hungry for the next evil soul, but deep down he has a burning desire for the love of a girl. Her blood is sweet and hypnotic. Her genetic makeup is his perfect match.
Being transported again through time is not an option.
The clock is ticking.
Haleton will do anything to stay by Amber’s side, but is it possible for her to love him? Can Craig Benyon, Amber’s close friend, be trusted? After all he loves her as much as William Haleton.
If an antidote to the vampire’s curse is found in time, will it be successful, or is everything Haleton going through part of the vampire curse?

Don’t tell my secret

How far are you willing to go to keep a secret?
James Buxton is summoned to his publicist office. He’s not brave enough to tell her he’s suffering from writer’s block. She tells him to write a romance. At first, he refuses, explaining he writes crime. She walks over, gives him a seductive kiss then says go write me a romance novel. When he arrives at a bed and breakfast hotel, he meets an attractive woman, Mia Garnett. Did fate bring them together or something else? James meets an elderly woman, Eloise, who wants to dictate a romance novel to him. He is told to take the credit for the book. The story is about a woman living in 1940’s and her struggles to survive when her husband goes to war. Lilly and her friend Suzie do a horrific act. They vow to take the unspeakable deed to their graves. As James types the novel, he falls in love with Mia. After a romantic dinner at a restaurant, they danced to the juke box with the song queue full. At the end of the night, they are informed the jukebox queue hasn’t worked for years. When Mia hears the truth behind Eloise will the discovery put a rift between her and James forever?

Synopsis: Fire Games.

Detective Alan Kendal puts his life on the line to outplay the psychotic arsonist known as Patrick.
Detective Kendal is ordered to team up with Detective Claire Ambroso, whom he’s known since school, but she carries a secret and he has a grey past. Which one will come forward to haunt first? Kendal grows suspicious of his new partner when she aims her gun directly at him and pulls the trigger. What’s her motive? Is she Patrick’s accomplice? If not, who is?
How can Patrick always be one step ahead? Does Kendal have enough time to rescue his kidnapped twelve-year-old daughter, Tegan, before Patrick’s fiery finale?


Synopsis: Heart of a spider. Crime. Second book in the series. Available Smashwords.

Detective Kendal is on the trail of a patient who has escaped the mental institution and wants to sever Kendal’s life line. The chase is complicated by the visitation of a ghost and the appearance of a supposed vigilante.
Kendal doesn’t believe in ghosts, but finds himself having a conversation as he stares at one. His partner, Claire Ambroso has to fight for her life when Kendal is told to meet GP at the wharf when the moon is at the highest point in the night sky.
Confusion sets in at a local supermarket when a robbery goes wrong and someone in Kendal’s family is shot.
The trap is set for the person who masterminded the escape and a final shoot out at the hospital reveals amazing results that astounds even Kendal.

Synopsis: I know your secret. Crime. Third book in the series. Available Smashwords.

Everyone has a secret. Some people take theirs to the grave. Some hold their desires inside for a lifetime. Some stew on their secret all their life, and then they get revenge.
I know your secret is a suspenseful crime novel. Melbourne homicide detective Alan James Kendal and his partner Detective Claire Ambroso have to locate a missing teenage girl. The case hots up when he is introduced to a medium. She seems to hold all the knowledge of the case except a few minor details, like, why did Kendal find an empty bullet shell that had a note inside that read, ‘I was paid to miss.’

Synopsis: Ladies’ Club

The members of the Ladies Club vote in favor of revenge. If their family ever discovers what they did, it could ruin three marriages. To get away with blue murder the ladies will have to plan everything. Just when they think they are in the clear a detective who is married to his job discovers incriminating evidence. He is in a bind. Should he arrest the ladies, or simply destroy the evidence and walk away?







