  
  
  
  
Misty Moon
Book 1
Ella Price

This book is a work of fiction and does not represent real events. Characters, names, places, and incidents are works of the author’s imagination and do not depict any real event, or person living
or dead.
Copyright © 2017 by Ella Price
All rights reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic
form.
First Edition: January 2014  

Cover by AEPBOOKCOVERS.COM 

Chapter 1
My mother stood in front of my bed and glared down at me. I was making it a point to ignore her. I was eighteen now … I didn’t have to listen to anything she said.
“You are going with your father whether you are packed or not. He will be here in an hour. So, if you want to take your things, I suggest you get packing,” she growled.
“I’m not going,” I said absently as I flipped through a magazine.
“You are going! I’m tired of your behavior! You need to be in a pack where you can be taught responsibility and respect!” She stormed off without giving me a chance to reply.
I just rolled my eyes and looked back down at the magazine. If I was a human, being eighteen would be enough to be on my own, but I wasn’t. I was a lycanthrope or as some would say a werewolf. Werewolves were not considered adults until their twenty first birthday. It had always just been my mother and me. She separated from her pack when I was born. She hated packs and now she was sending me to one. My father lived in a pack in the middle of nowhere. I wasn’t looking forward to going, and I was going to do everything I could to protest.
The pack hierarchy was annoying. There was a head male who ruled like a king. The others had to do as he said when he said. Sometimes he had a mate, and she was usually the head female, but not always. Sometimes another female would be the head female and would only answer to the head male. Packs had ranking fights to determine each wolf’s rank. It was like they were living in the Dark Ages. I wasn’t looking forward to it. If you didn’t rank high up, then you were a pee on. I liked not answering to anyone and being a lone wolf. My mother, on the other hand, was tired of me not answering to anyone, so she was going to punish me by sending me to live with my father.
My door opened and my father walked in. He looked as stern as the last time I saw him. I hadn’t seen him in almost two years. Most of the time, he would call and check on me and that was about it. He was tall and broad giving him a menacing appearance. I knew he was the pack second. That was about the only thing I had going for me … my father wasn’t a pee on. I looked just like him. I had his curly, golden blond hair and ice blue eyes. There was no mistaking that I was his daughter.
I glared at him. “You could knock.” I was intentionally trying to be a pain in the ass.
He raised his eyebrows in annoyance. “I see why your mother called me. Let’s go, Kylie.”
I sat up, holding his gaze. “I’m not going. I don’t want to go to your stupid pack,” I snapped.
His expression darkened. “You don’t have a choice, and I don’t have the time to fight with you.”
“Then don’t fight … just leave.” I stood up and turned away from him.
He caught me by my wrist and pulled me toward him. “You can go easily, or I can force you. I prefer we not get off on the wrong foot, Kylie.” His tone suggested he wasn’t playing with me.
I glared at him. I wasn’t going to be pushed around. I was too stubborn and arrogant to allow that. I pulled away from him and he retaliated by smacking me. I hated that wolves who lived in packs were always ready to fight. My temper was getting the better of me. I swung at him and caught him in the jaw. He collapsed to the floor, and I stood there stunned. I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t think I could knock him out, and I definitely didn’t want to be there when he woke up.
I hurried out of the room and down the stairs. I hesitated when I saw my mother and another large male wolf standing at the base of the stairs. He noticed me before my mother did, and I froze. He was one of the most gorgeous men I’d ever seen, and it startled me a little. He was easily over six feet tall and broad. His skin had a natural copper tan. He had wavy, shoulder-length, black hair and green eyes.
“Kylie where is your father?” My mother’s voice caught my attention, so I shifted my gaze to her. She knew me better than anyone, and I knew she sensed something wrong. 
“Umm …” I started not sure what I should say. I wasn’t counting on my father bringing backup.
“Kylie!” my father bellowed from my room. He was awake, and I needed to get the hell out of there.
I cussed as I jumped over the stair railing, then I took off running. I ran through the back of the house toward the back door. I could hear someone behind me, but I refused to give up so easily. I grabbed the door handle, but before I could turn the knob I was thrown back into the table and chairs. I scrambled to my feet. The male who was standing at the base of the stairs with my mother was blocking my path to the door.
“Kylie!” My mother yelled storming into the kitchen. My father followed her looking just as pissed off as she did.
“I’m not going!” I growled.
“Oh yes … you are. I don’t care if I have to bound, gag, and toss you in the trunk of the damn car; you are going!” My father was past talking, he was now yelling.
I scowled as I looked at the other male trying to determine if it would be worth it to attempt to go through him. He watched me, amusement glittering in his eyes. “I wouldn’t.”
I looked back at my parents and they looked determined. I decided to go for it, it wasn’t like I had much to lose. I lunged for the back door but as soon as I moved, the male blocking the door was on me. We fell to the floor, and I rolled so I was facing him. I brought my knee up catching him in the crotch. He cussed and raised his fist. His fist coming down was the last thing I saw before everything went black. 

Chapter 2
I woke up and I felt horrible. I felt drained of all my energy. I had never once felt like this. Being a lycanthrope made feelings like this impossible, unless I was severely injured. I was lying across the backseat. My father was in the passenger seat, and the other guy was driving. I felt like there was a heavy weight around my neck. I reached up and cussed when my fingertips burned from whatever I touched; it had to be silver. That explained the loss of energy. My kind didn’t do well with silver. Packs used it to control younger wolves, and I had a feeling that was what the silver around my neck was for. 
“Get it off,” I growled as I sat up. 
My father spoke without even looking at me. “No. You gave us no choice by attacking us.” 
I was no threat to them now. The silver necklace would basically make me human. I had no strength, and I couldn’t heal if I was wearing it. Most of the necklaces were made so only someone immune to silver could take them off. The other male looked at me through the rearview mirror, and I looked away. “This is bullshit,” I muttered. 
My father turned in his seat and looked at me. “What is bullshit is the fact that you’re so uncontrollable that I have to come get you, and then you attack me and Dominic.”  
“You started it!” I countered. 
He glared at me, making sure I knew he wasn’t happy with me. “I’m your father! You’re not an adult in my eyes until you turn twenty-one!”  
I felt like a little girl being chided, and I didn’t like it. “Whatever,” I grumbled. I slumped down in my seat as I looked out the window. This was going to be a very long ride. 

I didn’t speak the entire ride, and it seemed like it was taking forever. Werewolves did things opposite of humans. We were awake at night, and we slept during the day. Dominic drove until around eight in the morning, then he pulled into a cheap motel. My father lived all the way across the country, so we wouldn’t be there until early the next morning.  
Dominic turned the car off and opened the door. “We can clean up and get some sleep, then get back on the road.” He climbed out without waiting for anyone to reply.  
My father looked at me. “You better not cause any problems, or I’m going to hand you over to Dominic and let him reprimand you.” 
I scoffed. “What is he your boyfriend or something?” I knew he wasn’t; it just irritated male werewolves to say that. It was very rare for a werewolf to be gay because of the animal instinct to reproduce. The only time it really happened was when a werewolf was created by turning a human instead of being born one. 
My father shook his head in annoyance. “I swear, Kylie.” He climbed out of the car. He opened my door and yanked me out of the back seat. “Dominic is our pack leader.” 
“Your pack leader,” I countered as he guided me toward the hotel by my arm. 
Dominic came out of the office and handed my father a key card. “Get me if you need anything.” He turned and walked to his own room. 
My dad led me to our room and unlocked the door. It was a room with twin beds. I sat down on the closest bed and looked around. “I don’t have any clothes or anything.” 
“That’s your fault. Watch TV. I’m going to shower,” he snapped, then he walked into the bathroom and shut the door. 
I looked at the door and debated running. He was in the shower, but he had crazy good hearing. He would hear me leave. I was weak thanks to the necklace, so I was kind of screwed. The only chance I had was waiting for him to actually be in the shower. 
I peeked out the window and looked at the door Dominic had gone in … it looked quiet. Maybe he had already gone to bed. I didn’t want to stay here, and my chances of running were slim. I took a deep breath and rested my hand on the door handle. I counted to three, then I bolted. I ran toward the highway. With very little strength, one of the two of them would overtake me if I ran toward the woods. I was suddenly tackled and thrown to the ground. Dominic pinned me and grinned down at me. He was shirtless and only wearing jeans. 
“You have to be kidding me,” I growled angrily. 
“You really didn’t think I was waiting for you to run?” The amusement in his tone was starting to get to me. He got to his feet and pulled me to mine. There was no point in fighting because with the necklace I was no match for him. It would be like a human fighting a werewolf; nearly impossible. I stayed silent as he led me back up to the motel. My father was standing there looking as pissed off as always. 
“You take her since she thinks she doesn’t have to do as I say.” My father turned and stomped back into his room.  
Dominic smiled. “Well that means you’re with me, babe.” He pulled me toward his room. 
I reluctantly followed. He was nice to admire, but he was being a pain in the ass. He led me into his room. I hesitated when I saw there was only one bed. I was suddenly nervous. “There’s only one bed.” 
“Yes. You’re sleeping with me, so I can make sure we don’t have to go for another run down the highway.” His obvious amusement at the shock on my face annoyed me. 
I’m not sleeping with you!” I squeaked. 
He laughed. “Yes, you are. You should just cooperate. Nothing you have done so far has gotten you out of anything.” 
I scowled at him, then crossed my arms in defiance. He unbuttoned his pants and went to slide them down. My eyes widened, and I turned away from him. “Why are you taking you pants off?” I asked horrified. 
“Because I sleep naked,” he whispered. He was closer to me than I thought. My skin tingled at the sound of his voice. I didn’t turn around to look. I walked quickly to the bed and sat down refusing to look at him. I’d never seen a guy naked, and I wasn’t about to look at him naked. I kicked my shoes off and lay down. 
I felt him climb on the bed next to me and my heart started to race. I knew he wasn’t going to do anything, but the fact that he was naked next to me was enough to make me crazy.  
He made himself comfortable next to me. “I can tell you haven’t been in a pack because nudity is normal where I’m from. You’re going to get quite a shock.” 
I stayed silent. I wasn’t sure if I could speak properly. He was next to me naked, and I couldn’t get the thought out of my head. He slung his arm over me, and I stiffened. “Is that necessary?” My mouth had gone dry, and I could barely form the words. Thoughts and feelings that I wasn’t used to were raging through me, and I couldn’t focus. 
“I won’t bite and yes … because I can hold you down if you try to run,” he whispered playfully as he pressed his body to mine.  
I rolled my eyes. I could already tell it was going to be a very long day. 

Chapter 3
I woke up with my face buried in Dominic’s chest. I didn’t move immediately because he smelled so good. I really didn’t mind where I was. He shifted in his sleep, and I felt something hard press against my belly. I stiffened when I realized it was his erection. I felt my pulse quicken. I was a little curious. I kind of wanted to see him naked. I looked up at him, and he looked relaxed like he was still asleep. I lifted the covers and peeked under them. His body was perfectly muscled. He had the perfect V that ended in a long, thick, hard shaft. I had the urge to touch him, but I fought the feeling and put the covers back down. He shifted and opened his eyes. I was watching him wide-eyed, worried I’d been caught.  
He looked down at me and his expression was hard to read. “What are you doing?” He sounded suspicious. 
I smiled weakly. “Nothing, I just woke up,” I lied. 
He narrowed his eyes like he didn’t believe me, then he shifted so he could look at the clock on the bedside table. “It’s time to get up.” He stood letting the cover fall away. I didn’t turn away, instead I enjoyed the show. I was already dressed. There was no way I was going to sleep naked with him.  
He looked over at me as he pulled his shirt on. “Go to the bathroom and do what you have to, I don’t want to stop again if we can prevent it.” 
I nodded and slid out of bed. I walked to the bathroom and shut the door. I flipped the lock, then turned toward the sink. I washed my face and did my best to clean my teeth despite the lack of a toothbrush. I pinned my hair up, then looked in the mirror. I froze when I saw a little window above the toilet. It was small, but I was thin and flexible enough to get out it. I glanced at the door as if he would come in any minute. I still didn’t want to go to the pack. Being in a pack meant rules, and I didn’t like rules. I flipped the sink on, so the sound of running water would cover the sound of me going out the window. I stood on the toilet and pushed the window open. It was a lot harder than I expected thanks to the necklace killing my strength. I wiggled out of the window and landed on the soft grass just below. I could hear Dominic pounding on the door. It was now or never. I ran toward the woods hoping this time I would have an advantage. 
I ran so hard and so fast I thought my lungs were going to burst. The necklace made everything so difficult. I was weak with it on. Every time I attempted to take it off, my fingers burned when I touched it. I collapsed in a clearing near a river. I was out of breath and the pain in my chest made it impossible for me to go further. I wasn’t used to this feeling. Werewolves weren’t weak like this. 
There was a scuffling noise and Dominic stepped out of the trees smiling. I groaned as I flopped down onto the ground and looked up at the sky. He made it impossible for me to escape.  
“Come on, I want to get on the road.” He hauled me to my feet. He was acting like I was cute for attempting to escape. 
“I want the necklace off,” I protested as I sat back down. 
“No, and if you don’t cooperate, I will throw you over my shoulder,” he countered. 
I crossed my arms and I glared up at him. “Take it off,” I pouted. 
“I’m not an idiot, Kylie.” He reached down and caught my wrist. I squealed in surprise when he threw me over his shoulder and started trudging back toward the car. 
I wiggled and struggled, but it was pointless. He made it to the car, opened the back door, and tossed me inside like I was nothing but a rag doll. 
“I figure you will get it eventually,” my father said dryly. He was already in the front seat waiting. 
I sat up and scowled at him. “This is bullshit. Why did you have to bring him?” 
He smiled. “Because I figured if you were anything like me, I would need the help.” 
Dominic climbed in the driver’s seat. “I have exercised way more than I planned to on this trip.” 
I crossed my arms as I glared at him. “Yeah, well it will keep you from getting fat.” 
He smiled at me through the rearview mirror. “I could think of better ways to avoid getting fat,” he said playfully. 
I rolled my eyes and looked out the window. I had been defeated and it sucked. There was no way out of it now. I would be in pack territory before the morning. 

It was a little after six in the morning when Dominic drove past a sign that said Welcome to Luna. Somehow, I knew we had arrived. He had driven through miles of mountainous terrain and wooded land before he came to the sign on the outskirts of the town. In the country didn’t even describe what this place was; it was plain hidden. The mountains were beautiful and covered in huge trees. There was a lot of area to run free. As he drove, there were a few houses here and there. The main part of the town wasn’t large and there were a few stores. It looked like a tourist destination. The town was quiet because the sun was coming up. In a town full of werewolves, daytime was when it was time to sleep. 
After he drove through the town, he pulled into the driveway of one of the first houses. My father and Dominic climbed out of the car. Dominic opened my door. I sighed and climbed out. I followed my father into the house, and Dominic followed me. 
I stood looking around. The house was nice, but it was definitely a guy’s house. There was no sign of a woman anywhere.  
My father walked toward the kitchen. “Make yourself comfortable. Your room is the second door on the right; mine is first door on the left.” 
Dominic watched me with an amused glint in his eyes. “There’s no point in trying to run.
There’s nowhere to go.” 
“Whatever,” I muttered. I hurried up the stairs away from him. I went into my room, and I was surprised to find it was nice. It looked like my dad had been preparing for me for a while. I kind of wondered how long my mom and dad planned this. I sighed and flipped the TV on. I had no clue what I was going to do. Like Dominic said, there was nowhere to run. 

Chapter 4
I woke up to someone knocking on my door. “What?” I couldn’t keep the annoyance out of my tone. 
My father rattled the door handle. “It’s after eight. Get up and go do something with yourself.”  
I rolled on my side and looked at the clock. Sure enough, it was a little after eight at night. I grumbled as I got out of bed and went to the shower.  
Once I was out of the shower, I dressed in jeans and a tank top. I walked downstairs to the kitchen where my dad was cooking dinner. I sat at the bar and watched him. He glanced up at me briefly before going back to what he was doing. “I’m having a girl named Becky come over in a little while. She’s going to show you around. It isn’t healthy for you to stay in the house.” 
By his tone I could tell he wasn’t going to give me a choice. “Why should I go out? I have this stupid necklace on, and all I am going to do is get my ass kicked.” 
He smirked like he knew I was right. “That’s part of growing up.” 
“Whatever, I’m not hungry. I’m going back to my room.” I climbed off the stool and walked out of the kitchen. 
“Becky will be here soon, you better be nice,” he called after me. 
I trudged back up the stairs to my room wishing I had the stupid silver necklace off, so I could at least attempt to run. 
I lay on the bed watching TV pondering my current situation. A light knock on the door caught my attention. I knew it was the girl, Becky, so I just ignored it. After another three soft knocks she finally spoke. “I know you’re in there, and I know you’re being difficult. Your dad won’t let me leave until you at least talk to me, so just make this easier on both of us and open the door.” She sounded as annoyed as I felt.  
I smiled as I got to my feet. I walked over to the door and opened it. Becky was tall and she had long black hair and brown eyes. She was older than me by a few years. She actually resembled Dominic. “Are you related to Dominic?”  
“I’m his cousin. Now can I show you around, so I can get back to my life? I would really prefer not to babysit a baby wolf,” she countered. 
I scowled. “Get your cousin to take this stupid necklace off, and I’ll be gone.” 
She rolled her eyes and walked off. “Come on, baby wolf … I don’t have all night.” 
I reluctantly followed her. I didn’t really want to go, but I didn’t mind getting out of the house. “Where are we going?” I asked as we walked out to her car. 
“I’m going to my boyfriend’s tattoo parlor outside town. I told your dad I would let you tag along.” She climbed in the car. She didn’t care whether I had protests or not.  
I got in next to her, and she set off in the direction we had come from when we first came. I watched out the window not really knowing what to say to her. 
She glanced at me. “You look like your father.”  
“Unfortunately,” I muttered.  
She laughed. “Your father is hot. You should be happy you look like him.” 
I scowled. “My father put a fucking necklace on me. I really don’t like him right now.” 
She smiled. “You know some wolves can beat the necklaces. Most of the alphas are immune to silver. Dominic wears a silver ring.” 
I was intrigued now. “How? Tell me how to do it?” I begged hoping it wouldn’t be too hard. 
She shrugged. “You just wear it until it doesn’t affect you anymore. Some wolves can’t get past it. Our head female, Audrey, has been trying for months and can’t get immune. It took Dominic a matter of days. It doesn’t seem like it is effecting you like it does most, maybe a little longer and you’ll be immune.” 
She was right. I didn’t feel as tired, and I could no longer feel the necklace around my neck. “What happens when you become immune to silver?”  
She shrugged. “When you turn twenty-one you can become an alpha if you fight. Normally, if you’re immune to silver you’re stronger than most other wolves.” 
“Oh,” I said absently and looked out the window. It would be awesome if I could beat the necklace, but I wouldn’t be doing it to be an alpha.  
She pulled into the parking lot of a tattoo parlor. It looked more like a biker hangout than anything. It was in the middle of nowhere, and it actually was surprisingly busy. I followed her into the parlor. The patrons were human, and the employees were werewolves. 
One guy saw Becky and smiled. She giggled as she ran over to him and hugged him. I thought it was kind of funny that werewolves were tattoo artists. None of them had tattoos or piercings. They couldn’t because the tattoo or piercing would heal immediately because of our body’s ability to heal. 
One of the other guys smiled at me. “Who’s your friend, Becky?” 
“Some girl I have to babysit.” Becky made sure she sounded put out. 
I rolled my eyes. “You obviously pissed someone off to get the job.” 
She glared at me. “You should watch your mouth, baby wolf.”  
I narrowed my eyes at her. I didn’t like how she was acting. I knew it was because there were males around. “It’s Kylie, and necklace or not, piss me off and I will whip your ass.” 
She stepped forward and her boyfriend caught her arm. “Come on, babe … let’s go to the back. Danny will take care of her.” He was giving her his best panty-dropping smile. 
She glanced at me, then followed her boyfriend.  
Danny smiled as he looked me over. “So you must be the troublemaker.” 
I shrugged. “Something like that.” I walked over to the jewelry case and looked through the jewelry. Werewolves couldn’t have piercings because every metal other than silver would heal into our skin. Thinking about it … it kind of sucked to be us. 
“I can give you a tattoo. It’s not permanent because of the whole healing thing, but it will last you a week or so,” he offered. 
I looked up at him. “How could you make it permanent?” 
He looked a little startled like he never even considered it. “It would have to have silver in it.” 
“Oh.” I looked back down at the tongue studs and belly button rings. “Can you do it?” I asked looking back up at him. 
He looked amused now. “Maybe, but that would suck for you.” 
I shrugged. “Maybe.” 
“It wouldn’t be like the necklace. The necklace is on your skin, not in it.” He came over to stand next to me as he spoke. 
“Can I have a tongue ring?” I asked looking at him. 
He looked at me like I was insane. “You obviously have never been cut with silver. Do you have any idea how much that will hurt?” 
I shook my head. “I’ll find out though, won’t I? I want that one.” I pointed to one that had a blue gem, the color of my eyes, on the end. 
He shook his head and opened the case. He put gloves on so he could touch the silver. “You’re insane, no wonder you’re wearing that necklace.” 
I smiled. “If this works can I have a nose stud, and a belly button ring?”  
He looked at in complete disbelief and amusement. “I will give you all of them, if you can handle this in your mouth.”  
“Yay!” I was excited now.  
I followed him to his private booth. I sat in the chair, and he sat in front of me. “Ready?” 
He sounded like he really didn’t want to do it. I nodded and he shook his head and started. 
He punched the stud through my tongue, and it stung for a minute, but then the stinging was gone. He looked at me like he was ready to pull it out as soon as I started screaming in pain. 
When I didn’t scream, he put the other end on it to secure it, then he released me. 
“No blood curdling scream?” he asked both shocked and amused. 
“It really doesn’t hurt. It tingles a little.” It felt weird, not painful. 
He smiled. “Most wolves can’t touch it or wear a damn ring and you have it through your tongue.” 
“Can I get the other two?” I asked excitedly. 
He looked at me hesitantly. “Are you sure?”  
I nodded. “Please, please,” I begged touching his arm. 
He raised his hands in surrender. “I’ll be back.” He walked out to get the jewelry. I looked at the tongue ring in the mirror. I liked it. He came back in and did the other two piercings. They didn’t hurt that bad either; it was more of an annoying tingle. 
“Don’t show anyone these, and if they ask about the stud in your nose tell them it is a sticker like all the other girls wear. Oh, and don’t kiss anyone, you will fuck him up unless he’s immune,” he warned. 
I nodded. “I want a tattoo … can you give me a tattoo?” I was hoping he could. 
He watched me for a minute, then he nodded. “I’ll look into it. Becky is ready to go, so I’ll see you next time.”  
“Thank you,” I said happily as I hugged him. 
He laughed. “You’re welcome. You’re definitely the strangest girl I’ve ever met.” 
I walked back out and Becky was waiting. “What were you doing?” She sounded as impatient as she looked. 
“Nothing.” I could barely hide my good mood. I walked out the door toward her car. 
She watched me suspiciously as she followed me. “Dominic wants you to help Pam at the diner. She’s short staffed.” Becky was obviously enjoying my punishment. 
I rolled my eyes. “Fine,” I muttered.
She drove me to the diner; happy to get rid of me. I walked into the diner and it was a mad house. Dominic was standing near the front counter with two women. One was older than him and the other was around his age, maybe a little younger. I would have to be careful when I talked so he couldn’t see my tongue piercing.  
He smiled at me. “Hi, Kylie,” he said playfully. 
“I’m here. What do you want?” I made sure I sounded as annoyed as possible.  
He smiled wider. “This is Pam, she owns the diner and she needs extra help. I told her I had just the girl for her.” 
“You really are so nice,” I said as condescendingly as I could manage. 
The younger woman offered me her hand. “I’m Audrey.” 
“Apparently, I have work to do.” I disregarded her hand and walked off. I didn’t like her already, and I didn’t even know her. The fact that she might be with Dominic kind of annoyed me … he kind of annoyed me too. 
“Well you seem like such a nice girl. Why don’t you start by cleaning some tables?” Pam said nervously. I knew she was lying and trying to be nice. 
“Whatever,” I muttered as I accepted the tray, rag, and cleaner from her. 
I walked to the first empty table and started to clean it. I glanced up at the counter. Audrey was talking to Dominic. She kept touching his arm. He didn’t seem to be touching her, making me wonder if that meant they weren’t together. 
“They aren’t a couple if that’s what you’re trying to figure out,” a girl around my age said as she took a seat at the table that I was cleaning. She had mouse brown hair and gray eyes. She was pretty, but I could tell she wasn’t one of the alpha wolves. 
“So, they just run the pack together?” I asked confused. 
She nodded. “My name is Marie.” She offered me her hand. 
“Kylie,” I said accepting it. 
She smiled. “I know you’re new here, so I thought maybe you could use a friend.” 
I shrugged. “Sure, why not. I have to go clean tables, but maybe I’ll see you around.” 
 She smiled and nodded, then I moved on to my next table.
I swear it never slowed down. I was cleaning tables until the sun was starting to come up. I was ready to go home when Pam finally closed the diner. “Do you need a ride?” 
I shook my head. “I can walk.” 
She nodded and hurried over to her car. I could see the light over the horizon, but it was still dark. I felt pretty good considering I had worked all night, and I had a ton of silver in me. I decided to cut through the woods. I ran, dodging trees and rocks. I actually felt like my old self. 
The necklace didn’t have as much of an affect. I was beginning to think I was beating the silver, and that thought excited me. I made it to my house in record time. I walked into the house and bounded up the stairs to my room. I was tired, but I was looking forward to the next day.

Chapter 5
I woke up before my dad came to bug me. It was a little after six at night. I showered and dressed in jeans and a tank top. I pinned my hair up and did my makeup. I looked at my tongue ring in the mirror; everything looked normal. 
There was a knock on my door, so I answered it. It was my father. “Danny is here to see you.” He sounded like he didn’t approve. 
I smiled. The first thought that came to mind was maybe he found a way to give me a tattoo. I hurried past my dad and down the stairs. Danny smiled at me as I hugged him. I liked Danny, he was nice to me and he was a cool guy.  
He hugged me back. “Hey, babe. I have a surprise for you.” 
My father cleared his throat as he came down the stairs. He had his eyes on Danny. “Are you two going out?”  
Danny shifted nervously under my father’s gaze. 
“We are. I’ll be back later.” I grabbed Danny’s hand and pulled him out the door. 
“What’s the surprise?” I asked excitedly as Danny held the car door for me. 
He grinned. “I’m going to give you a tattoo. I found a way to do it by putting a small amount of silver in the ink. It may hurt though, but I figured you were willing to take a risk.” 
I nodded. “You know I am.” 
Danny spent hours giving me a tattoo. He was right, it did suck, but it was an awesome tattoo. He did a vine with beautiful blue and silver flowers. In the center of the flowers he put diamond studs. The vine went from my hips all the way up my sides over my belly and under my breasts. I was healing as fast as he was making the tattoo, but the tattoo stayed thanks to the silver. He talked and joked about all the people in the pack. All the information he could give would be helpful. 
I stood in front of the mirror with my arm covering my breasts as I looked the tattoo over. It was awesome. Danny sat back and watched me. I grinned at him. “This is awesome, thank you.” 
He laughed. “Here’s the best part.” He walked over to me and touched my side where the tattoo was. He cussed; pulling his hand away, then he showed me the burn on his hand. 
I looked at him startled. “You can’t touch me?” 
He smiled. “Not unless I’m immune to silver.” 
“That’s awesome!” I said excitedly. I grabbed my shirt and went behind the curtain. I pulled it on, then stepped out and smiled at him. “I love it, thank you.” 
He smiled. “Let me give you a ride home.” 
I shook my head. “I can run.” 
He nodded. “Come by if you want another one. I had fun giving it to you.” He winked playfully. 
I laughed as I backed away. “I had fun too.” I bolted out the door. It was later than normal, and I knew if I didn’t get home soon my dad would be angry. I went to cross the road to go into the woods when a big black truck blocked me.  
The driver’s window rolled down and Dominic smiled at me. “Your dad is worried.” “He knows I was with Danny. I’m heading home now,” I said annoyed. 
His expression darkened. “Danny? That surprises me.” 
I looked at him confused. “Why? Danny is cool.” 
“Danny is weak,” he countered sounding ruffled. 
I rolled my eyes. “I don’t care about rank.” 
He smiled. “You will eventually. Get in; I’ll give you a ride.” 
I was thinking about protesting, but I knew it would annoy him and he wouldn’t let it go. 
I sighed as I walked over to the passenger side and climbed in. 
He set off toward my house and looked over at me. “Is that stud new?” he asked indicating my nose. 
“It’s a sticker,” I lied. 
He looked at me like he didn’t believe me. His phone rang distracting him. He answered and talked to the person briefly, then hung up. “You’re staying with me today.” 
I looked at him confused. “Why?”  
He smiled. “Your father has company. He wants the house to himself.” 
I rolled my eyes. “That’s ridiculous,” I muttered. 
“Ah what’s wrong? You don’t want to come to my house?” He was pretending to pout. 
“Not really,” I muttered. 
He laughed. “You don’t have a choice.” He turned down a side street. 
He pulled into the driveway of a simple log cabin. I was kind of surprised. I thought he would have some great house. I climbed out of the truck and followed him inside. 
I looked around as he stretched out on the couch and flipped the TV on. “This is not what I expected.” 
He glanced up at me. “Why not?”  
I shrugged as I took a seat next to him. “It seems too plain for a pack leader.” 
He watched me for a minute. “When did you beat the necklace?” 
I looked at him innocently. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
He moved suddenly, pinning me, so he was posed over me. My breath caught because he was so close to me. I looked up into his dark green eyes, and I felt my heart speed up. “When did you realize you beat the necklace?” he asked again. There was a hint of a threat behind his tone, but it just made him sexier not scarier. 
I smiled playfully. “Yesterday, why?” 
He brushed his lips against mine. “Why haven’t you run?” 
My heart was pounding, and I felt my mouth go dry. I’d never been this close to a guy, and I had no clue what to do. “Nowhere to run,” I said breathlessly. 
He smiled and pressed his lips to mine. His tongue touched mine and he froze, then he broke the kiss. He tugged on my chin pulling my mouth open. He looked at the tongue ring, then his eyes met mine. I couldn’t read his expression. “I see why you’ve been with Danny.” 
I smiled. “Do you like it?” I didn’t know why I cared, but I did. I liked him and when he was so close it was impossible for me to think straight. 
He ran his fingers down my cheek. I noticed his silver ring for the first time. It was a really nice twisted band. “You have no idea,” he whispered playfully, then he kissed me again. His tongue tangled with mine, and I enjoyed the taste of his mouth. He broke the kiss again. “Do you have any more surprises?”  
I smiled. “The nose stud is real.” 
“I like it,” he said playfully, then he kissed my lips again. His kisses were hungry and desperate. He had me pinned underneath him, and I loved it.  
The doorbell rang and Dominic growled in annoyance as he stood. He looked down at me. His eyes were a beautiful greenish gold. He was turned on … it was obvious. He cussed as he got to his ft, then he walked to the door. I sat up trying to adjust myself, so I didn’t look like I was making out with him. 
He opened the door and Audrey was standing there. “Hey, Nick…” she started, then hesitated when she saw me sitting on the couch. “Is this a bad time?” She sounded a little disgruntled. 
“Not at all, come in.” He moved aside, so she could enter. 
She stepped inside, glancing at me nervously as she did. She knew I didn’t like her, and I was pretty sure she didn’t like me by now. “I was just checking in.” 
He nodded. “Kylie is staying with me today. Her father has company, and he wanted her out of the house.” He didn’t mention the fact that he was kissing me, but I let it go. 
She looked a little relieved. “Oh.” 
I slowly stood. “I’m ready for bed. Where am I sleeping?”  
The way he looked at me made my skin tingle. He quickly looked away obviously not wanting Audrey to see it. “Take my bed. I can sleep on the couch.” 
“Thanks.” I walked to his bedroom. I didn’t really want to leave him alone with Audrey, but I didn’t want to fight over him either. The fact that I was attracted to him irritated me. 
His bedroom was done in black and dark green. It looked like a guy’s room. I looked around, there was nothing really that exciting. I decided I wanted a shower, so I walked to his bathroom and started the water. I walked back out to the bedroom and unpinned my hair. The door opened, and I looked up at him and smiled. “I’m taking a shower.” 
He stood leaning against the door. “I wanted to say I was out of line, and I apologize.”  
I nodded as I stripped my shirt off, then my bra. He stiffened as he looked me over. The tattoo was really awesome. I smiled sweetly. “No hard feelings.” I popped the button on my jeans, then turned and walked into the bathroom. 
I kept my back turned toward the bathroom door. I knew he was standing there watching me, but I refused to acknowledge him. I slipped out of my jeans and tossed them aside, then I stepped into the shower. 
The water felt so good against my skin. The area where the tattoo was tingled from the water bouncing off it. I heard him step into the shower behind me. My pulse quickened, but I managed to stay calm and pretend he didn’t exist. 
“You’re being so cruel,” he whispered as he pushed my hair to one side. He laid a gentle kiss against my neck. 
I laughed. “How so? A minute ago, you were apologizing for being out of line.” 
He touched my sides where the tattoo was and sucked in air like he was startled. “How are you not deathly ill from silver poisoning?” 
“I’m special,” I said playfully. “Besides, you wear a silver ring.” 
“That’s not inside me,” he countered. 
I turned and looked up at him. “It’s more fun when it’s inside me.” 
He growled low in his throat as he pinned me. His cock hardened against my belly. “I can’t do this with you. I have other obligations.” 
I looked up at him innocently, then I giggled. “Sounds boring,” I whispered as I leaned into him. I ran my fingers down his chest and grasped his hard shaft. He groaned low in his throat. His eyes changed as I ran my hand over his hard length. He felt like silk in my hand. “How does it work?” I asked looking at him curiously. 
“What?” His voice was tight with pleasure as he spoke. 
“Sex,” I said softly, as I pressed my lips to his perfect chest. He was driving me as crazy as I was driving him. 
“We aren’t having sex,” he said firmly. 
I looked at him confused. “Why not?” 
“I told you, I have other obligations.” He was trying to hold it together, but he was failing. 
I smiled playfully. “I won’t tell … I promise.” 
He smiled. “I have heard that before.” He acted like I offended him for even suggesting it. 
“Then why are you in the shower with me?” I asked as I pressed my body to his. 
He watched me like he was trying to decide what he wanted to do. “There is no rule against showering together.” 
I smiled. “What if I happen to suck your cock would I be breaking the rules?” 
He raised his eyebrows. “That technically isn’t sex. Sex is an act that can cause reproduction. I’m not allowed to reproduce without permission.” 
“Doesn’t the female have to be twenty-one, in heat, and don’t we both have to be in wolf form for that to happen,” I asked confused. My mother told me a few things, but not much. I wasn’t any of those things. For some reason, females had to be twenty-one before they started going into heat to reproduce. They were like real wolves and only went into heat once a year during the spring, which had passed. It was all so complicated I never paid much attention to it. 
“Yes.” His voice was a soft whisper. 
I smiled and leaned into him. “Then I don’t see a problem.” I trailed kisses down his chest. I knelt in front of him and covered his hard cock with my mouth. It took me a minute to get a hang of the movement, but he didn’t protest. I ran the silver tongue stud along his cock, and he hardened even more in my mouth. 
“Fuck!” he growled at he placed his hands on the wall to stabilize himself. I looked up at him. His eyes were clamped shut, as I continued to use the end of the stud on him. I moved faster. I was getting excited as he began to move his hips, encouraging my lips. He groaned and his body tightened. His hot salty release filled my mouth as his body sagged in relief. I sucked enjoying how he tasted.  
I stood and pressed my lips to his. He pinned me to the wall. I felt him rub his hard cock against me. He was ready to penetrate me, and I felt myself panic a little. “Wait, I’m not ready.” I couldn’t focus, and I wasn’t sure if I could handle having sex. It would be my first time and I was nervous. 
He scowled. “You shouldn’t tease like that.” He moved away from me and stepped out of the shower. 
I scowled. I wasn’t backing out … I just needed a minute. He was acting like I denied him. I stepped out, grabbed a towel, and wrapped it around my body. I walked out into the bedroom ready to fight. He was putting a shirt on, and he was already wearing pajama pants. “What is it with you? I just needed a minute.” 
He glanced up at me. “You’re too young to even figure out how it works. I can’t have sex with you.” He sounded like he was making fun of me. 
“I haven’t been around others that are like me. I’m sorry if I’m a little inexperienced!” I was furious now. He was making me feel like an idiot. 
“And I’m sorry that you’re offended because I don’t want to teach a baby how to have sex,” he growled and marched out.  
I cussed. I found one of his big tee shirts and put it on, then I flopped down on his bed. The bed smelled like his cologne and natural scent and it drove me even more insane.

Chapter 6
I woke up and rolled so I could look at the clock; it was only around noon. I didn’t know what woke me up. I shifted again and the sensations emanating from between my thighs sent shivers through me. My thighs were damp … I was excited. I could smell him, and he smelled so good. He smelled like sweat and something else, but I couldn’t place it. I was curious because I had no clue what was going on. I slid his shirt on and walked out toward where he was sleeping. 
He was groaning as he massaged himself. His eyes fell on me. He stopped and watched me. “I didn’t know you were awake.” His voice was deep and seductive. 
“I wasn’t,” I whispered moving closer to him. He was hard and ready. He was sprawled out on the couch. My eyes fell on his hard cock. He was throbbing. He was on the edge of release. Something about him attracted me. It was like he was drawing me in. My eyes went back to his and he smiled.  
“I’m in need, Kylie,” he whispered as he began to massage himself again.  
I was nervous now, but I managed to keep my voice from cracking. “I thought you didn’t want to teach a baby.” I meant for it to be condescending, but it came out wrong when I was in front of him. 
He smiled and groaned. “I didn’t … I don’t … but you’re right in front of me wet and wanting me. I’ll take what I can get at this point.” 
“You’re an ass,” I growled, but I didn’t move to leave. My brain was demanding I leave, but my body wasn’t cooperating.   
He moved suddenly starling me as he grabbed ahold of me. He pinned me to the couch. In the same move he pinned my legs up. “I’m not going to give you a chance to back out this time.” His playful tone didn’t match the lust-filled look in his eyes.  
My eyes widened in surprise when he started to fill me with his hard cock. I stifled cries as I tried to move. He held me still as he moved aggressively against me. It hurt at first, but the pain was slowly taken over by pleasure. I moved, pushing him back, so I could straddle him. He looked a little surprised by my sudden enthusiasm. I pressed my lips to his. I started to ride him. His hard cock touched every tender spot inside me. I was moaning in ecstasy. I wanted more, I wanted it harder. He moved suddenly, pinning me face down on the couch. He pushed his cock inside me from behind. He was growling and groaning as he moved against me. I was trying to control the feelings that were consuming me. 
“Wait!” I cried when I couldn’t control it anymore. He ignored me and continued until I was screaming and writhing underneath him. 
He half-cried, half howled as he filled me with his hot release. He grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me to my knees. He pressed his chest to my back. I was panting as he kissed my neck. “That is how you fuck,” he whispered sounding pleased. He pushed me back down onto the couch, so I was face down. He stood up and stretched. “That was great. I love it when the first release is satisfying.”  
I lay watching him, not sure what I felt. It happened so fast my head was spinning. My body felt good, but I knew he was using me to get off. He didn’t want anything else from me. 
He watched me as he pulled his pants back on. “I’m done with you. You should go back to bed.” 
I rolled my eyes. “Gee … don’t act like you used me or anything,” I muttered as I got to my feet. 
“It’s called being an adult, Kylie. You should be able to have a partner that lets you blow off steam and that’s it. No strings attached,” he countered. 
I stood and smiled. “You know what you’re right. I should be able to just do it with random partners. It really was no big deal,” I said snidely.  
He just smirked at me like he thought I was amusing.  
I walked back to his room without waiting for a reply. I was furious and confused all at the same time. It felt so good and he was acting like he didn’t care because it was just sex. I paced the room and decided I was too worked up to go to bed. I definitely didn’t want to stay here. I dressed in my clothes and walked back out of the room.  
He got to his feet. “Where are you going?”  
“Home.” I went to walk past him. 
He caught me around the waist. I glared up at him. He raised his eyebrows in amusement. “You smell like me. You have to shower and wait a couple hours, or your father will know.” 
I sighed. “I want to leave. I will sneak in the house and shower. He won’t find out.” 
His expression softened, then he kissed my forehead gently. “I’m sorry if I’ve confused you.” He released me and walked toward his room. 
I scowled and walked out. I didn’t want an apology. I wanted him to be with me. I wanted him to be less of ass. 

I made it to my room without incident. It was early, so I knew my father would be asleep. I showered, then went back to bed. I wished I could say I slept, but I couldn’t. It was a little after five when I gave up trying and got up. 
I dressed in a pair of low-cut jeans and a blue shirt that looked like half a tank top and it laced up the front. My tattoo was in full view, and it looked awesome. My belly button ring also looked good. The tingling sensations had gone away, and it was nothing but normal skin now. 
My father still wasn’t awake, so I left the house. I wanted to go do something with myself. My mind was driving me insane. I decided to go to the diner and see who was there. I walked into the diner and it was surprisingly slow, but it was early. 
My gaze locked with Dominic’s, but I quickly looked away. I spotted Marie and decided I would see what she was like. I slid in the seat across from her and she smiled. “That tattoo looks like a lot of work for something that is going to wear off in a week or so.” 
“It’s real,” I said quietly.  
She raised her eyebrows. “How?” 
I shrugged. “It has silver in it. Danny gave it to me last night. I have a belly button, tongue, and nose piercing too.” 
“All silver? Are you trying to kill yourself?” she asked skeptically. 
“Nah, I was just trying to beat the necklace,” I said absently as I flipped through the menu. 
She looked amused now. “And?”  
I looked at her confused. “And what?” 
She pursed her lips like I wasn’t keeping up. “Can you take it off?” 
I looked at her for a second. I hadn’t even tried. I didn’t really know why I hadn’t tried. I reached up and touched it. It didn’t burn me, so I unhooked it. “Huh, I guess I can.” I put it back on. I felt kind of naked without it.  
She raised her eyebrows in amusement. “He just saw you take it off. You might as well leave it off,” she said dryly. 
I shrugged. “I kind of like it, it goes with my other jewelry.” 
She smiled. “And it is a sign of complete and udder defiance against Dominic and the council.” 
I smiled amused by this bit of information. I hadn’t thought about that, but I liked that. “That’s a perk.” 
Becky strolled over to our table. “Well, well if it isn’t baby wolf and the nerd.” 
I wasn’t in the mood to deal with Becky. “Go away, Becky.” 
“Excuse me, baby wolf,” she hissed as she planted her hand in the middle of my menu and pinned it to the table. 
“Uh oh.” Marie sounded more amused than worried. 
I looked up at Becky. “Really?” 
“You’re awful mouthy for a girl who can get her ass kicked,” she said haughtily. 
I stood up and got in her face. “Is that a threat?”. 
She faltered a little but stood her ground. “You’re out of line.” 
I smiled. “Then put me back in line. I dare you.” 
Pam hurried over to us and positioned herself between us. “Ladies, that’s enough.”
 “She’s running her mouth,” Becky pouted. 
“And you’re just a bitch,” I countered. 
I could tell I hit a nerve. Becky lunged at me, but I easily tossed her backwards into a table.  
“Both of you stop!” Audrey snapped coming over to us. I was a little surprised Dominic was staying out of it. 
Becky looked at me startled as she scrambled to her feet. I wasn’t going to attack even though I wanted to. I definitely wasn’t going to let her hit me.  
I looked at Audrey. I also wanted to hit her, but I fought the urge. “She started it.” 
Becky was watching me with a confused look on her face. “You have a necklace on.” 
I smiled. “So what. That makes me an easy target. I guess you learned your lesson.” 
Audrey looked at me. “She’s right, you’re supposed to be controlled.”  
“I am.” I held up the silver necklace. “I never said it worked.” 
“Kylie, let’s go,” Dominic ordered. 
I shifted my gaze to him. “I wasn’t doing anything. She started it. I was sitting there looking at the menu.” 
“Now, Kylie.” He started walking toward the door like he knew I would comply. 
“This is bullshit!” I balled my hands into fists as I followed him out of the diner. 
He stopped over by his truck. “What are you doing?” His expression was dark and angry. 
“I was reading the menu.” I made sure he knew I didn’t like his interrogation.  
He held my gaze. “Becky and Audrey have rank; you aren’t supposed to talk back to them.” 
“I don’t give a fuck about their rank. If they are rude, I’m going to be rude back.” I couldn’t believe he was even defending them. 
His expression darkened. “They may not be able to whip your ass, but I can.” He stepped forward, closing the space between us. 
“I’m not afraid of you!” I shoved him backwards. He made me angry, and I wasn’t going to tolerate it. 
He lunged forward and shoved me into the side of his truck. “I won’t tolerate this, Kylie!” He was yelling now. 
“Fuck you!” I hissed and caught him across the face with a punch. He stumbled backwards momentarily disoriented. I took the opening and ran toward the woods. I had all my energy back, so I was able to run like I had before the necklace.  
I could hear him crashing through the woods behind me as he tried to catch up. He tackled me and we went to the ground hard. I struggled, but he got the upper hand and pinned me. He smacked me several times. His hits were jarring, and I could taste the blood in my mouth. 
He grabbed my chin and forced me to look at him. “You may have beat that fucking necklace, but you haven’t beaten me. I’m your pack master, and I swear if I have to beat you every time you step out of line then I will.” He was pissed. I was pretty sure this was the angriest I made him. 
I glared at him. I was trying to catch my breath, so I couldn’t speak. I was furious and I wanted to yell and scream and hit him.  
His expression softened a little. “I’m not your friend, Kylie. You need to forget what I let happen. I take responsibility for that, but it’s over. It was nothing. I will never touch you like that again. Do you understand?”  
I nodded and he released me. I scrambled away from him, then I held his gaze for a minute. I couldn’t figure out what I was feeling. It was a mixture of such tumultuous emotions. I turned and ran deeper into the woods away from him. Hot tears streaked my cheeks. I collapsed in a clearing trying to catch my breath. I wasn’t hurt physically, but my chest hurt. I never felt like this and I hated it. The feeling made me angry. I felt vulnerable. I stayed where I was until I regained control of my emotions. After a while, I slowly got to my feet and walked back toward my house. 
I was deep in the woods, and I hadn’t paid much attention to where I was when I was running. Now that I could look around, I realized it was nice. There was a little house nestled in the trees. It was dark, but there was a woman sitting on her porch. “Are you okay, dear?” she asked as I was passing by. 
I hesitated and looked at her. “I’m fine.” 
She smiled warmly. “I’m Maggie the pack healer. You must be Kylie, Kyle’s little girl.”  
Every pack had a healer. She healed werewolves and helped during the time the females gave birth, which was right around this time. Mating season ended in April so many of the babies were born in three to four months, between July and August. Our gestation period wasn’t as long as humans and it wasn’t as short as a wolf’s, it was somewhere in-between. 
“I am. It’s nice to meet you.” I went to walk away. I wasn’t really interested in having a conversation. 
“Why don’t you come in for some tea? I haven’t had much to do this week. The company would be nice,” she offered. 
I thought about it for a minute. I knew healers were nice, so I wasn’t worried about her hurting me. I just wasn’t sure I wanted to be around anyone. I sighed as I walked toward the house. I would stay a few minutes to make the old lady happy. She smiled, then turned and went into the house. I followed. It was a nice house; it was bigger than it appeared. 
She moved around the kitchen preparing tea. “How’s your mother? I actually delivered you. I delivered almost all the werewolves in the pack.” 
“She’s good,” I said dryly. 
“Uh oh, are you not happy with her?” Maggie asked. She was easy to talk to.
I sat down at a small table. “She sent me here, and I’m not fitting in very well.”
“I’m sure it will get better. You’re just young. It was a mistake on your mother’s part not to let you grow up in your pack. Now you’re trying to adjust to all the rules. It’s much easier to go from pack to lone wolf than vice versa.” She offered me a cup of tea. 
I nodded and accepted the cup. “Maybe you’re right.” 
She watched me for a second, then smiled. “Well you’re a strong little wolf. You will figure it out.” 
“Why, because I beat this stupid necklace?” I pulled on the silver chain. 
She laughed as she took her seat across from me. “That’s part of it. Now I’m sure there’s a boy. Which one is he?” 
I scoffed. “One that doesn’t want me.” 
She waved her hand. “I don’t believe that for a minute. It’s obvious you have someone you’ve been intimate with on your mind.” 
I sighed. “He’s stuck on himself because he’s the pack leader.” 
She smiled. “You must be talking about my Dominic.” 
I looked at her a little surprised. “Your, Dominic?” 
She nodded and stood as she walked over and retrieved a picture. “Dominic is my grandson. He’s a good boy even though he’s difficult.” She handed me the picture. 
I looked down at it. It was Dominic as a little boy. He was cute, and it made me smile a little. “He’s cute.” I handed the picture back to her. 
She nodded. “I’m sure you two will work things out.” 
I took a sip of my tea while she put the picture back. “How come you live so far from town?” I decided changing the subject would be best. 
She shrugged and smiled. “I like the silence. As you can imagine, during this time of year there are a lot of screaming women giving birth. It’s nice to just be alone sometimes.” 
I smiled. “I bet.”  
“You should come by when you’re bored. You could help me with the gardens, and I could teach you a thing or two.” Her offer seemed genuine, and it wasn’t like I had much else to do. 
“I think I will.” I was actually kind of happy to have a distraction. 
She smiled obviously glad I accepted. “Tomorrow night then. Come early. I’m sure we will have a birth or two soon.”  
I nodded as I stood. “That sounds fun. I should get home, but I will see you tomorrow night.” 
She nodded and showed me to the door. I waved at her, then I continued my trek home. 
I walked in the door of my dad’s house. I could hear him talking. I walked to the living room. My father was talking to Dominic. I turned to leave hoping I hadn’t been noticed yet. 
Dominic caught sight of me before I could retreat. “Kylie, I need to talk to you.” 
I turned and looked at him. “What is it?” I looked from him to my father, then back. 
Dominic glanced at my father. “I have to go … I’ll be back a little later.” My father quickly retreated.  
Dominic seemed unsure about how he should start the conversation. “I didn’t mean to be so rough earlier.” 
I smiled even though I was furious. “You do a lot of things you don’t mean, don’t you?” 
He watched me for a second obviously not sure what to say. “I’m sorry for misleading you and taking advantage. You are new to this and I keep forgetting that. You and I can’t be a couple. I know you don’t understand, and it’s not a reflection on whether I like you or not because I do like you. I have a responsibility to the pack to pick a strong and responsible mate and you are just too young.” 
I nodded pushing away that painful ache. I didn’t know why I cared so much. “I get it, can you leave now?” 
He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. “Yes, just stay out of trouble and call if you need me.” 
I nodded and looked away as he walked past me. It took everything I had not to reach out and touch him. As soon as I heard the door close, I could breathe easier. I hurried upstairs to my room hoping the next night would be better. 

Chapter 7
I woke up the next night around six. I went directly to Maggie’s and avoided all the trouble going to town would bring. She was on her porch when I approached. She smiled and waved. “You’re just in time. Mary and her mate are on their way; she’s in labor.” 
I wasn’t really looking forward to it, but I forced a smile. I was determined to help. I followed Maggie into the house. We set up the bed where Mary would have the baby. It was nice because it was a normal bed, not a cold hospital room. I could imagine it would be a lot more comfortable for her. Maggie explained the steps and showed me everything that she would use. It seemed pretty simple.  
“Maggie, we are here!” a nervous sounding male called from the front room. 
“Oh, that’s them!” Maggie hurried out. I followed her and she greeted a young couple. The blond girl looked like she was in pain. I was glad I had a couple more years before I worried about children. “Come on Mary. This is Kylie. She’s nicer than she looks, and she will help you.” 
I forced a smiled as Mary clung to my arm. I led her back to the room we prepared. I helped her change into the gown, and she sat on the bed. She watched me nervously. “This is my first baby.” 
“I’m sure everything will be fine. From what I’m told, Maggie delivers a lot of babies.” I smiled, trying to reassure her. 
She smiled weakly. “We hope it’s a girl.” 
“Well then, I will hope for a girl with you.” I was trying to make her comfortable because she looked miserable.  
She clutched her stomach and cried out. Her water broke and she looked terrified. “Oh no it’s time!” she squeaked. 
“It’s ok, I’ll get Maggie,” I said quickly. 
“No! Don’t leave me!” she cried and clutched her belly. 
“Maggie!” I yelled hoping she would hurry. 
The young man that brought Mary hurried in. “Maggie went to town for something. She said we still had a little bit.” 
“What?” I asked horrified. 
He blushed and looked at Mary.  
Mary cried out. “William the baby is coming!” 
He looked pale as he hurried to her side and took her hand. “Can’t you help?” They were both looking at me.  
I looked at the doorway wanting to run. I sighed. I knew what to do. I had a feeling Maggie did this on purpose. “I can.” I moved to the end of the bed. “William, slide her down and support her.” I really didn’t want to do this, but Mary was freaking out and William looked like he was going to pass out. I could see the baby crowning. I looked at Mary. “Alright Mary, when you feel a contraction push.” 
She nodded and within seconds she was pushing. I encouraged her as the baby continued to come out further with each push. The baby was almost out. “Okay … last push.” 
She was breathing hard and she looked tired, but she pushed, and I was suddenly holding a baby. It started wailing as soon as it was free. 
“What is it?” William asked snapping me out of it. 
I smiled. “A girl.” Mary looked relieved. I clamped and cut the cord, then wrapped the little girl up into a blanket and handed her to Mary. I smiled as I watched them look at the little screaming girl. They looked so happy. I cleaned the area and checked Mary. She was already healing thanks to her werewolf genes. Delivering the baby was nowhere near as hard as I thought it would be. 
After about thirty minutes Maggie came in. “I’m back,” she said happily, then she hesitated when she saw Mary holding the baby. 
“Yeah, she didn’t have a while,” I muttered as I walked past Maggie. I walked out into the kitchen. I needed a drink or something. That was something I never thought I would see. 
Maggie came in the kitchen after a few minutes. “That little girl is perfect. You did great. You really do seem suited for this job, and Mary was so happy with how you helped her.” 
“Whoa, I said I would help. I didn’t know you were going to ditch me and make me deliver a baby.” I was trying not to sound annoyed, but it was hard after she ran off like that. 
She sighed. “I had this feeling you don’t do anything unless you have no choice, so I gave you no choice. You can’t tell me holding that baby wasn’t an awesome feeling.” She was smiling like she knew exactly how I felt. 
I rolled my eyes, then smiled. “It was okay.” 
“Ha! See, you are meant for this. This is where you will fit in,” she said happily as she walked out. 
I shook my head. I would have to keep an eye on her if she thought she knew me so well. I poured Mary some juice and walked back to the room. I knocked gently, then went in. I was a little surprised to see Dominic was there and he was holding the baby. I suppose he was pack master, so he had to show support to the new members being born. He looked startled to see me as well. I ignored him and offered Mary the drink. She smiled as she accepted the cup. “Thank you.” 
Dominic handed the baby back to William. His eyes remained on me. “What are you doing here, Kylie?”  
Maggie smiled. “She’s helping me. She actually delivered little Abagail. Silly me, I thought I had more time, but little miss was in a hurry.” 
I could feel Dominic watching me, but I couldn’t bring myself to look at him. I slipped back out of the room while everyone discussed how pretty Abagail was. I went to the kitchen to find something to do. 
Dominic cleared his throat. “I didn’t picture you as the healer type.” 
I looked up at him and he was leaning on the door jamb. “There is a lot you don’t know about me.” I went back to smashing herbs. 
He smiled. “Well, I’m glad you found something you like.” 
I nodded. “It will keep me busy for a while, I guess.” 
He didn’t move to leave, even though I was making it a point to ignore him. After a few minutes of silence, he spoke. “Are you okay? You seem different.”  
I looked at him for a second, then I looked back at what I was doing. “I’m fine,” I lied. The truth was, I was in hell. I didn’t understand what I was feeling, and I felt like I couldn’t breathe every time I looked at him. 
He straightened, preparing to leave. “Good, Abagail is beautiful. Great job on the delivery.” 
I smiled. “It’s more of a wait and catch sort of thing.” 
He grinned. “I could see that. Well, I will leave you alone. If you need me just call.” 
I nodded and he left. I felt horrible. I didn’t want him to leave. I wished he wasn’t such an ass. 

Chapter 8
Over the next week, I went back to Maggie’s to help her. Working and learning from her kept me busy. It kept my mind off Dominic as much as possible, until I saw one of his pictures or Maggie mentioned him. I stood at the counter making Maggie and me a cup of tea. I hadn’t seen Dominic since the night in Maggie’s kitchen. It was probably for the best. I didn’t want to know who he was seeing or what he was doing. Another woman had just had her baby, a little boy this time. I found out that Maggie was also the healer for surrounding packs not just Dominic’s pack, which I thought was neat. The woman we had tonight was from one of the other packs. 
Maggie came into the kitchen and smiled. “Oh, tea sounds so nice. It gets so hectic this time of year.” She made it sound like it was difficult, but I could hear the happiness in her voice. She loved what she did. 
I smiled. “I agree.” 
She looked over at me. Her smile faltered a little. “What’s wrong with you?”  
I shook my head. “I’m a little tired lately that’s all.” I had been tired. I figured working all the time and barely sleeping was the cause. 
“Well you can go home early tonight, if you like.” She hurried back out of the kitchen. 
“Knock, knock,” Dominic’s voice startled me a little. 
I looked up and smiled. “Hey, Dominic.” 
He smiled back at me. “You look pretty did you change your hair?” 
I looked at him confused. “No, hair is the same as always. Do you want some tea?” 
He walked into the kitchen and sat down at the counter. “Why not. I don’t think I have ever seen you in a dress.” 
I looked down at myself. I was wearing a pretty pink floral dress. It clung to my body and looked awesome on me. “I was trying something new.” 
 “So, I take it you still like it here?” he asked changing the subject. 
I nodded as I retrieved a third cup. “It keeps me busy.” 
“You know you can come to town every now and then and say hi. I only come out here when a baby is born. So, after next month, you will see me even less if you don’t come to town.” He was being playful, maybe even a little flirtatious.  
I smiled. “I know you’re busy, and I’m busy, so I haven’t even attempted it. Maybe after it calms down a little, I will do that.” I didn’t see the point of seeing him. He didn’t want anything to do with me. 
Audrey walked in the room. “Hi, Kylie.” 
 I hadn’t realized she was even here. I hadn’t seen her since the diner. “Hi, Audrey.” I made sure I was polite. “I’m making tea, if you want some.” 
“Oh, no thanks. I’m not a fan of tea.” She turned her attention to Dominic. “Nick did you go in and see the baby yet?” 
He smiled. “I have, and he is beautiful like the rest.”  
Maggie came in the kitchen smiling. She hugged Dominic. “It’s good to see you Audrey.” 
Audrey returned Maggie’s smile. “You too Maggie.”  
“I’m going to check on them, here’s your tea Maggie.” I handed Maggie a cup. I wanted out of the awkward situation. I walked to the room and checked on Dana and the baby. Once I was sure they were okay, I walked out to the front porch. I hopped up on the railing and looked out toward the woods.  
Audrey came rushing out the front door. She looked angry and upset as she rushed to her car. I didn’t hear them fighting, but it was obvious something happened. Dominic came out on the porch and cussed when he saw Audrey’s car pull away. 
“Girl problems?” I couldn’t keep the amusement out of my tone. 
He looked at me as if he just realized I was there. “You have no idea,” he muttered. He came to stand next to me. He had his hands flat on the railing. He was looking down like he was stressed.  
I had the urge to touch him. I knew I shouldn’t, but I didn’t care I wanted to. I ran my hand gently down his back and he stiffened and looked at me. “It can’t be that bad.” 
He watched me for a second. I moved my hand and went back to looking out toward the woods and sipping my tea. I felt him move up behind me. His lips brushed my ear. “I am in need, Kylie.” I felt my skin tingle and come to life. He wanted me again, and I hated that I wanted him. 
“So am I,” I said breathlessly.  
He took my hand and helped me off the railing. I left my tea on the railing. He led me off the porch and into the woods. He stopped near a large tree and pinned me to the tree. His mouth covered mine. His kiss was hungry and desperate. His lips went to my neck and lower to the tops of my breasts. He began to unbutton the front of my dress. I wasn’t wearing a bra, so my breasts fell free. His mouth was on my breast. He sucked gently as he slid my panties down. I reached down and undid the button of his pants and freed his hard cock.  
He slid his hands up my thighs to my ass. He lifted me. I closed my eyes and moaned as his hard cock slowly sank into me. He began to move against me and every feeling I had been trying to forget came rushing back. My nipples tightened, and I moaned in ecstasy. I tangled my fingers in his hair as I kissed him aggressively. He looked at me. His eyes were the green and gold they turned when he was excited.  
“Dominic…” I started, but he pressed his lips to mine to stop me from speaking. I broke the kiss and cried out in ecstasy as he slowly pushed me over the edge. He felt so good. I dug my nails into his back, and he howled. My breath caught when his ear piecing howl broke the silence. I felt him let go. He supported himself with the tree as I clung to him. 
He rested against me for a few minutes, then he shifted against me. “I should go.” 
The same disappointment I felt the last time we were together came creeping up on me. “Okay.” I had nothing to offer him and he made it clear. I was too young. I was good for sex whenever he felt like having me. He set me on my feet. I wouldn’t meet his gaze, as I buttoned my dress. 
He caught my chin with his fingers, forcing me to look up at him. He pressed his lips to mine in a quick, chaste kiss, then he walked off leaving me alone. 
I sighed and leaned against the tree. I didn’t know what I was going to do. He was impossible and I knew I was falling for him even harder than before. I cussed and walked back to Maggie’s house. I stood looking at the house and decided I really didn’t want to go back in there. I decided to go home and go to bed. It was getting close to dawn anyway. 

Chapter 9
The next night, I got up early. I had slept a lot better than I thought I would. I put on another dress. I knew it was stupid, but Dominic liked the dress, so I wore another one. This one was blue like my eyes.  
I walked downstairs. My father was still in bed. He had a new girlfriend that he was always with. I barely saw him anymore. I went out the back door and made my way to Maggie’s house. 
I went in her back door and she was in the kitchen. She smiled up at me from where she was sitting. “You disappeared last night.” 
I nodded as I walked over to start tea. “Yeah, I was tired, so I went home a little early.” 
She smiled like she knew better. “Are you sure it had nothing to do with Dominic. I couldn’t help but notice he disappeared with you.” 
I sighed. “Maybe, I don’t really want to talk about it.” I knew Maggie wouldn’t press me. 
She never did. It was one of the reasons I liked going to Maggie’s house. 
“Dominic isn’t ready to settle down. Audrey is finding that out. She keeps trying to push him to mate with her next year, and I just don’t see him doing it. He has other things to worry about.” She smiled as she spoke like she was happy about those other things. I was wondering if she was starting to think he and I were a couple. I didn’t want her to think that even though that was what it looked like. 
“Maggie, I hope you aren’t saying that because of Dominic and me. He and I aren’t a couple.” I didn’t know why it bothered me so much to say it, but it did. 
She made a dismissive noise. “I’m saying it because I know my Dominic better than he knows himself and despite the fact that he thinks he has everything figured out … he’s wrong. He will get thrown a curve ball.” 
I smiled and shook my head. “I’m going to make sure all the rooms are in order.” 
She nodded. “The pack meeting is tonight. We have to go because there is a ranking fight tonight. Lots of injuries I’m sure. Pack some supplies, and we’ll leave after dark.” 
“Oh, okay.” I walked out of the kitchen and toward the back rooms. I’d never been to a pack meeting. I had yet to deal with anything other than women having babies, so this was going to be interesting. 

I finished packing supplies like Maggie requested. While Maggie was getting ready to leave, I was waiting in the front hall. There was a knock on the door, so I answered it. I was a little startled to see it was Danny. I hadn’t seen him in days, and he looked different.  
I hugged him. “Hey, Danny.” 
He smiled. “Hey, babe. I haven’t seen you in a while. I was coming to check on you.” 
I looked him over and realized what was different. He was wearing silver ring. “Is it real?”  
He nodded. “Before I couldn’t even touch the stuff. After seeing what you could do, I decided to give it a shot, and it worked. I was going to attempt a tattoo, but it was too much for me.” He was grinning ear to ear and he definitely seemed stronger. When I met him everyone called him weak; now he seemed much stronger. 
“Are you going to the meeting? Maggie and I are heading that way.” I kind of hoped he would come. I would like the company. 
He nodded. “I’ll help carry supplies.”  
Maggie smiled as she walked into the hall. “Good, cause I’m getting too old to carry all this mess,”  
We gathered the supplies and followed Maggie to the meeting spot in the woods. It was up the mountain trail, way out of the way. I was both a little excited and a little hesitant about going. I had never been to a pack meeting, and I really didn’t know what to expect. 
We entered a clearing. There were caves all around the circular clearing. There were several pack members already here. I looked around curiously as I set supplies where Maggie ordered.  
Danny moved up beside me. “You’ve never been to a meeting before have you?”  
I smiled up at him and shook my head. “This is kind of neat.” 
He nodded and took my hand. “I’ll show you around.” He led me away from Maggie.  
As we walked, he pointed things out. Every rock and cave had a purpose. It was a lot to remember. The crowd silenced. I looked to see what everyone was murmuring about. Dominic entered the circle. He was wearing nothing but a pair of jeans that were slung low on his hips. My father and another male followed. They were dressed the same way. They were the three heads of the pack. The council came out and took their assigned seats. They were all older, former leaders, who oversaw how Dominic ruled. Dominic started the fire in the center, then he howled. All the pack members cheered in excitement. It was neat because I could feel the energy of all the wolves surge through me.  
I looked around at all that was happening. “This is so cool.” My eyes locked with Dominic’s and I quickly looked away. I didn’t want him distracting me tonight. I looked back at Danny; he was standing close to me. Danny’s lips brushed mine, and I felt my pulse quicken. 
I didn’t pull away and he took it as an invitation. He deepened the kiss. He was suddenly pulled away from me and knocked backwards. He landed on his back in the center of the ring.  
Dominic paced in front of Danny. I scowled and hurried over to them. I shoved Dominic backwards. “What the fuck are you doing?” I hissed. 
Dominic closed the space between us. His face was inches from mine. “You are out of line, Kylie.” 
I refused to back down and let him beat up Danny because of his pride. “You are out of line!” I shoved him again.  
“I have a right to challenge whoever I want to.” He was pressing his body to mine, and I was pressing my body to his. Neither of us would back down. 
“No … you don’t. You’re being a bully.” Everyone around us had gone silent. Danny had got back to his feet and was watching us.  
Audrey moved into the circle. “Dominic what’s going on?”  
“This isn’t over,” he whispered, then he backed away. “Nothing!” he snapped as he passed Audrey. 
Audrey looked at me. She looked like she wanted to start something. She thought better of it and walked off to follow Dominic. Danny caught my arm and pulled me to him. “Thank you, but I could have defended myself.” 
“It wasn’t about that.” I walked off. I was so annoyed I didn’t want to be around either of them. I didn’t understand what Dominic wanted. I went over and sat on the rock next to Maggie. 
Maggie looked amused. “That boy has never fought anyone over a woman.” 
I scoffed. “He’s being a dick.” 
The crowd quieted and Dominic walked back out into the center. “The rankings are tonight. We will start with the males…” he started but he was cut off by Danny. 
Danny walked back into the circle with Dominic. “I challenge you, Dominic.” 
Dominic smiled. I didn’t like his expression. “Challenge accepted.” Dominic agreed. 
I cussed and moved through the crowd toward the ring. My father and another male blocked me. “You can’t let Danny fight him,” I said angrily. 
“Danny called him out. Dominic has to defend his position.” My father sounded like he was trying to sooth me. 
“No! Dominic will hurt him! Just let me talk to Dominic please.” My father looked at me for a second, then released me. I hurried over to Dominic. He was getting ready to fight. I went right up to him and glared at him, “Dominic don’t do this.” 
He smiled and pressed his body to mine. “Scared I might hurt your boyfriend?” 
“He isn’t my boyfriend. You’re going to hurt him,” I whispered when I noticed Audrey was nearby. 
“He challenged me, babe.” He was enjoying himself and it was annoying. 
“I will do anything, just call it off,” I begged softly looking up at him.  
He ran his fingers down my cheek. “I can’t call it off, but I won’t hurt him on one condition.” 
I looked at him unsure. He was trying to barter with me. “What is the condition?” I was nervous even though I tried not to act it. He made me nervous. He was being odd tonight. He was being overly friendly toward me.  
“After I’ve put him back in his place without hurting him too badly, you will go for a run with me. After the run you will let me have my way with you for the rest of the night.” His eyes sparkled with amusement. He wasn’t giving me much of a choice. 
“What happens if I don’t agree?” I countered trying to be difficult. I had never shifted. My mother never taught me; I never even saw her shift. He wanted me to run with him in wolf form, and I really had no clue how. 
He smiled unfazed by my defiance. “I will beat him within an inch of his life, and it will be all your fault.” 
My gaze locked with his and I knew he wasn’t lying. He would hurt Danny if he didn’t get his way. I would worry about figuring out how to shift later on. “Fine, I’ll do whatever you ask as long as you don’t seriously hurt him.” 
He leaned in and brushed his lips against mine. “Agreed,” he whispered, then he walked around me, toward the center where Danny was waiting. 
My eyes locked with Audrey’s. She was furious. I turned away from her disregarding her angry expression. I knew she was trying to get Dominic, and I was standing in her way. I walked over to Danny in an attempt to get him to back down. 
“Danny, he’s going to annihilate you,” I said angrily. 
Danny smiled nervously. “Maybe, but at least I stood up and didn’t let him bully me. I’m tired of being bullied. I want to prove I’m not weak like everyone thinks.” He sounded so determined, so I knew I wasn’t going to get him to change his mind.  
I sighed. “I never thought you were weak.”  
He smiled. “I know, and now I’m going to attempt to prove it. He may beat me, but the fact that I challenged him will be enough.” I glared at him with my arms crossed. He just grinned. “I stood by you when you were trying to commit suicide by silver, now let me commit suicide by Dominic.” He nudged me playfully. 
I rolled my eyes. “I hate male egos,” I muttered. 
He laughed and pulled me against him. “We have to do something to impress the ladies.” I knew he wanted to kiss me, but I was afraid it would make Dominic even angrier.  
“Danny let’s go!” Dominic barked angrily as he went to the center. 
Danny grinned and quickly kissed me startling me. I swatted at him and he laughed as he bounded toward Dominic. I turned and looked at Dominic. His expression wasn’t very friendly. I had a feeling this would be over quickly. 
I spotted Marie in the crowd and she was waving at me. I walked over to her. “Hey, Kylie, I can see you have already started trouble between the guys.” 
“This is ridiculous,” I muttered. “I’m not dating either of them.” 
She shrugged. “It’s standard procedure.” 
My father went and stood between Danny and Dominic. I was frozen watching them. I was a little startled when they both removed their pants and stood there naked.   
Marie giggled. “This is the best part.” 
I smiled … she was right. It wasn’t a bad view. I had never been a part of anything like this, and even though I was worried it was kind of exciting. Dominic shifted first and it was breathtaking. I had never seen it before now. He was a giant black wolf. He let out an ear piecing howl, and I felt my body quiver with excitement. I felt his energy surge through me. It was an odd feeling. Danny shifted next and he was a brown wolf. I was a little surprised at how much smaller Danny was compared to Dominic. Danny howled, but it wasn’t the same as when Dominic did. I stood moving as close as I could, watching them as they circled one another. My father howled, and they lunged at one another snarling and growling. Danny was quick and was able to get under Dominic’s feet, but Dominic quickly got ahold of him. They rolled around biting and howling. Dominic pinned Danny and Danny lay panting. Dominic backed away and Danny remained on the ground. Dominic turned to leave, then Danny sprang to his feet. Before Danny could move, another wolf pounced him and was tearing at his throat. 
I realized it was Audrey, and I was furious. I felt my body heat up as I ran toward her. I felt something happen and all the sound was suddenly dull. I felt my body change; it was the oddest feeling. My sight changed, and my hearing sharpened. She looked startled as I threw my body into her. I realized at that moment I was in wolf form. We went rolling across the ground. Danny scrambled to his feet preparing for another attack. Audrey was quick, but I was angry, so I was quicker. I pinned her by her throat. The urge to tear her throat out for playing dirty overwhelmed me. I was sure she went after Danny to piss me off, and she had my attention now. 
I was suddenly tackled, but I recovered quickly and squared with Dominic. He didn’t growl or snarl. He made another noise like a bark, but not quite as loud. He was trying to talk to me, not fight me. I relaxed a little and he came over and nuzzled my neck and nipped at me.  
I looked past him at Audrey. She was laying on the ground in human form. I didn’t think I hurt her, but maybe I did. Danny was standing not far from her watching me and Dominic.  
Dominic nudged me toward the woods.  I turned and ran into the woods. I could hear him behind me, then he was beside me running with me. It felt so good … I never felt so free. I never thought I was missing anything by not shifting. My mother made it seem so unimportant, but it was so freeing. Dominic nudged me indicating I should follow him. I followed him through the woods and into a clearing by the lake. He walked to the edge of the lake and looked at me. I walked over to him and looked down in the water. I was a little startled to see that I was completely white with ice blue eyes. He stood against me. He was the complete opposite. He was black with greenish gold eyes. He turned and ambled into the clearing and laid down. He was back in human form. I looked at myself one last time, then I walked over to him. I wasn’t sure how I was supposed to change back. I decided to relax and think about it. I felt a rush and I collapsed in the soft grass. I was back in human form … the feeling was amazing. I felt strong; it was an incredible feeling. I rolled and laid across Dominic’s chest.  
I smiled down at him. “That was an incredible feeling.” I couldn’t hide my excitement. 
He looked at me a little confused. “It always is.” 
“That was my first time shifting.” I sat up and looked around. I wanted to do it again and again.  
“What? That isn’t possible. We have to shift during the full moon; every wolf does.” He sounded like he was calling me crazy. That must have been where my mother disappeared to on the full moons. 
“I swear it was my first time. I loved it! Can we go run some more?” I asked as I looked down at him. 
He smiled as he reached up and cupped my cheek. “Maybe in a few minutes. I believe you have a promise to keep.”  
I smiled and pressed my lips to his. I kissed him aggressively as I ran my hands over his perfect chest. He growled low in his throat as he pinned me face down in the soft grass. He interlaced his fingers with mine. I felt his erection against my ass. I lifted my hips. He changed position slightly and began to ease inside me. The sensation was incredible. I was so excited; I could barely contain it. I could feel his breath on my neck as he panted and thrust. He was moving his hips against me and I loved it. It was so carnal and hot. The feelings intensified and I dug my nails into the soft dirt. 
Movement in the wood in front of us caught my attention, but he didn’t seem to notice. Someone was watching us. My eyes locked with Audrey’s; she was in wolf form and she was watching us. I smiled, I didn’t care because I won, and this was my victory … he was my victory. I cried out in excitement as I closed my eyes and let the pleasure course through me. He stifled moans, then he cried out and released. I loved how he felt when he let go inside me. He thrust against me until he couldn’t move anymore. I looked back where I had seen Audrey … she was gone. 
He rolled off me, so he was looking up at the stars. “That was incredible.” 
I smiled. “Was it worth you not beating Danny within an inch of his life?” I asked dryly. 
He smiled. “Oh yes, definitely worth that.” 
I laid across his chest and listened to him breathe. I felt so good just being near him, but the lingering fear that this was just for tonight and he would be back to his old ways tomorrow was still there. 
After a few minutes, he moved, so he was looking down at me. “You are going to have to apologize to Audrey.” He sounded apprehensive as he spoke. He obviously knew I wasn’t going to be okay with doing that. 
I pulled away from him. “Have you lost your fucking mind?”  
His expression darkened. “Kylie despite our relationship, Audrey is still the head female, and you disrespected her by stepping in.” 
I stood and glared down at him. “She was cheating, and I will not apologize for stopping her.” 
He stood up and it was his turn to glare at me. “We don’t cheat. We are the masters of this pack. If we do something, it’s because we think it is the right thing for the pack.” 
I scoffed. “You mean it’s because you’re jealous. That is why you started a fight with Danny, and that is why Audrey went after Danny. You put yourselves on some pedestal, but you are both just like the rest of us!” I turned to leave, but he caught me by my wrist stopping me. I glared at him ready to fight. 
“You will do as you’re told, Kylie, or you will be banned from the pack.” His tone was soft, even though he was basically threatening me.  
I jerked my arm out of his grasp. “Then ban me,” I hissed. I walked into the woods away from him. He didn’t make a move to follow. I was glad he didn’t. I was furious. I couldn’t even see straight. He did whatever he wanted, and he never considered how I felt. Maybe I was better off being banned from the pack.  
I went home since I had nowhere else to go. I was naked and I was still angry with Dominic. Every time I thought Dominic and I were getting closer, he did something stupid; like demand I apologize to Audrey.  
I hurried upstairs to my room and showered. When I was done, I walked back out to my bedroom. It wasn’t that late, but I had nowhere else to go so I figured I would get ready for bed. I sat down on my bed and the doorbell rang. I groaned and hurried downstairs. I was surprised to see it was Marie. “Hey, Marie.” 
“Hey, Kylie. I have been sent to retrieve you. We have some wolves that have come in from another pack. Many of them need healers, and Maggie needs help.” She looked a little nervous like she wasn’t sure how I would react. 
I didn’t mind going if Maggie was the one calling me. “Tell Maggie I will be there soon. I just have to change.” 
She nodded and hurried off. I went back up to my room and changed into jeans and a tank top. I cut through the woods to get to Maggie’s house. I could hear all the commotion before I even saw the house. There was over thirty people milling around outside alone.  
I approached and Maggie spotted me. Relief crossed her face. “Thank heavens. I’m being overrun. There are three women inside in labor. They are already set up in the rooms. 
Marie will assist you. If you handle them, I can deal with the injuries out here.” 
“What happened?” I asked looking around at the chaos. 
“Several members separated from a rival pack. Let’s just say the pack master didn’t take kindly to it. He never does. They are all seeking shelter.” She sounded flustered, but I knew she was just busy.  
I looked at her confused. “This has happened before?”  
“Yes, Brayden has a large pack and when he gets into a mood, this happens,” she said dryly. “Now run along you have work to do. It is going to be a long couple of days.” 
I nodded and walked into the even more chaotic house. 

After the birth of three babies, back to back, I was worn out. I was tired of screaming and loud noises. I walked to the kitchen because it was the only place that wasn’t packed with people. I leaned on the counter and closed my eyes. I was trying to relax, but I could still hear the din of the noise outside the kitchen. A noise caught my attention and I opened my eyes. A man had come in the kitchen. He was handsome in a plain kind of way. 
He watched at me nervously. “I didn’t mean to interrupt you. I was just trying to get some water.” I noticed his shirt was soaked in blood and he was dirty. He looked pale, and I was guessing he was injured. 
I moved toward him. “You’re fine have you been seen yet?” 
He shook his head. “I want Maggie to help the others first.” 
I smiled, trying to ease some of his nervousness. “I can tend to you. The three babies I was supposed to deliver have all arrived.” 
His expression brightened. “Are they all okay?” 
I nodded. “They are all fine. Here sit down,” I ordered as I pointed out a chair. 
He sat down and looked at me. “My name is Malcom, what’s yours?” 
I smiled as I helped him get his shirt off. “Kylie.” He winced as I examined the cut on his chest. It didn’t look like it was healing at all.  
“Why isn’t it healing?” I asked looking it over. 
He winced as I examined it. “It was a silver knife.” 
“Oh.” I reached for a rag to clean it. I would have to stitch it by hand. I had practiced on dolls. It didn’t seem like it would be too hard. He winced as I cleaned it, and then I walked over to a drawer to get a needle and some thread.  
“If you don’t mind me asking is that nose stud real?” He was watching me nervously like he thought I was going to yell at him. 
I smiled. “It is, I have this too.” I showed him the tongue ring.  
He looked shocked. “I have seen alphas with silver like that, but never young wolves like you.” 
“It doesn’t bother me. I have a tattoo as well.” I began to stitch his chest up.  
He watched me curiously. “You must be strong.” 
I focused on the job at hand. He seemed sweet, but I didn’t need any more attention from males. He looked past me after a minute, and I knew Dominic was behind me. I caught his scent as soon as he walked in the room. 
“Have you heard anything?” Malcom asked sounding hopeful. 
Dominic cleared his throat. “Brayden has her. He has promised not to hurt her or the baby, but he is demanding everyone return. I told him I would discuss it with you and get back to him tonight.”  
I could feel him watching me, but I refused to look at him. 
“Ally would want me to keep everyone else safe.” Malcom sounded pained, and it made my chest ache for him. I was guessing Malcom was the leader of the uprising, and Ally was his mate. Brayden, whoever he was, had her. I put a salve over the stitches, then a bandage. 
“We will keep trying to negotiate with him. I have dealt with him before and he’s difficult.” Dominic sounded like he was trying to reassure Malcom. 
“All done.” I smiled. “They are giving clothes out in the front room. I would go get a clean shirt.” I walked over to the sink to wash my hands. 
“Thanks, Kylie. Dominic, just do what you can.” Malcom walked out leaving Dominic and me alone. 
Dominic broke the silence. “I know you’re angry, but I still expect you to apologize to Audrey.” 
“Well, you expect too much,” I countered. 
Maggie came in the room and she looked flustered. “Kylie go home and get some rest but be back at dark, so I can get some sleep,” she ordered. She sounded grumpy so I didn’t argue. She muttered something and hurried back out carrying an armful of supplies. 
I went to leave through the back door, but Dominic blocked me. “Kylie, Audrey is out front. Now would be a good time. You embarrassed her in front of her pack.” 
“You might as well ban me if that’s what you have to do because at this point, I would rather never step foot in this place again then apologize to her.” I pushed past him. I was back to being furious. I stomped through the woods trying to get rid of some of my anger.  
I stopped after a few minutes and decided to shift. It was around noon and no one would be out this time of day. I stripped out of my clothes, then closed my eyes as the sunlight warmed my bare skin. 
“I have to say I am completely in awe,” a male voice said from behind me. He had a European accent and it wasn’t a voice I recognized. I spun around to face him. I was startled by his sudden appearance. I didn’t even hear him approach. He was tall and lean. He had short brownish blond hair and gray eyes. He was completely naked, and he looked good. He had various tattoos. I was guessing they were real like mine. 
“Who the hell are you?” I was a little annoyed by his intrusion, and I wanted to make sure he knew it. 
He laughed. “Brayden, I’m sure you’ve heard of me.” 
I was a little startled, but I refused to show it. “You hurt all those people?” My angry tone gave away what I was feeling.  
“They are members of my pack, and they are being disobedient,” he countered. 
“Why are you in Dominic’s territory?” I didn’t want to get into the details of pack law with him. 
He shrugged as he approached me slowly. “No reason, just scouting. Seeing what I’m up against. His eyes scoured my body and I suddenly wished I wasn’t naked. “Beautiful tattoo did you do it yourself?” 
“No.” I didn’t go into any more detail than necessary.  
He stopped right in front of me. I wanted to run, but I was frozen in place. Something about him intrigued me. He was gorgeous, yes, but he had power and I could feel it. He reached out and touched the petals near my hip. He closed his eyes and smiled. “It is real. My, my … what a surprise.” He opened his eyes again and his expression made my heart race. “I bet when a male makes love to you, he gets quite a shock. I can imagine you only make love to a male strong enough to withstand the pain… males like Dominic.”
He flicked my belly button ring. I caught my breath as my body surged. I pushed the feeling away and regained my composure. “You have Malcom’s mate, Ally. I want her back.” I really didn’t know where the demand had come from, but I made it anyway. 
He smiled. “Last I checked that weakling Audrey was the head female … not you. Which means you are in no position to make demands of me, love.” 
“I’m not your love, and I can demand whatever I want;” I countered. 
He smiled. “Oh, I like you. I’m sure Dominic likes you too. Has he made you howl at the moon yet, little wolf?” 
I pressed my body to his. His smile widened. “Prove you aren’t the monster everyone says. Bring me Ally and maybe I’ll let you make me howl at the moon,” I whispered seductively. I walked away from him, back toward the way I was originally going.  
“Tonight, midnight … meet me outside of town on the bridge, and I will bring her to you,” he called after me. 
I turned and looked at him hesitantly. He wanted me to meet him away from the safety of the town. I wasn’t sure if I liked the idea. I would have to get Danny and Marie to come with me. They were the only two I trusted not to go to Dominic. “I want to bring two friends with me.”
He smiled. “Bring who you like love, my intentions are pure.”
I knew he had nothing to gain by hurting me unless he thought it would get to Dominic. If he just wanted to hurt me, he could do that now with no problem. “I’m going to hold you to that.” 
His eyes brightened. “You can hold me to whatever you want, love.” 
“I’m not your love,” I countered, then I shifted and ran toward home.

Chapter 10
I returned to Maggie’s at dark. My impending meeting with Brayden was weighing on me. I hoped he would do what he agreed. The thought of what he wanted in return was at the back of my mind. He was very clear about his interest in me sexually.  
I stood near the sink in the kitchen. I was cleaning up after going around and checking on everyone. 
“Kylie.” Danny’s voice startled me out of my thoughts. Marie followed him in the kitchen. They were both looking at me expectantly. It was a little after ten, and I asked them to meet me. 
“Hey guys, thanks for coming. I need some help, but it has to stay between us.” I checked the hall to make sure no one was listening. 
Danny grinned. “I’m in. I don’t care what it is.”  
Marie looked a little more hesitant as she looked at Danny. “You should find out what it is first. She could be asking us to do a suicide pact or something.” 
I glanced from him to Marie. I was hoping it wasn’t a suicide mission. “I’m meeting Brayden tonight, and I need backup.” 
Danny’s eyes widened, but he didn’t speak. 
 “What!” Marie squeaked. “Are you insane?” 
“Shhh, I’m not insane. I talked to him earlier today and he agreed to give me Ally. He’s going to meet me outside town to turn her over,” I whispered as I peeked back down the hall to make sure no one was coming. 
Marie crossed her arms and glared at me. “I told you … suicide.” 
“Kylie, Marie is right. Brayden can easily kill all three of us.” Danny sounded worried. 
“He didn’t kill me earlier, so I doubt he will kill me tonight. I told him I was bringing friends, and he didn’t care. I think he’s really going to cooperate.” I looked from Marie to Danny. 
“Whoa he was in Luna?” Danny asked annoyed. 
Marie was watching me intently. “He wants something. What did he ask for?” She was smart and she knew how the alpha males worked better than I did. 
“He was here scouting not far from here. I ran into him on my way home. I didn’t even know who he was at first. He didn’t ask for anything in particular.” 
“Kylie, you have to know he wants something.” Marie sounded hesitant as she spoke. 
I nodded. “I agree he does, but I will worry about that later. Right now, I would like to get Ally back.” Marie looked at Danny. Danny looked like he was caught between wanting to help me, and his own fear of Brayden. “Look, I don’t want to pressure you. I can go alone. It would just be safer if I had more people with me.” 
Danny groaned. “Damn, I’ll do it.” 
Marie sighed. “Me too, but when Dominic finds out, you take the punishment.” 
I nodded and smiled. “I will handle Dominic. We have to leave around eleven thirty. I will meet you two up the road, once I can get away.” 
They agreed and left me to make plans. Dominic was going to be a problem once he found out. I was going to have to tell Maggie what was going on, so she wouldn’t be caught off guard. 
I hurried up the stairs to Maggie’s bedroom. I knocked gently and Maggie opened the door. She was in a robe, but she didn’t look like she was asleep. “Is something wrong?”
I shook my head. “I’m going somewhere around midnight. I just wanted to let you know, but please don’t tell Dominic anything.” 
She looked at me for a minute like she was trying to decide what to say. “I have a feeling you’re going to do something incredibly stupid, but I trust you. If you need me just call.” 
Relief washed over me. She wasn’t going to be difficult. I knew deep down she wouldn’t be, but it was nice to be proved right every once in a while. “Thank you, Maggie.” I hugged her. 
She sighed. “Just be careful and trust your judgment.” 
I nodded and hurried downstairs. I was going to bring supplies just in case. 

The three of us sat on the bridge outside of town. We were in Danny’s truck and the tension was so thick it could be cut with a knife. Danny was gripping the steering wheel. I could see the tension in his jaw. Marie was sitting in the back seat waiting nervously. I was nervous too even though I tried to hide it. 
Headlights appeared down the road in front of us. A large black SUV pulled up not far from us. “Stay behind me and don’t instigate anyone,” I ordered as I climbed out. 
I walked to the front of the truck as Brayden got out of the driver’s seat. He walked around the front of the truck. He was dressed in tight fitting jeans, and a leather jacket. He looked the part and I hated to admit it, but he looked good. “I didn’t think you would show up, love. I suppose my judge of character is a little off these days.” 
“Where is she?” I asked brushing off his comment. I was surprised I sounded braver than I felt. 
He waved his hand. “Patience darling, I’m attempting to be pleasant.” 
Three other males got out of the SUV. One of them was leading a woman with curly bright red hair. She looked disgruntled, but unharmed. They released the woman and she hurried over to us. Marie helped her into the backseat of the truck. 
Danny started backing away. “Let’s get out of here, Kylie.” 
I nodded. “Go, I’ll be right behind you.”  
Danny hesitated, and I looked at him. He backed away and climbed in the front seat of the truck.  
Brayden smiled. “I find it amusing that such a young woman shows no fear. You really must be something special.” 
I relaxed a little. “I’m not special, I’m just not afraid. Thank you for keeping your end.” 
He smiled and moved closer to me. “Normally, I wouldn’t be so accommodating, but who could deny a face like this,” he whispered as he brushed his fingertips down my cheek. 
“A lot of people. I have to go.” I went to move away, but he caught my arm. 
“Before you do, may I?” He produced a silver necklace. It had a solid ruby heart encased in silver. He wanted to put it on me. I wasn’t sure if I should accept, but I didn’t want to anger him. 
“This isn’t necessary, but if you insist.” I turned and moved my hair aside. He put the necklace on me, then traced a spot on my shoulder.  
“Perfect … just as I thought,” he whispered. I stiffened as he pulled me against him.  
Danny went to get out. I shook my head, and Danny hesitated. “I will put this little I owe you away for now, but you do owe me, love, and I will collect eventually.” 
I felt my cheeks redden and my pulse race. “I never thought any less.” 
He laughed softly and nuzzled my neck. “Go tend to your baby wolves. They are getting antsy.” He released me and walked back to his car. 
I felt like I could breathe again. I hurried back to the truck and climbed in the passenger seat. 
“What the hell was that?” Danny asked horrified. “He was all over you. No wonder he gave her up so easy!” 
“I know … just forget it, and let’s go.” I was trying not to think about it. 
“My water broke,” a small voice from the back seat squeaked. 
Marie looked at me. “Uh oh.” 
I looked at Ally and I could see the fear in her eyes. “It’s okay, I will help you. Marie switch with me. Danny drive like hell to Maggie’s,” I ordered as I climbed out and switched with Marie. 
Ally was crying and clutching her belly. I had her lay across the back seat while Danny sped down the road. We were probably fifteen minutes from Maggie, and by the looks of things the baby would be here by then.  
“Marie hold this blanket. You may have to hold the baby.” I checked her. The baby was already crowning.  
Ally cried out. “I want my husband!” 
“I know, but he isn’t here so you have to focus on the baby. Marie is going to call Maggie and make sure Malcom is waiting for you.” I was trying to sooth her. 
I looked at Marie and she looked at me wide eyed. “Oh!” She snapped out of it and pulled her phone out. 
Ally screamed and pushed. Within minutes, I had a baby boy in my hands. I clamped and cut his cord and handed him to Marie. “Oh, what do I do?” Marie asked startled, as I handed her the wailing baby. 
“Okay Ally, it’s over.” I was trying to sooth her. 
She looked relieved for a minute, then she cried out. “There’s something wrong!” She grasped her belly. 
“What? What is it?” Danny asked worried. 
I checked her and there was a little foot. “Damn!” I muttered. 
“What?” Ally asked terrified. 
“There’s another baby.” It was backwards. I had no clue what to do.  
“Should I push?” she asked confused. 
“No, it’s backwards. We have to wait until we get to Maggie’s.” I tried to smile reassuringly. 
She started crying and clutching her belly. “Hurry, Danny,” Marie growled. 
“Almost there,” Danny said quickly. “Uh oh Dominic doesn’t look happy.” Danny pulled up to Maggie’s house. 
“I don’t care just get around here and get her in the house,” I snapped as I climbed out of the truck.  
“Where is she?” Malcom asked looking worried as he rushed over to me. 
“In the truck, Danny is getting her out.” I looked around trying to find Maggie. 
Malcom rushed over to Danny. 
Maggie came rushing up to me. “Tell me.” She obviously sensed something was wrong. 
“She had one, but the other is coming out feet first. I think it’s stuck.” I was trying to be quiet to avoid scaring anyone. 
“Oh boy, let’s hurry. I’ll need your help, so stay close.” She followed Danny and Malcom into the house. 
I followed Maggie, and Marie followed me carrying the screaming healthy baby. I caught Dominic’s gaze but quickly looked away. He was angry, and I didn’t have time to deal with him. 
I knew he had questions and I hadn’t decided what answers I wanted to give him. I wanted to focus on Ally and the stuck baby. 
I followed Maggie in the room, and she examined Alley. She gave me a list of things she would need, and I hurried to the kitchen. I got everything and went back in the room.  
Maggie gave Alley something and it knocked her out cold. 
Malcom looked terrified. “What are you doing?”  
“We have to cut the baby out. If we don’t, he or she may die. You need to leave until we are done,” Maggie ordered ushering him out. 
He didn’t look like he wanted to leave. “She will be fine, I promise.” I kept my tone light as I showed him out, so Maggie could get back to Ally. “Go stay with your other baby, he is in the other room with Marie.” 
He looked at me terrified. “Please don’t let anything happen to her.” 
I smiled reassuringly. “Believe me, she will be fine.” 
“Come on, Malcom, let’s go look at this boy of yours.” Dominic slapped him on the back and led him to the other room. 
I turned back to Maggie. “Is Ally and the baby going to be okay?” I watched her prepare to cut Ally open. 
“Yes, I think so. Our babies are resilient, and Ally will heal. I’m going to get the baby out and you take the baby to Malcom, so he feels a little better.” She sounded pretty positive considering the situation. 
I nodded and assisted Maggie while she removed the baby. It only took about ten minutes, once she was able to operate. She handed me the screaming baby girl, and I wrapped her in a blanket. I took her out of the room while Maggie stitched Ally up. 
I walked into the room with the baby. A look of relief came over Malcom’s face as he took her from me. “How is Ally?”  
I smiled. “She’s fine. Maggie is finishing up, then I’m sure you will be allowed back in.” 
Dominic moved up behind me. “We need to talk.” I didn’t even hear him approach.  
“Later.” I brushed him off. I walked out and went back to Ally’s room to make sure Maggie didn’t need anything else. I was also avoiding Dominic. I had no clue what I was going to say. 
Maggie looked up at me when I walked back into the room. “You should go upstairs and shower. There are some clean clothes that I am sure will fit you.” She was putting supplies away, so I was guessing it was over.  
I nodded. “On my way out should I let Malcom know he can come see her?” 
She nodded, then she glanced up at me. “You did a brave thing, Kylie. I’m sure if Ally was in Brayden’s care, her and the baby would have died.” 
I sighed. “I don’t think Dominic sees it that way.” 
She smiled. “Dominic will get over it. Go clean up, I’ll get Malcom.” 
I smiled. “Thanks, Maggie.” I slipped out of the room. I hurried up the stairs and went to one of the spare rooms. I found a pair of jeans and a shirt that would fit me, then I went into the bathroom and took a shower. 
When I walked back out into the room Dominic was waiting. I couldn’t say I was surprised. I knew he would catch up with me eventually. He was watching me, but he wasn’t speaking which was annoying. 
“Just say whatever it is you’re going to say,” I kept my eyes on him as I dried my hair. 
“There are no words for how angry I am, Kylie. At this point, I don’t know what to do with you.” The anger in his tone made me want to wince, but I managed not to. 
I rolled my eyes. “I had an opportunity to get Ally back, so I did.” 
He narrowed his eyes at me. “You brought two of my wolves along with you on a possible suicide mission, and how is it you came to talk to Brayden in the first place? I’m a little foggy on that part. Marie and Danny act like they just followed you blindly.” 
I didn’t look at him. “They did. Marie and Danny had nothing to do with anything.”  
He took a threatening step forward. “I think you’re lying.” 
I scoffed. “Your pack follows you blindly. Why is it so hard to believe?”  
“I believe Danny did. He’s had a hard on for you since the day he saw you. Marie on the other hand is smarter. She doesn’t do things half assed like you,” he snapped. 
I glared at him. I was tired of him acting like I was an idiot. “Look, punish me, ban me, do whatever. I don’t care. Danny and Marie had no part in this. They were just being good friends.” I was tired of talking to him, so I walked out of the room and of course he followed. 
“What did Brayden say? How did you meet him? What did you give him? I need to know these things Kylie.” He was close on my heels as I went down the stairs. If I stopped, he would’ve run into me. 
“I don’t want to fight, Dominic. I didn’t give him anything,” I said tiredly as I walked into the kitchen. 
Dominic scoffed. “Whatever, Brayden does nothing for free.” 
“He does if he likes someone enough,” a woman said as she walked into the kitchen. She was tall and blond. She had this supermodel look about her, and I immediately didn’t like her. 
I scowled. “Who the hell are you?” 
She smiled. “Shelia, I came to this pack with the others. I was in Brayden’s pack for years. I know how he works.” 
“Did he say he liked you, Kylie?” Dominic didn’t even attempt to hide his anger. 
“I don’t have time for this,” I muttered as I went to the counter and started organizing herbs.  
Shelia cut in. “A word of advice, Kylie … don’t let him in. He does nothing but makes you believe he wants you, then he takes joy in tearing you apart.”  
“Funny, that seems to be a thing with pack masters.” I made a point to glare at Dominic as I spoke. 
His expression darkened. He looked like he was going to respond, but Maggie came in. “I take it you’re thanking Kylie for getting Ally back safely?”
Dominic stiffened. “She was arrogant to go and meet Brayden on her own.” 
“I wasn’t on my own,” I muttered. 
Dominic scoffed. “You would’ve been safer alone. Danny and Marie are liabilities.” 
Maggie gave him a stern look. “I think the point is that it’s over and everyone is safe. You should let it go and move on.” 
Dominic looked at me with his arms crossed like he was trying to decide what he wanted to do. 
“Where did you get that necklace?” Shelia asked. Her voice was barely a whisper and her eyes were on the ruby necklace. It had fallen out of my shirt while I was working. I didn’t want to take it off and lose it, so I stuffed it in my shirt out of sight. 
“Nowhere,” I muttered and put it back in my shirt. “I’m going to check on Ally.” I walked out of the kitchen. She obviously recognized the necklace. I didn’t want to be in the room when she told Dominic. I kind of wanted to know why she recognized the necklace. I pushed the thought away. I didn’t want to care about any of it. 
Ally was groggy but happy. The babies were healthy, and Malcom looked less stressed out. I slipped out of the room and cussed when Dominic pinned me to the door. He was furious, and I knew why. 
“You accepted a gift from him?” His voice was a low angry whisper.  
“What else was I supposed to do? I wasn’t in a position to piss him off,” I countered. 
“Why are you still wearing it?” he snapped. 
I looked at him for a minute. I was so angry I could barely focus. “Why does it matter? Why do you even care? All you talk about is how I’m too young, and now you want to ban me because I won’t apologize to your precious Audrey. Which is it? Do you care or not?” 
His expression darkened. “Of course I care. I care about your safety and the safety of this pack. Accepting gifts from Brayden is not high on the list of safe moves.” 
I watched him for a minute. He was saying he wanted me safe and he thought of me like he did the others. I wasn’t special. I was just another member of his pack. I shook my head tiredly and looked away. “Neither is falling in love with an arrogant pack master.” I pushed past him. I hurried down the stairs and out the front door. The cool mountain air made me feel a little better. I was ready to go home. I started to run. I ran as fast as I could through the woods. 
Everything that had happened was a burden on me. I felt so free as I ran. I didn’t stop until I made it into the foyer of my father’s house. I felt a little better as I ran up the stairs to my bedroom. 

Chapter 11
His hands cupped my breasts, as his mouth trialed kisses down my neck and back. I couldn’t see him, but I could feel him. His hard cock slid inside me from behind, and I pushed against him. His hands moved down to my hips. He thrust, touching every tender spot inside me. He felt so good as he moved against me. I cried out in ecstasy as pleasure crashed over me. He pulled out of me. I turned to kiss him. Brayden smiled at me; then pressed his lips to mine. 
I woke up with a start. I had fallen off the bed. I was panting and my body was on fire. I cussed and stood up. I had a sex dream about Brayden. I groaned and flopped down on my bed face down. My life couldn’t get any more complicated. I jumped when someone knocked on my door. I went to the door and opened it.  
It was my father. He looked around me. “I heard a noise.” He sounded suspicious.  
“I fell off the bed.” I decided not to include the reason why I fell off the bed. I walked back to my bed, then I sat down and looked at him. 
He watched me curiously. “Are you okay?”  
I nodded. “Just great. I’m going to get dressed and go to Maggie’s.” 
He crossed his arms as he leaned against the doorjamb. “It’s only around two. Why don’t you get some more sleep?” 
I sighed. “I don’t think it will work for me. I might as well get up.” 
He nodded. “Get me if you need me.” He walked out and shut my door behind him. 
I showered. I couldn’t take my mind off Brayden. I got out and looked at myself in the mirror. The necklace caught my eye. I examined it. I wondered how Shelia knew about it.  
“It was my grandmother’s,” Brayden said from behind me. 
I spun around to face him. I didn’t even hear him come in my room. I didn’t even know how he got in my room. “How did you get in my room?” 
He smiled. “I have my ways, love. You didn’t pass through around noon, so I decided to check on you.” 
I was a little startled. “You were waiting for me?”  
He moved closer to me. “Of course, love. I wanted to see how well bringing Malcom his precious Ally went.”  
My breath caught as he traced the line of the towel over my breasts. “You shouldn’t be here … my dad is downstairs.” I was trying to remain calm. 
He closed the space between us and kissed my neck. “Your dad is fucking that whore Shelia. I doubt he will even be paying attention to anything else.” 
“How do you know her?” I asked slightly annoyed, as he continued to kiss my neck. I tried to distract myself by talking. Shelia warned me about him, and she recognized the necklace. 
“I used to fuck her. Why?” He said it like it was no big deal. 
I hated that I was actually jealous. I pushed him off me and walked out of the bathroom. “You should go before we both get in trouble.” 
He smiled as he followed me out. “Are you jealous? Because I’m sensing a slight tone.” 
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” I muttered. 
“You have nothing to be jealous over. She was a quick lay. A dumb girl that I fucked for the hell of it. You … you’re special.” His tone was low and soft. 
I looked at him confused, then I shook my head. “I have to get dressed, and you can’t stay here.” 
He continued to watch me. “Meet me tomorrow, around noon, in the clearing.” 
Part of me wanted to protest. The other part wanted to meet him. “I’ll think about it.” 
He smiled. “I’ll see you tomorrow, love.” He opened my door to leave. 
I rolled my eyes. “I’m not your love.”  
He just smiled and shut the door behind him. 
I groaned and attempted to get dressed without thinking about Brayden naked. 

I was glad Maggie’s house was less chaotic. Many of the pack members had taken some of the newcomers in. The injured were the only ones that remained at Maggie’s house. I walked through the back door and hesitated when the first person I saw was Dominic. He straightened like he had been waiting for me. 
“We need to talk,” Dominic said firmly. 
I sighed. “Why won’t you just let this go?” 
He raised his hands like he wasn’t going to argue. “This isn’t about Brayden … this is about us. I don’t think we should see each other anymore.” 
I scoffed. “You mean we shouldn’t have sex at random because I wouldn’t call what we do seeing each other.” 
He watched me as I put the pot on to make tea. “Audrey is a good leader, and I’m going to try to make it work with her. She isn’t selfish or arrogant. You and I do nothing but fight unless we are having sex.” 
I wasn’t looking at him, and I was glad because his words hurt. I didn’t understand how I let my feelings for him get so far. He was an ass that made it clear he didn’t want anything from me other than sex. “Good luck with that.” 
He didn’t speak immediately. “That’s it? You tell me you love me earlier and now you tell me good luck?” He sounded offended. 
I glared at him. “What do you want? Do you want to hurt me? Do you want me to cry over you?” 
He shifted nervously under my angry gaze. “I don’t know. I just expected more of a reaction.” 
“I have things to do. Do whatever you think is right.” I walked past him and went back to the spare room to make sure everything was clean. He, of course, followed me. He never just let anything go. 
He caught me by my hand and pulled me to him. He pressed his lips to mine. He kissed me aggressively. I wanted to pull away, but he wouldn’t let me. We stumbled to the bed. He pushed me down onto the bed. He was over me kissing me hungrily. His tongue touched mine as he pushed my dress up. He tore my panties off, then quickly undid his pants. He filled me with his hard cock in one swift move. I moaned in ecstasy. He wasn’t giving me any time to think about anything. He moved against me barely giving me room to breathe. I moaned trying to remain quiet. I didn’t want to get caught, but it was difficult to stay quiet with him moving against me. I writhed under him as pleasure rolled over me. I dug my nails into his back as my body released. He groaned and I felt him release. 
“Dominic…” I moaned annoyed. 
“No, don’t say anything. This is it.” He stood and buttoned his pants. “No more. We have to remain platonic from now on. I promised Audrey I would at least try.”  
I didn’t speak. I had nothing to say. He looked at me for a minute, then he turned and walked out. I groaned and closed my eyes. He was always making things so much more complicated. He couldn’t just break up with me and leave. 

I stood in the kitchen and tried to focus on mixing the herbs like Maggie wanted. Marie came in the kitchen. “Hey, Kylie, what’s up?”  
I shrugged. “Nothing much, just sorting these stupid herbs.” 
She took a seat across from me. “Oh, you sound upset. Do you want to talk?” 
I shook my head. “No, it’s pointless.” 
“Well if you want to talk, I’m here.” She sounded so chipper … it was slightly annoying. 
I nodded. “Thanks.” She shifted nervously as she watched me like she wanted to ask me something. “Do you have something to say?” 
She smiled weakly. “I wanted to ask you about Danny. I wanted to know if you were seeing him.” 
I shook my head. “We are just friends. Other than you, he is the only friend I have here.” 
“Do you think it would be weird if I asked him out? I mean I don’t want to seem desperate because I’m not…” She kept mumbling on, and it was kind of funny. I could tell she really liked him. 
“Marie just ask him,” I said cutting her off. “He doesn’t ask anyone out because he thinks every girl sees him as weak.” 
“Oh.” She looked like she never considered that a possibility.  
Danny walked in the kitchen grinning like usual. “Hey guys, starting any trouble tonight?” Looking at him made me kind of wish I was into him like Marie was. I probably wouldn’t feel as horrible as I did now; all because of Dominic. 
“Not tonight. I have some things to check on.” I glanced at Marie. She blushed a little. I walked out giving them some privacy. Hopefully, she would take the hint and ask him out. 
Maggie was out for the night at the council meeting, which was apparently separate from the pack meeting I attended. Only the higher-ups could attend the council meeting. I went through every room restocking and trying to keep myself busy. 
After about an hour, I walked back down to the kitchen. Marie and Danny were gone. I was kind of glad, I was hoping they would at least be happy. 
There was a knock on the back door, and I looked up. There was a guy I didn’t recognize looking in at me. I opened the door and he looked at me nervously. “Are you Kylie?” 
“That’s her.” I recognized Brayden’s voice. He was being supported by another male wolf and he was injured. His side was bloody. I couldn’t help but feel a slight bit of panic. 
I went to him. “What happened?” 
“Run in with a hunter, love.” He was trying to sound amused, but I could hear the pain in his voice. 
I knew he wasn’t supposed to be here, but I couldn’t turn him away. “Bring him in here.” 
The wolf supporting him brought him into the kitchen. I gathered supplies. “We are going upstairs. If anyone sees him here it will be my ass.”  
Brayden grinned. “Wouldn’t want that, there would be less for me.” 
I rolled my eyes. “You’re injured and you still don’t stop.” 
“It’s not my style, love.” I could hear the pain in his voice. 
They followed me upstairs to one of the spare bedrooms. “Lay him on the bed.” I lay my supplies on the dresser. 
“Already trying to get me in bed, love,” Brayden teased, then winced as they laid him down. 
I rolled my eyes. “You really are ridiculous.” I peeled his blood-soaked shirt up.  
“You two get lost. Alert the pack about the hunter. Come back in a few hours, make sure you aren’t seen,” he ordered. He sounded so cruel when he was giving orders. The two wolves hurried out. I pressed my lips together to keep from commenting. The injury consisted of several angry red holes. It looked like a shotgun blast. He sighed. “What?”  
I looked at him confused. “What?” I asked innocently. 
He smiled. “I’m not an idiot. I can see you wanted to say something. Say it.” He was smiling, but he sounded slightly angry. 
“I did not,” I countered and went back to cleaning his wound. 
He caught my wrist. I looked at him annoyed. He matched my expression. “I don’t appreciate the snide looks especially in front of my wolves.” 
“I’m not one of your wolves you can’t tell me what to do.” I pushed on his wound.  
He cussed and released my wrist. I stood and walked to the dresser to get the tools I would need. I was going to have to dig the pellets out. 
He smiled. “You’re going to enjoy this, aren’t you?”  
I sat back down next to him. “Maybe a little.” I smiled. “Cooperate or I’ll tie you up.” 
“You’re making me not want to cooperate, love,” he said playfully. 
“I’m not your love,” I countered and began. 
He cussed as I dug for each silver pellet. “Please, darling could you perhaps do this faster?”  
I rolled my eyes. “I don’t have a ton of experience digging pellets out of people. You should have gone to a real healer,” I countered. I finally got the last one out and smiled. “There done.” 
He seemed to relax. I cleaned the area one more time, and then put a salve and gauze pad over it. He watched me smiling. “You like doing this, don’t you, love?” 
I glanced at him then shrugged. “It keeps me busy, and I’m okay at it … and I’m not your love.” I leaned over him to get the tape. He pulled me close to him. I caught my breath. I was only inches from his face.  
“Why do you fight so hard,” he whispered. 
“I’m not fighting anything,” I managed to keep my voice calm, despite the rush of excitement coursing through me. 
His eyes went to my mouth, as he ran his thumb over my lower lip. He wanted to kiss me. I hated to admit it, but I wanted him to kiss me. I felt bad because I kept thinking about Dominic, then I thought about how he just walked away from me so he could be with Audrey. According to him, we were no longer seeing each other at all, so this technically wasn’t wrong. It didn’t feel wrong. 
I leaned into him. He smiled, then pressed his lips to mine aggressively. His tongue touched mine. I felt my body come to life. He quickly rolled pinning me to the bed below him. His kisses were aggressive and needy. His hands were all over me. The sensations running through me were incredible. I felt his hunger for me, and it was driving me insane. His mouth kept me distracted as he undid his pants. He pushed my dress up, then pushed his hard cock inside me. 
I sucked in air. The tingling sensations startled me. I looked at him wide eyed. He smiled as he pushed forward filling me even more. “What the hell is that?” My voice was higher pitched than normal. It felt like he had silver piercings in his cock, I could feel it. The sensations were overwhelming, but pleasurable. 
His smile widened. “You’re not the only one with fun piercings darling.” His mouth covered mine again. I moaned in ecstasy as he began to move against me. 
Part of me wanted to stop him but another part of me wanted it to never end. Every place the silver in his cock touched tingled with pleasure. It felt like the entire underside of his cock was covered in silver. I dug my nails in his back. He growled low in his throat. His lips moved to my neck, then the tops of my breasts. I relaxed and let the pleasure overwhelm me. I moaned and bucked against him. He groaned, then half cried, half howled as he released. 
It was over as quickly as it had begun, and it was amazing. I laid under him trying to catch my breath. I could feel him still inside me. He was in no hurry. He laid gentle kisses across my chest and neck. “I have a feeling you will be regretting this in the morning.” 
I scoffed. “I’m already regretting it.”  
He laughed as he withdrew his cock, making me gasp. He winced as he went to his knees and buttoned his pants. His bandage had blood spots where he was bleeding through.  
“You shouldn’t be moving so much.” I went to adjust his bandage.  
He caught my hands to keep me from messing with it. “I had fun love, but I’m fine, and I need to get out of here.” 
I scowled. “So that’s it, you get what you want, then you leave?”  
He smiled. “Did you expect any less of me, love?” 
I climbed off the bed. “I’m not your love.” 
“Of course not. I’ll see you next time, love.” He ducked out of the room as I chucked the roll of gauze at his head. He was annoying the hell out of me.  
I sighed and sat back down on the bed. I was back to thinking about Dominic and second guessing what I did with Brayden. I was beginning to wish I had fought harder to stay away from Luna. Everything had gotten so complicated so quickly. 

	Chapter 12
I was being shaken awake. Maggie was looking down at me. “Get up girl, we’ve got work to do.” 
I could tell by the tone of her voice something was wrong. “What’s going on?” I asked groggily as I climbed out of the bed. 
“Dominic brought a younger wolf in. He was injured in a fight with another wolf. He’s injured pretty badly. She rushed around and collected the supplies I had been using earlier. 
“Did Dominic say how it happened?” I pinned my hair up and checked my reflection in the mirror. 
“He’s downstairs, you can ask him.” She hurried out before I could protest. 
I felt a knot form in my stomach. I didn’t want to see Dominic. A slight fear that he would be able to smell Brayden on me made my stomach turn. I took a deep breath and followed Maggie downstairs. It didn’t matter if he could tell, he dumped me. 
I followed Maggie into one of the rooms downstairs, and Dominic had a young wolf pinned to the bed. The wolf was screaming in agony. He had claw marks and what looked like stab wounds. His face was bloodied as well.  
“I will give him something,” Maggie said quickly as she began mixing herbs. “Kylie get ready to clean and dress his injuries.” 
I nodded. I could feel Dominic staring at me. I made it a point to avoid eye contact. I had bigger things to worry about. Once the guy on the bed was passed out, I started helping Maggie clean and dress his wounds.  
Maggie looked the wounds over. “Who did this?”  
Dominic shook his head. “Michael doesn’t remember, but whoever it was got a chest full of lead.” 
I felt my stomach twist. I focused on dressing the wound. I knew it was Brayden. I should have known better than to trust him. He attacked Michael. Brayden’s wounds were from Michael defending himself. I helped him, and then had sex with him. I felt like such an idiot. 
Maggie glanced at me. “Kylie, go to the kitchen and get more salve.” 
I nodded and hurried out. I walked quickly to the kitchen. I was furious and I could barely focus. I didn’t know why I expected any less from Brayden.  
“You moved on awful quick.” There was a hint of anger in Dominic’s voice. He was leaning against the door jamb. His voice startled me slightly. 
I glanced at him, then looked back at what I was doing. I didn’t want to fight, and I didn’t want to talk about Brayden. “You moved on before you broke up with me, and why do you even care?” I asked curtly. I was beginning to think he didn’t know I was with Brayden. I had a feeling he would be so much angrier if he did. 
“I don’t,” he muttered. I could tell by his tone he was lying, but I didn’t want to care. “Who is he? Is it Danny?” 
I looked at him not really sure what to say. I didn’t know why he was even asking. “Dominic, I don’t think discussing it would be a good idea.” I walked past him and hurried down the hall. 
“I don’t want it to be weird between us, Kylie. Maybe talking will make things a little better,” he argued as he followed me. 
I turned abruptly, and he almost ran into me. “Talking won’t do anything, but remind me of all my mistakes, and make everything hurt more. It’s less painful if it isn’t discussed.” I didn’t wait for him to reply, instead I walked back into the room. 
Maggie gave me a questioning look. I looked away quickly. I wasn’t in the mood to deal with any of this. I was relieved when Dominic stayed silent while Maggie and I worked to bandage Michael. Once we were finished, I walked back out to the kitchen to put things away. 
The back door opened, and Audrey came in. She looked at me nervously. I just glanced at her and looked away. “Hey, Kylie, is Dominic here?”  
I nodded. “Second door on the left.” She hurried out. I looked at the clock. I didn’t want to be here anymore. I needed to go home and get some rest. It would give me time to clear my head. It was already around nine in the morning, so I doubted Maggie would mind. 
I walked back to into the room. Dominic and Audrey were standing near Michael’s bed and they looked like they were talking. Maggie looked up at me and smiled. “Hey, Maggie, I’m going to get out of here.”
She nodded. “Okay, I will see you a little later.” 
“Okay. I may be here a little later tonight.” I made a special effort not to look at Dominic. I needed to go find out what happened to Michael and that meant going into Brayden’s territory. 
“Okay dear, if you need anything, just let me know.” Maggie sounded worried. 
I nodded. “Of course.” I hurried out of the room, back toward the kitchen. I made it outside when the sound of Dominic’s voice stopped me. 
“Kylie, wait.” He had followed me out. 
I sighed and turned to face him. “What do you want?” I asked tiredly. 
“I want you to talk to me. You’re acting weird, and you’re being evasive. I just need to know that you’re okay.” His tone softened as he spoke, like he thought being nice would get me to talk. 
“Look, I appreciate the support and everything, but I don’t need to talk. I just need to go home and go to bed,” I said impatiently. I turned to continue on my way. He caught me by my wrist. I glared at him but didn’t speak. 
“If you love me like you said, then you will stay away from Brayden. Find someone better, anyone.” His expression was dark, but I couldn’t tell if he was angry or not. 
“If you ever felt anything for me, let me go and stay out of my personal life,” I said angrily as I attempted to pull away. 
He pulled me closer to him. My breath caught. He was too close; I didn’t want him this close. When he was this close, I said and did stupid things. “Please, don’t push me away. I want to be in your life, but I can’t be your lover.” 
“Then you can’t be anything!” I said angrily. I pulled my wrist free. I ran into the woods. I ran as fast as I could. I didn’t want to think about him. I didn’t want to have feelings for him. 
I made it home and attempted to get some sleep. It seemed impossible. I tossed and turned trying to forget everything. Around three, I gave up and climbed out of bed. I showered and dressed, then I hurried downstairs. I hesitated when I saw Shelia standing in the kitchen wearing just my dad’s shirt. I was suddenly annoyed, but I kept myself from saying anything. 
“I didn’t realize you would be up so early,” she said sounding apologetic. 
“I’m leaving anyway, don’t worry about it,” I mumbled as I walked toward the back door. 
She hurried after me. “Kylie, wait. I wanted to talk to you about Brayden.” 
“What about him?” I asked tiredly. 
She sighed. “He’s really no good. He’s a troublemaker, and I would hate to see a girl like you get hurt.” 
I wanted to say something rude, but I bit my tongue to keep from speaking. “Thanks for the warning,” I muttered, then I hurried out the door. I needed to talk to Danny. I figured he might know where I could find Brayden’s hide out. 
I made it to the tattoo parlor in record time. It was early, but I knew Danny would be there. I walked into the place. Becky was standing at the counter next to her boyfriend. She glared at me, but I ignored her. I didn’t have time for her; I was on a mission. 
I walked back to Danny’s booth. I smiled when I saw he was making out with Marie. At least she took a chance, and it worked out. I cleared my throat, and they broke apart. 
Marie blushed bright red. “Kylie, what are you doing here?”  
I smiled. “I had a question for Danny.” 
Danny grinned. “I might have an answer.” 
“You’re not going to like this, but I need to know where Brayden stays.” I spoke quickly hoping he wouldn’t protest too hard. 
His expression darkened. “No, I’m not telling you.” 
I scowled. “Then I will find it myself. It would just be easier if you would tell me.” 
He crossed his arms and glared at me. “What is it with you and that guy? He’s a cruel to his pack, and he will be cruel to you if you give him enough time.” 
“It’s none of your business. You can either tell me or don’t; regardless I will find him,” I countered. 
“Danny just tell her; he hasn’t hurt her yet. Maybe he has changed,” Marie said gently. 
Danny scoffed. “He hasn’t changed. He’s just playing his normal game. He hangs out at a bar called the New Moon. It’s just outside Dominic’s territory. If you go past the welcome sign a few miles you will find it.” 
“Thank you, Danny,” I said relieved. “I’ll catch up with you both later. I walked back out toward the exit. I stopped when Becky stepped out in front of me.  
“Where are you going?” She spoke to me like she was in charge. 
“Wherever I want to, get out of my way.” I went to go around her, but she blocked me. I glared at her. “Becky, I’m not in the mood.” 
She scoffed and shoved me backwards into the counter. “I’m going to put you in your place now that your precious Dominic isn’t here to save you.” 
I straightened and looked at her. I really wasn’t in the mood to fight, but I could tell she wasn’t going to give me a choice. Her friends were gathering, which only encouraged her more. She lunged and I side stepped. I caught her across the jaw. She went backwards and landed sprawled out on the floor. She didn’t move. I had to admit … I was a little worried. 
“What the fuck, bitch!” her boyfriend growled. He shoved me backwards into the counter. 
Danny jumped in front of him and growled low in his throat. “Becky started it, Alan.” 
“Yeah, well I’m going to finish it,” Alan snapped trying to move around Danny. Danny refused to let him by, and he shoved Danny. Danny recoiled and punched him in the stomach. Alan stumbled back, then lunged forward. They went rolling across the floor snarling and growling. I was surprised to see Danny get the upper hand. He started punching Alan in the face. “Danny that’s enough!” Marie pulled Danny off Alan. “Kylie, go, so they calm down,” she ordered glaring at me. 
I felt a little bad about causing the whole thing, but I needed to go see Brayden, so I left like she ordered.  
I ran through the woods toward the Luna sign. I ran for miles enjoying the air and the scent of the woods. I stopped just inside Dominic’s borders. I surveyed the bar from the tree line. 
It was getting dark, and the bar was coming to life. It looked like there was a good deal of Brayden’s wolves around. Many of them were outside, I could imagine there were more inside. 
I took a deep breath and stepped out of the woods into Brayden’s territory. I approached the bar. I could feel the wolves watching me. As I got closer, they started to crowd me, and it was a little intimidating. I pushed through the crowd toward the door. They weren’t giving me any space. They obviously wanted to make sure I knew I was un-welcome. I made it inside and the entire bar quieted like they had never seen an outsider. I scanned the bar and spotted Brayden near one of the pool tables.  
He smiled as I approached. “I didn’t expect to see you here, love.” He went to take another shot. 
“I didn’t want to come here, believe me.” I made sure he knew I wasn’t here because I wanted to see him.  
“You do know I have a rule against Dominic’s pack crossing into my territory. I tend to send them back in very bad shape.” I couldn’t believe he was actually threatening me. He approached me slowly as he spoke. 
“Well it’s a good thing I don’t give a fuck about your rules,” I countered. 
He stopped inches from me. I tried to fight the feeling of excitement that he gave me. His smile widened at my words. “Such a brave little wolf,” he whispered. 
“Why did you lie about the hunter, and why did you attack Michael?” I got straight down to business and ignored his playful tone. 
He scoffed. “The ass shot me. Dominic must feel pretty weak if he has his border patrol carrying shotguns.” 
I was a little startled. I assumed Brayden caused the entire problem. I never thought maybe Michael struck first. “You shouldn’t have been over the border.” 
He grinned. “Funny coming from someone who’s currently in my territory.” 
I stuck my chin out defiantly. “I wouldn’t expect any less from you if you did retaliate against me.” 
His expression darkened like I had hit a nerve. “Rick, Carl, get this bitch out of my territory.” He acted like I was a piece of trash he wanted picked up. 
The two wolves moved forward. “Rick, Carl, I know my way out and if you touch me, I will make you regret it.” I made the threat in my tone clear.  
They hesitated not far from me and kept their hands to themselves. Brayden stepped forward and got in my face. “Leave, or I will show you how cruel I can be.” 
“Fuck you,” I countered sounding braver than I felt. We stared at each other for a minute. 
The entire bar was silent. I could feel my heart pounding. I was hoping he wasn’t serious. 
He finally sighed. “What do you want?” he asked tiredly. 
I held his gaze. “Don’t hurt Dominic’s wolves.” 
“I won’t agree to that, next.” He sounded like I was starting to irritate him. 
“Stay out of his territory then.” I knew if he stayed out of Dominic’s territory there would be less of a chance of anyone getting hurt. 
“No, all request denied now leave,” he ordered. 
I crossed my arms defiantly. “No. You have to agree to stop this petty fight.” 
“Rick, Carl, get her out, or you will have to worry about me killing you not her,” he snapped turning away from me. 
They grabbed me and pulled me backward away from him. I caught Rick in the face with a punch and he went down. Carl hit me and I fell to the floor. Several others started kicking me and stomping on me. I felt my bones break, and I tasted blood. I panicked and felt myself shift. I ran for the door as they continued to kick me. I yelped when someone stabbed me with something. I felt it go through my side and it burned. I could hear Brayden yelling, but I couldn’t make out what he was saying. I was panicking and trying to get out of the melee of feet and hands. I finally made it out of the crowd and bolted. I knew I was hurt, but I had to get back into Dominic’s territory in order to be safe. As soon as I crossed the border, I collapsed just inside the tree line. I shifted back to human form because I was unable to maintain wolf form. I cried in pain when I moved. My side was gushing blood, and I felt like one of my legs were broken. 
“Kylie!” Brayden’s voice made me panic.  
I got up and tried to run, but I quickly collapsed and cried in pain. He came into view and he hesitated when he saw me. “Stay away from me you son of a bitch!” I yelled at him. Yelling even hurt. 
He raised his hands in surrender like he meant no harm. “I never meant for them to do that … you have to know that Kylie.”  
He sounded sincere, but I didn’t care. My body was screaming in pain and I just wanted to get to Maggie’s. “I need to get to Maggie’s,” I said through gritted teeth. I put pressure on my side wound. 
“I will take you.” He peeled his shirt off. He slid it over my head, then lifted me. I didn’t want his help, but Maggie’s house was at least a mile away, and I wasn’t going to get there on my own.  
I laid against him trying to breathe through the pain and keep pressure on my side. 
Whatever I was stabbed with was incredibly painful. When Maggie’s house came into view, I was so relieved. He hesitated at the wood line when he saw Dominic and Audrey come out. 
“Here is where I depart, darling. I doubt Dominic will take kindly to me being here after this.” He set me on the ground. Before I could speak, he stood abruptly and yelled at Dominic. “Come get your girl, Dominic!” He winked at me, then shifted and took off running back through the woods. 
I looked back at Dominic and he was running toward me. He knelt next to me and he looked terrified. I knew I probably looked really bad. “What the hell happened?”  
“Run in with Brayden’s pack. I need Maggie, my side won’t quit bleeding.” I couldn’t believe I was still managing to speak through the pain.  
He nodded and quickly lifted me. “What the hell were you doing in his territory?” He sounded angry as he spoke. He had every right to be, I was an idiot. 
“It’s complicated,” I muttered. I didn’t want to anger Dominic enough to go after Brayden. As stupid as it was, I was fond of both of them and I didn’t want them fighting. He didn’t say anything else. He carried me into the house and Maggie was waiting. 
“Put her in the third room,” Maggie ordered. He sat me on the bed and Maggie followed. Audrey came in after her and watched us. “What did you get into child?” she asked as she looked at my wound. 
“I don’t know what it was. I was trying to get away when it happened,” I said through gritted teeth as she cleaned it. 
“I’m going to kill Brayden,” Dominic muttered. 
“She was in his territory, at least he was kind enough to bring her to Maggie,” Audrey said sounding annoyed. It sounded like Audrey hated Brayden for bringing me back. 
“She’s right. It was my fault. I started a fight and it got out of control.” I winced as Maggie pressed my wound.  
“Regardless, he should’ve had control over his pack. You’re young and stupid, he knows that,” Dominic snapped. 
I scowled. “Hey.” 
He looked at me like he was suggesting I not even try to counter his statement. “He is out of control. Someone in his pack attacked Michael and now they’ve attacked Kylie. We need to do something.” 
“You only care so much because it was Kylie!” Audrey countered. 
“I care because he thinks he can do whatever he wants!” Dominic snapped. 
“Or is it because he slept with your girlfriend?” Audrey hissed. 
“Oh boy,” Maggie said eyeing me. 
“What?” I muttered feeling a little guilty.  
“Audrey, this has nothing to do with Kylie or her stupid decisions, this has to do with the safety of the pack. I’m going to talk to the council about going after Brayden.” Dominic stalked out of the room. 
I was starting to worry. “He can’t do that.” A war between the two packs was the last thing I wanted. I went to get off the bed, but Maggie stopped me. 
“You aren’t going anywhere right now,” she said firmly. 
“This is all my fault. I have to stop him,” I said hoping she would see my point. 
“You’re right, it is all your fault and whatever stupid decision Dominic makes is your fault too,” Audrey said angrily. She hurried out of the room before I could reply. 
I groaned and laid back when Maggie pushed me down. I stared at the ceiling while she stitched my side.  
“Hurting yourself more will not stop anything,” she said gently. 
“I just need to talk to Dominic and make him see he is making a mistake,” I said tiredly. 
“No, you need to heal, and that is exactly what you’re going to do.” Her tone was firm. I wasn’t going anywhere under her watch. 
I relented and stayed in bed. She kept a close eye on me, obviously knowing I would attempt to sneak out. 

Chapter 13
The next night, I was pretty much healed, and I was antsy. I wanted to go talk to Dominic before he went forward with his arrogant decision. I showered and dressed quickly. Maggie came in the room and looked at me. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” Her tone was disapproving.  
I sighed. “Maggie, I have to talk to Dominic. I can’t let him just start a war because of me.” 
“Dominic is smart. He will do what is right by the pack. He always does.” She sounded like she truly believed in him. 
“I just don’t think he’s thinking clearly right now.” I didn’t want to argue I just wanted to go.  
She sighed. “Fine go but stay away from Brayden.”
 I smiled and nodded. “Don’t worry, lesson is learned.” 
“Good, be careful,” she called after me as I hurried out. 
“I will,” I called back, then hurried out the back door and ran for Dominic’s house. 
I made it to Dominic’s house quickly. His truck was in the driveway and his lights were on. I knocked on the door and waited, but he didn’t reply. I knocked hard. “Dominic it’s me, Kylie,” I called hoping he would answer. When he didn’t, I tried the door; it was locked. I scowled and searched under the various pots and rocks until I found a key. I knew I should’ve waited, but I was worried he was ignoring me. I quickly unlocked the door and stepped inside the house. “Dominic?” I didn’t know why but I could feel my heart starting to race. Just being in the same room as him, made me crazy.  
I pushed the door open to his bedroom and looked around. I could hear the shower running, so I walked toward the bathroom. I yelped when someone grabbed me and pinned me to the wall. “Why are you in my house?” 
I breathed a sigh of relief. “You didn’t answer your door,” I said breathlessly. 
“So you break in?” He sounded slightly amused. He was rubbing his body against me and it was distracting. I could feel his cock harden against my ass. I was trying to focus on something different because I wasn’t here for sex. 
“I didn’t break in,” I muttered when I couldn’t think of anything else to say. 
He turned me around, so I was facing him. He had one hand pressed to the wall on each side of my head. I felt my cheeks redden when I realized he was naked and wet. He had definitely been in the shower. I could smell alcohol on him. His eyes were the color they got when he was aroused or pissed off, and I had the feeling he was both. “Kind of like you didn’t fuck Brayden, right?” 
I looked at him a little startled by the change of subject. “You dumped me.” 
He glared at me. “So you go to him? Of all the fucking males in this town, it had to be him, didn’t it?” 
“Dominic, I’m sorry.” I didn’t even really know why I was apologizing. I didn’t do anything wrong.  
He pressed his hips into me. I could feel his cock press against my belly. “Prove it.” 
I looked at him unsure. He watched me with his beautiful eyes. I knew what he wanted … I just wasn’t sure it was a good idea. I relented and slowly dropped to my knees. I covered his hard cock with my mouth. I could feel him relax as I began to tease him. I sucked and licked enjoying every second of him. He groaned as he straightened, tangling his fingers in my hair. He moaned as he filled my mouth with his salty release. I loved how he tasted. I loved him and it drove me insane. 
“You have to be kidding me!” Audrey’s voice startled us both. He quickly moved away from me.  
He scowled. “Damn doesn’t anyone knock?” 
Audrey’s furious gaze was on him. “You’re fucking her again after she fucked your rival?” 
Dominic looked from her to me, then back to her. “Audrey, I love her.” 
Audrey looked like he had slapped her. I felt my mouth fall open in surprise. I never expected him to say that. I watched him not sure what to do or say. 
“She’s a whore! You love a whore! I have done nothing but be faithful to you, and what do I get? You’re telling me you love a whore!” Audrey was hysterical and I kind of felt bad. It was annoying me that she was calling me a whore, but I was trying to overlook it.  
“If I wasn’t a fucking idiot, I would’ve never broken up with her, and she would’ve never ended up with Brayden,” Dominic countered.  
She looked at him confused and hurt. “What about me? I’m the head female, and she treats me like I’m inferior.” 
He sighed as he ran his fingers through his hair. “Audrey, I can’t fight your battles for you. There is no written rule that says the head male and female have to be together. I can’t help that I love Kylie.” 
“You will regret loving her, you will see!” She rushed out leaving us both speechless. 
I looked up at him. He offered me his hand. I took it, and he pulled me against him. He pressed his lips to mine. I felt my body come to life as I deepened the kiss. “No more Brayden.”  
I ran my fingers along his jaw. “He was a mistake.” 
“Good,” he whispered. He lifted me and carried me to the bed. He laid me across the bed, then he walked into the bathroom and turned the shower off. He walked over to me and undid the button on my jeans. He slid them off taking my panties and shoes with them. I quickly removed my shirt and bra, then smiled up at him. 
He climbed on the bed and settled between my legs. He leaned over me. I ran my fingers down his chest. He pressed his lips to mine, as he slowly filled me with his hard cock. I moaned, pulling him down on me so his body was pressed to mine. We began to move together. He felt so good inside me. I lifted my hips to meet his slow, deliberate thrusts. Being with him felt so much more intimate this time than the other times. I was in love with him, I never felt like this for anyone else. I relaxed and arched my back as the pleasure of my release washed over me. I cried out. He pressed his lips to mine. He moaned as he released with me.  
I lay under him enjoying the feel of his body against mine. For the first time, I was able to relax and enjoy how he felt. He shifted and kissed me gently, then he stood. “I have to go see the council.” 
I propped myself up on my elbow and watched him. “You still aren’t planning to go to war with Brayden, are you?”  
He glanced at me, then looked away. “I’m doing what’s best for the pack.” 
I sat up. “Dominic, no. Too many people will get hurt if you do this.” 
He glared at me. “What’s wrong? Worried I might hurt him?” 
I looked at him confused. “What? No, I’m worried about you getting hurt and my father.” I was slightly worried about Brayden getting hurt. He was an ass, but I still had to admit there was something between us.  
“We will be fine. I have to go.” He slid his shirt on and walked out. I groaned and flopped back down on the bed. This was getting out of hand. Everything was fine until I showed up and started getting middle of the two packs.

Chapter 14
I woke up slowly. I didn’t even realize I fell asleep. I was in Dominic’s bed. I cussed as I climbed out of bed. I didn’t mean to fall asleep. I meant to get up and figure out what was going on. I dressed quickly and hurried out of the house. I went to Maggie’s since that was the only place that I knew I wouldn’t end up in trouble. 
Maggie looked up at me when I entered the kitchen. “Hey Maggie, have you heard anything about what Dominic is doing about Brayden?” 
“A meeting has been called. It is set for tomorrow night. Brayden and Dominic will fight in front of the packs and a decision will be made then.” She continued to sort her herbs like it was no big deal. 
“This is ridiculous,” I muttered as I sat down. I put my head in my arms on the table. I was incredibly tired and ready to give up.  
“I heard you chose Dominic.” She sounded odd and it made me worry. 
I looked at her confused. “I guess. Why is there something wrong?” 
She looked at me for a minute, then looked back at what she was doing. “You really don’t know do you? Well, I suppose it is still really early, it is off season, and you’re underage. I guess you would never suspect anything.” 
I watched her unsure. She sounded like she was talking to herself. “Maggie are you okay?”  
She smiled. “I’m fine, I would worry about yourself.” 
“What’s wrong with me?” I asked getting even more confused by the second. 
“Nothing dear, why don’t you go make sure the rooms are stocked.” She was dismissing me, and it was a little annoying, but I left her alone. 
I spent almost an hour stocking the rooms. My mind was racing, and I had no one to talk to. I sat on the floor folding towels and washcloths. I was trying to come up with a plan to stop Dominic and Brayden from fighting, but I had no clue what to do. 
Marie walked into the room. “Hey, Kylie.” She sat down next to me and started helping me fold towels. 
“Hey, what are you up to?” I asked trying to make conversation. 
She shrugged. “Just checking on you. I heard about you and Dominic, that’s great.” 
I scowled. “Yeah, except he is going to fight Brayden and I’m not so sure he will win.”  
She shrugged. “It’s all part of being in a pack. You’ll get used to it.” 
I scoffed. “I hate being in a pack. I’m close to just walking away from it all.” 
“You can’t do that,” Maggie said as she walked in the room. 
She was starting to irritate me with her cryptic comments. “Why not? I obviously don’t belong here. I do nothing but cause problems.” 
Maggie shrugged. “I think you will end up bringing the packs together,” she said, then she walked out. 
Marie looked at me confused and I rolled my eyes. “She’s been cryptic all night. I don’t know what has gotten into her.” 
Marie looked thoughtful. “Maybe she knows something you don’t. Maggie is like that. She knows things, it’s kind of weird.” 
“Well, I would rather she just say what she’s thinking instead of driving me insane with her puzzling comments.” I started stacking the towels as I spoke. I was irritated and I couldn’t shake the feeling. “How is it going with Danny?” I asked changing the subject. 
Marie grinned. “Great, he’s awesome. I’m glad you convinced me to ask him out.” 
I nodded. “He’s a great guy.” 
Marie continued talking about her and Danny. It was a distraction, but I kept thinking about Dominic and his need to fight Brayden. It was annoying. I was just hoping his decision wasn’t solely based on his feelings for me. 

After a while, Marie left to meet Danny. I walked back to the kitchen to find something to do. There was a knock on the kitchen door, so I answered it. 
Brayden smiled at me. “Well you look better, love.” 
“What are you doing here?” I stepped outside and closed the door. I wasn’t exactly happy to see him, and I made sure he knew it. 
He smiled. “I thought you would be happy to see me. Haven’t you heard the news? Dominic and I are to fight tomorrow night for ultimate control of the packs.” 
I crossed my arms annoyed. “I heard. Now why are you in his territory?” 
“It’s not his, pack law states whenever a challenge for ultimate dominance is announced the individual pack laws no longer stand. Meaning, we all have to play nice until the fight.” He sounded like he was looking forward to the fight, and it was irritating. 
“Why did you come here? Last time I saw you I was bleeding because of you,” I said angrily.  
His expression softened. “I never meant for that to happen. I know you know that. If I wanted you hurt or dead, I would’ve done it myself.” 
I watched him for a minute trying to decide what to do. He was right, if he wanted to hurt me, he could easily do it. “I’m with Dominic now.” 
His smile widened, which surprised me. “I know. If I win, you’ll be mine.” I looked at him shocked and slightly horrified. “I’m not part of the deal.” 
“Oh, but you are. Anything the pack leader that loses has belongs to the winning male. That includes any female.” He sounded like he was enjoying my confusion and annoyance. 
“That is bullshit. I do have free will,” I countered. 
“Not if you want to remain in the pack. You have to follow pack rules.” I could tell I was starting to annoy him. He obviously didn’t like that I was acting like I didn’t want him. 
“Well, I have been thinking about separating from the pack. There’s no better time than the present.” I turned and walked toward the woods. I would go find Dominic and tell him I was leaving if he was going to offer me up when he lost. 
“Your Dominic is devoted to his pack, love. Don’t think for one second he will give that up for you,” Brayden called after me. 
I turned to look at him. I knew he was right, but I didn’t want to admit it. Dominic was devoted to his pack, and that was what caused most of the problems between us. “And you aren’t?” 
He shrugged. “Of course I am, to a certain degree. I would never give you to another male, unless of course you wanted to be with him. In fact, love, I think you may be the only one I would die for if need be.” He smiled like it was no big deal. 
I didn’t want to hear him say that. That meant he cared about me. I didn’t want him to care about me because I didn’t want to care about him. I wanted to care about Dominic, but Dominic was making it difficult. “Brayden, I can’t do this right now,” I said quickly, then I hurried toward the woods. 
“So that’s it? I tell you how I feel, which I don’t do often, if ever, and you tell me you can’t do this right now?” He was following me, and he wasn’t happy. 
I stopped and looked at him. He stopped not far from me. I didn’t know what to say. I knew I loved Dominic, but I couldn’t deny I felt something for Brayden; even though I wasn’t sure what it was. “Brayden, I can’t love both of you, and I was with Dominic first.” 
He scoffed. “So it’s going to come down to who was there first?” 
“I don’t know what else to do,” I said angrily as I started walking again. 
“Then whoever wins gets your love. If it’s him then it’s him, but if it’s me, I want you to be mine.” He sounded like he meant what he was saying, and it was confusing me more. 
I stopped again, and he almost ran into me. “I thought you were a heartless asshole. I thought you didn’t love anyone.” 
“I didn’t, but then I met you, and I like you. I might even love you if you would just give me a chance,” he argued. 
“I don’t want to give you a chance. I really don’t want to give anyone a chance anymore. It is all so complicated and messed up.” I couldn’t think straight. I couldn’t figure out what I wanted. I wanted Dominic and Brayden’s stupid little power struggle to end. I, at least, wanted it to not be about me, and it seemed like they were both making it about me. 
He stood watching me like he was trying to decide what to say. “Look, I know I’m not the best choice. I’m not the perfect pack master, and I may not be the best at expressing my feelings, but I deserve a chance just as much as Dominic does.” 
Dominic stepped out of the trees, catching our attention. “You’re nowhere near perfect. I would go as far as to say you’re completely fucked up.” 
I could see Brayden’s posture change from relaxed to on guard. 
I looked from Dominic to Brayden. “Why do you two think starting a war will win me?” 
“The strongest gets everything. It is how it works.” Dominic made it sound like it was logical. 
I stood there looking at both of them. I had to do something to stop them. They were so determined to try to destroy each other. “Fine … fight. I don’t care, but just so you know, neither of you will get me,” I snapped, then I stalked off into the trees. Neither of them made a move to follow me, which was a relief. I walked toward the river. I needed to clear my head and figure out what I wanted. 

After a couple hours on my own, I felt a little better. I walked into Maggie’s kitchen and she looked up at me. There was another woman about her age sitting with her. The woman looked me over. “This is the one then?”  
Maggie nodded as she stood. “That is her. Kylie, this is Lucy. Would you make some tea?”  
I nodded and walked to the stove. I wondered who Lucy was, but I didn’t ask. I knew when Maggie wanted me to know she would tell me. 
“Will you be attending the fight tomorrow night, Kylie?” Lucy asked, as she continued to watch me with her piercing gaze. 
I shook my head. “I’m not going to waste my time.” I was trying not to let the thought anger me again. 
She looked a little confused. “There isn’t one of the two you wish to win?”  
“No. I would rather they remain with their own packs and quit this ridiculous power struggle.” I was scared one of the two of them wouldn’t make it out of it alive. 
“What if it was possible for them to rule together,” Maggie asked as if it was a perfect idea. 
I scoffed. “There’s no way.” The thought was slightly amusing. They would probably kill one another after one day, and I knew it.  
Lucy laughed and it was more of a cackle. “She’s right, Maggie. It would take a miracle to keep them from ripping each other apart.” 
Maggie looked unfazed by Lucy laughing at her suggestion. “I have a perfect miracle, which is why I called you here to confirm what I have found,” Maggie was watching Lucy intently as she spoke. 
I looked at her confused. “What could possibly make them not fight? I even attempted to tell them that neither of them could have me if they fought.” 
“If they both had a child, then they would be less inclined to fight.” Maggie was talking like everything she said made complete sense.  
Lucy scoffed. “They would still kill each other. My Brayden is not a soft heart. Besides you will never convince either of them to mate. They are too stuck on themselves. Not only that, if they did mate, their females would probably fight, and it would be a never-ending circle.” 
“They have already mated and although Kylie doesn’t know it, she is carrying Dominic and Brayden’s children.” Maggie was looking at me as she spoke. 
I looked at her confused and unsure. I was wondering if she was okay. “Maggie, I’m not twenty-one. It’s not the right season, and I never was in form when I was with either of them.” 
She shrugged. “I can’t tell you how. I haven’t figured it out myself, but it is possible for one female to carry a set of fraternal twins, one each belonging to a different male. You are carrying two children and they both have different fathers.” 
I looked at her and I didn’t know what to say. For the first time, I was actually silent. I wasn’t ready to be a mother, and I especially didn’t want a set of twins that belonged to two of the most difficult males I ever encountered. 
“If this is true, then this might work,” Lucy said watching me as she tapped her fingers on the tabletop. 
“It can’t be true! It isn’t how it works. There is a season and a process!” I was starting to panic.  
Maggie stood and came to me. “Kylie calm down. There’s a reason for everything. There’s a reason you were with both of them, and there’s a reason you are the one carrying their children. Tomorrow night at the meeting, we will announce the pregnancy. They will not be allowed to fight because males who are going to be fathers cannot enter challenges until after the birth of their children.” 
Lucy looked at Maggie. “Is that why you called for me? You want me to confirm this pregnancy and announce it with you?”  
Maggie nodded. “Kylie, Lucy is Brayden’s pack healer. We both have to announce in order for the rules to stand.” 
I was standing looking from Maggie to Lucy not sure what to say. “I’m not ready for this,” I said quietly hoping it was all a big joke. 
“You are, Kylie,” Maggie insisted, taking my hands. “You and these babies can bring these packs together. They have been warring for ages, and you can change that.” 
“I agree, may I?” Lucy asked as she offered her hands. I looked at Maggie, and she nodded. I placed my hands in Lucy’s and she closed her eyes. She smiled after a minute. “Oh, they are strong little pups. She may have them earlier than expected. I would say you are about a week. I’m sure you will start showing soon. Were-babies always grow so quickly.” 
Maggie smiled. “I expect them in two months at the earliest. If they slow down maybe three. They have definitely presented themselves quickly.” 
They both seemed so happy. I was the only one that was terrified. I was nowhere near prepared for Maggie to break this too me. 
There was a knock on the door and my father came in. He smiled at me. I looked at Maggie. I felt my face go pale as she patted me on the shoulder reassuringly. “Ah Kyle, good to see you.” She walked over to him. 
“I got your message. Is something wrong?” He looked from Maggie to me.  
I probably looked like a deer caught in headlights. I was frozen. I didn’t want to tell him. I had a feeling if Maggie called him, then she planned to tell him. 
“Not at all, you know Lucy.” She indicated Lucy. 
My father looked at Lucy and nodded. “This is kind of odd. Are you going to leave me in suspense forever, Maggie?” 
“Of course not. Have a seat. We need to discuss Kylie.” Maggie ushered him into a chair. 
“What’s wrong with Kylie?” He sounded suspicious as he looked me over. 
“Nothing bad, I assure you. We called you here because it is customary for you to know first about Kylie’s condition.” Maggie could barely hide her excitement. 
Maggie was making it seem like a joyous occasion and it didn’t feel that way to me. I felt like I was going to suffocate from panic and fear. I was trying to remain calm. I was gripping the countertop, and it was helping a little. 
“Her condition? Maggie what is wrong with her?” My father sounded worried now. 
Maggie waved her hand as she took the seat next to him. “Nothing is wrong. She is expecting.”  
My father looked as confused as I felt. “Expecting what? A baby? Maggie that’s insane.” 
“I have confirmed Maggie’s findings. We don’t have an explanation, but she is expecting,” Lucy said firmly. 
My father looked at me, and I could tell he wasn’t happy. “How Kylie, and whose is it?”  I opened my mouth to speak, then closed it again. I didn’t know what to say to him. 
Maggie spoke when I couldn’t. “The how we don’t know, but Dominic and Brayden are the fathers.” 
My father was back to looking confused and angry. “Is this a joke?” He stood abruptly.  
“Kyle, I wouldn’t lie to you. She’s carrying both the leaders’ children and we believe we will be able to form some kind of pact between them because their children will be siblings. We are going to announce the pregnancy tomorrow night before the fight. It will halt everything until the children are born. When they are born, maybe Dominic and Brayden will settle this feud.” Maggie sounded so sure as she spoke. I wished I felt as sure as she did, but I didn’t. 
My father sat back down slowly, then he looked at me. After a minute, he looked back at Maggie. “It could put Kylie in danger. Things like this attract unwanted attention.” 
Maggie nodded. “That’s why Dominic and Brayden will have no choice but to join forces.” 
My father looked at me as he stood. “I suppose there is nothing we can do to change it now. We will announce it at the fight and see what happens. Kylie, you need to come home, we need to talk.”  
Maggie nodded. “Be at the meeting, it’s the only way the two packs will be able to thrive.” 
My father nodded and walked out. I glanced at Maggie, and she gave me a reassuring smile. I sighed and followed my father out. 
He didn’t speak the entire walk home. This made the walk seem excessively long. I knew he was angry by the way his hands were balled into fists and his jaw was set. I had a feeling most of his anger was coming from the fact that I was with Brayden. 
We walked into the house and Shelia was at the table. She stood when he entered. “Are you okay, Kyle?” She actually sounded concerned.  
My father glanced at her. “Family issues. Can you come back later? Kylie and I need to talk.” 
“Oh, of course,” she said, then she quickly hurried out the back door. 
“I don’t know why you like her,” I muttered as I took a seat at the table. 
“You have no room to talk about making bad decisions when it comes to lovers. Brayden? Of all the wolves in the world why Brayden? Does Dominic know about your indiscretion with him?” My father was definitely angry. He was one tone level away from yelling. 
I nodded. “Dominic knows.”  
“Why did you think this was a good idea? Do you have any idea how many problems you just caused yourself?” He slammed his hand down on the table, making me jump. 
“I get it. I screwed up, but you have to cut me a break. How was I supposed to know I could get pregnant? I’m not of age, it’s not mating season, and we remained in human form when we were together,” I said defensively. 
He watched me for a minute, then sighed as he took a seat. “You should go rest. We only have a few hours, and it is going to be a very long night.” 
I nodded and stood. “I’m sorry, daddy.” I hurried out of the room and up the stairs.  
I flopped down on my bed and looked at the ceiling. Things were even more complicated than I anticipated. I wasn’t sure how well Dominic and Brayden would take the news. 

Chapter 15
I woke up to my father knocking on my door. I sat up. He came in and smiled at me. “It’s time to get ready. I let you sleep as long as I could,” he said apologetically. 
I nodded. “I’ll be down in a few minutes.” 
He left me. I undressed and went to the bathroom. I looked in the mirror I was already starting to show. I didn’t understand how I didn’t notice it. I rested my hand on my belly and closed my eyes. I could feel their heartbeats and it made me smile. It was so weird that it happened so fast. Humans had to wait for this, and they needed machines to feel their child’s heartbeat. I could feel them, and my situation didn’t seem as bad as before. 
I showered and dressed, then I hurried downstairs. I dressed in jeans and a tee shirt. I wanted to be comfortable in case something went wrong. 
My father smiled at me. I hesitated when I looked past him. My mother was standing there. She smiled softly. I suddenly realized how much I missed her. “Mom!” I hurried over to her and hugged her. 
“Oh honey, you have grown up so much.” I could hear the sadness in her voice. 
“I’m scared,” I said quietly. I knew my mother would make me feel better. 
She looked at me and brushed my hair out of my face. “You will figure things out. Everyone is scared at this point, even when it’s a planned pregnancy.” 
My father held the door for us. “We have to go. Your mother and I are announcing the pregnancy. Maggie and Lucy are going to support the announcement.” 
We made the trek to the meeting ground in silence. My mother held my hand, and my father led. I felt like I was being led to my death. I wanted to run and never come back.  
We made it to the meeting grounds. There were so many wolves, it was hard to get through the crowd. At the center Dominic and Brayden were standing on opposite ends. I looked at Brayden and he smiled. Dominic wasn’t smiling. He just looked at me. I couldn’t tell what he was thinking.  
I shifted my gaze and my eyes locked with Audrey’s. She glared at me. I quickly looked away. I didn’t want to fight, not tonight. I stayed where I was. I didn’t really know what was going on. Dominic and Brayden took their positions across from one another. 
 My father moved between them. “I have an announcement that effects this fight.” My father spoke loud enough for everyone to hear. The crowd went silent. Dominic and Brayden looked at each other confused. Brayden crossed his arms. He looked sullen. Dominic gave my father a questioning look. “My daughter, Kylie, is pregnant. Dominic and Brayden are being claimed the fathers.” 
The crowd started yelling. Both sides were protesting. Dominic and Brayden went to my father and started yelling at him at the same time.  
“Hush all of you!” Maggie’s voice made everyone go silent. Brayden and Dominic looked at Maggie as she stood next to me. “This pregnancy has been confirmed by me the healer of Dominic’s pack.” 
Lucy stepped up next to Maggie. “It has also been confirmed by me, the healer for Brayden’s pack. The girl carries two children. One sired by our leader, Brayden and the other sired by her pack leader, Dominic.” 
They both looked at me and I wanted to run. Neither of them looked happy. It looked like the situation was going to be all my fault like everything else was. I stepped back nervously when the silence became overwhelming. I didn’t know what was going to happen next. 
 

Book 2 is available on all major eBook retailers! To contact me or follow my books
join me on Facebook at www.facebook.com/ellaprice.ella

