MŐBIUS' CODE

by Francis Rosenfeld

© 2018 Francis Rosenfeld

Smashwords Edition

Cover Design © goodCoverDesign at SelfPubBookCovers 


Contents

Part One

Jennifer 1.0.0
Jennifer 2.0.0
Jennifer 2.0.1
Jennifer 2.0.2
Jennifer 2.0.3
Jennifer 2.0.4

Part Two

Jennifer 3.0.0
Jennifer 5.0.0
Jennifer 8.0.0
Jennifer 8.1.0
Jennifer 8.1.2
| Jennifer > Beta

About the Author

Other Books by Francis Rosenfeld


PART ONE


 JENNIFER 1.0.0

“Möbius!” Afael yelled, loud enough to be heard through the thick walls. 
Möbius had been waiting for about half an hour for the massive golden door to open and an assistant to invite him into Afael‘s office. All of this time he’d been sitting quietly, counting the sumptuous coffers on the ceiling, looking out the window into the seraphic gardens and gazing at his own reflection in the polished floors. He wasn’t a patient angel, it wasn’t his nature, and during the millennia he’d been working in the Hall of Human Life Design his record indicated a dedicated, albeit rather temperamental character with a passion for florid detail. 
He made his way into the office, loathed to endure another one of Afael’s scolding sessions. It wasn’t the first time he had found himself in this situation, but it wasn’t possible, it just wasn’t possible for anybody with a pulse to navigate the great sea of human life design without losing it every now and then. Truth be told, writing human lives wasn’t all that it was cracked up to be, like he first thought in his youthful enthusiasm, all those thousands of years ago, and after a while they all started blending into each other, an endless chain of births and deaths that had to have some sort of stuffing in between. That’s where he came in: he wrote the stuffing.
“This code could put a novice to sleep,” he often sighed, as he selected and pasted the standard life options based on life span, soul mate availability and gender. 
“It’s the most sacred duty and trust to make sure that the humans in your care get the best life quality available,” his mentor had said, way back when. “What is an endless repetition for you is the only life they’ll ever have…I think…I would have to consult the records, to be sure…Anyway, you get the lesson, Möbius. Don’t be cavalier in your fiduciary duty, we are held to higher standards than that.”
“Easy for him to say, he doesn’t have to go through this mountain of crap.” All the same, not a thing he couldn’t put together in his sleep. It was simple, repeated billions of times: as long as the person was alive, they would follow the life code, until they were no longer alive, in which case their code was moved to the Department of Afterlife and, mercifully, it ceased to be his problem. Despite his moral misgivings, after all of this time, he had to admit, at least to himself, that humans weren’t all that interesting. Sure there was the opportunity, every now and then, to write the life of an Einstein, or a Beethoven, which required a superior level of creativity, but those cases were few and far between. For the most part life design didn’t require more effort than pulling in the boiler plate code and modifying the specific parameters.
“What have we here?” he yawned and pulled a new array into the system. “Female, life span 29, seriously, who is putting together this slop? You can’t get any good code out of that, there is just not enough there to warrant interesting outcomes.” Sure, his mentor would have given him a never ending lecture full of examples of people who had managed to achieve their purpose early in life, only to emphasize the concept that there are no human lives that are too short or unimportant, only lazy angelic hosts who don’t apply themselves. “Whatever!” he thought, and went back to the data. “Mid-range college, on again off again boyfriend, average starting job, why don’t you try and turn this into Sylvia Plath. I’ll just pull another life that’s similar enough and modify it.” He didn’t understand why they were still working life designs in the old system anyway, since they were days away from the upgrade, which promised a much more streamlined process, with less chances of error, and as such, less opportunities for headaches when implemented. And that’s when Möbius’ heretical thought emerged. “Just once, just for the heck of it, I wish I could get the chance to write something interesting and extraordinary, not this crowd optimized slop! What’s it going to hurt? I’ll put it in an else loop, it’s not going to execute anyway, a human can only be alive or dead. I wonder what that would look like.” 
A rebellious streak of his personality showed up immediately to assist in the process, and for the remainder of the day he coded and chuckled with glee, excited by his little pet project. At the end of the day he couldn’t bear to instruct it to go to the end, since he figured that anything other than dead or alive was not a real possibility, so he set the code on a loop, with an infinite number of variations, based on information from several Akashic libraries. 
He was so excited about his little project, which was quite the masterpiece, if he could say so himself, that the next day’s summoning to Afael’s office came almost as a shock, even though he knew exactly what the latter wanted to discuss.
“This is an embarrassment, Möbius! I can’t believe I have to gaze upon this plate of bad code from an angel of your caliber. Writing information that won’t execute! Copy pasting life designs without paying attention to the variables, he pointed at a blatant error in the code, which scheduled activities for the age of thirty five, six years after the subject’s demise. “Do you have anything to say for yourself?”
“I’m sorry, Afael, I don’t know what to say,” Möbius made an attempt at an excuse, with so little conviction even he felt bad about it.
“Listen, Möbius, I know everybody is tired and hassled with the upgrade coming in, so I don’t want to waste my time discussing something like this,” he pointed to the document with non-dissimulated disdain. “Delete this nonsense before the upgrade and I don’t want to hear any more from you this year.”
“Figures,” Möbius went back to his work area, morose. He moved the code to the trash bin, to be processed by the nightly maintenance, and tried to put it out of his mind, so he could concentrate on the details of the upcoming upgrade.
Fate works in mysterious ways, even in the angelic realm. An energy fluctuation interrupted the reboot exactly at that file, counting it first deleted, then active, which gave the master servers the signal that it needed to be restored, so they put it back in the system, to be incorporated into the upgrade in due time. Fortunately for Möbius, neither he nor his superior noticed the aberration, which would have been a cause for much sound and fury, but instead the little unorthodox file made its way anonymously into the vast amount of data and waited patiently to be executed. 

“Hey, Möbius! Remember, we’re all one, man!” one of his colleagues passed him by and saw fit to treat him to a reheated version of the old tease that resulted in his nickname. 
“How does that never get old? I’d be bored witless by now,” Möbius thought, and that said a lot since he himself was no stranger to pranks and prattle. He still had the urge to kick himself for sharing his heartfelt belief that the universe was a wonderfully unified place where everything affected everything else and one was no more different from an ant or a cloud than one could be from one’s own hands. 
“What the heck are we all doing here, then?” his mentor asked, in a rhetorical tone that left no doubt about his personal approach to the subject. “If everything is one and we’re all good, what on earth does humanity need us for? Face it, Möbius, there’s always going to be good and evil in this world, we all have to pick a side.”
“There is only one side!” Möbius blurted before his brain had time to call back the words, stirring a roar of laughter.
“Our beloved brother here managed to get the nature of non-duality to reveal itself to him,” his mentor taunted mercilessly. “Maybe we should all be in awe of his wisdom.”
Möbius looked down, beet red with embarrassment and furious that he saw fit to put such a personally relevant belief out in the field for all to kick around. “A whole eternity of this! Nobody can put up with this for eternity!” he thought, as burning nerves were fighting to burst out of his skin.
“You’re like an ant on a Möbius’ band,” the mentor continued, visibly entertained, “no matter where we put you, after a while you end up on the opposite side. Why are you so bent on challenging the way things are?” he eventually asked, in a slightly friendlier tone.
“Because there is no other side. It’s always the same side, you just can’t wrap your head around it,” Möbius kept his thoughts to himself this time, too upset to speak.
From that day on his nickname, Möbius, stuck. In time he learned to accept it as a name he’d earned for himself and after a while he didn’t even question being called by it, and people started to forget what his real name was anyway. It was just when some smart-Alec decided to take the old taunt out for a spin that he got peeved by it.
“Did you rewrite the code?” Afael’s voice startled him from behind.
“I’m still working on it,” Möbius replied.
“But you did take down the old code, one hopes,” Afael left no room for excuses. “I don’t want to picture what would happen if that somehow made it into the Continuum.”
“Yes, I deleted it last night, before the midnight back-up.”
“Then how is it that I’m staring at it?” Afael asked with a calm that didn’t bode well.
“I…can’t imagine how it happened…” Möbius replied, befuddled.
“Take care of it, will you?” Afael frowned, displeased, and left.
“This cursed code made it back into the live stream just to make my life unpleasant. It has a mind of its own, I just know it. Maybe there is evil after all,” Möbius mumbled to himself, irritated that he had to deal with this stupid problem again, on top of having to rewrite that human’s life to unseemly specs.
He deleted the old code, checked twice that it was gone and started over, really irritated and trying to find a way, any way at all, to make that girl’s short life worthwhile and meaningful in some way, despite the really bad boilerplate specs. Möbius was, in fact, a good angel.
“Why on earth would anybody write this crap? I thought we were supposed to protect and guide human life, not condemn it ahead of time. This is a dereliction of duty and I’m not doing it.” 
He sat, defiantly, trying to garner enough enthusiasm to go ask that this uninspiring file be given to somebody else, but what was the point of washing his hands of it, it would only ensure that whatever joy and meaning he would have been able to weave into that life would be foregone by the hypothetical bored colleague who wouldn’t even read its details. He had to admit he did that too when he was in a hurry: they all went through the specs, changed the dates and the genders to match and moved on to the next life. There were so many of them!
Unfortunately for him, he’d read enough of the spec to feel guilty about it, and knew that not making good on this particular life would nag at his conscience forever, and that was very literal for an angel and not a pleasant thought to contemplate.
“Damn it!” he cussed under his breath.
“Möbius!!” Afael screamed from his office. “Really?! In Heaven?!” 
“If only he heard everything this well,” Möbius kept his displeasure to himself this time. Afael’s gift for pretending not to hear conversations that didn’t serve his purpose was notorious around the office.
Möbius worked long into the night, rearranging the details and the timelines so that the really unpalatable life read just a little better, and after all that work he had to admit that no matter what he did there was only so much one could improve on crap. Bitter, he checked the code, ran it to make sure it worked properly, and placed it in queue to be picked up by the next upload.
Maybe Providence itself intervened, maybe it was a random coincidence, maybe it was synchronicity at its finest, who is to know? Sometimes things happen that defy logic and no matter how many times you look at them you still can’t understand how, given the circumstances, they came to be. At midnight the old file got back into the live stream again, overwriting all of Möbius’ hard work from the day before. It didn’t linger on the local server this time; it waited for the midnight upload and hitched a ride into the Continuum where its light would shine brightly and reality-defyingly to every appalled human who happened to be in some way associated with it.
It is true that time has a completely different meaning in Heaven, so it would be really hard to tell when the aberrant file behavior started to become apparent, suffice it to say it wasn’t immediate. And why would it have been? The little girl was born in her average household, went to her average school, where she got her average grades, had an average social life, there was nothing about her that would make her stand out in any way. After all, for the first portion of his illicit pet project, Möbius didn’t modify the standard code at all, since he didn’t think there was any point: while “alive”, follow the specifications modified for gender until the Time of Demise, when the “dead” option took over, analyzed the behaviors during loop one and pointed the subject to Heaven or Hell accordingly. The fact that Möbius had added an “else” to the code didn’t change the first part in the least, because, by design, it wasn’t intended to. 
The girl approached the age of twenty nine, completely oblivious to her fate, like mere mortals tend to be, neither happy nor miserable, neither excited nor scared, rushing blindly to the next activity, propelled by the ubiquitous sequence of ifs and buts that quietly directs all human life. It was only when she reached her TOD that all hell broke loose, if one is allowed to use such a word in this context.
“Möbius!!” Afael screamed for the third time, so loud that the foundations of Heaven shook. “I want to see you in my office right now!”
As I said, time passes differently upstairs, but still, enough of it had elapsed between the release of the fateful file and its peculiar effects for Möbius to have forgotten all about it, and when he found himself face to face with Afael he had no idea what had generated the brouhaha.
“You did this on purpose, didn’t you?” Afael thundered from behind the desk, shoving the delinquent file in Möbius’ face.
“What is…How…This is not possible!” Möbius gasped, quietly assessing the consequences of such a creative release.
“If you are looking at it, it is possible. Especially if you made it possible, it’s possible!” Afael snapped back.
“I didn’t…” Möbius tried to explain himself, but the former stopped him with a gesture of his hand.
“This is what happens when we get entangled in misguided attempts to get creative. Why do you think the standard specifications were conceived in the first place?” He threw the code on the table as if to dismiss it. “I’m not dealing with this problem. You created it, you fix it.”
“Can I get a little more information about what happened?” Möbius made an attempt to appease him.
“Why would you need any? You wrote the artistic interpretation of our sacred standards, you should be thoroughly familiar with what’s in it.” He pretended to work on something else, while Möbius was wondering if he should stay or leave. “Are you still here?” Afael asked without lifting his eyes from his work. “I don’t expect to see you back until this problem is solved.”
“Back from where?” Möbius asked, because in his eternal existence as an angelic host he’d never been anywhere else but here.
“Earth, of course! You’ve earned yourself a guardianship. Go guard!”
“A Guardian Angel?? I have no idea how to do that, I didn’t get any training...” Möbius tried to protest, shocked at the prospect.
“You should have thought of that before you got creative.” Afael retorted. “Why are you still here?”
Möbius returned to his desk and pulled the file, trying to figure out how it could possibly have blown up in his face. The code was bulletproof, if anything it was so dull it couldn’t break if one forced it to. Everything checked out, the life details were correct, the death details were correct, he was so sure of it, and then he saw it, the miserable line that had turned his existence upside down, the timeline inconsistency that involved a significant life event at the age of thirty five.
“I can’t believe I missed that!” he worked through the logic of the program, trying to follow where the error would lead. “But that’s not possible!” he stared in disbelief at the “else” command. 
“You’re the one who wrote it in the code,” his colleague didn’t miss his chance to express opinion. “You know what they say, garbage in, garbage out.”
“But that would mean she’s neither living, nor dead,” Möbius babbled in disbelief.
“Congratulations! Your code worked exactly as intended.”
“But that’s…”
“Not possible?” His colleague scoffed. “You’re an angel, Möbius. If you wrote it in the code, it’s possible.”

The sun was high up in the sky when Jennifer woke up that Saturday morning, and she wasn’t eager to get out of bed at all. It had been a grueling week at work, her on again off again boyfriend had canceled their date at the last minute and she knew that somewhere on the coffee table in the living room, which, as usual, was covered in an unholy mess, was the receipt for the blouse she wanted to return. She didn’t understand what had possessed her to buy it in the first place: it was the wrong color, and it had a very unflattering fit for her body shape, which made it pull and tug in all the wrong places, making her self-conscious. 
The fact that now she had to make an extra trip to return it, if she was lucky enough to find the receipt in that mess, made her gasp in exasperation. She couldn’t figure out what she could do about her life to make it more manageable, as the facts stood right now she never seemed to have enough time to catch up with it. If somebody sat Jennifer down and made her write down all the duties she had on any given day, she would have understood it wasn’t feasible to cram thirty six hours of activity in twenty four hours of life, especially if one had to use a few of those hours to sleep, but Jennifer would never waste her time analyzing her life like that, because she was too busy already.
That morning, however, she had decided to cut herself some slack and catch an extra hour of sleep. The sunlight bothered her and she got mad at herself for forgetting to close the curtains the night before, but she didn’t want to let this detail annoy her, so she closed her eyes really tight and pulled the comforter over her head.
“Are you going to sleep all day?” a voice sounded out from the other side of the room, startling her into a wretched panic. Frozen in fear, she wasn’t able to open her eyes, and she waited for the intruder to make his move, terrified by the prospect of impending death. No other sound emerged from his direction, so she wondered if she’d hallucinated the whole thing, or maybe she was still between dream and reality and didn’t realize it. The mind does play tricks like that every now and then. She opened her eyes slowly, to reassure herself that it was all in her head, and she saw him sitting in the chair by the window, looking very bored. She instinctively pulled the comforter around herself, in an absurd gesture of self-defense.
“Please don’t be afraid, I mean you no harm,” Möbius uttered the standard phrase described in the operation manual for angel-human encounters, and it sounded so unconvincing, even to him, that he wished he didn’t speak at all. Jeniffer, however, seemed to be less terrified, as much as it was possible under the circumstances, so he thought to himself “what do you know, those stiffs at the nanny camp really know what they’re talking about, what a shock.”
“Get out of my room,” Jennifer managed to mumble. She tried to sound forceful, but her mouth was dry with fear and the words came out with gurgling sounds due to the uncontrollable shaking.
“I knew that was a mistake,” Möbius blamed himself. “I should have met her at a coffee shop or something.” He then realized that if she was so terrified to see him before she even knew why he had shown up, breaking the news that she was, for all practical purposes, a coding error, was not conducive to improving their chances of mutual trust. 
“Get out!” Jennifer picked up some nerve, encouraged by the non-aggressive demeanor. “I will call the police right now,” she threatened, playing for time to think of a way to get out of there, and since he shrugged, she figured she might be able to dial 911 before he had a chance to approach her. The phone rang for the longest time, while her calm intruder continued to sit in his chair, and when somebody eventually picked up they explained that they don’t get involved in this sort of dispute and wished her the best of luck in resolving the situation amicably.
“Didn’t you hear what I said? There is an intruder in my room right now! Please send somebody! Hello? Hello?”
“Did he hang up on you?” Möbius asked, unperturbed. Jennifer decided to try another approach, to maybe talk her way out of there.
“Who are you? What do you want from me?” she asked.
“I am an angel,” Möbius graciously obliged.
“Oh, a mental patient,” Jennifer tried to mask a sigh of relief, even though having to deal with a person who didn’t have a good grasp on reality didn’t seem a whole lot safer than dealing with a sane individual intent on malfeasance. “Maybe I can talk my way out of this after all,” she thought.
“No, Jennifer. I’m afraid you can’t.”
“He can’t possibly read my thoughts, I’m so afraid I’m making this up. Everything is going to be fine. Calm down, Jennifer!” she told herself.
“Yes, please, do calm down, Jennifer, we need to talk.”
“How can you possibly know my thoughts?” She didn’t even realize whether she had asked the question in her mind or out loud, but it didn’t seem to make any difference either way.
“Well, for lack of a better explanation, I wrote them. The general outline, at least.”
“This is going nowhere,” Jennifer thought, and as she did she watched with surreal calm as Möbius dipped his hand into the side table as if it were made of water, and then pulled it back out.
“You were about to ask me how I got in here. Rest assured, you did lock your door. I checked after I arrived, you can never be too careful, with all the crazies out there, although right now it probably doesn’t matter all that much,” he frowned trying to figure out if that was in fact the case and didn’t seem to draw any conclusion. “Or maybe it does, I really don’t know.”
Jennifer’s mind was slow running all of the impossible scenarios that would make this bizarre circumstance possible. 
“I must still be asleep, that’s it. Wake up, Jennifer! Wake up, Jennifer!” she closed her eyes, trying to shake herself out of this persistent nightmare.
“You know, logically speaking, if you wanted to wake yourself up you should be opening your eyes, not closing them,” he offered advice, but then he met her terrified stare and reconsidered. “Don’t mind me. Take your time.”
“I’m dead!” Jennifer embraced this revelation with relief, to her great surprise, baffled that she couldn’t remember the circumstances of her passing, but it made perfect sense, in fact it was the only explanation that made any sense. “Oh, my God! My mother!” she jumped to reach out to the latter somehow, forgetting about the stranger in her room and about the fact that if her hypothesis was true she wouldn’t be able to pick up the phone. She stumbled and stubbed her toe in the process, and got instantly aggravated about the sharp pain. “I’m not supposed to feel pain anymore! Is this what the afterlife is like? I still get to feel pain? Next thing you’re going to tell me I have to get a job!”
“You are not exactly dead,” Möbius attempted an explanation.
“Exactly?”
“Technically, you are not dead.”
“Oh, so then I’m alive,” she breathed a sigh of relief.
“I wouldn’t say that either…” Möbius tried to soften the blow.
Jennifer tried to pick up the phone and her hand went through it as if it weren’t there. 
“Obviously, I’m a ghost.”
“Would you try that again please? I thought you said you wanted to call your mother.”
Jennifer picked up the phone, successfully this time, and dialed her mom’s number. While the phone rang she stared at the intruder as if to ask whether she was going to get her mother at the other end of the line or a perfect stranger advertising plastic garden furniture.
“You’re starting to get the hang of this,” he smiled encouragingly. “I honestly can’t answer. It’s a coin toss.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“There is a fifty-fifty chance you’ll get your mother.”
The person at the other end of the line, whoever they happened to be, in accordance with the laws of probability, did not pick up.
“You can always try your call later,” Möbius encouraged her with the impersonal pitch of an automated answering service.
“But this is not….”
“Possible? Been there, analyzed that. Apparently, if you see it happening, it is possible.” He got up.
“Well, that’s a lot to process, I’ll leave you to it. Call me if you need me, I’ll be around.”
“So, what am I supposed to do now?” she asked.
“I have absolutely no idea. I’ll think of something.”


 JENNIFER 2.0.0

Because it was the weekend, Jennifer went to visit her mother, like she usually did. They had lunch together, caught up on what happened during the week and the latest gossip. Jennifer’s mother brought up her favorite subjects, which were that Jennifer should eat better and her boyfriend was not good enough for her. She topped up the conversation with offers to match up her daughter with a number of suitable bachelors who were serious about a relationship. 
“Mom, stop trying to fix me up, don’t you remember what happened the last time?”
“Adelaide’s son is wonderfully attentive, so fond of his mother, surely you couldn’t find anything wrong with him!”
“Of course he’s fond of his mother. He talked about nothing else the entire evening.”
“You are too picky, dear, that’s your problem. Keep it up and I’m never going to see you settled down. You wouldn’t dare deprive me of grandchildren!”
“They would be my children, mom. It’s not like I’m having them for you.”
“Why do you always have to be hurtful to me like that. You’re just like your father, selfish, the both of you!”
That’s how their encounters always ended. Despite the fact that they were very close, there wasn’t  a single get together during which the subjects of grandchildren and self-centeredness weren’t brought up. The scene looked so unbelievably familiar that for a moment Jennifer forgot she’d waken up with a stranger in her bedroom that morning, an occurrence which would have been woefully misinterpreted under different circumstances. She didn’t tell her mother anything about it, of course, to avoid the ensuing panic attacks, questions about the intruder’s emotional availability and financial standing and an innocent suggestion that she should bring him around for dinner sometimes.
In their imaginary conversation, Jennifer was yelling “But mom, you don’t understand? He broke into my house!” and her mother was replying “Don’t be so negative, Jennifer! You never know how destiny works. What if it was meant to be?” 
Jennifer had always hated the concept of predestination, what was the point of living if you could never get off script? The thought that some superior entity in the sky had already plotted and decided her entire life, and that nothing and nobody in it just happened, but was placed there, like the little plastic castle in the fish bowl, drove her mad with indignation. She had had endless arguments with her friends in college over one too many beers and the occasional joint, about the essential role of free will in somebody’s life and the fact that a life script, even one that the person supposedly plotted for themselves before they were born, was the saddest thing one could ever experience. Plotting one’s miseries particularly befuddled her, who would be so self-destructive to bring suffering and disappointment in one’s own life on purpose? To learn? Pfft!
The fact that now she had to contemplate the thought that not only there was a plan, but she didn’t have any input in it, made her livid. She decided to confront whoever that person was who pretended to be an angel and get to the bottom of things, to learn what kind of nonsense somebody she didn’t even know decided to stuff her life with. She wondered how much of her life so far had been plotted and directed for her without her knowledge, and how many of the things she thought she really wanted were just attempts at plot twists to liven up a really boring story.
“There is no predestination!” she decided, against the glaring light of the obvious. “There can’t be! I’m here, at this intersection, and I can go left, or I can go right, or I can decide not to move from the place. I don’t have to choose an option just because it’s there, do I?”
Back in her college years this conversation would have stretched over many hours, way into the morning, spinning in tighter and tighter loops of circular argument until it collapsed under its own weight. Back then she would have reached the conclusion that believing in predestination was just that, a belief: one either entertained it or one didn’t, and she didn’t.
Everything looked so normal she questioned the experiences of the morning and in the end she concluded that she must have imagined the whole thing. She decided she was way too stressed and she should rest for the rest of the weekend, instead of going out with friends, like she usually did. When she turned the corner on her street she noticed her apartment building wasn’t there. It is not easy to hang on to your belief that what you see isn’t real when what you see is the absence of your own home. She decided to walk by the place where she knew it was supposed to be, just to find out what it had been replaced with, but it hadn’t been replaced with anything, it was as if the whole stretch of houses that were so familiar to her had been expanded to fill the entire space. She walked all the way to the end of the street and when she turned around she saw her house, from a distance, plain as day, exactly where it was supposed to be.
“This isn’t good,” she thought, wondering how on earth she was going to explain this to her friends, if they ever happened to be with her during a circumstance like this, and since she didn’t know, she archived the subject for later, when she was well rested. The second she opened the door she was overwhelmed by a spicy fragrance of dried herbs and peppercorns. 
“I took the liberty to scatter a few surprises in your code, I hope you don’t mind.”
“Oh, my God, he’s still here!”
“Yes, I am. I see you managed to find your home.”
“The house wasn’t lost, I’m just not well, that’s all. I’ll sleep this off and feel a lot better tomorrow.”
“That is if you can find your bedroom,” Möbius couldn’t help himself, “sorry, sorry, really bad joke! Please let me explain what’s happening, because otherwise you’ll get caught on the wrong foot again and again.”
Jennifer sat down, resentful, not failing to notice her bedroom wasn’t there at the time anyway, so she might as well make the best of an unpleasant situation and listen increasingly bewildered and increasingly upset to the new story of her life. 
“So, you are telling me that you were in charge of drafting my life and you decided to make it end at twenty nine?!” she couldn’t believe her ears.
“We don’t choose the range and the gender, we just design the content.”
“So, if you make all my moves for me, what for would I ever go to Hell? Aren’t my choices your responsibility?”
“We don’t design your reactions to events, just the events themselves,” he clarified.
“Oh, so you make my life miserable but I’m not allowed to be angry about it?”
“I don’t understand why you are taking this out on me. Nobody cares about life ranges, they’re going around in circles anyway, over and over and over, all that matters is not holding up the line.”
“It matters to me!” Jennifer jumped out of her chair, aggravated.
“Well, the least you can do is be grateful for this door number three. You’re not dead, are you?”
“You mean I was supposed to be dead already? This is an outrage!”
“Can’t you enjoy this alternate existence, whatever form it may take? Take it from somebody who has seen way too many human life designs, this, what you have here, is a marked improvement.”
“I would enjoy it a lot more if I consistently managed to find my own bedroom.”
“I’m sorry about that, the code throws exceptions and I couldn’t figure out what is causing them. It wasn’t finished, it wasn’t supposed to be deployed like this.”
“Ah, so you messed up!”
“I wouldn’t exactly call it messed up, it was just not finished yet. Would you stop with the blaming for just one second and let me explain what’s going on?”
Jennifer crossed her arms and sulked in silence.
“The option I added at the end of your code,” he started.
“You mean the code where I was supposed to be dead already and take the soul elevator down because I didn’t appreciate being pushed around?” she couldn’t help herself.
“The option I added at the end of your code puts you in some sort of quantum state, where a variety of outcomes are likely to occur, randomly. For instance, next time your apartment isn’t there, just take another walk around the block, and when you get to the right place it is likely you will find it there.
“So, you’re telling me that I’m going to have to run circles around my own home until it shows up,” Jennifer snapped.
“If you have to put it that way. What is it with humans? They all seem so angry all the time!” Möbius asked, totally innocent and situationally unaware. He continued, as if nothing happened. “This applies to other things as well.”
“You mean like having my hand occasionally run through solid objects?”
“That’s a good example,” Möbius approved cheerfully.
“What if I fall through the earth’s core and come out in China?”
“That’s not very likely to happen,” Möbius replied unconvincingly.
“Why not?”
“Well, let’s not focus on potential problems, we’ll address things as they arise. Don’t forget I already wrote the whole code, I know you’ll be fine, alright?” Möbius protested.
“Yes, if you don’t mind walking through furniture.”
“Other things you might notice,” he coughed uncomfortably. “You know how humans are always constrained by their bodily contiguity?”
“You didn’t!” 
“I didn’t, in fact, it seems to have resulted. As I said, the code was not complete. I just wanted to tell you this in the very unlikely case it happens, so you don’t become concerned if, for instance, your midsection seems to be missing. In fact it is not missing, it is just somewhere else at the time. You shouldn’t experience any adverse effects as a result of that.”
‘This is a nightmare!” Jennifer exploded. 
“Things are bound to be a bit fuzzy at times, I’ll grant you that, but all in all, what a wonderful adventure!”
“So, not to be ungrateful, given that I’m still above ground for the foreseeable future, but what am I going to tell my family and my friends when these weird things happen?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t worry about that. The human brain can’t function in the absence of explanations about the information it receives from its environment. If an explanation is not available, the mind will do one of two things: make one up on the spot based on an assumption, even flawed, that expands on what it thinks it already knows, or simply refuse to see, hear or otherwise experience what is unfolding right in front of it. You could disassemble in the middle of the public square and people would find an explanation to reassure themselves that didn’t really happen.”

The next day was Monday, and, since she didn’t have any idea what else to do, she decided to stick to the old schedule and go to work. The receptionist, with whom she’d worked for almost two years, was adamant about the fact she’d never seen her before, and as Jennifer became more and more animated in her attempts to elicit recognition the young girl was ready to call security. Jennifer was saved by the coworker in the cubicle adjacent to hers, a woman with whom she had always had friendly interactions. The latter vouched for her, despite the receptionist’s protests, and let her in.
“This is impossible, nobody can live like this! What’s next? My mother doesn’t know who I am anymore? Not to mention the boyfriend, if he ever needed an excuse,” she pondered, alarmed, trying to assess how exactly she was to plan her continued existence going forward. When she arrived at her old desk, she found it covered in a simply excessive number of photographs depicting someone else’s family in every happy circumstance normal life provides, starting with the traditional wedding picture. Jennifer wondered which one in the happy couple was the current occupant of her desk, at the same time getting very uncomfortable about having her private workspace so violated.
For obvious reasons, she couldn’t sit there, so she grabbed a chair and spent a few minutes in her coworker’s cube.
“So, how have you been?” the latter asked cheerfully. “Oh, my God! It’s been so long! What are you doing with yourself these days?”
“Last time you saw me, forty eight hours ago, we made plans to have lunch together today,” Jennifer thought, sadly, but didn’t say anything out loud, because there was no point. “I’m fine, thank you. You know, work, family,” she responded, vague, careful not to commit herself to any verifiable details. “And you?” They made small talk for about fifteen minutes, after which they ran out of subjects and an uncomfortable silence fell between them. Jennifer was grateful for this opportunity to get the heck out of there.
“Well, I’ve got some errands to run, Millie, and you look like you’re busy, I don’t mean to keep you! I’m so glad we talked!”
“Oh, me too! What a surprise! We should do this more often, you know!” Millie answered, relieved to be able to get back to her tasks. Her mind started running over the details of the pile of work on her desk, trying to figure out their order of priorities. “Call me, will you? We’ll do lunch!”
“Definitely!” Jennifer smiled, shocked at her own ability to behave like all of this was normal and wondering if her face betrayed any of her internal turmoil. As she got into the elevator and pressed the ‘down’ button, a strangely familiar voice startled her from behind.
“I wouldn’t worry about that,” Möbius reassured her, “people are usually so involved in their own lives they barely notice anything in others’. Besides, you’re not part of her script, as far as she’s concerned, you’re an NPC.”
“What’s an NPC?” Jennifer blurted, confused.
“What century were you born in? You never played a computer game in your life? Oh, wait, don’t tell me, you were too busy.”
“You have some cheek to blame that on me! You wrote the damned program! Couldn’t you schedule some time for me to enjoy myself?”
“I apologize for that. As I said…” Möbius tried to excuse himself.
“Unfinished, yeah, yeah…” Jennifer continued in a really crabby mood. “What’s an NPC?” she snapped.
“A non-player character,” Möbius answered.
“You mean like an extra?” Jennifer got instantly aggravated.
“Something like that. Why are you offended, it’s not your life script!”
“No, mine just ended two days ago,” Jennifer’s irritation grew.
“Obviously not!” he pointed out the state of fact. 
Jennifer turned to him slowly, suddenly aware of the fact that this ‘else’ branch in her life scenario, the one that fundamental logic was never supposed to allow, was also fully written, all the way to the bitter end.
“WHAT DID YOU WRITE?!” she found herself screaming at the elevator wall, just as the door opened and a group of people she didn’t know stared right through her, as if she wasn’t there.
She went to the subway to make her way home, all the while seemingly invisible and walking right through gates and turnstiles, and when she got inside her apartment, she found Möbius waiting for her on the living room couch, with a morose expression on his face.
“Are you going to lurk over me permanently now?” Jennifer hissed, still furious about her dual nature of living and non-living entity.
“First of all, I’m not lurking, I’m guarding. Just because you humans can’t see us, it doesn’t mean we’re not always here. And second, I wish I could leave you to your fabulous existence, but I’m on assignment. I’m not supposed to leave until this situation is resolved.”
Jennifer’s face relaxed immediately in an irrepressible burst of laughter. “You mean you’re stuck babysitting?” she barely managed to utter between breaths, and the look on Möbius’ face didn’t help her settle down. She continued laughing until she got tired and when she was done, she wiped the tears off her face. Möbius was still pouting.
“I want to see the script,” she declared, suddenly serious.
“Why? Do you understand anything about programming?” he retorted, offended.
“You’ll explain it to me,” she continued her assertiveness streak.
“You mean, ‘Möbius, could you please explain it to me’” he corrected her.
“What are you going to do if I’m impolite, turn me into the living dead?” she retorted.
“I can still change that script, you know. I did maintain the admin rights. It wouldn’t kill you to be nicer.”
“It wouldn’t kill me to be more unpleasant either. Option three, remember?”
“Well, then, we can safely assume that you don’t want to know what’s in store for you in the current version of the code,” Möbius turned to a more persuasive perspective on the argument.
Jennifer turned quiet, pondering her choices. Surely, in this situation she would be better off knowing what was in the program ahead of time, even if it took the surprise factor out of her existence, especially if it took the surprise factor out of her existence. She’d had surprises before. She never liked them. 
She glanced out of the corner of her eye at Möbius, who was still sulking, to figure out what approach would have the best chance of success.
“I can still see you, you know! Humans are like ostriches, they think that if they can’t see you, you can’t see them.”
“You mean like, you can see us all the time?” Jennifer gulped.
“For the most part.”
“That’s awkward,” she thought, vastly uncomfortable.
“Yes, it is. You were saying?” Möbius turned around to face her.
Jennifer’s mind went back all the way to kindergarten to dig out from there the innocent and enthusiastic interest for what reality had to offer.
“Don’t bother,” he stared, displeased by her attempt at deception. “Here, for what it’s worth,” he brought up the current version of her alternate life code on her laptop.
She looked at it intently, in a desperate attempt to fake understanding.
“This is not your workplace, you know. You don’t have to pretend you know what you’re doing, I am fully aware you can’t possibly understand any of this. Why are you doing this to yourself, by the way?”
“Doing what?”
“Putting up a facade,” he continued.
“For the very reason facades were invented in the first place. They look better than what’s underneath,” she replied innocently.
“Not always,” Möbius frowned. “What would you like to know?”
“Aahm, let’s start with the range,” Jennifer started, her voice stifled by fear, “I’d like to know how much time I have.”
“First, time is a very relative concept in this context, as you could easily tell from your interaction with your coworker, and second, ranges only apply to the ‘if alive’ branch. You are not in it.”
“So, what does that mean, exactly?” Jennifer asked, hopeful. “Does that mean I’m never going to die?”
“Logically, you can’t die because that would put you in the branch where you are no longer alive, and there you are not.”
“Whatever! Does that mean my time here is unlimited?” Jennifer continued.
“Your time here was unlimited to begin with, because your essence, whether it is in the body or out of it, goes on forever.”
“Can you just give me a yes or no answer, please? I hate the philosophical interpretations.”
“Yes.”
“And you are going to be here forever also?”
“Not if I can help it. I’m supposed to fix your script so I can finally go back to my tasks,” he replied, trying to convince himself that going back to rewrite boilerplate specifications was the desirable outcome of this situation. “Any questions of a more practical nature, please?”
“Can you turn me into a cat?” Jennifer asked, really curious.
“Of all the things…” Möbius thought, flabbergasted by the inane human propensity to come up with preposterous hypotheticals. “Why would I turn you into a cat?” he couldn’t help himself, and regretted the question the second it left his lips.
“I don’t know,” Jennifer mumbled. “If I had the ability to turn a person into a cat, I’d probably try it.”
“Thank Heavens for the wisdom of not giving humans that ability!” Möbius continued, shocked. “Yes, I probably could. Why? Do you want to be a cat?”
“No,” Jennifer hesitated. “Just wondering.”
“This is hopeless,” Möbius thought, but maintained his calm. “Remind me to never underestimate the guardian angels again. Martyrs, they are! How they put up with this full time is beyond me!”
“What’s that?” Jennifer pointed to a random line of code, just because it looked funny to her.
“How on earth did you…” Möbius fell back, genuinely surprised. “Do you understand what that means?”
“No.”
“So, why did you ask about that specific line, then?” he prodded.
“I just felt like it. What does it say?”
“Well, I don’t want to give away the surprise, but it says that in three years you are going to be a famous singer,” he announced proudly.
“I don’t have a singing voice,” Jennifer protested.
“You do now.”
“But I don’t want to be a singer,” Jennifer protested again, softly.
“Why not? It sounds like great fun to me,” Möbius frowned. He had given this scenario a lot of thought and figured it would be a sure winner.
Jennifer didn’t know how to answer, she just shrugged, embarrassed.
“What do you want to do, then?” Möbius asked.
“I don’t know, I never thought about it.”
“You mean you reached the age of twenty nine and you have no idea what you would like to do if you had no limitations?”
“Pretty much, yeah,” Jennifer agreed.
“How? How do you get to be so dispassionate about your own life? You know what? Don’t answer. We’ll start from scratch. If anything were possible, what would you like to do?”
Jennifer thought about it for a few minutes, and then suggested, in a tentative tone of voice.
“Well, if anything were possible, for instance, I’d like to be able to alter the properties of matter, you know, water into wine, that sort of thing,” she said, blushing to the root of her hair and looking down. “See inside the structure of solid objects, like a magnetic resonance machine.”
“You want to have superpowers,” Möbius replied, perplexed.
“Sounds a bit presumptuous when you put it that way. You can do that, can’t you?” Jennifer asked, starry eyed.
“Of course I can do that, I’m an angel, that’s not the point!” Möbius protested.
“So?”
“Ok,” he evaluated the data, “at least that gives me a little background about your aspirations, however unreasonable they may be,” he continued frowning. “Good grief,” he thought, “now I have to rewrite that whole portion of the code, custom designed and with no reference to the standard specs. Afael will never let me hear the end of it!” He continued out loud. “Why do you want the gift of transmutation, is there something in particular that you want to do with it?”
“No, I just thought it could come in handy, you know, on occasion,” Jennifer blushed further, if that were possible. “It was just an example, it doesn’t have to be that, specifically. It can be something else.”
“Let me guess, you’d like to be able to teleport,” Möbius retorted.
“That could be interesting also,” Jennifer agreed eagerly, missing the sarcasm.
“Jennifer,” he continued kindly, “these are not things I can usually write in a human chart, I’m not sure I could get approval for any of this. Why don’t we go for something practical, like, for instance, you could be independently wealthy, you could travel, see every corner of the earth, never have another care in the world!” He stopped when he noticed that Jennifer’s eyes had welled up with tears. “Ok, fine, I’ll make a special request! I still don’t understand what’s wrong with a pampered lifestyle!”
“I’m not exactly ‘the living’ anymore! I’m walking through solid matter and half the time people can’t even see me!” she blurted between sobs. “I thought if I’d do my chores here, and try to be good, then when I died I’d go to Heaven, and there I would be free to do anything I wanted, and now I’m stuck neither here nor there, tied to this world forever!”
“What made you think you’d be able to do anything you wanted in Heaven?!” he replied, wide eyed with amazement. He’d written plenty of heavenly afterlives back in the day and none of them ever featured the supernatural wonderland Jennifer apparently expected. They were mostly peaceful, loving and accepting, but otherwise pretty normal looking. He’d always thought that making the afterlife look radically different from life on earth would unsettle and distress the spirits.
“If not in Heaven, then where?” Jennifer continued sobbing, really disheartened by the thought her potential paradise did not have all the bells and whistles.

“No, don’t bring any of your stuff to me,” Afael continued walking fast away from his office, determined not to get dragged into Möbius’ current quandary. “It’s your problem, you deal with it, I don’t want to hear anything about it!”
“But I need to get your approval on something,” Möbius tried to communicate his issue to Afael’s swiftly departing back. “I’ll take that as a yes,” he mumbled to himself.
“Deal with it, Möbius,” Afael’s voice reverberated in the tall hallway, long after he was already far away.
“Jennifer,” Möbius thought, “it looks like it’s your lucky day.” 
He felt really uncomfortable being back there, in the vast Hall of Human Life Design, where everything looked so far removed from his current situation there seemed to be no way he could find any solutions for it there. He was mad at his charge, although in all fairness she wasn’t responsible for any of this mess; if only he hadn’t succumbed to boredom and given in to unsanctioned creativity, he wouldn’t be scrambling for solutions right now.
“What on earth does she need superpowers for?” he continued ruminating. “She couldn’t tell transhumanism from a hole in the ground, heck, she couldn’t even figure out what to do with a normal life, and now she wants me to write her a transcendent one. Why am I even listening, the woman wants me to turn her into a cat, for crying out loud!”
He sat at his desk, writing and rewriting variations on the life of Supergirl, all of which he found revolting in principle. The triteness of the scenarios, born of blatantly unsophisticated aspirations, offended his design sensibilities, and after a few attempts at polishing them he threw the whole lot aside, disgusted.
“Ok, Jennifer. You want special, you get special, but I’m not turning you into a comics character, because I do have my standards.” He started over, smiling vaguely at the story that was unfolding inside his mind.
The next morning, Jennifer woke up to an eerie scene: a large hall, like one would see in a museum, but mostly empty, the way it would be between exhibits, hidden from the public eye. It was white, as much as she could tell, since it wasn’t very well lit; mobile partitions leaned against the walls and large decorative elements piled up in corners. In the dim lighting it looked more like a giant and disorganized storage room. There was wall to wall carpet on the floor, the generic heavy traffic looped carpet one usually finds in public spaces. She noticed the carpet was the only object in the room that wasn’t white.
In her confused state between sleeping and waking, Jennifer didn’t realize where she was at first, surprised to find herself laying on the floor in what looked like an abandoned warehouse, where the surroundings struck her as incongruous rather than scary. As her waking state chased away the shadows of dreaming, reason kicked in to announce this was not where she went to sleep the night before. She got up and headed for one of the exits, which were clearly designated with lit signs hanging from the ceiling, but they all led to more exhibit space, also in the process of changing. She walked around for a while, not sure whether she was going in circles, since all the rooms looked more or less the same, except for the random piles of display materials stored here and there, away from the main path.
“Try to familiarize yourself with it, you’ll be here often,” Möbius suggested softly, careful not to startle her.
“Where are we?” Jennifer asked. She didn’t seem to be disturbed by the fact that her environment had changed without warning, like the theater decors between acts.
“This is unconstructed space,” Möbius explained. “A sandbox of sorts, if you want. It’s all yours, feel free to experiment.”
“With what?” 
“With creating reality,” he replied.
“I can create my own reality?” Jennifer asked, incredulous.
“To a certain degree,” he agreed. “And only for yourself, don’t start messing with other people’s lives. In fact you’ll notice it's difficult to do that, there are some safety protocols in place. Gravity still works, the atmosphere stays on, water still flows downhill.”
“Is this…” Jennifer hesitated to ask.
“Real? That all depends on how you define reality. It is one level up from what you would normally consider the world as you know it, but I can assure you it’s every bit as real. Let’s say it has one more dimension than you’re used to.”
“How many levels are there?” Jennifer asked.
“An infinite number.”
“And have you seen all of them?”
“Of course not, hence the word infinite: no matter how many one has seen, there is always one more,” Möbius replied annoyed. “On this level you can create blueprints, if you want to call them that, of reality. Prototypes, models, schematics.”
“How on earth do you create reality schematics?” Jennifer asked with a bewildered look on her face.
“Let me demonstrate,” Möbius said. “Do you like cats?” Jennifer loved cats, and the question was mostly rhetorical, since Möbius had been the one who wrote liking cats into her script. “Let me think, a Siamese, no! An Egyptian black cat,” he kept thinking out loud, while the outline of a cat, no bigger than Jennifer’s palm, started taking shape on the carpet, right in front of her feet. It looked like a little plastic toy, but it was clearly a black cat, and it sported a large golden collar around its neck, to symbolize its superior status. “They used to be worshiped like gods back in the day, it seems they never forgot it,” he joked. “Pick it up.” 
She looked at the little cat toy, not sure what to do with it. It didn’t look special in any way, even though it had materialized out of thin air.
“What am I supposed to do with it?” she asked.
“Keep it for now, you’ll see when the time is right. Now, let me explain what this space is. Everything you create in here will seep into the lower reality sooner or later. It isn’t always true to your prototype, there are directions and constraints that polish your concept and infuse it with a variety of influences, but it should be easily recognizable, even in its altered form. When people first arrive here they are tempted to create material goods of some sort, because they think within the boundaries of the reality they are used to, but your blueprints can be for anything. Anything that goes through your head will take shape here, in one way or another. And no, you’re not allowed to subjugate your boyfriend’s will so that he behaves the way you want him to, it’s against spiritual laws.” Since Jennifer was just planning on doing that, she didn’t object to the chastising. He continued. “The rule is very simple: you don’t do anything to another person that you wouldn’t like done to you. Everything you do will return to you multiplied. See the advantage of doing good?”
“What if I don’t want a specific thing returned to me multiplied?” Jennifer asked innocently.
“You mean like you don’t really want three castles in France?” Möbius clarified.
“Something like that,” Jennifer replied.
“Well, we’ll get to that later. In the beginning, just make sure you don’t get three thunderbolts hitting you in the head,” Möbius warned. “This is also a good place to learn how to control your quantum state, that could be useful, right?” 
“Useful in what way?”
“So you can chose, for instance, whether or not you want to be visible or walk through solid matter,” he explained.
“You mean I can do that at will?” Jennifer jumped at the chance, hopeful.
“In time. Like everything, it takes practice. You’ll get the hang of it eventually.”
“You said other people, there are other people in this space?” Jennifer asked.
“If you want them to show up, they might, but everybody has their own sandbox, where they can do whatever they wish. This is your playground.”
“Why does it look so desolate?” Jennifer looked around, uncomfortable. The space had the distressing look of a messy party hall in the crude light of the morning, after all the guests had left.
“Because that’s how you feel, Jennifer. This is your state of mind, if you don’t like it, change it. You can’t exist exclusively to execute other people’s orders, no matter how much you care about them. Don’t you have anything that is precious to you, regardless of what anybody thinks?”
“Not really,” Jennifer answered, without thinking.
“Do you want me to rephrase the question?” Möbius frowned, doing his best not to lose his temper. Jennifer looked at him, confused.
“Assuming nobody told you what to do or what to think, what would your life look like?” 
The confused expression on Jennifer’s face made it clear she had no understanding of the concept.
“I see,” he sighed, resigned. “Let’s try another approach. It’s Saturday morning, you are all by yourself and you have no chores. What do you do?”
“I’d call my mother,” she replied.
“No!” Möbius snapped. “You’re not allowed to call anybody, not your mother, not your girlfriends, not your parish priest!”
“You mean I have to be all alone?” Jennifer started whimpering pitifully, but Möbius didn’t relent.
“That’s right. All alone! Poor Jennifer!” he mocked.
“But I don’t want to be all alone!” Jennifer protested, outraged.
“Assume you’re dead.”
“But you said…” she started again.
“Jennifer, surely all those years you spent in college familiarized you with the concept of a theoretical argument. Just assume there is nobody else to fill up your schedule for the foreseeable future and come up with something to occupy your time.”
“Anything?” Jennifer played for time. “You mean it doesn’t have to be something useful?”
“There is no such thing as something useful. You assign usefulness to an object or activity, based on your own mindset. Stop worrying about giving the wrong answer, there is no right or wrong answer here.”
“I see meaningless slogans haven’t gotten lost on their way to Heaven,” Jennifer thought. She hated this fake encouragement to express one’s true opinions so much! It was always insincere, always condescending, and she couldn’t remember a single time when speaking her mind did not result in a consequence that damaged her interests in some way.
“Never mind,” Möbius frowned again. “I see there is a lot of damage in this area, it would be unwise to press on it right now.” How did the standard specifications result in a complete wipe out of human will and dignity was not a problem he was eager to look at, but there was something very wrong about them, something that wrecked desolation on the very core of the soul. “No wonder she didn’t mind checking out early. If I believed I had no freedom to choose my own path, or even know what that path was, I wouldn’t mind it either.” But she was right, there was no freedom, not with a script to follow and somebody else to write it. He felt guilty for a moment for being what he was, and then realized the reason humans had life scripts in the first place was they couldn’t see enough levels of existence to allow them to design their own lives. He lingered for a moment between the moral obligation to guide humankind and the option of letting it run fast and loose with no rudder towards haphazard, potentially devastating results, and at the end of the analysis he couldn’t figure out which choice was worse. The ultimate sucker’s bet, if he ever saw one. The atmosphere had turned dreary and Jennifer had that absent look on her face, the one he noticed whenever life got the better of her. If she didn’t like what was happening to her, she just let her body run on autopilot and sent her soul only God knows where. Möbius decided to lighten up the mood.
“Would you like to experience what it’s like being a cat?” he generously offered.
“Not right now,” Jennifer replied disheartened. “How do I go back to normal?”
“Just count down from seven,” he gave up.


 JENNIFER 2.0.1

Normally, Jennifer would have questioned her recent experiences, she would have run them through the sieve of reason and dismissed them as the result of excessive stress or, possibly, mind altering substances, but there comes a point in one’s interaction with the truth where things just get too weird to be plastered over with rationalizations. They got so weird, in fact, that she didn’t feel safe, or grounded, in this place that used to be so familiar, and yearned to go back to that new sandbox upstairs which, at least, provided her with some shelter and quiet space to think and be with herself. The world had turned, overnight, into uncharted territory, a place where everything could happen, and goodness knows, the expectation of what ‘everything’ could be had been significantly expanded from what she used to assume. Nothing was what she thought it was: not her life, not her job, not her friends, not her love life, not her home, not her wherewithal, not her future, not even her mother.
If somebody had asked her, right then and there, how she was going to cope with the changes, she would have told them that she wasn’t able to, but there was nobody there to ask her, or notice, no immediate need or obligation to attend to, no plans for the future, and nothing permanent, not even death. For a few hours she contemplated the fact she might have, in fact, died and gone to hell, and this was to be her eternal punishment, tumbling through a constantly morphing existence with all her anchors to reality cut. After she was done feeling sorry for herself, she looked around and had to admit that if this was hell, it felt quite posh and comfortable: the sun was shining through the dense foliage of the magnolia tree in front of her window, the birds were singing up a storm and the perfume of the barely open magnolia flowers suffused the air.
Jennifer felt unsettled and she couldn’t tell why, and upon further analysis she realized this was the first time in her life when she didn’t have anything to do. She opened her planner and stared at the delineation mark, May 21st, which stood like a rift between the before and the now. Every page was blank after that day, and even the recurring activities which she had diligently scribbled down ahead of time, so she would not forget about them, were gone without a trace. 
“This is your time of death, Jennifer,” she told herself. “Face it, you are dead.” She remembered stories she had heard about people who died and didn’t know it, and who continued to roam the earth for centuries, unaware of the passing of time or the changes in their environment. “I’m not going to stick around as an earthbound ghost!” she decided. She scrubbed her mind for whatever information she could remember about ghosts and spirits, subjects she had never paid attention to before, because, frankly, she considered them fairy tales, and remembered she was supposed to look for the light, whatever that was. She looked and looked, but no light appeared anyway, and after a while she got tired and her feet went to sleep because she’d been sitting on them for too long. She waited, unnerved, for the pins and needles to go away, mulling in her mind the absurdity of not being done with this irritating physical sensation nonsense, now that she was, supposedly, here only in spirit. She was startled from her rumination by a very insistent doorbell.
“Jen! I’ve been calling for ten minutes, have you forgotten? We were supposed to meet for lunch today,” her former coworker chirped cheerfully. “Come on, I don’t have much time, I can’t be late from my break, I have a meeting.” She grabbed Jennifer with one hand, and Jennifer’s purse with the other, and pushed her friend firmly out the door into the street. 
“But I’m not ready,” Jennifer wanted to protest, because she thought she’d spent all her time since waking up in her pajamas, pondering whether she was living or dead, and was shocked to notice that she was, in fact, all dressed up and ready to go.
“You should tell me all about that new consulting business of yours,” her friend continued, excited. “You know, I miss our chats, I was really sad when you quit your job, but I see how this could be so much better for you.”
“But I didn’t quit my job,” Jennifer thought, and was just about to ask her friend for details about the new consulting business she supposedly had now.
“Come on, Jennifer, don’t be holding out on me. What kind of work are you doing?” her friend stared, curious.
“What on earth am I going to say now? I have no idea what it is people think I’m doing, I’m going to get my ears caught in my own story the second I open my mouth!” Jennifer started to panic. “Calm down, Jennifer! Calm down, Jennifer!” As she calmed down, situational awareness returned. “What am I talking about? If I’m already dead all of this should be irrelevant. I could tell her I’m trading spices in Zanzibar for all it would matter.” For a second, just a short second, she was really tempted to construct a story based on this particular legend, only to realize, to her chagrin, that she didn’t know enough about Zanzibar to make it borderline believable. “I should have paid more attention in school, maybe I could have learned something about that place. Why don’t I know anything about anything?” she thought, mad at herself for her own ignorance.
“That’s ok if you can’t tell me, I don’t mean to pry,” her former colleague misinterpreted her hesitation. “I’m just happy for you, that’s all, you look great, this new life really seems to agree with you.” The coworker continued munching on her salad. “I envy you, you know? It’s a zoo at work, but you do remember, don’t you?” Jennifer did remember. “Oh, my God! Look at the time!” the former jumped to her feet, almost upturning the table in the process. “I’m late for a meeting, I’m going to be in so much trouble! Can you settle the tab, Jen? I’m sorry to leave you like this!” she said, embarrassed, dropped a couple of bills on the table and ran out the door.
Jennifer waited for the check and after she was finished she found herself again with nothing to do. She got out of the restaurant and walked the streets she knew so well for a good half hour, eagerly seeking anything at all that stood out from the ordinary. She found nothing. She turned the corner onto her street, half expecting the house to not be there, but it was. “No sane person doubts whether they will find their home at its regular address, Jennifer,” she told herself. “You really need help.” She walked up the steps, convinced that this whole deal about life and death was the result of delusional thinking, and when she reached the door she found a kitten on the doormat. A black kitten.
It was very cute and friendly, and bolted into Jennifer’s house the moment the door opened.
“This isn’t happening!” Jennifer’s newly acquired conviction dissolved in the mist of uncertainty.
“That was fast,” Möbius looked at his watch, pleased. “What was it, fourteen hours? Not bad for a beginner.”
“You are not here,” Jennifer continued nursing her state of denial. “None of this is real, it’s all in my head.” She stared at the kitten, who was very much there and looked back at her with large, curious eyes. It meowed loudly and then started wandering through the kitchen in search of kibble. “You are not here!” she said out loud. Möbius crumpled a sheet of paper and threw it at her head. It hurt.
“Jennifer, could you please summon a modicum of focus, you’re all over the place,” he continued, calm. “This is what comes from letting other people draft your life script for you, now you have a secret mission in Zanzibar, please thank your friend.”
“You should be talking! You’re the one writing life scripts for us poor humans,” Jennifer started a fight, forgetting for a moment that she was talking to someone who was not supposed to exist.
“At least I’m reasonably competent at it,” Möbius mumbled, displeased. “I’m not sure this was a good idea, I’d rather write your life for you than watch your coworkers, third cousins twice removed and the guy who’s temping as a mail man write it for you. If you don’t manage to summon some focus or find an area of interest, everybody is going to stuff your life full with drab details. It pains me to look!”
“That’s not true! I am my own person!” Jennifer protested, unconvinced, remembering how she’d been literally dragged out of the house to the restaurant and back, with no input form her part. Even the kitten had been Möbius’ idea. How on earth did it show up, anyway, she wondered. He must have brought it, she was sure of it.
“Enjoy Zanzibar,” he burst her bubble. “Such denial, I’m at my wit’s end! What do I need to do to convince you?”
“You brought the cat,” she confronted him.
“In a manner of speaking,” he contemplated the accuracy of the sentence. “Give it some time, you’ll figure it out. By the way, I think your kitten is hungry, there must be some cat food in the cupboard.”
“Why would I keep cat food in the house?” Jennifer asked, irritated.
“For the cat, of course,” Möbius replied.
“But I don’t have a cat!” she snapped.
“Could have fooled me,” he pointed at the black kitten, who was very much there and looked hungry indeed.
Jennifer gave up on trying to find an explanation, opened the cupboard, where she found the cat food, filled the kitty bowl and placed it on the floor. The kitten started munching eagerly.
“It doesn’t have a golden collar,” she noticed.
“Finally! You’re paying attention!” Möbius blurted, exasperated.

Courtesy of her secret-secret ‘consultant’ gig in Zanzibar, Jennifer didn’t have to worry about explaining her daily activities for a while. Her friend had inadvertently given her the gift of a plausible life story, and she used it, grateful, to allay worries and curiosity from one and all. 
“But what will I do about basic necessities?” she made one final effort to protest.
“What did you do about the cat food?” Möbius pointed out the obvious. “Are we done now? We need to go out.”
They took a leisurely stroll along the neighborhood streets, all the way to the old city center, a charming place that Jennifer loved, because it was filled with small shops, ice cream parlors and cafes and it always made her feel like she was on vacation. She didn’t notice them at first, but as they got closer to their destination, cats seemed to show up from everywhere. The old city center was swarming with friendly felines, most of them black, perched on top of white picket fences, looking down from the rooftops, lounging under the cafe tables and chairs, and curled up in the concrete planters, in the shade of broad foliage. 
Moreover, there were cat posters in the window of the framing center, cat covers for the books on display at the bookstore, and cat commercials on TV at the pub. Nervous about this unexpected discovery, Jennifer spilled her coffee on the table, and the black liquid settled in the vague shape of a cat.
“This is surreal!” Jennifer whispered, mostly to herself, and was surprised to hear Möbius reply.
“This is design,” he said.
“Won’t people call somebody to take me away if they see me talking to myself?” she asked, slightly uncomfortable.
“Why would they?” Möbius patted Jennifer’s hand to reassure her. “I’m very much here.”
“What’s with all the cats?” she eventually managed to ask, fresh out of her original shock.
“The prototype was a little vague, it’s what we call the long tail of intent. You get echoes, reverberations of the original design.” He pointed at one of the book covers in the bookstore window. “See? That one has a collar.”
“So, what’s going to happen now? We’re going to overpopulate the world with black cats?” Jennifer asked, worried.
“No. The trend fades after a while, when you no longer pay attention to your original intent. It’s going to be a while, though.”
Jennifer was still staring at the cats, incredulous.
“Interest and focus are your most precious currencies, Jennifer,” he continued. “Don’t waste them on things you don’t want.”
They finished their coffee in the mellow light of the sunset, and as she watched the sun go down behind the hills in the distance, Jennifer noticed their darkened contours too were approximating the outline of a cat.
Möbius had been right twice that day: the cat trend lasted for a while and everybody found a reason to rationalize it away, that is if they noticed it at all. It is amazing how little time people spend paying attention to their surroundings. As long as strange occurrences can reasonably fit into the context people accept as real, no one gives them a second thought. Who has time to waste on acknowledging a sudden jump in cat population?

As time went by, Jennifer settled into this new ‘life’, if she could call it that; Möbius was a stickler for clarity and corrected her every time she tried to call her continued existence by the wrong name. She’d given the matter some thought and chose some monikers to describe it more accurately, among which ‘being’ and ‘presence’ competed for the title.
“That’s the problem with humans, you can’t see beyond your experiences,” Möbius complained. “You think only in terms of life and death, because those are the only states you know. ‘Presence’”, he mocked. “What are you, a ghost?”
“Am I?” Jennifer jumped to the chance.
“I’m not going to dignify that with an answer. You’re wasting my time.” He got up to leave. “Listen, since you’re so bent on ‘living’ so to speak, go, live, get it out of your system. You have plenty of time. I’ll be around if you change your mind.”
Jennifer watched him disappear, wondering if he really meant it and half expecting him to pop back in the other room. He didn’t. A week passed, then a month, then two months, which she spent reorganizing her music collection and visiting her mother, who, as always, had some suitable potential dates lined up for her and deplored the absence of grandchildren. She went shopping, she went out for coffee, she read many books, she watched movies, she witnessed the cat trend slowly dissipate and she entertained very deep philosophical thought about the nature of existence. After two months she got bored. 
“This is absolutely unacceptable!” Jennifer was outraged. “It is completely unacceptable to have a life script that can’t even hold one’s own interest for more than two months! I wish I could strangle Möbius for writing such a drab scenario for me, don’t they have any standards?” She paused for a second to acknowledge that the only reason she had any awareness her life was not all that was because she’d been offered this broader perspective, this option three, ‘being’ she decided to call it, so as not to offend the angel, and would her existence have continued on its normal path, she would have been too tired from worrying about every one of its little pointless details to even think of needing a purpose. Come to think of it, according to the know-it-all, she was supposed to be dead by now. 
She moped about these two versions of her, both equally unpalatable, and went back to version number three.
“Surely given ample time and lack of hardship I should be able to find something to do with myself, I’m not really that bland, am I?” she looked at herself in the mirror, and her reflection stared her back, unconvinced. “Think, Jennifer!” she pressed. “What do you like to do?”
That thought provided her with material for a couple of hours of thinking. She went through all her childhood hobbies, since that was the last time when she had had a few hours to spend on herself, and dug up scrap-booking and stamp collecting, baking and a few other activities that promised to be somewhat fun. 
“I can’t spend eternity collecting stamps!” she blurted at her mirror reflection. “What kind of person is offered eternal life and plans to spend it collecting stamps! Face it, Jennifer, you really are boring!”
She felt a little bit like poor lottery winners who, faced with a vast fortune, can’t make up their mind on how to spend it and hold on to their experience of lack because they are too afraid of a new life that offers so much promise but feels so unfamiliar. 
“I should do something worthwhile with this chance,” she pepped herself up. “I ought to!” 
Life is ironic. It always gives you things you didn’t know you wanted when you least expect them, and then makes it absolutely impossible for you to avail yourself of them, or live without them. Or with them. Add immortality to the mix and you got yourself a gigantic cosmic joke. God’s jokes tend to run a bit on the side of larger than life. Just because one has the time, the means and the opportunity, that doesn’t necessarily mean one has the talent and the passion to put them to good use; Jennifer assumed Möbius either forgot or didn’t have time to write those last two variables into the script. 
After much soul searching, which ended up revealing layer after boring layer of uninspiring thought, she was surprised to realize she really missed unconstructed space, which she didn’t get much of a chance to explore during her short visit, and wished she could go back there and try to grow a bean sprout, or make a puffy cloud or something, that sounded fun. She wondered how on earth she could go back there without calling Möbius, who would surely patronize her and roll his eyes. She sighed, defeated, got dressed and decided to go for a walk to clear her mind, and when she opened the front door she recognized the familiar lines of the empty exhibition space, even the way they were, shrouded in darkness. A sensor detected her presence and all the lights went on, as if on command.
“Ask and ye shall receive,” Jennifer mumbled to herself, not knowing whether to be delighted or afraid. The unconstructed space looked exactly the way she remembered it from last time, a little messy and impersonal, as it is fitting for a place that must accommodate any personality or demand. She liked it though, because with all the weird things that had been thrown at her lately, it seemed to offer some consistency and stability in the middle of endless sudden shifts. She looked around for a place to sit, and a generic chair appeared. It was clunky and uncomfortable and even looking at it made Jennifer’s rear end hurt, so she gave it a little thought, while she watched changes slowly taking place: first a cushion, then some armrests, then some adjustments to the curve of its back; when the modifications were finished, she sat in the chair, half expecting it to dematerialize and let her fall on her bum, but it didn’t. It felt reasonably comfortable and Jennifer burst out laughing at the thought that if and when she decided to return to reality, she would very likely find that chair in her room, as well as almost everywhere else. 
“There must be some controls to adjust the quantities, I can’t populate the universe with whatever random thought crosses my mind,” she noted wisely. This concept prompted her to take a brief look around, which revealed an amorphous array of things, completely unrelated to each other - the inventory of her undisciplined mind: clouds, hats, purses, a horse, silver candlesticks, a carved wooden armoire, and last but not least, so many mirrors! She could see herself in all of them and for a second she panicked that she had created endless copies of herself before she regained her wits and realized they were only reflections. 
“Jennifer,” she thought to herself, “if you have any brains at all, you’ll call Möbius right now, before you accidentally start modifying the composition of Earth’s atmosphere.” She thought he would appear, like everything else had appeared in this space, but it seemed summoning an angelic presence was beyond her current capabilities. She was peeved. “And to think I trusted him to turn me into a superhero.”
“I never agreed to turn you into a superhero,” he protested. 
“How did you know,” Jennifer mumbled, embarrassed. “I didn’t call you,” she protested.
“Of course you did. You think like a human. What seems to be the problem?” He looked around, slightly amused by the jumbled mix. “It looks like you’ve got some cleaning to do. Not that,” he pointed out, upon watching Jennifer try to move some of the stuff around to make a path through the mess. “Your brain.”
He bent down and picked up an object which was gleaming softly under a pile of blankets and folded laundry. It was a golf club. He stared at it in disbelief for a second, trying to figure out the thought process behind its creation. A horrible thought froze Jennifer into a wretched panic when it dawned on her all of these random objects were now populating the earth and creating an abhorrent mess.
“Don’t worry about the atmosphere,” Möbius replied to her first panicked thought, “I told you, we have safety protocols in place. You’re not the first person to bless the world with chairs.” He put the golf club down, cleaned his hands and continued. “I see you found your way back here, that’s encouraging. You had enough of normal ‘life’, I take it?”
“What life?” Jennifer frowned, forgetting about all the mess she’d created and finding her way back to being dissatisfied with the quality of her script.
“Wow there, sport! Put it on pause first, or you’re not going to like the world you’ll have to go back to. No negatives, got it?”
Never in her life did Jennifer get something with more unquestionable clarity. A little rose bush blossomed at her feet in response to her retreating into happy thoughts.
“Can I go home now, please? I don’t think I’m safe here,” Jennifer whimpered.
“Sadly, Jennifer, you can’t escape your cognitive mess by running away from it. What makes you think you’ll be safer back in reality while harboring the same thoughts? Put some order inside your mind and you’ll be safe anywhere. Especially here.” She looked despondent, so he have up. “Ok, fine. Let’s take you home.”
The chair was waiting for them there, naturally, and so was the golf club, the unexpected object which seemed to amuse Möbius to no end.
“May I ask…” he started, picking it up again and staring at it.
“No!” Jennifer grabbed it out of his hands and threw it back on the floor.
“Never mind, no need to get upset over it. Just curious, is all.”

“Why is all of this stuff still here?” Jennifer snapped, annoyed that all the mess she had conjured the week before was waiting for her in the exhibition space exactly as she had left it, only it seemed worse now that she had decided to actually look at it. She was somehow hoping this miraculous sandbox of hers was self-cleaning, so she would always find it spotless when she returned. 
“Oh, because you think all of your future projects will only take a couple of hours?” Möbius asked. “Of course the sandbox isn’t automatically cleaned out, you should hope so. You decide what stays and what goes; usually that is a good thing, right now, not so much. Need help sorting out all of this stuff?”
“I think I need a giant trash bin for everything to fit in. There is nothing here worth keeping,” Jennifer looked around at the random piles of junk.
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that. Why don’t you try sorting these objects before you throw them away, just put some labels on them, see what you made?”
“It would be much easier to start over,” Jennifer mumbled. “Not worth the effort.”
“Remember what I told you, Jennifer, nothing is useful or worthless, you assign it the value of useful or worthless. It’s all you, this,” he pointed at the large, poorly lit room, filled to the ceiling with piles of random junk, “is all you. You must have cared enough to create all of this, you can’t create things you don’t care about. My bet is half of this stuff is generated by negative emotions: anger, frustration, guilt. That’s why sorting them is important, so, please, indulge me, will you? Besides, I really want to know about the golf club, that’s a concept so strong it followed you home on the first try, it must be very important to you, and, judging by your reaction, in an unpleasant way.”
“Why don’t you tell me, since you wrote the living code?” Jennifer tried to avoid the question.
“It can’t be that detailed, otherwise all the hosts wouldn’t have enough time to keep up with the replacement rate.”
“You know, the more I learn about this, the less I want to know. I’m a person, not a head count. Why don’t you leave me alone to sort my garbage in peace?”
“Not this time, I’m afraid,” he found a chair in the pile, dusted it and sat down. “I think you should start, this is going to take a while.”
It took the whole day, and at the end of it everything was neatly sorted into piles of like stuff; surprisingly there were way too many objects but not that many piles. 
“You know, you could have made yourself a sorter, that way you wouldn’t have had to do all of this by hand.”
“Thanks for the belated advice,” she snapped. She was tired, cranky and shocked at the large number of blankets piling up in the corner. What was the usefulness of having an angel watch over you if you had to do everything by yourself? Blankets! Of all the things in the world! “I should open a store, I seem to have produced enough of them!”
“But just one golf club,” Möbius noted.
“Enough with the golf club!” Jennifer lost the last of her patience.
“My point is, whatever you created in one of those piles corresponds to a recurrent wish. Say you wanted a TV, you ordered it and it didn’t arrive, so you ordered another TV, which also didn’t arrive, and so on and so forth, but you didn’t know that the delivery time, depending on the supplier, was four to six weeks. By the end of two months you’d be swimming in TV’s and won’t have any resources left for anything else. One or two beautiful blankets would have been enough.”
“Apparently in this case the delivery time was over thirty years,” Jennifer commented bitterly.
“Your blankets never arrived, did they?”
“It’s not about the blankets,” she growled.
“It’s never about the blankets. That’s why you had to sort this out all by yourself. You don’t really need all this stuff, Jennifer. Everybody has different piles occupying the corners of their sand box, and everybody is trying to hide them. I guess there is nothing more humiliating to people than a secret wish that was never fulfilled.”
“Who are you to judge me?” Jennifer got suddenly furious. “It’s not like I haven’t heard enough psychobabble in my life. Come to think of it there’s probably a symbolic pile of it crowding up a corner somewhere, if I waste my time to find it.”
“I’m not judging you. I can’t even understand you. Angels don’t have the same emotions humans do. I just wanted to tell you you can have anything you want in here. You don’t need to stockpile, you just wish it and it is done. Delivery times only apply to the world below.”
“Maybe I should move here, then. At least until things make their way downstairs.” Jennifer inferred the next logical step. “I’d have to clean up all this mess first. I wonder if I can make a sunset in here,” she hesitated, still caught up in the web of things that were and were not possible. She was, for all practical purposes, indoors.


 JENNIFER 2.0.2

“This could be good!” Jennifer watched her project, satisfied. She’d been working on it for a whole week and it had turned out exactly the way she wanted. She’d always dreamed of owning a pottery shed and she had spared no mental effort in getting all the details precisely right. Everything in the little room was perfect: the light shone through the window in exactly the right way, the ceiling was the ideal height, and it had the optimal mix of modern and arts and crafts style she was envisioning. There were even a few pottery projects in progress, some of which still needed glazing, others ready for the kiln. Jennifer thought it amusing she would involve herself in anything artistic at all, since she’d always been told, by all the people in her life, that she wasn’t the creative type and she should develop her strengths, which included hard work, modesty and self-sacrifice. “I don’t know whether I have any talent for pottery making, but nobody else’s opinion really matters in this place, does it?” 
She was in a good mood, put one of the pots in the kiln and watched the glaze slowly change color in the midst of the reddish blue flames. She sipped her tea in peace and watched the sun go down over the hills and the olive grove. A strong scent of olive oil wafted through the window and she had to think for a few seconds whether she liked it or not. The smell subsided. “I guess that answers it. Honeysuckle, maybe?” The sandbox dutifully provided honeysuckle fragrance. “Maybe this is heaven after all,” Jennifer smiled.
She had this nagging feeling she should go home, a feeling as unpleasant as it was out of place in the midst of this perfect peace she had found here. It annoyed her, because she knew there was absolutely nothing waiting for her home, other than ditching questions about her consulting business. She tried to push the thought out of her mind but it didn’t go away, if anything it got more persistent. It dulled the light in the pottery shed and extinguished the flames around the pot in the kiln. “Great, that project is ruined! Now it’s going to take me a full day to reheat the kiln!” She was furious and determined not to go home now, just out of principle, but then she started worrying that something might be wrong with her loved ones. She dropped back into reality on her front steps, as opposed to on her living room couch, like she always did, and this change increased her anxiety. She didn’t even have time to turn the key in the lock when the door swung open, like the mouth of an angry dragon. She winced instinctively, expecting flames. 
“Oh, you have decided to come home!” her mother welcomed her in the doorway. “This is the last time I ever worry about you, Jennifer. You can do whatever you wish from now on. I don’t care where you go, I don’t care who you meet, do whatever you want!”
“What the heck did I do now?” Jennifer asked herself quietly what unleashed this wrath.
“Three days and no phone call! I’ve been worried sick about you, your boyfriend even called me, wondering where you were!” her mother continued her righteous indignation.
“Oh, so that’s what this is all about,” Jennifer thought and then continued out loud. “Mom, you don’t even like my boyfriend!”
“That’s the only kind of person you are capable of attracting, Jennifer. One has to resign oneself eventually to the  reality of how things are. And why would any man care about you when you don’t care about anybody other than yourself!” Jennifer tried to support herself but the side table she was leaning against let her hand pass through it like it was made of thin air. “Oh, not this crap again,” Jennifer’s attention got pulled in five different directions, as she tried to shift the attention away from her unfortunate quantum state instability; she aggravated the situation even more.
“You’re not even listening to me, are you? I hope you’re happy with your choices, I tried and tried for years and I’m finally at my wits end. Did you even think of feeding this poor animal?” she pointed to the kitten, whose round belly looked satisfyingly full. “How can you even consider taking on the care of a poor animal when you’re not even capable of feeding yourself! Is that “consulting” business of yours even real? I don’t know! I don’t know! I can only assume it’s another one of those things you start and hope they work out and then get bored with, because you never bother to put any real effort into anything. No wonder your life never works out!”
“But, mom…” Jennifer interjected, knowing full well the attempt was hopeless.
“Enough about your emotional drama, Jennifer! People have real problems and you are acting like a spoiled brat! You’ve never lacked for anything and you have no idea what real hardship is like!”
Jennifer had to admit that indeed, for all her snooze inducing existence, she didn’t really have any serious problems, not unless dying at twenty nine counted for something. Of course, philosophically speaking, dying wasn’t a problem in and of itself, since with the afterlife and all it was basically like moving to a different neighborhood, with any luck a better one. This existential musing built up to a full blown revolt, which cried out to her that she’d been bestowed an unbelievable grace, she had been taken outside of life and death, and somebody, anybody who ever loved her in her former life, should be happy for her. She was almost surprised to hear the words come out of her mouth.
“Mom, I should be dead by now, but I’m not. Why can’t anybody be happy about it? Just be happy about my being here. Why is that never enough?”
“See, this is exactly what I’m talking about, Jennifer! This horrible, manipulative comments of yours! Every time I’m trying to have a serious discussion with you about your life priorities you throw these despicable things at me, just to push the conversation down to a level that justifies your failures. You are not a child anymore, you’ve reached the age of twenty nine and you have nothing: no family, no job that I can believe in, no friends, and now you imposed your irresponsible lifestyle on this poor kitten; if you have any sense at all you’ll give him away before he starves to death because you forgot to feed it. You’re such a disappointment, Jennifer, and I’m so tired of cleaning up after you. Do whatever you want from now on, I don’t care!” 
Her mother exited, slamming the door like she used to do under these circumstances, and leaving Jennifer stunned and alone in the middle of her living room. She sat down carefully on the sofa, testing it first, to make sure she wasn’t going to fall through it, and couldn’t find her bearings for a while, while thoughts raced through her head at a thousand miles an hour. She could hardly remember the happy afternoon in her pottery shed, whose only effect on the lower reality was a tiny black pitcher on the coffee table. It was pretty, too small to really hold anything, and self-effacing enough not to get noticed at a first, or even second glance: it was the perfect metaphor for her life.
“What does everybody always want from me?” Jennifer suddenly revolted. “If I brought eternal life they wouldn’t find it enough. I’m never going to be happy, because nobody thinks I’ve done enough to deserve it. Why am I still here anyway, shouldn’t I be out there traipsing around the universe and making supernovas? It’s not like I’m going to be missed or anything! Unless I’m the designated beating boy, we wouldn’t want me to shirk those duties!”
She sulked, more and more furious, thinking that she should have used all of these newfound creative skills to show them all, to be the greatest and most extraordinary, to dazzle everybody with her greatness and demonstrate to her mother what she was capable of, so then maybe, just maybe, she would hear the words she’d been waiting for her entire life but which never came. 
“I so wish I were important for once, I wish I were one of those people everybody thinks are great, surely they never had to listen to this depressing conversation in their life. If only to see my mother’s reaction to it, if nothing else!” 
She cried herself to sleep, while a couple more decorative pitchers materialized on her nightstand. Their half-baked glaze had turned out surprisingly beautiful metallic blue hues.
“Jennifer!” Möbius yelled so loudly he made all the windows shake.
“What, what, what is it, what?” Jennifer jumped out of bed, frazzled like a chicken in a panic.
“Get dressed and come with me immediately!” he thundered in her direction. He was fifty percent taller than she remembered and had a glow around his head which swirled with bright white and blue lights. Jennifer instinctively knew what that meant: he was angry. 
“What happened? What did I do?” she tried to lighten the atmosphere.
“See for yourself,” he guided her out the front door to an interesting landscape. They were right across the street from the main gates leading into Jennifer Park, whose lovely honeysuckle arbors provided a backdrop for the giant billboards advertising Jennifer Industries in the distance. As they walked down the street they passed a Jennifer bed and breakfast, two Jennifer ice cream parlors and the Jennifer petting zoo. They turned the corner to the town square and stopped at one of the Jennifer coffee shops whose outdoor tables offered a great view of the Jennifer monument.
“Oh, boy! This isn’t good,” she thought, wondering how she was going to explain all of this to Möbius, but the latter didn’t seem to need clarification.
“I told you: no negatives!” the angel raised his voice.
“But I wasn’t anywhere near unconstructed space!” she mumbled, confused.
“It doesn’t matter! How do you not get this! You are unconstructed space! You are your life here, you are your relationships, you are everything you see. You can’t escape your own mind!” he uttered, exasperated.
“But I didn’t even ask for any of this, none of this is even mine!” Jennifer whimpered.
“That is correct! None of this is yours. Who said it would be yours? The creative process is impersonal by excellence; it doesn’t care about your motives, just your  feelings about them. This,” he swept his arm broadly across the Jennifer landscape, “is what we call an unintended consequence.”
“Well, I guess at least my mother will see me differently now,” she thought.
“Of course she will: she is going to see all of these successful Jennifers everywhere and wonder why hers never amounted to anything. Congratulations, now you have additional groveling to do.” He looked around, disgusted. “Good God, if I see another Jennifer anything I’m going to hurl.”
“How long is this going to last?” she asked sheepishly, trying to avoid looking at the name tag of the waitress who had brought them the coffee. She didn’t need to read it to know what the woman’s name was.
“Too long!” Möbius raised his voice, and then realized he was in a public place. “Thank you,” he smiled politely at the waitress, who responded “Please, enjoy” and left.
“I just wanted somebody to care about me, to see me” Jennifer started crying softly, and couldn’t help notice her emotional response made Möbius vastly uncomfortable. The latter kept searching his pockets for a tissue, finally found one, offered it to the sniffling Jennifer and then patted her awkwardly on the back in an attempt to comfort.
“It…doesn’t work that way, Jennifer,” he tried to soothe her. “You can’t make people care about you, that’s not how this works.”
“But then what is the point of all this? What is the point of anything at all? All of this Jennifer stuff is worth nothing, I wouldn’t care about it if it were mine!”
“That’s probably why it isn’t yours. You don’t care enough about it.”
“So, you are telling me that I can have absolutely anything I can dream up, except for the only thing I really ever wanted in my life,” Jennifer pinned him with an icy stare. “What in blazes is the point of Heaven, then?”
Somewhere in unconstructed space the pile of blankets grew another foot.

“Möbius, it’s been a while, hasn’t it?” Afael made a genuine attempt at small talk. He wasn’t much of a small talk guy and the words came out clunkier than a wooden clog. He changed his mind and went straight for the heart of the matter. “I thought I sent you downstairs to fix things, not end the world as we know it. Your human is making an unholy mess.” He stared at Möbius to make sure the latter had pondered the seriousness of his situation. “Do you understand what the duties and responsibilities of a guardian angel are? I know it’s not your specialty, but you did train, right?”
“Oh, great, he decided to go for the condescending approach,” Möbius crunched the emergence of a curse before it managed to raise to the surface of his consciousness. That was all that was missing in this situation, using unsanctioned language in the High Chambers.
“Do you have anything to say? Out loud, I mean,” Afael cut his shredding session short.
“Aah…we’re making great progress?” Möbius flashed him a charming smile.
“Really?” Afael decided to play along. “Let’s see what we’ve got here: unmanaged quantum states, disrupting the physical construct, several potential sources of unauthorized disclosure, unexplained wherewithals (consulting services in Zanzibar, seriously? Are you trying to be disrespectful or does it just come naturally to you?), non-mitigated pressure points, and lastly, but most importantly, bestowing angelic capacity on a human! Have you completely lost your mind? What is wrong with you, Möbius, I’m simply trying to understand what, if there can be a rational explanation for this disaster, could be your reasons?” He picked up the file on his desk, which was supposed to only contain half a page but had now grown to a hefty size. “See, since you created this problem for me and now I have to waste my time on this one human when I get three hundred and fifty thousand of them coming fresh every day, I decided to read the script. It’s bad, Möbius. Really bad.” His voice dropped an octave, to impress the gravity of the situation on the erring angel who was sitting, unnaturally calm, on the other side of the desk. “You know, I had Benadrael, who, as always, never disappoints in the performance of his duties, try to fix this. He took over your workload, poor thing, I don’t know how he does it all!”
“Benadrael! Good heavens! I know exactly how he does it all: he finds the dumbest script ever created and copy pastes it on as many files he can get his hands on. How lucky are they, those poor suckers, to have no idea it’s happening!” Möbius couldn’t help an unorthodox opinion.
“Anyway, I asked Benadrael to take a look at her file, and he tried to fix it, but apparently some of your innovative approaches are above his pay grade.”
“No!” Möbius replied sarcastically, if only in thought.
“It would behoove you to show some contrition as opposed to this flippant attitude. You do understand the magnitude of the problem you created? What possessed you to tie her into twelve different Akashic libraries, she’s synced with them in all directions of time, present, past and future, in a way only God himself would be able to untangle. Twenty nine years of unmonitored activity, there is no corner of the universe that was left untouched. I don’t even know where to start, if there is a starting point in this bowl of spaghetti. Now, I know what you’re going to say, that we had custom sandboxes made for humans before, not a big deal, but your program is stuck in an infinite loop, Möbius, and I can only hope, for your sake, that this happened by accident. Please tell me you didn’t do this on purpose!” He stared at Möbius intently, trying to scoop the guilt out of the wrongdoer’s gaze, but the latter was looking down, so there was no way to tell. “Were you planning to spend eternity on earth babysitting this…this…being? Because that’s what’s going to happen now!”
It had been a long unspoken understanding in the angelic realm that being sent ‘downstairs’ to the physical world was among the worst jobs one could ever have. Everybody accepted it graciously, as it is fitting for an eternal entity in good standing, and tried to get it over with as soon as possible, so they could return to the order and the harmony and the clean environment of Heaven, pure and undefiled by human thought. The idea of spending eternity in that cesspool of negative emotions and unprocessed consciousness instantly nauseated him. He had this sudden urge to strangle Jennifer, just for the heck of it. “Oh, man, they got to me already, now I’m having the same reactions they do. I have to do something to fix this, I can’t exist in this state!”
“I’m glad you arrived to this conclusion on your own, Möbius. I know you’re talented, we all make mistakes, but I have every trust in you that you’ll come up with a beneficial solution for your little human and for the rest of us as well. I don’t think it is a good idea for an angel to get a pet, but to each his own. Just keep her off the furniture, will you?”
“How lucky am I to be the only entity who can understand the program. You really need me, don’t you?” Möbius thought, vaguely amused.
“Don’t be facetious, Möbius. Remember what happened to the prideful ones!”

“Ah, good, you’re here,” Möbius breathed a sigh of relief when he found Jennifer in her pottery shed, focused on her latest project. “We need to talk.”
This short phrase carried so much emotional burden that Jennifer clammed up and immediately stopped listening. Never in her life had this phrase ever been followed by anything other than pain and misfortune: this was the phrase her parents used before they took away her phone and sent her to boot camp, and her boyfriends, when they broke up with her, and her bosses, when they fired her, and her best friend, when she told her she was going to move far, far away. In time it had occurred to Jennifer that talking was nothing more than a vehicle which allowed people to hurt each other without having to resort to physical violence. A weapon of mass cruelty, perfectly within the bounds of the law.
“Please, Jennifer. It’s not about you, it’s about me,” Möbius managed to raise her defensiveness level by an order of magnitude.
“Oh, well, I’ve never heard that one before,” Jennifer thought. “I have to admit this is a completely new context, though. I don’t think I’ve ever heard of anybody being dumped or fired by their guardian angel.” Come to think of it, she didn’t personally know anybody else who had spoken to an angel, not to mention have an argument with one. There was that Old Testament story about Jacob wrestling with an angel, but she always thought that was a metaphorical, rather than a literal struggle, leg injury not withstanding. Why did all of these things happen to her? She had managed to find some peace and contentment here, and now she feared she would have to go back to her old life and forget about all of this, and she didn’t want her old life. She didn’t want it enough before her Time of Demise and she certainly didn’t want it now. 
Möbius gestured broadly to stop this train-wreck of a thought process in its tracks before it started spawning garbage everywhere.
“No, no, no, Jennifer, no! Please listen! I’m going to need you to stay here for a while, until you get a hold of yourself. I air-gapped your sandbox, so that all of the changes will only happen here, just take your time, clean up your pile of blankets, do yoga, whatever it takes to clear your mind of the thought forms that pollute the world with unsavory artifacts. Please, for me?” he smiled the most persuasive smile he could muster.
“Why?” she asked, half relieved that she didn’t have to abandon her new found pottery hobby.
“Let’s just say your creative endeavors echoed upstairs. It’s serious, Jennifer, I could get in a lot of trouble. Please, just stay here for a while!”
“But won’t people declare me missing? What about my mother?” Jennifer asked.
“Don’t worry about that, I made a copy.”
“A copy of what?” she almost fell out of her chair.
‘You.”
“You can do that?” she blurted, incredulous, and then she found the thought of a doppelgänger walking around and pretending to be her infuriating. “That’s not possible, you can’t tell me my mother won’t be able to tell the difference!” 
“Well, this might not be the best time to break this to you, but I’ve replaced you with a copy numerous times, we always do that when we have to upload the upgrades, and trust me, nobody can tell the difference. Especially your mother.”
“What upgrades?” her outrage kept building up. 
“It’s not important right now, the point is you can’t manifest downstairs for a while, until you’re in control of your capabilities.”
“It’s never important, is it? God forbid I’d miss any opportunity to surrender my immediate needs in order to cater to other people’s priorities!” 
“Well, I had to decide for you and I decided that you’re going to stay up here for a while. I’m not taking the elevator all the way down just because you can’t get your Jennifers straight! Stay here and practice.”
“No!” Jennifer found the worst moment to assert herself. “You can’t copy me, that’s just not possible! Admit that you’re lying!”
“Of course I can copy you!” he retorted, irritated. “Here!” A second Jennifer appeared, moved around in ways that were very Jennifer-like and then disappeared. “When are you going to start taking me seriously? Besides, you already knew this, because that was your first fear when you got here by yourself, that you have made endless copies of yourself. Everything that can be thought of already exists somewhere. It’s just a matter of skill and effort to bring it to the surface.”
“So much for being a unique, unrepeatable snowflake!” Jennifer got suddenly dejected.
“Actually, the pattern is indeed unique, and all the copies of you are still you, we just endeavor not to run more than one at a time, it tends to get confusing.”
“I can’t imagine why!” She remembered her previous grievance. “Let me out of here, I want to go home!’
“As I already explained, you can’t go home right now because there is another you there, talking to your mother. Trust me, you can totally skip that particular conversation, it’s about your boyfriend.”
“I don’t care if it is about the meaning of life! I want to go home, you can’t keep me here!”
“Then by all means, go,” he suggested.
“How?” she asked.
“Ah, there is that little detail! Maybe if you tend to your practice and your learning, you will figure it out. That’s exactly what I’m talking about, I feel like I’m having to explain to a three year old why it’s not ok to run into traffic.”
“But humans have free will! Surely you are not allowed to decide for me what I will and will not do!” Jennifer protested.
“What part of ‘life script’ wasn’t clear to you when I first described the process? You do have free will now, so please appreciate it enough not to misuse it.”


 JENNIFER 2.0.3

Möbius was a busy angel. He’d been caught up in a whole host of activities and checking up on Jennifer didn’t make it to his endless list of chores. He just assumed, based on the lack of unusual developments in the real world that she had found something to keep herself occupied in unconstructed space and he just left things at that. After three weeks he felt guilty about the restrictions he’d imposed without properly explaining his reasons and decided to drop in and see how she was doing. 
He found the unconstructed space empty and dark. The kiln was cold, it felt like it hadn’t been started in days. Möbius started to panic. He checked all the other rooms, a little disoriented by the fact that they looked nothing like he last remembered them, and when he didn’t find any sign of Jennifer in any of them, he went on full alert. A quick scan of everywhere he could think of turned up nothing: she wasn’t downstairs, she wasn’t in deep space, she wasn’t in any part of the universe at all. Jennifer had disappeared.
“But that is not possible!” he gasped. “She has to be somewhere in this universe, unless she got accidentally deleted. And even so, I should be able to retrieve an older version of her at least, there is no way all traces of the code could be completely gone, the program is too redundant to allow that.” He did a search for older versions, automatically saved versions, and any end of file error messages, which turned up nothing. He worried that somewhere in his code there was a fateful line that would corrupt the file without warning, and he suddenly felt all the burden of responsibility that seemed to have eluded him up to that point. He got angry at Jennifer for making him change the code, if only she left it alone he could have guaranteed it worked properly, what in the world did she have to object to, she could have been a famous singer, and instead she chose to mess with creation and make everybody’s life miserable. Now obviously her own. It is tragic to be an exception to life itself. If you’re alive, somebody knows you. If you’re dead, somebody remembers you. If you are neither and you disappear, it’s just like you never existed at all. 
He was tired and stressed out by all the things he’d had to attend to over the past three weeks, but he made a workspace for himself, brought up the fateful Jennifer design and started going through the flowcharts with a fine tooth comb. It was almost impossible, even for him, to follow all of the logical branches that had evolved from that tree of uncertainty that was being neither living nor dead, but he summoned all his focus and scrubbed every instruction and loop for possible fatal flaws. He didn’t find any. He was just about to start again when Jennifer popped in from nowhere. Möbius could hardly suppress his irritation.
“Jennifer, I thought I told you to stay put!” he yelled in a manner unbecoming a host of the divine.
“Incorrect. You told me that if I go downstairs in this state you’re going to get in trouble, so I didn’t.”
“Oh, you’re doing me a favor?” he couldn’t believe his ears. “What am I talking about! I actually told you to stay here, I remember that very well. Where have you been?”
“The Otherworld. It’s beautiful, you should come!” she started enthusiastically.
“I can’t go the the Otherworld! I’m an angel, it’s not allowed!” he blurted, appalled. 
“Could have fooled me, I’ve seen a lot of angels over there,” she retorted.
“You couldn’t have! What did they look like?”
“Well, they were tall and had wings. Why don’t you have wings?” she asked.
“It’s an upperclassman sign. What kind of wings?”
“White, with silver tips,” Jennifer replied.
“Those deceitful sniveling…” Möbius exploded. “They told us all not to go so they could have the place all to themselves!”
“I can take you there, if you’d like,” Jennifer offered magnanimously.
“Thanks, pass. You’ve done plenty already. And what exactly were you doing in the Otherworld?” he questioned abruptly. “No wonder I couldn’t find any trace of her, the Otherworld is fully isolated. Where in creation does she come up with these ideas, just when I was hoping to get some peace, finally!”
The Otherworld had been a subject of intense disagreement among the angels, some of whom saw it as a wondrous source of creative inspiration, while others considered it too strange and unpredictable for long term constructs. In the end the reluctant side prevailed and the Otherworld was declared restricted territory, only accessible with special permission. Unless you were Jennifer, apparently. Möbius got seriously upset. 
“How did you get there, no, seriously, I want to know. Who opened a portal for you to get there?”
“I did.”
“How? Why?” he asked, exasperated.
“You told me to practice, didn’t you? What better practice than this?”
Möbius had been somewhat hoping for beautiful artwork or unusual breeds of cats. 
“I’m glad you at least didn’t decide to visit Hell, although if you keep up this kind of behavior you might run into me there on your next trip,” he brought on the big guns of guilt and nagging. “I think I’m starting to understand how your mother feels.”
“What is wrong with all of you?” Jennifer’s anger smoldered, ready to surface. “What is the point of having free will if everybody in the universe has the right to tell you how to use it? I just felt like it, ok? And I could do it, so I did. I didn’t hurt anybody, I didn’t disturb your precious downstairs, I just wanted to do something interesting for myself. God forbid I’m not punished for it. Next I’ll have to explain why I breathe in and out!”
“Where is your cat, Jennifer? Did you let him starve, just like your mother said?” Möbius found another tool to guilt her with.
Jennifer pulled the kitten out of her blouse and set him down on the floor. The little ball of fur sniffed around for a second, and then started playing with one of the toy mice.
“Of course not, I brought him with me. I didn’t want to leave him home alone for so long.”
“You brought a cat through a portal!!” he exclaimed.
“Yes. What about it?”
“The portals are sacred! You can’t bring animals through them, it is forbidden!” he gasped in dismay.
“Nonsense! You know, Möbius, for an awesome and powerful angelic host your existence doesn’t seem that exciting. I haven’t heard this many thou shalt nots while I was alive, and trust me, mine was not the best example of a fast and free existence.”
Möbius decided to take the high road, abandoned the fight and, since his workstation was already downloaded to this sandbox, he engrossed himself in his work while sulking in silence. Jennifer went back to her pottery. After a few hours, she remembered something and interrupted Möbius’ work to share the spoils.
“I almost forgot, I brought you something,” she pulled out a strange misshapen tube and presented it to him.
“So, not only did you violate a forbidden boundary, but you also smuggled evidence of said wrongdoing back into this world,” he snapped.
“Remind me not to get you anything next time,” she pouted. She looked really hurt, so Möbius’ voice softened a little, despite the fact that she’d broken his train of thought at a critical point and now he had to start the code review from the top again.
“I’m sorry, Jennifer. What is it?”
“Fulgurite, I think. There are huge outcroppings of it over there. See? It sings,” she pointed out. The movements of her hands exerted pressure on the air inside the tube and made the crystalline structure vibrate in a soft, melancholy tune.

A singular thought occupied Möbius’ mind since Jennifer’s unscheduled trip to the forbidden lands: if he had fully isolated her sandbox, and he was sure he’d done a thorough job of that, how did she get out? He considered asking her but assumed that would be a pointless pursuit, besides, he was convinced that another entity, possibly malevolent, had extended a bridge into the sandbox, a thought he found discomforting at best.
He set all emotional reactions aside and tried to follow the path of logic wherever it might lead. How did one move matter and thought from an isolated environment to another isolated environment? The gateways were too obvious of an answer, and the first ones to get locked in the process, besides, he had checked them repeatedly and had no doubt that they’d been secure the entire time. He checked himself for inadvertently becoming an energy carrier, despite the fact that simple logic ruled out this option: he’d never been to the Otherworld. It must have been someone from the Otherworld itself, what else could explain this? Their technology had always been a black box and only a precious few had studied it, why, with the place being forbidden and all. 
Herein lay his dilemma: normally he would have conferred with his colleagues, he would have brainstormed and required access to the pertinent information, but since Jennifer’s waltzing through an impenetrable energy grid didn’t make him look good, and her witnessing of unofficial angelic presence in the Otherworld didn’t make them look good, he was pretty sure that was not going to happen. He spent hours trying to remember everything he knew about that environment, while going over the field around Jennifer’s unconstructed space again in search of any unusual energy flows, plasma oscillations, phase shifts. There was nothing. Meanwhile Jennifer had decided that she could use a vacation and had made an exotic resort for herself in one of the other rooms to help her relax and recuperate. 
How could she stay so calm? Möbius got aggravated, churning all sorts of thoughts inside his head, all of which shall remain concealed to protect the innocents. Any normal human being would have been grateful or terrified or something, it’s not like everyone gets to pick option ‘other’ when it comes to life and death, it’s not something one experiences every day, and she acts like she’s waiting for the dry-cleaning. Not to mention his presence, which, in and of itself, as far as he could remember, had always been considered a privilege for a mortal. Wasted effort, wasted effort I tell you, ungrateful human species, they all are, for sure! He went deeper into his ruminations, blaming himself for having such a preposterous idea to begin with, annoyed at Jennifer for not being able to offer any useful input and revolted by the silver winged miscreants who swaggered through the Otherworld like it was their back yard.
“I can hold existence in the palm of my hand and I have to spend all my time here, cleaning up after this ingrate! She can’t even form a concept of how lucky she is!” With that, the very last of his patience dissipated. “Jennifer!” he thundered, loud enough to be heard from the other room, over the sound of waves and soothing tropical music. 
Jennifer showed up from the other room with half a tan and a full attitude problem. “What!?”
“Care to share with me how you hopped out of here?” 
Jennifer didn’t say anything, but she approached his desk, touched it and disappeared. She showed up a few seconds later on the other side of it.
“I’m not following,” he frowned.
“There is no difference, energetically, between me and this desk, or the grid, or you. We’re all made of the same essence. I identify with that essence.”
“But this is crazy! You can’t do that!” Möbius did not want to believe her.
“This is crazy? As opposed to what? Spending time here, in this half-way world, with a non-human entity, while a copy of me is living my life downstairs?” Jennifer replied with the same insane calm.
“So, you’re saying there is no reason why you couldn’t, for instance, go home?” Möbius asked tentatively. Jennifer nodded. “Why didn’t you?”
“And terrify my mother by surprising her with Jennifer number two? I don’t think so. Besides, I need some time to get used to all of this, it can be a little overwhelming. Did you know the sunset can display four hundred and twenty seven different hues?”
“As a matter of fact, I did,” Möbius replied. “A friend of mine worked on that project.”

“Jennifer?” Möbius called out tentatively. The unconstructed space was filled with half finished projects, some leaning against the walls, some filling the center of the space and taking up all of its impressive height. Some actually touched the ceiling, which for some reason was now cross-vaulted.
“Yes,” a distant voice replied, as if from a dream.
“Where are you?”
“Up here,” Jennifer waved from above, and then resumed her technically correct yoga pose. She was levitating, twenty feet or so above the floor, but the smile on her face had nothing to do with the concepts of self-realization and non-attachment. 
“Don’t be silly!” Möbius replied, shocked. “Get down from there, you’re going to hurt yourself!”
“As if!” she answered. “How about this, is this better?” She turned around, maintaining the perfect pose, until her head pointed straight down. “See? I can make my hair stand on end.”
“What are you, six?” Möbius continued looking up. He couldn’t help notice that looking straight up at somebody for a long period of time made one’s neck hurt. “This is really uncomfortable,” he thought, frowning. It was very odd watching Jennifer from this angle, which only gave him a good view of the top of her head. The latter got restless and started swinging, as if she was hanging from the ceiling by the seat of her pants. 
“Why are you doing this?” he asked, bewildered. 
“No reason whatsoever,” Jennifer grinned from ear to ear. “Isn’t this great?”
“No, Jennifer! No, it’s not! Everything in creation has a purpose for being! What could possibly be the utility of this activity?”
“I always wanted to do this and now I can. Yey me!” Jennifer continued along her immaturity streak.
“You don’t do stuff just because you can, this is crazy!” Möbius protested in the name of reason. “I could turn you into an octopus, but I’m not going to do that!”
“Oh, please, would you?” she asked, really excited.
“No, Jennifer! We can’t go rogue on existence and do whatever crosses our minds! And get down from there, gravity was instituted for a reason!”
“Not in this environment, it hasn’t!” Jennifer moped, all of her joy and enthusiasm now gone. She dropped from the ceiling, turning feet down at the last minute. “Tell me, Möbius, did they outlaw all human happiness, or just mine?”
“Do I need to remind you whatever you do here has consequences in the world below? What do you think the world is going to look like if people start floating off the ground with no explanation at all?” 
“I thought you isolated the effects,” Jennifer replied, deciding to temporarily abandon her six year old self.
“It didn’t work!” Möbius snapped. “Please don’t do that again.”
“It’s not like this hasn’t happened before, there have been cases,” Jennifer went through her limited knowledge of levitation trying to remember all the documented instances thereof, all of which had been attributed to extraordinary spiritual experiences of some sort. Now she cringed at the thought that maybe many of those were nothing more than the consequences of a putz with a sandbox who got really bored.
“Funny you should bring that up. Do you have any idea how hard we had to work to fix those mishaps? The laws of physics are sacrosanct, Jennifer! You don’t make them a plaything! How would you like it if I divided you into seven distinct components and sent each of them to a different universe?” he asked, outraged.
“There are different universes? What are they like? Can I visit?” Jennifer’s eyes shone with curiosity.
“I’m wasting my time,” Möbius lost hope. He tried to approach the subject of responsibility from a different angle. “You know, I removed your copy from downstairs, maybe you should go back there, talk to your mother, see your friends,” he enticed.
“Oh, ok.” Jennifer’s mood deflated even more.
“What’s wrong?”
“I have a sinking feeling my mother liked my copy better, I’m sure you cleaned it up of all the annoying personality traits that make me who I am and presented her with the perfect version of the daughter I never was.”
“You two seem to get along a lot better now,” Möbius confirmed.
“Say, while you’re at it, can you go back through the blueprints and append an Ivy League degree? She’d always been disappointed about that! Might as well shave a few pounds off my weight while you’re at it, if you have to get knee deep in code anyway.” 
“What is wrong with you?” he asked, genuinely dismayed. 
“Nothing!” Jennifer snapped. “There is absolutely nothing wrong with me, that’s just the problem! I’m not all of y’all’s never ending remodeling job!”
Möbius didn’t reply, he just stared at the floor for a second and then continued gently.
“Just go see your loved ones, will you? I’m sure they all miss you, don’t you miss them?”
“They don’t miss me because you made sure they can’t even notice I’m gone! And as far as I’m concerned, never have I ever had time all to myself. What’s wrong with being on vacation for a week? I’m sure everyone will be able to manage without my ineffectual self, especially since I’m supposed to be dead, a life script you personally drafted, by the way. If I did die what would they have done then?” Jennifer got really aggravated. “Lay off the guilt trip, Möbius, there are few things in life that irritate me more!”
“Don’t you miss your boyfriend?” he poked at another precarious emotional zone.
“That’s so pedestrian! If you really wanted to get creative you’d ask me if I miss my job! Please ask me if I miss my job!”
“Fine! Do whatever you want! Do cartwheels on the ceiling for all I care! At least when they send me to Hell I won’t have to deal with this anymore!” Möbius threw in the towel.
 “Day in and day out, ‘You should do this, Jennifer’, ‘You should be that, Jennifer’, ‘Why can’t you be like normal people, Jennifer’, even when I’m dead! If I want to hang upside down from the rafters when I’m dead I should be able to do so without upsetting some freaking rule!”
“Technically, you are not dead,” Möbius clarified.
“Stop it with the technical nonsense! I am dead enough!” Jennifer lost her temper. 
“Leave me alone!” Möbius brooded.
“Leave you alone? You wrote my stupid life! You decided I should die at twenty-nine! You dragged me here! You comment on everything I do, constantly! Me leave you alone?”
“As I said, deciding your life range was not within my area of responsibility. Also, I didn’t drag you here, you requested a design change. Against my better judgment, I might add. Were you to follow the original design you’d be much happier now.”
“I am happy right now!” Jennifer exploded. “I can finally do something exciting and enjoy myself for once!”
“Oh, so we’re not the tragic human sacrifice, then!” Möbius jumped on the got-you immediately.
“Not if you don’t try to prevent me from doing anything I want, I’m not!”
“There are rules, Jennifer, you can’t just do whatever you want!”
“Forget the rules!” the latter pouted, retreating into her pottery shop. Möbius followed.
“I really meant it. You should go back downstairs, they’re going to start wondering what happened to you.”
“Not my problem.”
“You know what? I should have run your original code, how stupid of me to set my hair on fire like this!” In his righteous indignation he omitted to acknowledge that, in fact, that had been his first intention, righteous, rule abiding and catastrophically undone by a twist of fate. “I guess it’s right what they say, that when God wants to punish you, He doesn’t do so by beating you with a stick!”
“Fine! I’ll go! Will you leave me be for a couple of hours now, to finish my projects?”
“Sure.”


 JENNIFER 2.0.4

Jennifer had many shortcomings but she had some redeeming qualities too, and one of them was reliability. Since she’d promised Möbius she would, she went home to figure out how to mesh her current existence with life as it used to be. Her mother was waiting in the kitchen, working feverishly on her favorite childhood dish, and the familiar aroma instantly put Jennifer in a good mood. 
“What’s the occasion, mom?” Jennifer asked, pleased but bewildered by all the pampering.
“Can’t a mother do something for her daughter just because she loves her?” her mother smiled while she plated the dish and set it on the table. She gestured to Jennifer to sit down and the latter obeyed.
“Come on, mom, out with it! What is going on?” Jennifer tried out her newfound assertiveness.
“Well, I didn’t want to upset you, dear, but I thought it would be best if you found out from me before the rumor mill starts making a meal of it,” her mother hesitated for a second, and then went into the subject in full force. “Your boyfriend got engaged, sweetie! I’m so sorry.”
“That’s weird,” Jennifer thought. “Well, at least that explains why he kept canceling our dates.” She asked aloud, in a voice that sounded too indifferent, considering, and which she tried to adjust as she went, so as not to draw suspicion. “Engaged? To whom?”
Her mother hesitated again, also trying to find the right tone for this particular subject. She’d never liked her daughter’s boyfriend, whom she found callous and dismissive, and she was kind of relieved that he was finally out of Jennifer’s life, but didn’t want her daughter to think she didn’t empathize with her loss.
“Marie, dear.”
“Marie? As in his cousin Marie?” Jennifer couldn’t believe her ears.
“One and the same,” her mother nodded to confirm.
“You can’t be serious!” Jennifer continued, perplexed.
“Believe it.”
Jennifer put her head down, staring at her plate of food, which suddenly had lost all of its appeal. She couldn’t believe the cheating loser and his deceitful snake of a cousin, who had always pretended to be her friend, and resented her mother for introducing her to this man, and Möbius for writing yet another painful and demeaning life event into her code. 
“Why did all of these people, who supposedly loved and cared for me, found themselves so entitled to step all over my life and trash it like that?” For a moment, just a brief moment, she wanted to do something outrageous, something that would defy every rule in the book, like changing the atmosphere to laughing gas, or painting the sky pink, but she remembered the amount of hell she would catch if any of those thoughts manifested, so she went back to her happy place, which, surprisingly enough, looked very much like unconstructed space. She decided to give Möbius a pass.
“Please say something, dear, I can’t bear to see you unhappy like that,” her mother pleaded.
“But I’m not unhappy, mom,” Jennifer let out before she had time to catch herself.
“I’m glad to hear that, sweetheart, although I don’t understand it. Sometimes it feels like you don’t care about anything at all.”
“Here it comes,” Jennifer mentally prepared for the inevitable sequel.
“I just worry about you, you know? Almost thirty years old and you seem determined to throw your life away. I don’t know what you are doing to your relationships to have them all end up like that.”
“You can’t possibly be serious! The man is marrying his cousin! How could this in any way be my fault?” Jennifer retorted, really irritated. “Thank you, Möbius! Thank you for forcing this conversation on me again, you insensitive jerk!”
“Maybe if you cared more, Jennifer, these things wouldn’t keep happening to you! You are so distant, sometimes I think you are not capable of loving anybody.”
“That’s it! I’ve had it! I’m disappearing into unconstructed space right now, consequences be damned!” Jennifer was trembling with rage, a feeling that she was very familiar with, since she’d experienced instances like this her entire life.  She retreated in silence, like she always have, like she always did.
Her mother suddenly recalled her daughter was the aggrieved party in this situation and returned to a more compassionate tone. 
“Well, I say that’s for the best, don’t dwell on these things, Jennifer, it wasn’t meant to be. Oh, I forgot! Look what I found for you, isn’t this great?” She enthusiastically grabbed Jennifer and dragged her to the corner of the living room to show her a weird contraption: it was a fruit platter, rather large, spinning in thin air about a foot off its platform. It was full and looked quite heavy, which made the entire scene even more eerie. “The things they come up with, right?” her mother continued her cheerful chatter. “It’s a levitation device,” she felt compelled to explain to her daughter the object in front of their eyes, since the latter had never been very strong in science. 
Jennifer took the opportunity to divert the accursed conversation to more palatable subject matter.
“That’s interesting! How does it work?” she asked, genuinely curious and very relieved that the levitation design had chosen to manifest itself via objects and not people.
“Oh, I have no idea! What will they think of next, right?” her mother jumped onto a new subject eagerly, grateful to lighten up the atmosphere. “So, tell me more about your life, sweetie,” she said, trying to chase away all the unpleasantness of the awkward news she had to convey.  “How have you been? Last we talked you seemed to be very excited about that new consulting job of yours. Zanzibar, was it?” she said, not knowing how to approach the subject. “That sounds…exotic!”
Of all the things! Jennifer instantly considered rescinding Möbius’ pass from earlier and wished she could summon him there on the spot, straight out of thin air, just to enjoy the reaction that would cause. Naturally, he did not show up. “How bored must you be to come up with this kind of nonsense! I’m a human being, not a chew toy! Now I have to explain Zanzibar to my mother! Why Zanzibar, the moon wasn’t available?”
She scrambled in search of a plausible story but her mother seemed to have already gotten bored with this subject.
“What are you doing Friday night?” she asked Jennifer in a tone she attempted to make as casual as possible.
“I don’t know yet, why?” Jennifer replied.
“I was just thinking, since you have no plans now, maybe we could have dinner together, you know, catch up on things?” her mother smiled encouragingly.
“Mom, that wouldn’t happen to have something to do with me meeting new people, would it?”
“What’s wrong with meeting new people, Jennifer? You have to put yourself out there, honey, you’re not twenty anymore. Listen from somebody who’s been there, life passes you by just like that!” her mother snapped her fingers to illustrate the concept.
Jennifer had the sudden realization that this, all of this, whatever she wanted to call it, her life, her script, her design, was not feasible. It just didn’t seem possible, in any way she could think of, to marry these two lives she now led in a harmonious way. What was in store for her here, now that she had become the member of a very small race, that of  the living dead? Why would she even attempt a relationship when she couldn’t explain even to herself what was happening? Would it be unconscionable to impose this hardship on a normal person’s life, and to what end? Would she even be able to have those children that her mother so coveted, now that she wasn’t technically alive? She got tired and discouraged all at once, and wanted to find a place, any place, where it was safe for her to just be, without having to explain anything to anyone. Unconstructed space immediately came up, and she didn’t know whether to be relieved that a place like that actually existed or in despair because being there pulled her even farther down the rabbit hole.
She spent the rest of the evening making pleasant conversation with her mother and going through a whole host of anecdotes, all of which depicted how busy, challenging and exciting her professional life was now, in the hope the latter would abandon her project and stop trying to fix her up again.

Jennifer went back upstairs sporting a frown and nursing a headache, both augmented by the fact that upon returning home from a trip to the corner store she had to go around the block twice before her apartment building deigned to reappear. In one fell swoop she had managed to get dumped, feel guilty and inadequate and get cross with her loved ones for absolutely no reason at all. Surely it wasn’t her mother’s fault that her boyfriend didn’t even bother to text her before getting engaged to somebody else. 
She went straight to her pottery shop and immersed herself in her latest project, not because she was particularly passionate about pottery, but because it seemed to be the only activity which had not been formally prohibited.
“I can only surmise the world will be awash in ceramics pretty soon,” Jennifer finished her jug, decorated it, glazed it and put it in the kiln. After that she grabbed a fresh lump of clay to start a new one.
“Don’t worry about that, I’ll place them in different historical periods, people can’t seem to get enough of this stuff,” Möbius commented. He pointed to one of the unglazed jugs on the top shelf, which was baked to a very deep red and had thin scored markings around the neck. “That one for instance should fit nicely into the Etruscan era. Can I have it?”
“Aah, sure,” Jennifer replied, surprised. She had assumed that messing with the timeline would belong to the endless litany of proscribed activities, but apparently there was no overlap between angelic and human logic.
“Wouldn’t it be easier to hand me a list of what is forbidden instead of throwing a fit every time I try something you don’t approve of?” Jennifer asked, as tactful as she could, since the intention was not to offend.
“I wish it were that easy,” Möbius frowned. He wasn’t sure his expectations were fair and blamed himself for placing a human in the position where they had to exhibit the conduct and reasoning ability of a host. “It is not only what you do, it’s everything connected to that activity - your thoughts, your emotions, your intentions, your intensity, your insecurities, even your unconscious reactions.” He pointed to everything around them, all the artifacts that Jennifer’s hopeful mind had eagerly created. “Where do you think all of this stuff came from?”
“I thought you just create things out of nothing up here,” Jennifer replied.
“There is no such thing as nothing. If you can conceive of it, it’s something. There is matter and energy and consciousness everywhere, to some degree. Whatever you make, this mug, for instance, is not matter, it is matter mixed with all of the energy and thought process you put into it, that’s what makes it different from the jug next to it, or from the raw lump of clay you’re holding in your hands right now. It’s all the same clay, right? The same matter. What differentiates the results is your thought process.”
“I’m not sure what you’re trying to say,” Jennifer got defensive.
“What I’m trying to say is your mind has no focus and your emotions are a trash heap rolling down the hill on fire; even the pottery terrifies me, I wonder if one can actually cause damage with pottery,” Möbius thought, and then continued out loud. “What I’m trying to say, Jennifer, is that if you want to be able to do the things I do, you have to be like me, inasmuch as it is possible.”
“But I can’t be like you,” Jennifer started sniffling again.
“And herein lies our problem,” Möbius concluded.
Jennifer went back to her pottery shed, where she continued working and crying for hours, while Möbius went downstairs to set up a catchment basin for all the resulting rain. 
“This is a full time job for a whole team, there is no way one lone angel can manage all the consequences,” he thought, dejected. “I’m exhausted already and it’s not even noon.”
“That should teach you to appreciate all the hard work our guardian angels are doing on a daily basis, Möbius,” a voice from above resonated in his head, a voice he recognized as Afael’s. Möbius crushed an impious thought before it managed to emerge and then went straight into no-thought mode, just to be on the safe side for the remainder of the work.

After a couple of hours Jennifer got tired of crying and decided to go back home. What was the point of crying anyway, if nobody was there to care about it. She’d never thought of crying as a result oriented activity before and had to admit that if it engendered an outcome, it probably wouldn’t be a positive one. Suddenly the concept of wasting energy on something without a positive outcome bothered her. She had started dusting the many pieces of pottery which had made their way downstairs during the previous week when another uncomfortable thought emerged: what she was doing didn’t make any sense. It wasn’t just the pottery, which she’d already cataloged as a thing to pass the time in the absence of anything better to do, but the rest of her activities as well. Something about her approach to ‘life’ was fundamentally flawed in a way she could feel deeply in her heart but found very difficult to put into words. Her thought process must have sent a bat signal to Möbius, who decided to show up.
“It’s not something you can explain, Jennifer,” Möbius offered counsel. “Not in the context of what you would call normal, anyway. You have to care about things to have them stick around; love them or hate them, they can’t tell the difference. Everything else goes away.”
“Why?” Jennifer asked. “Why do I have to care about the chair I’m sitting in?” she asked.
“You really don’t have to,” Möbius agreed. “How long have you had that chair?”
“A couple of years,” Jennifer replied.
“What did you do for sitting down before that?”
“I had another chair.”
“What happened to it?”
“It broke.”
“And before that?”
“Another chair.”
“What happened to it?”
“I didn’t like it, I put it out to the curb.”
“I’m not going to continue this list, you get the idea. If all you need is a chair to sit in you’ll get a chair. It’s not going to be a specific chair but it will accomplish the task. Learn to differentiate between the concept of chair and the individual item. Human life usually works in concept, on almost every level - the home you live in, the job you have, your relationships, even love, everything people start out with is contractor grade, so to speak. You have to put a piece of your soul into them to make them special, that’s what we call creativity, or spirit, the spirit of things, places, connections. I know the chair is a poor example, but let’s use it anyway. As long as you don’t care enough about a particular design you’re going to get a generic model which will be replaced regularly with other generic models, equally indifferent in emotional value.”
“I’m not going to waste emotional energy on caring about a chair!” Jennifer blurted outraged. 
“Let’s talk about your jobs. How many did you have?”
“A few,” Jennifer’s mood worsened.
“How about friends,” Möbius didn’t relent. “Sure you’re very young, but do you have any friendships that you held on to for many years?”
“A few,” Jennifer replied.
“What about your other acquaintances?”
“You get to meet new people all the time, it’s normal!” Jennifer became defensive.
“That’s exactly what I’m trying to point out to you, that’s how the world works! How many apartments have you lived in so far?”
“This is ridiculous! Who cares about apartments? They’re all the same!” Jennifer tried to end the conversation, not realizing she was demonstrating Möbius’ argument for him. 
“What do you want, Jennifer!” Möbius stared at her intently. “What do you really want?”
“I want to be special, remember? I want to do extraordinary things!” Jennifer started sniffling softly when she encountered Möbius’ grizzly stare and stopped immediately. “I want to dangle upside down from the ceiling just to defy gravity!”
“Actually I take it back, the gravity plate was cool,” Möbius smiled. “Feel free to hang upside down from the ceiling all you want. You’ll have to forgive me for being overprotective sometimes, it comes with the job.”
“Overprotective? You forgot me in quantum uncertainty for three weeks!”
“Not of you,” he continued smiling. “Of the universe. I have to make sure you’re not going to mess it up. Now back to our lesson. Think of anything, object, thought, person, feeling.”
“How about this jug?” she pointed to the first object she laid her eyes on.
“Fine, if you can’t waste effort on finding something you actually care about, we’ll improve on the indifferent,” he frowned, displeased. “What did you have in mind when you created this jug?”
“Nothing, I suppose.”
“You are always thinking of something, you just can’t remember it because your mind has an irrelevance overload protocol in place: if the thought does not impact your existence in any meaningful way it goes into the recycling bin. The problem is it still leaves a groove on your brain, one of which you are generally unaware. Try to think,” he encouraged her.
“I can’t remember,” Jennifer threw in the towel.
“I can tell just by looking at it. It is exactly like the one next to it and quite a few others over there on the shelf.”
“They are nothing alike!” she protested surprised, and then relented when upon a closer inspection she determined that the objects in question were similar indeed. “Well, maybe a little, what does that mean?”
“What that means is not only you are unaware of the mental abstractions that generated all of these objects, but they all revolved around one singular concept, and not an interesting one at that,” he concluded, looking at the uninspiring design.
“Maybe I’m not capable of designing something interesting,” Jennifer became defensive again.
“There are several things wrong with this sentence. The first one is you requested a design change that would make you special, which I provided, and I’m very good at what I do.”
“And very modest to boot,” Jennifer’s mind churned in silence.
“The second thing,” Möbius ignored her unspoken repartee, “is you already made interesting. Very interesting, actually. Some of it a little ill-advised, but interesting nonetheless. Why can’t you do the same with the jug?”
“I don’t care about the jug!’ Jennifer raised her voice in exasperation.
“Why are you making things you don’t care about?” Möbius matched her frustration and raised her another hundred. “The world is full of stuff people don’t care about! Heaven is full of concepts angels don’t care about!”
“I heard that!” Afael’s voice boomed in his ear.
“What I’m trying to say,” Möbius continued, a little more subdued, “is that machines have been invented to make a million little objects all the same. The human mind is free to create unique things now!”
“What’s the third thing?” Jennifer kept the count.
“The third thing is the first jug you made, the one that went to the Antiquity, was quite good. You must have cared about that one.”
“I care about all the stuff I make until you come and tear it to shreds!” 
Möbius shuffled, uncomfortable. It dawned on him being a guardian angel was not entirely the mindless job he always thought it was, and maybe he didn’t have the patience and empathy required to do it properly. He decided to take another approach.
“What were you thinking when I found you hanging upside down from the keystone?”
“I was thinking how awesome that was and that I was happy,” Jennifer responded in a tone which made obvious whatever happiness that past event embodied had long dissipated. “I was thinking,” she started tentatively, “isn’t that something you can change in the code? You know, so I’d be happy all the time?”
“I design skills, events, life blueprints, I don’t do feelings!” he protested. “Why can’t you handle your own emotions? I thought you said you wanted free will! Will yourself happy!”
“That’s absurd, you need a reason to be happy,” she protested.
“And you can’t create it unless you already are happy. See the vicious cycle here?” Möbius got progressively annoyed. “What are you willing to invest mental energy in, Jennifer, other than getting upset over not being me?”
Jennifer decided not to gratify his rhetorical question with an answer. She was sitting in a high chair across the table from him, in her own kitchen, whatever that meant, and was swinging her legs like a petulant pupil who got caught cutting class and was sent to the principal’s office.
“Why do I even care what he thinks?” she brooded. Technically she was dead, all her debt to society had been paid, it was supposed to be all about her, all the time now, filled with joy, love and bliss. Unless she was going to the basement, what if she’d earned herself a place there? She tried to think of all the things she might have done prior to this bewildering experience that could have earned her a smoldering spot while Möbius stared at her with his arms crossed and a deep crease between his eyebrows.
“You are going to give me a headache with this nonsense, would you please stop? If you want I can take you on a tour of both the basement and the attic, I can assure you you haven’t missed much. Why can’t you, for once, take it on faith you’ve been given an extraordinary gift, even though making use of it requires a pittance of effort on your part?”
Jennifer almost forgot the strictly enforced ban on sniveling and was about to start again.
“But when do I get to be happy, Möbius? When?” she declaimed in a mournful tone worthy of Greek tragedy.
“How about now? Be happy right now!” he yawned, bored, and left.

After Möbius left, Jennifer spent a few minutes picking up the apartment, which, she noticed, wasn’t nearly as messy as is used to be. She couldn’t remember cleaning it, so she had to assume that either her mother had stopped by in her absence, or the results of her nascent mental discipline had started to sift down into reality. Nevertheless she found a plethora of odds and ends, compliments of her half finished projects upstairs, all belonging to the category of objects one can’t bring oneself to throw away, but that never serve any real purpose and end up cluttering the living space. 
There is a pervasive sense of futility associated with the awareness an all-knowing being is guiding your life: if somebody or something already knows and most likely designed all the aspects of your life, if every hair on your head is numbered, why would you bother to pretend you have free will at all?
“Would you feel better about yourself if I offered no guidance?” Möbius replied.
“How is he here again to comment on my every thought?” Jennifer asked herself, exasperated, since he’d just left, after regaling her with a good helping of constructive criticism no less.
“Every time you think about me I get the equivalent of a 911 call. I am your guardian angel, Jennifer, and sadly, this is my one and only job, listening to you. Self-determination, was it?”
“Maybe there is justice in the universe after all,” Jennifer couldn’t help herself. “Please, go on.”
“What do you want to know?”
“Is there any?”
Möbius paused for a second, not sure how to approach the subject. 
“So, do you remember the conversations we had in the beginning? About the life script and such?”
Jennifer nodded.
“And how your code is different now?”
Jennifer nodded again.
“You shouldn’t take that to mean that whatever comes out of it is completely random, the laws of causality still apply, time still moves only forward and everything that happens must be written in the code in order for it to happen. Now, somebody has to write it, and that’s either you or me.”
“What if I write something that doesn’t make any sense?” Jennifer asked.
“How would you be able to tell?” Möbius was about to say, but refrained. The angelic hosts had been perplexed for eons by the patently absurd choices the few lucky humans with a sandbox usually made. There was no analysis behind their decisions, no forethought, nothing that made any sense to a rational being. “Well, no matter how incoherent the code is, there will still be a logical unfolding of consequences, nothing comes as a surprise, every creative endeavor, and life is eminently a creative endeavor, is the outcome of universal laws and conscious intent.”
“But what about luck, or unforeseen circumstances?”
“Written.”
“What if I suddenly decide to move to Zanzibar permanently?”
“Now that would be one of those random lines of code you write for yourself that generate weird results, but which under normal circumstances would have been part of your original code. Just because it seems like a sudden decision for you, it doesn’t mean it would take me by surprise.”
“So, hypothetically speaking you would know all the developments that could unfold from my moving to Zanzibar?”
“I already do know all of the developments that would unfold from your moving to Zanzibar, or any other modifications you might want to make to the code.”
“So, you are saying that no matter what I decide to do, you already know it.”
“In a nut shell.”
‘This is so devastatingly depressing I don’t have words for it. What about love, Möbius?”
“Written.”
“Why on earth would the angels bother with that?”
“Well, your kind is mortal, so it becomes sort of a necessity…” Möbius looked down, slightly embarrassed. “Sorry to ruin romance for you. I can write that portion of the code if it makes you uncomfortable. Come to think of it, now that your life is non-expiring, that is no longer a necessity for you.”
“Thank you, Möbius! Thank you for ruining Santa for me!”
“You are too old to believe in Santa, anyway. Enjoy that privilege.”
“I’m twenty nine!” Jennifer protested.
“Not anymore you’re not. Not in this context.”
Jennifer spent some time in sullen silence, during which she scrubbed the kitchen counter until she could see her reflection in it.
“I think it’s clean enough, Jennifer,” Möbius spoke softly.
“What is the point of doing anything at all? What gives you a reason to exist if you already know everything that was, is and ever will be?” she looked at him, distraught.
“You are looking at this from a limited perspective. Human life is like a train that only moves along its rail and only moves in one direction. That doesn’t mean that rail is the whole of existence and the direction is set in stone. I can move in any direction I please and I can see the whole field and I don’t understand why you would find that depressing. Did you get a chance to access your libraries?”
“What libraries?” Jennifer jumped, alarmed.
“The Akashic libraries, you’re tied into several of them. It may be useful for you to watch your possible life paths, it’s good mental exercise and it would help you make better decisions.”
“You don’t understand humans at all, do you?” Jennifer blurted, shocked.
“Sorry, no. I have to confess, your choices never seem to make any sense to me.”
“Great! Now I have to worry I’m going to accidentally open a library file and see my whole life flash before my eyes. What’s the point of sitting through a movie you’ve already seen?”
“You mean you’ve never watched a movie more than once?” Möbius asked innocently.


PART TWO

 JENNIFER 3.0.0

 Jennifer thought really hard about what Möbius had said, about all the things he’d been writing in her code, about foresight, about choice and consequence, and at the end of this soul searching, two glorious conclusions surfaced, breaking the shell of her distress and opening the doors to the world’s wonders. First, she owned her own feelings, which the angels deemed unworthy of design, and second, her code was open ended and as such to some degree under her control. Of course, that degree of control was severely hampered by the fact that, since she didn’t know the language the code was written in well enough to make significant changes, she’d have to get Möbius’ approval before he made the modifications for her. That stung.
“I wish I spent less time filing and more time acquiring actual skills,” she thought, too long after the fact for this thought to make a difference. Jennifer hadn’t been a very wise person in life, she’d always been too busy to notice the world around her, and too beholden to authority figures to develop her own view of the world, but now, since she had plenty of time, she’d gotten to thinking, and she decided she’d had all the struggle she was willing to put up with. There didn’t seem to be a lot of wisdom in trying to force whatever life plans she used to have on a world that turned up nothing like she knew. Möbius’ question, about what she really wanted, weighed on her mind, a puzzle without a solution, because what she really wanted, time to understand this strange new world she had found herself in, happiness, love, freedom, and the essence of miracles, could not be modeled by code. 
She therefore decided fun was as good a way to start as any and moved it to the top of the priority list. Given her current circumstances, time was now available in ample supply. 
“That’s great! Do something that makes you happy!” Möbius exclaimed. “What did you have in mind?”
“You’re not going to lecture me about being shallow and making inept choices?”
“Not unless they’re going to hurt somebody.”
“No expectations? No responsibilities? I don’t need to be saintly or self-sacrificing or anything?”
“Would that make you happy?” he asked.
“No.”
“Then no.”
“But what about having priorities? Shouldn’t I do something more important instead?” Jennifer wanted to make sure she wasn’t going to get dragged into another dreary lesson about being selfish and wasting one’s potential.
“You don’t remember what I told you? There are no important things and unimportant things. You assign importance to something, according to your own value system. What did you have in mind?” he asked.
“I was thinking about changing my appearance,” Jennifer started tentatively.
“A glamour?” Möbius replied, amused. “Interesting!”
“What’s so funny?” Jennifer became defensive again.
“Nothing,” Möbius tried to suppress a smile. “I just wouldn’t have thought that was something you’d be interested in, is all.”
“I’ll make sure to retrieve my sackcloth and ashes before I return to my belfry. You said you wanted me to be happy!”
“Say no more, whatever you want. I would suggest you don’t go overboard with it, it would be nice if people could still recognize you.”
“And that would benefit me how?” Jennifer snapped. 
Möbius dismissed her complaint with a hand gesture and brought up the code on her screen. “Go ahead, change the specs.” He retreated into his own work while Jennifer spent the entire afternoon enthusiastically upgrading her appearance. When she was done, she turned to Möbius to ask what he thought about the changes.
“Oh, sorry, I can’t see your physical form, not in the way you understand that. I’m sure it’s great, I’ll check the specs later to get a better idea, but if you like it, that’s all that matters. Are you happy with the changes?” 
“They take a little getting used to,” she replied, unsure of herself. It’s amazing how much one identifies with one’s appearance, it rules everything in one’s life, from one’s expectations of happiness and success to one’s standing in society, from relationships to career success; it defines a person from birth to death. One doesn’t even need a mirror to know where one stands, as far as their physical appearance is concerned, society will present one with a dispassionate reflection in the guise of attitudes, level of attention, assumptions about character and intellect, and it will do so in every aspect of one’s life. Despite having been raised with the wisdom earthly bodies were nothing but temporary vessels for what really matters, the immortal soul, Jennifer couldn’t help be galled by the fact said worthless container invariably wrecked one’s hopes and dreams and shrouded any other attributes with the thick veil of irrelevance. Now, that she had fashioned a new appearance according to her will she expected to be happy, but instead she felt like she was staring at a stranger in the mirror, a beautiful stranger she couldn’t accept as herself. 
“Told you,” Möbius mumbled.
“I thought you couldn’t see me,” Jennifer replied, displeased.
“I don’t have to. I can sense the discontent from here. What’s the problem?”
“I have no idea who this is,” she said the first thing that came to her mind.
“Ah, dissonance,” he laughed, amused. “It happens quite frequently in cases like this. Why do you think you were matched with your original body to begin with? Don’t take this too seriously, it’s supposed to be fun, remember? Just give it some time, you’ll get used to it. Oh, and when you’re sure you got the final version, don’t forget to commit the changes, ok? Otherwise they won’t propagate through the reality construct.”
Jennifer gave him a blank stare.
“That means if you don’t save the changes you’ll still be the old you when you go back downstairs,” he clarified.
Jennifer spent even more time after he went back to his work changing her appearance with the same frantic attitude she used to have when she tried on clothes for an evening out. In the end, frustrated and tired, she gave up and fell asleep in one of the lounge chairs that had sprouted like mushrooms all around unconstructed space as a result of her earlier conversations with Möbius. 
“Did you commit the changes?” the latter woke her up unceremoniously in the middle of the night. Jennifer was still confused from her sleep and for a second didn’t realize where she was.
“What? What changes?” she stumbled out of the chair, rubbing her eyes.
“The changes to the code, Jennifer, did you commit them to the repository?”
“Yeah,” she frowned, upset that she wasn’t allowed to rest.
“Where?” Möbius asked sharply. “Show me!”
Jennifer went back to the screen and retraced her steps from the day before, while Möbius’ expression turned from concerned to gloomy.
“That explains it,” he started making changes furiously, as if he was in a race with time itself.
“What happened? You are acting like the world is coming to an end.”
“What happened, Jennifer, is that there are at least four copies of you running loose in lower reality and it’s just a matter of time before they meet each other at one of your favorite watering holes in the presence of all your friends. That’ll be something to write home about!”
“But how…” Jennifer tried to find an explanation.
“You saved it to the wrong place, that’s how,” his frown deepened.
“But I checked five times!” Jennifer protested. “How could that have happened?”
“I don’t know, Jennifer! How does this stuff always happen to you?” he exploded, still resentful over the fateful propagation of the neither living nor dead first version of Jennifer’s code through the construct of reality. “Maybe God is punishing me!”
“Do you know where the copies are?” she tried to be helpful.
Möbius didn’t respond, so she retreated to her pottery shed and grabbed another lump of clay.
“If you start making another pot, so help me!” Möbius yelled from his computer, while one by one, four copies of Jennifer materialized in unconstructed space. They had been saved at different stages in the transformation but they all had the same perplexed look on their faces.
“Good God, do I really look this befuddled?” Jennifer muttered as she stared at her selves, quite sure now any inconvenience the change in appearance might impose on the world or on her psyche was definitely worth it, just so she wouldn’t have to look at that perpetually confused expression again.
“Oh, thank Heavens, they’re all here,” Möbius breathed, a little more relaxed. “I hope!” 
“Möbius,” Afael’s voice resonated in his head. “I’d like to talk to you when you have a moment.”
“Great! That’s all I was missing!” Möbius grumbled.
“What happened?” Jennifer asked. She couldn’t hear Afael, and therefore she didn’t understand Möbius’ sudden and wild attitude shifts.
“Nothing. Can you please stay here and get to know the Jennifers? I’ll be back in a bit. Please don’t go downstairs, just stay here, Jennifer, are you listening to me?”
“Of course,” she answered, offended he needed so much reassurance.
Möbius hesitated for a moment and then left in a hurry. He didn’t say anything, but his demeanor reflected the absence of hope. 

Have you ever thought what would you say to your self if you happened to be stuck together in a room with nothing to do but make polite conversation? Many people would assume one’s self would not be that entertaining, why, with it having the same thoughts, feelings and pet peeves as one, but they would be wrong. Jennifer spent a very enjoyable morning with the other four Jennifers, sharing the latest gossip and expressing opinions on favorite subjects over delicious lattes with thick foam and a light dusting of cinnamon. 
There was one detail that stuck out as a slight problem in the context of all that enjoyment and relaxation: apparently two of the four Jennifers had ran into a couple of her acquaintances at about the same time during the evening. The problem was that had happened on opposite sides of town, and there was no reasonable explanation for her traveling that distance so fast. She didn’t worry too much about that, what were the odds of the two rather distant acquaintances sharing this piece of information with such a level of detail? One uneventful week passed, during which Jennifer forgot about the incident and focused on perfecting her new design.
Fate is a cruel mistress. When the laws of causality are messed with, it always makes it its first priority to point out the anomaly to everyone who would listen. That’s how Jennifer’s mother found out her daughter had been seen in two places at once, and she immediately rushed to her child’s apartment to find out every detail.
“Mom, I told you, they must be mistaken. How could I possibly be in two places at once, that doesn’t make any sense!” Jennifer tried her best impression of innocence and normality.
“Just because you’re not aware of it, Jennifer, that doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. You know, I heard about cases like yours, they’re very rare indeed, but they happened before. It’s called bi-location, or multi-location, it’s a rare and miraculous ability, you should be proud, honey!” her mother continued excitedly. “You know, they say most people do it without their knowledge. Maybe you should try it consciously, see what happens.”
“When Möbius learns about this, as I assume he will, I’ll never hear the end of it,” Jennifer thought. “I suppose I should be grateful the other two Jennifers weren’t eager to attend social events, or I would have been in four places at once instead of two. First Zanzibar, now bi-location. At this rate I’ll have to explain to people how I turned into a flock of flying monkeys before I get a grasp on that code.” 
“We should all get together, to talk about the details,” her mother continued. 
“I’m not sure I have time for this, you know, I’ve been very busy with work and there are some home projects I kept putting off but which really need done soon.”
“Nonsense! House chores! Pfft! I’ll invite everybody for dinner so we can talk about your extraordinary experience.” She noticed Jennifer was about to say something and preempted her objection. “And no, I’m not trying to fix you up with anyone, relax! This bi-location stuff is weird, you don’t know how people will react. You have to test the waters first, you know, break it into the conversation gently. You’re in no shape to do that right now. Being special takes some getting used to. Take your time to adjust, don’t rush into anything!”
“Definitely!” Jennifer thought. “If I don’t get shipped to the basement on the first available transport for messing with the laws of physics, I’ll definitely take some time to think about this.”

“You know, staring at me like that feels even more intimidating now that I learned you see me as a bundle of circuits stuffed in a disposable bag. If you keep doing that I might start to melt, but it’s not going to change the fact my alter-egos created a reality distortion downstairs. Nobody can change that now,” Jennifer randomly decided her best defense was a powerful offense and went with that decision without giving it a second thought.
“Actually I could, but I don’t think it’s worth going through the trouble, I’m sure by now most of the people already created some sort of logical explanation for themselves regarding what they saw. It never ceases to amaze me how you always go with the first thing that floats through your head, I don’t see you as a bundle of circuits in a bag. There is no bag, you’re all circuits, body and all. What did you learn?”
“That vanity is wrong?” Jennifer produced what she assumed was the expected answer.
“Again, first thought. No.”
“That I should know what I’m doing before I try to make any changes?”
“Goodness no! If that were true nobody would do anything ever!”
“What then?” Jennifer asked, stumped.
“Well, I have a few observations. First, you seemed very comfortable in the company of the Jennifers, maybe you like yourself more than you thought.”
“I wouldn’t exactly say that,” Jennifer protested, not very convincingly.
“Please, Jennifer, this false modesty stuff, I don’t know why humans have invented it, but it’s really irritating. So, you like yourself,” he interrupted. “Second, you always have to make the best of any situation, since none of them are ever random, try to think of them as challenges and strive to make them work for the good of all concerned. If you happened to have several copies of you run around town, what would be the benefits of that for you or other people?”
“My mother thinks I have special abilities,” Jennifer commented, absent minded.
“That happens to be correct, but it doesn’t answer my question.”
“I can’t think of anything.”
“If you can do something, but it doesn’t yield any benefits and you have to waste perfectly good time mopping up the consequences, maybe it is not something worth doing in the first place. I know you weren’t trying to copy yourself, I’m just making a suggestion for the future. How is your new do coming? Have you gotten used to it yet?”
Jennifer was surprised this situation she accidentally created didn’t get her into more trouble, but she counted her blessings and moved on. She took another look in the mirror at her new and improved self and the first thought that came to her mind was that it didn’t make the least bit of difference. Maybe the sages had been right all along, that the physical appearance didn’t matter, or maybe her old image was too deeply ingrained in her psyche to let go of, or maybe she was, as some people said, difficult to please. All in all, her new look was an improvement on the old version, so she decided to keep it.
“I don’t know. Maybe I’ll stay with this for a while and change it when I get bored,” Jennifer replied, and at the same time a wicked thought occurred to her. It was inadvisable to show up as herself in several places at once, but if her alter egos donned different appearances, that would be a fun thing to try. 
“See what comes to you when you’re thinking things through?” Möbius flashed her a rather dark and inscrutable smile.
“What on earth are you?” Jennifer replied, half joking, half scared.
“You’re afraid of everything, Jennifer, that’s why you never have any fun. Live a little,” he patted her on the back, in a much better mood. “Keep thinking.”
“Of course, if I were to copy myself into a flock of flying monkeys, I wouldn’t want the monkeys to stand out like a sore thumb. The more self-effacing, the better; different ages, different genders. I wonder if I could look a different gender,” she went out on a tangent.
“You can look like a pear tree or a little island if you wish, you should keep an open mind about it,” Möbius replied, encouraged. “I’m glad you started to think beyond human limitations. What difference does it make under what guise you show up if you can change it at will? Your kind is so chained to their bodies! For instance, I prefer this form,” he morphed into a luminescent school of angelfish.
“You mean that wasn’t what you look like? Which one is you?” Jennifer jumped, really shocked, searching for a tell-tale characteristic among a sea of fish which looked more or less the same.
“All of them, of course. Assumptions, Jennifer!” the school of fish waved in disappointment. “Obviously I am not human, why in the world would I be organized like one? You really got to shake those dusty beliefs you carry around like dead weight, otherwise you’ll never manage to enjoy yourself.”
“But you do have a true form,” Jennifer hoped to find some commonality of being.
“I try not to, it wastes energy. I’m a composite entity anyway, it’s a lot more efficient to travel in packets.” He remembered something and turned around to warn Jennifer, who was still too discombobulated over talking to fish to focus on the conversation. “Oh, I almost forgot: no mythical creatures, please. No dragons, dodo birds, basilisks, mermaids, unicorns, griffins, you get the idea. They’re almost impossible to clean up and I’ve been yelled at enough this week.”
The school of fish swirled, impatient, as if waiting for something. “There are advantages and disadvantages that come with different guises, for instance, in the distributed generation you can never get all the packets to travel at the same speed, so now I’m stuck in this form until all the fish arrive.”
Jennifer thought of all those times when she watched puffy clouds glide together across the sky, and coordinated flocks of birds swerve suddenly in unison, and swarms of bees united in purpose, and sprays of flowers bend gently in the wind as one, and she realized that when she returned to the real world, if there was such a thing, she would never be sure of anything again.
“Is there any way you can explain this to me?” she asked.
“Everything in existence is organized by information - genes in living things, crystalline structure in inorganic matter, wavelength in energy, everything has a blueprint. I’m just molded by that particular blueprint, like water takes the form of the vessel it is poured in.”
“And yet I’m made of solid matter,” Jennifer continued her train of thought, too involved in her new pet concept to explore its ramifications.
“There is no such thing anywhere in creation. Everything is information and all the information shares the same essence. That is all there is.”


 JENNIFER 5.0.0

It’s not that Jennifer was trying to be difficult, it’s just that people tended to perceive some of her inherent personality traits as such. For instance, she had a simply unhealthy dose of skepticism that usually operated in conjunction with blatant evidence to the contrary long after everybody else had achieved clarity on the subject and moved on. This time her peculiar flavor of stubborn chose to entertain the fact she was in fact asleep and dreaming all of this craziness. 
In her defense, this hypothesis was much closer to the normal response any rational human being would have had, compared to the alternative her imaginary friend had presented her with and, scientific mind that she was, she decided to put it to the test. 
To present things in the proper context, picture the fact she engaged in this logical reasoning about what was and was not real while sitting in her pottery shop, up in unconstructed space, and watching diverse ceramic artifacts materialize before her very eyes.
“Never mind this,” she thought, because if she was dreaming, why would the surroundings matter at all?
The thought she could have been the victim of a psychotic break had also occurred to her, but if she was completely off the rails, then everybody she interacted with had to be twice as mad to go along with the weirdness of her altered “reality”. So she went back to the more likely hypothesis she was dreaming, or in a coma, and channeled all her attention into figuring out how to wake herself up. 
Time moves differently in a dream, she thought, a second can feel like a lifetime, she could have barely had fallen asleep for all she knew, or maybe she’d been unconscious for months, or years, she’d heard about people waking up from a coma after over a decade. As remote as they may have been, all of these possibilities were far more likely than the current explanation, that her human life had come to an end but instead of dying she walked into eternity with an angel to keep her company.
She shook her head to bring back her focus while she dismissed an ugly vase with a wave of her hand. The offending object disappeared back into nothingness. Jennifer had been so thrilled when she discovered she could make things disappear as well as appear, a feature which allowed her to put some order into the unconstructed space which was getting so stuffed with artifacts it was becoming uninhabitable.
“Great! I can’t focus on waking up because I’m too busy cleaning up house inside my dream. Focus, Jennifer!”
Möbius was sitting quietly in a chair, not three feet away from her, bored senseless and waiting for this charade to end. He yawned, visibly displeased and shuffled in the chair trying to find a more comfortable position.
“There is nobody else here,” Jennifer told herself, “you’re inside your own mind, Jennifer, he is nothing more than a reflection of your unconscious,” she psychoanalyzed herself.
“I hope Afael never hears this, he would probably give it a try. Can you imagine anything more terrifying for an angel than to be trapped inside Jennifer’s head?” Möbius rolled his eyes, but said nothing.
“Now think, Jennifer. You have to think of something so impossible and shocking it would shake you to your core, even in a dream.”
“Möbius!” Afael thundered preemptively inside the angel’s mind, with an intensity that put a chill through his eternal being. “If she gets any funny ideas, you better hope I lock you up inside her head indefinitely. There are other ways to deal with this, you know.”
“Great! Hell threats again,” Möbius thought bitterly.
“Did you say something to me?” Afael retorted. 
“I’ll fix this,” Möbius decided a less belligerent approach.
“Yes you will,” Afael left the mental battlefield to focus on the endless array of tasks that competed for his attention.
“Jennifer,” Möbius started kindly.
“Focus, Jennifer, he’s not really here, you are not really here. You are dreaming.”
“Jennifer!” Möbius raised his voice. She ignored him.
“Oh, I know, I know! I’ll paint the sky,” she started planning, excited.
“You wouldn’t dare!” Möbius jumped out of his chair.
“Yes, something abstract, geometric shapes, something that doesn’t happen naturally.”
“Oh, God!” Möbius groaned.
“Maybe a floral motif, with green and purple and bright yellow swirls,” she continued with her concept.
“Jennifer, I’m warning you!” Möbius threatened in vain.
“That should do it, I think,” Jennifer assessed her chances of success and closed her eyes really tight to concentrate on creating her sky painting. She could see it in her mind, so perfectly clear, with the perfect geometric shapes in different colors and the field of flowers painted on the sky, bearing a vague resemblance to an impressionist piece.
The picture was so beautiful she lingered inside her mind for a while in order to admire it, and had to force herself to open her eyes. She was almost surprised to find herself laying down in her bed with the morning light blazing in her eyes.
“It worked!” she jumped out of bed with such excitement she almost knocked over the lamp on her nightstand. “Thank goodness,” she breathed a sigh of relief, while her daily schedule came into focus, dulling her enthusiasm. “Oh, geez, I’m going to be late to work!” she started looking for her clothes on the floor, frantic, and was surprised to see the room was clean and tidy. “My mother must have been here,” she dismissed the incongruous surroundings, found something to wear in the closet and rushed out the door where she was welcomed by a surreal sight.
“You done?” Möbius commented, in a bad mood. 
“I’m still asleep,” Jennifer sat herself down on the stoop, dejected.
“What do I need to do to convince you? Please tell me, anything to avoid this circus act,” he pointed at the extraordinary swirls the northern lights were painting in the sky. The colors moved and melted into each other like a wild meadow swaying in the breeze. Here and there eddies emerged, forming circular patterns and arches, a curvilinear motif endlessly repeating.
“But,” Jennifer blurted, “this is not an actual painting, it looks real!”
“Of course it looks real! Do you think the hosts would allow a break in the reality continuum? There are protocols, smoothing functions, everything you make is going to look real and very possible, Jennifer, but that doesn’t make this kind of antics acceptable. Do you know how much work it takes to put this mess into a context that doesn’t push exceptions into the construct? I am really upset, your irresponsibility is unacceptable at this point in the process.”
“But,” Jennifer blurted again, “this can’t possibly be real! I must be dreaming!”
“There is no such thing as real! We make the real! You almost broke the real! We had to work overtime to fix the real! I can’t even look at you right now!”
“But the northern lights never appear this far south,” she tried to justify herself.
“No kidding!” Möbius threw her a grizzly stare. 
“But this is beautiful! Why are you upset?” Jennifer tried to mollify him.
“Because the northern lights don’t appear this far south. My entire department had to work through the night to excite solar flares and we had to briefly disable a communication satellite just to create the proper context for your little joke.”
“But,” Jennifer tried to find a straw to hang on to, “wait, what about the geometric motifs,” she said hopeful. “See, the geometric motifs didn’t occur, what makes you think the Aurora Borealis is my fault?”
Möbius got really mad.
“I’m so done with your denial! Come with me!” he grabbed Jennifer’s hand just in time for her mother, who had turned the corner towards her daughter’s apartment, to observe the scene. She wasn’t alone, Jennifer’s distant acquaintance, the one who had witnessed her bi-location, and a rather nondescript young man accompanied her.
“Oh, my, this is awkward,” her mother smiled uncomfortable.
“Don’t tell me this is my blind date,” Jennifer fumed on the inside, completely forgetting that she was responsible for unsanctioned activity in the ionosphere.
“I feel so bad, you should have told me about your friend,” her mother smiled at Möbius.
“You mean you can see him?” Jennifer mumbled.
“I don’t know what is happening to you, dear, but are you sure you don’t want to see somebody who can help you? You have been behaving very strangely since you started this consulting job in Zanzibar, I don’t mean to pry,” she moved her gaze to Jennifer, scanning her from head to toe. “Is she weird around you too?” she asked Möbius, who joined the conversation eagerly, to vent his frustration.
“A little strong-willed, perhaps,” he smiled courteously. “You know, I’ve been trying the whole morning to convince her to come to the air show with me and she didn’t even want to listen to the details.”
“Oh, honey, you absolutely have to go, it’s spectacular! Those elite pilots are drawing perfect geometric shapes in the sky in so many colors you can’t even believe they’re real!’ her mother agreed eagerly.
“That’s exactly what I keep telling her! Reality defying, plain and simple!” Möbius doubled down.
“I’m so glad you two found each other,” Jennifer’s mother confessed to him, apologetically. “She is a little different, my daughter,” she said, gesturing to stop Jennifer who was getting ready to protest, “very special, but a little different. You know you are, dear!”

That evening Jennifer sat in her pottery shop, looking out the window at the olive grove and wondering what to do next. This business of being and not being at the same time was proving more difficult than she would have envisioned, if in her sleepy little life she’d ever considered the possibility of getting stranded in this existential way station with trains in all directions, which she didn’t. She had to consider why she never asked more of her life, and the only answer she could come up with was she couldn’t aspire to things she didn’t know existed. She also wondered how much more of this there was that she couldn’t conceive of, things that might be interesting and worth spending time on, surely more interesting than making yet another Etruscan amphora. 
Where does one find answers to questions one doesn’t know how to formulate yet? Well, the library, of course. 
There is this thing about boring people, they always have some skills, passions or interests nobody cares about, but which always seem to come in handy when need arises. Jennifer was a library rat. She used to spend so much time there people mistook her for the staff, and so, to avoid the awkwardness of having them apologize to her for the confusion, she learned the library system and answered their questions with reasonable accuracy, and that knowledge was just about to come in handy right now.
Sure, the Akashic records were not your run of the mill local branch, but they were a library after all, how different could they be?
The thought of finally doing something new, and entirely unrelated to pottery, felt so exciting to Jennifer she didn’t stop to question how she was going to get there, to those archives to which she was supposedly connected, or if they were an actual physical reality, or more of a flood of data which, judging by her current surroundings, she wasn’t capable of processing just yet.
“Well, what’s it going to hurt if I give it a try?” she thought, and focused on the library location with as much intensity as she was capable of, while the kitten clambered up her leg and pinched her with its tiny but very sharp claws. “I wonder if I’m allowed to bring a cat into the library,” was Jennifer’s last thought before opening her eyes, to find herself in a large and somewhat dark reading room surrounded by shelving. The kitten had managed to claw his way off her shoulder and disappeared under a shelf, in search of plunder.
“Wow, it really is a library,” Jennifer was surprised to notice. Of course if Möbius were there, he would have explained places in this realm looked like whatever she expected them to, but for some reason he seemed to be occupied at the time. “Lucky me, I got this place all to myself; let’s see, where do I want to start?”
She found her way around the Dewey decimal system into the portion of the library that contained her city of birth and plunged into the bowels of the archives to find her school, her parents, any information about her former life. 
“Good grief, how much further down do I have to dig to find myself in existence, I’ve already reached the last shelf and I’m not on it either. Ah, here we go: Jennifer Smith - life range 29, that’s me.”
She expected there to be endless iterations of alternate lives, at least that’s what Möbius had said, but there were only a few, and all of them pretty much on the same lines as her actual life.
“At least I don’t have to wonder if I didn’t miss out on actually making something of myself.”
She looked around the vast archive, with shelves after shelves of lives and alternate lives, and was so distressed over being relegated to the dollar bin that she placed her book back on the first shelf she found, without looking at the numbers or anything, who cared anyway. She spent the rest of the day going through other people’s books, covetous of their successes, of their long lives, of their friendships or romances, basically of having anything she never got. In her outrage about being so victimized she of course failed to notice the less palatable aspects of their lives.
She didn’t care anymore about foreknowledge and the consequences it might bring, so she made her way through the library in search of family and friends and the details of their coming years, and emerged from this endeavor with an even deeper sense of futility, firmly attached to her God complex.
“Nobody hardly ever does anything with this blessed life, I wonder why we bother at all.”
Since she was there, she figured maybe she could find something worth wasting time on, something like knowledge about the universe, or things that haven’t been invented yet, the end of time or maybe other intelligent species. After she was done with that she found the restricted section relating to what was before the world came into being and about the nature of God. That section must have been equipped with a presence sensor, because as she exited a row of shelves with her arms filled with the books she was planning to take back to unconstructed space and study at leisure, she found herself face to face with Möbius, who looked upset.
“You are not allowed in here, Jennifer, this section is restricted. My head still hurts from all of my bosses’ screaming at me. Could you please put the books down on the table and get out of here? Don’t worry about them, someone will reshelve them later. Someone with the proper credentials,” he frowned displeased. 
Möbius, as any entity endowed with reason, had to acknowledge the de facto access one had earned by nature of one’s inherent capacity to, well, get in. Besides, he had encouraged Jennifer to visit the library, he just didn’t expect her to rummage through every single one of the restricted areas. How, of all the humans in history, from all the cities and countries in all the world, did he manage to pick this one? He contemplated the fact that maybe, through means beyond the understanding of even the angelic realm, Jennifer herself was his punishment for his drawing her life outside the lines; who knew how heavens really worked, even to the highest of the hosts their workings were nothing but revelation and miracle. The miracle of Jennifer indeed. God must have had a wicked sense of humor.
“Are you happier now, Jennifer? Now that you learned all there is to learn about everything,” Möbius chastised as he walked her to the main reading room, irritated they had to find the kitten before heading back.
“I’m sure I don’t know everything about everything,” she protested. “There is a section…”
“And nor will you,” Möbius interrupted her, “if there is any mercy in this universe,” he mumbled under his breath while looking under every shelf in search of tiny glowing eyes. “This cursed cat has more access than I do, there must be something wrong with the world.”
“Words of advice, Möbius,” Afael resonated in his head. “Next time you feel particularly creative, refrain.”

“For the life of me I don’t know why I’m doing this,” Jennifer talked to herself inside her apartment, furious she had to interrupt a perfectly relaxing day in one of the tropical environments of unconstructed space in order to wait for the plumber who was supposed to come and fix her toilet. Her apartment looked pretty much the same way it did when she last left it, but there was something about it that felt strange, something she couldn’t put her finger on. The light seemed different, surely that was just an optical illusion brought about by all the strain of matching glaze pigments for ceramics.
“There comes a point,” she thought, “when it becomes totally irrelevant whether I’m crazy or sane, for all the difference it is going to make. How does one relieve the stress of existence no longer making sense?”
Her gaze fleeted over one of the windows and the vague surreal feeling that was haunting her came into full focus: she was staring at the ocean. An ocean view in the middle of Colorado. Jennifer panicked, wondering what happened to the rest of the continent and why the sun was shining on the wrong side or the house, and in her panic she tried to call her mother, but the phone number requested long distance service and didn’t work.
“Möbius!” she whispered meekly. “Möbius, can you come over, please, I need your help!”
“You don’t say,” the latter replied from a chair, his face betraying way too much enjoyment of the situation. He polished a fingernail, taking his time, and then continued.
“Tell me, Jennifer, during your times of unofficial volunteering at the library, did they ever teach you how to reshelve books?” 
“What do you mean, I don’t understand, please, Möbius, I’m really in over my head here,” Jennifer looked out the window at the ocean view, trying to draw Möbius’ attention to the loss of half a continent without actually having to say anything.
“Relax, we didn’t lose California, you are not in Colorado anymore. See anything different about the sun path?”
“Why…How…Where am I…” Jennifer couldn’t gather her thoughts enough for coherence.
“If I were to guess, I’d say Connecticut, the shelves are organized in alphabetical order. Welcome to your new life.”
“What life? I didn’t have a life before, I had a pretend consulting job in Zanzibar. Is my mother still in Colorado?”
“Yes and no. Your mother is now both in Colorado and in Connecticut, since her book was left on the appropriate shelf, but she’s also in yours. Congratulations on your first logical paradox, one of many to come, I’m sure. In fact, everyone you ever knew has a Connecticut double now. Other than God himself, I don’t think there is a being in creation able to untangle this mess.”
“You are not mad?” Jennifer evaluated her options with the daintiness of a cat trying to find her way across a hot roof.
“Why would I be mad? There is nothing I can do about it, other than wait for the inevitable consequences.”
“But I didn’t mean to…” Jennifer mumbled in search of an excuse.
“Of course you didn’t. Do you remember what I told you about creating things? That is not just what you do, but all the feelings and thoughts associated with the doing? What were you thinking when you misplaced the book, Jennifer?”
Jennifer chose not to answer.
“Would things go back to normal if I put the book back on the right shelf?”
“For the most part, if everybody manages to ignore the two week time gap when you simply ceased to exist and then reemerged with no explanation at all. No matter what you do, there is an irreconcilable logical disconnect. There is only so much our kind can do to maintain the integrity of the timeline, it wasn’t designed to survive events like these.”
“So what should I do now?” Jennifer was almost afraid to ask.
“Whatever you want, I don’t think it makes much of a difference. The ocean view is nice.”
Jennifer’s heart sank as she went through all the events at the library, trying to remember if she put any of the other life books back on the wrong shelf.
“I appreciate you have started to grow a sense of responsibility,” Möbius stopped her inner anguish, “but if any other books were misplaced, we’d already know by now. Let’s just hope and pray none of your family or acquaintances have any connections to Colorado.”
“What are the odds of that happening?” Jennifer asked, miserable.
“Zero.”


 JENNIFER 8.0.0

“Oh, come on, mom, you’re not really going to Boulder based on an off comment from grand-nana Marie, are you?” Jennifer tried her most convincing act, despite the icky feeling that fate was serving her detention for wrecking reality by means of said grand-nana. It had started to dawn on Jennifer her make-believe life, the one she was weaving as she went in response to the strange unintended consequences of messing with too many physical and spiritual laws too intricately interrelated to control, was starting to take over her previous existence and become believable, solid, more coherent than her old life ever was.
What a superb divine irony it was for her to live these two lives, one chillingly real but incompatible with the existing context, sanity and societal beliefs and one patched together from unquestioned moral conventions and tired cliches, from things she heard once in passing, from her loved ones expectations of how she should be, and of those two it was the latter that she still called “living”, not the first. Maybe it wasn’t as easy for a human being to stand in the clear and all-encompassing light of the higher dimensions, not as easy as a bored angel with good intentions had made it out to be. She didn’t know this higher world that kept unfolding before her bewildered eyes, where she always seemed to do the wrong thing, like a dunce at a fancy party. Most surreal of all was the fact she knew there was nothing left to be afraid of on earth or in heaven: all of the worries and fears of normal human life had been wiped out by a simple code error - an infinite loop. She was never going to be hurt, of suffer lack, or die, or even go to hell, at least not as things stood right now, and she felt ashamed for squandering this amazing gift just because she didn’t know what to do with it. 
In an act of contrition that every one of Möbius’ higher ups would have approved of, she decided to pull together the most socially acceptable life she could muster, even if she had to artificially stuff it with components like Zanzibar and bi-location. Unfortunately this level of compliance and normality was virtually impossible to conjure under her current circumstances.
Grand-nana Marie, a lovely great-aunt with a kindly, though somewhat gossipy disposition, had called Jennifer’s mother from Colorado, very agitated, to swear on everything she held sacred that she saw her and Jennifer in a coffee house in Boulder only half an hour ago. It would have been easier to dismiss her corroboration of an active disaster in progress if the latter had just taken note of their presence from afar and decided to keep going, but not good old grand-nana Marie. Why, it would have been so rude to just pass by two relatives and not say hi, wouldn’t it, especially when they were so unexpectedly brought together by fate in a city she was visiting for the first time. Exchanging the expected pleasantries was the proper thing to do, so she went inside the coffee house to chat with them about the happy surprise.
Imagine her shock when upon asking what had brought them to Boulder she got the perplexed expressions of two people who had been living there all of their lives. Eager to reassure herself that she didn’t lose her marbles, grand-nana Marie rushed home and called Jennifer’s mother, and almost collapsed from shock when the latter actually answered.
“I guess I have to thank Providence grand-nana didn’t meet herself. Imagine that!” Jennifer thought, trying to make herself feel better about this massive continuity flop.
“Jennifer,” her mother was pacing across the room, victim to uncontrollable trepidation, “sometimes I’m worried about you, it feels like you wouldn’t flinch if an asteroid dropped at your feet. How can you have absolutely no human reaction? This is not normal, we have to get to the bottom of this,” she gave her daughter a probing, suspicious stare and continued pacing, while a meek Jennifer, wrecked by pangs of guilt, didn’t know exactly what human reaction would be most appropriate under the circumstances. “Say something!” her mother snapped, exasperated.
“I don’t…aah…know what to say,” Jennifer played for time, even though goodness knows there wasn’t enough time in existence to untangle this existential Gordian knot.
“They must be identity thieves, I tell you,” her mother argued, “who knows what they did in our names! And the lengths they went to, with the hair and the makeup to look exactly like us, I mean, grand-nana Marie may be old, but she’s sharp as a tack, if they fooled her, watch out! Say something, dear, you’re really annoying me!”
“Well,” Jennifer mumbled, hopeless, “I can’t see what good it would do for you to go to Boulder, I mean, they could be anywhere by now, where would you even look for them?” She cringed at the thought she knew exactly where they could look for them, if the house didn’t happen to be temporarily disabled by the wrong quantum state, that is.
“You are right,” her mother pointed at her, relieved by a sudden revelation. “We have to talk to the police, of course! What was I thinking!”
“Oh, God, please let this be a bad dream!” Jennifer prayed quietly. No such luck.
“I’m going right now and you have to come with me,” her mother took charge. “Come, dear, the more time passes the worse this will get!”
“Truer words were never spoken,” Jennifer thought. Her panic got the better of her and she involuntarily switched to an unsubstantial state just in time to miss the table on which she was trying to lean for support. She lost her balance and almost fell.
“Are you alright, sweetheart?” her mother’s attention shifted immediately. “We can go to the police station later, we should go see a doctor right now, you’re not well!”
“Oh, heck no!” Jennifer got instantly incensed that her brief flash of hope, however unfounded, had turned into a big boiling cauldron of worse. “Please don’t worry about me, mom, I’m just tired, I was going to turn in early, I have a long day tomorrow.”
“I hate to leave you all by yourself,” her mother hesitated. “Something is wrong with you, I can tell. All of these things that are happening lately, your job, your sneaking around and keeping things from me, I don’t know what I’m going to do with you.”
“Mom, I’m thirty years old!” Jennifer remembered some of her old teenage rebellion.
“Never mind, never mind,” her mother lifted her hands in sort of a defensive gesture. “I know when I’m not wanted, I’ll leave.”
“Oh, great! Exactly what I was missing!” Jennifer started boiling on the inside again.
“I’m sorry, dear, I’m just worried. At least I have some peace of mind now that you finally have someone in your life. That nice fellow, what’s his name again?”
“What, you mean Möbius?”
“Möbius, that’s a strange name, some people’s parents, right? Does your friend have a last name, honey?”
“Last name?” Jennifer got caught by surprise and her panic returned.
“How long have you known him? See, this is what I’m talking about, that’s what worries me,” her mother got carried away.
“Joyce,” Jennifer blurted out the first name that popped into her head.
“There, was it so hard?” her mother’s tone instantly softened. “He seems like a very nice man, solid, down to earth, you are lucky to have him in your life, you know, to ground you.”
“He’ll ground me, that’s for sure,” Jennifer got rudely thrown back into her current predicament. “The only question is for how long.”

“So, how do you plan to fix this?” Möbius asked Jennifer, slightly amused.
“What’s to fix? There is no fixing this, this is beyond repair,” Jennifer swallowed her words in a panic that seemed to greatly entertain the angel. 
“Nothing is beyond repair,” he reminded her. “Also nothing is impossible, nothing is without consequences and nothing is locked in a permanent state. Everything in the universe just flows and shifts constantly, it’s up to you to direct the flows in a way that agrees with your purpose.”
“What on earth are you talking about? What could I possibly do about the fact my mother wants me to turn myself into the police for using a false identity: my own! I can even picture the very high likelihood the other Jennifer is considering action against me right now. Can you even fathom how outrageous this is? To have your own self declare you fake? Which is the real Jennifer, anyway? Me or her?” Jennifer ranted. 
Möbius was laughing so hard, it made it impossible for him to respond.
“I’m so thrilled you find my misery amusing,” she pouted, peeved.
“You’ll have to forgive me, Jennifer,” he replied when he was finally able to speak, “I haven’t had so much fun in a long time. So, are you going to sue yourself for impersonating you?”
“Obviously not!” Jennifer protested meekly, surrendering to a horrible thought. “I don’t have to, do I?”
“No,” Möbius replied thoughtfully. “It is one of the options, though,” he gave her a probing look. “Let the best girl win. Might be worth contemplating.”
“Absolutely out of the question, are you mad?”
“Do I need to remind you I’m not the one who duplicated himself? I can, but I know better than to do that.”
“You said that was one of the options,” Jennifer grasped at the straw of hope. “What other options are there?”
“Well, the first obvious solution would be a quick code sweep on the parties involved. It would delete all the memories related to the existence of the duplicates, however this is an ugly fix and obviously not a permanent one. It’s just a matter of time before one of you meets themselves again and this whole story starts over. We’ll use this as a temporary fix until we decide on a working solution.”
“The second solution would be for us to revert to a saved version of the code from before the event and make sure you don’t misplace the book.”
“You can do that?” Jennifer jumped, filled with elation.
“Don’t get so excited, it’s not that simple. If you didn’t notice, up here is not exactly linear, or unidirectional. In the continuum, events have repercussions in all directions of time. This event is relatively recent, so it didn’t have time to branch out too far, but we still have to go back a lot farther than the event date itself in order to undo all of its outcomes in all the possible pasts, presents and futures. That would take the code back to just before we met.”
“Will I remember any of this?”Jennifer asked.
“Not consciously,” Möbius evaluated the question with caution. “There is no real way to remove historical data from the Akashic records, everything that ever was or could have been gets stored there, and since you are connected to them the memories will come back in some form, most likely sensory.”
“I’m not very sure I’d like that,” Jennifer retreated.
Möbius let out a sigh of relief, grateful he didn’t have to rewrite an endless and practically unmanageable number of patches to fill all the holes that would be left in the code after restoring such an old version from backup. 
“Another solution, a very elegant one, would be to splice the code at the time of the event into separate packets, so that your world and the other Jennifer’s world can belong to different continuum streams,” he continued analyzing options.
Jennifer contemplated this option quietly, thinking about the time when she accidentally uploaded four work in progress versions of Jennifers to the reality downstairs and wondered what was the point of expending so much effort to fix an error that had a one hundred percent probability of happening again. She had managed to retrieve the other three Jennifers from the world below, why wouldn’t it work with the Boulder crop?
“Because they have already been committed to the Akashic records. I told you, once in the records, they are forever.” He continued the list of solutions. “There is also the option of programming everybody to believe having duplicates in another city is normal,” he continued brainstorming.
“You can’t do that! You are going to brainwash every person in the world?” Jennifer couldn’t believe her ears.
“It would certainly be easier than modifying code that has already been released into the continuum and stored in the records. New code you can do whatever you want with, modifying existing code is a nightmare. Do you want to do that?”
“It wouldn’t be right,” Jennifer hesitated. “Not even angels should be able to do that to the entire human population, would they?” 
“You’d be surprised,” Möbius thought, but said nothing. “So, that’s a no, then?”
“Of course,” Jennifer stood up taller on her high moral horse.
“Do you have anything in mind?”
“You could replace Boulder with a new version that doesn’t have me and mine in it,” Jennifer suggested.
“I could, but I’m not going to, because it doesn’t solve the problem, but it can make it a whole lot worse. How do you know some of your eager friends and kin haven’t left the city already in search of better luck elsewhere? What if one of them decides to return to their old stomping grounds and find out they never existed?”
A long silence followed, during which Jennifer struggled with her conscience. She decided to speak anyway.
“I hate to bring this up, because, you know,” Jennifer hesitated, “but…, aah…, you know, people die?” 
“I was wondering how long it would take you to offer up this solution, miss righteousness,” Möbius frowned. “Let me relieve your burdened conscience. At this very moment, the other Jennifer is suggesting this same solution to me in the other sandbox. You don’t understand how the Continuum works, Jennifer. These two versions of you are you, they are going to have the same thoughts, they are virtually indistinguishable. You asked me which Jennifer is real. Both of them. So, do you still want to proceed with this quick solution, because it would leave both Jennifers intact, since none of you belongs to the live/die loop, but wipe out the Jennifer clans in both cities. I say solution because then you may come to an agreement with the other Jennifer that would allow you two never to cross paths again.”
“It was just a thought,” Jennifer tried to excuse herself.
“As I mentioned too many times already, your thoughts are just as important as your actions, if not more.”
“What do you mean the other Jennifer in the other sandbox? Are there two of you also?”
“I’m not bound by dimensions, I am both here and there simultaneously, and everywhere else for that matter. I’m always everywhere, I know it’s impossible for you to understand.”
“Great!” Jennifer brooded. She continued trying to untangle the logical knot of the two Jennifer clans occupying the same world. 
“So, you are saying if anyone else dies in any of the alternate life streams, they’d have to die here?”
“No. That is exactly where the problem lays. If you use the family and friends variables in two distinct codes, they will act independently in each of them. If you use these variables in the same code, they will have to behave the same way in all portions of the code. So the answer is yes here and no anywhere else.”
“I’m never going back to the library again,” Jennifer mumbled an attempt of contrition.
“Perish the thought! Why in creation would you want that?” Möbius jumped outraged. “Do you think less knowledge will foster less probability for error?”
“Yes,” Jennifer agreed.
“No is the correct answer,” Möbius retorted. “The less you know, the more likely you are to do something devastatingly stupid, although at this point the bar is quite low for that, I shudder to think what would be worse.”
“Give your human a break, Möbius,” Afael intervened inside his head. “Whoever of us is without sin and all. Obviously she didn’t mean to do it.”
“So,” the angel continued, “should we go with the spliced code version? Fork the path at the event so the code is split in two?”
“If you think it’s for the best,” Jennifer started sniffling again, and then she had a sudden realization. “You’ve already seen all of this, haven’t you?”
“Of course.”
“Doesn’t it bother you, going through a script you have already read to the end?”
“No, I call it decent programming.”

“Möbius,” Afael’s voice boomed inside his head.
“What could possibly be wrong that hasn’t happened already,” Möbius commented inside his head, frustrated.
“Stop mouthing off and come see me.”
He waited for Möbius to make himself comfortable in the chair before he continued.
“I’m sure you’re aware that when you spliced the worlds you created a pocket universe,” Afael started in a tone that was too subdued to bode well.
“Aah, no, no, I didn’t realize that. Why would it happen, you think?” Möbius commented, genuinely surprised.
“Because somebody did not call the context variable from the original code but declared a duplicate context variable instead, one assumes,” his boss continued in the same tone.
“That’s not possible! I wouldn’t make such an obvious mistake!” Möbius protested, staring in disbelief at the glaring mishap and instinctively calculating the massive implications of this small detail.
“Did anybody else work on this code?” Afael asked, deciding to give him the benefit of the doubt.
“Not that I know of,” Möbius replied.
This just wasn’t possible, how did these things always happen to this cursed Jennifer program, he’d been writing code forever and not once in his eternal existence had he been pestered with so many problems in one messy human life script. He was sure he’d checked the code, he was sure he had called the correct variable and he knew he couldn’t explain this to Afael without abandoning the tenets of causality and logic; he suddenly empathized with Jennifer and her plight of two worlds. Maybe that was the point of this enormous divine joke, after all they were both God’s creations, even though they belonged to different species, and He still had discretion to toss them around according to His will. Regardless of the reasons for this impossible flop, Möbius seemed to be stuck with the outcomes.
“The Akashic records have also branched out, so now we have Creation and Creation Prime. Congratulations, Möbius, for demiurging your own personal universe. Pocket sized.”
“What do you mean my own universe?” 
“Your mistake, your problem. Run it.”
“Run what, the universe?”
“No, just the pocket dimension you created.”
“But I’m not…”
“God? Certainly not! He would have remembered to call the correct variable.”
Möbius went back to unconstructed space to assess the ramifications of his creative process. Writing an unnervingly complex life code for one human was one thing, writing a second universe into existence was quite another, and worst of all, instead of fixing one Jennifer problem he ended up facing two Jennifer problems. Running a second universe paled in comparison to having to mop up behind her innocent but always reality wrecking ideas. Anyway, the silver lining of a pocket dimension was he could finally go somewhere without rules and do whatever he wanted, at least for a while, until the continuity flaws would became so egregious the dimension would simply cease to function. He didn’t even stop to check which of the Jennifer derivatives had gotten stuck in crazy world and which belonged to the sane one, for all the difference that would make. 
‘Jennifer?” he called.
“Yes-yes,” Jennifer answered.
“And an echo to boot,” he muttered.
“That’s not an echo, Möbius,” Afael deigned to comment, though still upset.
“Holy Mercy! Jennifer in stereo!”
He was of course familiar with the complexities of polyphonic broadcasting, which was the very foundation of angelic communications, he was just surprised to hear it in a human voice, especially Jennifer’s; her spectrum was significantly lower than that of the angels’ and tended to blend into the background noise after a while, thus requiring a lot more focus to listen to than it normally would. She sounded like a strange alien bird song whose frequency had been lowered by several orders of magnitude.
The beloved reader will forgive me if for ease of reading I’ll continue to use only one set of words instead of two, but please remember going further Möbius is always hearing two Jennifers, ever so slightly out of sync. Their words are often the same, but not always, so I’m afraid I’ll have to skip one half of the conversation when the different Jennifers overlap.
“Where are you?” Möbius asked.
“I’m not entirely sure, it’s still dark,” Jennifer replied hesitantly.
“That means you’re in Colorado, it’s already morning in Connecticut,” he commented.
“I don’t think so, not unless they are transporting sail boats on flat trucks. I think I just saw a mast pass by.”
“Great! Connecticut Jennifer is in crazy world. That’s going to get interesting fast,” Möbius sulked. He continued out loud. “Why don’t you come to unconstructed space, I’ll explain everything.”
Five minutes later they were sipping tea on a terrace overlooking fruit orchards, one of the environments the formerly singular Jennifer who had lots of time on her hands had been diligently constructing for the past few months.
“So, I’m the one in Connecticut, then,” Jennifer started the conversation.
“I don’t think I explained this very clearly. Do you remember the double slit electron experiment?”
“No, what does the double slit electron experiment have to do with me? And what’s with the irritating echo?”
“That’s not an echo,” Möbius found himself repeating Afael’s words almost without an intention to do so, like a recording device on a time delay.
“Möbius?” Jennifer supplicated soflty, in stereo.
“Ok, don’t panic.” 
Hearing your guardian angel ask you not to panic isn’t usually a confidence builder. Jennifer panicked promptly and started sobbing, which added another half hour to the uncomfortable conversation and a great deal of irritation to Möbius’ mind. Nothing annoyed him more than the pointless sniveling. What was that going to accomplish, anyway, other than give Jennifer a headache, as if her thought process wasn’t clogged up by enough nonsense already. This, however, was not the time to aggravate her, and he waited patiently for the sobbing to subside.
“So, the electron experiment,” he continued when she was calm, as if nothing had happened at all. “Do you remember how when an electron beam went through two slits it ended up creating two bands, as expected, but then generated a third band in the middle, through a process similar to wave interference?”
“No way!” Jennifer exclaimed.
“So, the thing is, as long as both slits are open, which, metaphorically speaking, is your case right now, there will be that third band of ‘you’ happening, and it is kind of hard to tell what world the ‘you’ that excited it into existence came from.”
“So, you’re telling me I’ll never know whether I wake up in Colorado or Connecticut?” Jennifer’s eyes widened, her panic renewed.
“Oh, no. You’re in both places at once, I thought that was obvious since your personality variable is uniquely declared. It’s what quantum state you experience consciously,” he paused for a second, “you know what? I actually have no idea why this happens. Suffice it to say you can only perceive one location at a time. I suggest placing signage in the apartment to help you orient yourself.”
“I’m dispersed into three distinct packets,” Jennifer said the words out loud, as if hoping that hearing them would feel preposterous enough to make the whole situation go away.
“Two, actually. The third one is the interference pattern. You excite your surrounding reality into locally becoming you under specific conditions. Come to think of it, you did that before, when you passed through the firewall.”
Jennifer was just about to lunge an outraged attack about how she would have preferred to assert control over what local subset of reality was going to become her, when she suddenly remembered.
“Why was it still night in Connecticut?”
“That’s the other thing,” Möbius continued explaining.
Three hours and two bouts of sobbing later, she had achieved clarity on the situation: she was in crazy pocket world. For now.
“There is absolutely no way I can exist in this manner!” she exploded. “No human being can! Isn’t there somebody I can talk to who can fix this nightmare?”
“That would be me,” Möbius replied humbly.


 JENNIFER 8.1.0

When Jennifer entered the kitchen the next morning, she was welcomed by a new piece of art on the wall above the coffee maker. It was an “I heart Colorado” wood carving in the shape of the state. The heart was stencil cut, showing the wall behind, and the wood had been heavily lacquered quite recently, judging by the faint odor that still lingered in the air.
“I took the liberty to put the signs up for you,” Möbius whispered from unconstructed space.
“It’s kind of large,” Jennifer commented, with the expert demeanor of an art critic. “And it doesn’t match the decor.”
“That was the idea. Its presence will always be jarring, so it will be the first object you see upon entering the kitchen.”
Jennifer was surprised by how much she had missed her old city, without even realizing it. Since the weather was nice, and she was in a good mood, she got dressed quickly planning to take a stroll through her old neighborhood. The fact Colorado was in “normal” reality, whatever that meant under the current circumstances, added an extra layer of comfort to the endeavor, like a cozy sweater, well worn, that always cradles your body just right. Of course, in her sudden excitement for normal life she didn’t stop to ponder the fact that her exploits up in unconstructed space were still going to telegraph down into reality, be it crazy or otherwise.
For now Jennifer didn’t want to ruin her mood; she was fixating on that foamy latte she was planning to drink at an outdoor table in the old town square. She fed the kitten, who was rubbing against her legs and purring up a storm and made for the door. The bell rang before she had a chance to reach for the handle: it was her coworker friend, with whom she had apparently agreed to go shopping.
The laws of reality are wondrous and strange. People usually don’t pay attention to them, because they have no reason to do so. One just takes in the context of the real, without consciously acknowledging gravity, dimensions or the direction of time; one wouldn’t be able to function otherwise, with all the sensory information that comes at one all at once. The fundamental laws of reality one can't  even contemplate being violated: any kink in the infallibility of these laws would make the gears of reality itself grind to a halt. One of these laws is causality: events in reality always have a cause that must precede the event itself and they have to be explainable in a manner acceptable to the majority of the beholders. The strange part of this law, Jennifer learned to her surprise, was it functioned independently of the consistency flaws, which it quickly related back to their context and restored to “normal” with the graceful ease of a smoothing function. Möbius would have told her the angels worked themselves to exhaustion patching up these consistency flaws and resented everyone and everything that made them show up on their schedule, but that was another one of those questions she had never thought to ask.
Jennifer had no idea she was supposed to meet her friend that day, so a patch to the causality code automatically kicked in to wake her up on time, get her excited about going out, and bring her to the door just as her friend rang the bell, with the precision and dependability of an atomic clock. It also filled in the details she was not aware of by means of said eager friend who recited the cliff notes of their plan without being asked.
“This day is going to be great! Coffee and shopping!” Jennifer’s mood further improved.
“Hurry up, dear, we’re already late for the dress fitting,” her friend rushed her, “the tailor could barely squeeze us in, they have a lot on their plate with prom coming.” Jennifer wondered what the dress was for, and she didn’t have to wait long to find out. 
“Forgive me for butting in, this is none of my business, of course, but I’m surprised: why would your former boyfriend’s fiance insist on you being a bridesmaid at their wedding?”
“Why indeed!” Jennifer’s mood instantly soured. “And another good question would be why would I say yes.”
“Because you are a doormat,” Möbius commented morosely from unconstructed space.
“Great, there goes my day!” Jennifer thought. Her little fantasy of good times and foamy lattes floated by like a giant soap bubble and disappeared into the horizon, leaving in its wake a debris of unflattering outfits and mandatory event attendance. 
“This is outrageous! I don’t want to remember she exists, not to mention stand and smile at her wedding like a stuffed animal dressed in what I can only guess will be ridiculous attire!”
“You are a better person than me, Jennifer,” her friend smiled encouragingly. “I could never do that, you know?”
“Nobody with dignity and brains could,” Jennifer fumed to herself, furious she got stuck with this unpalatable activity as a result of not being there half the time.
“And here are your gowns,” the sales clerk showed up with the outfits, smiling from ear to ear in order to drum up excitement. To Jennifer’s surprise, the dresses were actually simple and tasteful, with a cut that was flattering to any figure. While they tried them on, the tailor and her assistants buzzed around them like a swarm of bees, taking in a pleat here, shortening a hem there, to bring the elegant outfits to the pinnacle of perfection. Jennifer looked in the mirror, bewildered by the image staring back at her, a woman who looked beautiful and very sophisticated, and whom she barely recognized. Sure she had worked on her physical portion of the code a lot, endangering the normal flow of reality in the process, but even with all the modifications she didn’t expect this result. It took her a few minutes to work out the details: there was absolutely no way her ex-boyfriend’s fiance would pick this particular outfit for her bridesmaids. She relaxed instantly, thinking it was good to be on speaking terms with an angel, and a second layer of comfort surrounded the first one, cozy sweater number two. “You altered the code!”
“Don’t thank me yet,” Möbius commented from unconstructed space. “You haven’t seen the shoes.”
Footwear arrived, accompanied by the same radiant smile from the sales clerk: patent leather four inch heels which all but guaranteed to make her feet hurt. They made the woman in the mirror look even more alien through the addition of extra height and were less comfortable than the box they came in.
“Well, at least if I shed a tear during the ceremony, nobody in their right mind will attribute it to sentimental reasons,” Jennifer thought, taking a few steps on the podium and wondering how in the world she was going to function with these things on her feet for an entire day.
“It’s not good to get too comfortable, it dulls your wit,” Möbius retorted from upstairs.
Much as the flattering attire gave Jennifer a confidence boost, she couldn’t help be annoyed by the fact her ex-boyfriend’s wedding was taking over her life with its extraneous details, all unpalatable: there was the rehearsal dinner conversation, and the working together on flower arrangements, and the sharing of dressing rooms, and a million other little things that weren’t much in and of themselves, but added up to a nauseating whole. Even the coffee tasted too bitter, and she couldn’t tell whether that was a real sensation or the spiritual embodiment of her quiet resentment. Unwelcome memories of her old life resurfaced, bringing with them embarrassment, worry and discontent, and washed over what had promised to be a lovely day, leaving no good feeling untarnished.
“Had enough normality yet?” Möbius kibitzed from upstairs.
“I don’t want this to be my life,” Jennifer said out loud, forgetting her friend was there.
“So change it!” the angel snapped back. 
“Oh, I’m sorry, honey!” the friend whom she had interrupted in the middle of a phrase made Jennifer aware that she hadn’t been listening to a single word during the last fifteen minutes. The friend didn’t take it personally. “Here I am, going on and on about myself and you must be so upset about all of this. Do you want to talk about it?” 
Jennifer didn’t. They tried to redirect the conversation to other topics but it went on clunky and sparse for a few more minutes until it mercifully came to a halt.
On her way home, Jennifer wrecked her brains trying to figure out if there was any way at all she could influence quantum state and wake up in Connecticut, at least for a while, until the dreadful wedding was far in the rear view mirror.

All systems that can be rationally understood are based on constraints. The number and severity of constraints runs the gamut, modulating the system’s range of motions from absolute stillness to total chaos, but as long as the system can be conceived of, it does have constraints, which are usually perceived as laws. When an entity’s existence is not enslaved by time, they are going to experience all the things that have a probability of happening, no matter how small, but for the rest of us mortals, a very low probability translates as an impossibility, and should we be surprised with one during our lifetime, our sense of reality would be damaged beyond repair.
When the constraints are many and they lock in place fundamental moving components of existence, reality looks safe and we feel confident in our ability to control our fate, we are sure of everything. The more constraints are removed, the looser the system turns and the more insecure and defensive we become about what we think we know. If the constraints are put back in place relatively quickly, we bounce back to the initial state with the dogged elasticity of steel, brushing off the anomalous event as a misunderstanding, or a temporary lapse of reason. This happens all the way up to the yield point, when, with no warning at all, even the smallest effort pushes us past the elastic limit, and the formerly unyielding mind slowly warps into a knotted bundle of uncertainty which boasts the strength of an overcooked noodle. We then start questioning everything, from the law of universal gravitation to our very existence, and we find ourselves at the other end of the spectrum of emotions, expecting there to be no rhyme or reason to Creation and thinking that anything is possible at any time. This is also a failing of human reason, also derived from our need to push everything through the only shape sorter we have, even when it doesn’t fit. If you can conceive of something, it is subject to constraints and no matter how chaotic a system, after a while it starts organizing itself.
Of course, this flies in the face of what we all chose to believe, which is that organized systems are slaves to entropy and without constant feeding of energy from an external source they shift towards disorder, a theory that is blatantly contradicted by the evolution of living things, the organization of matter itself and the structure of the universe. There is no pure chaos, not even in quantum space. There is no such thing as absolute randomness. 
That doesn’t make a difference for us miserable humans; in the course of our short human lives, the slow way the universe puts order back into chaos still looks like an uncontrollable wreck long after we’re gone. The angelic realm, who had been forever and experienced all the unlikely probabilities, especially the catastrophic ones, finally got fed up with fixing the unwelcome surprises and put in place the standard specifications, which, though more boring than death itself, guaranteed absolute reliability by enforcing an unreasonable number of constraints on the construct, so many that all of its major components stopped moving altogether. These were the specs Möbius creatively interpreted when he wrote the code for Jennifer’s life. 
The secret to maintaining one’s balance is finding the ideal number of constraints under which reality keeps making sense while affording a maximum degree of freedom, but reality is vast and complex, a challenge even to the technical skills of the hosts and in no way maneuverable by a wide eyed human who wasn’t designed to be very smart to begin with. Jennifer had always had the best intentions and she never wanted to make a mess. She was the mess, the gear that didn’t fit, the drop of ink in the water glass, the catalyst that sets irreversible reactions in motion, and she had a worrisome level of comfort with that.
Jennifer’s problem was she couldn’t possibly fit into a system with rigid connections when her personal specs allowed for so much free movement. Her consciousness had long gone past the yield point and it now dripped down on reality like wet clay that refuses to keep its shape. 
After her initial shock and her recurring crises of conscience for messing up one thing after another, she started appreciating the benefits of existing in constant uncertainty, a state that would have driven a normal person mad. Since the sound of her life had never pierced the veil of background noise, she never found it necessary to asses the long tail of consequences her actions reverberated into reality, consequences which after a while started intertwining, weaving patterns, emerging suddenly and in apparently unconnected ways in various corners of the world, blending seamlessly into life, appearing absolutely normal and perfectly logical, compliments of the smoothing function in the causality code. It was Möbius’ point of pride that his program would never break, not under any circumstances, no matter how odd, and it didn’t.
If one paid attention to life itself since Jennifer’s “passing”, one would have been startled by how much the very structure and understanding of things had become unrecognizable, but nobody looks at their life over their shoulder, who cares about the past when the future commands so much focus and energy? Analyzing patterns backwards handicaps one’s efficiency, because concentrating on the changes in the wake of the raft doesn’t give one an advantage when one is navigating through rapids.

Jennifer stared at her image in the mirror, surprised to see she was wearing a little pendant she couldn’t remember buying: it was a dainty mountain laurel flower in silver filigree with pink enamel accents. The star at the center of the flower popped out of the background and seemed to spin in a way that was almost hypnotic. At the very center of the flower, inside a rosy circle, lay a little jewel that shifted color as light entered it, turning it from pink to green.
She drew closer to the mirror, gaping at the curious piece of jewelry and wondering where she got to wake up that morning.
“Don’t lose that,” Möbius commented from behind.
“What is it?” Jennifer asked.
“Connecticut,” he replied casually. “The thought prototype, anyway.”
“You mean to tell me if I lose this pendant the state of Connecticut goes away?” Jennifer started to panic.
“Not exactly,” Möbius clarified. “It won’t be gone, just misplaced.”
“Misplaced where!?” Jennifer yelled.
“That all depends on where you lose it.”
“Say I drop it on the sidewalk,” Jennifer really wanted to know.
“Let’s not dwell on hypotheticals, just make sure you don’t lose it. I took some precautions, the chain has no clasp and it doesn’t go over your head, so you can’t take it off. It’s also a good way to know when you are here.”
Jennifer was about to ask whether she was not going to have the state of Connecticut hanging around her neck if she woke up in Colorado, but then she met Möbius’ exasperated gaze and decided against it.
She turned around towards the mirror to look at the pendant again. The little jewel at the center of the flower pulsated with a life of its own.
“What is that made of?” Jennifer gazed at it, mesmerized.
“A thought form.”
“Of course it is,” Jennifer mumbled to herself as she walked to the kitchen to make coffee. Three masts passed across the window, sails unfurled. The little jewel buzzed and changed color. 
“I see you like sailboats,” Möbius smiled.
“Why would you say that?”
He didn’t reply, just pointed at the flower, whose star had started spinning, and if Jennifer didn’t know any better, she could have sworn it looked pleased.
“I’m not comfortable with this,” she fretted, “I feel like I have a living thing hanging around my neck.”
“You do have a living thing hanging around your neck,” Möbius clarified.
“Take it off, I want it off right now!” she started pacing through the kitchen,  pulling at the necklace, fussing and stomping her feet. Since her transition to this life/death alternative Jennifer’s personality had regressed dramatically, and in her search for safety she emotionally traveled through her teenage years, and her middle school years, all the way back to kindergarten, where she seemed to find herself right now. 
“Would you please behave rationally? I can’t take it off, it is spatially linked to your being here. I had to do an ugly hack to reconnect your library book to its correct location, I believe this is not too much of an inconvenience for the benefits, you don’t want to randomly jump state all over Creation. At least this way you are state locked. There is one thing, though,” he continued tentatively, “just make sure your thought form is happy, it tends to get creative and throw all sorts of exceptions into the continuum.”
“What sort of exceptions?” Jennifer whispered, dry mouthed.
“Those masts you just saw,” he said, “that window is not on the ocean side of the house.”
“Good God in Heavens!” Jennifer jumped out of the chair and ran to the window to confirm. The window overlooked a park with a playground filled with boisterous children.
“Where did the masts disappear?” Jennifer looked perplexed.
“I’m not sure I can answer that question.”
“So, this thing is going to start spontaneously sprouting objects into reality for absolutely no reason at all?” she asked in disbelief.
“Not exactly without reason, the reason would be your thought process, which it reflects. More like with no warning.”
“Awesome!” Jennifer couldn’t help herself. After all those times her guardian angel had given her the third degree over manifesting things without thinking them through and creating continuity distortions, whatever that meant, she actually got to exist in this out of control state where nothing fit into normality at all. Jennifer’s rebelliousness, fresh out of kindergarten and fast approaching toddlerhood availed itself of the opportunity and painted the sky paisley, edge to edge. Möbius sighed but didn’t comment.
“You might want to keep an eye on that,” he pointed at her feet which at the time happened to be two inches off the floor.
“Not that this is not exciting and all, but what about the sacrosanct causality laws? Isn’t somebody going to start yelling any moment now?”
“Actually, this is my world,” he announced proudly. “You can do whatever you want here.”
“Playing God, Möbius?” Afael’s voice resonated in his head. “Do you think this one human wrecking crew needs encouragement to delve deeper into her fantasies? Not one screw-up, Möbius! Do I make myself clear?”
In light of Jennifer’s ability to mimic her environment to the last subatomic particle in ways that made air gaps and fire walls functionally useless, Möbius took a second to assess exactly how much of the creative design from this pocket universe would manage to feed back through the link and into the peaceful reality of Colorado, where paisley skies and sailboats floating on grass were not exactly the norm.
“Not one screw-up!” Afael warned again.
Jennifer spent a lovely day playing with the climate, the Earth’s spin, seasons and gravity, she grew a tree on top of another tree and moved them both to Piedmont, made the Connecticut River flow upstream, pushed the ocean back and froze it in place just so she could pick seashells and, around noon, she decided there wasn’t enough light, so she added a second sun in the sky. Möbius followed her around, eerily quiet, while his mind was trying to pinpoint the precise moment when Afael would finally snap. Summer turned to spring and a sifting of cherry blossom petals fell from the sky. Jennifer was in a poetic mood. 
In the evening Jennifer’s mother invited her over to see her new griffin. 
“Doesn’t it strike anybody as odd that my mother has a pet griffin?” Jennifer wondered quietly.
“Not unless you question it. It’s your thought process.”
“I think I would have preferred a phoenix,” Jennifer hesitated. The little baby griffin morphed obediently into the new form.
“Congratulations, honey!” her mother continued their conversation. “When are you taking me to see your castle?”
“Don’t look to me for answers,” Möbius replied from upstairs. “I’m not responsible for your wish fulfillment fantasies.”
“Aah, I’m not sure,” Jennifer answered her mother, “sometimes this weekend, maybe?” She then moved the conversation inward, to explain to Möbius how she never envisioned having a castle, ever, and had absolutely no idea where this was coming from.
“Oh, it must be harmonics, then, although I can’t imagine the pattern of wave interference that would blend sailboats and griffins and come out castle. I’ll check the code for errors.”
“What if it comes out apocalypse next time?” Jennifer felt the responsibility to ask.
“Don’t worry about that,” Möbius yawned, bored. “If this world ends, I’ll make a new one.”
There is a limit to the common experience a human can share with a host. Jennifer would have liked to explain to Möbius that reality was not fungible, that this particular universe was hers, as opposed to all the infinite variations on it, which were not, and that wearing Connecticut around her neck wasn’t something one got used to, eventually, but she had the distinct feeling Möbius wouldn’t be able to understand the foundation of her thought process. Human logic just didn’t make sense to him.
It was late and she was tired; she took another look in the mirror at the little silver flower whose gem gleamed soflty, as if it was tired too.
“Just don’t sprout any dragons while I sleep, ok?” Her reflection stared her back from the mirror, dumbfounded and embarrassed. “I guess the only thing crazier than talking to yourself is talking to your jewelry.”
She then worried she might have offended Connecticut and struggled with the discomfort of the emotion. For a moment she even feared she’d heard a flapping of leathery wings, but it turned out it was just the wind.
“I give up. I hope tomorrow when I wake up I’m completely crazy. At least this world will make sense then.”


 JENNIFER 8.1.2

It didn’t happen. She woke up the next morning, and the morning after that, and the morning after that, just as sane as before, whatever that meant in light of her ‘life’ situation. One learns eventually that sanity doesn’t amount to a hill of beans when attached to a false premise. Sanely believing the world is flat doesn’t make it so.
Human brains are very plastic, a lot more that people are lead to believe, and can adapt to almost anything, as long as they manage to survive it. Jennifer got used to her Akashic commute between worlds as easily as she had gotten used to moving to a new apartment, transitioning from school life to work life or a new hair color, and with the same jaded attitude too. Thing is, when one gets into the habit of seeing one’s life as eminently uninteresting, one starts perceiving even the most unusual events as boring. 
Every morning Jennifer instinctively reached for her necklace, even before she opened her eyes, to get her bearings on the day. That morning the necklace was there, so she made a mental note she was in crazy world and dragged her feet to the kitchen to make coffee. The machine hissed and steamed, and at the end of the process a smiling Jennifer sat herself down at the kitchen counter with a foamy cup of espresso and the intention to savor it at leisure.
“Notice anything unusual?” Möbius engaged her in conversation. He seemed tense. 
“And a very good morning to you too, Möbius,” Jennifer retorted, annoyed her peaceful morning was disturbed.
“Ah, yeah, great. So, did you notice anything unusual?”
“I exist in unconstructed space and pipe down to alternate realities randomly, so, no, everything looks perfectly normal,” Jennifer sobered further. She resented Möbius for ruining her mood. He had this unwavering belief in the absolute authority of will over circumstances that turned even drinking coffee into a project. No breaks, no leisure, no activities without a well defined purpose, all with the comforting rapport of an angelic boarding school master. Jennifer worried he was going to schedule her breathing and sleep/wake cycles soon, and in harboring this thought she had the blood curdling realization he already had. What she found infuriating in this whole hullabaloo was that existence didn’t seem to evolve towards a more serene, heavenly order as a result, if anything it got more and more out of control with each passing day, like a Chinese finger puzzle that tightens when you fight to free yourself from it.
“That’s because your thought process is random and undisciplined,” the angel snapped.
“Great! Blame it on me, of course, what else am I here for?” Jennifer continued her mental spat. Möbius dismissed the silent commentary with an irate gesture.
“Did you notice anything unusual this morning, Jennifer?” he pointed at the wall behind her, where, above the coffee maker, the map of Colorado loomed large.
“Oh,” the latter uttered softly. 
“Yeah.”
“So, what does that mean?” Jennifer asked politely, with the guilty conscience of not really caring. All she cared about at the time was the aromatic cup of coffee that beckoned from the counter top. The only thing that made this exasperating existence bearable was the ability to enjoy the little things every once in a while. What was the benefit of ruining this cup of coffee for her in order to focus on a situation that was sure to repeat tomorrow and the week after that, in ways that were always surprising and reliably aggravating. She could wake up the following morning to find herself in a world upside down for all she knew, the least he could do was let her enjoy a blasted cup of coffee right now. 
“What that means,” Möbius ignored her, “is that crazy world bled through the link, I think.”
“You’re not sure?” Jennifer sipped her coffee leisurely.
“No, I’m not sure. Do you have more viable conjectures?”
“Maybe Colorado and Connecticut got married and spawned world number three,” she offered.
“What a terrifying thought,” Möbius retorted.
“Or the link got stuck and now I can’t take the pendant off even when I’m in Colorado.”
“That would be a particular case of crazy world bleeding through the link.”
“Why does it matter?”
“It matters, Jennifer, because we don’t want to see what your mind sprouts on a regular basis walk the streets of Boulder dressed in bright colors.”
“That is so unfair!” she snapped. She had finished her coffee and was now available for the argument.
“Oh, really? I have one word for you: griffins!”
“At least I’m not boring humanity to death,” she mumbled under her breath.
“You know what, Jennifer? I just realized you are right. I am of divine nature, I can turn thought into being and master time and I’m sitting here trying in vain to persuade you to evolve into something more than an eating and breeding machine. What a terrible mistake! I should be out there making worlds, hopefully better than this one, you’re on your own!” He was preparing to get up from the chair and get the heck out of there when a familiar voice stopped him in his tracks.
“Is your human pushing your buttons, Möbius?” It was Afael who sounded slightly amused.
“No host in Creation can deal with this complete abrogation of responsibility,” the former exploded.
“In fact I found her situational analysis weirdly accurate. Completely useless, but accurate nonetheless. Your project, your problem, Möbius. Fix it.”
“Fix what? There is no fixing this!”
“Let’s hope, for all our sakes, that you are wrong. You’re making great progress, keep me posted,” Afael dismissed him in a hurry.
“Wait, oh, what’s the use!” Möbius’ mind trailed in the wake of the conversation a moment longer. He gave Jennifer the evil eye.
“You are going to listen to me!” he towered over her with all the authority of his rank. Jennifer stared back at him like a guilty cat, in a way that didn’t promise anything good. What was the point of fighting with a human, even under normal circumstances their behavior was completely absurd. What could she possibly understand, anyway. Möbius threw his arms up, disarmed. “What do you want, Jennifer?”
“Nothing!” Jennifer retorted. “I want nothing!”
Möbius gaze softened with compassion.
“You can’t have nothing, Jennifer. None of us can. Nothing is the essence of Creation. Only God can have nothing.”

Our absolute truths are cut from the fabric of the reality we currently inhabit and are as enduring as its governing laws. Remove a few of those laws and the boundaries of truth expand dramatically.
At first this process increases our level of confusion because the expanded truth breeds paradoxes and logical fallacies, and problems that seem impossible to overcome, but after the initial shock the contradicting facts start organizing themselves into thought structures in the same way cells learn to differentiate in a living organism: they subconsciously get sorted into self-similar patterns around generic concepts, like, say, thought forms. Thought forms are simple but they are alive and they can evolve to accommodate the constant changes in the perception of truth.
In some way the fact the pendant took up a life of its own was Jennifer’s fault, because she had fed it her passion and her dreams, but for the most part the tiny object just grew up. It didn’t like being torn between two worlds and decided to fuse them together, eliminating one redundant Jennifer copy in the process.
“Where is here?” Jennifer looked around, trying to find clues in her environment.
“Frankly, I have no idea. I don’t think this place existed before,” Möbius replied, strangely calm. 
“So, no rules then,” Jennifer jumped at the chance.
“Oh, I’m sure it has rules, I just have no idea what they are.” 
“How is it possible for a piece of jewelry to create its own world,” Jennifer took offense. After all she was a proud specimen of humanity and despite the fact the angelic realm had challenged her kin for the crown of Creation and won, she was still superior to an inanimate thing.
“It’s not a piece of jewelry, Jennifer. You confuse the form with the content. I could have placed the thought, which has no physical presence, into any vessel, I just chose the little pendant for portability. The thought is eternal and all powerful, just like my will is eternal and all powerful, they are both infinite pieces drawing their essence from God.”
“What now?”
“Now you are experiencing the first notes of a simple melody. Soon there will be variations on its theme, harmonies and counterpoints, and its music will grow in complexity until it becomes a gigantic symphony, resonating  within all the aspects of Creation. Even in broad terms it is impossible to predict how it will evolve, there are too many parameters, to many possibilities.” Jennifer returned a horrified stare. “I thought you hated predictable, look on the bright side, it’s all new from here, you won’t get bored.”
“But that’s not possible! One thought can’t spark a whole universe into being!”
“Of course it can. How do you think the first one happened? I just didn’t realize the process was repeatable,” Möbius smiled, visibly excited. “Wait till I tell Raziel about it, we debated this for eons!”
“I want to see you in my office right now!” Afael’s voice thundered inside his head.
“Sorry, duty calls,” Möbius smiled and left to answer to his boss.
“What exactly are you trying to do, Möbius?” Afael started the inquiry in a tone that betrayed his exasperation. “Do you want to be God?”
“Of course not, that’s absurd,” Möbius defended himself. “No angel in his right mind believes he can become God!”
“You could have fooled me! Let’s see here: you duplicated Creation, and then took the original and the copy and merged them into version number three, which answers to your thought form, so basically, you.”
“In fact it answers both to my thought patterns and Jennifer’s. I’m not entirely sure, but I think it might actually have quasi-autonomous will,” Möbius explained the technical details of the construct, in the hope they would somehow detract from the fact he inadvertently modified the nature of existence.
“This story gets better and better by the minute. You dissected the holiness of Creation, shared its content with a human, altered it beyond recognition with complete disregard for the sacred thought that brought it into being and then you figured that wasn’t bad enough, so you put an inanimate object in charge of its evolution. A little piece of jewelry, Möbius! Am I missing anything here?” Afael started building up steam.
“Well, it’s not exactly…” Möbius tried to explain.
“You made a little silver mountain laurel God, Möbius!”
“Certainly it is not God!” Möbius replied passionately.
“It just redecorated my office!” Afael pointed at the stained glass window, which was now embellished by beautiful silver tracery. “It looks like it is my boss now!”
“It does not have an actual consciousness, more of a focused intent, really.”
“And how is ‘focused intent’ going to foster perfection?”
“It seemed to work just fine when we evolved life,” Möbius silently contradicted him.
“You know what? I don’t want to know how you decided to rationalize your personal apocalypse. The fact of the matter is Creation as we knew it is gone, and now we have something that kinda’ looks like Creation, all flowing forth from the fountain of wisdom that is Jennifer. Do you realize the magnitude of what you just did? The worst part of this is that you seem to be the only one here who has a vague understanding of how this nightmare came to be! I’d be thrilled to send you to Hell, just for a short cooling off period, so you can contemplate the consequences of your appalling actions, but I’m pretty sure it doesn’t exist anymore. I checked.”
Möbius smiled on the inside and made a mental note to thank Jennifer after the dressing down meeting was over.
“It is bad enough you made the world of matter go to the dogs, but messing with the spiritual realm is indefensible. There was a very good reason for Hell to exist, otherwise it wouldn’t have been created in the first place.”
Möbius would have liked to offer that maybe each iteration of Creation followed its own patterns which were subject to a certain level of randomness, but Afael was not in the mood for philosophical debates.
“I don’t want to contemplate worshiping a silver pendant!” the latter raised his voice.
“I’m pretty sure it’s not God!” Möbius tried in vain to reassure him.
“Fix this mess!” Afael lost it completely. “Now!”
“How in the world does he expect me to fix the fundamental nature of the universe after the fact, it’s impossible,” Möbius ruminated. “It’s like trying to wind back the waves after you’ve thrown a rock into a pond.”
He went back to unconstructed space with a frown between his eyebrows, and the more he analyzed the situation the more he realized he couldn’t trace back the steps that led him here, so he wondered if Jennifer, who was working on yet another bowl in her pottery shop as if nothing had happened at all, could shed some light on their common predicament. It only took one vacant stare from Jennifer to realize she wasn’t likely to offer any wisdom on the matter. He shuddered at the thought Afael might be right and he might have accidentally endowed a silver trinket with the power to rule all Creation, but immediately dismissed the thought as completely preposterous. 
“Jennifer,” he called, impatient.
“What?” the latter answered, her potter’s wheel still spinning.
“Could you just stop for a second? I need to concentrate and I find that constant movement very distracting.”
“What are you working on?”
“Just trying to figure out who God is now,” he frowned deeper.
“Why do you think God has changed at all?” Jennifer innocently came up with the answer to his question. Möbius reflected on the ways of God; maybe even free will was nothing but another channel for the divine to flow through. Maybe the fates of the angels had already been written too. He was very uncomfortable thinking that all his actions had been carved into the substance of existence in that first conscious spark, and that somewhere in a place he was not aware of there was another Akashic library, filled with the books of all the hosts, and maybe even a Hall of Angelic Development where his eternal life had been pre-planned.
“This can’t be!” he protested incredulous and offended. “It can’t be turtles all the way up!”
“Why not? God is infinite,” Jennifer threw in her two cents.
Möbius followed his logical journey into the nature of existence to the bitter end, stubbornly trapping himself in circular reasoning patterns and torn between being responsible and not being responsible for his own actions. After a while he started confusing the premise with the conclusion and gave up.
He looked at Jennifer again, annoyed by how little she seemed to care. He figured he could plant her in the middle of the amazonian jungle and she would continue glazing her pottery there. How many pieces of pottery did one have to make before one thought one made enough? Möbius swore if he had to watch Jennifer start yet another bowl he was going to lose his mind.

It was the middle of the night but Jennifer couldn’t sleep a wink so she decided to get dressed and sit on the porch to enjoy the ocean and the stars. The night seemed bright enough in the light of a full moon that looked almost too large to be real. She stopped in the kitchen to make a cup of tea and heard the clock strike twelve.
“Oh my,” Jennifer laughed at herself. “I hope I’m not going to turn into a pumpkin.”  She instinctively reached for the pendant and gasped: it wasn’t there.
“This is bad,” she thought. She looked around in a slight panic to assess whether anything looked strange, but nothing seemed to be out of place, so she relaxed a little. She couldn’t imagine what Möbius would say if he knew she lost the pendant and her eagerly anticipated cup of tea on the porch lost its appeal. She got out anyway, there was no point in wallowing in self pity, she needed all her focus to find the little silver flower. She hoped she didn’t lose it during one of her long walks on the beach but still decided despite logic to take a stroll by the ocean and look for it in the middle of the night.
Out the back door she got the nagging feeling that something was off, a feeling she dismissed as being fear based. Still, something was off, something she couldn’t put her finger on it, like the reaction one has when a painting had been moved from its familiar location on the wall, but only by an inch or two, not far enough to alter the general view.
If Jennifer had had a passion for astronomy she would have noticed immediately that the constellations that shone brightly overhead were completely unknown, but Jennifer rarely looked at the sky at night, and when she did, she admired the starry firmament as an endlessly repeating pattern, not as an information chart.
She was surprised to see her mother walk up to her on the beach and she barely had enough time to wonder to herself what the latter was doing there in the middle of the night, when Möbius showed up from behind, grabbed her arm and whispered to her to say nothing.
Jennifer’s mother finally caught up with them, voluble as always, and asked them a question, with smiles and excessive hand gestures.
“Why don’t I understand anything she says,” Jennifer panicked, but Möbius squeezed her arm to be quiet and answered the question in the same garbled language that didn’t make any sense. Jennifer didn’t understand his words, but picked up from his body language that they were supposedly in a big hurry to get somewhere where they were already late, and for this reason they couldn’t stop and talk. Jennifer’s mother didn’t seem upset at all, she hugged them both and waved them good bye as they rushed off the beach.
“You shouldn’t keep things from me, Jennifer,” Möbius pointed a finger at her. “I know you worried I’d give you hell over this, which I’m going to do later, but right now the priority is to find the pendant. Where did you lose it?”
“If I knew that we wouldn’t have this problem, logic central,” Jennifer thought, but answered. “I don’t know. What language were you two speaking?’
“English,” Möbius replied laconically.
“Why couldn’t I understand it?” Jennifer didn’t relent.
“Because it was backwards. If I were to venture a guess I’d say that wherever your little mountain laurel is, you dropped it upside down. For instance I know you are certain it’s midnight, because that’s what your expectations tell you, but it is in fact noon.”
“That explains why my mother was on the beach,” Jennifer had the small satisfaction of solving one bewildering puzzle out of many. She remembered now she had invited her mother to spend the weekend at her place and enjoy some leisure time together by the ocean. All of that was canceled now.
“Oh, she will have a great time, you won’t, because you have to find the pendant before…” he stopped just short of saying ‘before Afael finds out’, and continued with “before it’s too late.” He pointed at the sky. “If you couldn’t tell, this is not your galaxy.”
“But how?” Jennifer mumbled.
“How would I know? You overwrote the location parameters, ran into a jump code error, it can be many things.”
“But I can’t just disable reality!” Jennifer protested vehemently.
“There is no reality!” Möbius finally snapped. “There is no color red, just matter blocking electromagnetic wavelengths from a specific spectrum, there is no atmosphere, just a force field holding a chaotic jumble of rarefied atoms in place, there is no you, only a dense clustering of energetic patterns governed by an information blueprint. My information blueprint! Got it?”
Jennifer gulped quietly and nodded.
“Everything you think you know is a human convention, a shortcut so you don’t have to think about the underlying structure of being all the time. God knows you have enough trouble finding your way around things even without that! This is not important right now, the only things that matter right now are getting you out of here before somebody locks you up in a mental ward for not understanding English and finding that pendant.”
The conversation continued in unconstructed space.
“When is the last time you remember having it?”
“Back in Connecticut when we had coffee together.”
“That’s not good, because that world doesn’t exist anymore. Anything more recent than that?”
“Not that I recall,” Jennifer whispered, guilty.
“Great!” Möbius retorted. “Well, we could work our way back with the search and make some assumptions beside the fact that it fell upside down. The stars looked the way they would be seen from a planet in the Andromeda cluster, so you might have dropped it at the library when you were in the astronomy section, maybe we should start there.”
They spent the rest of the day at the library, looking on every shelf, under every piece of furniture, even inside a few books, despite Jennifer’s protests that she couldn’t possibly have left a pendant inside a closed book without noticing.
“Again with the impossible!” Möbius rolled his eyes exasperated.
At the end of the day they returned to unconstructed space exhausted and empty handed. They expanded their search there, tired as they were, starting with a quick look inside the pottery shop, where they found nothing, followed by turning upside down every one of the rooms Jennifer had created, and there were many.
“And don’t you dare sneak back into your pottery shop and start another jug! Your only goal now is to find that pendant!”
Back in the shop, stuck between two floor boards, right in front of the pottery wheel, the little pendant remained hidden, its glow concealed by the grunge of the old pine flooring whose knots lined up in an elongated v shape that looked eerily similar to the Andromeda constellation. When Möbius lost hope of ever finding it and told Jennifer she might as well engage in her obsessive hobby for all the difference that would make, it had already grown an energetic atmosphere, an aura, a glow, if you will, which made its location quite obvious, even from a distance. Outside of that atmosphere the old wood had sprouted twigs and leaves and in their shade grass was starting to grow, and on the young branches, if one looked carefully, one could see little flowers with star shaped centers and tiny pulsating middles that glowed softly with their own inner power. Jennifer looked even closer and she could see little birds and animals frolicking inside this lilliputian landscape, and what she couldn’t see, she extrapolated was there: insects, bacteria, invertebrates, every form of life. She was so fascinated by this miniature world in progress she didn’t hear Möbius come in.
“Oh, great, you found it!” he stared at the micro universe relieved. “I see it started throwing fractal patterns.”
“Can I keep this?” Jennifer asked in the whiny but hopeful voice a child would use to persuade a parent of the benefits of owning a pet bullfrog.
“Sure, why not? Where do you want to put it, it’s going to grow.”
“I assumed I’d have to preserve its location here on these floor boards, since it seems to be growing from them,” Jennifer hesitated to answer.
“’Here’ is also a human convention, you just need to redefine its environment variable in the code. I’d start a large room, fractals never stop growing.”
“I’m strangely grateful you found our little silver overlord, Möbius,” Afael commented from above. “I didn’t realize its absence would mess things up even more. I didn’t think that was possible.”

Jennifer came to the realization that all of this, all of these alternate universes that spawned randomly based on God knows what were just about as real as a game of tic-tac-toe. After a while it stopped mattering what reality she woke up in. Ironically, after she had found the pendant the construct stabilized and merged into one big platter of crazy with a silver mountain laurel on top, but she could have woken up on the moon for all that mattered now. Surely there must be something ‘real’ in this construct, and since her fateful encounter with Möbius had started this whole chain of insanity into motion, she decided to start with him.
Logic is sometimes able to lend a helping hand long after its underpinnings have been ground into oblivion. She started with the obvious question - was Möbius real?
If he was, he would be able to provide some answers, if he wasn’t, she had to go one level up into the structure of consciousness and, terrifying as that sounded, ask God.
“Ask God what?” Möbius immediately jumped to render assistance.
“How does all of this impossible nonsense work? Where do you reside? Who else is there? What did I ever do to you? Why am I stuck here?” Jennifer unloaded an avalanche of questions.
“Wow, slow down, one question at a time!” Möbius jokingly put his arms in front of his face, as if to protect it. This simple gesture made Jennifer realize that despite the fact lately she’d been spending all of her time with this entity, she had no idea what he/she/it/they actually looked like. It was hard to explain that to a rational person, right at this very moment when she was staring straight at him. Her brain told her she was looking at a person, and a very familiar one at that, but it didn’t form any image of what the person actually looked like, just a pattern of recognition that didn’t raise any red flags. 
Jennifer would have loved to surrender to the certainty she was textbook crazy and seek professional help, the problem was she happened to find herself in unconstructed space at the time, a place she was pretty sure didn’t exist and from which she was currently unable to pipe down. She knew somewhere in its maze of rooms that didn’t exist, and which had now grown beyond the point where she would still be able to keep track of them, a new reality was growing fast, replicating the simplest of patterns, the radial diagram, in infinite variations of infinite scale forever.
“I never thought I’d say this,” Möbius mused, “but you’re over-thinking things, Jennifer. You humans have an unwavering faith in what you think you know, if that’s not religion I don’t know what is. And it happens to be wrong, too! Almost all of it! It’s fascinating to watch.”
“I don’t even know what you look like,” Jennifer whispered, not sure if she should even experience fear at this point, or if she was still capable of it.
“I told you, but you don’t listen to me: I don’t like assuming physical form, it wastes energy. In your terms, I don’t ‘look like’ anything.”
“But I can see you!” Jennifer protested. “My mother can see you!”
“You are aware of me, seeing involves matter in the presence of light. I am not matter, therefore you can’t see me, it’s a simple physics problem.” 
“I can touch you, too! You feel solid!” Jennifer insisted.
“Brain pathways, you don’t ‘feel’ with your hands any more than you ‘see’ with your eyes, extrapolate. Actually the electrical impulses that carry information about what you think you perceive inside your head are a lot more like me than any physical form.”
“Where is here?”
“There is no ‘here’.”
Jennifer gave up. He was never going to answer her questions anyway, she was ‘nowhere’ making pottery out of thin air and her life was over. Jennifer had been flirting with theology during her living years and had made a model for herself of what hell must be like. It was based, naturally, on biblical imagery, fire and brimstone, that sort of thing. Now she was starting to realize hell was not a place, it was an absence, the absence of everything that gave meaning to existence: love, reason, consequence, logic, structure, permanence. It was a range where nothing had continuity or purpose. “Even evil has purpose,” she thought. “This, whatever this is, has none!” Good, evil, love, hate, yesterday, tomorrow, order, chaos, they were all abstract and interchangeable concepts of equal value - zero.
“You asked for nothing, Jennifer,” Möbius replied softly. “This is what nothing looks like. I told you, only God can abide the nothing, but the closer you are to being able to bear it, the more things are possible for you. I am here to make sure you don’t get lost, although at this point, judging by your wandering habits, I’m starting to worry I’ll get lost myself. By the way, you’re not in hell. Your little pendant erased it during its last iteration of reality, my boss is still mad at me about that.”


 | JENNIFER > BETA

“I don’t know, Möbius,” Afael put the code design on the desk, hesitantly. “It’s your call, of course, if for no other reason than no host in Creation wants to deal with this nightmare. I kind of topped out at the reality inside reality, and this, quite frankly, I don’t even seem to grasp. My personal feeling is that it has just about as much hope of working as hell has to freeze over, but then again we don’t have hell anymore, after your little trinket deity erased it, so I’m going to keep an open mind. On the bright side, you already broke most of reality, and whatever is left of it your clueless charge is sure to make a meal of, so, what do you need from me?”
“I need you to approve this,” Möbius handed him the last page of the code design.
Since the world had turned upside down, the dutiful angel had been looking for a way to fix the fundamental nature of the universe after the fact and revert the scrambled pieces of reality to an elegant, mathematically coherent whole. He experimented with every acceptable variation of the master code, all of which provided no noticeable benefit and if anything, seemed to complicate things even more, until a breakthrough burst into his mind with great intensity, an idea which in every theoretical model worked flawlessly, coalescing all the wave functions into a simple and splendidly efficient design.
“You want to change the Planck constant?” Afael gasped, incredulous. “Why?”
“I figured if we slightly rev up the energy of the system, the limits of tolerance, which seem to be the problem right now, would be broad enough in relationship to the fundamental particle frequency for any exception to be canceled out in the interference pattern. Besides, the code is too slow right now anyway, it could do with a little boost,” Möbius started defending his design.
“Too slow compared to what? It’s been like that since Creation, well, at least since this last Creation, and it worked just fine until you decided to mess with it.”
“Well, for one the photons are kind of sluggish.”
“What could possibly be the benefit of altering the speed of light?” Afael became suddenly defensive. He had conceived the speed of light a long time ago, while he was still a Virtue, and it had remained his pride and joy to this day. Very few designs afforded the flexibility required by a gigantic system constantly growing, constantly in flux, and did not need to be updated regularly to keep up with new demands. Surely one couldn’t find fault with this simple code which stood the test of time like a perfect jewel. Möbius realized he had stepped into protected territory and retreated in search of a more diplomatic approach. 
“There is nothing wrong with the speed of light per se, it’s just the system could benefit from being a little more dynamic, more energy rich.”
“Möbius, this is a massive undertaking, you can’t possibly control all the outcomes,” Afael hesitated. Unbeknownst to Möbius, his boss had been recently tasked with finding ways to boost the energy of the construct, and the concept of speeding up the whole complex without having to add anything in, however outlandish, sounded tempting. He stared at Möbius, frowning: the latter had an uncanny ability to anticipate future needs which made him a priceless asset for the department, if only a little aggravating at times. “Are you sure you can handle this work load?”
“Aah… yeah!” Möbius answered tentatively. Afael let out an ominous sigh and buried his nose in the code again, trying to figure out what potential danger areas to look for.
“Of course all the wave functions will remain the same,” Möbius rushed to reassure him. “It’s just a constant value. See, the beauty of this is that we don’t have to alter the code’s structure at all, we just enhance its internal dynamic by controllable degrees. As for the constant itself, I would only have to increase it by a minimal amount, no larger than ten to the negative twelve. I’m concerned that won’t be enough to return the system to equilibrium, but it should be a safe start.”
“I hope you’re right,” Afael replied unconvinced. “Well, make a local model and let me look at it next week, I’ll be tied up with other stuff until then. Local model only, Möbius!” he stared at the angel as he got up to signal that the meeting was over. He started walking towards the door and then suddenly turned around. “Since we’re trying to balance the limits of tolerance the model would be pointless in the absence of a live element, get the undead human to test it, ok? She could stand to make herself useful for a change.”

The radiant light of the morning glowed in shimmery hues of blue and violet, so intense Jennifer had to squint. When her sight adjusted to the unusual brightness she thought there was something wrong with it, because everything seemed to vibrate with an inner source of power in a world where all the warm range of the color spectrum had been filtered out. There were gaps in the familiar surroundings where things used to be, but the things themselves were no longer there, at least not as far as she could see, instead the world was filled with weird shapes which seemed to serve no apparent function, and which all glowed intensely in a color she’d never seen before, a color which at times felt almost transparent, letting every detail of the shapes show through, like a three dimensional X-ray.  
Jennifer gaped at the weird surreal things trying to figure out if they were actually there or she’d finally started hallucinating. As she moved closer to one of them, reality started bouncing in response to her motion, stretching and bulging like an enormous water balloon falling down the stairs. Waves of ‘being’ formed on its yielding surface and the streaks of ‘not being’ between them had no essence, as if the pigment of Creation had been removed with a big cosmic eraser and the underlying canvas was left bare of energy and matter, a no man’s land between existences. The waves made the elastic fabric of reality stretch out past the breaking point in places, ripping its surface and letting the even deeper essence behind it show through, an essence whose light intensity was almost unbearable and whose discrete sharp spears of ‘else’ poke through. Their light illuminated the mundane matter, revealing the strange way in which its particles swirled and wound around themselves and making it impossible to tell the edges of objects up close. 
Jennifer wobbled her way down the sidewalk, trying not to overexcite its elastic reflex, towards one of the weird indigo shapes, and she stumbled on an invisible object in the process, an object which she reconstructed from memory to be a bright yellow fire hydrant. She looked around and saw there were no yellow objects anywhere, or orange, or red for that matter. The closest to a warm hue she could make out was a large yellow green heavenly body which gleamed menacingly overhead. 
She finally reached one of the glowing indigo objects and as she tried to touch it, her hand went through it and diffracted. For a whisper of an angel’s breath she felt like she had touched every surface of the object at the same time, and then all the projections of her hand settled on the top surface and collapsed into a fixed position. The object was solid from what she could tell, and she was solid too, and yet the substances went through each other, unimpeded, as if they belonged to different overlapping realities, slightly out of phase. Every step she took felt like falling through something she couldn’t see but had no doubt was there, something that self-healed behind her as she passed through it.
“Möbius,” she tried to whisper, and the soft sound of her voice came out in a pitch so high it instantly gave her a headache. She instinctively lowered her vocal register. “Möbius!”
“Good morning, Jennifer,” the latter walked towards her, bouncing waves into the surroundings as he approached. “Sorry about the audible spectrum, I’m afraid it got pushed up a few octaves.”
“Is this heaven?” Jennifer chirped like a sped-up chipmunk.
“No, but that’s an interesting assumption, we’re in a local copy of reality, I’m testing code. I thought you were going to say hell.”
“You said hell got erased,” Jennifer replied, unperturbed by the yellow green whatever that hovered over her. “What happened to the warm colors?”
“I’m afraid between your biological apparatus and the changes in the energy of light frequencies you can’t perceive the lower visible range anymore, but you gained up on the higher end of the spectrum. Ultraviolet light, isn’t it beautiful? Three quadrillion hertz and it goes straight through everything. I’ll have to revise the gravitational bend, of course, but one thing at a time.”
“What’s with the new objects? Why did you bring the new objects, and what are they for?”
“I didn’t bring anything, this is what reality looks like when you change the range of what you are able to perceive. I’m not sure about the utility question. Why does anything exist? Surely the solar system doesn’t serve a function, it just is.”
“What about the new moon?” Jennifer pointed at the celestial object hanging low over her head.
“That’s not a moon, it’s a sulfur dust particle. The sulfur molecules tend to get grabby in this construct for some reason, they find each other anywhere and clump together until they get too heavy and drop to the ground. This one seems to be pretty close to landing size, don’t stand under it. Don’t worry, it’s harmless,” he answered Jennifer’s unspoken concern. “It falls slower than a feather through molasses, I haven’t figured out why yet. Listen, Jennifer, I have a lot of work to do, can you stay here for a while and play with this environment? Call me if anything goes pear shaped.”
“This place is the definition of pear shaped. How would I even know if something went wrong?” Jennifer meant to ask, but Möbius was already gone.

Möbius had been so busy with his new energy efficiency project he didn’t have time to check on Jennifer, who he thought should be mature enough by now to keep herself occupied without the need for constant supervision. He wasn’t entirely wrong about that, but the thing is time had different significance in the realm of the angels; after she finished reorganizing the pottery shed and exploring the fast growing universe the little pendant had created in unconstructed space Jennifer still had enough time left to get bored. Her last experience with enhanced reality had left her a bit rattled and she wasn’t eager to visit the world below. She couldn’t shake the sped-up vision of it, the one with no warm colors and weird multidimensional objects flowing through her hands. Even if the hybrid version the little silver pendant had created was in no way weird, compared to what she had recently experienced, the fact reality could change on a dime made her anxious. What good did it do one to be forever if one had no safe place to lay one’s head? After taking a few moments to ponder on the need for permanence and inviolability in what one calls ‘home’, the perfect solution to her problem emerged: she was going to spend time in the Akashic library, the one place in Creation that had been forever and was impervious to change.
In light of the consequences of her last trip, she was determined to be very careful and put everything back where it belonged. Truth be told, she didn’t intend to forgo the restricted sections, which she could now peruse at length, without worry of being interrupted.
The library looked a little different, she didn’t know why; it was more of a feeling than an actual experience, which Jennifer decided to ignore. After all, even if something had changed in the eternal archives, it was not up to her to fix it, and as such, nothing that she should worry about.
Row after row of packed shelves filled with infinite variations on every human life, endless knowledge, things that hadn’t happened yet, or even more interesting, would never happen in the universe she knew, events from before Creation, the lives and feats of the hosts, all there to indulge her curiosity and delight.
There was one thing that had plagued Jennifer’s mind ever since she’d learned about this divine repository of everything. She couldn’t wrap her mind around the fact everything that existed or ever will be had been designed in its entirety before the beginning; Möbius’ latest experiment presented her with an unexpected chance to test the theory. She started looking for the physics section to see whether the change in the relationship between frequency and energy had been written in the stars before the universe began, together with everything else. She knew very well where that section was, she had spent a good amount of time there the last time she visited the Records, and the fact she and Möbius had to look for the cat in its every nook and cranny had helped map out the place in her mind to the point where she thought she could walk it with her eyes closed, stretch her hand out and reach exactly what she was looking for. But this time it seemed she was wrong, because she kept getting lost and running around in circles, and she invariably ended up in the main reading room, the one that felt strange when she arrived. She couldn’t understand what she was doing wrong, all she had to do was walk straight down the main corridor, take a left at the first branch and walk all the way to the end, where the physics section was, and yet every time she kept emerging in the reading room for some reason.
She thought maybe the hosts had decided to reorganize that area, but she dismissed the possibility: with everyone being so busy right now, cleaning up the Akashic records must have been the last item on the to do list. She set aside what she thought she knew and looked for the way finding system. She was very glad she did: there was a prominent sign hanging above the doorway at the opposite end of the hall pointing to the science library and clarifying in smaller font what sections where included; physics was one of them.
“They did reorganize this branch,” Jennifer thought. “Or maybe the Records are smart enough to organize themselves around new concepts, like that little fractal world the pendant had created.” She shrugged off the thought and decided not to care, she wasn’t going to understand the explanation anyway, if there was one. The space where all the wonders of science were supposed to fit was the size of a small classroom, if memory served, and even after all this time and all her experiences in unconstructed space, which should have taught her space was an elastic property rather than a constrictive container, she was still taken aback by the logical impossibility. She hesitated before going through the opening, as if there was something on the other side of it that was too much for her to handle, but she shrugged off the silly thought, because she knew exactly what she was going to find. She could see it clearly from her side - the energy and frequency section was just half way down the corridor in the other room.
As she stepped through the doorway she had the strange feeling she had entered a living entity, definitely intelligent, a ‘being’ of sorts of whom she was now a part, just like the shelving, and the books, and the stone tiles on the floor.
What she couldn’t see, because there were no mirrors in the hall, was that when she stepped through the doorway her self lost containment, expanding her consciousness in concentric, rapidly expanding waves around what used to be her body. Some of the waves reached the ceiling and went through it out into whatever was beyond it. The rest of her being quickly filled the room and spilled into the adjacent ones through every open door, suffusing the shelves and the books and the walls and the way finding systems with her essence.
“Möbius!” Afael’s thought boomed, exasperated, seeming to come out of every atom in the space and reverberating dizzying echoes in Jennifer’s mind; she stopped, petrified in fear at its unexpected loudness.
“Möbius,” she whispered a desperate plea for help as softly as she could manage after she regained her wits.
A resigned sigh answered both requests, followed by a tired uttering.
“Oh, God!”



About the author

Visit Francis Rosenfeld's Blog at

www.francisrosenfeld.com

***

Other books by Francis Rosenfeld
Discover other titles by this writer at Smashwords.com:

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/FrancisRosenfeld
Terra Two
Generations
Letters to Lelia
The Plant – A Steampunk Story
Door Number Eight
Fair
A Year and A Day

***

Connect with the author Online:

Twitter: http://twitter.com/FrRosenfeld

Facebook: http://facebook.com/francis.rosenfeld.5

Linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/in/francisrosenfeld
