MOONLIGHT REVENGE


By
Russ Kaylin


* * * * *


PUBLISH:ED 
and EDITED By:
Russ Kaylin


Moonlight Revenge
Copyright © 2012 by Linda Russell



This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locale is purely coincidental. The characters are a production of the author's imagination and used fictitiously.


Adult Reading Material


A heartfelt thank you to my friends and family and all others along the way who supported me. Special thanks to Cheryl and Loretta for keeping me positive. And of course Emily, my Yorkie, for giving me unhalting attention while trying to write. Couldn't have done it without her!

From The Author

I would like to thank all my readers for downloading the Moonlight Series. A special thanks and appreciation to all of those that left a review. I read all that I find and take into consideration your comments. I tried a different approach to writing in this series and, by your comments, have found that it tends to be a bit confusing. Unfortunately, Revenge already had a copyright so I could not change the content. I will amend this issue in upcoming books. Tip: when Jenson is in the scene, she is telling the story. Thanks again and I hope you enjoy!

Chapter 1

Not long ago I had no idea where my life was going or how I was going to get there. I didn't work, go to school or even have a plan. Today, I work in a little country store out near the lake. We sell everything from fishing line to sleeping bags, and somewhere in between you'll find thermal underwear and Styrofoam coolers. My boss is a real good guy. Handsome, brave and smart. And he's got a pretty cute behind too. Why is it okay for me to say that? Because he is my boyfriend. That's right. I work for my boyfriend. Not only that, I live with him as well. I still don't have a plan but I'm working on that. For now, I'm happy just being me, Jenson Bennett.
My summer was a strange one. I encountered things that I never would have thought existed. I faced danger that I never would have imagined could happen. I discovered true friendship among people I never would have thought could accept me. I know, sounds a little weird but you'll get the gist of things soon enough. Now, summer is ending and fall is right around the corner. Maybe with the change in weather, things will calm down a bit.
William, the man I am head over heels in love with, has a special trait about him. Not only is he gorgeous and totally devoted to me, he is also a werewolf. No, for real. He's a werewolf. I thought it was crazy too when I first found out but he isn't that much different from you and me. He lives in a beautiful house overlooking the lake and is the Alpha male of his pack. That means he's the top dog. They would do anything for him. Anything. No matter what. There he is now, with his fine self, bringing in the last of today's delivery. When his muscles flex like that, it makes me crazy inside!
"That's the last one. I think your father will love this!"
When I looked up, he had on one of those crazy fishing hats, covered with feathery lures and hooks. The annual Smith Lake fishing tournament is this month and William promised my dad that they would be partners this year. My parents aren't aware of William's 'special' abilities. Although I'm sure it wouldn't make much difference even if they were. He quickly won their hearts and they are anxiously awaiting the wedding date. He did propose and he did give me an engagement ring. His lifestyle doesn't require such a union but he chose to do it the customary way for my benefit. I accepted his proposal but we have yet to set a date. This relationship is still quite new. I think it's best that we get to know one another a little better before making the final plunge. I truly love him and very much want to spend my life with him. I mean, it can't be all that bad waking up next to a warm and furry man every morning!
"I think you're right. It's definitely his style."
I would love to be a fly on the wall, or on the water in this case, when those two are in a boat all day together. I'm sure my dad will drive him crazy but William is too much the gentleman to show it. By the time my dad gets home, he will have had the time of his life. Let's hope they win or else he will make a scene and swear that somebody has cheated. You have no idea how embarrassing my dad can be when he gets riled up.
He placed the hat on my head and kissed the bridge of my nose. Those lips send tingles down my spine no matter where he puts them.
"I purchased a permit for a booth on tournament day. Would you mind helping out?"
Notice how he kissed me first before asking. How could I turn down such a romantic offer?
"Of course I will."
The wolf existence must remain unknown to humans. This is because the fear of werewolves would cause humans to destroy and drive their kind to extinction. Humans recognize the werewolf as a killer, a danger to the human race. In reality, they are people just like you and me. They have no intention of taking over the world or driving humans out. They simply want to live their lives without issue and be happy. And regardless of public opinion, they don't eat people.
During our ordeal with the wereleopards, yes there is more out there than what we think, Chris became aware of the werewolves as well. He has been a really good friend of mine for quite a few years. And I mean really good. It never took more than being in one another's presence and we would end up bumping uglies between the sheets. That was before William came along of course. We've developed a more grownup relationship now. With the exception that he's still completely immature and I am the adult. Although I'm sure we differ on that opinion. Anyway, they all think he's one of them now. Defend a wolf once or twice and you're adopted. Go figure.
Time tends to fly when a good book takes me away to fantasy world. Yep, I'm an avid reader. I think the greatest thing ever invented was a book. No matter what might be going wrong in my life, a fictional story is the cure. I sat up half the night engulfed in a mystery series that I had been reading for months now. When the alarm clock screamed in my ear at four o'clock in the morning, I wanted to throw the blasted thing across the room. William, on the other hand, jumped from bed refreshed and ready to go. Nothing like a good fishing tournament with your future father-in-law to get your day going!
I whined and complained for about fifteen minutes but in the end I got myself ready to go. He would pick up my dad while some of the pack members and I set up our booth at the park. It would be my job to rent storage slots for boats at our store and convince folks to make reservations for a one-on-one day of romping in the woods with my boyfriend. He knows everything about hunting and with open season right around the corner, people would be more than willing to pay good money for a better chance at nabbing one of those defenseless deer. I still don't get the part about hanging their heads on the wall and calling it a trophy. That just seems sick.
"Look here, William. Don't you listen to any of those stupid stories that Dad likes to tell about me. Besides, none of them are true."
He kissed my cheek and patted my behind on his way out. I'm not sure if I like this bonding thing with my parents. He gave a little chuckle as he disappeared down the hallway. I suddenly got lost in the moment watching those blue jeans walk away. He certainly does know how to wear a pair of blue jeans, yes he does.
"Wow, not even a biscuit today?"
Usually the smell of bacon or sausage hits me before I even reach the kitchen. Today, just coffee.
"Sorry, Jenson. I didn't have time. But we have plenty for the road!"
Abbey gestured toward three massive coolers she had packed full of food for the day. Apparently a werewolf's appetite is never-ending. Abbey is a hyper little thing and also the pack's Alpha female. She's adorable, cute and can hold her own against any of the wolves, with the exception of William of course. Did I mention I'm extremely jealous of her? Not only does everyone think she should be the one to mate with William, now she's crushing on my best friend, Chris. I keep this a hidden emotion because she's been nothing but nice to me. Still, I can't help but wonder if William would have taken her for his mate had I not come along. 
"No big deal. I don't think my stomach is awake yet anyway."
I threw some things in a small backpack and headed out. It was still dark outside, this being because no one else in the world would find it necessary to be out of bed yet. The guys had already put everything in back of Malcolm's truck and headed out. I followed behind in my trusty, dated Honda Civic. Not the best looking car on the road but it gets me around. If it weren't so early I'd turn on my favorite rock song and sing at the top of my lungs. The factory stereo still installed doesn't allow for that ear-splitting bass to come through as it is meant to do. One day I will invest in a proper system.
The air outside was already warm and I wasn't looking forward to spending the next ten hours in the sun. I drove through the gate, showing my vendor's pass to get in for free. People were walking about here and there, others were busy setting up their own booth while the professional fish-hunters squared away their little boats for the day's event. I'm sure that each one of them deemed themselves 'the best fisherman in these here parts' but truth be told, fishing was mostly a sport of luck, not skill. I mean how hard can it be, persuading a brain smaller than the size of a pea to grab a metal hook with its mouth? Seems logical enough.
William had arranged everything neatly in the boat. Thanks to Abbey, they had plenty of food and water to last three days if necessary. My dad was proudly showing off his new hat to a group of other old men. My boyfriend probably didn't know he was signing up for a day with the senior citizen assemblage. Sure there were younger guys participating as well, but he was obligated to enjoy himself with the elderly.
"You sure you really want to do this?"
I couldn't help but to smirk when I saw the look on his face. He responded in a polite manner.
"Sure. It'll be...fun." Then he secretly squeezed my behind. "Besides, I have to stay on your father's good side if he is to allow me to take advantage of his only daughter's femininity."
Dad looked over just in time to catch him.
"You two cut that out now. There'll be enough time for all that mushy crap once you're married. After a few years, it'll all be hangin' toward the ground anyway and you probably won't even want her no more."
"Dad!"
"Well, that's nature, little girl. Ask your mama. She'll tell ya. I haven't seen my butt cheeks for quite some time now. She says I scratched it all away!"
He got a good laugh out of himself but I was mortified. I decided to leave before he embarrassed me any further.
"I'll see you two at the weigh in."
I kissed my wolfman passionately and pranced away. I think I even heard a little rumble in his throat. I love it when that happens. This little show wasn't meant for my father, but instead for the teenaged redhead that seemed to have her eyeballs frozen in his direction. I gave her that 'don't mess with my man' look as I passed by. Jealousy has never been my style yet I sure seem to be experiencing a lot of it here lately.
An awning was standing erect with a table full of items from the store. Great, now I have to watch for thieves as well as being a salesperson.
"What is all of this stuff?"
The few who were standing there appeared dumbfounded.
"William wanted us to bring a few things from the store. You know, promote business and all. What do you think?"
Abbey can't seem to control her enthusiasm over anything.
"I think somebody better be planning on helping me watch over this crap."
"Wow, you really are a grouch in the morning."
She pouted and plopped down in a folding chair at the other end of the table. Maybe it was just PMS but something exciting better happen or else I was going to have a very long day. Then something did happen but I couldn't exactly call it exciting. My mother showed up.
"Oh honey, isn't this thrilling! Your father and William in a fishing tournament together. The son he never had. That wasn't my fault, mind you. It's not like we didn't try enough."
"Mom, please! I really don't need another naked visual of you and dad today."
Abbey giggled. I suppose that was my payback for being rude to her.
"And who is this pretty little thing? I'm Jenson's mother, Joan. Isn't that cute? Two Js in the family."
Oh God, is it her goal in life for everyone to know just how eccentric she is? Abbey didn't seem to notice. She introduced herself with a smile, eyeballing me again for being rude. She ooed and aahed over all the items until she noticed one of her friends in the distance.
"Yoohoo! Graaaaaacie! You girls have fun. I'm going to mingle."
She dashed away, waving her arm endlessly through the air. I seem to be the only one bothered by her display. She is generally a big hit at social gatherings. Maybe I should learn to be a bit more like her. Enjoy life. Overlook the crud. Nope. Not gonna happen this time. It's too early in the morning. I took the folded contraption from a bag and spread its plastic legs into a square, creating a portable chair. Isn't that amazing? I prepared myself for the upcoming torture and took a seat. Thing is, I missed the chair completely, landing abruptly on the ground. A burst of laughter immediately erupted.
"Jenson, I'm sorry. If you could only have seen yourself!"
She reached to lend a hand.
"Are you hurt?"
"Just my pride."
I brushed off the backside of my pants and tried it again. This time testing the weight of the chair with my hands first. Once I was comfortable that it would hold up, I sat. Now I was the one pouting. This day couldn't get any better.
The traditional blowing of the foghorn sounded to kick off the tournament. Cheers and applause echoed throughout the park. I looked around at all the different people's faces and demeanor. They were all talking, smiling and generally enjoying themselves. Maybe being an old stick in the mud was the wrong attitude. After all, I grew up here. I should know how to take pleasure in all the things that make this place special. A hint of a grin made its way to my face when I watched an elderly couple pass by holding hands.
"I saw that."
Abbey doesn't miss anything.
"Okay, you caught me. Maybe this stuff isn't so bad."
I decided to wake myself up and stretch my legs.
"You mind holding down the fort for a bit? I'm gonna take a look around."

~ ~ ~

William pulled the cord on the tiny trolling motor and they were off. There was a fine mist of fog floating on the water, creating an eerie sense of being. They moved along at a slow pace toward their destination.
"I found this great spot about three miles out."
I don't think my dad anticipated such a long boat ride. He just thought they would spend  some quality, male-bonding time on the lake catching enormous fish and winning a trophy.
"Well, guess I better eat something then. Want some jerky?"
He held out a strip of dried beef toward William. He graciously took the piece of meat and shoved it into his mouth. It didn't take as long as expected and once they reached their destination, the party began. They both took up their rod, loaded a wriggling worm onto the hook and cast out the line. This is the part where you sit and wait, and sit and wait, and...sit and wait. For the life of me I can't figure out the entertainment value of this sport. Just then, William's line tugged toward the water.
"Ooo, reel him in!"
"Shh, wait. You have to be patient. He's just nibbling a bit. Once he grabs hold I'll snag him."
The line bobbed a few more times and then stopped. They sat staring at the same spot for minutes and nothing else happened.
"I told ya to reel him in. Now he got away. Sit back and watch the master at work. I'll show you how an expert catches a fish."
"Is that right? Well, watch this."
William removed his t-shirt, folded it neatly and set it aside. He placed his rod in its holster and then removed his jeans. Once stripped down to his underwear, he cautiously stood, taking extra effort not to rock the boat, and peered over the edge. He stood that way for just a few minutes before diving directly into the lake.
"What the hell!"
My dad was frantic. He looked all around but couldn't see William beneath the murky water. Just as he started to panic, William emerged from the surface with a flopping bluegill hanging crosswise from his mouth. He pulled himself into the boat, opened his mouth and dropped the fish in a bucket.
"That's how it's done."
My dad was ecstatic.
"Well, by God, that's how you do it right there! Woohoo! You're gonna have to teach me how to do that."
"I think we better stick with the rod and reel. Jenson would have my hide if anything were to happen to you. Not to mention your wife."

~ ~ ~

There were many tables and booths set up in the general area. Didn't take me long to begin browsing through some of the items for sale. I came upon one that was selling Indian jewelry and knickknacks. The vendor was a middle-aged woman of Native American descent. She was plump around the middle and had long, black hair pulled tight in a braid down her back. Every extremity was adorned with one piece or another from her collection.
"I make them myself. There is a story behind each piece. Here, try this on."
She placed a bracelet made of jade on my wrist. Hanging from the center was an animal tooth. An incisor maybe. I ran my finger along the length of it.
"It is gray wolf. Said to be taken from the beast killed by a mighty warrior. It will protect you from danger."
I looked into her eyes and saw wisdom. She believed what she was telling me.
"You keep this one."
It was beautiful but I couldn't take it. I started to remove it from my wrist when she clutched my hand in hers. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. On exhale, her eyes reopened and she nudged my hand back toward me.
"You keep this one. It belongs with you."
It was an amazing piece of artwork. I could see that great attention had been paid to detail. Each stone was polished to a perfect smoothness, neither one being alike.
"Yes, I think you should take that one. It looks good on you."
The man's voice startled me. I looked up and gasped in surprise.
"Curt!"
I flung my arms around his neck as we embraced in a friendly hug.
"It's good to see you, Jenson. Been a long time."
"That it has."
We stood facing one another, holding hands. Curt was an old boyfriend from years back that had long since been forgotten. I never held any ill feelings toward him. It simply didn't work out. We weren't meant to be together. But he was a good guy and I was happy to see him again. Maybe the day was beginning to look up.
He always was a good looking man and even better looking with age. He still wore the same scruffy beard trimmed close and kept himself in shape too. He has a body that makes a girl stop and watch him walk by. Even though he carries himself with confidence, I don't think he knows just how handsome he really is. He filled me in while we walked. He ended up marrying that girl, Sandra, and had two kids with her. She never would have taken him away from me had her family not moved into the same trailer park where he lived. Location, location, location! He now owns the junkyard/auto body shop where he had worked at the time.
I gave a brief rundown of my life up to this point. I told him about William and how he was out with my dad in a boat. Mentioning that we live together seemed unimportant at the moment. He figured out the engaged part on his own when he saw the ring. That was the first time I had felt uncomfortable. I would never trade my hottie for this hottie. Not in a million years. Yet, he still somehow held the ability to make me perspire a bit.
"I should be getting back. Abbey might need a break."
"Abbey?"
"Ya, um, a friend of mine."
He started to walk back with me but I quickly dismissed him. Wouldn't want to give anyone anything to talk about, much less tell William. I think he was still unsure about me and Chris. No need making him worry over something pointless, right?
I spent the rest of the afternoon chitchatting with passersby. I rented a few boat slots and sold three sodas. Abbey sold a few coolers and drink cups. All in all, a pitiful day. I did get to enjoy my book between visitors though. The foghorn resounded to end the tournament. All that was left now was the weighing in of all the dead fish. I hoped they had a prosperous day or else my dad would be a grouch.
A couple of the pack members started tearing down the awning and putting everything back in Malcolm's truck. I packed up my backpack and headed toward the water's edge. Several of the boats had made it back in already but I didn't see William anywhere. Then I heard a thundering laugh from a herd of fishermen with my dad centered right in the middle. He had told some sort of war story that had them all amused. And, over to the side, there stood my man. Holding conversation with the teeny-bopper redhead from this morning. You know I had to march myself right up to him and plant a big wet one on his lips.
"How did it go?"
The girl turned on her heels and went to find the next eligible bachelor. William giggled at my display. I shrugged.
"A girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do."
William hefted the bucket of fish onto his shoulder and we walked to the scales together. Apparently there was no fourteen-inch monster that would win the grand prize but neither man seemed to care. My dad appeared giddy over their adventure and couldn't wait to find Joan and tell her what a 'fine young man' William was. In the end, they didn't merit the trophy but dad took home a blue ribbon for the best fish tale ever told.
"It's no lie, I swear to ya. The boy jumped right out the water with a fish in his mouth!"
My parents walked away arm in arm toward their car. Malcolm and Chris were waiting by the truck with the others when we arrived. They had no luck and after the first two hours became bored and returned. Funny, I never saw them throughout the day. I wondered where they had spent their time. I was listening to stories of everyone's day when it happened. A low rumble occurred in William's chest.
"William."
"Curtis Dale."
OMG! They know each other. I stood open mouthed forever. I hope nobody noticed.
"What do you want?"
He countered with a smirk.
"Ran into an old friend today. Just wanted to say goodbye."
Curt placed his arm around my shoulders and gave me a squeeze.
"It was good seeing you again, Jenson. We'll have to get together soon."
William took a step forward but Malcolm grabbed his arm.
"No problem. Come by anytime. We'd love to have you and your...wife."
Malcolm had a way of diffusing situations. William and Curt locked eyes before separating. I couldn't believe what was happening. I didn't know if I should speak or just stand there. I chose to stand there.
"Let's get this stuff home." William took charge. "I would ask how your day went but I guess I already know."
Great. He was mad. Just great.


Chapter 2

"You have to stay away from him."
William paced the room, obviously angry.
"I can't believe you're getting so upset about this. Nothing happened. We talked. That's all. He's just an old friend."
William whipped around to face me. I jumped unexpectedly.
"He is not who you think he is. Just trust me on this one."
"No, you trust me. How bout that? And what do you mean? I know exactly who he is."
I went to the kitchen to pour us a glass of wine while William paced some more. He seemed to mellow just a bit after downing the first glass in one gulp.
"Listen, Jen. Curtis Dale is no good. You cannot remain friends with him."
I then reached my boiling point.
"I will remain friends with anybody I damn well please. This is not a dictatorship. And I am not one of your pack members to order around!"
I stormed from the room and stomped up the stairs, loudly for effect. I knew he would follow me but, then again, that's what I wanted to happen. He knocked softly on the door before entering. He's still polite like that. Respects my privacy and all.
"You are right. I am sorry. You are not one of my pack. And I have no right ordering you around. Can we sit down and talk for a minute?"
I will never be able to resist those eyes.
"I've known Curtis Dale for a long time. He's not who you think he is."
"You keep saying that. What does that mean?"
"He is one of us. He is werewolf, Jen."
I think I gasped out loud. This would take some time to sink in. I stood, I paced, I sat and I stood again.
"That can't be. I dated him. I would have known. Wouldn't I?"
"Not necessarily. You didn't know about me until I showed you. How could you see something that you did not know exists? We keep our identity hidden very well."
This would explain a lot of things. One in particular. We never had sex! Two years of making out but never sex. Don't get me wrong, I tried. I tried everything I knew but still couldn't get him. "I"m saving myself for marriage" was always his answer. What guy says that? We made it to first, second and third base but never a home run. How can that be? I'm probably the only girl alive who knows what blue balls really feels like.
"How is it that he can live here and not be a part of the pack?"
"Wolves are family oriented by nature. We survive in packs by instinct. Sometimes, one may go astray and feel he is better off on his own. Although the bylaws still apply, we don't want anyone within the pack that may create tension among the ranks. So we allow them to run free."
A million questions were traveling at lightning speed through my brain.
"So, how does that make him a bad person? And what about his wife, does she know?"
"Once a wolf makes the decision to go rogue, he becomes an outcast. Shunned by others of his kind. And, she also is wolf. Neither is purebred so it is not of major importance."
That would explain his attraction to her. But if they had children together, wouldn't that make them werewolves as well? Are these...creatures...running around everywhere and we don't even know it? I would be looking at everybody I see in a different way from now on. Is he one? Is she one? It gets more complicated with each day. I inhaled deeply and blew it out. Then I turned toward my beautiful boyfriend and sort of told him off.
"Regardless of Curt's heritage, he is still my friend. And I'm still alive, William. Until he causes some outrageous problem for the pack, there is no reason for me to reject him."
That night, we retired at separate times. William was already sleeping when I came to bed. I curled up behind him and placed an arm around his middle. He was oh so warm as always. I loved being next to him. My hand instinctively began to roam across his chest. His skin felt smooth to the touch. I pressed my body closer to his and whispered in his ear.
"I love you."
His hand took mine and he gently kissed my fingertips, one by one. I returned the passion by placing feathery kisses across his back. When he turned to face me, our bodies embraced one another and we fell into a place that we could only find together. His strong hands carefully traced the curves of my body. I couldn't help but to respond. His touch was like electricity, creating a spark within that only he could produce.
We had learned from experience that it was best to come to bed undressed, saving on wardrobe destruction. William can get a bit out of hand at times. The first time we attempted intimacy I was left with bruises and scratches all over my body. It was a struggle in the beginning but I'd have to say he's learned to control his animal side pretty well. We've been successful so far with minimal damage.
He nuzzled my neck and used his tongue to caress the skin. That little tingle in my special place came in full force. I pulled him atop my body and wrapped my legs around his hips. I could feel the hardness of his desire pressing against my groin. His mouth met mine, tongues exploring one another. I needed to feel him full inside me. My hips rose to meet his. We both held our breath as he carefully filled my insides.
He moved in and out, slowly at first, then increasing with desire. His hands roamed my body, kneading and gripping. I met him full force with every thrust. We were drenched in sweat yet clung to one another without release. The rumble in his throat grew louder with every rise and fall. I could sense his overwhelming need and how he struggled to hold back. With one final plunge, our bodies came together exploding in ecstasy. As his seed filled my walls, he let out one final bay and bit into my shoulder. I felt blood trickle down my arm.
"William, stop!"
I shoved with all my might but it was a useless attempt. His strength was completely overpowering to my own. I continued to shout in his ear, finally reaching that part of him that was human.
"William?"
He collapsed atop me, the weight crushing. He caught his breath and rolled to one side. I slid from the bed and hurried to the bathroom. I closed the door before turning on the light. What I saw in the mirror horrified me. My neck, chest and upper arm was covered in my own blood. I quickly grabbed a towel and applied pressure. Once the bleeding had stopped, I jumped in the shower to wash off. William was sitting on one side of the bed when I returned, head in hands. He looked up immediately.
"Is it bad?"
I shook my head and sat beside him, taking his hand in mine.
"I'm fine."
Seems I was always having to say that around these people.
"I don't understand what happened. Have you come into estrus?"
"What is...estrus?"
"You know, come into heat. Are you fertile?"
I giggled at his choice of words.
"I'm human, William. We don't come into heat or...estrus. I have menstruation. Once a month. Twelve times a year. Unless I'm pregnant. Then it stops til the baby is born."
He looked at me with wide eyes.
"Are you pregnant?"
"Noooo! I take birth control pills. Religiously. Without fail."
We both sat in silence for a few minutes, waiting for the other to speak first. It was very uncomfortable. You would think we would've had this conversation a long time ago. I don't know about him but I certainly wasn't ready for children. Yet.
"Why do you take those? You do not want pups with me?"
Now see, that's where the birth control comes in. I have no idea how this pregnancy thing works with a werewolf. Would I have a puppy or a baby? Would I have one or an entire litter? Would it be wolf or human? Way too many questions to be getting pregnant right now.
"This vocabulary of yours can be a bit intimidating. I think I need to talk with Lysa again."
Lysa is William's sister. We met when visiting his family in North Dakota. She filled me in on a lot of details but we never got this far. At the time, getting safely through sex was the goal. Maybe it was time I give her a call.
When morning came we hardly spoke. William went on ahead to open the store while I finished up getting ready. My shoulder was sore but it looked worse than it felt. I put a bandage over the 'wound of love' so it wouldn't rub against my clothing. I grabbed a bite to eat and headed out. It would be a long day if he couldn't get past this one soon. He always feels bad afterward. I try to reassure him but it does no good. I'm afraid if it doesn't get easier for him he will stop making love to me. And that would simply be unacceptable. I'm a grown woman with normal needs and desires. And he is a gorgeous man with a gorgeous body that makes my hormones kick in if I just look at him. No, abstinence is not an option.
When I arrived, he was out back doing something. I don't know what. He's constantly doing things to improve the place. It was a mess when he bought it. He's fixed it up real nice since then. I dropped my bookbag behind the counter and started a pot of coffee. I had just settled down behind the counter when the little bell tinkled above the door. Curt.
He strolled in as if nothing mattered. I suppose it didn't in his mind, but in William's, that was another story.
"So, is it going to be your purpose in life to make mine miserable now?"
Damn, these wolves have adorable smiles.
"No. I just wanted to see you again. I've missed you."
"Ya, well don't let William hear you say things like that. He doesn't care for you much."
Curt walked around the store, checking out items on the shelves. He came back to the counter and leaned against it with one hip.
"I see you two are intimate."
He gestured toward the bruises on my forearm. I covered it with my hand, embarrassed that he'd seen it.
"That's none of your business."
"You know, I wouldn't hurt you like that."
Just then, the back door opened and closed. I knew this wasn't going to be good. William came through the doorway and paused when he saw Curt. He continued toward the front of the store and stopped beside me.
"You couldn't even wait one day, could you?"
I could feel the heat radiating from William's body. His temper was quickly growing.
"He was just leaving. Right, Curt?"
"Ya, I was just leaving."
He gave me a come-hither look before departing. The little bell tinkled again as the door shut. William growled, as I knew he would. I swear if the hair could bristle on his back it would do so right now.
"He is going to cause problems, Jen. Mark my words."
He left me alone for most of the day. I wallowed in my thoughts in between customers. Not that there were many. Four, to be exact. Customers, that is. Not thoughts. I was sure business would pick up once people started hunting and camping for the winter. If not, I would have to rethink my future career once again.
I could not get the vision out of my mind of Curt walking to his car. He still drove a red TransAm only now it was muscled up really nice. The kind of hotrod all guys only wish they could own. Something about him seemed to draw me in. And what he said, that he wouldn't hurt me. I knew exactly what he meant. Being that I'm the first human William has been with, he didn't have any experience in the boudoir department. The two of us are learning as we go, with a little guidance from the family first. I would imagine since Curt has not been part of a pack for so long that he has had plenty of time to get to know his human side. I thought of his hands touching my body in a slow caress.
Jenson Bennett! What are you doing? I have a great guy that loves me. How could I sit here and think such thoughts about another man? I shook myself from that daydream and picked up my bookbag in preparation to go home. William had just locked up in back and was leaving as well. We came face to face and looked deeply into each other's eyes. I let the bag drop to the floor and kissed him full and long. His arms embraced me with affection.
"What was that for?"
"For loving me."
We walked out hand in hand. It felt good to be in love. Real love. The kind where you just know it's gonna last forever.
Entering the house, we found Chris in a headlock.
"Me and Abbey were just practicing."
William grinned.
"I think she's winning."
Chris had been learning some moves of attack and defense. Ever since he had a brawl with Darius, the wereleopard that killed Chris' girlfriend, he thought it would be wise to learn how to fight against animals that had double his strength and agility. He was getting pretty good too. I saw him take down Jonas once in the backyard during a sparring match. True, Jonas is the youngest and smallest of the pack but still, he is a werewolf.
"Try not to hurt him, Abbey."
I went to freshen up while William started up the grill. Tonight was ribs and chops. One thing about these guys I'll forever love, they enjoy a good meal.
"Hey, Jen..." Chris came in, without knocking I might add. "What the hell happened to you?"
I was in the middle of changing the bandage on my shoulder when he walked in on me.
"It's really nothing. Things just got a bit...carried away."
His face turned red and he clenched his fists. Before I had a chance to stop him, he was out the door and headed to find William. He stormed through the house on a mission to the backyard deck, and without pause, shoved William straight on the chest with both hands.
"What did you do? I warned you not to hurt her!"
William didn't even have a moment to counter before three wolves jumped Chris and held him to the ground. He was kicking and swearing in William's direction all the while. I came running as fast as I could. Once William saw my face he knew what had happened. He raised his hands in a gesture a friendship.
"Calm down, Chris. It's not what you think. This was an accident."
"She's human, Will! You could kill her!"
I was frantic. I didn't know what to do to calm the situation. Damn, where was Malcolm when you needed him. I rushed toward Chris and knelt beside him. The other wolves held him in place through his rage. Once he had calmed down, I told them to let him go. The three looked to William for affirmation. He nodded once. As soon as they released, Chris jumped to his feet. I immediately put myself between him and William.
"Chris, stop it. Everything is fine. I'm not hurt."
"I saw you. I saw what that animal did to you. Look at the bruises, Jen!"
He held my arm up in front of my own face.
"I know. But I'm fine. Really, I'm fine."
I have definitely got to come up with a better line. This one was getting old quick. His chest was heaving and fists still balled.
"Please, calm down. Look at me."
I placed my hands on either side of his face. It took a few seconds but he relaxed. At least enough for Abbey to interject.
"Come on, Chris. Let's go inside."
She took him by the arm and urged him back. He took one step, then another. Still glaring at William. Eventually he turned and walked away. My heart was pounding in my chest. William could easily kill him. I appreciated the fact that he was defending me but this could have gone really bad. I could see the pain in William's eyes. He would never intentionally hurt me. And it was done during one of the most intimate acts we could share together. Why was everyone so concerned? I wasn't. I knew the best thing to do was let it go. They would work this out eventually. And so would we.
William was tending the grill when Malcolm finally showed up.
"I hear you and Chris had a little tiff."
"Ya. Took three of them to hold him back this time. He's getting stronger."
Malcolm took a piece of the half-cooked meat and popped it in his mouth.
"You ever saw this happen before?"
"No, but I've heard stories."
Malcolm licked his fingers while walking away with a grin.
"Better check it out soon."
William poked at the ribs while he observed Chris through the glass door. His muscles were definitely more defined and his confidence level had risen. William had thought it was due to the training and workout sessions but now he wasn't so sure.
Everyone stayed away to give Chris and Abbey some privacy. At least she had a smile back on his face. He never could resist a pretty female. That was one characteristic that had gotten him into trouble many times in the past. Especially when alcohol was involved.
"It's hard to explain, Chris. Intimacy between a wereanimal and a human is different. We experience the same desires that you have but we respond...more intensely. You have to look at it from her point of view. She's in love with William. And making love to him is a natural craving. Can't you see it breaks his heart knowing what he could do to her? But, she's a grown woman. If she is willing to take her chances on William, then you have to let her."
Chris looked through the glass at William. They had become close friends over the past few months. He was considered family now. Part of the pack. That was a great honor coming from the Alpha. He stepped outside and stood gazing toward the lake with his hands shoved in his front pockets as he spoke.
"I didn't mean to disrespect you in front of the pack."
William let him talk.
"It wasn't like a challenge or anything, dude. Hell, you could rip me to shreds. I'm not that stupid."
That brought a grin.
"I understand that you care for her. She is lucky to have you as a friend. Never stop protecting her."
They shook hands and all was good again. Guys are amazing. They get mad, throw a few punches and make up. All in the same day! Girls could never do that. We hold a grudge for years.
So there you have it. An old boyfriend was hitting on me, my best friend tried to beat up my werewolf boyfriend, and I was stuck in the middle. Life just couldn't be better! With all the tension in the house, I had no idea how we were going to make it through the night without someone exploding.
There was no true explosion but an eruption, or should I say an interruption, did occur. William and Chris were engaged in a PS3 boxing match when the phone rang. Malcolm answered the call and in turn handed the handset to his Alpha. 
"Of course. I'll be there right away."
The look on his face spoke loudly. Everyone gathered around to hear the news.
"Gramps needs me home."
Malcolm stood alert.
"What's going on?"
"He would not explain over the phone. I will need you to take over here while I am gone."
Abbey rolled onto the floor, sort of like when a child pitches a fit.
"Oh, not again. William, he loses his mind when you leave. He acts like we're in the military or something."
"A little discipline never hurt anyone. Besides, you are Alpha female. Show him what you're made of."
Malcolm disappeared into the kitchen to retrieve a beer from the refrigerator and held it upward in William's direction.
"You know you can count on me, Will."
"Really?" Abbey wailed. "William pleeeeease! Don't leave us here alone with him."
William couldn't give a complete explanation but when the Alpha makes a request, out of respect a wolf does not question him. His grandfather had been the leader of their region for as long as William could remember. He thought his own father would carry on the position but an unfortunate accident took his life and ended the family tradition. William held much respect for his grandfather. Not just because he was Alpha, but because he had raised William and Lysa.
I understood that being leader of the pack required much of William's time and I knew he was responsible for their wellbeing. Somehow, knowing that your boyfriend will be gone for an indefinite period of time isn't easy to swallow. At least this time I held my tongue. Giving him grief wouldn't help the matter any. Instead, I played the part of the loving girlfriend and helped him pack his bags. I wondered how he would handle the flight on his own this time. His first experience was a doozy. That's when I discovered his fear of flying. At one point he nearly ripped the armrest from his seat! It was pretty funny at the time but I hated that he would have to endure it alone.
"It'll be good for you to see your family again. You're different around them. At peace."
"I suppose."
I could tell that he was concerned about something. Something that he chose not to share with me. I wanted to pry. Ask a million questions. In the end, I expected it was best if I let it go. For now.
We were both exhausted by the time everything was in order and we were able to retire for the night. There was only a few hours left before he had to leave on his trip. We didn't exert much energy. Instead, we held each other close while we slept. When it was time to rise, I didn't want to let go of him. He managed to loosen from my grip long enough to shower and take his bags to the car. Jonas would drive him to the airport.
William took my hand and noticed the bracelet dangling from my wrist.
"Where did you get this?"
I looked down at the wolf's tooth and ran my finger across it.
"From a lady at the park. She said it was meant for me."
He held it up to get a closer look.
"I think she is correct. Keep it with you always. It will protect you."
He kissed my forehead, telling me he would be back soon. Then my girl tears showed up. I felt so high school! I inhaled his presence one last time and watched them pull from the house and disappear down the drive.


Chapter 3

I lay in our bed that night feeling alone, covers wrapped securely around my neck. I could still smell William's scent. Maybe there really is something to his theory about scent being the attraction. Somehow, it gave me comfort. Inhaling deeply, I hugged his pillow tight and closed my eyes, desperately hoping to find sleep soon so that I could stop missing him.

The door creaked slightly as it opened, stirring me from sleep. I could only see his shadow as he made his way toward my bed. He stood by my side, unmoving, watching me. I could hear his breathing, feel his warmth. I was frozen, unable to move. Strangely, I was not scared. I knew him. Somehow. I knew his scent.
He slowly knelt, placing one hand beneath the sheet. First he touched my thigh, ever so lightly. His skin was warm, smooth against mine. He leaned in closer, his hand moving to the inner thigh. My heart beat faster in anticipation. My temperature rose in response. He gently pulled my leg to the side, revealing that place he longed to touch.
The heat from his body met mine when he moved himself onto the bed. His hand continued to roam the length of my leg until it found the wetness of my desire. He tenderly massaged the folds of my secret place, creating a longing for his manhood deep within. I gripped fists full of linen as he continued to bring me to the highest point of ecstasy. My body moved in motion as he stroked. I could no longer hold back. As I let go, my body writhed from pleasure. A burst of rapture filled my entire being.

I opened my eyes to look into his face and kiss his tender lips. No one was there. It had been a dream. Or had it? Embarrassment exhumed me and I buried reddened face beneath the covers. If I were having a dream, was my body reacting for real? Maybe I had been pleasuring myself without knowing.
I peeked from under the edge of the covers. There was no one there but the door stood open. I wrapped the comforter around me and tripped toward the door, slamming it shut as I fell forward. I lay on the floor, kicking and fighting against the terrible goosedown monster. Once I had defeated my combatant, I took a hot shower to wash away the event.
Dressed and ready for the day to come, I made my way down the hall and into the main living area. The house was quiet except for the sound of percolating coffee in the kitchen. It smelled heavenly. No resisting that odor. Heading for the first mug in sight, I stopped in my tracks when I saw Malcolm.He turned away, releasing a small chuckle in the process. I slammed a spoon on the countertop and turned to face him.
"Look, I don't know what you saw or heard, or what you think you saw or heard, but I do know that I don't appreciate those dirty little thoughts. Keep it to yourself."
We parted ways, a scowl on my face and a smirk on his. I finished my cup of coffee on the back deck, watching the lake shimmer in the morning sunlight. It was quiet. Almost too quiet. With William gone, there were no lingering wolves about the house. I had no intention of spending the rest of my day locked up in a store with this bunch, especially Malcolm. It was time to take a girl's day off.
I was nervous when I made the appointment. I don't have many female friends and being girly wasn't my cup of tea. I drove all the way to Birmingham so that a complete stranger could make me 'beautiful and desirable'. First I went shopping for a new outfit. That's harder than you might think for someone like me. I mean, other than jeans and a pullover, my wardrobe consists of basketball shorts and t-shirts. As for hair, a ponytail is the only style I know. Once perfectly fitted with an ensemble to kill, I stopped by a day spa that was sure to please. I have to admit, the nails weren't a big deal but the facial and full body massage was magnificent.
The ideal highlights were strategically placed throughout my hair. Once the entire makeover was complete, I stepped in front of a full length mirror and stared in astonishment. The woman that looked back at me was absolutely unfamiliar.
"Damn girl, you're hot!"
The comment coming from my stylist made me giggle. I think William would be pleased with the outcome. Money well spent.
I had about a forty-five minute drive back home. The four-inch heels I had purchased would have to be parked on the seat until my arrival. There's no way I could operate the foot pedals wearing those things. About halfway there, my stomach let out a gurgling roar that reminded me I hadn't eaten all day. So, next stop, lunch.
There's a small deli in the center of town. It popped up out of nowhere and quickly became engulfed by the lunch-eating workforce. I always thought it would be fun to have a job that allowed you two hours to disappear for a gathering of gossip and drinks. It's no longer the water cooler era. However, today I was lucky enough to have a late lunch and miss all of the human traffic. The place was almost empty, except for the two eye-balling young men sitting at a table in back. I think I saw one of them actually drool as I walked in. This kind of attention could become addictive.
While waiting for a mouth-watering Rueben sandwich, dill pickle and potato chips to be prepared, he walked in. There was no escaping Curt. He strolled past and placed his order at the counter. To my surprise, he waited there for his food rather than approaching me. I'm sure my face had already blushed five shades of red. For the life of me, I can't figure out why he still has this effect on me! Spoke too soon. Here he comes.
"Hey, Jen."
I hurriedly swallowed the mouthful of saliva that had accumulated on my tongue. He didn't take his eyes off of mine.
"You look ravishing. What's the occasion?"
I almost choked trying to answer.
"No occasion. Can't a girl get gorgeous every now and then?"
A voice on the loud speaker called out, "number thirty-one!"
That's me.
"You should come by the shop sometime. It would be nice to catch up."
I wanted to follow him right then but caught myself. I don't think that would be such a good idea in William's eyes. Instead, I slid behind the wheel of my blue Honda and started the engine. The radio roared, static and all. Then and there I made a decision. I stopped by Sounds By Design and made an appointment to have a decent system put in. Only cost $1200. Really not a bad price for everything I got. I could hardly wait to feel my seat vibrate from the bass!
It was evening and the house was well lit. If I was going to have to make an entrance, now was as good a time as any. I hauled myself from the car, new Coach bag hanging from my shoulder. It wasn't an easy task walking across the gravel in the highest pair of heels ever to be created. Or so it felt to me. Once on solid cement it wasn't that hard. Just throw your hips forward and your good to go. The first to notice had to be Malcolm, of course.
"Your scent is intoxicating, Jenson."
He moved in my direction and I avoided him by heading around to the other side of the sectional. All eyes were on me now. Chris even put down his PS3 controller.
"Damn, Jen! What's got into you? You look like a...a girl."
"Nice of you to notice. I've had breasts for quite some time now."
The staring was making me uncomfortable. Obviously, the pack house was not a place to make an entrance. At least not while William was away. I excused myself in a ladylike manner and escaped to my bedroom, immediately tossing the shoes onto the floor. It didn't take long to find a comfortable pair of sweat pants and t-shirt to fix the situation. At least it stopped all the stares when I returned. Except for Malcolm. I noticed that his nostrils flared as I passed by. Damn, I forgot about the perfume. Maybe I should just spend the rest of the evening in my private room.
I was just about to travel deep into fiction land when my phone rang.
"William!"
"I am sorry it took so long for me to call. You know how it goes when I come into town. I finally found a minute to get away. How's everything going?"
I told him about my day and patiently waited for him to explain what was going on.
"It's private. You know, werewolf stuff. I would share with you if I could but I don't think the elders would approve."
Then I heard a voice in the background.
"William, how much longer will you be? I need you."
OMG! It was that snot of a wolf, Cassie.
"What is she doing there? Don't make me fly up there!"
"Calm down, Jen. This is no big deal. Please don't make it more than what it is."
I didn't even know what it was. How could I make it more?
"Fine, William. Enjoy yourself."
I hung up without saying goodbye.

~ ~ ~

The plane landed with a screeching thud.William had a death grip on the seat in front of him. The sound of a soft voice brought his attention to reality. He immediately released his hold on the seat. Indentations had already formed where his fingers had wrapped tightly around, allowing a bit of the stuffing to emerge.
"I apologize,ma'am." William told the flight attendant. "I thought I could control it this time."
"Well I guess you were wrong."
He knew that someone would be at the airport to pick him up but was oddly surprised to see that it was Cassie. She appeared impatient until setting eyes on William. Her arms flung around his neck and gave a big squeeze, overlooking the fact that they were in a public place. To the unknowing onlooker, it would seem that they were lovers reunited but that was not the case. After peeling himself away from her clutches, they retrieved the luggage and began the long drive.
Because William took the driver's seat, Cassie began to snuggle and caress. Even though he made genuine attempt to dismiss her advances, he had to admit she looked amazing and her scent was so...feminine. He found himself considering what lingerie she had chosen beneath the dress clinging to her curves. He shook the thoughts from his mind and forced himself to concentrate on the road ahead. This not being an easy task.
It was always a welcome homecoming. The children pounced on William as soon as he stepped from the vehicle. Cassie swatted them away and pranced into the house. He made his rounds, greeting everyone that had come. The gigantic meal already prepared was a tradition that he looked forward to. His appetite had vanished while taking to the friendly skies. Cassie gave her best attempt at sticking close to William's side but Lysa successfully diverted his attention throughout the evening. Her dislike was obvious as she had taken to Jenson and was devoted to keeping an eye on William in her absence.
William had lost track of time when he realized he had not yet called Jenson. He tried to sneak away but was soon found.
"William, how much longer will you be? I need you."
William hung his head in disbelief because he knew Jenson would not be pleased when she heard from the other end of the line. Her reaction came as expected. He was, though, a bit stunned when she hung up on him. Women can often be dramatic in situations such as this but he knew he could smooth things over when he got home. Until then, he would have to focus on the situation at hand.
William's grandfather had been Alpha in this region for many years now. He knew he would soon have to step down once age had crept up on him and prevented him from being able to perform all duties necessary. The region had grown over time and had many subdivisions. Younger wolves now held pack leadership positions at a much earlier age than had been in the past. Theirs was a complicated political system, not unlike the humans, that required constant attention to prevent dissention among the ranks.
"You better get on home, William. Get some rest. We have a long day ahead of us tomorrow."
Cassie placed her front against William's and snuggled her arms around his neck. In his ear she whispered.
"I would be happy to keep you warm tonight."
She backed away, keeping her eyes fixed on his, sliding her tongue slowly across her lip.
"That girl is nothin but trouble. Mark my words. Nothin but trouble."
Gramps never did approve of Cassie. She had been trying to snag William's affection for years. The worse thing he could imagine was William mating with her. He swore beneath his breath. Even Lysa made opportunity to interject.
"I don't think William has to worry about getting cold. He is a wolf you know."
She crossed her arms across her chest and jutted her chin out towards Cassie. She knew this woman was a nuisance and would stop at nothing to get what she wants.
William didn't need his grandfather or sister to tell him that Cassie was bad news. It was obvious that she had been trying to lure him with her femininity over the years. He was fortunate to find enough strength to avoid her over time. But now, she seemed to be exerting an enormous amount of attention toward her quest. Either she was getting better at it, or he was weakening.
He drove down the winding road and parked in front of his little house. It was small but served its purpose. The tiny abode emitted its usual musty smell when he opened the door. It had been closed up for months, at least since his last visit with Jenson. He dropped his bag to the floor and headed to the bathroom for a quick shower before bed. The steamy water felt good after a long day. Sleep would feel even better.
The sheets felt cool on his bare skin as he slid between them. It took no time for him to find comfort and disappear from consciousness, though his wolf senses were always on alert. Even the tiny field mouse scurrying across the kitchen floor did not escape his awareness. Nor did the front door when it opened then closed. He knew her scent familiarly before she even entered his bedroom.
She came to him in wolf form. He could see her shape slinking toward him slowly. She rubbed her flaxen fur along the edge of the blanket, secreting pheromones to influence William's natural desire to mate. She crept atop the bed and laid her animal body against the length of him, nuzzling and nipping at him through the covers.
William became aware of his nature taking over. It was a recognizable quivering from within that he had experienced so many times before. There was something special, almost exceptional, about a sexual encounter with another werewolf. The thrill of conquering the female species was an inborn trait that surpasses all others, even the thrill of the hunt. He tried to maintain control but the sensation was overwhelming.
As the wolf slid beneath the covers, she transformed into human shape. Her body bonded against his, discharging tremendous heat and need. Her hands freely roamed while she pleasured his mouth with her lips and tongue. He made attempt to withdraw but his effort was meaningless. It only made her more aggressive. Her hand enveloped his aroused organ. Gripping firmly, she continued to stimulate his need, moving back and forth along its length.
He knew this was wrong. He knew this should not be happening. He tried desperately to find the will to end this episode, end it before he could not turn back. His breathing grew stronger. She climbed atop him, straddling his groin in anticipation to take him further. William clenched his eyelids tight and a vision emerged. A vision of the one he loved. Jenson.
"No...no...Cassie STOP!"
He grabbed her by the arms and shoved her aside, darting from the embrace of torment. He landed himself against a dresser, bracing for support to remain upright. His body quivered as he slowly gained control over his functions. His mind was his to command again. He lifted his head, tossing the hair from his face, and spoke roughly.
"Leave, Cassie."
She sat on William's bed, sheets pulled high to cover her nakedness, not understanding what was happening. She was sensual, sexual and willing. Why did he not want her?
"What is wrong with me, William? Why do you not desire me?"
He pulled on a pair of jeans and responded.
"You are a very desirable woman. Almost too desirable."
"Then why? For years you have avoided me. We would be magnificent together. You know that."
She forced false tears to enhance her performance.
"Is it because I am not human? Is that what you desire?"
The question made him angry.
"Being human has nothing to do with it. I am werewolf. I have not forgotten that."
"And you are pureblood. Have you forgotten that?"
She stomped toward the front door, leaving her body uncovered for effect.
"When you come to your senses, William, call me. I'll be waiting."
She turned on her heel and departed. A smile beamed across her face. She knew now that his hunger was truly there. He had struggled to control his reaction. And an immense struggle it had been. She would let him ponder what had occurred. He would eventually realize that no human could do for him what she, a wolf, could do. There would be other opportunities. She could be patient a little while longer.
William sat at the kitchen table, fingering his cell phone. He wanted to hear Jenson's voice. Needed to hear her voice. The guilt he held from the previous occurrence prevented him from dialing. Not because it actually happened, but because he had responded to her advances. He knew it would hurt her. He knew she would not recover. The longer he waited, the easier it was to talk himself out of it. No, he would not call. Not tonight.
"Nothing happened."
He continued to tell himself that throughout the night. But every time he awakened, the female wolf scent was overwhelming. Was Cassie right? Had he forgotten he was pureblood? He knew that it was his duty to reproduce, to carry on the werewolf existence. This would not be possible with Jenson. There had to be a resolution. He would figure this out.


Chapter 4

I couldn't believe she was there with him. I was furious. Boiling with jealousy. I truly believe if I were there I could take that bitch of a wolf down. How could he tell me not to make more out of this than what it is? I know what this is. It's a female in heat, or estrus as William calls it. She is devious, conniving, lowdown dirty and after my man! Needless to say, I didn't sleep well that night.
I woke with the impression of cotton balls in my mouth. Probably due to the excessive amount of wine I had last night. What can I say? I was angry and feeling sorry for myself. Nothing a little alcohol can't fix, right? Besides, I drank away my sorrows and was ready to start the day fresh.
I had an appointment with a car stereo. The problem was what I would do with my time while it was being installed. On my drive into town, I tuned into my favorite rock station and sang at the top of my lungs one last time to the factory contraption I had learned to love. The resonance on my right began to crackle but I didn't care. At least not until the annoying noise overpowered the words in every song. It was official, I had blown a speaker. The perfect way to celebrate and lay it to rest.
The man at the counter took the keys and my Honda disappeared somewhere behind the building. I noticed a phone book and became curious. Thumbing through the yellow pages, I went directly to the back and found it. Waldrop's Auto Body. The same name it had even before Curt took over. No one had to tell me it was wrong because I already knew it. How could it be any different than William spending time with miss sassy Cassie? He was my friend and I needed something to do for the next few hours.
"I was surprised you called. Glad, but surprised all the same."
I was already seated in his car by the time I realized I may have made a terrible mistake. I came to this conclusion for two reasons. One, because I had a boyfriend that wouldn't be too happy about where my behind was currently sitting. Two, because I was thrilled to be there.
Old memories came flooding back. We had taken many rides in this car, long before it looked so amazing, but it still felt the same. I swear if our song played on the radio I would crap my pants! I didn't ask where we were going, truth be told I didn't care. It was nice just seeing him again and hearing his voice. He had a very masculine voice. He had a very masculine everything.
He caught me up to date on his personal and family life. I had come to know his parents, and brother and sister pretty well during that time. The brother kind of made me uncomfortable, though I don't know why. The sister, now she's a piece of work. Forgive the expression but she was a wanna-be mean girl who, in actuality, was trailer trash. That probably sounds harsh to those who never met her. Curt never went anywhere without her. That's right, she attended every date we ever had. I always thought that was a little weird. And the parents! Jeez Louise! His father was a drunk and a pain in the ass. Can't say too much about his mother though. She was always nice to me, until we broke up that is.
He drove to the north side of town, ending up in a vacant parking lot. I knew this place. It had been years since I had visited there. They used to charge admission but that ended a long time ago. It's called Hurrican Creek Park. I walked the trails once but saw no creek and no hurricane. I suppose one wouldn't expect to see a hurricane in north Alabama anyway. It's more like a bluff overlooking a bunch of pine trees. We bypassed the gate through a broken section of fence and sat down on a bench. A spark of electricity ran through my body when he took my hand to lead the way. 
"I got it from my mom's side of the family. It skipped a generation."
He told the story explaining how he came to be a werewolf.
"That's why dad was always drunk. He couldn't find any better way to cope with it. Scott didn't get the wolf gene. He was in continual competition once we figured out I had it. Kaye either. Mom expected her to watch out for me. Keep away any potential discovery of the family secret."
That would explain why she was always there on our dates.
"Now it all makes sense."
He placed one arm around my shoulders and the other brushed a piece of stray hair from my face.
"I hadn't had much experience with human girls at that time. I wasn't sure what would happen if we...if you and I...well, you know."
I looked into his eyes and saw the hurt.
"You don't have to explain. I understand now."
"I guess you would, now that you're with William."
The name stung and brought me back to reality.
"For a long time I dreamt of making love to you, Jenson. I wanted to. I really did. And to know now that he has touched you..."
I didn't even know what to say. I couldn't apologize for loving William. I wouldn't. 
"I'm not the man you knew back then. I've grown and learned more about my inner wolf. I understand who I am now. And if you would just give me the chance, I could show you."
He leaned in and carefully pressed his lips to mine. A storm of heat rushed through me. All of the same emotions came flooding back in that instance. I returned the kiss without hesitation. My pulse increased, along with the craving for more. This felt so good, his lips felt so warm, and I felt so...damn! I pushed away from him immediately.
"I can't do this, Curt. I'm with William now. I love him. I truly love him."
I thought I detected pain in his eyes but he recovered quickly.
"I see. In that case, let's get something to eat."
It ended as swiftly as it had begun. Conversation continued without pause. We joked and laughed over Mickey D's fries and remember-when's. At least our friendship had stood the test of time. He dropped me off at the stereo shop and winked.
"This one's on me."
Then he drove away. I wasn't sure what that meant until I went inside. The man handed me the keys and receipt, "enjoy." It was paid in full. No balance due! There was a complimentary CD in the passenger seat, 80's Hair Bands. I thumped and bumped my way back down Trimble Road, elated from the vibration of my seat and rearview mirror. I wish the ride had been longer but I arrived in the driveway and killed the engine. I took a deep breath and painted on my best 'not guilty' face. Maybe no one would be home.
"You reek of wolf."
Guess I wouldn't be so lucky.
"Stop sniffing me, Malcolm. It's rude."
"He's right, Jen. I smell it too."
Chris had to put his two-cents in.
"How would you be able to smell anything? Huh? Humanoid."
I ducked my head and hurried down the hallway for an apparently needed shower. As I was daubing my wet hair with a towel, a voice interrupted.
"You can't wash it off, you know."
I startled at the intrusion. I looked up to find Abbey standing in the doorway.
"Wash what off?"
"The scent. Our olfactory system is unsurpassable."
Why were these people always in my business? She sat on the edge of my bed as if waiting for explanation. I thought about shooing her away but then again, what's the point? I knew she didn't mean to be a bother.
"It's nothing. I ran into an old friend. We had lunch. That's all."
"I wasn't asking. Just letting you know."
I sensed that she was visiting me for another reason. I sat beside her and continued to comb out my hair.
"Spill it."
She stammered but eventually got to the point.
"I think I want to...you know...I think I want Chris and I to..."
"You wanna have sex with him?"
She blushed at the thought of admitting to me.
"No! Well, of course I want to but that's not it. I can feel the attraction between us. I respect him. In our world, we mate for the purpose of producing offspring. But with Chris, it feels different. What does it feel like for you?"
I wasn't sure if she meant the physical act or the emotional attachment.
"It feels amazing. When William touches me, my heart pounds and sometimes I have to remind myself to breathe. Just talking about it now gets me excited. It feels...right."
Abbey was nervous. She knew Chris and I were close friends and didn't want to put a snag in her new friendship with me. But then again, I am committed to her Alpha and girlfriends are supposed to be able to talk about this kind of stuff.
"I just don't know if he is having the same thoughts as me."
Her face was pitiful. I couldn't take it anymore.
"Want me to find out for you?"
"No! I would be devastated."
"I mean I could just pick his mind. He will never guess that you were inquiring. I promise."
I sat with the 'family' while watching rental movies, twisting the engagement ring on my finger. Mostly I just stared out the window in a daze. I wondered what William was doing at this very moment. Was he thinking about me too or was he enrapt in the wiles of Cassie? I should have insisted on going with him. A man is weak in the seduction area. Sometimes a woman has to protect her own. Without me there, would he submit? Maybe Lysa would be able to run interference for me if necessary.
"Having second thoughts?"
Leave it to Malcolm to say just the wrong thing at just the right time.
"You've twisted that thing 5,483 times around your finger."
Did he really sit there and count every single rotation? Of course not. Probably not. No.
"Don't you have anything better to do than hassle me?"
Malcolm wasn't a bad guy. I think he means well. Most of the time. I have yet to figure out the meaning behind some of his comments. 
"No second thoughts. But maybe third or fourths."
That brought a smile. 
"You have to learn to trust him. Human or wolf, without trust it will not last."
I knew that was true but it was such a hard task to accomplish knowing that Cassie was there with him and I was here. 
"How does this work, Malcolm? This mating thing. If I can't give William purebred pups, what will happen?"
He breathed in and exhaled. 
"It may not be my place to tell you these things. But since you asked."
A smile appeared as if he had been waiting for just the right moment to spring it on me.
"In our world, Alpha or not, the male is not expected to remain monogamous. It is acceptable to mate with more than one. It is not a matter of emotion. Simply the act of producing offspring. Of course, the physical act is satisfying as well."
What! Is he kidding me? I'm supposed to allow William to boink any old bimbo he chooses? I think not. 


Chapter 5

William awoke not feeling rested. He had tossed and turned throughout the night, falling in and out of dreams. At times envisioning Jenson's face, other times Cassie would appear. He pulled himself from bed and stood beneath a hot shower in hopes of washing away the guilt from his previous night's encounter.
There was no confusion when considering his feelings for Jenson. He was drawn to her and resisting was not an option. She was the woman he would share his life with. There was a bit more to consider where Cassie was concerned. She is vibrant, alluring and purebred werewolf. His body had definitely responded to her advances. It took every ounce of self-control he could muster to break away. His inner wolf was still angry at that decision.
Thing is, Jenson may think she is ready to adapt to pack life but there are things she is unaware of that William knew she would never agree to. Male wolves are not required to remain platonic, even when committed in a union. Matter of fact, they are almost expected to venture out. Mating is meant for reproduction. William is purebred and Alpha. It is his unspoken duty to carry on the bloodline. The current holder of his heart can never provide him, or the pack, with purebred pups.
It was a beautiful day. The sun was shining and the air was crisp. The temperature was quite a bit lower in North Dakota during the fall season. William had not yet adjusted to the sweltering summers of the south. He breathed in deeply, inhaling all of the familiar scents of home. It would be a good night for a run. Stretch his legs and cleanse his lungs. Maybe he could convince Lysa to come along. He enjoyed those times spent together when growing up.
William decided to walk the dirt road rather than drive. His grandfather was perched on the front porch, sitting patiently on an old wooden chair.
"You young folks would sleep life away if we let ya. Been waiting since daybreak."
"Sorry, Gramps."
William gave him a pat on the shoulder in greeting as he went inside in search of breakfast. Two things he could count on when visiting; the love of family and lots of food!
"Mmm, smells good."
The women of the pack, at least those nearby, made sure his grandfather was taken care of. Lysa was at the kitchen sink finishing up the breakfast dishes. William placed a brotherly kiss on her cheek. She immediately recognized the familiar scent of female wolf.
"I saved a plate for you."
He sat and enjoyed one of his favorite luxuries of home.
"Gramps misses you. We all do."
She gave a little smile over her shoulder. She reminded him so much of their mother. Even the small wisp of hair that fell across her forehead.
"There was no one else to take the position, Lysa. We don't always have a choice when it comes to pack matters."
He dropped his plate into the sudsy water.
"Thanks mom."
He smiled coyly and walked away, allowing a noisy belch to release. He felt his sister's playful wrath when her dish towel stung his rump, making a popping sound.

"Ready to roll, Gramps?"
Gramps had dozed off and was startled by the sound of William's voice.
"You trying to give an old man a heart attack?"
They took Gamps' pickup into town. They ran a few errands, the last being a brief stop at the local drug store. Gramps returned with a small bag in hand, no explanation given. William did not like the thought of his grandfather having health issues and not informing him.
"What's in the bag?"
Gramps faced straight ahead.
"You just keep your eyes on the road. We're meeting some folks for lunch. Pull in over there at the cafe."
He pointed a finger to indicate direction. William knew he had avoided the question but decided to let it slide for now. A small tinge of worry would poke at the back of his mind until he was satisfied that his grandfather was all right.
"Get that fretful look off your face. Got more important things to discuss right now. I don't plan on going anywhere anytime soon. Besides, you still owe me a pup or two."
William had planned to have that very discussion while he was here. He just didn't think it would come up so soon.
"Ya. Thought that might shut you up."
A handful of the older pack members were already seated when the two walked in. It was good to see the men that William had grown up respecting. They each had a hand in guidance and direction that led William to be the Alpha that he had grown into. Always grateful for their wisdom but curious now as to why they had all gathered in this manner.
Once the waitress brought food, it didn't take long for conversation to turn serious. There was a reason William was called here and he had a feeling this was when he would find out why. Gramps was first to lead it off.
"There's been some talk going around, William. Some members of the pack are questioning my ability to lead."
William stopped chewing. His anger rising immediately.
"Someone has challenged you?"
"No, no. Nothing like that. Just rumor but from a reliable source."
William looked to the others for more information.
"Kids listen when you think they are not. And kids love to talk. Needless to say, conversation gets back to us without asking."
"Looks like a few of the guys think your grandfather may not be able to handle situations like he used to. You know, when he was younger. They call him old. Say he's not strong enough to be Alpha anymore."
"Now, we all know this isn't true but if one of them young bucks were to actually challenge your grandfather, well, we don't even want to think about the outcome."
William let everything sink in before speaking. His grandfather had been Alpha since he was born. His father was next in line but his ill-fated death changed that lineage. William was trained and shaped into an Alpha. When the pack grew and the region spanned outward, he was asked to take on their new area in the south, where he currently holds position.
"I can see you have discussed this before my arrival. What do you have in mind?"
They each looked at one another. Then Gramps spoke up.
"We want you to come back home, William. Issue a formal challenge. Malcolm can have the Alpha spot down south. He's well prepared."
William was stunned. There was no way he would vie against his own grandfather. It would certainly not be a fair fight and he definitely could never harm a family member.
"That's not going to happen. I will not compete against you."
"You won't have to. I'll decline the challenge and step down."
"And what prevents them from challenging me?"
Again, they looked at one another.
"Nothing. If someone is stupid enough to buck against you, more power to 'em. You could rip any of them to shreds, son. Everybody knows that."
"You're the best qualified for the position, William. We need to act before they decide to."
So there it was. The pack needed him home. It was a lot to take in. A lot to consider. Not long ago he had uprooted and moved south to head his own area. Now they wanted him to lead the entire region. He considered Malcolm and already knew he had fine abilities. He trusted his Beta with his life. He would make an excellent Alpha and he was sure Malcolm would accept the appointment. Moving back home would be great. His missed his family and friends. He missed the land and freedom to run. His heart was ready to accept at that moment but there was one thing preventing him. Jenson.


Chapter 6

I stood in front of the mirror, desperately trying to replicate the same hairstyle I paid all that money for. It didn't look quite the same but would do. I hadn't seen William for five days and I wanted to make his homecoming special. I put on a new Victoria's Secret undergarment ensemble. It was so lacy and frilly. I can't imagine why someone would design something so pretty just to cover it up with clothing! I wonder if anyone would mind if I simply wore this to greet him. The bedroom door opened and he stood there, looking scrumptious as always.
"William!"
I flung myself at him, wrapping my arms around his neck and smothering his face with kisses. His arms enveloped me and held me tight. I don't know for how long we stayed that way, his arrival was so unexpected that I lost track of time. He slowly moved me away and took a long look up and down my body. I suddenly felt self-conscious of my appearance, blushing in the slightest. He reached to trail a fingertip down my front. My skin shivered in response. In one swift move, he picked me up and we landed in a bundle on the bed, ravaging one another as if it were the first time.
"Will! Come on! We want to see you too, you know."
Jonas' voice carried down the hallway.
"I had forgotten just how needful this bunch can be."
He kissed me once more, long and hard, before releasing.
"Guess we will have to postpone our reunion for a bit."
Can't say I wasn't disappointed but he did interfere with my plan of seducing him. This week had seemed like a lifetime. What could one more day hurt? I threw on some clothes and followed him out. The entire bunch was anxiously waiting to greet him. Even some of the other members of the pack had shown up to join in the festivities. Apparently a 'welcome back' party had been organized without my knowledge.
"Sorry, Jenson. I didn't want to take the risk of you giving it away. We wanted it to be a surprise." Abbey gave her cutesy grin. "Surprise!"
Oh goodie. A party. I spend a week without my boyfriend and now I have to share him with a bunch of wolves. This is definitely going to take some getting used to. Well, if you can't beat em, join em. I poured myself a glass of wine and gulped. Might as well kick it off correctly. Chris seemed more excited than anyone. He was telling William a story with exaggerated animation. Everyone in the room erupted with laughter. In the midst of all the commotion, he found moments to send a glance my way, just to let me know I wasn't forgotten. He loves me.
The day wouldn't be complete without a little sparring practice in the yard. Abbey's turn to take on Jonas. She was quicker than him, avoiding his advances. She countered with her own nips and nudges. It didn't take long for the playfulness to turn into something more realistic. Tempers got the best of them both, along with Abbey's need to show dominance as Alpha female. When Jonas broke skin on her foreleg, she yelped aloud and grabbed his neck, taking him to the ground in one rapid movement. She twisted his arm in an unnatural position. I gasped as I watched the mangled mess. William rushed in to separate the brawl.
"That's enough, Abbey. Let him go. Now!"
Chris and Malcolm were engaged in a struggle of their own to pull her from Jonas. I had never seen her in this demeanor. It was uncharacteristic of her usual playful self. Her inner wolf had emerged in front of me for the first time. For the first time, I was frightened of her.
Minutes later, I saw the two down by the water's edge, Jonas in a position of submission. They returned, hand in hand, smiles on both of their faces. There was no end to the loyalty of this pack. Brothers and sisters fight all the time in the human world yet they still love one another. No reason for these guys to be any different.
The grill was in full force for hours. Werewolves can put away some food! William found time to sit with me while we ate. It felt good to see his smile again. He leaned over and kissed my neck softly. I almost dropped the plate from my lap.
"Good to know I've still got it."
Of course he did. And I could hardly wait to give it to him!

"It had to be him. She reeked."
William stared away in confusion. He knew Jenson would never betray him. Then again, she had become pretty upset when she heard Cassie's voice. Maybe it was her way of paying him back.
"I'm sure it was nothing."
Malcolm knew there was more to the story than Jenson had been willing to share. He put a bug in William's ear to get his attention. There was no way he would let Curtis Dale get to her. Not again.
I was lounging on the couch, watching William and Malcolm through the glass, holding conversation. William's face showed concern but I couldn't hear what they were talking about. I assumed it had something to do with the meeting he had attended. That's when my cell phone vibrated. A text from Lysa. I stormed through the door, heading straight for my 'fiancé'.
"What did you do, William! Did you screw that bitch?"
I shoved him in the chest. Big mistake. Malcolm grabbed my wrists and twisted my arms behind my back. A deep growl emerged from his throat. I struggled but to no avail. His grip only tightened.
"I warned you before not to disrespect my Alpha!"
"Let her go, Malcolm."
I was panting with rage at this point. Images of Cassie flashed through my mind.
"Yes, Malcolm, let me go. Please let me at him!"
Chris had jumped in between us now.
"Cut it out, Jen. What's got into you?"
"Let me explain, Jen."
I had no intention of listening to William's explanation. There was no acceptable explanation. Not this time. The rest of the pack had surrounded William by now and I could see that I was outnumbered. No matter what this man does, they will always protect him. Malcolm manhandled me into the house and aggressively placed me on the couch.
"Do not move."
I started to argue but the glow in his eyes warned me otherwise.
"I don't know if you've lost your mind or are just plain stupid. Control your anger, little one. I don't really want to hurt you."
His eyes had returned to normal now as he calmed. I suppose if he could maintain control, so could I.
"I'll be in my room. Keep that dog away from me."
I lay on the chaise lounge, tears ruining the makeup I had taken so much time to perfect. I don't know why I even stayed there. I should have simply left. Now I've shown out in front of everybody and probably looked like a fool. Even Chris took his side!
He didn't even bother to knock this time. He barged in like he owned the place. Well, technically he does. But this is my room!
"You're making more out of this than what it is, Jen."
Anger flooded my insides all over again.
"Stop saying that! I'm here alone, missing you and you're off boinking some chick that grows fangs and claws! How can that be less than what I'm making of it? Huh?"
His own anger showed itself at that point.
"Missing me? Is that what you call it when you are in the arms of Curtis Dale?"
Uh oh. I hung my head in shame. How did he know about that? There must be some sort of wolf telepathy that I'm unaware of. He always knows everything!
"Nothing happened."
"Isn't that what I said as well?"
We stared at each other, unmoving, neither willing to give in. I screwed up and got caught.
"I didn't have sex with him."
"Nor did I with her."
A spark of electricity ignited our hunger. We fell at one another, groping and pulling at the other's clothing. I wanted him more now than ever before. I could feel his desire grow, pressing against me through his pants. I fumbled with the zipper without success. He had no difficulty removing mine. He pumped vigorously, releasing the fury he had felt just moments ago. I took him willingly. My fingers dug into his back, gripping with desperation. I fisted a handful of his hair, wrenching his head to the side and found flesh with my teeth. He released a howl as his body exploded in orgasm.
The energy faded and my body trembled. I slid from his grip but my legs could not yet support my weight. His chest was still heaving when he backed away. A trickle of blood made a trail down his chest. He lowered his eyes and departed, quietly closing the door behind him. I slid to the floor, hugging my knees. What just happened? Was this an Alpha showing his ownership and dominance?
My aching body stood before the mirror. Bruises were already making an appearance along my arms and waist. My groin was tender with soreness. I placed my clothes in the hamper and turned on the shower. Hot water absorbed the pain, returning my mind to a place of calm. While toweling off, I experienced a sharp inner pain on my left side.
I carefully climbed between the sheets and closed my eyes. Visions of William and Cassie dominated my dreams that night. I could see them clearly. Her curves pressing against his nakedness. The smile on her face when he poured his fluid inside her. I woke myself, sobbing. William's arms wrapped tenderly around me, holding me gently and stroking my hair.
"I love you, Jen."
A tear leaked from my eye. I turned to him and held on. Held on tight to the man I love.

I awoke the next morning to an empty bed. William had already gone. I could hear movement and voices in the house. I tucked the covers up around my neck and covered my head with a pillow. Somehow, I wasn't quite ready to face them after last night's episode. Though I don't have anything to be embarrassed about. Under the circumstances, I'd say I reacted in the same way any other normal human being would have reacted. But I guess that's it. These people aren't normal human beings. In their world, had William mated with Cassie it would be acceptable. In their world, I'm an idiot. The covers were almost choking me now.
"Come on sleepy head! Rise and shine. Time to face a new day."
Abbey came bouncing in with her usual giddiness. I peeked from behind the pillow to analyze her demeanor. She didn't seem to be mad at me. She didn't appear to be making fun of me. Maybe I was over exaggerating the situation again. When she shoved the curtains aside and sunlight came pouring through the window, I quickly found shelter beneath the sheets once again.
"Seriously, Jenson. You'd sleep your days away if it weren't for me. How on earth did you ever survive all these years?"
I gave up, peeking my head out like a groundhog. 
"Did I forget some sort of plans or something?"
She giggled and continued to pick out my clothing ensemble for the day.
"No. I think we should have a girl's day off. Just you and me."
That's it. She was up to something. 
"You know I don't like surprises."
I woke myself completely in a cool shower and dressed. A ponytail should suffice for the daily doo. I had already wasted good hair last night. No sense in going to all that bother again. I settled for the jeans and girly shirt that Abbey picked. I don't spend much energy on presentation unless absolutely necessary but I suppose you've figured that out by now.
Holly and Jonas were busy sanitizing the place. A house full of werewolves can get messy. I grabbed a bottle of juice from the fridge and a leftover hotdog. Yum. Breakfast of champions. Turns out Abbey had no particular plans for our day. We would end up visiting several clothing stores. It amazed me how she meticulously examined each rack and had the ability to combine several items into a tiny wardrobe. Eventually she tired, or found everything she wanted, and we chose a quiet spot to eat.
"You know, you had every right to be angry. I spoke with Lysa this morning and she filled me in. If I were mated to William, you can bet your hindquarters that miss hoochie Cassie would be licking her wounds right about now."
I almost choked on my sandwich.
"Wait a minute. I thought it was acceptable for the Alpha to...participate with someone else."
"We don't live in the dark ages anymore, Jenson. And don't think for one minute that my man is ever going to share me with his Beta either. Of course, this could be the reason I haven't found a suitable mate yet. But I don't care! Mating is mating. And once you share a blood bond that means for life. But you wouldn't know about that part, being human and all."
Her rambling came to a halt. Must have been the expression on my face.
"Hold the rabbit trap! Have you and William bonded?"
"I'm not really sure. Is that possible?"
She thought about it. Began to speak. Then thought about it some more.
"Tell me exactly what happened."
I explained to her how things got a bit out of hand a couple of times. But I figured that was just the way it was with a werewolf. Aggressive. Rough. Animal-like. I assumed being human was a weakness on my part. That maybe I wasn't a strong enough companion, physically. And the blood part, well that was just an accident.
"Hmm. I need some time to check this out. But sounds to me like you and William have bonded. How exciting!"
Bonded. Me? 
"No. No I'm sure that's not possible. Is it?"
The question hung in the air, creating a silence between us. I think a serious conversation with William was necessary in the very near future. More than likely it would have to wait. He still hadn't told us what the whole trip to North Dakota was about. He said he wanted the entire pack to be there. I couldn't read his face to tell whether it was good or bad. Guess I would just have to find out when everybody else did. 
Abbey dropped me off at William's store and took my car back to the house. I felt a bit of anxiety tumbling around in my stomach as I entered. A teenaged boy behind the register looked up when the little bell tinkled. I didn't recognize him and didn't care. I heard voices coming from the office so I continued to the rear of the store. Now, I'm not one to eavesdrop but they were talking pretty loud. It was Malcolm's voice that I heard first.
"It is ultimately your decision. You know you can count on me to take care of the pack here."
"You will make a fine Alpha. I am confident in your abilities."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I opened the door without knocking and stood dumbfounded. I couldn't even find words. Just stood there with my mouth open.
"I think maybe I should leave the two of you alone."
Malcolm departed, leaving me to face William on my own. He stood and took my hand, guiding me to a seat. I spoke in a near whisper.
"Are you leaving, William?"
He explained the entire situation. 
"I did not mean for you to find out this way. I wanted to discuss it with you before the pack meeting tonight. You are an important factor in my decision."
An important factor. So that's what I am. Well that makes it all better. I needed time to think. I needed fresh air. I stared at the boats parked in back, trying to make sense of this. I'm a strong woman. I can deal with the werewolf lifestyle. I just had to go and land the head dog, didn't I. If he weren't Alpha, we wouldn't be having all of these issues. His arms came around me from behind. I could feel the heat in his breath on my neck when he spoke.
"I love you, Jen. And I want you by my side. But I cannot be selfish. I would understand if you chose not to leave here."
"So it's final then? You've made up your mind?"
He turned me so that our eyes met.
"No. Not entirely."
He placed his lips tenderly on mine, pressing his body firmly against me. That little tingle erupted instantaneously. How does he do that? I melted in his arms once again. Butter.
I spent the rest of the day in a haze. My mind went over everything time and time again. Was our love strong enough to carry me so many miles away from my family and friends? Would our relationship survive the trials of pack life? If I didn't go with him, would any other man ever be able to achieve the standard William had set? And most of all, if I didn't go, would he turn to Cassie in my absence? 
The pack had gathered around and listened intently to William. He had an eloquent way of speaking, keeping everyone's attention. Some of the wolves had begun to ask questions but Abbey could not contain her emotions. She sprang forward, landing at his feet and hugging his legs. She sobbed outwardly.
"William, you can't leave us! We need you. I need you."
She buried her face, shoulders heaving with grief. I could feel the pain in her voice. She was his Alpha female. He had helped to guide and lead her to become a strong and courageous wolf. She could never give loyalty and follow another as she had William.
William scanned the pack slowly, finding hurt and fear in their eyes. They felt as though he were abandoning them. They had given their lives willingly to follow him and now he was leaving. Deserting them. Even though they respected Malcolm and he would remain as the new Alpha, it wasn't the same. Their family was breaking apart, as were their hearts.
Chris stood slowly and backed away, never taking his eyes from William's. His face showed disbelief. Over the months, he had come to love the pack as family. He felt he belonged. William had called him his brother. Knowing him for all these years, I knew he would take it hard. Behind the tough exterior, Chris has a soft heart. I could see this was a crushing blow. Before I could reach him, he was gone.
They continued to each voice their disagreement to the given situation. Then, Jonas stood. Silently, until everyone was listening. 
"William is our Alpha. For many of us, he is the only pack leader we have known. We have grown to love and respect him. This decision can't be easy for him. I'm sure that he has considered all options. If this is what he feels is best for the entire pack, then we must all support him."
Holly was the most timid of the bunch. I was surprised when she stood.
"I came here with you from North Dakota, William. Your grandfather is a great man. He carries much wisdom and experience. He would not ask this of you if it were not necessary. Although it hurts deeply, you must comply with his wishes." She faced Malcolm. "When you are made Alpha, I will give my loyalty. Fully and unconditional."
This was way more emotional than I had expected. I blinked my eyes furiously to control the tears. I'm becoming such a girl! I wondered if William understood the impact he was having on the pack. On Chris. And me! I suppose I should go find Chris and make sure he's all right. I wouldn't want him to do anything stupid. Sometimes he acts in a rash manner without thinking first.
"He'll be back. Give him some time to think."
Malcolm startled me from thought. 
"He's not the same person you used to know, Jen. He's grown. He'll be back."
The comfort in Malcolm's voice was reassuring yet strange. I had never heard him speak with emotion before. Maybe there was more to him than meets the eye. Just maybe, Malcolm was an all right kind of guy.
The meeting wound down, people started to disperse and whisper amongst themselves. There was nothing left for William to say. It was best to let it sink in and assess the atmosphere tomorrow. He slowly walked toward me and took my hand, unspeaking, leading me into our bedroom. I could sense the sorrow in his heart. He closed the door quietly and faced me. Without speaking, he slowly began to remove my clothing. Not in a sexual manner though. I returned the favor for him. We lay together on the bed, enrapt in each other's comfort. We eventually fell to sleep, still unspeaking.


Chapter 7

"This is unreal, Maddie. Do you have any idea what we have here? I mean, this could lead to a whole other race that has gone undiscovered!"
Madison Howard was a local police officer. She had fallen into our mess a few months ago with the wereleopards only she had no clue that she was involved with the shifting world. She had called on Ben Sherlock, a lab tech friend, to help her uncover this big mystery. A few hair strands and blood samples led them to DNA that was unexplainable. 
"You have to keep this between the two of us, Ben. I know it's exciting for you but we're not even sure what we're dealing with."
She did her best to keep Ben's enthusiasm under control.
"Let's take it one step at a time. You continue your research and I'll nose around a bit. Sooner or later it's bound to lead to more clues."
He agreed to keep it under wraps for a while but she didn't know for how long he could contain himself. After spending the week in a squad room full of 'good ole boys', she had earned a night out on the town. There was a little bar just across the county line where she could unwind and try to forget the Neanderthal mindset at work. To the guys on the force, she was best suited for typing, filing and fetching coffee. 
The place was near empty, except for the two men playing pool and a couple seated in a dark corner. She took a stool at the bar and ordered a beer. The bartender didn't hang around for conversation, which bummed her out a little. She was a young, attractive woman with normal feminine needs and desires. What was it that made her so unapproachable?
"Fancy meeting you here."
The voice came from out of nowhere, as did the man that sat down beside her. Chris Reynolds. Her face, along with the rest of her body, instantly felt warm. Thanks to her, he had been cleared after being faced with the murder of his girlfriend. He was probably not a good addition to her life but, what the hell. He was good looking, single and sitting right beside her.
"Off duty tonight?"
His eyes immediately fell to her cleavage. She responded by closing the opening to her shirt a bit tighter.
"I'm not always working, you know."
"Ya, but you're always a cop."
She wanted to be offended by his statement but then he gave her an adorable smile that had her blushing again. He ordered two shots and two more beers. The liquor went down fast and burned. Madison could not hold back the cough that followed.
"Lightweight."
He took her hand and led her toward the pool table. The two guys that were previously engaged in a game easily decided they were finished when Chris approached. Must have been something about the look in his eyes because they didn't even attempt to argue. He found them both a cue stick and set a rack of nine ball. Good thing that college life teaches you the proper way to play pool while intoxicated or she might have been intimidated by his confidence.
"You break."
It only got better from there. Chris had her laughing within the first ten minutes. He was actually standing so close to her at one point that she could feel the heat emanating from his body. Exactly what she needed to relieve some stress. He, on the other hand, kept the fact that William was leaving in the back of his mind the entire time. At one point, he must have drifted away in thought. A soft hand on his cheek brought him back to reality. When his eyes focused, Madison's lips were inches from his. There was no turning back now. He paid the tab and they left together.
The motel room was no different from any other he had visited. Cheap furniture, cheesy bed spread and a TV bolted to a worn dresser. White towels hung from a rack and a half roll of toilet tissue remained. The air conditioner had been left running, leaving the room at a chilling temperature. 
Madison stood centered in the room, clutching her purse with both hands. Chris bolted the door and put the chain across, not that the added security really accomplished anything in a true situation. He was aware of her uncomfortable state and quickly eased the circumstances. He was a ladies man in high school and his skills had only improved since. Within a matter of minutes, her purse found its way to a chair and they found their way to the bed.
Madison awoke to daylight with a pounding headache, reaching for her cell phone to cease the continual beeping. A tiny light flashed red on top, indicating a message. The other half of the bed was empty. She opened the text and read.
"You were sleeping soundly. I didn't want to disturb you."
She hugged the pillow tight across her chest, breathing in his lingering scent. It was the best one-night-stand she had encountered in years.

"Enjoy your night?"
Malcolm met Chris as he came through the door. He wore a grin as if privy to some inside information.
"Got drunk. Got laid. No big deal."
He brushed past Malcolm and continued toward the kitchen. The big guy followed.
"So, you think things over?"
Chris turned up a bottled water and finished it in one gulp. Reaching for another, he answered.
"Ya, I thought about...things. Will's leavin. No big deal. Guess being here isn't for him."
"None of us want him to go you know. It is part of a wolf's life. The pack must come first."
Chris spun around on him.
"This is his pack!"
Malcolm's hands went up in defense.
"Hold on there, guy. You need more pack education. We are a small part of a much larger unit. Maybe you should go with him next time. Get a feel for the whole family."
Chris tossed the empty bottle into the trash.
"I thought we were family. Guess I was wrong."
He left without saying anything more. He obviously felt abandoned by William's announcement. He was used to rejection though. He had experienced plenty of that in his lifetime. No reason for this to be any different. Malcolm could empathize with this emotion. He had been abandoned by his parents and left to fend for himself as a pup. When he happened upon his current pack he was instantly welcomed. To finally belong and have a place in the world meant everything to him. This was something Chris would have to learn on his own. This was not something that could be taught.
William and I were at the store. Apparently the guy behind the counter was full time now. Apparently I wasn't worth the minimum wage position. At least that's the way I took it, even though William said it was because he wanted me available to help him in other areas. Ya, right. There was no other areas. I suppose I hadn't been very dependable. Maybe now I can figure out what I should be doing with my life. Find a real career that I enjoy. Whatever that is.
"Penny for your thoughts."
The warm lips on my neck brought me back to reality. 
"That would cost you about a million bucks, mister."
I pouted in the worst way I knew how. Maybe I could make him feel sorry for me and he would think of some other solution to give Gramps.
"Why does it have to be you? Why can't Malcolm go back and challenge him for the Alpha position?"
He put his arms around me in that warming way.
"Listen, Jen. I know you haven't been around us for very long. Each of us in leadership positions have had to earn it. There have been many small brawls and a few large battles. This one could very well be a fight to the death. I never want to face Malcolm in that manner. Not because I worry he would win, but because I do not want to be forced to kill him."
Kill him! A fight to the death!
"You didn't tell me it was going to be so dangerous, William. You could be killed!"
I flung myself at him and began that sobbing thing that I hate so much.
"Hey, have some faith in your man. Trust me, Jen. I'm good. Nothing will happen to me. And truthfully, I don't think any of those boys are foolish enough to make the challenge."
Whether they are foolish or not remains to be seen. I now knew that this was so much more serious than I had thought. Seems as though every aspect of the werewolf life depends on proving themselves and earning respect. I suppose William hadn't gotten to where he is now by being skittish or intimidated. He was right, again, of course. He was the only man, wolf, for the job.
When we got home I went to check on Chris. As soon as I saw the suitcases laying on his bed I freaked.
"Are you serious? You're leaving?"
He wore a somber face.
"This is not for me, Jen. I thought I belonged here. Guess I was wrong."
I turned him around by the arm.
"You weren't wrong. You do belong here. You were accepted instantly. How can you think you're not wanted here?"
Now two of the most important men in my life are leaving. There was no way I would agree to part with both of them. Matter of fact, I wasn't willing to lose either one.
"You're not going anywhere, Chris. This is pack life. Grow up. Deal with it."
I stomped from the room. I had enough of his childish manners. He was just as much a part of this family as I was. So what. His little feelings were hurt. He was disappointed. Life is full of disappointments. Time to suck it up and move forward. I would have William speak to him immediately. He created this mess, he can fix it.

William and Malcolm had taken Chris outside for a more private conversation. William did his best to explain to Chris the importance of keeping the pack leadership within the family.
"Malcolm suggested that I take you with me to North Dakota. I think he may be onto something. I would like for you to meet the heart of our family. Experience true pack life. Maybe then you'll have a sense of the reasoning behind our decisions."
An enormous sense of relief rushed through his body. Chris was not willing or able to part with William. His devotion and loyalty was deep. He didn't even have to think it over. He more than agreed to go along. 
"Malcolm will spend the next few days teaching you our ways. You have to be prepared for some of the things that will occur. The most important advice I can give you is simple. Control your temper."
Easy for William to say. Malcolm would have his hands full with this one. 
"Well, let's get started then."
Chris was enthusiastic and eager to learn. He grinned from ear to ear, elated that he would not have to give up his new family. He had made a rash decision. He should have given William and Malcolm benefit of the doubt before assuming it was over. When they first welcomed him, it meant forever.

I had taken my place next to Abbey in the kitchen, preparing a simple dinner for the regular crew. Meatloaf being the main entree, I had no idea how to assist. The chore of peeling potatoes was about the length of my skills. I think she was happy just to have me there for conversation.
"I don't think anyone will challenge him. He's fierce and everyone knows it. Besides, he's taking Malcolm and Chris. They'll have his back."
How reassuring. A human and a hothead. 
"What happens if it goes badly, Abbey?"
"Well, we won't think about that right now. One step at a time."
I think I heard her sniffle. She was just as heartbroken as I was. The two of us were a mess and neither one wanted to let on exactly how nervous we were. Besides, it wouldn't do for the fiancé of an Alpha to break down. I had to be strong and give him support. Set a good example for the rest of the pack. This was not going to be easy.
The next few days seemed to fly. The closer it got to the day of departure, the more insecure I became. I tried to hide it from William. I figure he had enough on his mind than to have to deal with me as well. Chris was an excited child. Malcolm, well who knows. He isn't one to show emotion. But I trusted them both completely to take care of William if necessary.
I managed to find a quiet moment with Malcolm. 
"You will take care of him, won't you?"
He didn't give me that casual smirk. He didn't look at me as if I were ignorant. Not this time.
"William is my Alpha. I will not let anything happen to him. I would give me life for him."
Although I didn't feel much better, it was reassuring to hear him say it.
"We have fought together in battle before and we will fight again. William is always the victor. You worry for the wrong reasons, Jenson. Your battle lies elsewhere."
The statement was like a slap in the face. 
"You mean because I am not werewolf?"
"That is minor as well but a worthy conflict. No, your worry lies with another wolf. One with an objective and target. Protect what is yours and I will protect what is mine. Deal?"
How could I turn down such an offer? He was giving me advice and I would be foolish not to listen. Of course Cassie was my biggest concern. I would make a phone call to Lysa in order to add extra interference. Tonight, I would give William what he needed to ensure his homecoming.
It was our last day together and time was rapidly passing by. There were so many preparations to be made and last minute details to discuss that William never found a private moment for me. I knew how dangerous this situation could be so I kept my emotions in check and reminded myself that we would be alone for the entire night without interruption. In the meantime, I spent most of the day in my room, desperately trying to fill my mind with fictional reading. I read the lines and turned the pages but I couldn't begin to tell you what the story was about.
Darkness had arrived as I sat staring through the window at the calm lake water. There was little moonlight to illuminate the grounds, cloud cover being prominent. When the first few drops began to fall I thought it was the perfect setting to express my emotions. Even the sky was shedding tears. A light rap on the door returned my attention.
William approached and took my hands in his. We stood together, arms around one another for minutes. Nothing in the world existed other than the scent of this wonderful man pressed against me. Somehow, I had to convince him that he had made the proper choice. He had to leave here knowing that there is no other woman more suited for him. If only I believed it myself, the task would be much easier.


Chapter 8

"You should never have hooked up with her in the first place. What were you thinking? It's probably a good thing that you're going away with William. Do you have any idea the trouble she could cause the pack?"
I was furious when Chris told me of his roll in the hay with Officer Howard.
"It was just sex, Jen. There's nothing wrong with that. You're getting plenty of your own."
"My sex life is not the issue here. You have to be careful. One slip and you could bring attention where it's not needed."
Chris knew it had been a bad idea but he couldn't let on that he was wrong.
"You're right. It is a good thing I'm going away. I'm sick of your mother hen attitude."
He stormed away, feeling guilty for being angry. But I had to get the last word in.
"And I'm not being a mother hen!"
"Must you always be so loud?"
Great. The last person I wanted to see. Malcolm brushed past me and retrieved a beer from the kitchen. I glared at him through gritted teeth.
"He slept with Officer Howard."
"Feeling left out? I can fix that for you."
Ugh. I decided it was time for me to retire for the night. I took a warm shower to relax and cuddled underneath the blanket with a book. I refused to let anything disrupt my last night with William.
I must have drifted off. I was awakened by warm lips pressing against the nape of my neck. Chills ran the length of my body. I turned to greet his lips with mine. Heat emitted from his skin, warming every inch of me. His hands immediately roamed freely, pleasuring and teasing. My body ached with desire. This would be the night he would remember while away.
I shifted position, placing myself atop him. There was no time for foreplay. I felt an urgent need to bring him to a place of rapture. I straddled his pelvis and we locked eyes. I began to undulate, rocking my hips back and forth, feeling him grow beneath my groin. I slipped him inside of me, slowly accepting the dimensions of his nature. My walls gripped tight and released with every rise and fall. His hands grabbed onto either side of my thighs, urging me faster but my pace remained the same. I wanted to prolong the intensity for as long as possible. 
I could feel my own desire climbing, striving to reach climax. I leaned forward, allowing my breasts to touch his front, nestling into his neck and leaving a trail of hot breath for him to absorb. His chest released a low rumble of delight while his hands clung desperately. I nipped at his skin along the side of his neck, teasing him with slight pinches from my teeth. The rumble grew louder, turning into a soft growl. I knew he was almost there. I felt the throbbing within my womb and squeezed tighter. 
I brought his arms above his head and held his hands in mine. Peering into the depths of his eyes. I smothered his mouth with mine, probing inside with my tongue. I couldn't hold on much longer. My need to take him had arrived. My own sounds of pleasure released. I buried my face in his neck as desire rose, our hips colliding with force. We were in a place of one. Nothing outside of this very moment mattered. My body began to shudder, my groin pulsating to a point of release. I could no longer control this need. I had to breathe him, sense him, taste him. I sank my teeth into the soft skin, tearing gently to expel the life flowing within. The metallic flavor reached the pallet of my tongue, my body exploding in orgasm.
At the same time, William released the wolf within. He let out a massive growl, driving his own teeth into flesh. The pain soared through me, creating a delight I had never experienced. His tongue caressed the blood seeping from my body in such an erotic way that I came again, grinding into his pelvis. He tensed in orgasm, expelling his hot fluid into my womb. Our bodies collided, trembling. I fell atop him, relaxed by his gentle hands caressing my skin. 
Our breathing slowed. Once his heartbeat returned to normal rhythm, I leaned in to whisper in his ear.
"We are bonded."
I slid from the bed, retreating to the bathroom to wash away the remains of our love making. William lay still, his mind going over everything that just happened. Had they truly bonded? Was that even possible? He didn't seem to feel any different. The blood bond between wolves was a most cherished ritual in his world. Had he just allowed himself to experience this custom with a human? He looked to the glowing light coming from beneath the bathroom door and a grin slowly emerged. William and Jenson were bonded.
I let the hot water pour over me, slowly rejuvenating the energy I had spent. Abbey had unknowingly given me the idea of this bonding thing they do. Whether or not it would be recognized in their world didn't matter. As long as William believed they were bonded, Cassie wouldn't stand a chance. 
I came back from the kitchen with a platter full of food. William had taken his place in the bathroom now. Ewww! Better change the sheets before he returns. Our little ceremony left quite a mess. We shared the food willingly. Somehow a good romp in the hay always brings along an appetite.
Before long, fatigue set in and we retired for the night. William wrapped his body gently around mine, placing butterfly kisses along my back. Just great. Now that tingle in my special place was back. He made love to me again, this time with a tenderness we had never achieved before. His wolf completely under control, his human side enjoying the independence.
I awoke to an empty bed, sun filtering through the window. I smiled and stretched. Even though this was the day that my gorgeous man would depart, I felt confident that he and I were as one now. Not even an inkling of jealousy. I was certain that the situation in North Dakota would be resolved and William would return to me unharmed and untainted.
The entire family was there to see the trio off. Chris and Jonas were involved in some sort of story while hefting luggage into the back of the pickup. His cheesy grin present and Jonas following up with laughter. I didn't even want to know. Malcolm was talking to Abbey across the yard. Probably giving her instructions on how to lead the pack while they were gone. I'm pretty sure she could handle the job. She was an undercover ball of fire. I wouldn't mess with her.
William was shaking hands and giving the man-hug to pack members when I approached.
"Morning, sunshine."
He bent to kiss my lips. Now that was the part I would truly miss. 
"Guess this is it, huh?"
He put his arms around me. Why is it that I'm always telling him goodbye? I looked forward to the day when I would become a part of these trips and not get left behind. Abbey couldn't contain herself any longer. She ran across the yard and flung herself at William, sobbing.
"Pleeeease be careful, William. I don't want to do this without you. Come home to us."
William comforted her as best he could. She was a mess. 
"Dry it up, Alpha. You must set an example."
He released her with a smile. 
"Trust in our abilities. Trust in what you know."
She nodded and stepped back. I placed an arm around her shoulders. There were no words that would ease the pain we were both feeling. Instead, we watched them leave together. Once the truck was out of sight, I took that as cue to settle in.
"C'mon. Let's get these guys fed."
She reluctantly followed me inside. Somehow I didn't think it was right for the Alpha to be cooking for her pack but that's all I could think of to take her mind off the situation for a while. After everyone had a bite to eat, people began dispersing back to their homes, leaving us to a quiet house. 
"I'm going into town to pick up some books. Wanna go with me?"
She shook her head. 
"I suppose I should stay around here. Make sure everything is in order."
I left her to do...whatever it was she would do. My car thumped to the beat of Guns n' Roses, Sweet Child O' Mine. Best rock song of all times, in my opinion. I sang at the top of my lungs, hitting every note perfectly. At least in my ears I did. My seat vibrated, the rear view mirror vibrated and my chest vibrated. I love my new stereo system! The drive ended too soon. Maybe I should take a road trip just so I can enjoy my music for a while.
The store smelled of old books and moth balls. I inhaled deeply and began roaming the isles. I wanted to find a different genre this time. Something new to escape in. I ran my fingers across the spine of each book. Maybe there was some sort of author telepathy that would seep into my body if I touched them. The one that caught my attention contained mob families of the 1920's. I wonder if any of them were werewolves? I stuffed that one beneath my arm and continued searching. I ended up with three new books placed neatly in a plastic bag and was on my way.
I stopped through Micky D's for some oh-so-yummy fries and returned home. I had just settled onto my comfy chaise when my cell phone rang. William.

~ ~ ~

William, Malcolm and Chris set off on their journey. They were making the drive this time in William's truck instead of flying. This would give them ample time to discuss the plan in full without interruption. Although they had gone over everything several times, it never hurts to do a last minute recall to ensure understanding.
"There is a possibility that someone will object to your presence, Chris. It's important upon arrival that we make it known that you are a member of our pack now. It will be up to you to hold the demeanor of wolf."
Chris scratched his head. Then Malcolm tried to explain.
"Of course you are not wolf, but you know our ways. One good thing is having Gramps on our side. He has a plan in mind for you."
"Tell me I'm not fighting one of those guys. Please. I'll be shredded!"
William laughed.
"If it did come to that, it would be in human form. I have a feeling you could hold your own now against a young wolf. Just remember everything we have taught you and you'll be fine."
Now Chris was worried. He thought he was just along for the ride. Visiting the family. Learning the werewolf custom.
"Ah hell. I just thought I would be meeting some hot furry chicks."
He sat back, arms folded across his chest. The two wolves burst with laughter. Good old Chris. William thought to himself what a breath of fresh air he had become as an addition to their pack. After Chris thought it over, he added.
"Make sure he's not puny. I don't wanna hurt him too bad. Wouldn't wanna piss anybody off."
The drive took fourteen hours. They switched drivers halfway. Chris sat in back and listened to William and Malcolm. Absorbing all the information he could. If he was going to make an impression, he wanted it to be a good one. They would make their arrival at night. William called ahead to Lysa to let her know they would go to their own houses and see them in the morning. Chris would bunk with Malcolm.
"You think that's a good idea? I mean, you don't want another run-in with Cassie."
William glared in Malcolm's direction.
"I think I can handle her."
There was silence for a few minutes before William spoke again.
"Something happened. At least I think it happened. I'm not really sure."
He had Malcolm's full attention.
"I bonded with Jenson last night."
"Blood bond!"
Chris perked up to listen closer.
"Is that even possible with a human?"
"I'm not sure."
William went over the event in his mind again.
"It happened. That's all I know."
Chris couldn't stand it any longer.
"What is blood bonding and how does this affect Jen?"
They both looked in Chris' direction then back to the road.
"It is when two wolves share blood during intimacy. We are bonded for life. You can sort of...sense one another's emotions. It is a most cherished ritual among werewolves."
Malcolm stared through the glass window at nothing. This could not be. His Alpha could not, should not, be committed to a human. His loyalty is to the pack. It is his duty to reproduce. To create purebred pups to carry on the lineage. He felt betrayed.
"So, can you sense her? Do you feel any different?"
Chris was curious as well as troubled.
"I feel no difference. Maybe it comes later. I do not know. I have never shared the bond before."
The metal gate was left open for them to pass. William stopped on the other side and got out to chain and lock the steel bars. Chris took in his surroundings as they slowly made their way down the dirt road. It was breathtaking. So many towering trees and open grassland. All secured and protected by the wolf pack. He could see why they would miss such a place. Here they had the freedom to roam in wolf form. Here they could run without inhibition. He secretly longed to feel that sense of liberation. He got a knot of anxiety in the pit of his stomach. The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end, prickling his skin. He felt as though he were home even though he had never been here before. He felt as though this is where he belonged.
William dropped them off and continued on to his own small abode. For some reason the house felt empty this time. Something was missing. He walked around turning on all of the overhead lights. Everything looked the same. But it didn't feel right. He felt...alone. The house was missing Jenson. He longed for her closeness. Maybe there really was something to this bonding thing with a human after all.
He suddenly felt fatigued. The day's drive had worn him out. He would need plenty of rest for tomorrow's events. No telling how things were going to turn out. Hopefully he would not have to exert any energy on a foolish wolf. He had already called Jenson earlier to let her know they made it here safely. He thought of dialing again and changed his mind. No need to disturb her sleep simply because he was feeling lonely. He would talk to her sometime tomorrow.

William jumped awake when the front door banged open. Before he had the chance to put pants on, three children burst into the room and dove onto the bed, giggling and crawling all over him. He loved Lysa's children and one day hoped to play this way with his own.
"Okay, okay. Get off Uncle Will and let him get dressed."
"Thanks sis."
He started to stand and for the first time felt embarrassed for her to see him naked. She sensed his apprehension and gave him privacy. When he came out, they were in the kitchen preparing the little picnic breakfast she had put together. He was thankful, now that he realized his stomach was yelling at him. The kids nibbled a bit and hit the door running to play outside. Ah, those were the days.
"I met Chris this morning. What a charmer. And cute!"
"He's a real chick magnet. Gramps treat him okay?"
"They're best buds."
William chuckled. He knew Chris would be a hit. You can't help but to like the kid.
"You sure he's okay? I mean, we can trust him?"
William answered without hesitation.
"You can trust him with your life. My word."
He wanted to ask her what she knew about human bonding but held back. Maybe this was not the time. Maybe after the pack business was settled. For now, he would just enjoy the feeling.
They all met at Gramps' house, along with several of the older members, to discuss the game plan. Chris took it all in from a spot in the corner of the room. The wisdom in their voices and the sense of urgency to move forward filled him with admiration. He felt privileged to be allowed the honor of sitting in. He had been previously instructed to stay in the background, speak when spoken to, and not to interrupt. He realized he didn't have to be told that. There was more experience in this room than he could ever imagine having.
There were no women in the room. Business was conducted strictly between the male members who have shown authority or held positions as such. In their day, these were some of the most fierce and powerful werewolves in the area.
The meeting broke and they all made plans to gather again for an evening barbecue and bonfire. This had become tradition over time during a blue moon. It would be the final phase before the harvest moon this year.At nightfall, they would sit around the fire and listen to stories of ancient time. A 'freedom run' finishes up the custom.

~ ~ ~

The house was so quiet that I jumped when my phone rang. I was a little surprised by the identity of the caller.
"Hey, it's Madison."
I'm sure I hesitated a little longer than she anticipated.
"I was just wondering if you know where Chris is. I tried his cell but he doesn't answer."
I sat there, caught off guard by the question. I wasn't sure if I should be having this conversation with her. After all, he is my friend and I know he likes to keep up his image with the ladies. I decided to just go with it and see what I could pull from her.
"He's gone with William and Malcolm. Probably doesn't have service."
"Oh. Well that would make sense."
It was her turn to hesitate.
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have imposed on you. When you see him would you mind telling him that I called?"
"Sure, no problem. I, um, heard you two had a good time the other night."
I made it sound more like a question than a statement, hoping she would expand on the topic.
"Ya, he's a fun guy. I'm glad I ran into a familiar face. Otherwise, who knows what kind of creep I would've had to deal with. I don't know what I was thinking going to that bar alone. I guess I forgot what it's like to be a single girl in that environment."
Hmm. I suppose she didn't intend on divulging any dirty little secrets. I still didn't feel comfortable holding conversation with a police officer. Especially one that had gotten so close to finding out about our little secret. I ended the call with a promise to pass the message on to Chris. I should choke him for getting involved with that woman.
Everyone else was off doing whatever it was they were doing and I was left here to my own resources. Which, by the way, doesn't amount to much. I have a problem keeping myself occupied. Other than reading, I don't have many hobbies. Matter of fact, I don't have any at all. Maybe I should search the web for an incredible career path that would make me wealthy and could be achieved in six months. I'm sure there's one out there calling my name. Just as I stood, my cell rang again.
"Jeeze. I know the guy is good but not that good."
My mistake. It was Thomas.
"What a nice surprise!"
"Hey, Jen. We're getting together tonight out at the cabin. Thought maybe you and Chris might wanna come."
Great! I have plans!
"I'll be there. Besides, I still haven't met this girlie you've been spending so much time with."
"Be nice to her. She's special. I'd like to keep this one around for a while."
I laughed and ended the call after explaining that Chris was out of town. No point in me spending my days and nights in this big empty house. I needed something to occupy my mind anyway. And a few beers and fun friends might just do the trick.
After a shower, I slid into a tight pair of jeans and a sweat shirt. The nights were becoming a bit chilly now and I didn't want to get cold later. I jumped in my car, excited to finally be doing something fun again, and popped in a new cd. The bass hit hard and the party was started. A quick pit stop at a drive-thru settled the grumbling in my stomach. Next, I pulled into a convenience store to purchase a case of Bud lite and a bag of ice. I was standing with my face inside the cooler door when a voice from behind startled me.
"That stuff will give you a hell of a headache."
I jumped and turned to find Curt there, looking fine as always. A huge smile crossed my face. I'm not sure why I was so glad to see him. Seemed like perfect timing. I was lonely and looking to enjoy myself. Who better than to spend some time with than an old friend. I know, I know. William would not approve. But I'm a grown woman and I can handle myself. Besides, Curt would never try anything out of line. He was always a gentleman in that area. Of course, that was before I knew he was a werewolf. Now that the cat was out of the bag...
"You sure you don't have to be home? I mean, you do have a wife. Won't she get upset?"
He simply smiled and carried my purchase to the car, placing it in the trunk for safe keeping. I felt a little apprehensive at that point. A good looking man, who used to be my boyfriend and was omitting an unbearable amount of testosterone, was making me tingle and I was certain it was wrong. But my goodness he smelled good! He closed the trunk and stepped closer.
"I have something to take care of first. I'll meet you out there."
I thought for sure he was going to kiss me, and I think I wanted him to. Thankfully, I caught myself and took a slight step back before allowing anything stupid to occur. 
"I was right. You are whipped!"
I laughed while getting behind the wheel. I think I even saw him blush. I hoped I hadn't hurt his feelings but it was fun teasing him. I hit the road again and was on my way. I took Hwy 31 toward a small community on the south side of town. Maybe it was a town on its own, I have no idea. All I know was that somewhere there, down a winding road and at the top of a wooded mountain, sat a cabin surrounded by pine trees and critters. I don't ever remember seeing any sign of civilization while spending time there. 
I hadn't been here in quite some time and seeing the familiar area again brought back many memories. As teenagers, we would drink beer and smoke pot, positive that none of our parents would ever find out. Many young girls have lost their virginity to a young man that was certain she would not get pregnant and adamantly expressed how much 'I love you'. Why do we always fall for that line?
The moon allowed for the only light source from my car to the door. I hauled the cooler into my arms and slowly inched my way forward. I could barely see over the top and abruptly bumped into something.
"You might wanna watch where you're going."
Thomas. He laughed and took the cooler. It was good to see him again. I hadn't realized just how much I missed my friends. They're just a bunch of good old country boys trying to get by and enjoy life. Every now and then, too much alcohol is followed by a competition of macho strength and agility, neither man actually winning the fight. The music blared inside and the room was crowded. Not that it held many people anyway. Maybe thirty at most. After popping the cap off a cold one, I toured the room for familiar faces.
I did some catching up with a few buddies and was well into my third beer when Thomas took my hand and pulled me away.
"C'mon. I want you to meet somebody. And be nice."
"Am I ever anything else?"
I don't consider myself over protective but I do feel a sense of responsibility when it comes to the women in my friend's lives. After all, men have no clue what to look for when seeking out a companion. They simply dive into a relationship with the first willing female and hope that she's 'the one'. And Thomas has the uncanny ability to find the worst possibility in the realm of available women.
"Jenson, this is Hanna."
He pulled her close under his arm, cheesing from ear to ear. Definitely proud of this one.
"I've heard a lot about you. Nice to finally meet."
Okay, not trying to sound cynical or anything but that didn't sound very inviting. Matter of fact, the look on her face did not express future friendship. I wanted to take an immediate dislike to her but his eyes begged for mercy.
"Good things, I hope."
Another little tilt of her head and batting eyelids. 
"So where's this Chris he keeps talking of?"
This Chris! I wanted to rip the hair from her head already.
"He went out of town with my boyfriend, William."
Did I just see her face cringe in the slightest?
"Too bad. I was looking forward to meeting him."
Another big, fake grin. No, I wasn't going to like this girl. Not at all. Thankfully, someone pulled me away by the arm to join them in a game of beer pong. Now, I don't necessarily consider drinking games a good habit to acquire but if it gets me away from the current company, I was happy to oblige.
One thing about girls drinking in a cabin in the woods, there is no facility to relieve one's self. Instead, we are left to plow through the foliage and find a remote tree where we can be discrete about the act. Oh ya, and there's no toilet tissue! Good thing I keep a supply of leftover fast food napkins in the glove box.I had a bad experience once and was not looking forward to emptying a full bladder. You see, after locating the perfect spot and sure that no one could see, I did the famous bend-squat and held my pants out forward so not to wet them. All went well until the next day when I noticed a continual, annoying itch in an area that girls don't scratch. That's right, poison ivy. I am still living that one down. Somehow it's always brought up at these type of gatherings. This time I decided to do it myself.
"Where ya goin, Jen?"
You can always count on Thomas.
"I have an itch to scratch. Be right back."
Little did I know it would require companionship.
"Mind if I go with? I'm not good in these rural surroundings."
Apparently Hanna was not a country girl.
"Sure. Just don't touch any leaves while your out there."
That brought a round of laughter to those within hearing distance. For once, while making my way through nature, I wasn't the one stumbling. William would be proud. Another plus side to hanging with wolves. So, I stood guard while she did her duty, making sure there was no drunk pervert lurking around to catch a cheap eyefull. Then it was my turn. 

You can't mistake the sound of Curt's Trans-Am. All the guys were out front awaiting his arrival so they could get a look at the hot rod. It's one of those cars they all wish they had but never found the motivation to do it, nor the financial means. Curt loved making the entrance. He stood back, arms folded across his chest, while they checked it out.
"You must be Jen's friend. I'm Thomas. She told me about you."
They shook hands and took immediate liking to one another. They discussed cars first, the important stuff, before Curt asked where I was.
"They went to find a tree."
"They?"
"Jenson and my girlfriend, Hanna. Come to think about it, they've been gone a while. Shoulda been back by now."
Curt scanned the immediate area.
"Maybe we should check on them."
It was a statement, not a suggestion. While passing through a series of people, Curt detected a hint of a were-animal scent. Not quite destinct enough to know exactly what kind. He realized it was strongest when standing next to Thomas. His wolf went directly into action.
"Is Hanna from around here?"
"No. She's from up north somewhere. I only met her a few weeks ago."
Curt and Thomas proceeded to sweep the area in close proximity, calling their names in alternate. The assistance of wolf eyes made it easier for Curt to see in the dark, while Thomas struggled to move through the foliage. He was beginning to get a little worried and made a suggestion.
"It's too dark to see anything out here. I've got a flashlight in my car. Let's go back and get some more guys to help. It's easy to lose your way in the woods, especially at night, and I'm not feeling too good about this."
Several others had flashlights in their vehicles as well. I think that must be a mandatory requirement when living in the country. The urgency of the situation quickly sobered them up and the small search party gathered to make a plan. (Men always have to make a plan first.) They separated in two's and went in different directions.
As Curt continued to comb the area, the animal scent appeared here and there, stronger in some places than others. Scenting other were-animals was a natural trait but since he had not been a part of a pack, he had not learned to heighten his abilities. He knew there was only one thing to do.

"What do you mean she's missing!"
Abbey screeched into the phone.
"I think some other kind has taken her. I can detect the scent but I don't know what it is."
She rushed outside and called the pack. They arrived within minutes and were all ready and eager to find Jenson.

Chapter 9

Malcolm took Chris into town to show him around. William took this opportunity to have a quiet conversation with Gramps.
"I've heard of this happening before but I thought it was just stories that were exaggerated over the years."
Gramps rubbed his chin in deep thought.
"Could be. It's possible being around the pack that he's just picking up the ways."
William was not convinced.
"How do you explain his strength?"
"I don't have an explanation, William. I'll see what I can find out. In the meantime, keep an eye on him. Just in case."
William did not want to believe what he was thinking. Chris had adapted to pack life easily and had no problem falling into place. People sometimes do that to fit in. Maybe that's all it was. He was trying to fit in. Yes, that has to be it. But then again, he had never seen a human take down a wolf before. He wouldn't have thought that possible had he not seen it with his own eyes. True enough, they had shown him a few tricks and moves but he should never be able to overpower a were-animal. He even fought Darius. Had the pack not intervened, William wasn't so sure that the cat would have been victorious.

"So what do you guys do here for fun? I don't see any bars or clubs."
Chris looked around, observing the small town as they walked. There was a gas station on the corner. One of those old fashioned kind where an attendant comes out and pumps for you. A cafe across the street seemed to be the center of activity, as well as the drug store next door.
"We have to go to the city for that kind of stuff. But we have festivals, the county fair, picnics. You know, the usual boring junk."
Chris smiled along with him.
"It's really not so bad. Quiet. Peaceful."
"I guess that's cool. But what about girls?"
That got Malcolm's attention.
"Oh, you'll see plenty of pretty faces tonight. Trust me."

The children barreled from the car before Lysa had a chance to contain them.
"Uncle Will!"
They leapt atop him like a jungle gym and giggled. He growled and chased them around the yard. He caught one and swung him around in circles by his ankles, then another came running up yelling "me next, me next!" The kids were still running full speed when William ran out of energy and collapsed on the ground. Not a good idea. Someone yelled "dog pile!" and they all jumped on top of him.
Lysa watched from the porch, admiring his ability to connect with the little ones. She knew he would make an excellent father and she knew that he longed for pups of his own. She pondered the dilemma he must be going through by falling in love with a human. Sure, her own children were not pure bred, but she was not Alpha. He could always resort to the old ways and mate with another female as well. The thought brought an inward chuckle.
"Jenson would never go for that one."
She left him to his own devices. All too soon the place would be crawling with hungry wolves. It would be an ugly mess if there was nothing to feed them. Luckily there would be others showing up to help.
By early evening, the house and yard was full of people. The grill was in high gear and empty beer bottles were piling up. A game of horse shoes occupied one side of the yard, while the younger wolves took up the other end with a game of football. The ladies finally had their opportunity to sit down and catch up with the local gossip.
"I hear she's pretty."
"I heard she killed a were-leopard with her bare hands."
"No, no, no. You both got it wrong. She used a baseball bat."
Lysa could stand it no more.
"All of you have it wrong. Well, except for the pretty part. She is quite lovely. As for the feline, she's never killed anyone. There was an altercation but in the end, Malcolm took care of him."
She sipped her iced tea, proud to be the real know-it-all for a change.
"What about Cassie? I heard she finally got hold of his..."
"Your kidding! I never would have thought William would cave."
"No way! He would not mate with that...that..."
Again, Lysa had the upper hand.
"William did not, and I stress, did not mate with Cassie. Oh, she gave it her best shot but he turned her down. She left naked and in tears!"
The group burst out in laughter at the thought. And who better to arrive at that very moment than Cassie herself.
"Did I miss something ladies?"
She sauntered up in her usual haughty manner with a tight-lipped smile on her face.
"No, I don't think you missed anything at all."
Lysa was the first to recognize her appearance.
"I'd say she missed William's..."
"How have you been, Cassie?"
Lysa stopped the harassment before it turned ugly.
"Nothing you'd be interested in, I'm sure. My life does not include cooking, cleaning nor little hooligans running around the house."
She turned on her heel and swished toward another group. Cassie had never been popular with the other female pack members. It seemed as though she was oblivious to their snide comments and fun making. But then again, maybe she simply did not care what they thought of her.
"That woman will get hers in the end. Mark my words."

In the meantime, Chris was working his magic on a handful of young girls. They giggled and cooed over the new cute human as if they had never encountered one before. Which, in reality, they probably had never met one quite like Chris. He was personable and mingled well with the wolves. But most of all, he was single. When Cassie approached, the smiles disappeared.
"You must be William's new little addition."
Chris stood and outstretched his hand.
"I'm Chris. And I assure you, there's nothing little about me."
Cassie cocked her head faintly to the side and lifted one eyebrow. She was intrigued. Maybe this human could work to her advantage.
"You are...different."
Her nostrils flared in the slightest, taking in his scent.
"I like to think so."
His boyish grin actually made her blush in the slightest. When she realized he was still holding her hand, she pulled back and regained her composure.
"Well, it was nice meeting you. I'm sure we'll be seeing one another again."
"Oh, you can count on it."
William watched the exchange from a distance, curious as to what was being said. Chris seemed to have handled her with confidence, as always. He was pleased so far at how well he was fitting in. He was uncertain at first but soon understood there was no reason for doubt. The young man was family from the beginning. 
"Looks like he's made some new friends."
Malcolm stood, arms folded across his chest, observing.
"Did you ever doubt that he would?"
"Not at all."
Without hesitation, Malcolm answered. 
"No one has questioned his attendance. Why do you suppose that is?"
William did hesitate.
"I'm not sure. I am not sure I understand any of this."
Gramps interjected his two cents.
"Don't have to be sure. He fits. That's all that matters. They've accepted him. Even the young fellas have taken a liking to him. He'll be just fine. Want to find out for sure? Here's your chance now."
A group of wolves, five to be exact, had now come to join in the festivities. One of the girls that was talking with Chris became aware of them and suddenly changed her demeanor. A young newcomer made a bee line for her with a scowl on his face. She immediately stood and attempted to greet him before he reached their small group. No such luck.
"Who's the new guy?"
Chris stood and introduced himself, this time refraining from presenting a hand to shake. He got a peculiar feeling when standing close to him. His skin tingled with irritation. 
"Let's get something straight right away. This is my girl. I don't like it when anyone messes with my girl."
Malcolm had seen the confrontation coming. He was standing now in case he was needed. Chris remembered the advice William gave him. He kept a cool head and thought before he spoke.
"It's called conversation, dude. You might wanna try it. Get yourself a beer and enjoy the party."
Then he gave an ever so coy smile. Or smirk. Depending on how you look at it. Malcolm relaxed a bit and smiled inward. The wolf backed down, for the moment, and turned away, leading his girlfriend by the arm. They were obviously having stern words about the matter.
Chris dismissed the obvious tension and went back to doing what he does best, impressing the girls. It did not take long for the grins and giggles to emerge again. The rest of the new group of guys found their way to the beer and food. Chris watched them from the corner of his eye without taking focus from the girls. He had learned to control his attention and maintain under pressure. Not a bad trait to have, if you're a wolf.
The day went on without incident. Everyone was winding down and the sun had made its way behind the trees. A small bonfire had been erected and lit. Its flames crackled and danced in the moonlight. Gramps took his place in a chair, the others all gathered around him for a story of the ancient ones.

"Our ancestry dates back for hundreds of years. The stories have been relayed to us over time and I'm sure some of the details have been altered. I'm not one to rely on word of mouth so, as a young man, I did some research and took a trip to New York. There I found the facts. A man named Albert Flanigan landed on Ellis Island and signed his name. He struggled financially, as everyone else did, but soon made a life for himself in a pub, servicing the rich Americans. It is there that he met a woman named Anna. It didn't take long to realize they had something very rare in common. They were both werewolf.
The odds that he would encounter another like him was next to impossible but there she was. Soon after they married, Anna found herself with child. Knowing their secret, they felt it best to seek a different place to live. Somewhere remote where they could raise their young and run openly without fear of being discovered. As time moved on, we now know this place to be here. North Dakota.
Albert and Anna built a home and eventually brought five pups into the world. Folks had gotten word that there were others here like them, with the same distinction, and sought out to find one another. This began the first wolf pack here in the United States. It was small but growing as they reproduced. They created a small, rural community. Just like any other little town, humans took up residence as well. It was more of a pioneer environment back then so the pack wasn't perceived as different. They could run free through the woods and over the prairies without being noticed.
One year, the harvest moon came around and everyone gathered for a run. Some of the pups were old enough now to join in. It was just after midnight when the shot rang out. It's a distinctive sound that created panic among the pack. All returned immediately, with the exception of two pups. Albert and a few of the other men went out in search of the lost ones. Even though they wanted to believe everything would be fine, terror stabbed at the back of their minds.
They ran for miles when they came upon the tragic sight. There were three of them. Humans, that is. They were visible in the moonlight, their silhouettes walking across the prairie carrying two dead wolves strung by their feet, a rifle slung over each ones shoulder. Albert skid to a halt in disbelief. Emotion reacted without thinking and he took off in the direction of the hunters. The other wolves caught up to him and prevented the inevitable disaster. Wolves against guns. Not a fair fight.Albert hung his head, grieving for his lost son. He then stretched his neck toward the moon and released a powerful wail, howling for the pain his heart was enduring. The other wolves knelt behind him in respect.
Talk around town was that the hunters had caught two wolves attacking a small herd of goat. It became a sort of vigilante ordeal to find the wild wolves and dispose of them all. Albert and the others knew this was not the truth but they had no choice, they had to go along with the story for fear of putting the entire pack in jeopardy. They avoided shifting unless absolutely necessary. Humans viewed wolves as predators that would kill any living thing in their path. Now this might be true about regular old wolves, but us werewolves, well we know that's just not so. It was this incident that determined a vow of secrecy. Each pack member took the oath never to reveal their true identity. 
Ancient stories of werewolves paint us as beasts, man-killers, human marauders. It is now believed to be fiction and fairy tale. Old wive's tales. Humans are not accepting of any intelligent creatures other than themselves. To them, we are all animals. Killers.
So, the pack continued to live their lives in a tight-knit society. As time has passed, humans moved forward,creating a nation that prospered and evolved into what we see now. Little do they know, werewolves have been a part of their social order all along. As the country grew, the wolves panned out in different directions, creating new packs along the way. More and more shifters have found their way to America. We are now a plentiful kind, yet endangered. Because even though humans continue to become more accepting of things not ordinary, they are still not yet ready to believe that animals and humans are in fact one of a kind. Until they understand our world, we are in constant danger."

A quiet hush surrounded Gramps as he told the story. Only the sound of crackling wood could be heard. Chris looked around at the intensity on each face as they listened. He felt a sense of pride to be allowed the honor of attending. Hearing this story created an emotion that he had not felt before. He pined for the loss of the young one, the anguish that the wolf must have felt in losing his pup to the hands of a human with a gun. He felt ashamed that someone of his race could do such a thing. He felt angry that he could not prevent it from happening again.
William observed him from afar, watching Chris' reaction to the story. He saw sorrow in his eyes. Just then, one of the girls snuggled up to the human and he placed his arm around her in comfort. The others never seemed affected by their intimacy. Except for one. The same young man that confronted him before. His eyes were locked on Chris and the girl, scorn rapidly appearing upon his face. He nudged Malcolm to get his attention but there was no need. Malcolm was already alert to the developing situation.
Gramps wrapped up the tale and folks began to stir. It was nearing midnight and they were anxious to get going. The traditional harvest moon run had meaning now. Not only did they get to stretch their legs and be their natural selves but also they had cause. They ran for freedom. Freedom that those two pups never got the chance to experience. Though they were afforded this opportunity here, they still knew the peril that would occur should they be found out.
As they all began to form up in groups, Chris stepped back into the shadows, saddened by the fact that he could not participate. He would never be able to keep up in human form.
"I wish you could go with us. You will be missed."
William's words were meant to raise his spirit but it actually did the opposite. Even the pat on his shoulder made him feel less than adequate.
"He can go. I'll run with him."
The enthusiastic wolf had a giddy grin across her face. She was persistent.
"Really. It'll be fun!"
The offer created a sense of joy deep inside of Chris. Though he truly wanted to, he also did not want to take away from her the bonding with the rest of the pack.
"Thanks for offering but I don't want to hold you back. Go on with the others."
"I don't want to go with them. I want to go with you. Unless you're afraid..."
She sent him a sidelong look and playfully shoved his arm, catching him off balance.
"Oh, it's on now!"
She squealed and took off running toward the woods, Chris close behind. William could hear the giggles as they disappeared into the trees. 
"Looks like he's found himself a friend."
Gramps seemed pleased. William grinned like a proud father.
"Stick close and keep an eye on him but don't interfere. Let's see how this one goes."

~ ~ ~

I stood to zip and buckle, feeling relieved that I had no uncertain encounter with a dangerous twig, when my head was yanked backward.
"Hey!"
The grip tightened in my hair and pulled again. Someone was pulling my ponytail! I whipped around to find Hanna, menace smeared across her face.When I struggled to free myself, she quickly grasped my forearm and twisted it securely behind my back.
"Owww! That hurts. What are you doing?"
I knew what was happening when I heard the slight rumble in her throat.
"Who are you?"
It came out in a whisper. She simply laughed and pulled me forward.
"Where are we going? What do you want?"
She didn't answer. She just kept pulling me onward. Her pace was quick and I couldn't keep up. I stumbled over a fallen branch and landed abruptly on the ground. I knew I had to escape before we were too far from the others. I began to kick at her, all the while screaming for help. Her eyes grew with intensity as the fist connected with my jaw. Now, in the movies, this is the part where the victim finds some sort of inner strength and fights back. But that hurt bad! I'm smarter than a movie star and I didn't want another one of those. So instead I complied. I found my footing and continued on, seemingly at will.
She moved quickly through the terrain, dragging me along. Branches and shrubbery etched into my skin feeling like tiny bee stings. We must have been moving for over an hour before I finally gave in to fatigue.
"I have to stop. I'm not like you. I need a break or I won't make it any farther."
She turned on me so fast I didn't have time to prepare. My hand was twisted between her fingers in a death grip. Between her teeth she snarled.
"I have no pity for you. You mean nothing to me. Your death now is no more a loss than later. You will move and move now!"
She jerked me forward and my feet followed, though I don't know how. I knew I would not survive. I would either die of exhaustion or Hanna would kill me herself. My mind reached out, hoping that someone, anyone would come for me. I think I would even settle for an enormous critter right now! Maybe there's some other kind of shifter animal that will come out from behind a tree and attack her. Then again, it would probably attack me as well so that's probably not a good idea, being as I'm terrified of little crawly things outside.
We reached a dense, dark area and I was told not to move. I don't know what kind of were-animal she is but one thing I do know, I'm definitely not fast enough to outrun her. So, I stood unmoving. Hanna began to move pieces of brush and limbs from the side of a hill. To my surprise, there was a small opening just big enough to crawl through. She had hidden the space very well. To the untrained eye, no one would have noticed it there. Oh no! Surely she wouldn't make me crawl in there and then leave me to die. I don't do well in small, dark places.
"You get to go first, dog lover."
If I were not in such a panic about entering this hole, I would have taken offense to that remark. It also tells me that she probably isn't wolf. My heart was pounding and my breathing increased rapidly. This was not a good time for an anxiety attack for sure. I must have stood frozen for a bit longer than she could tolerate for another blow landed directly on my abdomen. I hunched and fell to the ground, gasping for breath. Pain shot through my body immediately.
"Move!"

Abbey shot from the vehicle and headed straight for Curt. She had brought five other wolves with her, in human form, and immediately took charge of the situation. When Thomas and the other guys formed around them, she realized they couldn't be a part of the search. She had to come up with something quickly to appease them.
"We will have to go alone from this point. We are skilled trackers and the area must not be any more disturbed than it already is. Besides, Jenson and Hanna will need you here if they find their way back before we get to them. Thomas, can you take control of this end?"
She knew that by putting him in charge of something would boost his ego and lessen the chances of argument.
"Sure. You don't have to worry about us. We can handle things."
He puffed out his rib cage with pride. I would have said chest but he is lacking in that area. Funny. If you make a guy feel important he's content. Go figure. The only person not in compliance was Curt.
"I want to help. I'll do whatever you tell me."
Abbey looked at him with uncertainty.
"I know you are not a member of this pack but you must follow my directives. I don't have time to be arguing with you. You get out of line just one time and it's over."
Curt nodded in agreement. Truth be told, it felt good to be a part of something again. He had been on his own for so long that he forgot what it felt like to be involved in a family of wolves. He listened intently to her plan and they disappeared into the trees. Once out of eyesight and hearing range, they would shift into wolf form. 

~ ~ ~

The harvest moon shown brightly in the sky above. Chris found that he could see just fine with human eyes. He and Wendy had been running playfully for quite some time and he needed to stop to catch his breath. She, of course, still had plenty of energy and ran on ahead. Once he found new energy, he began to walk onward in search of his new friend. She was apparently playing the child's game of hide and seek.
"Okay, I'll play along."
He wandered throughout the trees, using his senses in attempt to track her. His nostrils flared when he recognized her scent. It grew stronger with every few yards. He was surprised at how easy it seemed to follow such a slight odor. Just then, the trees opened up into a small clearing, revealing an awaiting wolf. Her coat was brown with flecks of gray and black throughout. She was stunning.
She stood very still so as not to frighten him. Her eyes glistened as she gazed at his human form. Chris had frozen in place, not because of apprehension, but because he was captivated by her beauty.He gave a huge smile of approval and she knew he was comfortable with her appearance. A feeling of joy rushed through her. She decided it would be all right to remain in this form and continue the enjoyment of running together. She had taken a few paces and looked back to see if he would follow. Seeing that he had not moved, she returned to circle him. Reaching his back side, she gave a slight nudge with her muzzle to urge him forward. And another. He laughed aloud.
"I get it. Let's go."
The two took off through the woods, Wendy being sure not to lose him in haste. He felt at ease with her. She didn't judge him for not being like the rest. She didn't turn him away or leave him behind because he could not shift. He was happy. She nipped at his calf a couple of times and darted out of reach before he could counteract. She knew the area well and led them back around to where the journey began.
They emerged from the trees and Chris flopped to the ground, exhausted and out of breath. Wendy, still in wolf form, lay beside him panting. He slowly reached to stroke her fur. It was as silken to the touch as he had imagined. She scooted on her belly toward him, resting her head across his middle. 

William led the pack with Malcolm at his left. His muscles yearned to stretch and carried him at full speed. His hot breath fogged in the cool night air. He could run for miles and never tire. He took a quick glimpse to find the others falling back just a bit. All except Logan. He matched the opposite flank of Malcolm, stride for stride. This young wolf was strong. William admired his stamina and considered his possibilities. But he could sense the attitude he carried. Not a good characteristic for a werewolf. A hot head would only cause trouble.
Just then, a pang in his stomach took his breath. He skid to a halt, turning to find the culprit. He spun quickly at ninety degree angles but there was nothing. Yet the feeling of danger was so strong. He searched frantically in attempt to find the source of threat. Malcolm eased up to his side, questioning his abrupt behavior. He, too, looked to find what had caused his Alpha's anxiety. There was nothing visible and he sensed nothing. The other wolves had gathered, aware of William's apprehension and creeping around the parameter of their group on alert.
"Something is wrong. I must get to Jenson."
William took the fastest route back to the house. He didn't understand what was going on but he knew it was something bad. His heart pound through his chest, breath burning his lungs as he sped onward. His pelt dripped with perspiration as he skid to a halt in front of the house. Within seconds, he had shifted back to human form. Malcolm burst from the trees directly behind him.
Gramps and the other older wolves had already returned. He ran to his grandson, hands gripping William's shoulders, investigating his body for any sign of conflict. Convinced there was no physical damage, he released his grip.
"William, what's happened? Is someone hurt? Speak son!"
William shook himself from a daze, searching the grounds for any sign of danger.
"I don't know. I felt something, inside. Danger. Pain. But there was nothing."
William's eyes were wide, still unable to distinguish the source of pain. Gramps looked to Malcolm for explanation.
"I don't know what happened. We were running when William stopped abruptly. We all surveyed the area but there was nothing."
William's voice was shaken.
"I don't know how to explain it but I felt it. Pain. Great pain. And...panic. Like it was happening to me but not. I...I think it is Jenson. I have to go to her. I must go to her now!"
He made attempt to depart but Gramps held him.
"You cannot, William. We have unfinished business here. You cannot run off now due to a feeling. We have heard nothing from Abbey. She would call if there was a problem. Calm down, catch your breath."
William appeared to gather his senses and breathe more normally. He closed his eyes, trying to recall the exact experience.
"I have to know for sure. If anything has happened while I am not there to protect her..."
"The pack comes first, son. The pack is always first priority. You know this. We will find out what has happened, if in fact anything at all. Come inside, drink some water, rest your mind."
Chris had joined Malcolm and the rest of the pack was slowly returning. No one could figure out what was going on. Of course Logan was first to voice his opinion aloud.
"I knew it would happen one day. He's lost his mind. Just like his grandfather. It's the 'crazy' gene that flows through the family blood."
The other boys in his group burst into laughter while most everyone else looked on. Chris didn't appreciate the comment at all and let it be known. He moved with a purpose in the direction of Logan.
"Have you never been taught respect for your Alpha?"
Malcolm was quick on his heels, grasping his elbows from behind before he got himself into trouble.
"Let me go!"
Chris struggled but to no avail. Malcom had more strength than five wolves put together. It didn't even take much effort to hold him back.
"Yes, Malcolm, let the little human go. He can't hurt me. He's probably a lunatic as well."
Again, more laughter from the group. Their response seemed to fuel Logan.
William and Gramps had stepped onto the front porch to observe the confrontation. Logan was egging Chris on and the anger was boiling inside him. His fists were balled and his chest heaved with every inhale. William felt it time to step in to calm the situation.
"That's enough guys. No need in fighting amongst ourselves."
He stepped between the two and put up his hands in defense. Logan was not so willing to let it go.
"No. You brought him here and treat him as if he is one of us. You want us to accept him but yet you still protect him. If this were between wolves, we would battle for position. So, let him battle. He wants to be one of us, let him learn."
William considered the option and looked to Gramps for confirmation. A slight nod gave him the go-ahead.
"All right. But there must be rules. You dual in human form. A fair fight. No outside involvement. Any indication of shifting and I will step in myself."
Logan agreed but of course added his own stipulations.
"Fine. That means no interference from any of you either. And when I get the better of him, you cannot stop it. Only he can forfeit and accept defeat. I will prove him inferior once and for all."
William looked to Chris for consent. His fists were balled and his chest heaved with every inhale. He wanted to taste blood. Logan's blood.


Chapter 10

I opened my eyes to complete darkness. The ground beneath me felt damp and cold. I was slouched against a cold, rock wall with my hands secured behind my back. My body ached, mostly my head. It took a minute to recall how I had gotten here. Oh ya, that animal chick abducted me, drug me through the woods for miles and knocked me out before placing me in this cave that no one in the world could ever know is here. Because I couldn't see two inches in front of my face, I wasn't sure she was even there with me until the amber eyes appeared. I was startled and gasped. Couldn't even tell how far she was from me until she chuckled. She wasn't real close. Maybe six feet or so away. Who knows.
"You're such a human. You people are scared of everything."
I had to say something in retaliation. I know, probably not a good idea to antagonize a crazed were-animal but what can I say.
"I'm not scared of you. It's just that I can't see in the dark. You startled me."
I figure at this point I have nothing to lose. Because truth be told, I was terrified. I wasn't ready to die just yet, certainly not without first finding out why she wanted me dead.
"Why have you brought me here? You know that Thomas and I are just friends."
Hanna laughed out loud.
"You foolish girl. That little skeleton means nothing to me. He was a means to get me here."
Okay, so if she didn't think I had something going on with Thomas then why in the world did she hate me so bad?
"I actually came for your friend, Chris. He destroyed my life. He ruined everything!"
Chris! I was in the dark for sure now.
"What? Did he sleep with you once and not call the next day? You know that's just the way he is. He has no clue how women..."
"Shut up, would you! You're so annoying. I would never mate with a human. I have higher standards for myself than that. No, he took away my soul. He killed my true love. You remember him, don't you? Darius. But, since he's not available, you're the next best thing. Let's see how he likes it when I take you away from him."
OMG, Hanna was Darius' girlfriend! How in the world he ever got anyone to fall in love with him is beyond me. And he wasn't even faithful to her!
"You've got it all wrong, Hanna. Chris didn't kill Darius. In the end it was...somebody else that did it. A werewolf."
Hanna had moved near the cave opening, still covered by foliage that she had erected, where the moonlight cut through to shine on her face. I could tell that she was sullen and probably missing the image of her perfect boyfriend. Regardless of my current situation, I kind of felt sorry for her. I had walked in her shoes before and I know what it's like to have a broken heart. Her head turned slowly toward me, glaring.
"Symantics. It doesn't even matter anymore. I will have retribution."
Her eyes turned again to the moonlit sky. I was reluctant to bring it up but I felt the need to set things right. I chose my words cautiously so not to offend her.
"Hanna, he wasn't even faithful to you. Don't you think you deserve a man who will love you in return, the same way that you love him? Someone who respects you and is devoted to you. You're a beautiful girl. I'm sure there are hundreds of guys out there that are more than eager to be with you. You can't spend the rest of your life pining over a man that didn't even love you back."
"He did love me! He was good to me." Her voice faded. "In his own way. You didn't know him."
I had to get through to her.
"So what are you gonna do? Go around killing everybody that Darius was ever involved with? That's a mighty long list. They weren't the bad guys, you know. He was. He was a user and a manipulator. When he didn't get what he wanted, he killed. You wanna be that person, Hanna? You wanna be like him?"
This time she didn't answer. She was actually thinking about what I was saying. So I continued.
"You're worth more than that, Hanna. You deserve to be happy. Don't let his evil ruin your life. You've got to get past this."
The silence was deafening. I wanted her to say something, anything. I guess it's better than screaming at me and being angry. But if I gave her too much time to think, she would probably do what most of us do and let her mind twist things all around, bringing her back to resentment. It's sad that a man can bring us to this point. I might have actually liked her had she not come at me in such a way. Well, maybe.

Abbey had her nose to the ground and all other senses on alert. Jonas flanked her left and Curt her right. She lifted leaves with her snout to catch a taste of the earth beneath, all while moving swiftly and with a purpose. She had latched on to the were-animal's scent right away.
"It's a leopard. Female."
The small pack was able to move faster once out of range from human scent. They moved through the woods with stealth and agility. This was their stomping grounds and she knew the area well. She had already determined that Jenson had been taken against her will when she came upon a spot that reeked of her scent on the ground. Even a few drops of blood had been left behind unintentionally, recognizing injury and keeping her on their trail.
Abbey had scouted the area many times since moving here. She knew this vicinity like the back of her hand, or paw. Not too far ahead there was a small cave nestled at the base of a low peak. It would make the perfect hideout and she was sure that was where the trail would lead them. After determining that there was only one leopard, she made the plan of action and passed it onto the rest of the pack. She would take care of the leopard while Jonas and Curt rescued Jenson and Hanna. The others would stand guard around the perameter just in case the cat got a chance to run.

No matter how hard I tried, the alochol and lack of sleep made it impossible to keep my eyes open. Not to mention the miles we trekked through the woods. I felt myself nod off a couple of times, immediately jerking my head upright for fear that Hanna would decide my fate while I was unaware. Maybe it would be better not to see it coming anyway. What's the use in being terrified just before you're killed? I finally let go, giving in to fatigue.

The wolves spread out far enough so that the leopard could not scent them. The small opening to the cave made it difficult for outside air to travel in, giving them an advantage. Also, being contained in such a small area, it would be difficult to retrieve the humans without harm. 
"Remember, your only focus is to get Jenson and Hanna out of there safely. I'll handle the leopard."
They were all in accordance and ready for action. Curt's chest was pounding with anxiety while waiting for the order to move in. He was thrilled to be a part of this hunt but more than that, afraid that Jenson may not be alive. He would kill the leopard himself if she had harmed Jenson. Regardless of their current situations, he still held feelings for her. Feelings he had no idea he had harbored for so many years. Stronger feelings than he should have.
Abbey gave the signal and the three of them charged in. She as wolf, Jonas and Curt in human form. The rest remained outside the entrance in case the leopard slipped past. The wolves bound through the dark hole on a mission. Curt dove immediately for Jenson, grasping her body tight. She was alert and breathing, holding on for dear life. Jonas entered with haste, heading straight for Hanna while Abbey scrambled the small cave in search of the leopard. Just as Jonas reached for Hanna, she shifted into leopard form and attacked. The cries were ear-splitting. Abbey whipped around snarling. Hanna was the cat!
Jonas had been caught off guard. His unsuspecting demeanor allowed Hanna those few precious seconds to get the upper hand. Her razor sharp teeth sunk into the flesh of his neck, her claws slashing down his left side. The deep gash instantly spewed blood. Abbey rushed to his aid as quickly as she could, once she realized the unexpected state of affairs. She latched onto the leopard's back, dug her teeth into her neck and ripped her away from Jonas.
Abbey's strength was easily overpowering. She used her neck and jowl muscles to hurl the feline body across the cave, landing with a strong thud against the opposite wall. The air could be heard escaping her lungs as she hit, sliding to the floor unmoving. 
Curt had managed to get me through the cave entrance before the altercation began. At first I thought I was dreaming because it was all happening so fast. He kept asking me where Hanna was but all I could hear was the wild animal sounds coming from inside the cave. 
"Who's in there! Make them stop!"
I was frantic. I had no idea what rogue wolves Curt had brought or how out of control they were. I knew Hanna was in danger. She really didn't mean to hurt me. She was...misunderstood.
"You've got to stop them, Curt! They'll kill her!"
I tried desperately to get away but his grip only tightened.
"It's okay, Jen. You're safe. They'll take care of her."
No! I had to help her.
"You don't understand. You've got to get her out of there!"
I was finally able to wiggle my way free of him. I was unable to see well in the dark so I didn't make much progress because I lost footing a couple of times. Curt had caught me and wrapped his arms around me once again. I suppose it was his way of protecting me but he wasn't aware that there was nothing to protect me from. I was in tears at this point, no energy left to struggle. I peered through wet eyes to see a shadow creeping from within the cave. It was on the ground, crawling sort of. One of the female wolves behind me whimpered and darted forward. Upon reaching the figure, she howled miserably toward the moon.
At the same time, Abbey emerged from the dark hole. She shifted to human form, sagging from emotional defeat. I didn't know who the injured person was and I didn't know where Hanna was. The first thought that entered my mind was that Abbey had killed her. I ran toward them now, stopping suddenly when I recognized the young wolf. Jonas. Holly held his head in her arms, cradling him like a child while she wept. I dropped to my knees in disbelief. He was no longer moving. I crawled forward, placing my hand upon his neck to feel for a pulse or any sign of life. He had no audible breath but I could feel the slightest fraction of movement in his chest. He was alive. Barely.
"You've gotta get him to Edna."
Abbey gave a nod and the pack moved. They gingerly lifted him and moved stealthily through the woods. I lost sight of them and turned to Abbey.
"Is she..."
"She's alive. I'm sorry we didn't get here sooner. Are you hurt?"
I shook my head, indicating no. 
"Curt will take you back. We'll dispose of her. You're safe now."
I suddenly grasped the reality of what she was saying.
"Abbey, no. You can't...dispose of her. She didn't know what she was doing. Well, she thought she did but when she told me I told her and she kind of got it but then she wanted to defend his honor and it all kinda back fired..."
"Hold on, hold on. I can't understand what you're saying. Take a deep breath and slow down. Tell me what's going on, Jenson."
I gathered myself and looked her in the eye. I told her the entire story, attempting to appeal to her feminine side.
"So you see? We can't blame her for being in love. Right?"
Abbey shook her head in confusion.
"You know what, I'm just gonna take your word on this one. We'll take her back to the house and put her in holding until I can figure out what to do with this mess. Right now, I've gotta get back and see how Jonas is doing. She surprised him. Both of us. Otherwise, he would have taken her out."
I understood. 
"If he doesn't make it, she will have to pay for his termination."
This whole honor and pride stuff was a bit ridiculous to me in some sense, but right now I didn't want to think about it. I was just as eager to get back for Jonas as well. My heart ached for Holly. William would be furious. Oh no, William!

~ ~ ~

Chris and Logan crouched low and began to circle, their eyes locked on one another. Chris kept all of his training in the back of his mind while he focused on his opponent. He did not engage but instead waited for Logan to make the first move. It seemed as though neither competitor was going to strike when the young wolf suddenly lunged forward, releasing a fierce war cry. Chris dodged left, pivoted and swept the foot out from under the charging werewolf. The stumble took him by surprise but he swung around in seconds and regained his balance, irritated that a human could outsmart him.
"You're little tricks won't help you. Fight like a man."
He lunged once more. Again, Chris averted a confrontation, landing a fist blow to Logan's chin and knocking him to the ground. This time the wolf did not hesitate. He scrambled to his feet immediately, crouched and bared his teeth.The rumble in his chest proved anger. Even more so when the girls cheered for their new-found human friend.
Chris being the sucker for attention that he was, turned to grin and wave. Logan found his break. He leapt forward, catching Chris with a foot to the small of his back. He went down hard and Logan took advantage of his position. Chris rolled just in time to avoid his pounce. They were locked together, rolling on the ground, leaving a dust cloud in the process. The growls intensified as the two bodies threw punches. Neither seemed affected by the fists they received.
Chris managed to break free of Logan's grasp and hopped to his feet, backing away as he made a grasp for his ankle. When Logan began to stand, Chris caught the side of his head with his foot, knocking him backward. He was stunned, on hands and knees, trying to regain his composure. Again, Chris fell for the cheers that exploded from the group. He had let his vanity get the best of him. Logan's buddies were encouraging him as well. When he saw Chris enjoying his celebrity status, he sprang, grabbing his neck and elbow and taking him to the ground.
Logan twisted the arm around and planted a knee to the back of Chris' head, pinning him down. He was strong. Stronger than Chris had imagined he would be. He tried a few maneuvers that Malcolm had taught him but to no avail. The wolf had him immovable. He could feel the anger arising inside. He did not like the feeling of being trapped. He began to wiggle and twist furiously. Logan could feel his hold relenting and knew he had to do something fast. He pulled with all his might on Chris' arm. Chris yelled out when the arm gave way and bent in an unnatural position. The bone freed itself from the shoulder socket.
Malcolm jumped to his feet, intending to rush to his aid. William grabbed him quickly.
"We cannot interfere. You must let it play out."
Malcolm's chest heaved in anger, fists balled at his sides. William's stomach clenched in worry for the young man. Had he put him in a position of uncertain defeat?
This time, Logan played up to the cheers. One of the girls yelled out.
"You think you're a big, bad wolf cuz you can beat a human!"
Chris had made it to his feet by now, arm dangling limply at his side. The pain was enough to encourage the rage he felt inside. He lowered his head and shot invisible daggers from his eyes toward Logan. Logan sensed the heat to his rear and pivoted slowly, sneering all the while. What he saw when he turned around was a surprise.
Chris' eyes glowed amber, teeth bared. The skin on his face began to ripple, as did his hands. His chest heaved in an uncontrollable manner. An inner growl emerged from deep within. A transformation beginning.
"Hey, what's going on here? You said this guy was human. No shifting!"
William leapt to his feet and ran toward Chris, Malcolm at his heels. Gramps was standing now, staring in disbelief. When they reached him, his entire body trembled. He did not respond to William's voice.
"Chris! Chris look at me! Look at me dammit!"
He took hold of him firmly, sensing the enormity of this situation. Something unheard of was happening. Malcolm placed his hands on either side of Chris' face and spoke sternly.
"Look at me, young one. You've got to calm yourself."
It took longer than desired for Chris to respond but eventually he began to cool. His breathing slowed, his eyes reverted, and the trembling eased. 
"That's right. Keep control."
Chris looked to Malcolm and collapsed onto William, yelling out in pain as he wrapped around the injured arm accidentally to catch him. A few of the other guys came to assist in getting him into the house. Everyone parted, making way for them to pass. They disappeared inside, leaving the rest in wonder.
"This was a set up. You guys set me up!"
Logan was angry and not afraid to voice it. But neither was Gramps.
"Watch yourself, young man. No one set no one up. I don't know what's going on here any more than you do. Now keep your mouth shut til we can figure this out. Go get yourself cleaned up. Go on. Git!"
The small group jumped at the last outburst. They knew not to disrespect their Alpha. No matter what his age.
"C'mon, Logan. Let's get a beer."
Good thing one of the pack members was a doctor in the human world. He had rushed inside directly behind the injured Chris. Once placed on a bed, the doc shooed the rest away, except for an assisting Lysa. William and Malcolm returned to join Gramps on the front porch, stunned by what they had just witnessed. Malcolm paced from end to end in worry.
"Stop that now or you'll wear a dent in my porch."
William sat down, leaning forward with his head between his hands.
"This just can't be. This should not happen."
They were all baffled.
"There must be some explanation. He is human!"
Gramps placed a caring hand on William's shoulder.
"I'm sure there's something we don't know, son. We'll figure this out. Just keep your head straight. Get him patched up and see if he can tell us anything."
William was about to stand again when his eyes flew open and he looked all around. He felt danger. Just as before. He stood and looked out into the darkness.
"Something is wrong. I feel it again."
Malcolm tried to interject.
"We haven't heard anything from home, Will. Jenson is fine. You're just paranoid."
"Not her. It's the pack. Something has gone wrong."
He darted into the house and grabbed the phone, quickly dialing.

~ ~ ~

Extra enforcement wasn't necessary in getting Hanna back to the pack house. She came along of her own accord with the understanding that she would be placed in holding until her fate was decided. Jonas was injured and I didn't know how badly. He was messed up for sure. He was my friend and Holly's...whatever they were calling each other. I know she loves him. The misery was obvious in her actions.
Curt was driving me back in my own car. He held a tight grip on the wheel and stared straight ahead at the dark road. I didn't know what to say. I had no idea how he and Abbey hooked up to rescue me. I couldn't blame either one for attacking Hanna. They didn't know she was a leopard any more than I did.
"I appreciate what you did tonight. I thought I was going to die."
He didn't speak right away. It kind of scared me. I didn't know what he was feeling.
"I called Abbey when I scented a were-animal. I didn't know what else to do. I was unable to track her myself. My senses have not been trained as would be in a pack."
He was silent again. A few minutes passed before he broke the quiet.
"I couldn't help you. You could have died because I couldn't help you."
His voice was saddened. He was hurt because he wanted to save me and didn't have the ability.
"You don't know that. And you did save me, Curt. Had you not reacted and called Abbey, I would still be in that cave with her. I don't know what she would have done with me. I was terrified. Then you came and took me out of there. I was never so happy to see you in my life."
He simply stared ahead, silent again. I knew he was battling some inner-wolf dilemma and I had no idea what that felt like or how to make it better. So I didn't try. He would have to work it out on his own. Right now, Jonas was my main concern.
As soon as we pulled into the drive, I rushed to the basement. A familiar feeling rushed over me, overwhelmingly. A vision of Malcolm laying lifeless on the cold, metal table flooded my insides. I had to breathe deeply and close my eyes to regain focus. Instead when I opened them, young Jonas now lay there, unmoving. And this time, Holly sat beside him, holding his hand. Tears immediately filled my eyes. He was so young, pure and innocent. He didn't deserve to be the one to die. None of the wolves deserved to die.
Edna had done all she could. The problem this time was that Jonas was in human form when he received his injuries, therefore, he could not shift to aid in the healing process. Being a werewolf definitely made the odds better but nothing was certain. It would depend on his strength, the severity of the injury, and his will to live.
Abbey was waiting outside the door for Edna's report. Her voice was stern and matter-of-fact.
"The bite to the neck did not sever a major artery. She tore the muscle and tissue up pretty good but it will heal. The slash to his side is a different story. Her claws went deep. Punctured his liver and parts of the small intestine. I patched him up the best I could with what we have to work with here. He needs surgery. We need a hospital facility for instances just as this. We are too far from home to manage safely on our own. Something needs to be done."
Abbey took it all in without recoil. Even though her heart was breaking inside, she held her Alpha chin up in confidence.
"What are his chances?"
"There's no way for me to predict. My concern is what will happen if there is hemorrhage. I cannot detect internal bleeding. I do not have the proper equipment to sufficiently do this job.When he is stable enough, I strongly suggest we move him to our facility in North Dakota."
Edna walked away, leaving Abbey to ponder the situation. She was right. How could the pack survive without proper medical attention available? They were unable to utilize human hospitals due to the difference in the healing process. The DNA alone would bring light to their existence. Though dread filled her insides, as Alpha, she must now lend her support to Jonas himself. 
She almost gasped aloud when entering the room. She had spent countless hours mentoring and training the young wolf and now he lay there, helpless and fragile. She inched toward the table, reaching out to touch him. She needed the connection that an Alpha has with his pack. She needed Jonas to feel what she feels when William touches her. He showed no sign of acknowledging her presence. Nothing at all.
Holly reached to lay a hand atop Abbey's. Together, they closed their eyes, sending every ounce of energy they could muster into Jonas. Although there was no visible reaction, they each felt it. A stirring beneath their hands. As if the energy were being absorbed. Abbey looked to Holly.
"I'll have some food brought down for you. Don't worry about anything else. You stay here as long as you need."
I had gone to my room to shower away the dirt from the night's event. Seems as though terrible things keep happening in my life. What's worse, I'm beginning to get used to it. I wished William were here to comfort me with his big, strong arms and sensual kisses. As the hot water poured overhead, I suddenly felt the impact from what I had been through. The tears came in full force, eventually sobbing. My chest heaved and I braced on the tile wall for support. Why can't I have a simple, quiet, normal life like everyone else? 
I soft rap on the door brought me back to reality.
"Jen, it's me. William is on the phone for you and won't hang up until he hears your voice."
Abbey had already explained the situation to him but he would not be convinced until I talked to him. Gotta love that man! I wrenched open the shower door and snatched the receiver from her, dripping water all over the bathroom floor.
"William! I'm so happy to hear your voice."
I wanted to jump through the phone line and wrench my fingers in his long, soft hair. Instead, I nestled the receiver to my ear and squeezed tight.
"Are you sure you are not hurt? I felt pain. Your pain."
"I'm fine, William. What do you mean, you felt my pain?"
"I think it might be the bonding. One minute I was running, the next I felt danger and then pain. Your pain. I don't know how this thing works but it terrified me. I couldn't bare it if anything happened to you."
Sharing the blood bond was just a mental game I was playing to keep him away from Cassie. Surely he was not implying that it worked. I'm human! Humans do not blood bond with werewolves!
"I'm okay. I miss you. When are you coming home?"
There was a pause in response that worried me.
"I'm not sure. Something happened here, Jen. Something impossible."
I could tell by the tone of his voice that he was troubled. 
"Chris began transformation tonight. He...well...he began to shift."
What! That's not possible. Not at all.
"You must be mistaken, William. That can't happen. He has to leave there. You bring him home. Bring him home now!"
"Calm down, Jen. He's fine now. Back to normal. Trust me."
Normal. The man almost shifted! That just cannot happen.
"It had to be something else. Maybe he's sick. Maybe he needs a doctor. Maybe he had a seizure or something. Anything!"
I had worked myself into a panic at this point, trying to put on clothes and hold the phone at the same time. Not a good combination for me. When I tripped on the shorts and fell to the floor, the phone flew across the room. I could hear him yelling at the other end.
"Jen! Jen, are you all right?"
I picked it up again, embarassed beyond my limit. I spoke softly this time.
"William, I want you to send Chris home. You stay there and take care of whatever pack business you have but you send...him...home! Do you hear me?"
Okay, so you don't scold a werewolf like he's a child. Anyone should know that but at the moment, I could care less. What's he gonna do? He's hundreds of miles away. There was no response. I assumed he was getting hold of his anger so I waited. Don't want to push him too far.
"Chris will be home when Malcolm and I return. He's not a child, Jen. And certainly not your child. You worry about things there and let me handle things here. I have to go."
He hung up. Hung up! Without even giving me the chance to hang up first. I felt cheated. And spanked. And mad! Who does he think he is, taking my friend all the way to North Dakota and letting him get into some animalistic event that caused him to have a seizure. I bounded out of the bedroom, headed for...well I don't know but I was heading somewhere and going to yell at somebody. Maybe.
Curt was standing in the living room, hands in his pockets, looking out of the full length windows. He turned to face me when I approached the room. A smile of relief crossed his face.
"You look much better. How do you feel?"
"I'm not sure. Physically, I'm fine. (I really need a new line) Emotionally, I'm spent. Sorry I ruined your night. I thought we were going to have some fun. Guess that's just not possible in my life anymore."
I plopped down on the couch, crossed my legs and pulled a throw-pillow into my lap. This was the official pouting position.
"I had fun. At your expense I'm afraid. It felt good to be part of a pack again. I know I'm not really a member, but at least Abbey let me help tonight. It was amazing. She was amazing. You should have seen her, Jen. She has the most acute tracking ability I have ever known. It seemed so easy for her."
I watched his face and listened to his words. He was sincere. Happy.
"You are a werewolf, you know. This is what you do. Or, what you're supposed to do. If you enjoy it so much, why did you ever leave the pack anyway?"
He shrugged and looked down at his feet.
"I guess I didn't know how to appreciate what it all means. I still don't. But I think I might want to. This is who I am. Who I'm supposed to be."
"Maybe you should talk to your wife about this stuff. I'm human, Curt. I have no idea what it feels like. If there's one thing I've learned from the wolves it's that they are proud of who they are, love who they are and I could never see any of them trying to be anything else other than wolves."
He had called someone earlier to pick him up. When the car arrived, I walked him to the door. We embraced, a friendly hug is all. Then he pushed back and asked the question.
"Are you sure you're completely in love with Will?"
I didn't even hesitate. I knew and answered firmly.
"Yes. I am."
He left and I closed the door. I couldn't help but to wonder if that was hurt in his eyes or release. Either way, I was no longer angry with William. He is werewolf and he knows what he's doing. He would never let anything happen to Chris. He was probably more attached to him than I was. Go figure. A good night's rest would make everything all right in the morning.

~ ~ ~

Chris' eyes fluttered open and a big, goofy grin appeared.
"Did I win?"
Malcolm was grinning like a proud papa, William scorned in concern.
"How do you feel? Are you hurt?"
Chris patted up and down his body.
"Nope. A little sore. But, nope."
"Do you feel different? What can you remember?"
Chris sat up and looked around the room. Everyone was eyeing him as if he were an alien.
"What's going on? Why are you all looking at me like that?"
Gramps butted in to calm the questioning.
"Ha! You held your own against that wolf, son. I'm proud of ya."
He shook his hand and clapped him on the shoulder.
"If I didn't know better, I'd think you were one of my wolves."
Everyone waited wide-eyed to see the response. Chris didn't have a clue.
"What's the other guy look like? Did I mess him up? I know I got a few good licks in. I'm sure he knows not to mess with me now."
Everyone burst into laughter. Good old Chris. William was relieved he was all right.
"I think he learned his lesson."
It was obvious that Chris did not remember anything that happened. The near-transformation was a puzzle. Maybe that's not what really happened. Maybe he really was having some sort of seizure. William knew that was a load of crap. He was fully aware of what it looks like when someone is shifting. And Chris was shifting.
Morning was only a few hours away and no one had slept yet. Most everyone had departed once the excitement was over. William left Chris to Malcolm and returned to his little house down the road. Jenson immediately came to mind when he entered. He had been rude to her and hung up on her. Unnecessarily. He felt terrible and had to rectify immediately.
"I'm sorry. I know Chris is your friend and you were simply trying to protect him, as I do you. It won't happen again."
"It will. But I accept your apology this time."
With the anger disolved between them, he could sleep. He nestled beneath the blanket and snuggled with the pillow, pretending it was Jenson. Yes, a grown man does things like that. 
Malcolm and Chris retired to their own temporary home. Chris was exhausted and fell quickly to sleep on the couch. Malcolm, on the other hand, was concerned. If a change began to occur, someone would have to be there when it actually happened. He needed to prepare Chris for what was coming. The whole episode was a mystery. No human had ever been known to cross over. There had to be an explanation. There had been many signs in the past leading up to this. They had all connected it to his training and just being around the wolves. He sat in a chair across the room, hands steepled beneath his chin, and watched Chris breathe in and out. If this was actually going to happen, he wanted to be there to help him along. Guide him. He had first hand experience on what it was like to be on your own in their secret world.At least Malcolm had known what was happening. Chris had no clue.

The next morning everyone gathered at Gramps' house for breakfast. The women had really thrown down this time. Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits with strawberry topping, pancakes, fried bananas and freshly squeezed orange juice.
"Now this is a breakfast of champions!"
Chris grabbed a plate and found a spot at the table. He helped himself to a little bit of everything and started shoveling.
"Mmmm. Good eats, ladies. I'm famished. Guess last night's run took more out of me than I thought."
He looked up and halted the progress, biscuit hanging from his mouth. All eyes were on Chris.
"Why is everybody looking at me? Something on my chin?"
He swiped at it with a free hand and continued. Lysa handed out plates to get them all moving and take the focus off of Chris. They were each anxious to figure out what had happened. They couldn't stop looking at him, as if the shifting would suddenly begin again and they would miss it. Gramps cleared his throat and began conversation.
"What do you guys have planned for today?"
In between mouth fulls, Chris answered.
"I'm gonna hang with Wendy. She wants to show me around."
William wasn't so sure that was a good idea, given the circumstances.
"I thought Malcolm did that already."
"Well ya, but she's a chick. Couldn't turn down the offer. Besides, I kinda like her."
Lysa accidentally dropped her fork, a loud clinking sound emitting as it landed on her plate.
"Will, didn't you say you had something planned for you guys today? Hmm?"
"Um, ya. I guess. But if he wants to..."
"I think it might be best if he goes with you, don't you think? Hmm?"
Chris was looking back and forth between the two, confused.
"Hey, if you want me to go some place with you, Will, I can cancel. Anything for the Alpha, right?"
He finished off his food and placed the dirty dishes in the sink. When he turned around, everyone was looking at him again.
"What?"
Before anyone spoke up, Cassie burst through the door.
"Morning all! So is it true? Did I really miss the human's transformation?"
You could have cut the tension with a knife. No one knew what to say. Chris searched their faces for explanation.
"What's she talking about?"
"They didn't tell you? Shame. It's really very special, you know."
Lysa stood quickly.
"That's enough!"
Chris got a huge, boyish grin.
"Hey, if there's gonna be a chick fight, I'm stickin around."
Malcolm took Chris by the elbow and led him from the room.
"No chick fight. Go enjoy yourself. Let me know if you get lucky."
He nudged him and gave a wink, completely taking Chris' attention off the previous conversation.
"You know, I'm not as dumb as you guys think I am. Somthing is going on here. We gotta talk when I get back."
Once the room was cleared of the human ears, Lysa growled.
"You are such a bitch! Why would you do that? You know how devastating this could be for him."
"I don't know what you are talking about. I merely asked a question. How was I to know you all would be hiding it from him as if he were a child. And trust me, that young man is far from childhood."
Cassie pranced her way to retrieve a glass of juice.
"You keep your sticky paws away from him. If I find out that you..."
"That's enough, Lysa. Cassie isn't going to do anything inappropriate."
William gave Cassie a look that would frighten any wolf. Any wolf other than Cassie, that is. She simply smirked and rolled her eyes, giving him a little hip gesture as she turned around.
"You might want to figure this one out quickly. The rest of the pack will not be as understanding as I am. I do hope everyone has a wonderful day."
She disappeared as quickly as she entered. She had accomplished her goal. Pissed everyone off and put a bug in Chris' ear. Now she would only have to wait until he came to her for more information.
Meanwhile, their plan had been interrupted by Chris' modification, so to speak. The challenge from William was never made and the pack was still in jeopardy of being over-ran. And with last night's events, Gramps was sure they would be even more eager now than ever.
"Spread the word around today. Let them know you're not happy with how things went last night. Make 'em think you're up to something. Bad-mouth me a little bit, just don't get to comfortable with it. I can still whoop you with a belt."
William chuckled at his gallantry.
"Even for an old man, you've still got it."
He playfully head-locked Gramps and scruffed his graying hair.
"Now cut that out!"
William's intention was to play up the faćade and falsely challenge Gramps that very evening. If everything worked out as planned, Gramps would step down and William would become Alpha of the entire region. He stood on the front porch, considering the situation. It was a huge position to fill. Would he be able to lead effectively? Would the wolfpack respect him? Would Jenson agree to move to North Dakota just to be with him? While pondering each of these questions and more, he detected movement in the trees across the yard.
Emerging slowly, one by one, several wolves appeared. They crept forward, posture alert and in wolf form. The leader of this group led them into the yard, coming to a halt once spread thinly across the grassy expanse. The hair on William's neck stood on end. He could sense irritation and knew a confrontation was about to occur. By the time each wolf had reverted to human form, the others had gathered on the porch, Gramps and Malcolm flanking his sides. It was not a surprise to see Logan leading the assemblage.
"This has gone on long enough. Last night's scam was the last straw. I don't know what kind of game you people are playing but this leadership is a joke."
William listened to his words and contemplated killing him at that very moment. It would be wrong to express his anger in a lethal manner. Instead, he decided to give him a chance to redeem himself. Gramps, on the other hand, did not hesitate.
"Listen here, young man. You don't come onto this property with that attitude. I am Alpha of this pack. You are to respect..."
"Respect! You're an old man with old man beliefs. What you allowed to happen last night is not leadership. You being Alpha is a joke!"
A deep growl emerged in Malcolm's throat. Gramps had been a father figure to him since he was a pup. He wanted to lunge at Logan and sink his teeth deep. Taste the flesh and meat. William clasped him around the wrist, holding him in place.
"You see! He's so old he has to keep bodyguards!"
Logan announced to his followers. He had managed to convince them that he would be a better leader. That he could take care of the pack's needs and protect them from outsiders.
"This is a new generation. We don't wanna live by your old ways anymore. It's time to move forward. Adapt to modern times. You're too old to even fight anymore. How can you prove yourself as Alpha if you can't even win a battle?"
William had just about reached his limit. Gramps continued to maintain.
"Hold on there, young buck. I can still kick your behind into them trees if need be. You challenging the Alpha for position?"
"No, he is not."
William stepped forward.
"I took an oath to protect and defend my Alpha. You make a move toward him and I'll rip the esophagus from your throat!"
Then Malcolm stepped forward.
"If any of you others think you want to buck, I got his back."
"As do I."
Now Lysa had moved up to join them.
The young wolves appeared unsettled by the route this confrontation was taking. They believed that Gramps would be intimidated by Logan and would agree to step down. Now they were looking several fierce wolves in the eye and it was not a fight they could win. They looked at one another in doubt.
"You can't do that! I challeged him! He's suppose to fight to the death."
"I don't think you want this to be the last day you breath air, young man."
Gramps continued to hold his ground.
"You are outnumbered. We'll take all of you out!"
William spoke more calmly now.
"You might want to take a look around, Logan. You're friends seem to be having second thoughts."
When Logan turned, the other wolves cowered in the slightest. The rage was apparent in his expression.
"What's wrong with you? Are you wolves or cowards!"
They began to answer one at a time.
"This isn't how it was supposed to go, Logan."
"We don't have any problem with them, you do."
"I'm outta here."
"Ya, me too."
They each turned, first one then another, and departed the would-be battlefield. Logan was bewildered. By now, more pack members had heard of the face-off and had come to see what was going on. Logan was puzzled. He couldn't back down now. If he gave in, he would appear weak. He would never hold alpha status, or even beta for that matter, if he gave in. In his mind, he had to stand his ground.
"This is bullshit! You can't protect him. He is Alpha and he must fight!"
"What I'm about to do is sick these wolves on your wormy little ass to shut you up!"
Logan flinched at the outburst from Gramps. Maybe he had underestimated the old guy. Maybe this was not such a good idea afterall. He slowly lessened his stance.
"Fine. I get how it works now. I'm better off on my own."
As he turned to leave, William gave a few last words of advice.
"It's not easy out there for a rogue wolf, Logan. Could get lonely. Think before you act."
Logan departed the area and never looked back. Once within the confines of the trees, he shifted into wolf form and sped away. He ran full speed until reaching the edge of the property line. He stepped across as human, filling his chest with a new breath of air. He would begin his new life today, on his own.


Chapter 11

She was chained to a block wall with shackles encircling her ankles and wrists. She sat naked on a cement floor, dirty and hungry. There was no food. There was no water. Her body scratched and dirty, discarded as garbage. There were no more tears left to cry. No more voice left to call out. She peered through narrow eyes at the figure across the room, leering at her with a sneer across her face. The figure became more focused and the identity was revealed. It was me!
I woke with a start, sweat dripping from my body. I sat upright in bed, recalling the dream. It was Hanna. And I was the one who put her there! I had completely forgotten that she had been placed in holding. These wolves have no sympathy when it comes to prisoners. I learned that when I saw the horrific conditions in which they held Brendon. Surely they would not be treating her in the same manor.
I jumped from bed and darted with a purpose down the hallway. I didn't even stop to say good morning when passing by Abbey. I left through the front door and headed straight for the shed outside. The door was chained and padlocked. Just like in the movies, I grabbed the handle and vigorously shook it, thinking just maybe it would open. Of course not. As I turned to retrieve the key, Abbey met me face to face.
"We cannot let her out, Jen. I know you feel sorry for her but this is not the human world. You have to learn that we handle things differently. She is a wereleopard. She will kill you along with anyone else if so desired. Never forget that."
I wanted to argue. Oh, I wanted to argue. All my life I've been taught to treat people with dignity and respect, the way I would want to be treated. Since becoming involved with the werewolf pack I have had to adjust my way of thinking. Deep down I knew Abbey was right. I looked into her determined eyes and melted.
"Okay. You're in charge here. I'm sorry. I won't get in your way again."
I sagged my shoulders a little, returning to the house.
"Jen, wait. Just so you know, I remembered what you said last time when it was Brendon in there. She has food, water and clothes. And I gave her a mattress to lay on. She'll be fine. Trust me, she has spent many nights and days in conditions much worse."
I threw my arms around her and hugged tight.
"You make a wonderful Alpha!"
She brightened up a bit then, giving me that giddy little smile that I love.
"Come on. Let's go check on Jonas."
Holly remained at his side, dark circles beneath her eyes. I could tell she needed rest.
"You need to get some sleep, Holly. I'll take over for a while. You get something to eat and catch a nap. You're welcome to use my room."
I gave her the best smile I could muster. Seeing Jonas laying there was heart wrenching. I couldn't imagine what she must feel like inside. If it were William, well I just don't know. I don't think I could bear the pain. Her expression revealed how desperately she wanted to stay.
"At least get a shower and some food. Bring a blanket back down so you can nap here on the floor. I promise I'll wake you if anything....anything changes."
I took her hand and eased her toward the door. She looked back just once more before departing and the tears emerged. I quickly placed my arms around her and held her close. Her body went limp, sagging against me while she cried. There are no words of comfort in a situation like this. We stayed that way for minutes. Once she felt relief, she backed away from my hold, still gripping my hands in hers.
"Thank you, Jenson. For everythng you do."
After she had gone, I sat beside Jonas and took his hand in mine. He seemed so frail. I longed to see him playfully sparring with Chris in the yard again. He is so giving and loyal to the pack. Even though his eyes were shut, I figure he could still hear me.
"The house isn't the same without you, Jonas. I don't have anyone to take my side. My car is filthy. I was hoping you could wash it for me this weekend. Abbey needs the shed door repaired. We tried but, you know, girls and tools don't mix well. I thought I would make some popcorn tonight and watch a movie. Maybe we could all lay around on the floor and snuggle. I kinda miss that. Holly misses you something awful. I made her go get something to eat. She'll be back shortly."
I lay my head lightly on his chest. I could feel the heart faintly beating beneath.
"You have to come back to us, Jonas. Our family isn't whole without you. Besides, it will break William's heart to see you like this. You must find the strength to live, little one."
I lifted my head. Edna was standing across the room watching. It's kind of eerie how she can creep up on a person like that and go unheard. Her expression was blank. I still hadn't figured out whether she likes me or not. She has not been as accepting of me as the rest. Can't say I blame her. So many bad things have happened to the pack since I came around.
"He needs a doctor. He should be in a hospital."
I respected her expertise and knew she was right.
"Is he capable of making the move?"
She shook her head in the slightest.
"I just don't know. What I do know is that he may not live if we do not get him the proper care."
Just then an idea popped into myhead.
"I think I can help. I have a friend that can transport him, discretely."
Her eyebrow lifted.
"He won't ask any questions. But you'll need to ride with him. Just in case."
Edna agreed but only with William's permission. She said she would contact him and let me know the outcome. Just the thought of his voice made me smile. I wish he were here. He has the uncanny ability of making every situation feel better. Guess that's why he's an alpha. I missed him so much. It seems like ages since he left.
A few minutes later, Holly returned, freshly showered with food in hand. She quietly took her place beside Jonas. I left, giving her the privacy she needed. I high-tailed it to my private room to make the call.
"I have a favor to ask."

~ ~ ~

"There must be something in his lineage that we don't know about. You'll have to do some digging. I know there's an explanation for all of this. Right now, I suggest we don't do anything. Just keep a close eye on him. Be there in case something else happens. Keep doing whatever you were doing before. Keep his life as normal as possible. Seems as though anger is the root of his alteration."
Gramps was discussing the current state of affairs with William and Malcolm.
"There has been a heated occurrence each time it happened. I am perplexed. Never would I have thought this could happen. You're right. There must be something in his past that we do not know about. We should start researching right away. There's no telling how much time we have."
William's face was set stern with concern. Then Malcolm added a complication.
"You know, those cats got hold of him a few times. Maybe one of the bites or scratches passed wereleopard blood into his system. We might just have a feline on our hands for all we know."
William had thought of that before but dismissed the idea. There were stories like that but everyone insisted it was just folk tale. Myth. He rubbed his forehead in frustration. This was the last thing he needed on top of the problems here in North Dakota.

The sun had set long ago. Chris entered the house quietly in hopes of finding Malcolm fast asleep. Time had gotten away from him while out with Wendy. Now it was nearing daybreak and he was in no mood for explanation. He slinked barefooted along the wood floors, wishing he had relieved his bladder before returning. He growled angrily to himself while inching toward the bathroom. Don't know what's the big deal anyway. I don't have to answer to anybody.
Malcolm cleared his throat aloud in the dark. Ahem! Chris' forehead connected with a thunk on the door facing.
"Damn! You scared the crap out of me. Why are you hiding in the dark?"
"Why are you sneaking in at all hours of the night?"
Chris fumbled for words.
"Huh? I wasn't sneaking. I was, I mean we, no I...I was trying to respect your sleep. Ya, that's it. I didn't want to wake you cuz, well, I thought um..."
Malcolm chuckled as he brushed by him, heading for the kitchen.
"Better hope Wendy's father doesn't come looking for you."
He stifled a grin when Chris' eyes flew open wide. He hadn't thought about that.
"Come in here and have some coffee. I want to talk to you about something."
Uh oh. Chris returned, taking a chair across the table from Malcolm.
"This have something to do with everybody acting weird this morning?"
"Ya. It does."
Malcolm had gone over this conversation in his head several times but now that the moment was here, he didn't know how to begin. He ran his hand through his hair and took a deep breath.
"Something is happening to you, Chris, and you need to be aware of it beforehand. There are...changes...occurring within your body."
"Hold on there, poncho! This is not about the birds and bees is it? Cuz I'm pretty sure I got a handle on that area."
A sex talk with Malcolm was the last thing he wanted to do. It was obvious that he started off on the wrong foot. Malcolm collected himself and put things in order.
"There is a reason why everyone is acting 'weird', as you call it. We have observed physical differences in your appearance lately. Things that you are not aware are happening."
Chris looked worried.
"Is something wrong with me? What have you seen?"
"Nothing is wrong with you. It is very unexpected. Your eyes change color. You release an inner growl of sorts when angry. Your strength has surpassed that of any regular human male. We contributed these things to living among the pack before, but the other night, during your battle with Logan...something very important happened."
Chris looked on with inquiring eyes.
"Your body began to shift."
Malcolm remained silent, observing Chris' reaction.
"What do you mean...shift? I'm human. We don't shift. That would be impossible."
There was another pause.
"What exactly did you see?"
Malcolm answered with honesty.
"You were injured and very angry. Your breathing accellerated and your eyes were amber. As your chest heaved, the skin on your face and hands began to contort. It was classic mannerism. Even Logan saw it. He thought we had lied to him about you being human. William and I calmed you before the change actually occurred."
Chris was dumbfounded. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. How could this happen?
"Are you saying I am werewolf?"
This was the hesitation part.
"We are not sure. Shifting doesn't necessarily mean wolf. You know yourself there are other were-animals out there."
"I don't wanna be a leopard! If I'm gonna shift into something it's gonna be a wolf! Who would want to be a feline? That's just not fair. I pick wolf. Nothing else."
Malcolm was at a loss for words.
"So, you are not bothered that you may be a were-animal but that you may not be wolf?"
Chris was on his feet now with excitement.
"Would you want to be a cat? Hell no! Wolves are bad ass. Wolves are the toughest, strongest and smartest of all! Nope. I wanna be werewolf. End of story."
Malcolm grinned at his antics.
"You cannot simply choose, you know."
"So how do we find out? I know, piss me off. Hit me. Talk about my mama. Let me shift now. Let's see what I am. C'mon! Shove me or something."
Malcolm got up and poored himself another cup of coffee. He leaned against the counter, calculating the suggestion.
"William would not approve. He will want to be there."
"Let's go then. We'll do it right now. I want to know. It's my right!"

Gramps, William, Malcolm and Lysa sat around the kitchen table contemplating the severity of it all.
"It could go badly if his system is not ready."
"If he is of another species, we do not know what his reaction would be to wolves. He may not respond to us."
"We could use the holding facility. That would prevent hurting himself."
Chris paced the room, taking it all in.
"You talk about me like I'm not even in the room. This is me. My body. My life! I think I should have a say-so in what happens to me."
The four looked up, realizing that he was right. Lysa's motherly instincts stepped in.
"We just don't want to see you get hurt, Chris. You are family now. We would protect any of our family members just the same."
William put his two cents in.
"This is unheard of in the wereworld. To our knowledge, no human has ever crossed over. We need to find out how this came to be before we do anything rash. It can be a very dangerous process. Some do not make it through the first phase. There could be complications. You'll need guidance when it happens. Until we know what species you are, we cannot take any chances."
Chris paced some more. Ate a hot dog. Paced again. Chugged a bottled water. Took a piece of cold chicken from the fridge and sat next to Gramps.
"What do we do?"
"I think you should research your lineage. Find out if there's anything in your family tree that you don't know about. Of course you wouldn't. And anyone who knew probably kept it secret or denied the fact until it disappeared down the line. Talk to your parents. See what you can dig up."
"Okay. I can do that. And in the meantime?"
"Nothing out of the ordinary. Stay close to William and Malcolm. If something happens unexpectedly, you'll want one of them to be with you. And Chris, if it turns out you in fact are of another species, know that you are still welcome here. It doesn't change anything."
Chris felt a big lump form in his throat. He had become greatly fond of the wolf pack in a short period of time. To be one of them would be a dream come true. To be of another genus would be heartbreaking.

~ ~ ~

"They'll be here soon. Everything needs to be in order. I don't want to give Malcolm a reason to whine to William. I am fully capable of holding the Alpha spot. Right?"
Abbey looked to me for reassurance. She had been scrubbing and wiping all morning.
"Of course you are. Stop worrying. The house is fine. Everyone is safe now. What happened to Jonas is not your fault. No one knew there was a leopard in the area. Much less one to avenge the death of Darius. You could not have prevented any of this."
She nodded agreement but I could see in her eyes that she didn't truly believe it. She was certain William would disapprove and reprimand her. We both tensed when we heard the car outside. We looked hesitantly at one another, neither wanting to be the first to open the front door. Not to fear, we didn't have to. The door burst open and Chris came rushing through and charged directly for me. His arms encircled my waist and he lifted me into the air, spinning me round.
"Did you hear, Jen? I'm a werewolf!"
You can't resist Chris' silly grin and playful demeanor. Though werewolf?
"Put me down!"
Of course I giggled inbetween words.
"Really, Chris. Put me down. What are you, twelve?"
Abbey stood open-mouthed, watching the display. Apparently, no one had filled her in on the episode in North Dakota.
"What do you mean, you're a werewolf?"
Chris finally planted me on the floor and turned his attention toward Abbey. At one time I thought they would hook up but now, he didn't seem to look at her in the same way.
"Ya, I phased!"
Abbey gasped and grabbed her heart in exaggeration.
"Um, it wasn't quite like that."
Malcolm was leaning against the door facing, arms folded across his chest, watching the display. I almost leapt into his arms before I caught myself. I had no idea how much I had missed these guys.
"Chris has exhibited suspicious behavior. We need to trace his lineage before making judgment."
"But you saw him? He was shifiting?"
William had told me but, being me, I dismissed it as impossible.
"I saw him."
Abbey and I stared at Chris.
"See! That's how everybody was looking at me. Am I doing something now?"
He raced toward a mirror on the living room wall, peering at his face from all angles.
"Looks the same to me. Hey, I'm kinda cute! I wonder if I'll be able to grow a full beard now that I'm a wolf."
And there was that cheesy grin. OMG, he even posed!
"You're not a wolf, Chris. I don't know what happened up there but I intend to figure this out. You're human. Just like you have been all your life."
Even saying it out loud didn't sound very convincing in my own ears. Could he possibly be a were-animal? My best friend? Someone I was intimate with in the past! No, no, no. There simply must be some logical explanation for all of this.
"Anyway, there's more important matters at hand right now. What are we to do with Hanna?"
My question was directed toward Malcolm. Now that he was back, he would take charge of the Alpha position. I'm sure Abbey was happy to relinquish her status but giving it up to Malcolm stung just a bit.
"Abbey did the right thing by bringing her back here. Killing the leopard could have started another war between us. I want to talk to her. Find out if any of her people knew what she had planned. I highly doubt it but if they did, that would change everything."
Malcolm was headed in the direction of the holding shed, the rest of us quickly at his heels.
"She said she was sorry, you know. She wouldn't have killed me in the end."
I spoke out in desperation, hoping to touch something inside of him. Who was I kidding? Malcolm had no feelings toward any wereleopard. At least not any positive ones. It wouldn't change a thing in his life to kill her or any other intruder.
"You have no idea what this cat is capable of. They are sneaky and conniving. Knowing your demeanor, she probably fed you a load of crap and you fell for it."
I wanted to argue but he could have been right. Maybe she had pulled one over on me. But how would we ever know that now? Abbey unlocked the chain and lifted the latch. Everything happened so quickly from that point.
The door exploded open from the inside, knocking an unsuspecting Abbey to the ground. The leopard lunged outward, headed directly for me. I never had a chance to react. She was very fast. It was like watching her in slow motion, gliding through the air in one single bound, aimed straight at me. I stood frozen in place. A large, furry blur collided with the leopard, sending them both rolling in a tangled heap. Malcolm grabbed me, quickly carrying me across the yard to safety. I could hear loud hissing and growling emitting from the battling pair. I covered my ears in fright,burying my face in his chest. In one quick movement, the wolf latched onto the leopard's neck, swinging her from side to side. Suddenly, the bones cracked and she went limp. The instant silence was deafening.
From the cloud of dust that had stirred, emerged Curt. He strolled toward me as if nothing had happened. His face and bare chest had been scratched and one arm was trickling blood. I ran to him and flung myself around his battered body.
"Are you crazy! You could have been killed. Where did you come from? Are you hurt?"
Between questions I was feeling his body, attempting to detect any damage that had been inflicted.
"I'm okay, Jen. Stop fussing over me."
Abbey rushed forward and embraced me.
"I'm so sorry, Jenson. She caught me off guard. That should never have happened. I'm so sorry."
Her strength was crushing.
"It's all right, Abbey. I'm fine. Nothing happened to me."
"Thanks to Curtis Dale."
Malcolm glared at Abbey as if it was her fault. 
"You stop that, Malcolm! I didn't see you leaping to my rescue in a single bound."
A shallow growl emerged from within. Great. Now I've made the big bad wolf mad. To my surprise...
"You are right. We failed you."
I could have been mistaken but I think he even hung his head in the slightest. Then he reached out a hand to Curt.
"You're quick reaction saved Jenson's life. William would thank you himself were he here."
"But he's not."
Curt was quick to cut Malcolm off.
"You okay, Jen?"
Everything happened so quickly that I hadn't had time to feel anything. My body was trembling with adrenaline withdrawl, again. I've had way too many close calls with death since becoming involved with this pack. I fingered the canine tooth dangling from my wrist. At that particular moment, I was thankful to have it and to have Curt for a friend.
"I'm fine. Perfect. Just hunky dory!"
Tears poured from my eyes before I could control it. I have become such a girl! Abbey put an arm around me and led me into the house. Malcolm and Curt stayed put, neither knowing what to do or say. Two enemies brought together unexpectedly.

It was the next day and I didn't have time for an emotional breakdown. Jonas was the most important factor at the time. I finished gathering the last minute items Edna had prepared for the move as best she could. She was currently doing her final checks on medical equipment.
We had decided to wait until nightfall to make our departure, drawing less attention. You'll soon see what I mean. When our transportation was due to arrive, we all stood outside waiting. It was an unusually quiet night. Even the crickets had taken a night off. There was no dismissing the sound of the engine when the vehicle rumbled its way down the road. Malcolm was the first to comment when the hearse came into sight.
"I hope you don't expect Jonas to ride in a coffin all the way there."
If looks could kill.
"Of course not. It's discrete. People are less likely to question what's inside."
"Maybe you should have thought it through a bit more."
Malcolm was being sarcastic about the chosen form of transportation but I thought it was ingenious.
"William agreed. That's all that matters."
I huffed away, swishing for effect. When Curt got out of the driver's seat, Malcolm was even more concerned.
"Hey, Jen."
I gave him a friendly hug.
"Thanks for agreeing to this. The pack will be grateful for your help."
"Doesn't look like they are."
He nodded toward the others. When I looked over, they were all motionless, Abbey shaking her head.
"What? Did any of you have a better plan?"
The call I had made was to an old friend whose father owned a local funeral parlor in town. He was more than willing to lend the hearse, for a small donation of course, without question. Curt gladly volunteered to drive. I brushed past them and hefted my bag. Must have overpacked because I could only drag it through the dirt.
"All of you brag about how strong you are but no one can offer to help?"
Of course, they all jumped to my assistance on that note. Once everything was inside, a handful of wolves helped to carry Jonas' cot and carefully place it in the rear. Their strength never ceases to amaze me. Once he was secure and Edna set up all necessities, we said our goodbyes.
"I trust that you will be able to keep your driving under control, Curtis Dale."
Malcolm was not willing to let his dislike go.
"My driving skills are quite remarkable."
A sly sneer in my direction led me to believe that he may have been referring to something else. I blushed and disappeared into the passenger seat. Abbey was next to worry.
"You'll call as soon as you get there? And if you need anything, or if anything happens..."
"I'll keep you up to date, Abbey. I promise."
I knew she was worried. As was everyone else. I know William would take a breath in relief once we arrived.
"Let's go, Jen. We're wasting time."
Curt seemed to be the only one able to keep a clear head. His friendship was a blessing at this moment, as was his loyalty to the pack. Even though he wasn't officially a member, he was acting just as if he were. He didn't even question me when I called to ask this favor. He was more than eager for the opportunity to help.
"William will thank you properly when we arrive."
I didn't recognize the expression on his face but I understood the malice in his words.
"I don't need recognition from your boyfriend."


Chapter 12

Now that Chris was back home, he only had one mission in mind. To find out where he came from. Well, not particularly where but to know his ancestral history. The most logical place to start would be the county courthouse. The records department should keep documentation of family lineage. Malcolm, of course, accompanied him. He was eager to find out as well but more than that, he was concerned that if a change began again Chris would be alone.
"To tell you the truth, I'm kinda glad you're with me. I mean, all these years I lived my life thinking I was just like everyone else. Only, I have no idea what's inside me. I'm not so sure I'd be able to handle it on my own. That's the scary part."
Malcolm listened intently to Chris.
"What happens if it's something else? I mean, not wolf. I don't want to be anything else. What if those cats implanted some sort of blood cell in me and I end up purring every time a girl rubs my hair? I don't know if I can handle that."
Malcolm chose his words wisely.
"First of all, that is not possible. You cannot 'catch' the were-animal gene. It's not like the common cold. Nowhere in our history has anyone heard of such a thing happening. That is simply stories of old."
Chris thought about it.
"Ya, but before I met you guys, there was no such thing as werewolves either. You can't rule out something just because you never heard of it before."
"True enough. But let's just stick with your heritage for now. We'll find out where your ancestors originated and go from there. As for you being some other kind of were-animal, I don't know how to assist you. What I do know is that over this short period of time, you have become a part of our family. You have proven your loyalty in many ways and are trusted by all. I can only speak for myself. I would feel no different about you if it turns out you are not wolf."
Hearing Malcolm share such a strong emotion was touching. He and William were like brothers already. He looked up to them. Envied them. A pain grew in his stomach at the thought of losing either one. When the three-story sandstone building came into view, a pang of anxiety hit him. 
The girl behind the counter was eager to help. It wasn't often that two good looking guys came in. She grinned at Malcolm from behind the computer. Chris caught the added attention and returned to his usual self.
"Hey, how come she didn't smile at me like that?"
Malcolm simply shrugged it off, though he acknowledged with his own silent flirtation. Women he loved, but pack business was first priority. The girl searched diligently for the information requested.
"I don't know why nothing else is coming up. I've searched the entire data base."
The only document found was a copy of Chris' certificate of birth, and he had already seen that.
"There might be one more place we can look. Follow me."
The clerk led them to a basement that smelled of mildew and dampness.
"When we switched over to computers, it was too costly to input everything. City councel didn't want to dip into the budget for it. So, these are the old log books that we kept for instances just such as this one."
She waved her arm, indicating shelves lined with old ledgers. Handwritten, leather-bound ledgers. This was going to take some time.
"Help yourself. Leave everything on that table when you're finished. We'll take care of them."
Malcolm and Chris looked at each other in exasperation. At least they were arranged in chronological order, making their task a bit easier. Malcolm took two of the ledgers from a shelf that were dated around the time frame in which they were interested.
"Let's get started."
After three hours of meticulous searching, they came up with nothing. Not even a hint of the Reynold's family history.
"I don't understand." Chris was bewildered. "This doesn't make sense."
Though confusing to Chris, Malcolm was no stranger to a coverup. Someone was hiding their family history, the reason to be determined. And knowledge of a were-animal would be a perfect reason.
"I think we should speak with your parents now."
Chris had been reluctant to do so in the beginning. He wanted to find the answers on his own, without having to involve his parents or alarm them unnecessarily. Now that they had come to a dead end, he agreed.

Mrs. Reynolds sat politely, hands held together in her lap. She timidly glanced at her husband before returning her attention back to her hands, obviously uneasy with the situation. Malcolm sat quietly across the room, there for support mostly.
"C'mon, mom. There's gotta be a reason why I couldn't find anything."
Finally, she broke. Her eyes moistened as she spoke.
"We were only trying to protect you, honey. It wasn't our intention to hurt you. We just thought it best if you didn't know. You were such a tiny little thing. And fragile."
She could contain it no longer. She burst into tears, hiding behind her quivering hands. Chris had no idea what she was talking about. He looked to his father for explanation.
"You're adopted, son. "
The pain in his face was obvious. Keeping something of this nature a secret had now come back to bite them. Chris didn't say a word. He rose slowly and walked outside. Malcolm now found the need to interject.
"He will be back. Give him a minute to himself."
Mrs. Reynolds spoke between sobs, dabbing at her nose with a tissue.
"I knew this would happen one day. We should have been honest from the beginning. I should have known he would find out."
Malcolm was not affected by her tears. Being abandoned by your natural parents was not easily overcome. Luckily, Gramps had taken him in and the pack welcomed him. He intended to do the same for his friend. Only a short time passed before Chris returned. He spoke softly.
"Look, I know you did what you thought was best. Both of you have been the best parents a kid could ask for. I know you love me. And I appreciate everything you've done for me. Now is not the time for apologies. I need information."

Chris learned a lot about himself during that visit. More than he had bargained for. Legalities of the adoption were handled by an attorney out of Birmingham. They didn't know much about the birth mother. She was seventeen years young and resided in Texas, her name was undisclosed. Back then, adoption was not regulated to the extent it is now. Even background checks on prospective parents were neglected. It was easier to just sign them over rather than put them in a costly foster home.
"So, we'll find the guy's address and make the drive. Surely he'll have record of the adoption. I mean, lawyers keep things, right?"
Chris was looking to Malcolm for positive reinforcement.
"One would think so. Try not to be over-anxious. It will all come around."

~ ~ ~

We had been driving for hours and the drone of the gigantic hearse engine was taking its toll on me. I felt better knowing that Jonas would soon have the medical help that he so desperately needed. I noticed Curt was being particularly quiet.
"Is something wrong?"
He didn't respond right away. After a few minutes, he said more than I expected.
"I was trying to keep my thoughts to myself. I don't want to cause you any problems, Jen."
"How could you cause me problems? Because of you, I'm safe. Because of you, Jonas is going to get the care he needs."
I could tell he was trying to choose his words carefully.
"I've gone over this whole thing a million times. It always comes back to the same thing. This entire situation should never have happened. Jonas should not be back there fighting for his life."
He was right. And I didn't want to have this conversation.
"There is no way we could have prevented her from seeking revenge. No matter what we would've done different, she would still have persued. It was inevitable."
Curt must be feeling inadequate. Maybe he felt that he should have been able to find me on his own, preventing the whole cave scene. It would have saved time if he hadn't waited for Abbey but there's no way to tell. What's done is done. And without him, I could have been held captive for days. Maybe not even lived through it all. I could have starved to death! And I don't do good without food. That would be a terrible way to go. I was lucky he was there.
I reached to pat his hand and noticed the slightest flinch. Wow, these werewolves sure do have a lot of emotions. And I thought I was the one turning into an adolescent. I inhaled deeply and decided maybe it was best to just stop talking. A nap did sound pretty good right then.
We stopped later to fill up the tank and stretch our legs. I tapped on the dividing glass behind my seat.
"I can sit with him for a few minutes. I'm sure you need to utilize the, um, facilities."
Edna was hesitant in leaving Jonas' side but nature truly was calling. Holly as well. I took their place and naturally held his hand. He was knocked out for the ride but I knew he could hear me.
"We're almost there, Jonas. William will be so happy to see you. Soon as you're out of the hospital we'll have a barbeque. Celebrate your healing. I think there's even talk of a fun run, whatever that is."
There was no response, but then again I didn't expect one either. He looked so vulnerable laying there. All of the spunk and playfulness drained away. I felt helpless. I wanted to do something. Anything. And I suppose the tears that threatened to drop were of no use either.
Edna and Holly returned quickly. We switched places once again. William said an escort would meet us halfway. I don't know how I was supposed to recognize him though. He didn't give any specifics. But then again, he didn't have to. I would have known that truck anywhere. Waiting at the designated rest area was William himself. He stood leaning against the vehicle, arms crossed over his chest, looking sexy as always. His face showed no emotion. I figure he was trying to avoid conflict with Curt. I'm sure he was thankful for the help but history between the two still remained.
The car barely came to a stop before I jumped out and ran toward his awaiting arms. I flung myself at him and held on tight. I breathed in his scent, enjoying the feel of his body pressed against mine. He would make everything all right now. The stress drained from my insides. For just that moment, the world stopped and nothing else mattered. Too soon, he spoke softly in my ear.
"We gotta go, Jen."
Of course I didn't want to let go but there was no time to waste.
"I brought a relief driver. You must be exhausted. Jen can ride with me."
William gestured toward an unfamiliar face. He took Curt's place behind the wheel, giving him opportunity to sleep. Guess I hadn't thought about that part. Good thing I have an Alpha for a boyfriend, though I noticed a suggestion of disgust in Curt's eyes.
 I was relieved that William would now take control of the current state of affairs. It's been rough without him. I suppose I always thought of myself as an indepent and self-sufficient woman but I've lately come to realize that it's nice to have someone to lean on now and again. I snuggled up under his arm and relaxed. He asked me to tell him what happened on that dreadful night with Hanna. When I mentioned running into Curt he released a soft growl. I came to his defense instantly.
"It was a good thing I invited him, you know. If Curt hadn't been there, I don't know what would have happened to me."
I could see he was trying to accept it in his mind. I'm not sure what had happened between the two but it's time he got over it. Curt was beginning to warm up to the pack and it would be William's decision to accept him or not.
"Even now, Jonas is going to get proper medical care because of him. If anything, you owe him gratitude."
Another growl. Geeze. Guys are so territorial. Jonas was like a son to William. He had been with him since a pup. William had mentored him, guided him in the right direction. Nurtured him. It startled me when he spoke.
"Jonas is a good wolf. He has accomplished anything I ever asked of him. He will make a good leader."
He suddenly banged the steering wheel with a fist, releasing stress. I jumped from the outburst.
"He did not deserve this. If he does not make it, I will track down that leopard clan and slaughter them all, one by one."
His voice was cold, filled with anger and hurt. I didn't know what to say. This vengeance stuff was normal in their world. In mine, you go to prison for the rest of your life. William has now made himself part of both worlds. Maybe it really would be best to move back to North Dakota before he gets himself into trouble. Live life as a werewolf is meant to. It couldn't be that bad. I had met some very nice people and they seemed to accept me well enough. Well, there's still that Cassie hooker to deal with but at least I have Lysa on my side. 
I must have dozed off. When I opened my eyes, we were driving slowly through William's hometown. All of the little shops and businesses were dark. There was a street light here and there, added to the green glow from traffic signals. I could find no sign of life at all. I guess the place shuts down after dark.
The hospital was on the other side of town. Their pack doctor stood waiting outside, along with a couple of others in medical scrubs. They unloaded Jonas from the hearse and transferred him onto a gurney, wheeling him away immediately. Edna followed along, William close behind. I had to shuffle my feet a little bit to keep up. They banged through a set of swinging doors and the doctor turned toward William.
"This is as far as you can go. I'm taking him to operating room nine. I'll make sure someone keeps you informed."
William started to protest but I touched his arm lightly and nudged him away. There was a small waiting room, furnished with fake leather chairs and a twenty-inch flat panel television. Somehow I didn't think we would be checking to see what was on. He paced, then sat. Then I paced, then sat. We held hands. He paced some more. It seemed as though hours had passed when in fact it had only been fifteen minutes. Holly sat in the corner, silent with tear-stained eyes. I couldn't imagine what she must be feeling.
"I'm going for coffee. Be right back."
I kissed him lightly on the cheek and gave him a loving hug. His response was less than attentive but I understood. His mind was focused completely on Jonas.
There were several vending machines located in the caffeteria lobby. Now I'm a firm believer in freshly brewed coffee, none of that instant crap. The serving area was closed until dinner so there really was no other option. We were all running on fumes by now and caffeine was the only cure. Well, other than sleep but that wasn't going to happen. I slid a dollar bill into the slot, listened to the wheel turn and watched it disappear inside the machine. A few seconds later, it spit the money right back out! Ugh!
"That's just great."
Apparently my currency wasn't good enough for this box of metal. So I set out to find a human being that just might have change for a five. I know, good luck with that. There's never anybody helpful around when you need them.
Meanwhile, William had remained patient for as long as he could. He roamed the hallway until he came to a door with a number nine above it. He peered through the little glass window. Jonas lay on a table with blue paper sheets covering his entire length, except for a space down his middle where the doctor currently had his hands. There were machines everywhere making beeping and whooshing sounds. A long, clear tube entered Jonas' mouth and disappeared somewhere inside his body. Everyone was diligently working on him. No one even noticed William looking in.
"Pressure's climbing."
All eyes looked to a screen with blue numbers that William didn't understand. The doctor ordered some sort of medication, delivered by the anesthesia guy. They continued to watch the monitor.
"Still climbing. One-sixty over a hundred."
Then a machine started to alarm. Loudly.
"One-eighty over one-ten!"
The nurse was frantic. Then Edna shouted.
"He's trying to shift!"
William burst through the door. No one stopped him. They were completely focused on Jonas.
"He cannot shift. It will kill him!"
The doctor yelled out and ordered more drugs. William didn't understand what they were doing but he did know that he had to stop Jonas. He ran to his side, bypassing the sterile field. He put his face near to Jonas' ear.
"Hold on, young one. Control yourself."
Jonas rocked his head from side to side, attempting to speak but the tube prevented words. His eyes were taped shut. He bit down and strained against the straps around each wrist. A deep growl emerged within William's chest.
"Calm yourself, wolf. You must maintain your form. You cannot shift. Do as your Alpha commands!"
Jonas stopped moving abruptly. From one eyelid slid a single tear. William took his hand and held on. 
"Heart rate is still rising!"
A machine to William's right sounded, the quick blips turned to short burps. Within seconds, the line became flat and a long, steady beep echoed throughout the room. The doctor shoved William out of the way and placed two paddles on his chest.
"Clear!"
An electric shock erupted and all eyes landed on the screen again. Still a steady line.
"Clear!"
Jonas' bodied jerked and went still again. Nothing. The doctor lowered his head and relaxed his body.
"I'm sorry, William."
William pulled the tubing from Jonas' mouth and ripped the tape from his eyes. He shook his shoulders excitedly.
"Come on, Jonas! Open your eyes! You cannot die. You cannot die!"

I finally found someone and was now trying to balance twenty quarters in one hand while I placed six of them in a tiny slot. Chink. Chink. Chink. I pressed the proper buttons and waited. A small paper cup fell and hot liquid began to pour. The little red light turned green and I lifted the plastic door, removing a half full cup.
"Figures."
I guess half was better than none. Six more quarters and another cup dropped. I peered through the little door, patiently waiting for the steady brown stream to stop. But it didn't. Coffee reached the brim and continued to flow over the sides. Guess that was the other half of the first cup.
"Great."
Maybe the next one would be three-quarters full. I put the required amount of coins in the slot, there was a click click sound and...no cup fell. A steady stream of coffee flowed into the drip strainer on bottom.
"Fantastic!"
I wasn't about to take anymore chances. I would give the coffee to William and Holly and just do without. I could stay awake a few more hours. I'm strong. Well, maybe I could take a nap in one of the chairs while we waited. And of course there were no lids available so I would have to rely on my balancing talents to make it back down the hallway without spilling a drop. I inched my way towards the OR department, taking baby steps so as not to stumble. I suppose I could have poured some of the full cup into the half full one and saved myself the worry. But that would require thinking ahead.
I made the final turn and heard it. The most sorrowful, shrieking howl imaginable. I knew then what had happened. I dropped the cups, splattering over the tile floor, and ran to find William. He buried his face in my neck and cried. Cried like I had never seen before. I didn't say anything, just held him close. We ended up kneeling on the floor by the time it was over. He was all cried out. I kissed the tears from his cheeks and held his hands in mine.
"I don't know what to say. I have no words."
I had been in sorrowful situations before but never had it affected me this much. There was a softball size lump in my throat. My stomach wanted to heave. Innocent young Jonas was gone. Holly! I leapt from my knees but William grabbed me before I could take off.
"She's alone with him. Give her some time."
I don't know what went wrong in there. I was sure we had reached the hospital in time to save him. Maybe the move was too much for him. Maybe he was hanging on just long enough to get back home. My head was in a whirl. I couldn't imagine my new life without Jonas in it.
We walked hand in hand out to the truck. Edna stayed with Holly. It was a long, silent ride. I could sense the anger radiating beneath William's skin. It worried me. He didn't look at me. He didn't speak to me. He simply drove. Upon arrival, Gramps was waiting on the front porch, his face somber. They embraced, a father/son type hug. I couldn't hold back any longer. Tears streamed down my face. Lysa came to my side. She knew how to be a big sister when needed.
The rest of the day I spent staying out of the way. Werewolves do things a bit different when someone dies. There is no funeral. There is no wake. Instead, it's a ceremonial type deal. They all gather in wolf form to mourn together. The loss of a pack member is very emotional for them. Even physical. I sat in the corner, looking out the window as they began to arrive, one by one. They each found a place in the yard and lay down, head resting on paws. It was quite amazing for a human to see. I swear I could feel the sadness in the atmosphere.
By the time the ceremony began, I was feeling more and more an outsider. Who am I kidding? I'll never be totally accepted by these people. I am human and will never be a true part of their family. It didn't hurt my feelings or anything. I just felt a little jealous because I wasn't a part of them. I mean, I loved Jonas too. I should be allowed some sort of grieving period, right? I couldn't tell you what happened from there because I decided it was best if I leave, preserving whatever pack rituals have been so carefully kept from humans. Besides, I truly wanted to wallow in my sorrows and I didn't want anybody to see me. That could be embarrassing.
I took a trail that led into the woods from the back side of the house. It's very beautiful here. Pine trees and kudzoo are not the most abundant foliage as in the south. I had only been walking for a few minutes when I heard footsteps behind me. Under normal circumstances I would have been freaked out but I know these woods are well protected. Then again, not against little critters! I whipped around, ready to pounce on whatever was following me.
"Sorry. Just thought you could use some company."
Curt. I let out an audible sigh of relief.
"How come your not with the others?"
He shrugged and came up beside me while we walked.
"I'm not a pack member. Doesn't seem right."
I wish I could say I understood but I didn't. He was feeling much the same as me only he is werewolf. Kind of feels like a 'members only' club or something. I found that offensive. Well, at least I had a friend there for comfort. I slipped my hand into his and continued walking. Just a slow, leisurely pace. Taking in the surroundings.
"Do you ever shift and run for no reason?"
He smirked before answering.
"It's not for no reason but, yes, I do. Hard to explain. Just...feels good."
I don't know about you but I never run because it feels good. Matter of fact, when I run my lungs hurt, my legs hurt and I can't breathe. And when it's over, I'm exhausted and I stink. Where's the fun in that?
"I can think of better things to do that feels good other than running."
"Oh really? Wanna partake in any of those activities?"
I shouldered him and we both laughed. It was close to like having Malcolm around. Only, I think Curt was probably serious, even though he laughed with me. He caught me looking at him.
"What?"
"Nothing. Just admiring what a handsome man you've grown to be."
"Hey, I was always good looking. This is my distinguished look."
He jutted his chin out and grinned at me. I couldn't help but smile. He had defeated my self-pity problem and I was thankful. We chatted as we walked. It felt good to talk about things other than wolf business. He told me about the business he runs and how he came to own it. We laughed over remember-when's, like the time I caught him with a little blonde chick in the back seat of his car. It wasn't very funny then but knowing what I know now, it was easier to accept. I really loved him back then. I thought we would marry and have children. It truly broke my heart when he hooked up with Sandra.
"I'm sorry. I wish I could have told you. Maybe I should have. Considering how everything turned out anyway."
I squeezed his hand to acknowledge the apology. He didn't owe me one but it was nice to hear. He loved me too, I suppose. I looked up to realize that it was growing dark outside. He would be able to see for the both of us, of course. I stopped walking anyway, suggesting we turn around. He took my other hand and we stood facing one another.
"Do you love him, Jen? Truly love him?"
His eyes were piercing. My heart was thumping and I think I began to perspire. I think I nodded but I'm not sure. He bent his head slowly and kissed my lips softly. He really loved me too, back then.


Chapter 13

"Are you sure you really want to know? I just don't want you to get hurt."
Abbey was concerned about Chris. Finding out that your parents really are not your parents is bad enough. If he is able to locate his birth mother, he could be in for an even bigger disappointment.
"Just remember, you have loving parents here and a new family that loves you as well."
Chris was a sucker for Abbey. He knew she meant well. He put his arms around her and kissed her cheek.
"It's good to know you care. I'll be fine. It's not about the parent thing. I just need to know what's going on inside me. If finding her is the only way, then it's something I have to do. Stop worrying."
He slung the duffel across his back and signaled to Malcolm that he was ready. They set out on their journey to find Chris Reynolds' lineage. First stop, Birmingham. 
The lawyer's office was located on the south side of town, not a place one would want to spend time in, unless of course you have amazing werewolf strength. The building itself was run down and smoke scorched. Not a good sign. Chris' expectation level dropped a bit at the sight of a previous arson. Malcolm kept an eye on their surroundings, conscientious of the hoodlums eyeing them from a liquor store parking lot across the street. He stood watch inside the front glass door while Chris took care of business.
"You're lucky. Most of my files were burned in the fire. A few file cabinets managed to escape the flames though. Mostly old junk that I thought was meaningless. Good thing I hung on to them, huh? Never would have expected you to show up. Nobody ever shows up."
He took the manilla folder out of a drawer and leafed through the few pages inside.
"Here it is."
He pointed to a name on a piece of yellowing paper.
"She lived in Houston at the time. Couldn't tell you if she's still there. This is the address she gave. Back then these things weren't verified like they are now. I hope that your adopting parents have been good to you?"
Chris looked up and realized he was seeking confirmation.
"Ya, sure. They're great. It's just that I...um...I found out I have a rare medical condition and need to know about my family history. That's all."
He nodded and moved on, clearing his throat.
"Sure, sure. Well, here's the address. Good luck to you."
Chris shook the man's chubby hand and departed. The young men from across the street had been eyeing Malcolm's truck the entire time, waiting for the right moment. Being that they were now crossing the road, this must be the right time. Malcolm stood in place, contemplating the ratio. Three to two. Not bad odds considering he could take them all out on his own. This would be a test for Chris.
"You must maintain your temper. They are no threat. Let me handle it."
Chris understood why this was so important. Shifting was not an option. They were unsure whether or not he would transform successfully. He was anxious to know what were-animal lived inside but shifting was not the way to find out.
The three guys stopped short approximately four feet in front of them. The one that deemed himself their leader spoke.
"Hand over them keys if you rednecks wanna live."
Malcolm first allowed the corners of his mouth to curl up, revealing an amused grin. Then he hardened his face and focused his eyes on the three of them, one by one. The amber glow and the inner growl was enough to put a sense of fear in the wanna-be gangsters.
Chris was laughing as they entered the on-ramp of I-65.
"I've never seen thugs hightail it like that. That was great! Once I get this thing under control, you're gonna have to teach me that one. That could come in handy."
Malcolm grinned at his envy. He was proud that Chris was excited about the were-world. He knew Chris would never hurt anybody intentionally, but his tendency to play around might create problems for the pack if he wasn't careful.
"Most humans scare easily. They like to think they are tough. Give 'em a little rumble and they run like rabbits everytime."
They had a thirteen hour drive ahead of them. The scenery would consist of asphalt and overgrown foliage. Not a very exciting trip.
"How about we stop off in New Orleans for a few days? Have some fun before we get there."
Malcolm was all for having fun. The huge grin across his face was answer enough.

~ ~ ~

Since the pack went on a run in honor of Jonas, I decided to go on back to William's little abode to get cleaned up. It had been quite some time since we were intimate and feeling his arms wrapped around me would be wonderful right about now. Curt escorted me home, saying his gentlemanly goodbyes at the door. 
I thought the hot water would make me feel better, showering down over my body, but instead I just felt sad and withdrawn. I didn't like this emotion. I needed my man! I crawled into bed and pulled the covers up tight around my neck, gazing out the bedroom window at the moon. The moon was welcoming. Calming.
I finally dozed off while waiting for William. The sound of running water in the bathroom let me know that he had returned. He was gracious enough not to turn on the lights. As his silhouette emerged in the doorway, the moon's glow outlined his glorious shape, accenting the full muscles. I'm sure there was a twitch in a place where no one can see on my body. The water glistened in his hair as he toweled off.
I could see the gleam of excitement in his eyes as he approached. He dropped the towel, revealing his oh-so-appealing manhood. He slid between the sheets and wrapped his body around mine. I melted into his form, inhaling his masculinity. At first he kissed gently along my shoulders and arms, slowly working his way to my lips. When he reached my mouth, his tongue plunged deep inside, his desire taking over. My body ignited, reveling in the thrill of his scent.
"I can feel your need. Inside."
I didn't know what that meant and I didn't care. I wanted to feel him inside, but in a different way if you know what I mean. I let him move his body atop mine, spreading my legs as he nestled between them. The full of his love pressing firmly against my special place. My heart was pounding and breathing erratic.
"You're heart beats as one, with mine."
He modified position and moved himself within my walls, absorbing the wetness that awaited. He began a slow in and out pace but that didn't last long. He inhaled deeply and released a rumble. His movements quickened, as did mine. Within seconds our bodies were colliding with force, his nature slamming inside me with every thrust. It was painful, but a good pain. I accepted him fully, on the verge of climax. I tried to hold back but the sensation was overwhelming. I needed to release. I felt as if I would explode. William sensed my need, raised his head and released a growl that could rumble the walls. He drained his love into my womb and collapsed atop my body.
We both lay on our backs atop the damp sheets, panting. It took several minutes to come back down to earth after that heavenly episode. He took my hand in his.
"Did you feel...different?"
I thought about it. I mean, it had been a long time but it felt like the same beautiful love making we had experienced so many times before.
"No. I do now. Let's not wait this long ever again."
He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my forehead. I snuggled up to him and enjoyed the best sleep I had accomplished in a long time.

The next morning, William had a conversation with Gramps about the strange feelings he had experienced, last night and during the run.
"I never heard of anyone bonding with a human, son. Not even sure it's possible. Then again, not sure it isn't either. You say she hasn't felt anything different?"
William shook his head.
"Not that she's noticed."
"Maybe you're just imagining things. Since you know you shared blood, maybe your mind is telling you to sense something that's not there."
"No, it was real. As if I were the one experiencing it. Real."
Just then, Lysa walked in.
"What was real?"
William supressed the urge to tell her but Gramps blurted out immediately.
"William bonded with Jenson. Now he thinks he's feeling her emotions."
"What! You didn't tell me you were feeling things. I mean, the night of the run I thought you were mistaken. What else has happened? Could this be for real? This is amazing!"
William was actually blushing.
"Glad to hear you find this exciting."
"Don't you? This is unheard of. What if you are the first werewolf ever to share the blood bond with a human? You'll be famous!"
"I don't want fame! I just want a normal werewolf life...with my human girlfriend. I cannot believe I let this happen."
He sat with head in hands, moaning and mumbling to himself.
"Oh get off it! Poor, poor William. What about Jenson? Is she okay? How does she feel about it?"
"That's just it. She has not experienced any difference. I think maybe the bond has only affected me."
Lysa joined them at the kitchen table, filling everyone's coffee.
"So you've bonded with one human, and another human is shifting. Never would have guessed it."
She sipped her caffeine as if nothing were wrong.
"Well, you can't stop it now. Besides, the blood bond is special. You should embrace it. Enjoy it."
"I suppose you are right. I do love her. If she were wolf I would not think twice about it. I guess I just thought it would be more...well...more."
"She loves you, William. Werewolf or human, she is your mate. You'll figure out the rest as you go. Like I said, enjoy it."
I happened to walk in on a conversation that I knew was about me. You know how everyone gets quiet when they see you. That's what happened.
"Morning all. What?"
Lysa to the rescue.
"I saved you a plate. I forgot how late you humans sleep in. Let me heat it up for you."
"Um...thanks."
I took a seat beside William. He wore a concerned look on his face.
"Is there something I should know about?"
He stammered around a bit before Gramps finally spit it out.
"William thinks you and he blood bonded."
I blushed four shades of red.
"Oh. I...um...kinda made that happen I guess."
All heads turned to me.
"It wasn't for real though! I made it all up. Kind of went through the steps and put the thought into William's head before he left. I hoped I could prevent an incident with Cassie if he thought we were bonded."
I felt guilty and ashamed for leading him to believe a falsehood.
"I'm sorry, William. I had good intentions."
Lysa answered for him.
"No need to apologize, Jenson. And it was not made up. You two are actually bonded. William has been experiencing your emotions. Isn't it great!"
Oh no. This couldn't be. I'm human! We don't mate. We marry!
"That can't be. It's probably just because his mind thinks we are bonded."
"I thought so too." William finally spoke. "The night of the run, I could clearly feel your pain. I knew you were in danger. And last night, I felt every sensation you felt. But it was yours as well as mine."
I couldn't believe it.
"Then how come I haven't felt anything. I feel exactly the same. I have no clue what you are feeling."
"We figure that's the human part of this deal. You don't have the senses that a wolf has. It didn't affect you the same way."
Gramps seemed to have it all figured out. This was all Abbey's fault! She should have never told me of the blood bond. Now I've gone and attached myself to him for life!
"It's really very special, Jenson. It's something only a couple that is truly in love can experience. You are definitely his mate now."
Lysa's smile spread across her face like she had just found out I was pregnant. Oh no! What about the breeding thing? I could never give William purebred pups. How would he continue the bloodline?
"I've messed everything up!"
I ran from the room, out the front door. I know I'm not fast but William caught me as soon as my feet hit grass.
"Don't run away, Jen. This is not a bad thing. We can work this out."
I was sobbing, tears running down my cheeks.
"You know, I never cried like this before I met you. I'm always so hormonal now!"
He embraced me and let me throw my tantrum.
"How will you maintain the pure bloodline? I can never give you what you need."
"Every day you give me what I need. You are the woman I love. The woman I have chosen to spend my life with. We will work through this just like anything else that comes along. That's what couples do, Jen. You work through things. Together."
See, there he goes again. Being the nice guy. The guy who is willing to stick it out through thick and thin. The guy who is willing to put up with my inconsistent mood swings. Why in the world did he ever choose me? I looked up into those beautiful eyes and knew. It's because we were meant to be together.

"I don't want you hanging around Jenson. You are not good for her."
Curt contemplated his words before responding.
"I think that is Jen's decision. Not yours."
William was trying desperately to control his anger.
"Jenson is mine and not for the taking. Anything she needs, I will be the one to give it to her. Keep your distance wolf."
Curt was back in his face.
"You weren't there when she needed you! I was there. I protected her! What will happen the next time when your precious pack business calls you away? You put the pack first, not Jenson. I would never do that. I can take care of her. You cannot!"
"We have bonded! She is mine and I am hers."
William circled around slowly, fists balled at his sides. Curt's words stung but they were true.
"You have a wife and children. Leave me and mine alone. There is no need to repeat what happened before. Go home to your family, Curtis Dale."
Curt's eyes shown the hurt inflicted. Had Jenson shared the blood bond with William? Had she truly accepted him as her mate?
"I am leaving here. And I am going home. But I will not stay away from Jenson. Take it for what it is, Will. If she truly loves you, and if you are truly bonded, then you have nothing to worry about."
Curt turned his back to William and walked away, leaving him to smolder in his own rage. He was not a pack member and therefore did not have to obey William's commands. It was easy now to recall why he had left the pack. He was not a follower. No, Curt was born an Alpha. Unfortunately, he would never achieve status. Nor did he want to. He enjoyed living his life as was pleasing to him, not because he was supposed to. He took one last look over his shoulder and gave a little wave, backed up by a lecherous grin.

There was no way to stop Curtis Dale but he could definitely do something about Jenson.
"What do you mean, you forbid me to see him again? Have you lost your mind?"
William paced the small room, running fingers through his hair and trying to figure out how to best handle this.
"I have told you before, he is no good. He is trouble. Just trust me on this."
"No, William. You trust me. And I've told you before, Curt is my friend. And I'm still alive."
"That's not what I mean. He wants you, Jen. And he won't stop until he has you. I know this wolf. He is not one of mine for a reason."
I was appalled that we were even having the conversation again. I didn't want to argue anymore. It was a pointless discussion. So, I did what any smart woman would do. I turned away and ignored him.
"You are my mate. Maybe you should start acting like it."
Now that one got me going. 
"I'm not a wolf, William! You cannot order me around. And as a mate, as you call it, I am supposed to be trusted. If I am your mate, then you should have no concern. You are really beginning to get in my crawl!"
A look of confusion came over him.
"What is this crawl that you speak of?"
Okay, so I don't even know myself. It's just something people say. Does anybody know what it means? Whatever it is, it sounds disgusting. I couldn't help but to giggle. I slid my arms around his waist and looked up into his beautiful eyes.
"William, I love you. And I don't want anybody else but you."
A little kiss on those luscious lips made him smile. I turned to go finish packing and decided to add one more smart aleck comment.
"You could always agree to share me with him. Malcolm said it's okay for an Alpha to do that."
I left him dumbfounded for once. He wants to keep making all these rules but in reality, if I were wolf, an entirely different set of rules would apply. He was gonna have to figure out how to make this work for him. He was gonna have to get over it. That simple.


Chapter 14

It was already dark out when Malcolm and Chris finished checking into a hotel. Malcolm opted for a more expensive room in the French Quarter rather than a cheap motel on the outskirts of town. Bourbon Street provides for all sorts of entertainment and he needed a quick getaway in case Chris got into trouble. As a wolf, he would have no problem making it to a remote room without being caught but this time he had a human tagging along. Not that he anticipated any trouble. Well, you never know with Chris.
"New Orleans baby!"
Chris was excited. He had never ventured outside of his hometown, other than school and his recent trip to North Dakota. Oh ya, there was that one time at Six Flags in Atlanta but his parents were with him. And he was a little kid.
"Just point me in the direction of women and booze!"
Malcolm chuckled as he watched Chris. His eyes sparkled with enthusiasm as he took in the sights. And there was that funny grin spread across his face. He remembered what it was like to experience new places, eat new food, and taste new women. This would be entertaining.
"Slow down there, hero. No need to get in a rush. We have all night."
"You might have all night. I wanna get this party started!"
Just then, a handful of young, scantily dressed women strolled by, giggling and swishing. They were obviously tourists out on the town. Chris followed them into the first bar they found. This was going to be easy. Malcolm took a seat on a bar stool and ordered a beer. It didn't take long before girl after girl approached in hopes of an invitation. He gladly accepted the company but never once made an offer, all the while watching Chris work his magic at the pool tables.
"I would make this one here a three-railer but I don't wanna embarrass anybody."
The young lady laughed and blushed at his attention. After he made the shot, he leaned in for a kiss and came back with bright red lipstick smeared on his face. She giggled some more, wiping it away with a napkin.
"Maybe you could smear some of that stuff in a different place. Know what I mean?"
They were on their way out the door when Malcolm stopped him by the elbow.
"Where you think you're going?
"Back to the room. Told you this would be easy. She's a looker, huh?"
Malcolm shook his head.
"I don't think so, my man. We share that room you know. And I don't think I want to spend the night listening to the sounds of your intimate abilities."
"Ah, come on! You have any idea how hot this chick is for me? I'll make it a quickie. You don't even have to leave here. Just have another beer. I'll be right back."
He started toward the door and Malcolm grabbed his elbow once again.
"I don't think so, hot rod. It's too risky."
The girl had become tired of waiting.
"Is this guy your daddy or something? C'mon. I got money to make tonight. I can't wait around forever."
Malcolm burst out laughing.
"All the girls in this bar and you gotta pick yourself a hooker!"
He clapped Chris on the back and led him back to the bar, ordering two more beers. He raised his own in salute.
"Cheers."

~ ~ ~

"The house seems so empty. Where is everybody?"
William and I had finally arrived. It was nice to have him home with me again.
"Looks like we have the place to ourselves. Want to mess around?"
He pulled me into his arms and began to nibble my neck. I almost succumbed to the chill bumps he was creating. He's really good at this.
"I think I have jet lag."
"We drove, Jen."
"Same difference."
William sighed and took our bags to the bedroom. I called down the hall behind him.
"And don't forget we have a pot roast appointment with my parents tomorrow!"
 It had been weeks since I had spent any time with them and they had been relentless about seeing me. Of course that meant William was expected as well.

After a night of rolling around in the hay and a morning of extremely hot water washing away my stiff muscles, William and I were headed over to my parents house. I was looking forward to playing with my buddy, Hobo. He is an overweight cat that we rescued several years ago from the front porch. Apparently he had been abandoned and didn't look old enough to take care of himself. He thought he was a real badass. He would arch his little back, fluff out his teeny tail and let out a hiss that you wouldn't even be able to hear if you weren't right next to him. I fell in love! He has become my best friend over the years. We've made it through many hard times and good times together. Now, he was forced to face-off with my boyfriend, the wolf.
When the front door opened, Hobo rushed to see me, weaving in and out of my ankles. As soon as William rounded the corner and came into view, Hobo let out a screech and high-tailed it toward the back of the house. William found it amusing but I think it's appallling. Poor cat has no chance against a werewolf. I gave him a scowl and moved on to hug my dad.
"Well it's about damn time you kids got here. Your mama's been cooking that crap all day and I'm just about tired of smelling it."
My dad had his own way of thanking my mother for the food she prepared for him. If it were me, I would tell him to cook it himself with that kind of comment. But my mother had a different view. Maybe after living thirty years with someone, you just know them.
"Oh, quit your griping. You'll be the first one to stick your fork in soon as it's on the table. He's like that, you know. Complains about something for hours on end but just can't wait to stick it in."
I cringed at the mental image of that one. Maybe it's best I should get everyone to the table.
"Okay, okay. Can we eat now?"
It was like a cattle stampede. Chair legs scuffed on the floor, silverware scraped bowls and no one said a word. We were all shoveling like we had never eaten before. Truth be told, it was one of the best pot roasts I could remember tasting.
"Mom, did you do something different to the meat this time?"
"You don't like it? Please say you like it. I got this new recipe from Miriam and couldn't wait to try it out on somebody. There's a secret ingredient. I would tell you what it is but I'm afraid William and your father may not eat any more of it."
She snickered. I couldn't imagine what she could have put in it that would prevent either of them from eating. Although the comment definitely created a pause in the process.
"So, what have you two been up to? It's been quite some time since we talked. Have you set a date yet? You know, the girls are beginning to wonder if I am telling them the truth. Every Wednesday night service they make it a point to bring it up."
Then my dad chimed in with a snort.
"At first they thought you were knocked up but since it's takin so long to get this ball rollin, they pretty much came to the conclusion that you're just livin in sin."
William coughed on his tea.
"You know, I've been trying to get Jenson to select a date. Apparently, she does not truly want to marry me. You didn't accept that ring out of obligation, did you honey?"
Really! I hate it when he puts me in these positions. And I hate it when he calls me honey!
"Well, why wouldn't you want to marry him? He's perfect! Seems to me you only want to get hitched to them that treat you badly."
Oh my. Here we go. Then dad put in his two cents.
"Just knock her around a bit, William. That's the way we did it back in my day. The man wears the pants you know. Don't be lettin that girl run the show. Her mama taught her that crap, not me."
"Dad!"
William chuckled and did a quick clean up.
"I would never lay my hands on this beautiful woman. She means the world to me. She can take as much time as she needs."
He grinned in my direction and then whispered to my dad.
"Just as long as she continues to please."
They both burst into laughter. I could not believe that he would say something like that in front of my parents. My mother missed the meaning of the puch line, as usual. Okay, time to change the direction of this conversation.
"Didn't I hear that Erma's grand-daughter had another baby?"
That was all that was needed to get my mother on a roll. She detested the fact that Erma had great grand children and regularly rubbed it in her face. Dad dispised her husband so he just let out a grunt.
"Anybody for coffee?"
I had accomplished my mission.

William and Dad had planted themselves on the back deck to talk about whatever it is they talk about. I thought this might be a good time to bring up a sore subject with my mom.
"I'm thinking of moving back to North Dakota with William."
I let the topic marinate for a minute, waiting for her response.
"I'm not sure what you want me to say. You know how it turned out the last time you moved away for a man. Are you sure this is what you want to do?"
"No. Not sure at all. But I'm considering it. His family needs him there. His grandfather isn't in good health and there are a lot of things he can't take care of on his own anymore. They all seem like nice people. I've become especially close with his sister, Lysa. I'm sure they would all be excited if we did."
"Don't you think you ought to be married first?"
See, there's the difference in her generation and mine. Being married doesn't solve all possible problems. In my eyes, it only creates new ones. I figure, if I'm not tied to him and things go badly, I can simply leave him there and never look back. My eyes almost watered just thinking about it. I never want to be without William. But I had no idea what would lie ahead of us should he move home and become Alpha of the entire region. It just seems like a lot for one person to handle. When would he ever find time for me? And what if we were to have children? They can't go through childhood without their father around for love and guidance. I mean, in just the little time we'd been together, it seems like I've spent more time on my own than I have with him.
"What would happen to the store? Your father is so proud. He tells everybody that his son-in-law owns that store. You'd think that makes him the mayor or something. I know what he'll say. 'Here we go again.' He still hasn't gotten over the last time you flew out of here with that..."
"Okay, mom. I kind of already knew your opinion anyway. Just thought I would ask."
I don't know why I ever ask her about anything. I can't remember the last time she gave beneficial advice. I hope that when I'm a mother I will have answers, or at least decent suggestions, for their dilemmas.

~ ~ ~

"It wasn't my fault. She tricked me! Prostitutes are supposed to wear spandex and fish net stockings, right? Everybody knows that. Isn't there some sort of rule book or guidelines these ladies are supposed to follow? I don't think she read it."
Malcolm cast a sideways glance at Chris before returning his attention to the road ahead. His accusing grin only fueled Chris' defense.
"You saw her. She was normal. Anybody would have made that mistake. I bet she tricked other guys too. They should be required to wear a uniform or something. I think I'll write to Congress and make that happen. It isn't fair to trick an unsuspecting, good-hearted visitor."
Malcolm laughed heartily at that statement.
"Good-hearted? You intended to take full advantage of that girl for your own personal pleasure."
Chris sagged a bit in embarrassment.
"Ya, but I wasn't gonna charge money. Besides, it would have been to her benefit too. I'm pretty good in that area."
Chris watched through the window at an alligator sunning himself on the marshy shore of the coastal wetland. His muscular legs lay relaxed while taking in the warm rays. The two ducks paddling their way past did not give recognition to the massive reptile. The animals seemed at peace with one another. Before stumbling upon this crazy world of were-animals, Chris wouldn't have thought it possible for two extremely different species to coexist. As the vehicle reached the gator parallel, he would have sworn its beady, black eyes met with his own. His monstrous jowl opened and clamped shut with a loud snap. Chris inadvertently jumped in his seat.
"Did you see that thing? He looked right at me and acted like he was gonna eat me or something!"
Malcolm peered at him questioningly.
"I think you are seeing things. Maybe you should take a nap. Rest your eyes."
"Ha ha." Chris settled back in the seat and mumbled. "He was looking right at me."
The abilities that Chris was developing were apparent to Malcolm, even though Chris had no clue. He wished he could help him, assist in guiding him to better hone his senses. But until they could find out exactly what gene he carried, training was not an option. The closeness with his were-animal could induce shifting and that could end badly. Then again...
"What?"
Chris noticed Malcolm giving him that look again.
"Nothing. Just thinking. It might not be such a bad idea for you to shift."
Chris leapt with excitement, then quickly calmed himself so as to appear cool and collected.
"Ya,um, you're probably right. I mean, we got a good rapport going and all. I think I would recognize you and be able to maintain control. And you could, um, train me first. Ya, ya. Train me first so that I know what to expect."
The sparkle in his eyes let Malcolm know that Chris had truly embraced the fact that he was of the were-world. He grinned with pleasure.
"I'll think about it."
"Okay. But in the meantime, you could go ahead and start preparing me. I mean, it's gonna happen one day regardless. Nothing wrong with a little advanced knowledge. It'll help me in the long run. Right?"
It was true. Knowing how to control your animal self was of major importance. He could teach him the basic rules of his nature.
"All right. But this stays between you and me. We'll go slow. One step at a time. And if at any time you begin the shifting process, no matter how minor, we stop immediately. Comprendo?"
Chris was delighted.
"I bet I have some gray in my coat. And probably blue eyes. I look like a blue-eyed wolf, don't I?"
Malcolm shook his head and grinned, watching the long stretch of highway ahead. Finding out Chris' species could turn out to be a disappointment. He could not let that happen. No matter what, he knew he would remain friends with the young man.
They were now crossing the bay and would arrive in Houston shortly. He had no idea where to begin. All they had to go on was a name and a very old address. It was a big city with thousands of people. He didn't even know if she was human or werewolf. Where does one begin to find one single person in such a large city?
The buildings grew taller as they neared the downtown area on I-10. Traffic was in full force, as it was rush hour.
"Wow. I've never seen a place so big. There must be a million cars. This is great! What are we gonna do first?"
Chris was mesmerized. Spending his youthful years in a small, country town had neglected to teach him what the rest of the world was like. He was excited to be away and couldn't wait to get his feet on the ground.
"We can spend our time playing or we can get to work. You want women and alcohol, or do you want to find out where you came from?"
Malcolm became serious now. Chris didn't even have to consider the options.
"I wanna know who I am. Let's do this."
His mentor was pleased with his decision.
"Good. There will be time for pleasure later. Right now, we have a mother to find."
He continued to the west side, just outside of the loop. The place had changed quite a bit since the last time he was here. The major shopping areas and restaurants remained but the housing areas looked a little run down.
"We'll get a room and drop our bags. Then we'll hit the streets. Get a feel of what we're dealing with here."
Chris didn't understand what that meant but he would soon find out. The room they chose smelled musty and the furniture was worn.
"You've gotta be kidding me."
Chris was not happy.
"Doesn't matter what it looks like. It's a place to sleep and shower. That's all."
Chris dropped his duffel and checked out the bathroom.
"I guess it'll do."
He flipped the air conditioner to high and they locked up.

They set out on foot.
"This is lesson number one."
Malcolm was eager to begin Chris' training. Chris appeared confused.
"Your biggest asset and most sensative ability sits on your face."
He look over at Chris while pointing at his own.
"Your nose. The ability to scent your prey does not always come naturally. You must train the olfactory bulb to detect odor. Odors that a human nose could not. Animal odors. Were-animals, to be exact."
Chris lifted his chin up and flared his nostrils, inhaling a big whiff of stench.
"Yuk! What the hell is that?"
Malcolm laughed aloud.
"That, my friend, is the city. And I think you need to be a bit more discrete. People will think something is wrong with you. Never bring attention to yourself. And don't sniff. Watch me."
Chris stared at Malcolm's nose trying to figure out what he was doing.
"I don't see anything."
"You're not supposed to. I've opened my nasal passages to separate the odors. Here, try this."
He posted himself next to a man while waiting for a crossing signal, quietly giving Chris instructions.
"Obtain my scent, then move to this man's. Tell me what you find."
Chris did as told, this time taking care not to be so conspicuous. Once the light changed, they stepped off the curb and away from earshot.
"You smell normal. He smelled like soap, aftershave and I think tobacco. And kind of musty too. Like he needs a shower or something."
Malcolm nodded in agreement.
"Good. Just one thing. I do not smell normal. It seems normal to you because you have spent so much time with the pack. Our odor is wolf odor. Very distinct. No other animal will smell the same. Remember it. Store it. Was the other man human?"
Chris stumbled over his own feet.
"What do you mean, is he human? Of course he's human. Isn't he?"
"You tell me."
Chris thought about. Pulled the scent back in and closed his eyes.
"Human. Definitely human."
Malcolm clapped him on the back.
"Good. Now it is your job to perfect your tracking ability. Learn every scent you encounter. Memorize it. Store it. The next time you come upon it, you will know exactly what it belongs to."
"Just one question." Chris hesitated. "What else could he have been?"
Malcolm did not answer. The were-world was massive and Chris had only experienced a small portion of what was out there. He didn't feel this was the time or place for explanation. Chris would encounter others soon enough. For now, focus was on finding his birth mother.
The walking had worked up an appetite in both of the men. They patronized a small Italian cafe that had been around for years. One of Malcolm's favorite.
"How is it that you know this place so well?"
Chris was curious, again.
"This is where I was born. I spent most of my younger years here before the change began. My parents were happy so far, since there was no sign of the wolf. Seems a bit ridiculous now that I know I am pureblood. Any pureblood mating will produce wolf pups. Always. I can only guess that they were trying to lead a normal, human life and I messed that up."
His face was sullen. Chris noticed the change in his body language.
"Ya, but look what you've got now. A pack filled with lots of caring people. Wolves. Whatever. Don't you like how you ended up?"
Malcolm's posture stiffened and his polished face returned.
"Of course. I am very proud of who I am and where it has led me."
"So, how did you hook up with the pack?"
Chris shoved another fork load of salad in his mouth, followed by garlic bread.
"I did not know what was happening to me. I was scared and angry. I began to wander. I wanted get as far away from this place as possible. Most of that period is a blank. All I know is that I ended up wandering the woods up north. I came upon others like me. I was afraid and hesitant. At first I bucked up, ready to fight. Then Gramps calmed me and took me in. You know how easy it is to fall for the old guy."
They both laughed at the thought.
"The older wolves nurtured, trained and guided me into the wolf I am today. I am forever thankful. I would give my life for any of them."
Chris nodded.
"And that's how you met Will?"
"Yup. We were about the same age when I came around. We butted heads a few times but ended up best friends."
Malcolm chuckled to himself.
"Actually, we were quite the pair. Always getting into trouble. We liked to terrorize the weaker pups. Show 'em who's boss, you know. Gramps tore our hides more than once."
Chris commented between bites.
"I think I would like living there."
After the waitress brought their main course items, she gave a lingering smile in Malcolm's direction.
"How do you do that? Is there some sort of glamour ability you guys have or something?"
"The ability is natural good looks, my man."
Conversation ceased while they savored the wonderful flavors. You can't come between a man and his food. Malcolm deposited a sizable tip on the table and left with a phone number in his pocket.
"You're really gonna have to teach me that one."
Tomorrow would be a busy first full day. The plan was to search the county records for Muriel Stockton. Malcolm pulled his laptop from the bag and powered up. A little research on line would help as well. Chris listened to the keyboard rattling away and became bored. He flipped on the TV to find the news announcing the latest murder victims and auto accidents. A high-speed chase followed that was currently in progress.
"Looks like this might not be the ideal place to live."
"It's not so bad. They only air the bad stuff. Tends to draw in human viewers for some reason. Maybe it makes their own life seem not so bad after all."
The keys continued to rattle. Malcolm held an intent look on the screen.
"You finding anything over there?"
Chris was anxious for any information. Just some little something that could lead them to his birth mother.
"Not yet. There are three counties that intersect this city. Luckily, everything we can find out at the courthouse is available here. Public access. Amazing, the difference between a small town and a big city."
Chris moved over to take a seat beside him. He typed in the name and a long list came up; both of Muriel and of Stockton. Narrowing it down did not come as easily. When putting the two names together, nothing came up.
"This is odd. There must be explanation."
"Where do we start?"
Malcolm thought about it for a moment.
"We do some networking. Out there. In the neighborhoods. Maybe we'll come across somebody who knows or has heard of her. We'll frequent places that are age appropriate. Hopefully, we'll get a hit."
Sleep did not come easily that night. Chris tossed and turned trying to find rest. When sleep did come, it definitely was not restful.

Chapter 15

The cold water chilled him to the bone, weighing his clothes. He kicked his legs and stretched his arms with all his might, fatigue creeping in. The monster on the far side shore stood watching him, anticipating the chase. He knew if the beast entered the water, his life would end. He would have no defense against its strength. He had mere yards to travel before reaching safety on the other side. His breath came in short pants, muscles aching and nearing failure. Inch by inch he approached the security of land, the river floor nearing. When hope arose, he heard the distinctive sound of water splashing as the reptile slithered in.
Panic filled his being as he flailed at the mucky wetness. His body was failing him and despair set in. He looked back to estimate distance between himself and the monster but distance could not be measured. It had disappeared beneath the surface, leaving a swirling trail.The beast was the hunter and he was its prey.
He could no longer hold himself above. His body had given out and movement ceased. He tread water for seconds before going under. His lungs engulfed the thickness, causing him to grasp for the surface and gasp for air. His chest burned immense. Anger took over. He released a mighty roar to the starlit sky before submerging once again.
Pain shot through his leg as enormous teeth sank deep into the flesh, grasping onto bone. The animal dove for the river bottom, rolling over and over again. He flailed helplessly at nothing. The grip was tremendous, unrelenting. Death was near.
A silent calm took over. His body began to tremble. His muscles rippled under the skin. His bones popped and cracked as the transformation began.Canines protruded from his jowl, nails grew in length, sharpening to a fierce point.

"Chris, wake up! Chris!"
Malcolm shook his body harshly in attempt to wake the dream.
"Come on, young wolf! Control yourself!"
Chris' eyes opened, focusing on Malcolm's face. He was in an obvious panic. Malcolm held strong to his shoulders, pinning him to the mattress. His head turned from side to side, taking in the environment of the rented room. He breathed deep, realizing he was not drowning. Soon, his body calmed and he relaxed in relief.
"I'm alive."
"Yes."
"It felt so real."
"Yes."
Malcolm was reluctant to tell him about the shifting. If a mere dream could trigger the act, it had made finding his birth mother even more important. He was rattled. He sat on the edge of the bed, head in hands, troubled by the event.
"You're worried. I was shifting in my dream. But it was real wasn't it?"
Malcolm looked into Chris' eyes and nodded his head.
"I could not wake you. I was terrified."
Chris had risen now and retrieved a bottled water, chugging it immediately.
"Did I look normal? I mean, was the process going like it should?"
Malcolm thought about it.
"Yes. But it's the completion and follow-thru that worries me."
"Look, I'm strong. And I welcome the change. That should count for something."
"Do not take this lightly. You could die, Chris. I am not capable of dealing with that."
He rose and shut himself inside the bathroom. Sounds of water falling from the shower head emitted.
"He loves me."
Chris grinned to himself, turning on the morning television news. So far, no tragedy occurred. Just bumper to bumper traffic on every street, road and highway. The anchor talked about something called a 'feeder' road. He had no idea what that meant but they were packed as well.
"Hey, Malcolm! There's a county fair this weekend. We should go."
He heard the distinct sound of the shower curtain being drawn aside. Moments later, Malcolm emerged with a towel around his middle, daubing his hair with another.
"Damn. If I was a girl I think my twat might have just twitched. How the hell you get muscles like that?"
"Let's keep that comment to ourselves, shall we? The muscles come with the lifestyle, and a lot of hard work in the gym."
"Well, I'm halfway there already. Check this out."
Chris stood and flexed his abs, groaning at the strain. A day couldn't pass without Malcolm getting a chuckle from his antics.
"Ya, ya. You're the man, Chris. You're the man."

 ~ ~ ~

"I will not stand by and let them get away with the murder of my wolf!"
William paced the room, unable to get a grip on his anger.
"They didn't do it, William. It was Hanna. Only Hanna. And she's dead."
He stopped and faced his mate.
"This is our way, Jen. We are responsible for the actions of a family member. Regardless of what you think is right or wrong, this is how it works. I am Alpha. Pack leader. My decisions are not to be questioned!"
That's not really the thing you want to say to your girlfriend when she's hormonal.
"You can't tell me..."
"Enough! You are my mate. I grow tired of this continual conversation. As my mate, you may not agree with my choices but you will not question my authority."
Okay, that shut me up. When will I ever realize that I can't argue with a wolf? I think I may have pushed him just a wee bit too far this time. Worse part is, he's probably right. I don't know how their world thinks. Shoot, I don't know much of anything about their world. I fell in love with the man, not the animal. So the two are really one, I know. I suppose I will simply have to find a way to involve myself without getting involved. Easier said than done.
William was in the process of planning their revenge on the leopards. He had called Gramps to rally a group that would make the trip. He wanted only wolves that were capable. He was not willing to lose any others. Not this time. They would go in, destroy the target, and leave alive. Each and every one of them. The cats had invaded his area twice, and twice had caused havoc. This time fatal. It was time to show them exactly who they were dealing with.
"You sure you want to do this, son? You really want to take the chance on creating an all out war with their kind?"
"I am not starting a war. I'm finishing it."
Gramps rubbed his chin, holding the phone to his ear.
"I understand your reasons. The loss of a pack member is never easy. Just make sure that you make your decisions logically, not emotionally."
William had been taught decision making during his raising. This was one quality that formed him into the Alpha he became. He understood the enormity of invading another were's territory. Bringing death to a wolf without retaliation would only give them the impression of weakness. And the wolves were anything but weak.
"It is not from emotion. I loved Jonas as my little brother and mourn his loss. But I know how to separate the two. I must maintain our reputation. They must pay for the actions of Darius and Hanna. Otherwise, our wolves appear feeble. We are fierce and ferocious. It is time the cats feel our wrath."
Gramps nodded his head in agreement.
"I'll gather 'em up. How many will you need?"

"He knows what he's doing, Jen."
Abbey came to William's defense.
"He is the best Alpha I know. I trust his decisions fully. I feel what he does inside. We have no court system or jail. Can't you understand that if all were-animals were allowed to kill without retribution, our world would be at constant war. Even your race would be in danger. It could easily lead to extinction as well. William is judge and jury. His law is our law."
When put like that I suppose I have no argument. Humans have created a justice system that is supposed to work, more often than not. We rely on our police officers to make arrests of the bad guys. We rely on lawyers to defend us. We rely on judges to condemn the criminals. In the were-world, they rely on brute strength. Given the option, I would have chosen the wolves to befriend for sure! I looked inside myself and realized, William is the best. He will do what needs to be done without jeopardizing his pack. He will come back to me alive. He always does.
As soon as that thought crossed my mind, I understood why I'm always so defiant of him. I'm scared to death that he will die. His world is dangerous. They fight to the death, not just until somebody taps out. And he has many good wolves at his side. Malcolm would give his life for his Alpha. Not that I wanted to lose Malcolm either. Oh no! Malcolm would not be there. I hurried to find William.
"I have no time to argue with you now."
I lowered my head in guilt.
"I'm not here to argue, William. I understand now. This is your justice system and it's not my place to interfere. I'm sorry I gave you crap. You are Alpha. You are my fiancé and I love you deeply. I will support your decisions and stay home worrying like any other woman would."
I tried to give him a smile but it took some effort. He came to put his arms around me.
"I apologize for raising my voice. I never mean to hurt your feelings."
I squeezed him tighter.
"You are brave and strong. From what I hear, you're the best. But what happens if your best isn't good enough? You need protection. You need your Beta by your side. Malcolm is away. Who will be there in his place?"
I felt his shoulders sag in the slightest.

~ ~ ~

Malcolm and Chris spent their day in the public records office, only to come up empty handed.
"There has to be a way to find her."
Chris was beginning to lose hope.
"Do not give up yet. It has only been two days. We will find her."
It was a big city with thousands of people. Chris couldn't imagine how they were going to dig up one person.
"In the meantime, let's go enjoy ourselves."
Malcolm gave a sideways sneer. Chris understood that look. They high-fived and headed toward the truck.
It was evening time when they reached Fort Bend county. The colorful lights from the fair rides lit up the sky. Chris watched the ferris wheel turn slowly as they approached. With the windows down he could hear laughter and squeals from high above. The smell of fried everything instantly filled his nostrils.
"Man, I can't wait to taste all that fattening stuff. Candied apples, cotton candy, corn dogs, funnel cake. I'm getting one of everything!"
Malcolm enjoyed seeing the child side come out in his friend. It had been quite some time since he had patronized a county fair as well. Would do them both some good to have a little fun. The truck bounced along the muddy field until he found a spot to park. Chris was out and moving before he even cut the engine.
"Wait for me, amigo!"
Malcolm had to double-step to catch up.
"There's gonna be so many chicks here. You can have my leftovers. You may have muscles but I got skills!"
They bought a wristband pass that allows entry to each ride. Malcolm had no intention of getting on any of those death traps but he took one anyway to humor Chris. His pearly whites were gleaming as they did the first walk through. Malcolm observed as Chris' eyes darted from person to person, his olfactory bulb working without him even realizing. The subtle flare of his nostrils brought it to Malcolm's attention. Every now and then, Chris would pause in attempt to figure out the scent.
"Texan's scent isn't the same."
"Tell me what you sense."
Chris forgot about the surrounding girls for that moment. He began a slow pace, absorbing his surroundings.
"It's musty, dirty almost. But, sweet. Human sweet."
"I think you may be getting a whiff of that along with the people."
Malcolm motioned toward a huge tent off to the side, filled with cattle, swine and horses. Couldn't have a Texas county fair without giving blue ribbons for the animals so proudly raised here.
"Damn! That's gotta be the biggest pig I ever saw."
Chris was amazed. He moved toward the pink snout, taking in the worse smell a wolf could imagine. He stood in awe of the animal.
"I wonder how many meals that thing will provide."
"It's not a pig. It's a hog. And he won't be on anybody's dinner table if I can help it."
Malcolm and Chris both startled at the voice behind them.
"I've raised him since he was born. We win a blue ribbon every year. His name is Wasabi."
Chris giggled.
"What kind of name is Wasabi? Isn't that some sort of root?"
"Yes, as a matter of fact it is. Because he rooted around in the dirt so much I named him that. I think it sounds very masculine."
She jutted her chin forward in pride.
"Massive is more like it. How much does he weigh?"
"327 pounds. All lean muscle. He's still young though. And I don't let him lay around lazy. We work out daily."
Malcolm could not imagine what type of workout routine could be established for a hog. He put out his hand to her.
"My name is Malcolm, this is Chris. Congratulations on your win."
She shook his hand and proudly grinned.
"I'm Bethany. You guys aren't from around here, are ya?"
Chris shook his head.
"Nooooo. But I have to say, this part of Texas looks more like home than Houston does."
"Let me guess, you're southern boys. Georgia maybe?"
"Bama."
"Same difference. I live here in Rosenberg but I raised Wasabi at my dad's place in Wallis. He has a farm there. Most of my family lives out there too."
Malcolm decided it was time to get moving.
"Well, it was very nice to meet you, Bethany. Maybe we'll run into you again sometime."
The young girl said her goodbyes and threw some corncobs into the stall for her hog. He crunched them happily and found a spot to sprawl his enormous body. Malcolm and Chris headed back toward the activity.
"I'm not sure I'll be able to smell anything but poop now."
But as soon as he got a whiff of the cotton candy vendor, that statement changed. He gorged himself as promised, feeling no remorse.
"Malcolm! You gotta get one of these."
He approached waving a gigantic turkey leg in the air.
"This is the best fried turkey leg I ever tasted! Actually, it's the only one I've ever tasted but it's delicious. We gotta cook some of these back home. The pack will go crazy over them."
He wiped the dripping grease from his chin with his shirt sleeve. The other hand held onto a large ear of corn, butter dripping from the husk.
"You won't crap for a week after eating this junk."
"Ya, but who cares? This is great!"
It was the perfect ending to the perfect meal when finding the beer tent.
"You gotta be kidding me! They would never allow alcohol at the county fair back home. We definitely gotta move the pack here."
Chris guzzled his first bottle in seconds and quickly replaced it with another. One thing about being a were-animal, alcohol doesn't have the same affect as it does on humans. This would explain why he had observed the wolves drinking habits and wondered why he could never keep up. Though with his new-found heritage, that was slowly changing. He had drank four beers before Malcolm reminded him not to bring attention to their differences.
"Oh ya, sorry. I'll pay more attention. Now that I'm a superhuman werewolf, I gotta watch what I do a little closer."
"We do not know that yet."
"You may not but I know it. I'm a werewolf. I can feel it. I think I even feel the pads in my palm. Here, feel em."
He held out his hands toward Malcolm.
"That's okay, dude. I'm not rubbing your hands out here in public. I'll take your word for it."
"Gosh, Malcolm. I never took you for the homophobic type."
He laughed and walked away, leaving Malcolm to compose himself. Chris made his way from one girl to the next, making each one giggle and blush. He finally made his selection and they climbed on a ride called the Zipper. The guy locked them in a green metal cage and the fun began. The loud music started and the contraption rose upward.
"Ah, this ride sucks. It's going too sloooooow!"
Chris yelled out as the enclosure spun round. Everytime the wheel made a rotation, the metal cage flipped on an axis. Screams emitted from all twelve boxes. He held on with all his might in effort to remain seated. He was not aware that the belt across his chest and lap held well enough. The girl beside him screamed and giggled. He grasped the steel bar in front of him with both hands. His knuckles were white from straining. A low rumble formed in his chest. He was in an anxious state, close to panic. His teeth clenched tight as the cage flipped and spun. His stomach turned and he held his breath.
Just when he thought he would let loose of all the food he had ingested, the music ended and the amusement came to an end. The metal screeched as they rocked to and fro. When he looked over at his companion, she stared wide-eyed directly at him. At first he thought it was from the frightening ride but then he looked toward what she saw. The metal bar that he held on to was mangled from his grip. He thought quickly to mend the situation.
"Cheap piece of junk. I knew this thing was a death trap. Are you okay?"
She only nodded. When he reached for her hand, she flinched from reach. He said nothing. There was nothing he could say. When the door opened, she leapt from within and disappeared into the crowd. 
Malcolm was waiting at the exit and noticed the despair on Chris' face.
"Maybe we should take it easy for a while. You're right. I'm not ready. I can't control this thing. It's happening too often now. I'm not even aware of it when it comes."
He looked desperately to Malcolm.
"You have to teach me. You have to now. It's gonna happen regardless. I need to know how to make it through this thing. I'm scared."
The time had come. His mentor realized there was no other choice. They could no longer prevent the inevitable. The only thing he could do now is to prepare Chris for the phasing process. The occurrences came so often, he wasn't sure how much time they had.
"We need to find a place that's more private to stay in while we are here. I'll check the rental listings tomorrow. Until then, try to take it easy."

Chapter 16

The regional wolves were scheduled to arrive today and my stomach was in knots. Gramps had chose ten of his best qualified but somehow that didn't seem good enough for me. You know, there's nothing wrong with a woman worrying about the man she loves. Everybody does it. It's normal, human or wolf. In my case, I am expected to worry silently. I can do that. Sure I can.
Abbey had been bustling around the house all morning, making sure everything was just so. She wanted to make a good impression on our guests, being she is the female Alpha. Apparently she wouldn't appear fierce and strong if her pack house was messy. Go figure.
I found my place in a chair, kicked back reading a book, paying her no mind. William had driven to the airport to pick up the first load. They were only going to be here for three days and then would deploy for engagement with the leopards. My stomach lurched just thinking about it. I heard the vehicle pull up and gathered myself for presentation. When the front door opened, I couldn't believe my eyes.
"So, where will I be sleeping?"
She stood, Michael Kors bag in hand, looking around the place as if it were a hovel. Cassie. I rolled my eyes and flopped back onto the chair. I opened the book, no particular page, and pretended to read again. Abbey didn't take the same attitude.
"You have got to be kidding me. Is she really staying here, William?"
"Nice to see you too, Abbey."
Cassie pranced in as if she owned the place. She spotted me and humphed, turning her back in my direction, and continued to nose around.
"Where is the new little wolf? The cute one with those adorable brown eyes."
She was obviously referring to Chris. I took pleasure in answering.
"He's not here. You'll have to find someone else to sink your claws into."
A huge grin plastered across her face in red lipstick.
"Not William!"
My boyfriend came to her aid before the situation had a chance to escalate.
"I am sure Cassie will remain well behaved during her stay here. You two try to play nice."
Abbey and I glared behind her as William led the way to her room. We exchanged a girl look that meant she better not get out of line.
"Well, wasn't that a pleasant surprise? Why would Gramps send her?"
"As much as it pains me to say it, she's a pretty powerful wolf. Once in the midst of battle, Cassie can throw down. She can't take me, of course, but she's good."
Great. Not only was she beautiful, successful and a werewolf, now she's a badass as well. There's just no competing with this chick. I take that back, I have the upper hand in one area. William loves me.

~ ~ ~

Malcolm and Chris were lazily walking the fairgrounds, taking in the familiar scents as well as the not-so-familiar ones. Testing Chris' new-found ability.
"Sheweeeee! I know that's not a normal scent. What the hell is that?"
Chris pinched his nose and looked to Malcolm for an answer. His nostrils flared in the slightest. Only an experienced shifter would be able to notice, and Chris noticed.
"Oops. Sorry man." He waved his hand back and forth to fan his backside. "Fried foods do that to me."
Chris' eyes grew in amazement.
"No way! There is no way that was a fart!"
Malcolm chuckled and kept walking. It was fun messing with his friend. But the true identity of the odor was definitely not a normal human smell. It only smelled that badly to Chris because of his heightened were-animal ability. He searched the diminishing crowd for a face to put with it. No one appeared suspicious, no one appeared to be avoiding his eyesight. Wherever it came from, or whom it came from, was long gone.
"Hey, Malcolm! Check this out."
The sound of Chris' voice brought him back to the moment. He was standing in front of a large tent, reading the sign in front.
"I thought these things weren't legal anymore. Like it was inhumane or demoralizing or something."
The sign advertised a 'real live wolfman' and encouraged them to come in and take a look.
"Only six tickets to get in. I suppose that would be a fair price to pay if someone is into gawking at someone else simply for pleasure. What do you think it really is?"
It had piqued their curiosity for sure. Malcolm did not know who would enable humans to view him in wolf form, if in fact it was a wolf. And if it were, he would put an immediate stop to the performance. Being outed in the human world was the last thing he would allow to happen.
"Let's go check it out."
There was another flap of hanging canvas providing privacy for the wolfman. They had to walk a makeshift hallway around the wall before entering the open area where the exhibition was perched. Malcolm decided to give Chris a shot at determining whether or not they had indeed discovered another werewolf.
"Holy crap! Have you lost your mind? Where is your pack leader? Does he know this is going on?"
Before Malcolm could stop him, Chris had made a beeline for the semi-phased wolf. The man's eyes grew large in surprise before he jumped from the chair. Chris grabbed him by the arm and whirled him back around.
"Do you have any idea the danger you have put the wolves in? Humans cannot know!"
Malcolm was now in position to intervene, proud of his student for recognizing the were-animal. The man had hidden his wolf now and stood in complete human form before them.
"I am sure you are aware of the consequences should you be discovered by the human world."
Malcolm's size and demeanor was intimidating on its own, not to mention the tone of his deep voice and leering eyes. The man responded with a hint of alarm.
"Who are you guys?"
"Doesn't matter who we are, who are you?"
"Look, the humans never figure it out. They laugh and try to decide how I got my makeup to look so real. Sometimes they even throw things at me, as if I would try to attack or something. It's really kinda funny. We gotta make a living somehow around here."
He smiled but did not receive the same gesture in return. Malcolm was angry with him and wanted some answers.
"Where is your pack?"
At this point, he was more than willing to answer. He invited the two to join them at a local bar where the pack would be hanging out later on that night.
"The community is small. They don't know anything. You won't tell my Alpha what I was doing, will ya? I promise it won't happen again."
Malcolm shook his hand, taking his word as truth.

"Did you hear him? He thinks I'm like him. I told you I was a wolf!"
Chris was looking at himself in the visor mirror, turning his face from side to side.
"I bet it's the eyes. I have pretty ferocious eyes, wouldn't you say?"
He looked to Malcolm for confirmation.
"It is not how we look. Just like when you recognized him. It is not his features, it is much more subtle than that. We have a familiar aura about us."
"Ya, ya. An aura. That's how I knew he was a werewolf. So I guess I have an aura too then. A wolf aura. Right?"
Malcolm didn't know if it was wolf aura or not. They still had not determined the origin of Chris' shifting gene. He hated to keep reminding him of that. He didn't want to bring his spirit down or disappoint him. It was good to know that he was accepting of his difference. Actually, even excited about it. Hopefully Chris would not be resistant should he end up being of another species.
"Just keep an open mind, Chris."
They rode in silence for the remainder of the drive. They reached their destination, wondering if they were in the right place. It appeared to be an oversized lean-to made of tin. Had there not been so many vehicles parked in front, along with music sounding from the inside, Malcolm would have thought he made a wrong turn somewhere.
"You sure this is it? I've never seen any bar that looked like this before."
Chris had a bewildered look on his face. At just that moment, the front door banged open and a girl stumbled out. She had obviously had a smidgen too much to drink. This theory confirmed when she tossed her cookies all over the side of the nearest pickup.
"Ha! Good thing you didn't park up close, Malcolm."
Another girl, appearing to be the responsible one, followed behind. Unfortunately, a bit too late. They watched her comfort the inebriated girl and assist her to the back seat of a car where she instantly passed out. 
"It really sucks being the mature one all the time."
She brushed at her pant legs and then stood with hands on hips.
"Now. What can I do for you two fine...holey moley! You guys are them!"
Malcolm looked to Chris for explanation of her unusual statement.
"She was expecting us."
"Tommy told us all about you. We don't get many visitors out here. Nice to meet you. I'm Cheryl."
She held out her hand in greeting.
"Come on in and meet the gang. Have a beer. Mingle!"
Chris leaned into Malcolm and whispered with a giggle.
"Isn't she the bubbly one."
"I heard that. You should know we can hear whispering."
He wasn't one to embarrass easily but he blushed at the mishap.
"Sorry. I didn't mean to be rude."
"No harm done."
The party was in full swing inside. A pool table, darts, cards, dominos and lots of beer. Mostly male werewolves and a few human girls for entertainment purposes. Cheryl led them to the bar and ordered a beer each.
"This is pretty much it. We don't get much action around here. We just kind of keep the place rid of other shifters. There's Tommy over there."
She waved and he lifted his beer in gesture. She nodded toward another guy beside Tommy.
"That's Patrick. Both of them are my brothers."
Malcolm's eyebrows raised in question.
"I know, I know. I'm not wolf. Somehow I missed the gene. Go figure. But it's all right. I take care of the boys and they take care of me."
She was all of maybe five foot two, possibly a hundred pounds. But her smile radiated throughout the room and her personality lifted her another inch or so. After being introduced around, Malcolm found himself seeking out their Alpha.
"That would be John. He doesn't hang out here. He doesn't even drink for that matter. Also, our oldest brother. He'll want to meet you. Hey!" She whirled around in excitement. "You guys want to come over tomorrow? We're having a barbecue. Nothing like good ole Texas brisquette!"
Chris would never turn down food.
"I'm game. Any girls gonna be there?"
Just then, Cheryl caught sight of his eyes. She stepped closer.
"You're different. What are you?"
Chris bowed his chest out and replied.
"I'm a wolf. Well, sort of. I'm something but we don't know what yet. But I'm pretty sure it's wolf."
"Interesting."
Feeling uncomfortable now, Chris moved into the crowd and picked up in a game of dominos. Malcolm took the time to explain their situation to her. She seemed to understand.
"No problem. John will find her for ya. In the meantime, have a little fun."
She darted away to clean up a mess here and there while the werewolves enjoyed themselves. Malcolm took a place at the bar and held conversation with one person or another as they approached him. They all seemed friendly enough. He was a pretty good judge of character and decided that finding this pack had been an asset. His shoulders relaxed and he ordered another beer.

"I think we hit the jackpot. I bet they'll be able to track my birth mother and then we'll know where I came from."
Chris was enthusiastic. Last night had brought new hope in finding out his heritage.
"I am sure they will provide whatever help we need. They seem to be friendly. I did not feel any tension in the room."
"Do you always look for the bad stuff to happen?"
"I am careful. Alert. You will have to learn to be the same. Were-animals are not always what they appear on the surface. Don't forget how Hanna used your friend to get what she wanted. That was supposed to be you, you know. What if she had found you first? Would you be lying in a box underground instead of Jonas?"
Chris understood the depth of Malcolm's caution. Living with the wolf pack had opened his eyes to a whole new world. Exciting as it was, he knew there would always be danger awaiting around every corner from now on. It was supposed to be him dead, not Jonas.
"I know. I do. As soon as we figure out what I am, we can be more specific about training."
He turned to look Malcolm in the eyes.
"Look, I know I have a playful attitude most of the time but I understand. I will do whatever you tell me, learn everything you teach me, practice my abilities every day. I promise."
They followed the directions Cheryl had given to Wallis. The town, if you can even call it that, consisted of one gas station, a post office that was open on Monday and Thursday only, a washateria (that's a laundromat for those of you who didn't know), and three tiny stores that sold anything from antique junk to used clothing. Other than that, there was one caution light and a railroad track that followed alongside the main street.
The winding country road led them past a Catholic church complete with cemetery, a few single family homes, and lots and lots of open field. They soon came upon the dirt road that centered their destination. The first house on the corner was an old, white wooden house with a sagging front porch. The paint was peeling extensively, giving a gray appearance and the roof looked as if it would cave in at any moment. Behind the house was a pond scattered with household discard, a rusted refrigerator and a car's back seat, accented with torn leather. Next in line stood a very small mobile home with a fenced dog pen in back. The grass had worn away where a vehicle pulls in to park.
Tommy lived in the next mobile home, though it was a more recent model and much more pleasing to the eye. Cars were parked askew out front and several people stood around, beer in hand. The large barrel grill was in full force. Malcolm pulled into the nearest spot available and shut off the engine. All eyes were on the two newcomers.
Tommy manned the grill, wearing a protective kitchen apron. He waved a spatula in their direction, welcoming his new friends. Before they had the chance to feel uncomfortable, Cheryl bound out from the front door and raced toward them. Her arms were flailing in a spasmatic motion.
"Hey ya'll! Get out, come on in!"
When a group of girls rounded the corner to the backyard, a gigantic grin covered Chris' face. He clapped Malcolm on the shoulder.
"See ya round. Got work to do."
He followed the young ladies and within minutes, gushing giggles emerged.
"He's quite the little charmer, isn't he?"
"Yes. He has a reputation with the ladies back home. Actually, everywhere we go."
Malcolm kept silent the fact that women flocked to his side as well.
"He's in good hands. Come on in and meet my brother, John. I told him about your situation. He has some ideas."
John and Patrick were seated at the kitchen table discussing pack matters. After introductions and handshakes, Malcolm seated himself alongside the two.
"It is such a big city, I am at my wits end trying to figure out how to find this woman."
"Not to worry, my friend. Patrick here has lots of connections."
Patrick nodded.
"Don't worry. We'll find her."
His voice was scruffy and he was much taller than his siblings. It was evident that he was the muscle and John was the brains. Matter of fact, this pack was like none other that he had encountered. It did not appear to be as structured and definite. As if they all just did their own thing without rules or order. Then John went to the window and called out, changing Malcolm's opinion.
"Hey, Joe! Grab a couple of guys and go check the parameter."
"Sure thing, boss."
So they truly did acknowledge John as their Alpha but inbetween they were simply themselves. Living as humans. Hmm. Interesting concept. Malcolm was curious.
"Is there a concern?"
"Not just yet. We've spotted a couple of Mexican grays. Not sure what their intention was but I decided we should keep an eye on them. We don't mind visitors. It's just that they didn't present themselves and we have a pact between other clans. If either of us should have business in another's known territory, we simply let them know of its nature and all is good."
The Mexican gray wolf is a subspecies of the gray wolf, found in western Arizona and southern New Mexico. The natural gray wolf fed on deer and elk, eventually leading to attacks on cattle and sheep. Humans gave extensive effort to rid their plains of the gray wolf in order to save their animals. This led to near extinction. Humans had no idea that werewolves were derived from this species, which brought fear to their pack as well, causing them to relocate to Mexico.
"It's just been recently that we figure they might be intending on expanding into this country."
Werewolves are not ones to deny others of a different kind. They are friendly enough to one another but wolves are a pack animal. And there can only be one pack, and one pack leader. Thus, leading to a feud if not addressed right away.
"Depending on their intentions, we might have a fight on our hands."
Chapter 17

The rest of the ten werewolves arrived and they all spent the next two days preparing for battle. I didn't see much of William during that time, but I kept a close eye on him. With Cassie running around the house, I had to ensure she kept her proper distance. There was one instance when I almost intervened during a practice grappling out back. Abbey, alerted to my emotions, quickly stepped in and explained what was going on. I wasn't use to another woman being allowed to roll around on the ground with my boyfriend. Good thing Abbey was able to keep a cool head, otherwise I just might have had to teach that creature a lesson.
"You shouldn't worry so much, Jenson. This is not a pleasure trip. William will remain focused and expect the same of the wolves. I think I can safely say that you have nothing to be concerned about this time. Besides, I have lots of ideas that will keep your mind occupied while they are gone."
Great. Abbey time is never a pleasure for me. She enjoys all that girly stuff that I'm just not into. Looking through the glass at Cassie, maybe I should employ the use of my femininity a bit more.
"If you can make me enviable, like her, then I'm all for it."
Holly had returned from North Dakota as well. She didn't seem like herself anymore. She moped around with an air of sadness about her. She continued to perform her duties as usual but she just didn't seem to have the same gleam in her eyes. I couldn't blame her. Losing the man you love must be heart-wrenching. Only time would make her feel better. But Holly had something else in mind.
Wendy was chosen to accompany William as well. At least there would be another girl along. You would think that would make me feel better.
"None of the girls like her. You have nothing to worry about. I'll make sure she keeps her fangs to herself. So, what's up with Chris? He promised to anybody?"
I observed Abbey cringe in the slightest. We looked at each other and back at Wendy. Abbey was the one who responded.
"No. He is not seeing anyone...special. He plays the field, that's for sure."
Wendy didn't recognize the facetious tone in Abbey's voice.
"Great! I had a good time with him back home. I was disappointed when I found out he wasn't going to be here. Oh well, maybe they'll be back by the time we return."
"Maybe."
I glanced at Abbey and saw the discontent in her eyes. I quickly changed the subject when Wendy disappeared.

He would be leaving in a few hours. I found myself watching him shower through the steamy glass door, feeling sad and empty. I leaned against the door facing, sipping from my coffee mug, wondering if this would be our last night together. Ever. Wondering if the love of my life would safely return home to me. I tried to numb myself to the growing emotions but to no avail. Everytime I looked at him I was reminded just how much he truly meant to me.
I continued to watch him as he lathered his muscular form. Would Cassie be given the opportunity to observe such a performance? Had she already? I remembered being jealous of Abbey when we first met. I know now that I worried for no reason. With this wolf, I am given reason. She has an agenda. She wants William. She can give him something that I cannot. Wolf pups from a pure bloodline. There had to be a way to prevent it. Eventually, he would break. He is strong, but a man can be weakened when taunted with sex and lust. I had to ensure that he would remember what we have together and what he would be sacrificing should he succumb to her advances.
"William."
His movement halted.
"I did not know you were standing there. Join me."
I stepped closer toward him but kept my distance. It was easy for me to cave when it comes to his gorgeous body.
"I was thinking we could take a walk."
"A walk?"
I nodded and turned, leaving him with a coy grin to think about. Then I swished away using the best sexy walk I could come up with. You know, I've tried things here and there to be more feminine for him. Shoot, I even walked around in lacy underwear and high heels. One would think that was effort enough. Why do I find myself once again attempting to be someone I'm not? I was never the insecure type before William came along. I knew from the beginning he was out of my league. For the life of me, I can't understand why he wants me.
I left a trail of clothing through the woods so that he could track me. I suppose his wolf senses would have sufficed but...I was trying to be sexy! I lay naked on a bed of pine needles, feeling very vulnerable and shy. There was no hiding now. If any of the other wolves were out, I had just given them a show not to be forgotten.
He came along the path, a bundle in his arms and a grin across his face. My embarrassment diminished as I instantly became anxious for him to join me. He dropped the clothes to the ground and slowly began to unbutton his shirt. Oh my. I could feel my groin erupt in flames. The shirt slid to the ground and his hands moved to the fly of his jeans. He sure knew how to wear a pair of jeans.
He stood naked before me, manhood at the ready. Moonlight danced across his tanned skin. There was a slight breeze causing the foliage and limbs to dance around him. He stepped slowly toward me, his eyes never leaving mine. When he arrived at my side, I watched him from my position on the ground. He towered above me, traditionally masculine and strong. He crouched at my side, deliberately unhurried. I reached to touch his hand, caressing the skin with my fingers.
"I want you to shift."
William's body tensed.
"I cannot."
I took his hand in mine.
"Not completely. I just...I want to feel you."
He hung his head.
"I'm sorry, Jen. I cannot. I do not want to hurt you."
"You won't."
I touched his chest softly. His breathing halted for a slight second. I sat upright, moving my front toward his. When our nakedness was merely inches apart, I leaned into his neck and whispered.
"I'm not asking. Let me see you, William."
I placed feather kisses along his neck, his chest heaving in and out in pleasure.
"Show me."
I whispered the words along the curve of his shoulders, sending chills down his arm. He started to back away but I held to him tighter. I reached in, grasping around his love, moving my hand to pleasure him. The rumble in his chest came quickly.
"You do not play fair, my love."
I backed away on hands and knees, kneeling inches before him. I looked to him with pleading eyes. He needed to be his natural self. He needed to experience our love making in a way in which he was more accustomed. His body relaxed, as did his breathing. His eyes closed.
He placed his hands flat on the ground in front of him. The skin began to ripple slightly, paling to an almost gray. The nails yellowed and slowly protruded into a curving point. Small black hairs sprouted from the pores. I was spellbound and fascinated at the same time. I reached forward, placing one hand atop his. He trembled. My eyes never looked at his, for fear he may lose courage.
"Look at me, Jenson. Tell me what you see."
When I raised my eyes upward, I saw that his face had altered. The jaw projected forward, giving the appearance of a muzzle of sorts. Two eye teeth curled around his lips, his eyes shone amber in the moonlight. I reached to caress the soft hair that had formed on his skin. He tensed once again.
"I see you, William. The real you."
He had not transformed completely. He was still more human than wolf.
"I do not want to hurt you."
I moved closer and gently spoke.
"Make love to me."
I turned away, presenting him with my backside on hands and knees. He eased forward, careful not to alarm me. His hands touched my hips and I gasped softly. I felt his body form with mine from behind. He nuzzled my neck and back, creating a tingle down my spine. I braced for entry.
He tenderly slid inside, squeezing my pelvis with his hands. He paused to ensure that I was all right. I began to rock my body, allowing him freedom to penetrate. My walls responded by secreting lubricant, giving way to his size and strength. It didn't take long for William to relax, once he realized there would be no problem. His motions increased in speed, my heart beat wildly beneath him. His breath fogged in the crisp evening night.
The rumble in his chest grew louder with every thrust. I could sense his desire growing. He plunged his manhood deep within my womb, faster and harder than ever before. His nails pricked my skin as they dug into my hips. I locked my elbows, stiffening the muscles to prevent me from sliding forward with his driving force. He pound faster and faster, I met his driving force, greedily gripping his shaft with need. I was quickly nearing orgasm, my arousal strangely intensified by our new arrangement. Unintentional sounds of satisfaction released, tears of ecstasy streaming down my cheeks.
"Now, William. Now!"
He gripped me fiercely and released a thunderous growl. His shaft exploded, pouring hot animal liquid inside of me. My breath caught in my throat, my body bursting its own juices in eruption. I fell to my belly when William let go, laying on his side convulsing at the waist. His fluids continued to flow uncontrollably.
I sat erect amid the leaves and pine needles, observing his reaction. Once the tremors ceased, I reached to embrace him, revealing the blood that trickled from my hips. He bolted upright, eyes wide. His features had returned to human form now. He moved forward, carefully taking me in his arms.
"You are hurt. I will take you to Edna."
Before he could lift me into his arms I stopped him.
"No, William, I'm not hurt."
I pushed him away slightly, allowing him to observe the small punctures.
"Hold me."
We embraced affectionately, caressing each other gently. If I were a cat, I believe I could purr. I don't know what I had expected but in reality, it felt no different than any other time we were intimate. In fact, it was less severe than before. Was it possible that he could control his wolf with less effort than when he was in human form? I held his head to my breast, running my fingers through his hair.
"I love you, Jen."
I squeezed him tight.

The next morning, everyone gathered in the main living area for one last run-through. William was standing in front of the seated group when Holly walked in, duffel hanging at her side.
"I'm going with you."
She dropped the bag to the floor. William tried to be sensitive to her situation.
"Holly, we have already arranged for enough wolves and the mission has been planned. There is no need for you to go. Abbey will need you here."
She shook her head and looked into his eyes with determination.
"I'm going. It is my duty and my revenge."
"You cannot act on emotion. You would not be able to keep a clear head."
"That's what you are doing, is it not? Acting on emotion? Jonas was a part of my pack too. It is my right to protect my pack members. You are seeking vengeance just as I would be. You never hesitated before when choosing me to be at your side."
William, rubbed his chin in frustration. He knew she was right. He was acting on emotion and seeking revenge.
"You don't even know if Hanna had gone rogue. You are accusing the leopards for a crime she committed. If Curtis Dale were to slay a were-animal, should you be held responsible for his actions?"
William was at a loss for words.
"This is my pack. It is my duty to be by the side of my Alpha when in danger."
She stood her ground and William listened.
"Our revenge has been achieved. Hanna is dead. The leopards have not returned to our area, just as they promised. She was a scorned woman seeking retribution for the loss of the man she loved. She acted alone. Now we are on the verge of creating a war between the wolves and leopards. This will not end it, William. This will be the beginning."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Holly was standing up to her Alpha, respectfully enough, but she was actually causing him to second guess his decisions. You go girl!
"You know, I hate to admit the little girl is right, but she does have a point, William."
OMG! Even Cassie agreed with her.
"The cat came here seeking revenge. What happened to Jonas was meant for a human. It is almost our own fault for putting him in that situation. Even again, when Curtis Dale killed her, she was going after a human. If I heard the details correctly, she never attacked a wolf."
"She had no right to kill him!"
William lashed out in anger. Cassie, nor Holly, showed sign of cowering. He looked at them, then at the rest of the group.
"Does everyone feel this way?"
Some looked at each other, some nodded.
"Why would you agree to this mission if you felt it not justified?"
"You are Alpha. We have given our lives to the pack. We are here to follow and protect you."
"And I was willing to put your lives in danger because I mourn the loss of a pack member."
I could see that William regretted his decision as his head hung.
"These wolves would do anything you ask of them, William. You know that. They are loyal to you and their pack. Any one of them would give their life to protect you."
I moved closer and placed a hand gently on his arm.
"You should be proud that you have such a steadfast and dedicated pack."
Holly came forward and knelt at Williams's heels.
"We all mourn the loss of Jonas. It puts joy in my heart to know that if it were me instead, my Alpha would be willing to risk his life to avenge me."
Then Cassie.
"Oh, what the hell."
She came forward and joined Holly. The other wolves inched closer and soon they surrounded the two of us standing. It felt strange to me. I mean, I know all of this love was directed toward William, but I could feel it too.
"You are warriors and leaders. I am proud to have you in my pack. All of you."
I couldn't have been more relieved. After a long deliberation, William returned to announce that they would not be going. Revenge had been met the moment Hanna was dead. Instead, there would be lots of food and beer that night in celebration of a courageous and most loved wolf. Jonas. Holly winked as she passed by me, a slight grin tugging at the corner of her mouth.

~ ~ ~

"I know her. She runs the deli at my college."
All eyes fell on Bethany. She pointed at the name in front of John that Chris had written down. When she realized everyone was looking at her, she became self-conscious.
"What? I just recognized the name, that's all."
Malcolm was curious as to how she was involved with the wolf pack.
"He's my dad. I didn't get the gene either."
She pointed at Patrick and shrugged.
"Are you sure this is her name?"
"Ya, sure. She's a real nice lady. Always gives me something free cuz she knows I ain't got much money. I figure she helps everybody out like that."
John turned Alpha.
"We're gonna need you to take us to her. This is important."
"No problem. I can take you on Monday."
Chris' stomach did flipflops. Could this really be his mother? Had it been that easy to find her? The anxiety must have shown because Malcolm interrupted his thoughts.
"This is good news but we do not know for sure yet. Keep an open mind."
Chris nodded in understanding. He was excited and scared at the same time. This strange woman could possibly be his birth mother. What would he say to her? Would he even be able to form words? But it was a big city. There were several people listed with the same name. Until he was able to put eyes on her, he would try not to expect too much.
"In the meantime, I could use another beer."
Chris excused himself and joined the younger group outside. No reason not to enjoy himself. Besides, there was a cutie giving him the eye. He had never turned away from a chick before and didn't intend to start now. 
Malcolm was thankful they had run into this pack. He spent the evening talking with John and the others. Seemed as though they had a tight knit group here. Most had regular jobs as humans do. They appeared to enjoy the simple things in life. Good food, good friends and alcohol of course. There was a lot of laughter and good-natured ribbing, along with stories of remember-whens, just like back home. He found himself reminiscing over his youth. He and William had some pretty good times together.
He had just popped the top off another beer when the front door burst open. Joseph was panting from the run.
"I saw em coming. Fifteen or twenty. Maybe more. About twenty miles out from Lagrange. They're tryin to be slick but you know they can't get past me. Movin slow and stayin hid. That's how I know they're up to something."
Someone handed him a beer and he guzzled. He used the back of his hand to wipe his mouth.
"They ain't too smart coming here. Us boys been itchin for a while now. Let's go get em!"
John was quick to calm the situation.
"Hold on there, Joe. We gotta do this the right way. You go off half-cocked, not knowin what they want, only makes the situation escalate. Go on outside and gather your crew. I'll let you know when we're ready."
Country boys love a good brawl and John knew he had to keep his wolves under control. He was a good leader from what Malcolm could tell. The pack members did anything he asked of them without argument.
"Let's go see what they want. You in?"
He looked to Malcolm. He simply grinned and stood.
"Hey, if you're going so am I. I'm almost a wolf, you know."
Chris poked his chest out with pride, a grin plastered across his face. Malcolm did not like the idea of Chris getting into a scuffle under the present circumstances. He had told John of the previous episodes and he agreed that shifting could be dangerous.
"You just remember to maintain yourself. A wolf knows when and how to control his temper. No matter what you hear or see, your job is to observe. Nothing more."
Malcolm took his pickup truck, along with two others. The wolves piled in back, eager to greet the Mexican grays. The plan was to confront the pack before they entered into this area. He glanced in the rearview mirror, smiling at the hooting and laughter. This was definitely unlike any pack he had ever encountered. This was a form of entertainment to them. Excitement. Joseph yelled from the bed to Malcolm.
"Hey, Malcolm! Bring this thing by the shop next week. I'll hook you up with some heavy-duty shocks. You're gonna need em out here."
It was a forty-five minute drive to the small, country town of Lagrange. They parked at the high school and set out on foot from there.
"Aren't you worried the cops will be suspicious? I mean, parking right here and all."
Chris knew from experience that back home the police would tow any unauthorized vehicle from the school parking lots. Either that or wait for the owner to return and accuse them of something to do with alcohol or drugs.
"It's a public place. Right?"
Tommy poofed out his chest and did a cock walk toward the wooded area behind the building. Joseph looked at the newcomers, poofed out his chest and followed his cousin. Chris decided they knew what they were doing. He placed a hand on his hip and swished behind them. John shook his head in humiliation.
"Some things you just can't fix."
Malcolm chuckled and followed along. Once hidden behind the trees, they each shifted and fanned outward, covering the expansive area.
"I guess this is as far as I go."
Chris was saddened by his human form.
"No big deal. I'll wait here with you. It's not our issue anyway."
They watched the wolves slink off into the darkness. Nothing to do now but take a seat and wait. Malcolm lay back on the grass and took in the stars. Billions of tiny flickering lights suspended in space. His mind drifted away. Chris followed suit. With hands behind his head and feet crossed at the ankles, he gazed at the twinkling beauty lying overhead. His mind wandered back to the time he spent with Wendy. She hadn't minded that he was in human form. He remembered how they ran through the woods, laughing and playing. When she shifted into wolf form, he recalled how beautiful her coat was. Silky and soft, her eyes glittering. He imagined her laying beside him now, her muzzle placed gently across his chest.
It was incredibly quiet. Every now and then, a distant car could be heard in passing. Crickets chirped here and there. Even the Autumn breeze rarely rustled the leaves and branches. All of a sudden, Malcolm stiffened and came ready to act. He sat up on his elbows to focus.Chris called on his own were-senses, trying to hear whatever had alerted Malcolm.
There was a faint crumple of leaves. Just for a second and then it stopped. Could have been the wind but it came from within the woods. Malcolm focused his night vision toward the darkness. From his peripheral field of view, he caught glimpse of a shadow. It was gone just as quick. Then Chris spotted the eyes, glowing amber in the darkness, but only for a flicker of a second.
"I don't think it's our guys." Chris whispered.
"I think you are probably correct. Stay beside me."
Malcolm would have a problem protecting Chris if he were greatly outnumbered. When the gray wolves emerged from the trees, he did a silent survey. Two faced him, three more circled around to the rear. He felt confident enough to take on five of this smaller breed, but not with Chris there. If either one made way toward Chris, he would be forced to avert his attention, leaving his blind side vulnerable.
He never had time to think. The first one crouched low and darted forward. Malcolm leaped and shifted all in one motion. His size more than doubled that of his opponent. He easily snagged the gray around his neck and tossed him like a rag doll. A female came from the left, along with another male from the right.
It all happened so quickly that Chris had no time to react. He heard the growls behind him but paid no mind. His focus was on Malcolm being outnumbered. He had to help Malcolm. Anger dominated when the feeling of helplessness arose. His fists balled, he trembled all over and shook from deep within. The change was happening and he did not try to avoid it. He dropped to all fours and cringed in pain. His skin rippled and his bones cracked in alteration.
Just as the two wolves moved in, Chris' eyes glowed amber and he released an audible growl. Each leapt into the air, only to be intercepted by the returning Texas pack. One yelped and the other grunted, gasping for air. Malcolm had already taken out his foes and turned to finish the others when he saw what was happening.
"Chris, no!"
He was too late. 
Chapter 18

The relief of knowing William was staying thrilled me. I had Holly to thank for the interference. I suppose Cassie had a bit to do with it as well. Probably for her own benefit though. Her freshly done hair and manicured nails would have been ruined.
I watched him from across the room, interacting with his pack and the members that had joined us for the week. They cherished him and he cared for each one in return. Between Abbey, Holly and Wendy, William was safe from the claws of my arch enemy. I suppose I could try to talk to the wench but I couldn't seem to find the motivation. Nope. She wasn't worthy of conversation.
William and I never got around to discussing our romp in the woods. Strangely enough, I didn't find anything wrong with what we had done. I had accepted the fact that he was different and allowed myself to continue this relationship. It was apparent that I had to adapt to his lifestyle for this thing to work. And if I were going to compete in the boudoir department, becoming comfortable with his wolf was a must. Besides, he's kind of sexy when he gets a little furry. And the claws don't hurt. Well, not that much anyway.
The four of us girls gathered in the kitchen for silent celebration.
"Here's to girl power."
Holly raised her glass. We all clinked our respective drinks together just as William walked up.
"What are we celebrating ladies?"
I stood there dumbfounded, Holly hung her head, and thankfully Abbey kept control of her senses and responded.
"Just that we are all here safe and sound."
"Hmm. Good reason for a toast, I suppose."
He pulled me close and placed a loving kiss on my cheek. When Cassie approached, Abbey added one more comment.
"And now the others can go home tomorrow, safe and sound as well."
She gave her best perky smile to add confirmation. Cassie knew the remark was meant for her. She raised one eyebrow and the corner of her lip curled.
"William, I just wanted to let you know that if you have a change of heart, I'll be glad to accomodate your needs."
She squeezed his upper arm and turned to depart.
"Night all."
I wanted to pinch her. Tweak her nose. Thump her ear. Anything! I felt heat rise to my face. Before leaving the room she left us with one last surprise.
"You know, I think I may just stay around for a little while."
She swished her fanny back and forth as she retired to her designated sleeping area. Abbey was shocked.
"Stay around? What does that mean, stay around? She is leaving tomorrow, right William?"
All eyes were on him.
"Cassie is family. She is welcome to stay. And I expect all of you to treat her as such."
"I'm sure you do."
I sort of mumbled that under my breath but I knew he heard me with that amazing wolf hearing thing they have. I didn't care. I was sick and tired of her making waves. He acts as though we are picking on her. Can't he see she is a witch in disguise? Of course not. He's a man. And the quickest way to a man's heart is through his...oh hell no! Something had to be done about this chick.
He left the four of us there fuming.
"She is such a..."
"Now, now Wendy. Let's not be rude. We will be the welcoming family that she deserves."
Abbey had a wicked gleam in her eyes.
"I think I'm going to enjoy this."

It had been a long day and I was exhausted. I didn't even wait for William to come to bed before I was tucked securely between the sheets. Sometimes it feels just as good to sprawl out the entire length of the mattress all by yourself. Oh who am I kidding. It always feels better to have him beside me. Just as I was thinking that, his warmth slid in next to me. My back was to his front and his arm wrapped comfortably around my middle. I felt his breath next to my ear before he softly spoke.
"I know you are unhappy that she is here. If you trust in my love, you will see that there is nothing to worry about."
I breathed in deeply and released, very audibly.
"You know, William. Bedtime stories that contain Cassie is really not something I want to hear. You have got to learn more about women."
He sighed and held me tighter.
"Forgive me, my love, for I know not what I do."
He squeezed my side in the tickle spot, making me giggle and give up.
"Okay, you win."
I turned to face him and that's all I needed. Butter. I melted against his skin immediately. I wish I could say we took another trip to ecstacy but to be honest, he was just as exhausted as I was. I think we both simply gave in and fell fast to sleep. I don't even remember dreaming.
When morning came, the room was bright with sunshine. I smiled and stretched, remembering that William was spending the day at the store. I rolled over and flung the covers off to sit up on the side of the bed. To my surprise, and I mean big surprise, across the room in a chair sat Cassie. I screamed and wrenched the covers back up around my neck.
"What are you doing in here!"
"William told me that you would be a dear and show me around town today. I was so pleased that you had volunteered to chauffeur."
She gave me that curt little smile that I had grown to hate.
"I did NOT volunteer anything. If you wouldn't mind, please leave my bedroom."
She stood with a sigh and slowly headed toward the door.
"I suppose I will have to ask William to accompany me then. He is much better company anyway."
Alarm ran through my chest. After quickly thinking about it for a second, I let out a sigh and decided to give in.
"No, no. I'll drive you around."
She turned to swish away and ran straight into Abbey.
"Good morning, Cassie. I'm glad you're up and around already. I have some tasks for you."
Cassie snarled and began her debate.
"I'm sorry, Abbey, but Jenson and I have plans."
"Plans that can easily be changed, I'm sure."
I nodded in delight.
"There are things that need to be done around here and since you are family, as William calls it, you can help the pack. I'm sure you don't need to be reminded that I am Alpha female. Everyone pitches in here. Everyone does their share. That includes you."
Cassie was seething and I was loving every minute of it. I almost laughed out loud but quickly slapped a hand over my mouth to prevent it. As Abbey was leaving, she left a few last minute suggestions for her wolf.
"You might want to change into something more comfortable. You don't want to get those nice things dirty."
I thought it was funny how Abbey could make her feel less than noble. I wish I had the ability to get the best of her. I wondered what our precious little Alpha had in mind for her for the rest of the day. Maybe I would take a peek every now and again, just to see how things were going.

William had been at the store less than five minutes when he decided there was lots of work to be done. He had neglected his business for quite some time and it showed. There was dust on everything, items were strewn here and there, everything was in disarray. The clerk sat,head in hand, elbow propped on the countertop. He was reading some sort of magazine, contents unknown. William ran his fingers through his hair in disbelief.
"You might want to at least act like you are earning the money that I pay you."
The clerk sat up straight and tall, eyes wide in surprise.
"Sorry, Will. I didn't know you were back."
"Obviously."
He continued on to the back of the store, inserting his key into the lock. When the door opened he was even more distressed. Several documents were in shambles across his desk. A door to the filing cabinet was half opened. He sat down and scanned the papers in front of him. Most were financial documents concerning dealings of the store. Someone had obviously been nosing around. He sat back and blew out a breath. Maybe Jenson had been trying to take care of things while he was gone. She had told him she wanted to be more involved. He trusted she had not made too big a mess of things. Shame on him for thinking that way.
Outside there were three boats parked in their spaces, each tagged respectively. The grass around the place had not been mown in weeks. There was debris blowing throughout the parking lot. Nothing a broom wouldn't take care of. He picked up two toppled, rubber trash cans from the side of the road and drug them over to the side of the building. From the looks of things, it would take the rest of the week to get it all in good running order again.
Meanwhile, I showered and grabbed a danish to eat while I drank my first cup of coffee. I love sitting on the back deck, watching the shimmering lake and whispering leaves. It's very quiet and peaceful out here. Only the sounds of nature to be heard. Until a big whack got my attention. The ceramic coffee cup flew from my hands, shattering at my feet. I ran around the side of the house and skid to a halt.
 I couldn't believe my eyes. Cassie was there with an ax in hand, attempting to chop a piece of wood. The ax blade was stuck into the side of a log. She was twisting and tugging but it would not release. She let out a shallow growl from her throat. I couldn't stop myself. I laughed out loud. She whipped around, eyes shooting daggers toward me. Or maybe it was lightning bolts. I couldn't tell the difference. I composed myself when I realized it was true anger. Wouldn't want this shewolf to jump on me without backup. I held my hands up in surrender.
"Okay, okay… I uh... I mean…well you're doing physical labor!"
Her eyes furrowed closer together. Just as she took a step toward me, I heard Abbey's voice.
"Oh don't give up now, Cassie! You were doing so well. Come on, I'll show you an easier way to get this done."
I thought it best I didn't stick around to watch the lesson. Wouldn't want to rile her any more than I already had. You have to admit it was a funny site. One that I wouldn't forget for quite some time. I kind of missed Malcolm and Chris. They would understand the humor in my way of thinking. Matter of fact, they would tease her a whole lot more than me. Maybe I should give Chris a call. It had been a while since we talked. Could use an update on his situation as well.

"I don't think he can come to the phone right now. He's… um…otherwise occupied."
Who was this chick answering his phone! And who is she to tell me I can't talk to my friend!

"Jen, I need to talk to you about something."
Abby froze in her tracks. I was sitting on the toilet, lid down of course, looking at the stick. I don't even know why I bought a pregnancy test. I was sure my period would come along any day now.


The End





Be sure to look for the upcoming Book III of the Moonlight Series by Russ Kaylin.
