


AND THE PIRATES OF FLAMENCA


English Language Edition


ANDRY CHANG



EVERNA SAGA
MORF AND THE PIRATES OF FLAMENCA
by Andry Chang

Published by Vadis Publisher at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2016 by Andry Chang

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents

One ISLE OF YMER
Two AT LAST, ADVENTURE!
Three GASPAR’S PAST
Four SWORD-SIZED STINGS
Five MADAME ZYMA
Six A PROMISE IN TORVUE
Seven THE PIRATE MORFS
Eight SPARKS OF DESTINY
Nine HOME

Glossary
Character Sheet
Author’s Profile



Map of Aurelia Continent, Terra Everna
Southwest Region



One ISLE OF YMER 

If you happen to sail the Centromare Sea due southeast, just pay a visit to Nuranor, the largest town in Greater Salinas Island. The island was due south from the shores of Arcadia Empire in the Continent of Aurelia mainland.
In any local tavern in Nuranor, you might hear some rumors about a small, mysterious island named Ymer. Why so mysterious? It was because the Isle of Ymer didn’t exist in any maps, charts or whatsoever.
Yet, you might ask, what was so interesting about this Isle of Ymer? Well, if you sailed southwest from the Isles of Salinas, if you were lucky, you would spot the Isle of Ymer and said, “Land ahoy!”
Looking from the sea, the exteriors and shores of Ymer Island only consisted of lush woods, bordering with white sandy beach all around it. Yet, other rumors said that the island was cursed, you could only find wild animals, ghosts and spirits there.
The people who spread such rumors might’ve explored the woods of Ymer. They must’ve heard voices, like giggling children or sorts. When that happened, most people got lost, just going in circles in the woods for hours, or even days until they found their way out to the beach.
For instance, this one poor man was not exempt of this so-called “curse”. His rough-tough looks was hardened with the harsh life he was going through. After walking almost all day in the woods, he became fatigued. Sometimes he rubbed his belly and his parched throat, wishing for a hearty meal and fresh water.
Suddenly, he heard a laughing voice. Color faded from the seaman’s long face as he unsheathed his cutlass. “Who are ye? A friggin’ ghost? Show yerself! I, Raoul Juarez ain’t afraid of ye!”
The voice abruptly became hoarse. “You seem hungry, Mister Raoul. Here, have some fruit, and then we’ll talk.”
Raoul was started to see a basketful of neatly assorted fruits right below his feet. Drooling, he stooped. He reached out to free food and grabbed air instead. To his shock, the fruit basket moved on its own and vanished into thin air.
“G... G-ghost!” Horrorstruck, Raoul turned around and ran away like a madman.
Well, actually, the fruit basket was dragged through an invisible, magical wall. The one who dragged the basket and then held it on top of its head was a tiny, yet bizarre creature. Its body was perfectly round and merged with its head, its skin was bright blueish-white, as though glowing. With a set of hands and feet, it stood at about three apples’ tall.
“Wow, it’s all for me? How very nice, Mister Raoul!” Still giggling, the ball-like creature’s pair of overly large egg-round eyes blinked with glee, and its mouth curled a very wide smile. “Hehe, that gigantic idiot won’t dare to step into Ymer Island again. Dion’s Ghost Trick works again!”
Dion walked with overconfident steps. Alas, he was tripped on a root and fell with the fruit basket he was carrying.
“Ouch!” Dion yelled in pain, also because he would be very busy rearranging all the fruits back into the basket.
==oOo==
Still carrying his basket, Dion walked out from the woods. Something in the distance came into sight and made him smile. “Aah, finally. Home, meal and rest,” he said.
The place Dion referred as “home” was a simple, stone-and-wood house in an opening in the woods.  That house however was human-sized, so it was way too big for a tiny creature like Dion to reside in.
Imagine, it was surely impossible for Dion to open the gigantic wooden door as if a man trying to lift a whole house all by himself. Even if this living ball wanted to get in through the window he must climb all the way up the cliff-like height with a strong rope. And then he must use a second rope to hoist the heavy fruit basket all the way. What an extremely exhausting work.
Luckily, Dion didn’t have to get that busy. As he approached the porch, he turned towards the garden hedge and then to the wall of the house. What could he find there? Not far from the human-door, there was another wooden gate on the wall. Its width and height was approximately five times Dion’s size.
Two things were standing in front of the gate, they were easily recognized as a mug and a spoon. Strangely, the two things had faces, hands and legs like Dion. They stood tall like sentinels on duty. They even held dining forks as weapons.
The living mug greeted, “Dang! You carry that many and heavy fruits all by yourself again, Dion!”
“Yeah, this is part of the workout, Perse. You know, I only work alone,” Dion answered and walked on, carrying his burden through the gate.
The spoon commented, “Still, you’re Dion the crystal ball, the strongest morf in Ymer.”
Actually, the name “morf” is what they called their own kind.
Dion smiled back on that compliment, only to hear Perse the mug retorted, “Ah, come on, Thess. No matter how strong Dion is, he must cooperate with other morfs! As tiny creatures, we must stick together and be strong, in case we must fight the giants out there.”
“Yes, yes, I know,” said Thess. “But think, how can we make Dion cooperate with us if we make him angry instead?”
Dion didn’t hear Perse’s reply after that. He only shook his head and walked more rapidly. After handing the fruits to the kitchen utensil morfs at the kitchen, he gazed around, feeling rather relaxed than before.
Actually, the whole house was a village.
The hustle-and-bustle on the floor and all around came from living things just like Dion, minding their own businesses.
A big teapot bowed, pouring tea into the small cups.
A quill danced gracefully, scribbled onto a book, and then dipped her tip into a bottle of ink. The quill glanced at Dion, her pretty eyelashes blinked; her rosy lips curled a pretty smile.
Dion nodded, smiled back at her and walked on.
Feeling ignored, the quill’s face turned sulky. Her pen tip pressed so hard, splattering ink on the paper. The book then got up and scolded her, poor little thing.
“Aww, Dion, you’re such an expert in breaking a she-morf’s heart.” An utility box walked towards the crystal ball and patted his shoulder.
“I didn’t mean that, Ector,” Dion replied. “It’s just I’m in a hurry, I must tell Father Gaspar about something that happened this afternoon.”
Ector’s egg-eyes widened. “Hah? What’s that? Is that good or bad? Tell me, tell me!”
“Ssh, this news is confidential. But if you want to hear about it, you can come with me.”
“Now that’s what I call a pal!” Ector patted Dion’s shoulder so hard, the crystal ball flustered. Ector the box laughed out loud.
The two morfs then arrived at the wooden stairs going up to the attic. For them, the overlarge stairs made for human use was like a cascade cliff. On the contrary, the tiny stairs at the railing near the wall made going up much easier for Dion, Ector and all other morfs alike.
Dion and Ector walked into the attic. Dion glanced upwards and saw a man’s huge shoulders. In contrary of the last human encounter, Dion undoubtedly went towards this one. He climbed the ladder to the top of the building-sized table.
Actually, many things were scattered on that table. Most of them were bottles and jars of alchemy ingredients and tools to process them. Most of them were ordinary things, not morfs.
Dion and Ector then stood in the middle of the table top, gazing towards a man scribbling on his large journal book. The man looked like in his fifties. All his hair was white, with trimmed white mustache and beard on his round face. He always wore a cap even at home; maybe it was to cover his half-bald head. The man smiled, traces of his youthful, handsome charisma still emanated from his face. He hummed joyfully, deeply immersed in his work.
Dion knew, these were signs that this man would work for hours. So he called, “Father Gaspar, I got important news for you!”
There was no answer.
Dion shouted louder, “Father Gaspar!”
Startled, Gaspar lifted his giant face. And then his eyes gazed towards Dion as though he wanted to scold or punish that insolent morf.
Dion cowered, fearing the worst.
Instead, Gaspar smiled and responded, “Ah, it’s you, Dion. How’s your training today?”
“It was fruitful, father, literally. Nothing significant happened, except maybe I’ve encountered a giant on the border of the outer magic barrier in the woods.”
Ector interrupted, “A giant? Was it human or beast?”
“Human.”
Dion’s last word enticed reactions from the three other morfs in the attic. One of them, the yellow pyramid-shaped female morf spoke, “Oh my morf, there’s a human in Ymer Island! Err, other than you, father, of course.”
The second morf, a magic wand, moved his hands and head, forming images of a human, an animal and a question mark with glowing magical lights. He appeared to be a mute.
And then, the big book Father Gaspar was just writing on got up, clasped shut and stood up on his two feet. A set of eyes, mouth, long beard and a pair of hands sprouted out from his body.
The big book or tome spoke hoarsely like an old man, “Biblio can’t believe this, a man can find our remote, uncharted island just northwest from Quelnir Island. What’s he look like?”
Dion answered, “His name is Raoul, but I think he looks too rowdy for a seaman.”
The magic wand drew a glowing image of a man holding a sword.
Dion replied, “Maybe so, Aris. I saw something sort of like a sword hanging on his waist.”
“Then, did you do anything?” the pyramid female morf inquired.
Dion told all of them about his trick, making a ghost-like voice and baiting Raoul with his fruit basket, making Raoul ran away in terror.
“That’s a dumb trick you’ve pulled, Dion,” the cute pyramid concluded.
Dion frowned. “What do you mean, Circe?”
Like a teacher to her pupil, Circe retorted, “You should’ve stayed hidden and did nothing, so the human would think there’s nothing eerie or even interesting in this island. You still remember that the double-layered magical illusionary field leads all creatures, except for Father Gaspar and us morfs astray, so they will never find our village, don’t you?”
Gaspar added, “Circe’s right. We must be more cautious. Seaman or not, Raoul is not likely alone. If his more intelligent mates find out that this is a trick, or there’s a mage among them powerful enough to see through our magic barriers, our village will be in a grave danger.”
Dion stared down in shame.
Ector asked, “So, what will we do about it?”
Gaspar paused a bit, and then he said, “I shall go out there now and investigate.”
Circe protested, “Don’t go, father. Send us instead...”
The old man shook his head. “Dion saw humans, so only I, the only human who inhabits Isle of Ymer can deal with them if necessary. Ector, Aris and Circe, you three will accompany me as my ‘equipments’!”
“Can I go with you too?” Dion volunteered. 
Gaspar shook his head. “No, Dion. You can go home and take a rest for now.”
“But I want to help...!”
Circe scolded Dion, “Don’t you get it? Father Gaspar just gave you a punishment for your carelessness out there! Just stay and guard the village until we return!”
Circe’s blatant words froze Dion on his track. Dion then grumbled, turned and ran away, climbing down the ladder from Gaspar’s work desk.
“Oh, that’s very nice, Circe!” Ector rebuked Circe and then called to his friend, “Dion, wait up!”
But Dion didn’t reply. He just ran on and went all the way down to the ground floor.

Two AT LAST, ADVENTURE! 

When night came, lights in Gaspar’s house, namely Morf Village were quite dim. The only bright place here was the living room, which functioned as the village square.
The candle morfs illuminated the room from the table tops, the fire on their heads couldn’t ever melt their magical bodies. Almost all of the nearly one hundred and fifty morf population sat on a grassy ground-like carpet, relaxing and having fun together. Even tiny furniture morfs like chairs and tables were off-duty too, joining their “employers” like brothers and sisters.
Dion on the other hand, didn’t join in the fun. He only sat on a corner of a giant chair, hands on his cheek. He didn’t even respond to Perse the mug and Thess the spoon’s greetings. Clearly, he was in dismay.
The gaze from Dion’s egg-shaped eyes beamed on the saucepan morf dancing with the feather-duster she-morf, the tray morf and the pot she-morf and several other dancing couples. Of course, they were dancing to the jovial music from the musical instrument morfs. The orchestra members were the lute morf, the flute morf and the tambourine morf playing on their own.
The music put a thought in Dion’s mind. Honestly, I envy the morfs who fully dedicate their lives to the things they’ve chosen or transformed to be by destiny. The musical instruments for instance only compose songs and play music every day, all the time, so they almost always play a new song in every show.
But, how about me? I’m a crystal ball, but I lack fortune-telling powers. All I can be proud of is my physical strength, developed through my daily workout and work routines. Well, the village does acknowledge me as the physically strongest morf in Ymer, which also means in the world.
But, what’s all that if they think all my actions are wrong? To let myself be lectured by my friends, my peers, the leaders, even Circe, the she-morf I admire? Darn, I feel so useless now.
Dion then punched his own palm. That’s it! If they think I’m a worthless garbage, I better go away from the Morf Village, even Ymer Island! I shall embark on an adventure, a journey. I’ll sail all seas, explore the whole world, even to the land of the giants called humans! I’ll go tomorrow!
Almost instantly, the music stopped and shattered Dion’s chain of thought. Lazily, he focused his attention to the center of the village square. Not only his, all eyes were also fixated on Biblio, Gaspar great tome, the oldest morf alive today. He sat on a non-morf chair customized especially for him. As he raised his hand, all became silent.
Biblio transformed himself to the non-morf great book form and opened himself. The pages flipped swiftly and stopped at a certain page. The old book could still speak loudly with his face hidden, and he began his story. Tonight, it was about the origin of morfs.
Truthfully, morfs were not creatures made through magical experiments or the like. Morfs’ ancestors were will o’ the wisps, creatures that looked like glowing balls of light. Residing in Ymer Island for ages, the will o’ wisps evolved into morfs, which could transform into a thing of their choice or by chance for the rest of their lives. Dion was among the latter.
About twenty years ago, Gaspar Portiva, a mage and alchemist came to Ymer Island to hone his skills in solitude. One day, when he was working on an alchemy experiment, a voice sparked Gaspar’s surprise. It was a man’s voice, and he was reading Gaspar’s journal tome.
“Just imagine Father Gaspar’s surprise when he found out that the voice was mine, and I have chosen to be his journal tome. At first, he thought I was an old man’s spirit possessing his tome. He wanted to burn me down, but then an idea came and he changed his mind.”
Biblio cleared his throat and continued, “When my senses sprouted out, Father Gaspar and I had a very long conversation. From that he was finally sure that I am not a spirit, but a new type of magical creature. So, Father Gaspar gave me the name ‘Biblio’, meaning ‘book’, and named our kind ‘morf’, from the word ‘morph’ meaning ‘to transform’.”
A child-morf shaped like a plain oval ball asked, “So, are we morf children are will o’ wisps?”
Biblio laughed. “No, will o’ wisps are like round, glowing balls. They don’t have hands, feet and faces like we do, yet they can fly in the air and almost all of us can’t.”
Dion couldn’t recall how many times he had listened to this story. However, this time the story made him thinking. Must he go to live a lonely life? Must he declare the existence of morfs to the world? Wasn’t it much easier to train himself in the safety of Morf Village, so one day he could convince Circe that Dion was a dependable young morf?
Dion’s answer came almost abruptly, as quick as the morf who just came back through the morf gate, two other morfs supported him. Dion recognized the magic wand morf at once and rushed to his side. “Aris, what happened? How come you come back alone?”
The wand morf waved his shaking hand, trying to draw something in the air. But the glowing image was unclear and blurred, and then it vanished instantly.
“What did you draw, Aris? I don’t understand!” said Dion. The other morfs around them also shrugged and shook their heads.
Aris tried to move again, but no light flickered. Exhausted, he collapsed on the floor.
Just then the wise Elder Biblio spoke, “Let him rest in my house, Dion. I’ll treat him. We’ll ask him again when he comes to his senses. I’m afraid, a bad thing has happened to Father Gaspar, Ector and Circe.”
==oOo==
As magical beings, morf bodies could recover very quickly. And that included Aris’.
The morning sunlight came through the enormous windows of Gaspar’s house, then all the way through smaller windows on multi-tiered cupboards converted into rooms for the morfs. In one of those rooms, Biblio’s house the light caressed Aris’ sleeping-like face. The magic wand morf got up, his goggle-like eyes opened slowly.
The first thing Aris saw was the flowers planted just outside Gaspar’s house window, so near to Biblio’s window. Their sight alone soothed this patient’s heart.
The next thing Aris saw was Dion’s face on his perfectly round body. Faintly, Aris heard Dion shout, “Father Biblio, Aris is awake!”
From Dion’s back the long-bearded morf came close, touching the patient’s arms and head, observing his face. Biblio said, “Just rest awhile, Aris, you’re...”
Instead, Aris leapt from his bed. With the ruby tip on his head, he drew a glowing picture of a skull and criss-crossed bones below it in the air.
“What’s that, a human skull?” Dion’s one eye was half-shut and the other widened.
“That’s a pirates’ mark,” said the knowledgeable book morf. “I have seen that once, and its name is... Ah, I forgot.”
Dion commented, “Pirates? What are they?”
Patiently, Biblio explained, “Young man, pirates are outlaws who rob ships or pillage cities in large groups. They’re very cruel, killing their victims regardless of anything but their own whim.”
Without waiting for Dion’s response, Aris drew something again. This time it was Gaspar’s rope-bound figure.
Dion exclaimed, “Father Gaspar... was captured... by them? You mean, by the pirates?”
Aris nodded quickly, several times. And then, next to Gaspar’s image, he drew a ship and a line from Gaspar to the ship.
As usual, Biblio connected all the clues. “The pirates captured Father Gaspar and took him to the ship. In other words, they have kidnapped our father.”
“What!?” Dion bellowed. “What about Ector and Circe?”
Aris tried to explain using picture language. Again, Biblio interpreted them.
The book morf told them that the pirates spotted Gaspar when he was spying on them. Gaspar then fought the pirates alone, because he didn’t want them to find out about the morfs.
The mage was winning at first, but he opponents were too many. An soon, he was surrounded by hostiles. One pirate knocked his magic wand off. Finally, Gaspar was captured and bound.
Just then Gaspar said that he surrendered and was willing to work for the pirates, as long as he was allowed to bring his equipment bag-box along with him to do his job as an alchemist. The captors told him to await the Captain’s final decision, so they kept him in the brig first and confiscated his bag. Unknown to them, there was a magic pyramid inside the bag, so Circe and Ector were also taken along with Gaspar.
Aris, on the other hand was left behind. The pirates objected to Gaspar’s plea to search for it. A magic wand is a mage’s weapon, not an alchemist’s tool, so they thought it was best to leave it behind. So, with the wounds from the battle and being tossed away, the living wand staggered back to the village to pass the news about this kidnapping as soon as possible.
Aris nodded, confirming the accuracy of Biblio’s deduction.
This time Dion fell silent. And then he clenched his fist, shouting, “Come, let’s find Father Gaspar now!”
Before Dion did rash things like journeying alone without preparation, Biblio the Wise bellowed, “Wait, Dion! I know, saving our protector-benefactor and our friends is our top priority right now. But, you and almost all morfs in Ymer are still green and blind about the outside world.”
Somewhat Biblio added the “almost all morfs” to cheer Dion up a bit.
Biblio talked on, “Terra Everna, the world we’re living in is so vast, larger than our wildest dreams. It will take years for little creatures like us to circumnavigate the world even once. So, Without preparation, knowledge and power, adventuring in the ‘land of the giants’ is surely a sheer suicide.”
Aris nodded in agreement with the elder and leader of Morf Village again.
“B-but, haven’t you said that the pirates are very cruel? They can kill Father Gaspar, Circe and Ector any moment now!”
The truth in Dion’s words made Biblio stop and thin. And then with a shaky tongue the big tome replied, “You got a point there, Dion. But you still must keep in mind; Father Gaspar is a powerful mage. With the help from Ector and Circe, at least they can protect each other.”
“And with luck, they can even escape from those pirates.”
“That’s possible. But, Father Gaspar will need his weapon, the magic wand that can strengthen his magic spells.”
Dion glanced towards Aris. “So, I must go with Aris?”
The magic wand was baffled; he just realized that he must work together with this hot-headed and reckless ball morf.
Noticing Aris’ reluctance, Biblio insisted, “Yes, Dion. You must bring Aris to Father Gaspar. So, you two must cooperate as a team. By the way Dion, have you awakened the elemental energy inside your body yet?”
Dion shook his head. “Not yet. I don’t even know what kind of elemental power I might have. I only know I have a strong physique, that’s all.”
The tome sighed. “If that’s so, just train Dion along the way, Aris. Just try your best so Dion doesn’t rely too much on your power of fire when you’re fighting.”
“Hey, I’m strong enough to protect Aris, Father Gaspar and all! I don’t need elemental power, magic or anything of that sort!” Dion protested.
“Have you forgotten Father Gaspar’s teaching, Dion?” Biblio scolded. “Every morf has his true power, embodied in one of the seven main elements. It’s fire, water, wind, earth, lightning, light and darkness. A true power can only be awakened through training, fights, struggles or extraordinary conditions that a morf must endure!”
“Yeah, yeah, I remember. But what if I refuse to awaken my true power?”
“Then I have no choice but to send another morf in your stead.”
Aris nodded sharply.
Dion fell silent. His whole body trembled. His voice was also vibrating. “Darn it, this is really frustrating. I don’t have a choice, do I? Well, I better train to awaken my true power. This is better than sitting idly all day like losers do.”
“Very well, I shall then tell you a very important secret,” said Biblio. “The pirates Aris described are from the island-town of Flamenca, a lawless city. Apparently, they spared Gaspar’s life because they knew him.”
“What?!” Dion was shocked. “Our father, he’s a... pirate?”
“Was, maybe, but I don’t know for sure,” said Biblio. “Now here’s the most important piece. On the eastern part of town, seek a fortune teller named Madame Zyma. Tell her to remember ‘the promise in Torvue’. If she refuses to help, show her your powers. Scare her, use violence as the last resort. However, Zyma must not be killed or dead, because she’s our only hope to find and save Gaspar.”
Aris and Dion stared at each other. They didn’t really understand about this Gaspar’s “friend” in Flamenca. Still, they tried to memorize this essential information, as though their lives depended on it. They just hoped everything would go along as planned.
==oOo==
When the sun was halfway towards the western horizon, some morfs were standing on the west coast of the Isle of Ymer.
A wooden boat was seen harboring on the sandy shore. A face that looked like a shark’s was seen like a carved painting on his prow. From his face movements, it was clear he was one of the biggest morfs in Ymer. A pair of paddles functioned as his hands, the rudder as his tail, his retractable four legs under the hull made him an amphibian, the morf who could move on two surfaces, land and water.
“Well, have a safe journey.” Elder Biblio waved his hand. At his side stood Aris’ mother, a sapphire-embedded magic wand with her teary eyes.
“Don’t worry, Aris, Dion!” Biblio shouted again. “We shall guard Ymer Island and Morf Village. You two, just focus all your attention to search and rescue Father Gaspar!”
On the moving boat, Dion and Aris waved back at their fellow morfs. Dion shouted back, “Yes, Elder! Wish us luck!”
Aris drew a heart between two magic wands, expressing his love for his mother.
All preparations are now complete, Dion thought. The funny thing is, it’s as though one of my wishes has came true. At least, now we’re setting out to the wide world, in an adventure full of challenges and dangers.
Wait for us, Father Gaspar, Ector and Circe.
Please stay safe, we’re coming to rescue you.

Three GASPAR’S PAST 

When the sun was high that day, approximately two weeks’ sailing from the Isle of Ymer, a two-mast ship cruised, splitting the waves of Centromare Sea.
The length of the Brig-type ship was thirty seven meter, with rectangle sails waving elegantly in the wind. The ship looked neat and grand, anyone who saw it would think it was a merchant ship or a mid-sized battleship.
The sailors going to-and-fro on the deck were all dressed shabbily, just like common seamen. It seemed there was nothing suspicious at all there.
Looking inside the hull, giant bows called ballistae were hidden there, standing neatly in two rows. The ammunitions, spear-like arrows called ballista bolts were stored next to the device, ready to be launched anytime.
The storage room and the brig were also inside the hull. Stench of filth there made a man held prisoner in the brig felt sick. There was no way counting how many times he vomited, but he never took his hat off no matter what.
That was Gaspar Portiva. His face was pale as he was exhausted, yet he didn’t pass out. Maybe Gaspar used to sail since he was young.
The old, man ate his meal, only murmured, “Aris, Biblio, Circe, Dion, Ector, all my children. I hope you’re all right.”
Gaspar’s thoughts were all about Ymer Island and the safety of all morfs there.
Suddenly, Gaspar was startled by fast, heavy footsteps on the wooden stairs. Two gruff-looking men then approached the brig. One of them opened the iron door, and the other shouted, “Git yer arse up, Gaspar!”
Gaspar feebly got up from the filthy floor he sat on. The two pirates grabbed him and dragged him out. It was hard climbing the slippery, steep stairs in his condition, yet somehow Gaspar arrived at the deck. He was dragged on towards the helm near the stern.
The helmsman was doing his job steering the ship, guarded by a few armed men. Gaspar took no heed for them, for his eyes were set on a man standing with his back towards him.
When the man turned around, Gaspar saw his eyes stared sharply and wildly like a wolf ready to pounce on its prey. The most unique thing from that man’s appearance was his beard that pronged three ways, white in the middle and black on the two long sideburns. Matched with a wide, brown hat, a long brown trench coat and a laced-collar shirt, his appearance was more frightening than respectable.
Staring at Gaspar, the Captain grimaced, showing rows of wide-apart, blackened and rotten teeth. He covered his hoarse voice with courtesy as he greeted, “Gaspar Portiva, old friend, let’s talk, arrr...!”
The “old friend” rebuked, “What do you want, Captain Tri-Beard, Higuain Morales? Haven’t I told you I am willing to work for you again? Why the brig? Where are my things?”
“Easy old friend, easy,” Higuain Morales answered. I only did some ‘precautions’. You know, Gaspar, you’ve been a naughty, naughty boy. You left your comrades and disappeared for years. Apparently, fate has reunited us in that remote, inhabited island.”
“It’s Ymer! Isle of Ymer!” Gaspar interrupted.
“Whatever! Don’t cut in when I’m talking, or I’ll cut your tongue, arr!”
Gaspar fell silent. Cowardly as it might seem, he just realized it was unwise to offend the fiercest pirate in Aurelian Seas. It might be wiser to wait for a better opportunity to strike.
So, Tri-Beard spoke on, “Ah yes, where was I... But... but! You surrendered so leisurely after killing some of me mates. If I didn’t lock you up, the others wouldn’t forgive you and I would lose some face, arr.”
“Your word play is no use for me, Captain. Just tell me what you want,” said Gaspar resentfully.
“You know, there’s one thing still bothering me. What made you insist on bringing your alchemy equipment bag, harr?”
Gaspar answered firmly, “Like I said, I’m an alchemist, and I need my tools specially made for me so my magical products can be more successfully made and more powerful.”
Suddenly, from Higuain’s side a young girl came and spoke, “Fine, we’re good with that. Then, why do you care so much about your so-called equipments, as though they’re your own children?” She lifted Gaspar’s equipment bag and showed the magic pyramid inside. “I think you can still have another magic bag and magic pyramid specially made for you, you know.”
“It’s not that easy, miss...”
“Miss Fiore to you!” the pirate girl snapped.
Gaspar was startled. It was the first time he saw this girl. The way Fiore stared and spoke at Gaspar was so like Higuain. But, her black hair, her pretty face and her blue eyes were so alike someone Gaspar knew, vaguely.
Before Gaspar could retrace further into his memory, Fiore scolded, “Don’t stare at me like that, old man! Just tell me they are more than rare artifacts to you, aren’t they? Aren’t they? You have another secret, I know that.”
“It doesn’t matter whether they’re rare or not! Please just understand, I’m only useful to you if my special equipments are around!”
“Huh! Enough of your lies and excuses! How about I do this, and find you another exactly just like them?” Fiore moved towards the starboard, holding Gaspar’s two things as if she was about to toss them overboard.
Gaspar was down on his knees at once. “Please don’t, Miss Fiore! A magical tool that perfectly compatible to its user is so hard to find! Please, I need them, they’re irreplaceable!”
“I’m still finding it hard to believe, Gaspar,” said Higuain. “I think, apart from this ‘equipment’ problem, you are keeping a great secret. It’s a secret related to the island you’ve lived all this time, isn’t that so, Raoul?”
Raoul, Higuain’s lackey nodded. “Yes, it’s ghostly, too!”
“Tell me about these ‘ghosts’ Raoul has reported to me! You must’ve known them by now after living there for so long! Tell me now!”
Gaspar couldn’t make any more excuses. Given this situation, must he and his two “tools” sacrifice their lives for the safety of Ymer Island? Even if he did, there was no guarantee that these pirates wouldn’t go to Ymer to find out for themselves, even destroying the whole island for that secret.
“C’mon, Uncle Gaspar! My hands are itching now!” Fiore threatened, ready to release her “hostages” anytime.
At last, the morfs’ patience ran out. There was no other way than to fight to the death. Without waiting for Gaspar’s signal, the box morf and the pyramid morf broke free from Fiore’s grasp and leapt towards the deck.
The two morfs then went here-and-there like flies. Ector the box morf’s body rammed into a pirate with the strength equivalent to a boulder rock.
Circe’s pyramid body reflected the sunlight, dazzling everyone who saw that into a momentary blindness.
Ector then pounded into his opponents one-by-one, bouncing like a lightning ball without anyone could land a hit on him.
Even Higuain, the Captain was overwhelmed. “Arr, come here you cowardly curs!”
Of course, as creatures weaker than humans, the morfs relied on their speed and agility. However, no matter how fast Ector was, at last Higuain landed a slash on Ector’s body.
When in morf form, Ector’s skin was a bit tenderer than his original iron skin in box form. So, Ector only suffered a scratch wound, but the power of his opponent’s slash sent his body flying and bumping into a mast.
Circe’s body was glowing yellowish white, ready to fire a ray blast. However, a woman’s voice interrupted her, “Give it up, critters! Or Gaspar will kiss his soul goodbye!”
The two morfs turned and looked. There, Gaspar stood with the blade of Fiore’s rapier, just a hair-thick away from his throat.
“Sorry, my children, I am exhausted.” Gaspar’s face was bruised black-and-blue. He was also fighting just now, but the strain from his age and fatigue after spending time in the brig made him no match for the youthful girl like Fiore.
Sensing this hopeless situation, Ector and Circe also stood like statues, letting the sea dogs restrain them.
Still blinking from bedazzlement, Higuain came near the two “prisoner things”. “Arr, you’re real good, Gaspar,” he said. “For creating these unusual creatures...”
Gaspar protested, “They’re morfs, not any creature! And they’re the result of evolution...”
One big slap from Higuain made Gaspar very dizzy.
“Shuddup!” The Captain bellowed. “How dare you keep secrets from me? Have you forgotten? We were friends since we were small, and struggled together through the harsh life as adults. You have aided me in climbing the ladder towards glory, and suddenly, whoosh, you disappeared, just like that! You should’ve repaid my kindness to you by serving me for life! Arh!”
Gaspar smiled mockingly. “Well, that ‘for life’ thing is the problem. I was through being a pirate and wanted a normal life, so I left!”
The second slap almost parted Gaspar from his senses.
This time Fiore, Higuain’s pretty daughter and crafty first mate said, “Morfs, eh? These magical creatures will surely be tremendously useful for us, papa. That’s why Gaspar tried so hard to keep them secret.”
“You’re right.” Higuain nodded and stared closely at Gaspar. “Well, here’s the deal. Since we’re already near Flamenca, you only have two choices, Gaspar. Either you work for me for the rest of your life...”
The Captain’s face came closer to Gaspar’s. “... Or we will revisit Ymer Island, har, har. I think it’ll be easier to round up all those ‘slaves’ by burning the whole island out, isn’t that so, Fiore?”
“Aye, papa.” Fiore grinned, her face looked more frightening than ever.
Gaspar glanced at his two trusty morfs’ pleading face. And then he stared at the pirates, Higuain, and the vast sea all around the ship. And then, the father of the morfs made a decision, for the fate of himself, the morfkind, and also all the people in this ship named Durandal.
Gaspar gritted his teeth, his eyes widened with rage. For once, on that moment, he became more wolfish than the man who led this ship.

Four SWORD-SIZED STINGS

A few days later...
The once pitch-black sky became showered with a faint sunlight.
A boat with shark-like face on its prow, rowed by a hooded man was seen on the Centromare Sea. It came ashore on the eastern beach of Flamenca, an island situated just south from Escudia on the Aurelia mainland.
The man didn’t come down from the boat. Instead, two little creatures with shapes of a ball and a stick slowly disembarked. Alas, the ball slipped and fell on the beach, splattering sands everywhere and all over his body.
“Argh, it’s disgusting!” The ball morf bellowed, spitting sand from his mouth. “Can’t you just get on the solid ground first before we get down, Jasson?”
Jasson the boat morf answered with a grunt, “Sorry, Dion. During my long years taking Father Gaspar to and fro Ymer and Valanis, the humans must’ve been suspicious to see a four-legged boat walking on the beach, right?”
Aris raised his thumb in agreement.
“But, aren’t we supposed to disembark right next to town?” Dion yapped. “What is this place? Where is the Town of Flamenca?”
“It’s on the north coast. Please understand this, Dion. If the pirates ever even take a glimpse at us, they’ll capture and sell us. If we fight, our secret identities as morfs will be exposed for sure. Just keep calm, this forest is just a small distance from town. Just take a walk, and you’ll reach town in maybe two or three days, tops.”
Dion grumbled, “Huh easier said than done.”
Jasson curled a warm, fatherly smile towards the young morf. “Quit your complaining, young’un. Just consider this as part of your training. Remember Elder Biblio’s words, you must find your true power before going face-to-face with the enemies.”
Dion recalled Biblio’s stern words in his mind. “Then I have no choice but to send another morf in your stead.”
Finally, the crystal ball morf turned and started walking towards the forest. Without turning back he said, “Well, what are we waiting for, Aris? Let’s scour the forest.”
==oOo==
In this land of the giants, however, things were quite the same as in the Isle of Ymer. The trees here in the forest were about just as gigantic, as towering as the trees back home. Dion the morf curled a faint smile of security and comfort, sensing this might be going to be a pleasant adventure.
That feeling abruptly changed as a strange, different sense turned Dion’s comfort into uneasiness. The sounds of birds, grasshoppers, squirrels and other animals were louder from afar. The tones were somewhat harsh, as though they were shouting warnings, threats and hostility towards any creature that trespassed into their territory.
Suddenly, something poked Dion’s back. The ball morf turned in surprise and saw his partner, Aris there. Apparently, the magic wand morf just accidentally poked Dion with the jeweled tip of his head.
“Aris, what’s going on?” Dion asked. 
This time Aris only stood in place. Suddenly fire engulfed the big ruby on his head, as though he grew some fiery hair. Not only that, the whole magic wand’s body was glimmering red-hot.
Dion raised his palm. “No way, mister teacher! We have practiced in the boat for a fortnight, yet my true power won’t show up! And don’t display your powers here! This forest is too lush, too vulnerable to fire...”
Ignoring Dion’s arguments, Aris drew a ball morf engulfed in fire, as though saying, “If your true power won’t awaken, it must be stimulated by another power! Get ready, or my fire will burn you to crisp!”
The crystal ball morf whimpered. “Hey, don’t do that! I’ll practice again, but please not in this forest!”
That was it, Aris’ patience had run out. He shot a fireball from his head, hitting Dion square before the ball could dodge it.
Groaning in pain, the ball morf scolded, “Hey! Are you out of your mind!?”
Actually, Dion who spent much more time in the woods than Aris made a very good point. However, his tendency to avoid training and to break his promise to Elder Biblio made Aris shot more fireballs in frenzy.
 “Owch! Are you trying to kill me?” Dion hopped around, desperately trying to dodge the attacks. But, he was hit by more fireballs. Because of his slightly tenderized morf-form skin, although it was very thick, the fireballs still left burning marks and bruises on Dion’s body.
Suddenly, Dion heard buzzing noises from afar and shouted, “Aris, stop it! Listen!”
But Aris kept on firing. Either he thought Dion was trying to trick him or he wanted to corner his pupil into invoking whatever elemental power sleeping inside that ball morf’s body instantly.
When the buzzing sounds became deafening, Aris just realized that Dion didn’t trick him. With reflexes he somersaulted, avoiding a Dion-sized creature lunging straight towards him.
On the other hand, Dion who was more agile than Aris also avoided the second creature’s attack. For a moment, Dion recognized that winged, six-legged, yellow-and-black, big facet-eyed insect. He shouted to Aris, “They’re hornet bees! Watch out for their sword-sized stings!”
Aris, who was quite far apart from his partner nodded in comprehension. And then he moved his own body like a sword, parrying a giant sting thrust.
Another sting grazed Dion’s body, green slimy blood was drawn from that wound. Dion bellowed in pain. Yet, the worst wound in this adventure yet didn’t slow him down at all.
Dion caught the bee’s sting, pulled it down as hard as he could and plunged the sting into the ground. The hornet shook himself, trying to escape. Dion jumped and landed a hard kick right on that hornet’s big eye, knocking it out on the spot.
Before Dion stepped firmly on the ground, two more hornets flew towards him from opposite directions. Strangely, Dion only stood for a second as though resigning to fate. When the deadly stings were a human-palm away from their target, Dion quickly rolled forward like a bouncing ball. The two bug-witted bugs collided in mid-air and fell towards their doom.
Free from his opponents, Dion ran quickly to help his partner. Aris was overwhelmed, fighting three hornets at once, while three other stingers attacked from afar towards Dion.
“Aris, let’s combine our powers and fight them together!” Dion shouted and ran to find an opening for a breakthrough. “Come here!”
And then he said, “Now!”
So Aris ran at once through the opening. When he was quite near to Dion, Aris leapt real high and his feet stretched out as though he wanted to kick his partner.
Dion the master pugilist readily caught the sorcerer morf’s two feet. With great strength, Dion swung the fiery wand round and round, pivoting on his two feet. Two hornets were hit hard, while one other hornet was burnt by the fire from the magic ruby.
One sword-sting nearly impaled Dion, who luckily moved faster. The flying insect became one more burning victim of the fiery wand instead.
The two other surviving hornets instinctively turned and flew away at once.
Assessing this situation, Dion fell on his knees, grimacing with pain from his wounds. He said to his partner, “See, I told you so. Just trust this friend of yours once in a while, no?”
Aris only bowed, scraping the ground with his tiny feet.

Five MADAME ZYMA 

Since the hornets’ attack, Aris and Dion became more alert. As result, the two morfs managed to reach the northern border of Gonzalque Forest in Flamenca Island without much trouble.
With healing spells he learned from Gaspar, Aris managed to close and heal the wounds on Dion’s body as well as his.
However, the morfs must now face a greater challenge. It was a challenge from the outlaws and pirates of Aurelia, Ubanga and Al-Kalam gathering in one place. A town named Flamenca.
Of course, these little morfs tried so hard to avoid conflict in this “town of evil giants”. Patiently, they hid on the roadside outside town, waiting for a horse carriage or sorts going to town.
“Look, Aris, there’s one!” Dion shouted, pointing at a wooden cart from afar, going real slow, pulled by a cow.
When the driver, a fat woman went past the two morfs, Dion started to run with Aris, shouting, “Quick, or we’ll miss it!”
The fat woman suddenly stopped her cart, looking here-and-there to find anyone talking. A moment later, she shrugged and the wheels of the cow cart turned again.
Actually, the woman’s action just now gave enough time for Aris and Dion. The two morfs climbed into the cart and hid among the haystack. They sighed with relief, thanking their luck.
Suddenly, they were startled by the driver’s voice. “Hey, back there. You two new in town?”
There was no answer.
“No use pretendin’, I know there are two people hitchin’ a ride here, no matter how stealthy and lightweight you are.”
Still, there was no answer.
“Right, then I’ll let the town ruffians search the haystack...”
On that last statement, Aris and Dion leapt out from the haystack and stood right behind the woman, ready to strike with all they had.
The woman reacted by turning back and got startled without pretense.
“W-what are you?” she asked.
“As you can see, we are a crystal ball and a wand that can move and talk,” Dion answered casually. “What’s so strange about that?”
The fat woman fully turned to see the morfs clearer. “Honestly, I, Cybill Shapiro sometimes spot magical creatures in the forest, but never as bizarre as you are.”
“Oh well, we’re bizarre, all right. So, let’s go straight to the point. Are you going to let us hitch a ride to town, try to catch us or leave us here?”
Cybill laughed heartily. “Haha, of course I’ll help you to go into town. Because I believe, helpin’ people in need will bring goodness for me and my kids back home. Moreover, I think you are not criminals.” Her tone turned serious. “Well, where do you want to go to in this ‘filthy town’?”
Aris tugged Dion’s hand to keep him from telling the stranger more about their secret mission.
But the ball morf, who already trusted that kind-faced peasant woman said, “Do you know a fortune teller named Zyma in Flamenca?”
“Zyma, hmmm...” Cybill rubbed her chubby chin, then snapped her fingers.” Aha! I remember her. Zyma is quite well-known in Flamenca, you know.”
 “Can you take us to her home?”
“Of course. She lives in the west side of town, right?”
Dion answered, “Her house is in the east side.”
Cybill was abashed. “Oh, of course! How absent-minded I am! Oh well, you two just hide in the haystack again, okay? I’ll take you to Zyma’s house!”
Suspicious as this woman more likely was than being absent-minded, the morfs didn’t have a choice but to accept Cybill’s offer. They reckoned, the outlaws in Flamenca would only target luxurious-looking carriages, or what they suspect carrying valuable goods.
Although he had been warned to stay hidden at all times, Dion couldn’t help snooping outside the haystack. The view however was far from pleasant. Shabby houses stood in irregular rows, trash was scattered everywhere. Stench of rotten things and blood went into the morf’s mouth that also functioned as the sense of smell, causing Dion to feel sick almost instantly.
The “giants” walking to-and-fro on the streets were almost definitely the worst type. They looked like beggars and ruffians, far from decent. All of that made an impression that to survive in this town of pirates, everyone must be an outlaw.
Suddenly, a sly weasel-like man turned his head towards the haystack. Startled, Dion quickly closed his peeping gap and waited, his heart was thumping. Luckily the cart didn’t stop, so one danger had been avoided. 
Aris glared at the naughty Dion, but the ball morf only grinned. So both of them only sat silently, waiting while becoming more alert. In this autonomy territory once disputed between Kingdoms of Escudia and Corazon, anything could happen.
“Oy, little fellas! We’ve arrived at Madame Zyma’s house!” said Cybill’s voice.
The cart stopped. Excited by that last message, Dion wanted to leap out from this damp space. But Aris held him back, then opened a gap on the haystack and observed the situation outside.
Cybill was on the roadside, pointing towards a house. The wooden house was blackened, gloomy and beyond repair. It was like earth and heaven with Gaspar’s bright, good-looking house. Dion shivered. This ball morf who played as the “Ghost of Ymer” all this time thought, there was most likely a real ghost attached to this house.
Cybill smiled nicely again and said, “You guys just stay hidden, let me call Madame Zyma.”
And then, Cybill rang the little bell near the door too high for a morf’s reach.
“Here she comes. Just don’t move at all until she carries you into the house,” she said, referring to the footsteps approaching the door from inside.
Dion and Aris quickly hid their arms, legs and faces. Astonished by yet another wonder, the fat lady took and carried both of them towards the front door.
Just then the door opened, and a skinny-looking woman showed up. Her cheek-bones were showing, her skin was very pale and her two big eyes made her look like an owl hunting a mouse. A round, giant ring-like earrings hung on each of her two ears.
The woman’s voice was hoarse and frightening. “Who bothers Madame Zyma’s evening meditation?” She waved her curly, long black hair, covered with a red-blood bandana.
“It’s I, Cybill, a farmer from the suburbs. And I’m bringing your ordered goods, madame...”
Zyma protested, “I didn’t order anything...”
Cybill interrupted Zyma by showing her the magic wand and the crystal ball she brought, and then she blinked towards the hostess.
Zyma’s expression changed at once. “Ah, yes, I just remembered. Right, these are exactly the goods I’ve ordered. Thank you.”
Cybill handed the goods, waved her thick hands and walked back towards her cart, whistling a happy song.
Dion in immobile crystal ball form could still see Cybill through his supernatural eye inherited from the morfs’ ancestors, will o’ the wisps. His heart was soothed by the fact that they were very lucky to meet such a sincere person, just like a rare jewel in a giant pile of garbage.
Just then Dion felt himself going farther away from Cybill, carried by a giant hand into the house. The door was shut; he was carried all the way and was put on a table, along with Aris.
 Zyma sat before the “magic tools” and murmured, “Now, what’s so special about these farmer woman’s gifts...?”
At the same time, Dion and Aris transformed into morfs and stood straight.
Zyma was taken aback. “M-my, such fantastic creatures...! What are you, and where did you come from?”
“My name’s Dion, and this is my friend, Aris. We are called morfs. Where we came from is not important. We’re here to ask for your help, based on your promise to Father Gaspar in Torvue.”
Zyma’s face became pale, as though she just saw a ghost. “W-what did you say? Gaspar... Gaspar Portiva? What is he related to you, huh?” 
The mute Aris raised his palm, signifying Zyma to keep calm and patient. And then Dion carefully told Zyma about their relationship with Gaspar, their father’s kidnapping and their mission to rescue him from the pirates.
“Which pirate gang do you mean?” Zyma just made a sound inquiry, since there were so many pirate gangs in Flamenca, all under different Captains.
So, Aris answered by drawing the face of Tri-Beard, the pirate Captain who kidnapped Gaspar.
“No doubt about it, it’s Higuain Morales,” said Zyma, moving to lean on her comfortable chair. “But... are you crazy, challenging the strongest and fiercest gang in the whole continent?”
Dion extended his hand. “Maybe so. But, with your help, Madame Zyma, rescuing Father Gaspar won’t be much like a suicide mission.”
All those talks made the fortune teller’s cheek look thinner. She took a plate containing a roast steak for her dinner, also a knife and a fork. She was about to have dinner in front of her guests.
Zyma’s action caused Dion’s eyes to widen. That grown-up woman should’ve been more lady-like by offering food to these two weary, famished morfs first.
With a very fast and sudden movement, Zyma thrusted her knife towards Dion and her fork towards Aris.
It was too late for these tiny, tender morfs to avoid this deadly strike.
==oOo==
Dion reacted faster by moving back, but Zyma’s knife still grazed him. The ball morf closed his eyes and grimaced. However, there was no feeling on his body except of an insect bite-like pain.
Realizing he was still alive, Dion slowly opened his eyes. Zyma’s face looked very close to the morf. Without thinking, Dion landed a powerful punch on that long-faced woman.
“Owch!” Zyma rubbed her cheek. “What’s wrong with you?”
Dion interpreted Aris’ signal, “We should’ve asked you that instead!”
“Hmh... oh?” Zyma’s eyes widened for a moment, and then her thin lips curled to a side. “Sorry, all of a sudden a curious feeling came over me.”
Dion and Aris stared at each other and towards Zyma.
Dion asked, “About what?”
“About how you can transform and disguise into solid objects. I think when your faces show, your ‘skins’ must be quite tender.”
“It’s true, but our skins are still hard enough to deflect knives and forks! Please madame, just go straight to the point. Are you going to help us, or to break your promise to Father Gaspar?” Clearly, Dion’s patience had run out. He even forgot to ask Zyma what “the Promise in Torvue” was all about.
Dion kept staring at Zyma’s eyes without a blink.
Finally, the fortune teller sighed. “All right, I’ll help you rescue Gaspar. But remember, after that I shall be indebted to him no more. Anything you’ll ask me to do then, other than fortune-telling, I shall charge you a fortune for that.”
Aris tapped Dion’s shoulder, but the ball morf thought that was a signal of support. So, to Zyma he said, “I agree.”
“Very well, then. Let me finish my dinner first, and then we’ll get to work. You two, do join in!” Zyma pointed at the dining table with a smile. “You must be hungry and tired after a long journey, right?”
Seeing so much food in the table, especially fruits and vegetables, Dion tried hard not to drool. “Wow, thanks, madame! It seems you have predicted our visit and prepared everything.”
“Well, that’s what I do for a living,” said Zyma, going back to cutting her beef steak.
Seeing that, Aris tapped his forehead and rubbed down his face, hiding his silent giggle. Actually, Zyma’s “evening meditation” was no other than having dinner.
With rejuvenated bodies and clear minds after a hearty meal and a much-needed rest, the three individuals in the fortune teller’s house were ready to begin their work.
“Now, just concentrate your thoughts on the crystal ball in front of me,” said Zyma. “Not you, Dion, but this crystal ball here.”
“Oh, I see.” Dion’s face turned red when he saw his twin, the fortune teller’s own crystal ball.
The brown-and-white-dressed woman began by moving both palms of her hands above the crystal ball, as though rubbing it. With eyes opened wide and hoarse, yet melodious voice, Zyma chanted some kind of spell.
The next moment, smoke curled like a white cloud inside that crystal ball. It was getting bigger and bigger, as though covering the whole interior of the ball.
Dion was awestruck. He never saw Father Gaspar did this with him, other crystal ball morfs or the original article. That was because Gaspar was an expert in alchemy, not divination.
“Well, Dion or Aris, just touch the crystal ball,” Zyma invited while still chanting.
Aris who was mentally more powerful than Dion came forward and touched the crystal ball.
“Focus your mind,” Zyma continued. “Just picture the person you’re looking for in your mind. If he’s still alive, the crystal ball will show where he is and his current condition.”
Aris’ eyes were closed, a sign that he was in full concentration.
Meanwhile, Dion kept observing the smoke in the crystal ball. The smoke moved slowly as reaction, and Dion started to see a blurry image inside that ball.
Slowly, the image became clearer, showing a man sitting on top of a wooden bed, leaning on a damp, stone wall. His face was pale, and his eyes were shut. Either he was resting or praying, no one knew.
“Where are Ector and Circe?” Dion wondered.
The crystal ball image shifted. The two prisoner morfs were also in the same iron-barred room. Ector was going to-and-fro, while Circe was sleeping in magic pyramid form on the table.
 “Ah, thank goodness they’re all right.” Dion sighed in relief. “But, what is that place?”
Zyma answered, “That’s a prison cell in a building on land, not a ship. There’s only one conclusion, Gaspar is now being held prisoner inside Higuain Morales’ fortress in Flamenca.”
“Imprisoned?” Dion was puzzled. “That’s odd. I thought with stealthy magical powers, plus Circe and Ector, the three of them must’ve escaped from there!”
“That’s right. I think they’re not tied up to chains, but a threat. It was a threat too severe; it can subdue a powerful magician like Gaspar.” Zyma lifted her hand. The smoke disappeared instantly along with the images of Gaspar, Ector and Circe.
Dion exchanged glances with Aris, terrified upon their own obvious assumption upon what Higuain’s threat was about.
Dion stammered, “So, t-the only way to free F-father Gaspar and prevent Higuain’s threat to happen is... fighting and killing Higuain and his whole gang!”
A sudden silence came.
A few moments later, Zyma’s hoarse voice broke that silence, “One more question. Can a mage and four tiny morfs take on a horde of seasoned fighters?”
“I understand you want to warn us that this is definitely a suicide mission if we proceed,” said Dion. “But, if you, madame help us infiltrate their fortress, plus Aris’ magic and my superb strength and agility, there’s a good chance we might accomplish the impossible.”
Aris nodded slowly, but his whole body trembled.
On the other hand, the furrows on Zyma’s forehead somewhat became more distinct. Moments later, her thin-lipped broad mouth spoke, “You know, many pirate Captains usually come to my house to have me read their fortunes. Only Tri-Beard allows me to read his fortune in his fortress.”
Aris drew a question mark and Dion asked, “How come?”
Zyma answered, “My predictions are more accurate if they’re done in the object’s house. Well, since Captain Higuain is in town, I happen to have a fortune-telling session with him tomorrow evening. So, you two can infiltrate his fortress by disguising as my tools of trade.”
“Wow, that’s an excellent opportunity!” Dion was overjoyed. “Let’s make plans and preparations, we’re bound to rescue our father after all!”
Aris nodded slowly, his face became sullen all of a sudden, as a strange feeling came over him. This plan was too perfect, too easy. Still, he had no choice but to accept the aid from this woman whom the pirate Captains trusted their innermost secrets. If only he could tell Dion to be more alert and cautious.
The only way was forward.

Six A PROMISE IN TORVUE

As a morf who had never been used as an inanimate object, Dion felt uncomfortable. Moreover, it was rather difficult for him to breathe in this smelly and damp leather bag.
Dion couldn’t stand it any longer and opened his eyes. Aris also opened his eyes and bumped himself into the crystal ball morf, signaling him to bear it just a little longer. But Dion the naughty morf lifted the bag cover and spied outside. Seeing that, Aris sighed and spied too.
Not very far from downtown Flamenca, a massive building stood beneath the dimming evening sun. The building looked grim, like a flat, rock mount. Actually, it was smaller than a castle. Its form and structure was more like a fortress than a mansion. That was the sign of the pirate gang leader who was more powerful than the town mayor.
Rows of human skulls were impaled and displayed on the stone parapet surrounding the fortress. Those were the skulls of Higuain Gang’s victims, a more than enough warning about what happened to those who resisted or opposed them.
Zyma was telling that to the morfs and ended it with a whisper, “You two, disguise yourselves now, we’re close.”
Dion and Aris got back into Zyma’s damp bag, transforming into immobile form as planned.
The pirates’ voices were heard from outside. First, it was the greeting, “G’evening, madame. Please come in, madame.”
And then, Dion heard the sound of a door being opened, followed by more and louder pirate voices. It was hard to catch anything they said. 
Suddenly, the bag was opened. Zyma’s skinny, five-legged spider-like hands came in and grabbed Aris.
Dion saw that action and only thought, Good, so far everything is going along with the plan. Aris is being deployed near Father Gaspar’s cell. My share in this mission will come when Zyma starts her performance.
Dion’s attention then focused on a deep, heavy, manly voice. “Harr, Zyma. Are you ready?” From the way he called the fortune-teller, Dion assumed that man must be Higuain. He and Zyma must’ve been real close.
Zyma’s voice responded, “Of course, shall we begin?”
“Aye. Ladies first.”
While the two people were walking, Dioin tried to remember his task. When Zyma delivers her prediction, she will secretly hypnotize Higuain. And then, I’ll get up quickly, take a knife hidden inside the crystal ball plate and stab the Captain’s throat. His subordinates will be confused and disoriented, they’ll be sitting ducks for Father Gaspar, Aris, Circe and Ector. Yes, we must succeed. One wrong move, all will be lost.
Just then Dion felt himself lifted, taken out from the bag and put on a table. And then, he felt an old man’s rough hand touched him, and his body got heated up at once.
Dion was one step away to open the door for his friends towards freedom, even if his life is on the line.
It was just one step away.
==oOo==
Meanwhile, two eyes appeared on the magic wand which was piled up among other things on the stone floor. The eyeballs moved left, right and disappeared again when a pirate came by.
When Aris was sure the pirate went out of sight and no one was around, he opened his eyes again.  This time his legs and arms popped out, lifting the magic wand morf until he stood up and started walking.
Following Zyma’s clue, Aris walked stealthily downstairs to the basement of the fortress. Suddenly, he was startled to hear footsteps going downstairs from the ground floor. The quick-witted Aris swiftly climbed a wooden post next to the wall. He then ignited the ruby on top of his head, disguising himself as a torch.
The liquor-reeked pirate took no heed towards Aris. He walked on by downstairs, murmuring, “Ay, Missus’ Fiore sure cares, puttin’ torch ‘ere so people on the stairs won’ go slippin’, hic, hic!” A horrendous chain of hiccups followed.
When the footsteps died away, Aris opened his eyes, went down the post and downstairs.
Entering the dungeons, Aris saw the pirate from just now sitting and chatting with the warden. The morf used this chance to slip past them unnoticed and went all the way to the corridor.
There were several cells on the left and right of the damp corridor, and only one of them was occupied. So, Aris’ lean body slipped easily through the iron bars and he skipped all about to attract the occupants’ attention.
Ector the square morf saw him and shouted, “Aris!? What...!”
Circe the pyramid morf quickly shut Ector’s mouth with her hands, talking with a more hushed voice, “What are you doing here?”
Aris quickly drew a key and an arrow mark that pointed towards the iron bars in the air.
“You want to free us? But... we can’t go away just like that!” Gaspar whispered.
Aris drew a ship heading towards an island, signifying that he knew about Tri-Beard’s threat.
Gaspar observed Aris’ images and talked on, “What are you planning to do with... Wait, who are you here with?”
The answer came in an image of a round figure with hands and legs, also a lean woman with very long, curly hair.
“My goodness, so you and Dion came here with Zyma?”
Aris responded with a nod.
“This is bad! Come; let’s go out from this cell! Dion and the whole Morf Village are in a grave danger!” Gaspar exclaimed, almost panicky.
Baffled, Aris drew a question mark.
At the same time, suddenly the warden barged ahead along the corridor and yelled hoarsely, “Hey, what’s the ruckus? Shut yer holes, or...!”
“W-wait,” Gaspar interrupted. “We are just discussing a very good news. Come here, I’ll let you know...”
Either he was hypnotized or heavily drunk, or the gang rarely imprisoned their victims so the warden of these usually vacant dungeons was selected from the dumbest gang members, the bald man approached Gaspar, saying, “What, what?”
When the bald warden was so close to the iron bars, with a jerk Gaspar pulled the man’s arm, bumping his whole head and body on the solid metal. Ector added a “final touch” with his rock-hard body, knocking the bald man unconscious.
Just then Gaspar let him know, “The good news is, you can go to sleep now. Sweet dreams!”
Dexterously, Circe took the chain of keys hanging on the bald warden’s waist. She then matched the keys on the cell door one-by-one. Luckily the third key opened the door.
 No time to waste, Gaspar and the morfs charged out from the cell.
“Come on! We must save Dion before it’s too late!” Gaspar shouted while running.
Couldn’t help that something was amiss, Aris wanted to ask Gaspar about Zyma. But his three friends were too busy fighting other pirates, they couldn’t possibly pay attention to the mute morf’s signs.
Aris’ heart pounded heavily, his intuition told him that the great danger currently awaited not only for Dion, but for Gaspar’s group as well.
==oOo==
Back to the private room, Zyma was rubbing her fortune telling ball. A white smoke appeared, welling up inside the crystal ball.
Dion’s magical sight was blocked by the smoke, but he still could pinpoint his target by Higuain’s touch. He saw the image in the smoke too.
The first image was of a human skull with three-pronged beard and a hat just like Higuain’s. Zyma’s comment followed, “You will face a great danger, a serious threat on your life.”
“Phuh, who or what in this world is powerful enough to threaten me? Harr!” Higuain retorted haughtily.
Alomst instantly, more and more skulls appeared in rows on stakes, just like the display on Higuain’s fortress parapet.
“Not only your life. Your daughter’s and all your men’s lives are also like candles in the wind,” Zyma talks on, this time her voice was like she was being strangled.
Dion felt a strange chill inside. Was that the sign that the fortune-telling woman had started to hypnotize the Captain? Zyma hadn’t spoken the signal yet. But Higuain was suddenly silent, so Dion was sure that Zyma’s hypnotism was starting to take effect.
Zyma continued, “And the one who owned these two eyes has something to do with those threats!”
Startled, Dion saw that the image inside the smoke changed into eyes of either a snake or a lizard. The eyes then got bigger and their shapes shifted very big and round like... a morf’s!?
Dion started to panic. What was Zyma playing at? Did Zyma just warn Higuain about this assassination attempt? Before Dion could do anything, he felt his eyes were being forced to appear on the crystal ball. The next thing he saw was Tri-Beard’s face. He didn’t look like he was being hypnotized at all.
Higuain grinned instead. “You’re trapped, arrr!”
Being surprised like that, Dion became desperate. His hands and feet showed up at once. He then got up and took the dagger from the crystal ball plate and he stabbed with all his might. The dagger found its mark, but the sound resulted was metal clanging with metal. Shocked, Dion moved back instantly.
“Har, harh! I toldja you’re trapped, landlubber ball! Your plans are all failed! Maybe this will make you get it!” Higuain swung the cutlass he just took from under the fortune-telling table at the ball morf.
Quickly, Dion parried the slash with his dagger. Alas, the Captain’s attack was far more powerful than his, so it sent Dion flying from the table top and crash-landed on the floor. Once again, the morf’s tender body absorbed the impact force so Dion didn’t break or crack. Instead, he felt a stinging pain as did humans.
Dion said, “Uugh... Zyma, you... you traitor! How dare you break your promise to Father Gaspar just to side with these villains?”
Zyma laughed. “Me, a traitor? Listen, morf! If I let you harm my husband and daughter, that’s treason!”
Dion was thunderstruck. “Y-you are...?”
“Arr, that’s right, you fool,” Higuain added. “Our relationship was really secret, and all our gang members who knew it have sworn not to expose it, intentionally or not, on the pain of death. So, all the talks about us in Flamenca was nothing but hushed-up rumors. Anyone who tries to expose our secret will surely lose his life, gharr.”
So, hugging her husband’s waist, Madame Zyma Morales threatened, “So, what is your choice, morf? Are you going to join Gaspar and the others as our slaves, or we’ll annihilate your kind into extinction?”
The wily woman’s words made Dion’s blood boil. “No way! I choose the third option! I’ll kill you all so morfkind may survive!”
“Harrh, is that your final decision?” asked Higuain.
There was only one answer. Bellowing fiercely, Dion attacked Higuain and Zyma with the dagger.
“You fool! Die, you garbage, gghargh!” Higuain charged forward, swinging his cutlass to split the morf in two.
Dion evaded by moving backwards. He then leapt forward, thrusting the knife towards his opponent’s chest. Again, metal clanged with metal.
“Har-har. I told you I’m ready.” Higuain showed a chain vest he wore behind the layers of his clothes. He then kicked Dion very hard like kicking a ball. The morf flew again, bumped into a wall and fell onto the floor near the table.
Grimacing in pain, Dion forced his body to move. But the opponent’s giant feet and boot pressed him so hard on the ground.
“Time to end this ‘ball-kicking’ game, harr! Good bye!” Higuain slashed again.
Just then, a blue spark emanated from Dion’s body. The lightning current travelled by Higuain’s leather shoe, delivering a powerful shock to its owner. The man reactively jumped backwards, and the wooden table stopped his fall.
“W-what?” Zyma’s eyes widened. Dion’s body now glimmered like a lightning ball.
On the other hand, Higuain had seen the morf’s true power in Ector and Circe. However, for the first time, his hands were shaking from Dion’s lightning. It was more powerful than anything he ever felt before, even in humans.
“I thank you, Higuain, because you have awakened my true power,” said Dion the ball morf, the lightning energy was welling up inside his body. “So, now you got the honor of being the first man to taste the ultimate lightning energy. Heeaah!”
With a lightning-fast move, Dion was almost invisible. Even Higuain’s old eyes only caught the sight of a blurry ball zooming here and there.
“Harg! Damn!” Time and time again, Higuain slashed at the position where the lightning ball was going to go. But his cutlass cut only air.
Every time Higuain lunged, Dion’s body slammed him hard from an unexpected angle. Added with the lightning power effect straight to the bone, the toughest man in Flamenca roared like a lion in pain. If this went on, Higuain’s body defenses would crumble. Even if he didn’t die, he would be permanently paralyzed.
So, Zyma opened the door. She let the pirates in and shouted, “You men, help your Captain! Destroy that ball!”
Pitted against seven pirates, Dion moved even faster. He dodged every attack and rammed himself into each and every enemy, knocking them out. Even swatting a dodgy fly was trivial compared to hitting this lightning ball morf.
One pirate even got hit squarely on the chest. He fell down and writhed in pain and convulsions, as deadly lightning energy surged all over his body.
Suddenly, Dion redirected his attack straight towards Higuain’s chest covered with the iron vest. The lightning conductive metal would be the bane for its wearer.
Reactively, Tri-Beard’s cutlass slashed right on the flying ball.
Dion quickly grabbed the broad side of the cutlass blade with his two hands like clapping. He then spread lightning through the blade, into and throughout Higuain’s body, dealing him a deadly and excruciating torture.
When Higuain was on death’s door, a woman shouted at the top of her voice, “Let go of my papa, or I’ll kill your friends!”
Dion’s eyes appeared on the part that was supposed to be his back. He saw his friends Aris, Circe and Ector being held by a large group of pirates. The woman who shouted, Fiore was on the front of the group, putting the blade of her rapier on Father Gaspar’s neck.
Dion had no choice but to jerk himself away until he fell on the floor. His lightning power weakened and finally faded away. Just then, several enemy weapons were pointed right at him.
“Forgive us,” said Gaspar feebly. “We were not powerful enough to repel all these people.” Bruises and wounds were all over the old man and the morfs as the signs of their struggle.
Even if Dion defeated Higuain, his friends would die and all would be lost. Fiore would take her revenge, and disaster would befall Ymer.
Clearly, the morfs’ plan had failed, and now their lives were in the cruel pirates’ hands.
“Papa mama, are you all right?” Fiore shouted without loosening her grip on her hostage.
Zyma, Fiore’s mother answered. “I’m all right, Fio, but your father was almost killed. If anything bad should happen to him, avenge him sevenfold to all morfs in Ymer Island!”
The young woman’s blood boiled. “Damn you, Gaspar! Give me just one good reason not to kill you and all your sewer rats here and now!”
“Maybe you should ask your mother instead, young woman,” said Gaspar, glancing out of the corner of his eyes towards the fortune teller. “Ask her about ‘the promise in Torvue’.”
“What do you mean? Don’t make up excuses, old man!”
“This is a secret between me and your mother, and this concerns you.”
“What’s going on, mama?! This old man is only making things up to save his own arse, right?” said Fiore to her mother, and then to Gaspar. “I’ve had enough of your hollow reasons! You must die to pay for my father’s wounds!”
All reason gone, Fiore tightened her grip on her rapier, ready to slit her hostage’s throat.
“Wait, Fiore!” Zyma shouted. “You must not kill him!
“But why?” Fiore was baffled.
“Because Gaspar Portiva is your true natural father.”
Zyma’s words stabbed Fiore’s mind more severely than Dion’s lightning.
“Mama... you lied! This decrepit old man can’t be my father! He... he left the gang when mama married papa!”
Still, staring at his unconscious husband, Zyma continued, “A moment before I accepted Higuain’s proposal, I had an affair with Gaspar when we pillaged Torvue.” Torvue was a trade and harbor city on the southwest coast of the Kingdom of Escudia, near the border with the Kingdom of Corazon.
All morfs and Higuain’s men were frozen like statues on hearing the Captain’s wife’s statement. Part of the men’s reason was they were afraid of what Higuain would do if he heard all this.
Zyma caressed Higuain’s face. “We were very drunk at that time, and it all happened so fast. Only when I found out I was pregnant, we realized that we had done the unforgivable.” She broke out crying.
Gaspar took his turn to talk, “So, we made a promise to each other. We let Higuain married your mother and considered you as his natural daughter. And I left the gang and lived in seclusion, far from all of you, so the secret will be buried deep forever.”
Dion listened to each and every word, especially when Gaspar told this part, “On one condition, if Higuain captures me one day, Zyma must secretly try to let me escape. Alas, Zyma chose to side with her husband and trapped Dion and Aris instead. Added with Higuain’s threat to annihilate morfkind, I have no choice but to expose this secret.”
“SHUT UP! SHUT UP, ALL OF YOU!” Fiore stepped back, her hands gripped her head as though she was in terrible pain. “This is all a LIE, the biggest lie I ever heard in my life! You’re not my father, Gaspar! I am Fiore Morales; my father is the great Higuain Morales! You are just a disruptor who hypnotized my mother, feeding her with lies to safe yourself and your magic puppets! Get him, my brothers! I’ll finish this bastard myself...!”
Zyma abruptly came between Fiore and Gaspar with outstretched hands. “Fiore! Even the cruelest pirates won’t kill their fathers!”
“Stand back, mama! Or I’ll...!”
“You’ll kill me too?” Zyma retorted. “Your papa taught you too well, he has turned you into a demon! If that’s so, just kill me, your mama! Come on, do it!”
Fiore was taken aback. Her mother’s words returned her into her senses. A drop of conscience still remained in her heart had stopped the demon from completely controlling that young woman’s mind and soul.
But still, the young girl was still in dire straits. Would she kill her natural parents, or let this disgrace ruin her future? Truthfully, there was one person who could unravel this complication. It all depended on that person’s decision. Not Fiore, Not, Zyma, and definitely not Gaspar.
That person in question was now walking towards them, clapping hands.
“Harr, good, good. It was such a grand performance,” said Higuain. His face was still pale from his wounds, but he covered it up with authority and a bit of arrogance.
Zyma’s eyes widened. She wanted to warn Higuain about that man’s condition, but her position made her stay silent instead.
Tri-Beard continued, “In that case, let me be frank too, arrr. Since the very start I know that Fiore isn’t my natural daughter. But Zyma’s care and love for me all these years, and Fiore who grew into a reliable, brilliant first mate convinced me that my decision to spare all their lives was right, for the good of all.”
Higuain’s eyes now fixated at Zyma dan Gaspar. “Arr, but what remained unknown in that secret was the condition in that ‘promise in Torvue’. Zyma has decided correctly by breaking that promise and choosing to stay loyal to me. But, the result was this awkward situation was no longer avoidable, arr.”
“So, how should we solve this, papa?” Still shaken, Fiore talked and pointed her rapier at her own natural parents.
“Arrh! Because I’m in a great mood after a good match with that morf,” said Higuain, pointing at Dion. “I want to offer you a new deal.”
All people present stare at each other, trying to guess the Captain’s intention.
Fiore asked, “A deal with whom, papa?”
“A thousand blistering barnacles!” Higuain answered. “Of course with your mama and Gaspar, garr!” Zyma and Gaspar shivered.
“I swear that I, my daughter, and all my men here will let the bygones be bygones. Anyone who dares to bring up the ‘promise in Torvue’ affair and anything about my daughter’s identity will get death penalty without trial, arr.”
Gaspar and Zyma accidentally sighed with relief, as though the worst was over.
“With one condition, arr.” Higuain Morales raised one pointing finger. “You, Zyma and you, Gaspar must renew your oath of loyalty, arr! From this moment on, you, including all morfs here are bound to serve Morales Family for the rest of your lives. If one of you break it, not only you, all morfs in Ymer Island will perish into extinction, arrh!”
Cold sweat ran down from Gaspar and Zyma’s foreheads. If they reject this proposal, they must settle things with bloodshed. At this rate, Fiore would end up losing her natural parents and her mind.
“Garr! What’s your answer? Are you two willing to comply with my terms in this new agreement?” Higuain stared at Zyma and Gaspar like a wolf ready to pounce at its preys.
Even Dion the morf realized the torch was on Madame Zyma and Father Gaspar’s hands. What would they do? Carrying that torch as long as they live, or threw it away, spreading fire and burning places where the innocents live?
Their choice may be obvious, but right now Dion must prepare himself for the unexpected. Secretly, a blue light sparked on his hands, ready to be unleashed if things turned to the worst.

Seven THE PIRATE MORFS

After a chain of drastic, lightning-speed turn of events, Dion found himself standing on the deck of the two-mast ship, Durandal.
The warmth of the morning sun was in harmony with the breeze on the Petravia Ocean offshore Cadoban, capital of the Kingdom of Corazon. The cool breeze caressed Dion’s crystal ball-shaped morf body, seeping into the minuscule pores on that thick but tender skin.
Next to Dion stood his best friend Ector, the green tool box morf. Seeing Dion’s sulky face, Ector patted the ball morf’s back and said, “The worst was past. Don’t just complain all the time. C’mon, let’s live life with a clear, open mind and a thankful heart.”
However, Dion still sulked. “And live as what, outlaws, pirates, slaves? This is wrong! I don’t want to spend the rest of my life like this!”
“I know, Dion. I don’t want this either. But, just try to remember Elder Biblio and Father Gaspar’s teachings. We must be thankful that we’re still alive and can still breathe through the pores on our skins. At least, there’s a hope that one day, Vadis the Almighty One will open a path towards freedom. When that happens, we’ll be returning home to Ymer, living in peace with all other morfs in our village.”
A flicker of spirit grew on Dion’s eyes. Ector was right. As long as they were still breathing, hope would always be there, though it was like a flickering firefly light in the blackest night.
Dion glanced towards the Captain’s room, where Father Gaspar, Circe and Aris were conferring with Captain Higuain and First Mate Fiore. It was confirmed, Gaspar and Zyma had accepted Higuain’s offer. They even sealed the deed with their bloody thumbs, meaning that they were bound for life by that agreement, unless Higuain, Fiore or their descendants freed them.
Gaspar was appointed Second Mate, physician and mage in Durandal. Zyma was entrusted to take care of everything in the fortress while her husband and daughter were sailing. Their high position however didn’t change the fact that they were bound to serve Tri-Beard for life. 
Dion just grabbed the broom to swab the deck when suddenly a shout came from the watch post on the top of the main mast. “Sails ho, due port! Sails ho, due port!”
Spontaneously, Higuain got out from the room along with his two officers. The Captain rushed to the port and saw afar with his telescope.
“What ship is that?” Fiore asked, standing next to Higuain.
“Here, you see it. See if your guess matches with mine, arr.” Higuain handed the telescope to Fiore, who used it at once.
“That’s a three-mast ship. Its body is large and bulky, and it moves fairly slowly. From the flag, it looks like a merchant ship from Corazon. But I think there are many ballistae hidden in its hull,” said Fiore. “It’s actually a combination of a merchant and battle ship.”
Higuain laughed. “A thousand blistering barnacles! Those Corazonians are quite crafty, all right. Instead of being accompanied by escort ships, they rather choose to trick us. But my daughter Fiore has seen through their trickery, so let’s give them a craftier trick!”
All men shouted, “HUZZAH! HUZZAH! HUZZAH!” The morfs also shouted half-loudly.
“Aye! Today, we’ll topple that fat whale, because we are the sharks!” Higuain’s voice was thunderous. “All hands on positions, arr! Helmsman, turn towards them with normal speed! You there! Hail that ship! Tell them we want to trade with them!”
 The assigned men carried out their tasks at once.
Higuain shouted one last instruction, “When our ship is aligned with theirs, we’ll fly the Jolly Roger!” Apparently, all this time the flag on their ship was of a white winged horse, a pegasus on plain green background, the national flag of Escudia. The name plate also read “La Mandraga”, not Durandal.
Fiore and Higuain were among the ones who hid on the deck. On the other hand, Gaspar who looked like a honest merchant stood on the helm like a Captain, with shabby but somewhat more “decent-looking” pirates as seamen. Of course, Dion and the other morfs stood guard near their guardian father with tension on their faces.
The two ships then communicate with each other with sunlight flashes on the mirrors as signals, a method that can only be done in daylight. Thinking that Durandal was La Mandraga, a merchant ship, the bulky ship approached the mid-sized ship like a whale closing in on a dolphin.
At that time, Dion felt time was moving slowly in an eerie silence. Only “Captain” Gaspar talked, offering a cargo of valuable spices from the Region of Antapada the largest archipelago in the World of Terra Everna. The Corazonian ship approached on as several merchants on board was quite interested with Gaspar’s offer.
When the two ships were aligned in the line of ballista fire, suddenly the real Captain of La Mandraga, Higuain got up from his hiding place and shouted, “ATTACK, NOW!”
Jolly Roger, the pirate flag was raised, the secret windows on the hull were opened, and ballistae were pushed forward. The pirates with bows also appeared, showering the deck of the big ship with a rain of arrows.
The pirates’ sudden move surprised all people on the big merchant ship, making them panicked and in disarray. Before the enemy can act, Higuain delivered his next order, “BALLISTA, FIRE!”
A flurry of giant arrows was launched from the ship which real name was Durandal, raining on the Corazonian ship, Quarviola. Big ropes were attached on the rear end of each arrow; the men on the Durandal climbed them across to board the enemy ship. Also, the ropes were shot into Quarviola masts and sails. The pirates swung across on them with cutlasses on their teeth.
A great chaos ensued on the deck of the big ship. The seamen and passengers who generally didn’t wield any weapon ran for their lives. Screams of the pirates’ victims filled the air. However, many more Quarviola seamen were ready with their own weapons and gave a very sound resistance. So, casualties began to fall on the pirates’ side as well.
Without too much effort, Higuain and Fiore overpowered their inferior opponents on Quarviola. They were mostly soldiers, armed seamen, and also merchants who mastered general swordsmanship for their own protection. 
In approximately a half-hour, Higuain finally went face-to-face with the Captain of the Quarviola. The opponent was a glutinous-looking man, wearing a green-and-purple set of luxurious suit. Standing tall and stout, the fat Captain held a trident upright.
“Huh, Tri-Beard,” said the fat Captain. “Let’s see if you can withstand Udolfo Vimenez’s trident!”
Higuain mocked, “Udolfo, you say? Harr, I think I shall remember your name with a hearty laugh, which I shall carve on your skull for my fortress decoration, you fat whale!”
When Higuain was about to pounce, Fiore went in front of him, shouting, “Let me handle this pile of meat, papa!”
Higuain was taken aback, and on the next moment he curled a smile. He was convinced that his heir will overcome any adversary.
Fiore’s rapier slashed and lunged rapidly and fiercely, yet Udolfo parried them all with ease.
So, Udolfo threw an insult, “Hi, puppet. Don’t play here, or you’ll break your nails.”
But, what was a broken nail to a fighter like Fiore? “On the contrary, I’m just having fun playing Pinata,” she replied. Pinata was a children’s play in Escudia and Corazon. One of its most popular version was to hit a paper donkey doll full of presents hanging on a tree with a pinned stick while blindfolded. “And you’re the cute, chubby donkey doll.”
Offended by Fiore’s counter-insult, Udolfo’s trident swing became less accurate. As result, Fiore’s giant pin-like blade almost found its mark on his belly. “Darn it!” he bellowed.
However, as an experienced fighter, Captain Udolfo Vimenez quickly composed himself. With a clear mind, his moves became more accurate and unpredictable. His trident tangled and locked Fiore’s thrust, diverting its course away. He then kicked the side of the pretty girl’s ribs.
This time, it was Fiore’s turn to lose her balance and almost fell down. Yet, being nimble allowed her to move away out of her opponent’s reach.
“Heh heh, just quit it, puppet. Let your papa fight for you. Just go back to the kitchen and cook, now that’s your rightful place!” The broad man lunged more fiercely, like a fisherman spearing a school of fish.
Unexpectedly, this time Fiore chose to rely on her agility. She evaded Udolfo’s strikes like dancing. She paid no heed to the opponent’s repeated insults, let alone using her witty retorts again. After defeating two morfs, Ector and Circe who were nimbler than her, Fiore had nothing to fear from this broad man who talked more than he moved.
Using the mast and the things on the deck, Fiore kept using her “hit-and-run” trick. She was trying to find out her opponent’s weak spot or vulnerable opening. One time, Fiore somersaulted two times backwards, creating some distance from Captain Udolfo Vimenez.
“I change my mind. You are only suitable as whale bait!” Udolfo’s trident lunged more quickly and powerfully towards the opponent, like a whale ramming into a ship.
Fiore couldn’t run away from it, so she prepared to avoid or parry that strike.
When he was inside spear range, suddenly Udolfo changed his move. He jumped very high and went downwards almost vertically, showering Fiore below with trident thrusts like a jaw of a whale opened wide and closing, devouring everything it swallowed.
Fiore was like ensnared in the net of death, but her quick wit drove her into counterattacking. The pirate girl spun her body and jumped up like a spiral. She unleashed one thrust, concentrating all her power on one point, the tip of her thin-bladed rapier. For any eye sharp enough to see it, Fiore looked like a human whirlwind.
The sword whirlwind dispersed the trident tempest and went straight into the target, the opponent’s heart.
Udolfo landed several slashes on Fiore’s torso and limbs, but that was nothing compared with his heart, his own most vital organ got punctured.
“Aack... You’re good... puppet.” With that last word, Udolfo Vimenez’s lifeless body fell upon Fiore, his trident fell from his hands.
Though he knew Fiore wasn’t his natural daughter, fatherly love drove Higuain to rush forward. He rolled the dead bulky body away from his daughter.
Fiore’s eyes were closed, her face looked very pale. So Higuain hugged her, panic was apparent in his words. “Aarh, Fiore, my child! Wake up! Open your eyes, Fiore, please! I know, you’re stronger than this!”
 Probably for the first time since Fiore was born, genuine tears rolled out from this fierce pirate’s eyes. Caressing his daughter’s beautiful face, Tri-Beard said, “You’re my only hope, my heir. I beg you, Fiore, wake up!”
Fiore still didn’t move at all, neither a twitch, nor a jerk, whatever. Higuain couldn’t hold it anymore, he hugged his daughter’s body so tight and he genuinely cried.
The pirates protecting Fiore and Higuain stared at their Captain with surprise.
Gaspar moved forward towards his natural daughter, but he changed his mind. He might physically be Fiore’s true father, but in terms of mind and soul, Fiore and Higuain were two of a kind. And there was no room for Gaspar between them; in fact there was no room for him at all.
Yet, now Higuain was in his most vulnerable state, he cared for nothing else besides Fiore.
Dion noticed this. Lightning sparked on his hands, ready to be fired towards this misery-bringer. But Father Gaspar glared at him and shook his head. Dion glared back in protest, but his guardian father was unmoved.
A thought came into Dion’s mind. He just remembered that the morfs were taught so hard not to take any advantage on someone else’s plight. From many experiences in real life, including in Dion’s, no good would come from that disgraceful act. At last, the lightning dissipated from Dion’s hand.
Suddenly, Dion heard Fiore’s voice saying, “Papa...!” He shivered, thinking that it was Fiore’s ghost talking.
Fiore talked again, “Papa, I’m all right...”
Higuain noticed his daughter’s breath, heartbeat and opened eyes. So, he kissed Fiore’s forehead and murmured, “Arrh, thank goodness, thank goodness...”
The pirate Captain then stood tall and looked around. He lost several men, but the seamen on the Merchant Ship Quarviola numbering in hundreds were decimated to only thirty-eight wounded men. All of them knelt on the deck, resigning their fate to their cruel captors.
“Slumbering landlubbers! Kill them all and sink this bulk of a ship, arr!” Higuain bellowed.
This time Gaspar shouted clearly, “Wait, Captain! Please spare the captives’ lives, as thanks for Fiore’s recovery. This will keep the good luck by your side.”
Higuain scolded, “Argh, watch your tongue, Second Mate! You deserve a flogging for this, arr! But you got a point.” Lowering his tone, he talked to the prisoners, “Har-har-har. Since I’m happy and Father Gaspar has pleaded for your pathetic lives, I’ll let you all go.”
When sighs of relief were heard, Higuain raised his pointing finger. “On one condition, after we empty this ship, you can use it freely, arrr!”
One of the prisoners, a merchant-looking man suddenly got up and protested, “This is madness! Without a captain, without any food, provisions and adequate number of seamen, how can we move this big ship to the nearest harbor?”
“Harhh, that’s your problem, landlubber. And Raoul...!” Higuain snapped his finger. Raoul Juarez who was just “adjusted” to Third Mate moved swiftly, slashed with his cutlass and decapitated that insolent prisoner.
“Thank you. Arr, anyone else questions my decision like that smart-aleck merchant just now?” Higuain paused for a moment and talked again, “Arr, good. Now, my brothers, let’s pillage! Grrarr!” Higuain’s last roar roused excitement among all pirates on Quarviola deck.
Revolted by the pirates’ actions, Dion glanced towards Gaspar. That old man seem very depressed, reminding the morf of one of the reasons Gaspar left Morales Gang years ago.
Pitch black-stained past
Inerasable while life last
Will the future be at last
Like morning bright and vast?
 

Eight SPARKS OF DESTINY

The following days, the Durandal sailed rather slowly as it was full of loot. With full stomach and satisfaction of getting a share later, the pirates sang spiritedly and more frequently.
Staring at the sunset from the starboard, Dion chose to be silent and alone. The ship had turned to the east, towards Centromare Sea and all the way back to Flamenca.
This journey back put an expression of boredom on Dion’s face. However, this was much better than the piracy they’ve committed just lately. The only consolation for the crystal ball morf was his talks with Father Gaspar and his togetherness with Aris, Circe and Ector.
This time, Circe the pyramid-shaped morf came near Dion. She talked softly, “Sorry if I’m too late to mention this. But I must say you almost did a stupid thing, endangering all of us on that Corazonian ship.”
Dion glanced without expression on his face. Expecting that reaction from the start, Circe came closer and surprisingly clung on Dion’s arm.
“But, let me tell you my little secret,” Circe whispered on that ball morf’s pore ear. “I nearly did the same stupid thing too.”
Dion’s eyes widened and he stuttered, “W-what do you mean, Circe?”
“One thing you should know, Dion. Since we serve the pirates, not one day passed without thinking about a way to get Higuain and his whole crew out of the picture. But Father Gaspar told us time and time again, if we do that, we are no different than those evil and cruel pirates. Even if we succeed, Zyma will seek revenge upon all morfkind.”
Dion got thoughtful, remembering the disastrous result upon morfkind if they fight Higuain again like in Tri-Beard’s fortress.
“I almost shot Higuain with my solar arrow,” Circe continued. “But you were about to act first with your lightning. Ector and Aris wanted to act too, but they chose to protect Father Gaspar instead.”
“Haha, we have tricked some people there,” Dion talked more spiritedly. “Plus the provisions we’ve hidden from the pirates in the hull back there.”
“Yeah, but still,” Circe sighed. “We morfs will be branded as villains by those ‘giants’ we secretly helped, if they found out about us on the pirates’ side.”
“Hahaha, that was the stupidest, yet the most right thing we could do. Oh well, it’s all okay as long as the secret of Ymer remains a secret. I believe, sooner or later Vadis, the Almighty God of Light will help us, maybe by the most unexpected, coincidental and fateful way.”
Circe gave a quick nod. “Maybe so.”
The two morfs glanced back towards the sea hand-in-hand, supporting each other. To observe the setting sun on the western horizon and the sea current was really a luxury in this pirate ship. Dion and Circe enjoyed every second of it; they didn’t want to miss a single thing.
Suddenly, Dion noticed an unusual movement on the sea water from a distance. It was as though something very big and long was moving from the west towards Durandal, making the sea current looked even faster.
“Circe, look at that! The wave movement is strange!” Dion shouted and pointed at the sea.
The pyramid morf said, “What? I don’t see anything strange there.”
Dion took another look. The current was back to normal, the quick and strange movement was no more. It was an obvious sign that everything was all right.
“Wait, it might happen again on the other side.” Dion took Circe’s hand and they ran from the starboard across to the port.
This time Circe pointed. “There it is, the strange movement! It splits the waves too!”
“This is definitely not a wave, but a gigantic creature!” said Dion. “Hurry Circe, warn Father Gaspar and our fellow morfs! I’ll go to the captain’s cabin!”
Circe turned to go. “Yes, and oh Dion!” She glanced at the ball morf who glanced back at her. “Be careful.”
“You too,” said Dion with a smile.
And then, the crystal ball morf and the pyramid morf ran quickly and shouted, “A giant! There’s a giant creature approaching this way!”
The funny thing was, no one from the crew went to the battle stations, let alone observing the sea first. Dion ran too fast, he hardly noticed their mockery that the morfs were crazy or seasick. Only the ship captain may give orders around here, not anyone or anything else.
“C’mon, everyone, be alert! There’s a giant creature... ouch!” Suddenly Dion bumped into someone’s foot.
Being groggy, Dion found his foot being held, and then his whole body was lifted with one hand. In that upside-down position, he saw the “giant” who did it.
The man’s thin face strained. “Hey, ye tiny devil! How dare ye shout like crazy ‘ere! Ye tryin’ to pullin’ a trick out again, eh?”
Dion didn’t have a chance and didn’t want to get into an argument. “Please, Third Mate Raoul! I must warn the captain right now! There’s a giant creature which...!”
“Aye, I can hear ye! Just stop yer babbling or ye rather taste me cutlass?” Raoul Juarez threatened.
“Look at the port! Observe the wave! Warn the captain and all crew! Or else...!”
On the top of his anger, Raoul pointed his cutlass right in front of Dion. “Hey, I’m already sick of ye, trouble-making critters! I’ll bring ye to the cap’n right now, but if ye spit out one word, I’ll make yer face into the real ‘Ymer Ghost’, arr!”
Dion had enough with this stubborn, stupid man. The morf’s limbs quickly went into his body, transforming him into a solid object. The weighty crystal ball fell on Raoul’s foot, the half-witted man screamed in pain. Dion clearly didn’t want to ruin everything by electrocuting Raoul to death. Dion transformed back into a morf.
The ball morf stood tall, he stared at a distance with his mouth widened. Dion was obviously witnessing the most frightening sight in his life. Not only he, Raoul and all pirate crew on the deck’s faces were turned pale in terror.
Right in front of them, a giant sea serpent showed its head down to part of its body above the sea water. According to human measurements, its head was nearly as big as a chariot, complete with frightful rows of sword-long fangs.
In that upright position, the serpent’s height almost reached the watchpost on top of the main mast. Its body was a bit thicker than the main mast. The serpent stared at the people on the deck like a wolf eyeing a herd of sheep in a fenced stable.
Just then, Captain Higuain, First Mate Fiore, Second Mate Gaspar and the morfs Circe, Ector and Aris were on deck. They were ready to fight, but Higuain’s men weren’t.
“Arrr! Take positions, y’all! Fight for your lives, arrr!” Higuain shouted, reminding each and every soul in Durandal of their original ferocity. The pirates then took any weapon within their reach, drawing anything they wielded.
“Ready the ballistae! Archers, stand in formation in the middle of the deck!” Higuain turned towards the man on the left. “Gaspar, cast some magic and protect us all!”
Gaspar shouted back, “Aye, Cap’n! Come Dion, Circe, Aris, Ector, my children! Let’s fight together!” He also glanced at Fiore, but the girl took no heed towards him.
Dion immediately joined the other morfs in the formation, protecting Gaspar. Dion, Ector and Aris started to shoot the serpent’s head with lightning bolts, earth energy spears and fireballs. 
On the other hand, Circe stood right in front of the mage who started to cast a long spell, gathering energy from the sun to cast the protective Pyramid Force Field.
Before everything was ready, the sea serpent’s head moved like a snake pouncing on its prey. The railing and a bit of the port of the deck were smashed into bits. The people standing on the deck staggered or fell; four pirates even met their fates, smashed or thrown into sea.
“Arr! Archers, shoot! Shoot it!” Raoul the Third Mate bellowed panickly. A shower of arrows fell upon that serpent’s head. Alas, it was more annoyed than hurt, thrashing its head forcefully. Suddenly it showed its giant fangs, swooping down and swallowing the “noisy annoyance” it targeted, Raoul Juarez.
The other pirates saw this situation as an opportunity instead of a loss. They slashed and lunged with their cutlasses on the giant serpent’s head. The monster’s thick scales deflected the mediocre weapons with ease. Wriggling its head, the sea monster dispersed the attackers, even knocking a few of them into the sea.
Dion was itching for action, but Aris extended his hand to prevent him. Gaspar and Circe must stay protected until their spell was complete.
Like an intelligent creature, the sea serpent’s head was now directed towards Gaspar. The head then lunged towards the caster so the spell would fail.
Ector shouted, “Attack it!” the box morf shot a barrage of earth-energy bolts like sharp rocks towards the overgrown serpent. At the same time, Aris and Dion barraged with fireballs and lightning bolts.
Not only that, Fiore who handled the ballistae in the hull used the chance when the serpent was busy with the morfs by ordering her troops to shoot. As a result, two giant ballista arrows found their mark on the sea serpent’s body. The serpent roared in pain because of all these attacks, so it withdrew from the port and dived into the sea.
The pirates shouted with joy, thinking that they’ve sent the sea serpent on its way.
But Higuain yelled, “On yer guard, shrimp brains! Gather around Gaspar! Brace yourselves, it will strike again, arrr!”
As though confirming Higuain’s words, Gaspar and Circe finally casted the magic protection force field with all the solar energy they’ve gathered. The ship deck was as though enveloped by a transparent, giant golden pyramid. The best defense on Durandal was finally set.
From the sea, the sea serpent suddenly emerged again, this time on the starboard. It rammed into the hull with his big, heavy head. Two ballistae were destroyed at once, and the part that was hit was smashed, bits of wood were scattered everywhere. The monster retracted his head, ready for another ramming action.
In the hull, Fiore was thrown and fell when she tried to avoid the ramming. She got up with glaring eyes and observed the situation. There were still three ballistae on the starboard still intact. Quickly, the girl ran into one of them. She helped the shooters by pulling the arrow strap and shouted, “Hold your shot! Aim to where its head is going to go!”
The serpent’s head moved again. Fiore yelled, “Shoot!” and released the ballista strap. Three ballista arrows flew, and one of them, from Fiore’s ballista went into the serpent’s eye. The sea monster roared in pain and rage, not expecting a ballista shot this accurate.
Before the girl could do anything else, she saw the sea serpent rampaged and smashed the ballistae near the bow. Once again the giant head retracted into position, but this time Fiore and the shooters didn’t have a chance to refill their ballistae.
Fiore turned and ran. “Retreat! All hands to the deck! Retreat!” The girl ran as fast as her feet take her, but she felt her body was heavy and staggering. Apparently, the wounds from Fiore’s last fight hadn’t completely healed, and they were opened again so suddenly.
The serpent’s head rammed again, destroying the ballista that was the cause of the loss of its eye. This time the impact was much more forceful, the head even went inside the hull. And then it went to the next target, Fiore. No matter how nimble she was, no matter how fast she ran, the girl couldn’t evade it. No matter how courageous Fiore was, she shrieked hysterically in front of certain death.
Suddenly, a person came in front of Fiore, facing the serpent. The girl noticed that man’s figure and face at once and shouted hysterically, “Papaaa!”
Apparently, that man was Higuain Morales, the Tri-Beard. Sealing his own fate, Higuain said, “I love you, my child.” The fiercest pirate in Flamenca then lunged with his cutlass and rushed into the giant serpent’s jaws.
The serpent paused for a while, and then it retracted its head out from the hull of Durandal. The lucky monster had swallowed one of the most influential pirates in his time whole, along with his cutlass. Higuain had failed to score his final kill, but at least he had protected his beloved daughter.
Fiore was like paralyzed, seeing her father’s sudden death. It was as though all spirit had left her and was gone with Higuain, in the worst despair of her whole life. Two pirates, the ballista-shooters immediately supported Fiore and took her upwards to the deck.
Back to the morfs, Dion put a worried face. The cause was Gaspar’s force field that shrunk slowly and gradually. What was worse, a sudden downpour made the sky darker, so Circe could barely replenish the solar energy for the force field.
Meanwhile, the mean giant snake reappeared, ramming several times into the giant pyramid force field. It was not satiated; Its animal instinct demanded for more food.
Devoid of leaders, the pirates on board had no choice but to stay inside the pyramid force to stay alive. They hoped that on one point the serpent would be exhausted and fled.
“We can’t keep on like this, fellas,” said Dion the ball morf. “As you can see, Higuain has fallen and Fiore was too shaken to fight. The pirates’ morale is in all-time low. We must do something before that giant snake devours us all!”
Suddenly Ector patted his knuckle on his palm. “Aha! I have an idea, but this is a most daring and dangerous one!” 
“What’s more dangerous than staying here? Tell us, quickly! Whatever it is, I’m in!” Dion responded and Aris nodded.
The three morfs went next to each other, listening to Ector’s idea. And then they put their palms on top of each other’s, shouting, “For morf!”
In order not to disrupt Circe and Gaspar’s concentration, Dion could only stare at them. Of course, his focus was on the pyramid morf’s pretty face. His mind was set. The fate of all souls here would be determined by the three morfs’ next action.
One pirate who noticed the three morfs’ movement yelled, “Hey, what are ye up to?” 
Dion answered, “We must climb the two main masts, and then attack the sea serpent from above! I’ll climb the mast near the stern, Ector and Aris the mast near the bow!”
“What? Those masts are too high, ye two can’t possibly...!”
“We know, but we don’t have a choice. We must do it!”
The pirates stared at each other and exchanged nods. The “spokesman” then said, “All right then, we’ll help ye three climb the masts! C’mon!” He and his two fellows lifted and carried the morfs.
“Hold tight!” said a quite hefty pirate carrying Dion.
When the sea serpent went back underwater to breathe, these three bravest pirates used that momentum to get out from the magic pyramid made only to repel the sea serpent alone and ran as fast as they can. They began to climb the masts using the rope ladders still attached firmly on the port of the ship.
So, when the sea monster reappeared, the archers shot it again. They need to divert the monster’s attention from the climbers. The serpent’s head dived, only to bump into the force field again.
Again, the ship shook, and all creatures on the deck were staggered. The ones who were still climbing the rope ladders to the top of the masts got swung most violently. A climber even lost his grip and fell towards his death.
Luckily Aris who hung on that man’s chest like a baby leapt very quickly in time and caught the nearest rope ladder. The magic wand morf then climbed with all effort, catching up with Ector.
On the other side, Dion who reached the mast climbed down the hefty pirate’s back.
“Now, keep hangin’ on there,” said the pirate while he tied Dion on the big rope with the bandana he wore earlier. “Good luck, our lives depend on it.”
Dion only nodded. He quickly shifted his attention towards the deck. Circe and Gaspar’s force field was blurring and in a brink of disappearing anytime.
What was worse, the sea serpent just recovered from that impact just now and his head waved backwards. It was a strange, ominous behavior. Was it a sign that the monster had lost its “appetite” and shifted to destroying the ship instead, drowning its preys? The morfs wouldn’t let it happen. It was time to act before the monster did.
Holding onto the rope on the main mast, Dion’s free hand was outstretched. He shouted, “Hey, your opponent’s up here!” And shot a lightning bolt. The bolt struck the sea serpent’s head and traveled down its body that was soaked wet with sea water and rain.
Roaring in pain, the serpent turned towards the annoying morf. Suddenly, a barrage of earth energy bolts like sharp rocks rained on the other side of the serpent’s head.
The serpent’s move was interrupted. It then hastily turned towards the “stone shooter”, Ector on the second main mast.
Right then, Dion yelled, “Me first, you dumb brute!” He shot the second lightning barrage. 
Because the serpent was more vulnerable to lightning than earth bolts, the serpent’s head turned towards Dion again. This time it moved considerably slower, perhaps it began to get confused and exhausted.
Time to finish this monster off with one finishing shot.
Aris finally caught up with Ector. On the horizontal sail bar, Ector the equipment box morf carried the magic wand morf on his shoulder.
“I’ll let you taste the terror of being burnt into crisp, monster! Heeaah!” Ector aimed, and Aris fired a Fireblast with tremendous destructive power from the ruby on top of his head.
When hit, the serpent roared, thrashed violently and tried to move away. But the fire blast was still scorching its head. Its movement added much damage to the ship.
Alas, the pyramid force field had vanished, so several pirates who stood too close to the thrashing giant serpent were smashed to death.
At last the serpent stopped, the scales on its head were burnt, cracked, even fell apart. Blood splattered from the sea serpent’s wounds, raining with water on the deck. The fire blast finally stopped.
“Great, my friends! We killed it at last!” Dion exclaimed with joy.
Just then, the sea serpent that was stunned moved again. Instead of falling into the sea, it did a back flip and dived into the water.
All people on their last stand were crestfallen. The sea serpent was still alive. If it should recover again, all would be lost for the Durandal and everyone on board.
Suddenly, all eyes were on the lightning that struck straight on the spot. Dion was standing on that exact same place, a ball of lightning was swirling and getting bigger and bigger.
“Come, lightning! Keep hitting me!” On top of the mast, Dion raised his hand high. He was as though attracting more lightning that struck him again and again on that horizontal bar on the main mast.
Was that morf already out of his mind? Did he know how much energy his body could contain? If the force went over his capacity, his tiny body would explode and his efforts would be in vain.
Just then, the target re-emerged from the sea. The sea serpent’s body was upright, its roar reverberated louder than before, along with its heightening wrath. With one swoop of its head, it was about to split the ship in two like an axe chopping a thick wooden stick.
“Good, my target’s here!” Dion shouted. His lightning energy multiplied and strengthened ceaselessly, Dion jumped and flew like a comet in the night sky.
Almost at the same time, the giant sea serpent dropped its chariot-sized head. Its jaws opened wide, ready to swallow as many creatures on board as possible.
“Circe, Father Gaspar, Ector, Aris, all morfs... good-bye!” Dion the lightning ball went straight into the serpent’s jaws.
For a moment, Dion felt himself flying inside the jaw. Everything looked reddish in this beast’s body, except maybe its bones and skull. 
And then, everything became whiter, became more and more dazzling.
All shapes were engulfed in that whiteness.
A deafening explosion sound and the ultimate pain followed.
Those were the last things Dion the crystal ball morf saw, heard and felt, just before darkness embraced him.

Nine HOME

Biblio, the eldest, most knowledgeable morf of his kind once recorded this fact. When a morf dies, his soul transforms back into the creature prior of his evolution, the will o’ the wisp.
If during his life that particular morf developed a kind, good heart, his wisp form will be a white, luminous ball. If his heart ended up evil, it’ll be a black ball.
All this time, the spiritual energy of nature from the lush woods of the Isle of Ymer supported the wisps’ life, so it would live forever unless it passed on to the realms of the afterlife.
It was also said, if a wisp gathers enough and mature life energy in life as a morf and from the grace of nature, the wisp can be reborn as a morf embryo in its mother’s womb. If that life energy gathered is massive and immense, the wisp can even possess a solid object that is given away by its owner or without an owner. That object thus becomes its new host and it becomes a morf again.
However, there was no evidence that the soul possesses a soul-less body of humans or any creatures whatsoever. The whole process was called the Morf Reincarnation.
The most interesting thing was, when the powerful wisp possesses its new host directly, it quickly becomes a grown-up. In a rare case, the wisp can return exactly into the state and age when it “died” and becomes a wisp. Its memory is also back on the last thing it remembers on its past life before passing away. It’s as though the morf hasn’t died yet, only unconscious.
Being reborn in his original morf form, a crystal ball, it was what actually happened to Dion, the strongest morf in his time. 
When Dion’s big, round eyes opened slowly, the first thing he saw was a beautifully carved wooden ceiling. That moment, Dion thought, was this heaven, the final resting place for those with hearts of light in the afterlife? Was this the morfs’ paradise?
To make sure, the ball morf glanced around more observantly. He thought, This place seems familiar. That’s right; this is Biblio’s infirmary in his house. Or is this actually heaven?
Actually, Dion never really heard about Biblio’s secret teachings about morfian afterlife at all. So, it took him time as his mind was gradually recovering to even think clearly. As fresh air continuously went into the pores of his skin, Dion felt dizzy and nauseated, as though he just regained consciousness.
Dion tried to see and touch his crystal ball-shaped body. It was still intact, along with his hands and feet. He tried to pinch his arm. It hurt. There was only one explanation he understood about his present condition. He was still alive all this time, and he just got up from a long sleep.
Suddenly, Dion was startled, realizing a morf’s presence by his side. He turned towards the pyramid-shaped morf who was sound asleep, and then talked feebly, “Circe...”
Circe didn’t answer. Dion tried again, forcing a louder voice. “Circe...!” It made the female morf open her thick-lashed eyes.
When Circe took a good look at Dion’s face, she became overjoyed. Spontaneously, she hugged the morf she most admired in the world. “Dion! Thank goodness you have... returned!” She changed the last word in hesitation.
Because of that, Dion asked right away, “W-what happened? I... The last thing... I remember... I was inside a giant serpent’s body... And then I exploded... and...” His face turned deathly pale.
Circe tried to calm Dion by caressing his forehead. “Easy Dion, you’ve been unconscious for a long time and you just woke up, so you must be very tired. Just rest for awhile, I’ll call Elder Biblio, Father Gaspar and your other friends.”
Circe left that room, but Dion was still restless. He wanted to get up and demand direct answers from those who fought the serpent with him. But Dion was more concerned about the safety of his friends, especially the target of rescue, Gaspar.
Dion’s concern was answered almost instantly. Circe came in first, saying, “Look, thanks to you, all of us are home, safe and sound.”
Looking at the doorway, Dion recognized Ector the box-bag morf and Aris the magic wand morf who came in almost together and rushed to his bedside.
Aris shook Dion’s hand gratefully.
Ector then hugged and patted his best friend’s perfectly round body, saying, “You have saved us all, Dion. You’re really a true hero!”
The four morfs were in tears, their thankful feeling was overflowing.
“Thank goodness you’re awake,” said Elder Biblio, the thick tome morf walking through the doorway. “Father Gaspar and all your friends are home, safe and sound, right?”
“That’s true, elder. But I can’t help thinking about Fiore and Zyma. Although they have bad attitude, they’re still...”
“...Related to Father Gaspar. Yes, he has told me about that a few days ago, just as he returned home to Ymer. And yes, I guess we must keep this secret from all other morfs.”
Aris, Circe and Ector nodded. Dion was silent for awhile before at last he said, “All right, elder.”
Ector cleared his throat. “Well then Dion, you ought to know that the lightning explosion from your body was extraordinarily powerful. As result, the giant serpent’s body almost split in two and it fell, drowned in Petravia Ocean. All beings on board the Durandal shouted with joy, being averted from death.”
“Thank goodness,” Dion responded.
“About Fiore and Zyma,” Ector continued. “Fiore was very shaken and depressed upon her father, Higuain Morales’ death. It took her a long time until she was fully recovered. Chaos and mutiny almost erupted within her gang. Luckily, Father Gaspar managed to stop it.”
Circe took over the talk, “The ship, Durandal was heavily damaged. So we had no choice but to land two times on the nearest shore for emergency repairs. Father Gaspar did an excellent job as acting captain while Fiore was still sick, maintaining order and the ship, leading all crew until they arrived back in Flamenca.”
Dion whistled in amazement. He was quite familiar with Gaspar’s ability to lead and guide the morfs. But his success in “herding the savages” like pirates marked a new pinnacle of his excellence.
Circe continued, “When Madame Zyma heard that sad news, she screamed like a madman. She continuously blabbered about an unfortunate prophecy came true, but she misunderstood it, thinking that it was the morfs who would bring death upon Higuain. Even so, she quickly came to her senses and tried hard to restore her daughter’s senses. Finally, Fiore was spirited again, and she was thankful when she learned that you have avenged her father.”
It was Biblio’s turn deciphering Aris’ signals. “Zyma and Fiore were very grateful to Father Gaspar and us, the morfs and offered us to stay. But Father Gaspar insisted that he couldn’t stay in Flamenca and he must go home to his ‘children’ in Ymer, namely us. So, with a heavy heart, the mother and daughter let us go. Luckily Jasson the boat stayed and circumnavigated Flamenca all this time, so Jasson took us home and here we are now.”
Dion was astonished. “Wow, I must’ve been unconscious for a long time. I’ve miss out so many things!”
“Still, all those good things happened because Vadis’ will has been delivered through you, Dion,” said Elder Biblio, pointing at the ball morf with all fingers on his hand. “And with you recovered, our joy is complete.”
Ector added excitedly, “Yes! And you know what this means? We must celebrate this! Come on, let’s make the biggest party in Morf Village, ever!”
Aris who was always serious until now joined in the excitement. He drew a giant cake and animated fireworks in the air.
Dion stared at the magical images, which became reality when night came on that very day.
At the village square, a cake stood tall like a tower. Various kinds of delicious food and drink were also served. The ingredients were all from vegetables and plants.
Again, Dion saw the morfs having fun, singing and dancing like the last time before theball morf went adventuring.
The difference was, this time there was Circe, the pyramid girl morf who took Dion’s hand. Both of them danced together joyfully, watering the seeds of love inside their hearts.
Also, the difference was this time Dion was the star of the party. He was the Lightning Rider, the Serpent Slayer. He was the strongest and the greatest morf hero in his time, his name would be recorded as an eternal legend in the living tome, Biblio.
So, as the main event, Dion the ball morf was carried by his morf friends, including Circe the pyramid, Ector the box, Aris the wand, Perce the mug and Thess the spoon. Together, they tossed Dion into the air, yelling continuously, “Dion! Dion! The hero of all morfs!”
Dion smiled while leaping in the air, his joy was now complete. Thanks to his bravery and Vadis’ blessing, he was no longer the loser fool who depended on his brawns only, not brains.
Father Gaspar sat on his rocking chair near the fireplace and clapped his hands. He never looked away from Dion, who with other brave morfs had freed him from the cruel pirates’ clutches and threats. Vadis had opened the path to freedom through those tiny, magical creatures.
Truthfully, this was the night all morfs wouldn’t forget for the rest of their lives.
==oOo==
The party in Morf Village was over just past midnight. All morfs look exhausted, but overjoyed.
Especially just for the Legendary Hero, Dion, Gaspar took him to rest inside the alchemist’s private room and workshop in the attic. He then put Dion on a special bed on his work desk. The morf would sleep there in the form of a solid object, namely a crystal ball.
“Well, good night, Dion, the bravest morf I’ve ever known,” said Gaspar, caressing Dion’s perfectly round, giant blue pearl-like head-and-body.
“Err, wait a minute, father,” said Dion abruptly. “I need to ask you about something.”
The man yawned and said, “Ask away, my child.”
“Don’t you miss your lover and daughter back in Flamenca? By Higuain’s death, aren’t they your family now?”
Gaspar curled a fatherly smile. “Yes, naturally and physically they should’ve been my family. But, Zyma and Fiore’s hearts are always bonded with Higuain’s. They will never regard me as husband and father.”
“Wow, humans sure are complicated giant creatures.” Dion smacked his lips.
“Yes, that’s what we are. Sometimes, I myself want to be a morf,” said Gaspar with a chuckle. “But, as Vadis has had me born as a human being, I accept that destiny with a thankful heart.”
 Then, Gaspar’s two hands held Dion’s body while he talked, “My home, my place, my true family is here, with all of you morfs, my dear children. If one day Fiore and Zyma miss me, they can come to Ymer Island anytime to visit all of us here. We’ll throw another party for them then, right, Dion?”
Dion just nodded and yawned, a sign that he was too tired.
Gaspar caressed Dion again, and then walked towards his own bed.
A sudden thought triggered Dion’s eyesight to wander around him. He was surprised to find Gaspar’s fortune-telling crystal ball was nowhere around.
Maybe Gaspar deliberately stored that crystal ball he never used somewhere, so he wouldn’t be reminded of the ex-lover who gave it to him? Or maybe...
Dion shivered. He might never hear about the secret theory about morf rebirth and reincarnation from Elder Biblio or other knowledgeable morfs. Even if he did, Dion’s rather “slow” mind made it hard for him to understand that secret.
What if Dion really wasn’t unconscious since he blew up the serpent, but he was dead and was magically resurrected? If that was true, his lightning power was really too powerful, too deadly and too destructive beyond anything a morf’s body could endure. Dion could just hope that he wouldn’t have to use it again one day.
“Ouuah, enough thinking for one day,” Dion whispered to himself, while his body slowly turned transparent on top of his new bed. That bed was actually the base for Gaspar Portiva’s original crystal ball.
“If there’s any question still unasked or unanswered, I can ask it tomorrow. The most important thing is, I’m still alive now. I’m back in the Isle of Ymer, Morf Village and this comfortable bed. This is my place, and I’m home.”

Glossary

Morf (Creature, Class D, Order or Any Element, Isle of Ymer in Aurelia): Morfs are creatures with various shapes. They’re actually will-o’-wisp spirits that gain physical forms according to the things they or their parents choose. They are discovered by one of the greatest mages and alchemists in Evernian History, Gaspar Portiva.
Hornet (Monster, Class D, Wind, Global): Hornets are giant monster bees. Be careful with their sword-like giant stings.
Sea Serpent, Giant (Monster, Class A, Water, Global): Giant sea serpents are very rare monsters living under seas and oceans. Sea serpents eat any creature, even their own kind. They always attack any ship they spot when they are hungry, and they are always hungry. Giant sea serpents are classified as dragons, especially in Eastern Orien.
Alchemy (Term, Discipline): Alchemy is a branch in magic and sorcery, covering the skills of concocting chemical ingredients to produce magic or a force equivalent to magic. It’s also a skill to process magical substances like magic crystals or sorts into alchemical products.
Brig (Term, Ship Type): A Brig is a two-mast medium-sized ship with almost-rectangular sails.  Not to be confused with brig, a prison cell inside a ship.
Weapon Types
Cutlass (Class C, Sword): A broad-bladed saber used mainly for slashing.
Rapier (Class C, Sword): A thin-bladed sword used mainly for fencing and thrusting techniques.
Ballista (Class B, Artillery): A giant bow that can shoot giant arrows with great power and precision.

Character Sheet

Aris: The mute magic wand morf.
Biblio: The wise great tome morf.
Circe: The smart magic pyramid morf.
Dion: The hot-headed crystal ball morf.
Ector: The loyal magic bag-box morf.
Fiore: Fiore Morales, Higuain Morales’ only daughter.
Gaspar: Gaspar Portiva, a mage and alchemist, a protector of morfs in Ymer called “father”.
Higuain: Higuain “Tri-Beard” Morales, the most fearsome pirate captain in his time.
Jasson: The patient boat morf.
Perce: The playful mug morf.
Thess: The protective spoon morf.
Zyma: Madame Zyma the Seer, a gypsy fortune-teller woman in Flamenca. 

Author’s Profile

Andry Chang is a pilgrim in authorship since 2005. Aside from his everyday life as an entrepreneur, a husband and a father of one, he always makes time to write, draw or developing games. He continues to hone his skills and never gives up, resulting in his published multimedia works.
Some of his commercially published writings are:
FireHeart – Legend of the Paladins (2008), Vandaria Saga – Kristalisasi (2012), Qi Xi – Bunga Rampai Asmara (2012), Love Around You (2013), Magical Stories (2013), LEINA – Legenda Imaji Nusantara (2015), Everna Saga – Hikayat Tiga Zaman (2015), Everna Saga – Utara dan Selatan (2015) and Everna Saga – Barat dan Timur (2016). (Indonesian language works and contributions)
Andry Chang can be reached and contacted via Facebook in www.facebook.com/andrychang63, also via Twitter at @andrychang. For more information about Everna Saga, please visit http://evernade.blogspot.com and Twitter-Instagram at @evernade.
Thank you for reading my book. Kindly please take a moment to leave me a review at your favourite retailer or http://www.goodreads.com. Stay tuned for more Everna Saga epicness and works from me.
Come forth and fulfill your destiny!
Andry Chang
