



Morgan’s Destiny
By

Amy Reeves

SMASHWORDS EDITION



Morgan’s Destiny
Copyright 2012

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, and events are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental. 


Morgan’s Destiny
“The course of true love never did run smooth”
-William Shakespeare


Chapter One
Sitting high on a cliff that overlooked a roaring sea, peace and tranquility overcame me. I sat there looking at this amazing view, wondering how anyone could ever doubt God when he gave us such beauty to see. 
“It is very easy to have doubts when we live in such destructive times, my child,” an angelic voice said. 
I looked around to see where the voice came from, but there was no one in sight.
“You cannot see me, but know that I am always with you,” said the voice again.
“Who are you?” I asked, thinking I was going crazy.
“You know who I am, Morgan, never doubt yourself.”
Then, suddenly, I knew exactly who I was having a conversation with. I felt the overwhelming feeling of power and goodness all around me. I was having a conversation with God. I didn’t understand how it could even be possible, yet I knew it was really him.
“You are very special, my child, soon you will find out all you need to know. You have incredible gifts that you have yet to discover. You must learn how to use them.”
“I am no one special, Lord, just a regular girl, trying to figure out her life.”
“On the contrary, you, my dear Morgan, are very special. You will soon learn your destiny; how very important you are, and how much others will depend on you.”
“What exactly do you mean my destiny?” 
“You will find out soon enough. That is not the reason I am here, you need to keep your faith, Morgan. There are going to be times you want to give up, but you must keep going. Never question who you are or what you must do. There will be people—very evil beings—who will try to stop what you were born to do. You will have great strength and powers; you must learn how to use each gift you have. I have given you all I can; the rest will be up to you.”
“Please don’t go; I have so many questions. I don’t understand what I am supposed to do,” I cried out.
“I must go now; you will have your answers very soon. Remember to hold on tightly to your faith. Know that I created you for greatness only you can do. I will never leave you, my child. I am always with you.”
~*~*~*~*~*~

My eyes fluttered open as the morning sun filtered through my window. I stretched my stiff body before throwing the cover off and setting up. Letting my legs dangle over the bed, I rubbed my still sleepy eyes, while replaying the dream I had had.
I had been having a conversation with God. I remembered the tranquil feeling of peace that had washed over me. I wondered if this dream held meaning, as all my previous dreams had. 
Ever since I was a little girl, I could remember having strange dreams. My parents had told me that sometimes our dreams held meanings that we may not yet understand. I was eight-years-old at the time, and I didn’t bother asking them what they meant. I really wish I had a chance to ask them now. I missed them so much.
I let my memories take me back to the last day I spent with my family.
 My parents wanted to take my twin brother Logan and I to the lake for a picnic. Summer had been especially hot that year in Angel’s Cove, Georgia, and we spent most of our weekends there—where we could easily jump in the water to cool off. 
Logan and I were eight years old and like most kids our age; we fought like cats and dogs. 
The memory of us chasing each other around with our water guns made me smile. 
“You’ll never get me, dork,” I yelled out, looking over my shoulder as a rush of cold water hit my face.
 “Gotcha, loser,” Logan taunted as he continued to squirt at me; his shaggy brown hair falling into his eyes.
“Come on, kids. Time for lunch,” my mother called to us. We both dropped our guns and raced over to where our parents were sitting. “Dry off before you sit down,” my dad warned. 
After drying off, we took our seats on the blanket. I loaded my plate with fried chicken, potato salad, and a roll.
 “You make the best chicken in the whole world,” I told mom with a mouth full. She looked at me and smiled her beautiful smile. “Thank you, princess,” she said.
“So, Morgan, have you still been having strange dreams,” My dad asked, a serious look on his face. I knew both, he and my mother, had been worried about the dreams I had been having, so I lied. 
“No, not really… I mean, maybe a couple, but I can’t really remember what they were about.” 
“Well, you will tell us if you remember,” he said staring at me with concern. I just nodded my head up and down as I took another bite of chicken.
 After we finished lunch, Logan and I ran back into the warm water, and continued our water fight.
We continued swimming until the sun had set, before we finally became too tired to swim any longer.
 After we helped load our car, Logan and I climbed in back, barely able to hold our eyes open. The next thing I remembered, was waking up to excruciating pain shooting up my leg. My hand went to the rough surface of the road as I tried to pull myself up.
My eyes went wild with terror as they landed on my parent’s car.  It was engulfed in roaring flames, black smoke rising into the sky.
 I frantically tried to stand up, so I could look for my family, but my leg wouldn’t allow me to budge, so I sit there and watched, as the flames roared higher. 
I was, uncontrollably sobbing, when a paramedic found his way to me. 
 “Is my family okay? Did they get out of the car? Where are they?” I let the questions rush out before he had a chance to answer. 
“It's okay, honey. I need to get you on a stretcher, so we can get you to the hospital,” he replied calmly. 
I rubbed my eyes as the pain of that night crept back to me. I was only eight-years-old, and I didn’t understand why this had happened. I remember my aunt Addie walking into my hospital room, her eyes red and swollen. It was in that instant I knew my family was gone. 
“Just tell me, Aunt Addie. No one will tell me anything,” I said, with tear-filled eyes. She looked at me with sorrow as she grabbed my hand and squeezed. 
“Your parents and Logan didn’t make it out of the car before it caught fire; you were thrown through the window on impact. I’m so sorry, baby,” she finished through her tears. I turned my head away from her, letting my own tears rush out. My heart ached in a way it never had before. Just the night before I had dreamt that my parents and Logan were angels. 
I left the hospital a week later, and went to live with Aunt Addie. She was the only family I had left in this world, and thankfully wanted to take me into her home, raising me as her own.
She had always been there for me whenever I needed her. She had given me a great home, and stability throughout my life. 
Making myself get out of bed, I wandered into my bathroom. I turned the shower on, letting the hot-water fill the room with steam. I pulled a towel and washcloth out of the closet before climbing in.
 The rush of hot water over my skin had my aching muscles instantly relaxing. I let my tears fall with the heavy flow of the water. I missed my family so much. It had been eleven years since their premature death, but I would never allow myself to forget them. I still remembered the way my mother used to smell, just like vanilla and sugar. 
I remembered the way my father would constantly sing to me if I had trouble sleeping. He always made the song up as he went along, and I loved that about him. I would sometimes see a person my age, and wonder what Logan would look like. I savored every moment that something would remind me of my family; it was all I had left now.
 A drunk driver was the one that had hit us that night; He had sped through a red light, and my Dad had not been able to get out of the way in time. They said that not having my seat belt on had actually saved my life. I only suffered a broken leg, and minor cuts and bruises, but I was alive.
 How people could be careless with their lives and the lives of other people was beyond me. The driver didn’t suffer so much as a scratch.
Shaking the horrible memories away, I finished washing my hair. After I was done, I grabbed the towel and wrapped it around myself as I stepped out.
Walking to the mirror, I wiped the steam off with the back my hand.
 I studied the reflection staring back at me. I had grown up to be a picture of my mother; with golden-brown hair that sat in waves down my back, and eyes the same vivid color of green. I had my daddy‘s small nose, but the rest of my face mimicked hers. I wondered what Logan would have looked like if he were alive today. Would we look like one another, or would he take more after our dad? I forced the thought away. Today had already been a sad start, and I wasn’t sure if I could take anymore.
I threw on my khaki pants and black work T-shirt before heading for the stairs. 
I went into the kitchen, where I knew Aunt Addie would be preparing breakfast. She was a firm believer in breakfast being the most important meal of the day.
“Happy birthday, Morgan,” she sang out as I entered. Catching me off guard, I suddenly remembered today’s date—August 18th—my birthday. I wondered how I could have forgotten my own birthday, but my dreams had started once again, keeping my mind occupied.
She reached me a plate of pancakes and bacon as I approached. Of course, she would cook my favorite breakfast on my birthday, she always had.
“Thank you very much,” I said, taking a seat at the bar. A steaming cup of coffee was patiently waiting for me at my spot. 
“How does it feel to be a year older? I still cannot believe you are already nineteen. It seems like yesterday you were just a baby,” she said with a shake of her head.
“I really don’t feel any different than I felt yesterday,” I answered, scarfing down my food.
 The clock on the microwave reminded me that, if I didn’t leave now, I would be late for work.
“I really have to get to work. Thanks for breakfast,” I said, tossing the half-eaten pancakes in the trash.
 I took my plate to the sink before turning to leave. I grabbed my keys and purse as I headed for the front door.
 “I’ll see you later, Aunt Addie. Thanks again for breakfast,” I called over my shoulder.

I was lucky my boss actually liked me because, for some reason, I always seemed to be late.
Ten minutes later, I pulled my car into the last empty parking space. 
I rushed into “Cream-or-Sugar,” the instant smell of coffee perking me up. When I was a sophomore in high school, I started working here part time. Now, almost three years later, I was working full-time in the little coffee shop, and surprisingly I loved every minute.  
I had graduated three months ago, and decided to take a year off before I started college. Aunt Addie had not been happy about my decision, but it was my choice. This was something I had to remind her constantly.
 Sometimes I got the feeling that she just wanted me to go away. I was just so preoccupied with the dreams that I had started having again, that I didn‘t really want to think about college at the moment. I had not dreamed in the years since my family had been gone, and nowadays, I couldn’t make sense of them. 
It was the same dream—over and over—me running through the woods as fast as I could with a person, but I could never see his face. What we were running from, I didn’t know, but I could feel the evil presence behind me.
I grabbed my apron as my thoughts went back to the dream I had last night. I wondered why the dream had suddenly changed and why I had been talking to God; I couldn’t make sense of what he said. 
What did he mean gifts? I had never been very religious, other than the fact that I believed in God. I mean, I didn’t attend church every Sunday or whatever. I always thought that people just went to church every Sunday to gossip about other people or pass judgment. To me, most of them were hypocrites, only choosing to be religious at church, and not at home. I had my beliefs, whether or not I actually attended church.
 I remembered how my mother used to teach Logan and me about God daily. She would read us the bible every night before we said our prayers. She was always teaching us something.
“Welcome to Cream-or-Sugar. What can I get for you?” I said, shaking the thoughts out of my head.
“Large coffee… black please,” said a smooth, sexy voice. I looked up to see the face behind such a voice.
Wow… there was a very beautiful man staring at me. My eyes looked him up and down as my heart started to pound in my chest.
Finally, my eyes locked with his, and I felt… weird. I tried to open my mouth to say something, but nothing came out. 
He smiled charmingly at me, making his face that much more attractive. His hair was the perfect shade of brown and held sun-kissed highlights. His hazel-eyes held tiny green flecks in them; and his lips—such full lips—I wondered what it would be like to touch them with mine.
“Morgan, snap out of it,” Madison called from behind me.
I shook my head, trying to get the fog that had taken over, to leave as I felt my cheeks start to heat from embarrassment.
“Um… that’ll be two-dollars,” I managed to say, my voice shaky. He handed me a five-dollar bill, letting his hand touch mine as I took it. Instant sparks shot up my arm; he must have felt them too, because he just looked at me with a wide grin.
I handed him his change, careful not to touch him again.
 “Here you go,” I said, handing him his coffee.
 “Thanks. Have a nice day,” his smooth-sexy voice replied. As he turned to walk away, I noticed the rest of him. 
Wow… He was beautiful and built. The black T-shirt he was wearing fit him just right, showing his muscular build underneath. His snug jeans hugged him just right, and the sight made my mouth go dry. Yes, he was beautiful.
He turned around before walking out the door, only to catch me ogling his very nice backside. My cheeks heated, more than they had just moments before, and he smiled wickedly, winking before he walked out the door.
I was so embarrassed. I had never acted like that before, and I didn’t know what had come over me. 
“Who was Mr. Delicious?” Madison asked, coming to stand beside me. 
“I have no idea, but wow, he was something, huh?” I gave her a big smile and we both burst out laughing. 
Madison had been my best friend since grade school. Her parents actually owned this place, which is why I could show up late—whenever—and they never said a word about it. They were like my second family. I spent so much time at their house while growing up; I knew it just as well as Madison.
“Maybe you could have him as your birthday present. I would love to have that package to Unwrap," she said giggling. 
He would be a great present, but guys who looked like that, never went for the normal-looking girls like me.
I finished the rest of my shift with Mr. Delicious consuming my mind. I had never been the boy-crazed type before, and I wondered what was so different about this one. Granted he was not the scrawny, little pimpled face boys who had tried to hit on me in high school. 
“Are you ready?” Madison asked. 
Letting my thoughts drop, I headed to the counter to grab my stuff. I looked up at her and shook my head. How she could manage to look so attractive after a full day’s work, I had no idea. Her pretty blonde hair was perfectly in place, and her makeup looked like she had just applied it. 
She stared at me with her clear blue eyes, waiting for my answer. 
“So, what movie are you taking me to see?” I asked as we walked out.
 “Oh, we’ll see when we get there. You’re riding with me right?” I hadn’t planned on it, but there was no need for us to drive separate cars to the same place.
 “Yeah, as long as you drop me off at my car later.” 

The drive to the theater was quick and didn’t take over five minutes. That was one great thing about living in such a small town—you were close to everything.
 Madison went to buy our tickets while I headed inside to buy the popcorn and drinks. I hoped she picked something worth watching this time.
 “Next,” the pimple-faced-boy yelled, and I walked to the counter.
 “Large popcorn, extra butter, and two large cokes, please,” I said, digging in my purse for my wallet. 
“I’ll buy if you promise to share,” a voice whispered into my ear, sending shivers down my arms. 
I turned around, only to smack right into Mr. Delicious. His hands grabbed my arm before I tumbled to the ground. 
“I… um… I’m sorry,” I stuttered. 
He smiled that oh-so-sexy smile at me. “No problem, I didn’t mean to startle you. I’m Daniel, by the way,” he said, reaching out his hand. I placed mine in his, feeling the sparks between us as soon as I did.
 “Morgan… I’m Morgan, I mean,” I said, like an idiot. 
Letting go of my hand, he handed the money to the boy while grabbing the popcorn and a drink. I just stared at him before an angry voice told me to get a move on it. 
I grabbed the other drink and followed behind him.
“Um… excuse me, but what are you doing,” I asked, trying to catch up with him. 
He stopped once he reached Madison—who was standing alongside the wall—talking to someone I didn’t recognize.
“Hey, Morgan, I see Daniel found you. We ran into each other while I was buying the tickets, and can you believe that he and his friend were going to see the same movie I picked out. So, I thought I would invite them to sit with us, since it is your birthday and all,” she said with a wink. 
I only stared at her dumbfounded. How she could just invite random strangers to watch a movie with us?
 Madison had never been the shy one. I wish I had as much confidence as she did, and I must admit, they were both sexy-random-strangers. I didn‘t get any bad vibes off either of them, so I decided it would be okay.
“Happy birthday, I’m Kevin,” the man Madison had been talking to said, holding his hand out. 
I took a good look at him, realizing what she had been thinking. It was very seldom you got one Mr. Delicious in this town, but here were two… And there just so happened to be two of us.
 I shook the hand he held out, not feeling anything unusual, like I had with Daniel. I had to give her credit; he was something to look at. Messy black-hair, blue-eyes that made you want to sit and stare at them for hours, and a shadowed face that gave him a very sexy appeal. 
“We should probably head on in, so we can get some good seats,” Madison said, taking Kevin’s hand. Damn the girl moved fast.
 I released the breath I was holding, and started walking. What was I supposed to do while I sit by such a yummy man? My hands started to sweat as I suddenly became nervous. I didn’t know what in the world was going on with me. I never had this kind of reaction to guys before.
“Happy birthday, Morgan,” Daniel whispered as we took our seats. Of course, I sat between both him and Kevin. 
“Thanks,” was all I could manage to say.
 I placed my hands in my lap, nervously playing with my fingers. I felt his eyes on me, and my heart started to beat faster. Payback for ogling him earlier today, I guess.
“I hope its okay that we sit with you guys. Madison pretty much insisted that we did.” 
Figures, I would have to kill her later, when we were alone. 
“Um… Yeah, that’s cool. I don’t mind,” I said, turning my head to look at him. That was a mistake… A very big mistake. I hadn’t realized that we were sitting so close to each other. His arm was on my armrest and I could smell his sweet, exotic breath. 
I half-smiled at him before turning when the previews started to play. The lights went dim, leaving the theater to dark to see anything other than the huge screen in front of us. Just keep your eyes on the movie, I scolded myself. 
My eyes stayed glued to the screen as a masked man slaughtered a couple having sex. Damn. Double damn. Why did she have to pick the scary one? She knew I didn’t like these kinds of movies. 
I turned my head to the side, only to be inches away from Daniel. He looked over at me and smiled his stop-my-heart-from-beating smile that made my brain foggy.

The movie startled me more than once. I tried to control my movements, but I scared way too damn easy. 
Halfway-through, my hand came down on Daniel’s leg as the masked man jumped out of a closet, holding a knife high above his head. Before I could move it away, his hand was on top of mine.
I tried to yank it away, but he only tightened his grip. 
“I don’t mind,” he whispered into my ear as he lifted our intertwined hands to the rest.
 Had I ever been this nervous in my life? I was acting like a blooming’ idiot, for crying out loud. On the plus side, the electricity running between us took my mind off all the killing that was going on in the movie.
After it was finally over, I stood, letting our hands fall free.
Heading to the parking lot, Madison was the first to break the awkward silence. 
“Um, Morgan, would you mind if Daniel gave you a ride to your car? I mean, Kevin and I we're going to hang out before I head back home,” she said, winking at me.
I just looked at her speechless. Before I could answer her, she gave me a quick hug, whispered ‘happy birthday,’ and was gone. I just stood in the middle of the parking lot, not knowing what to do.
“You don’t have to give me a ride. I mean, the coffee shop is like five minutes from here. It’s not that far of a walk, and I really don’t mind,” I said, fumbling with my hands. He looked at me and smiled.
 “I am not going to let you walk home all alone in the dark. It’s not a problem at. It’s the least I could do for you letting me join you tonight.”
He stopped in front of a shiny black Ford truck, and went to the passenger door, and held it open for me to climb in.
 “So, Morgan, have you had a good birthday,” he asked, trying to make small talk. I was so nervous, but I did not want him to notice.
“Yes… It has been rather eventful,” I replied, trying not to look at him. I was too afraid I would lose my mind. 
 “So, how many years young are you today?” 
He was trying to make conversation, and I was making it challenging. He probably thought there was something wrong with me. Snapping myself back to the conversation, I told him I was nineteen. 
“How old are you?” I asked.
 “I’m twenty-three,” he replied, turning into the coffee shop. 
“So when’s your birthday?” I asked. I really didn’t want to leave his truck. He pulled beside my old Honda—the only car in the parking lot—and shut the engine off. 
“My birthday is December 25. I was a great Christmas present for my parents.” 
He got out and came around to open my door. No one had ever opened the door for me I thought as he reached his hand to help me out. 
“I’m really sorry that Madison forced you upon me tonight,” I said, looking anywhere, but at him.
 He took a step closer meeting my eyes. “She didn’t force me on you, Morgan. I was actually excited when we ran into her, and she told me you were with her,” he said, taking my hand in his.
I looked down at our hands unable to fathom why someone like him would want to spend time with me. I mean, looking at him I knew that he could have his pick of any girl. 
“I had fun tonight. I’m glad I could share part of your special day with you,” he said, staring at me intently. 
 Ok, he actually enjoyed himself after I acted like a schoolgirl with her first crush. I mentally kicked myself for acting so foolish. 
“I had fun, too! Sorry I was so jumpy though.”
 “No need to apologize. I really didn’t mind it at all,” he said with a wink. I smile at him nervously while my stomach did flips. 
“Do you think you would want to get together again? Maybe next time we could leave our friends behind.” 
Was he asking me out? I swallowed the huge lump that had formed in my throat. 
“Daniel, are you asking me out?” Again, he gave me that sexy-smile, instantly astounding me. 
“Are you going to say yes or are you going to leave me hanging?” 
 “I… uh… yes. I would love to go out with you again,” I said with a newfound confidence. I decided if this, unbelievably hot, man was interested in me, then I was going to go with it. 
He leaned in and brushed a gentle kiss on my cheek. 
“I was hoping you would say yes. I’ll see you soon,” he said, making his way back to his truck.  
I unlocked my door and climbed in. I drove home in a blissful haze. I had ended up having a great time with Daniel. It was a great end to my birthday.
Chapter Two
After I got home, I headed straight for my bedroom. It was late, and I knew Aunt Addie would be asleep. 
Walking inside the room, I noticed a small box sitting on my bed. I made my way over to it, instantly feeling bad for not spending some time with her today. I should have at least come home from work for a few minutes. 
 I opened the small black box and saw a beautiful necklace lying inside. I pulled the necklace out and held it up. It was a long silver chain with a charm. The charm was a small silver circle with a small amethyst stone hanging down from it; Simple, yet beautiful.
I went to the bathroom to put on my pajamas and brush my teeth. The overhead light hit the stone causing it to shine brightly. 
~*~*~*~*~*~
The next week flew by quickly. Daniel came into the coffee shop every morning, always ordering the same black coffee. 
He would always stay and chat for a few minutes before leaving. Conversation became much easier between the two of us, and I no longer felt awkward around him. Seeing him became the highlight of my day.
“You’ve got it bad for him, honey,” Madison said, while trying to make the latest coffee concoction. 
“Yeah, you're one to talk. So where is Kevin at today,” I asked sarcastically. She looked up at me through her innocent-blue eyes.
 “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” 
“Well, speaking of the devil himself,” I said, spotting both Kevin and Daniel walking through the door.
“Hey, what are you guys doing here,” Madison asked as they made their way to the counter. 
“Oh, you know… Casanova here wanted to ask his Juliet out tonight,” Kevin said nonchalantly.
Daniel elbowed him in the side before he smiled widely at me. “Overlook him, I think he was dropped on his head when he was a baby,” he said, walking over to me.
 “I have a friend just like that… Maybe we should hook them up,” I said, chuckling. Kevin and Madison really were perfect for each other. 
“Tonight’s Friday, so I thought you might let me take you out, just the two of us this time. What do you say?” 
My heart started pounding in my chest at the thought of being alone with him. The effect he had on me was something I had never before experienced. I, normally, never got nervous around boys, but with him, everything was just so different, and I hadn’t even been alone with him. 
I looked at the big round clock that was hanging directly behind him... 6:00 ...perfect. 
“I’m actually off now. I just need to go home and change, if that’s okay with you.”
“Sounds perfect. I’ll just follow you there,” he said as I gathered my purse. 
I took my green apron off and tossed it at Madison. She looked up at me with a look only a best friend would know, before turning her attention back to Kevin.
You two love birds have fun now,” Kevin said, teasingly.
A few minutes later, I turned into my driveway. 
The house glowed from all the lights, and I noticed a strange car parked in the driveway.
 Great, of all nights for her to have company, it would be on the one when I brought Daniel home.
Walking inside I heard Aunt Addie talking to someone in the kitchen. I motioned Daniel to follow me. 
“Morgan, your home,” Aunt Addie said as I entered the room.
 I noticed a man sitting at the bar with her. He didn’t look like the normal, business type, she always went after—she never had a problem getting a man, she was beautiful. She didn’t look like my mother, but she always told me that she got her looks from the other side of the family. She was five-feet seven and very slender with long black hair that seemed to always be perfectly in place. Her dark-gray eyes were captivating. She had just turned forty a few months ago, but she didn’t look a day over twenty-five. 
I took a good look at this man. Nope, not her type at all. Although he was sitting down, I could tell that he was not very tall. Wrinkles lined his round face, and his nose looked like it belonged on the face of a witch. He wore his long pepper-gray hair in a ponytail tied at the nape of his neck. Instead of the suits I was so accustomed to her suitors wearing; he dressed in holey jeans, a black long-sleeved shirt with a tan vest over it, more like a grungy hippie.
“I have someone I would like for you to meet. Morgan, this is Phil, Phil this is Morgan.” 
“Nice to meet you,” I quickly said. I didn’t like the way this man was looking at me. Something about him gave me an eerie feeling. 
“Aunt Addie, I was actually just going to change and head out. I want you to meet my friend, Daniel.” 
“Nice to meet you, Addie,” Daniel said, extending his hand. She just looked at him weirdly, not returning the gesture. He let his arm fall back to his side as I stared at her. 
“That was really rude,” I said, shocked to see her act in such a way.
“I would prefer you not go anywhere tonight,” she said sternly. What in the world got into her? Out of all the years that I had lived with her, she had, at no time, been one to tell me what to do. She had never given me a curfew, or told me who I could, or could not, hang out with. 
“Well, I’m sorry, but I’ve already made plans. Looks like you have someone else to keep you company,” I said. I grabbed Daniel’s hand and walked out.
“I am so sorry! I don’t know why she was acting like that,” I said, apologetically.
 It didn’t seem to faze him though. “It’s alright. Are you sure you still want to go out tonight?” 
I was not about to cancel our date. I didn’t know what was going on with Aunt Addie, but the way she just acted pissed me off. Not to mention the feeling I got about her guest.
“Just give me a minute to change, then we can leave,” I said, dashing up the stairs.
 Once in my bedroom, I took my clothes off, tossing them to the floor. After looking around in my closet, I grabbed my favorite pink Sundress. 
Heading into the bathroom, I re-applied my makeup and ran the brush through my hair. I inspected myself in the mirror, deciding that I looked decent enough. I dabbed some perfume on my wrist, grabbed my white cardigan, and headed downstairs. 
“Okay, I’m ready to go,” I said, grabbing his hand as we headed out the door. 
There was no need for me to tell Aunt Addie that I was leaving, I don’t think she cared anyway.
Once inside his truck, I apologized again. I couldn’t believe she had acted that way, how embarrassing. 
“You look beautiful, by the way,” he said, pulling out of the driveway. 
“Thank you. You look… Well, you look amazing as always.” He looked at me funny before returning his eyes to the road. 
“So what are we doing tonight?” I curiously asked. He didn’t answer me, but looked over and smiled.
 We drove the next little while in silence before he turned down a dirt road, pulling to a stop at the end. 
“Here we are,” he announced. 
He climbed out of the truck, and walked over to my door to open it. I climbed out, looking around as I took in the surroundings. Daniel came around carrying a rather large basket. He took my hand in his as we started to walk. 
Once on the path, I could see the lake come into view. “This is one of my favorite spots. It’s untouched, and no one ever comes here,” he said. 
I looked around, seeing the beauty in this little spot. It reminded me of the one my family and I used to come to when I was younger. The last place we had been together before that terrible accident.
“It’s so beautiful,” I said, looking around. 
He pulled a blanket from the basket and spread it. We both took a seat as he pulled out the rest of the basket’s contents. 
“I hope you’re hungry,” he said smiling at me. 
 “I’m actually starving. We were so busy I didn’t get to grab lunch.” 
After piling my plate full of all the goodies he brought, he poured me a glass of wine.
 “Are you trying to get me drunk on the first date?” I asked, eyeing him, teasingly. 
“No, I just thought I would enjoy the beautiful sunset with a beautiful girl,” he murmured.
We ate in silence, taking in the amazing view. As the sun began to disappear, Daniel pulled me between his legs and wrapped his strong arms around me. 
“I want to know everything about you,” he whispered. 
His breath on my skin sent shivers down my body. I don’t know how he managed to have this effect on me, but I couldn’t deny the way I felt. It was as if I had known him my whole life. 
“There’s not much to tell, but what would you like to know,” I asked.
“What do you want out of life?” I thought about what he asked, not knowing how to answer. 
“I don’t think I can answer to that one just yet,” I replied.
 “Yeah, it’s a tough one to answer.”
“What about you, what do you want out of life?” I was very curious to hear his reply. He thought about it for a moment. 
“I don’t know yet. I want to live it to the fullest, and have someone special to share it with me. I’ll let you know the rest later.” 
“Hum… you haven’t found anyone worth sharing your life with?” 
“I haven’t come across anyone special enough to share my life with… until now,” he said, kissing my neck. My body went weak. I closed my eyes feeling the sparks fly between us.
“Until now…. What does that mean?” I asked, holding my breath as his arms around me tightened.
“It means that, until I met you, there was never anyone I would want to settle down with for the rest of my life. Since meeting you that day in the coffee shop, I can’t get you off my mind. It’s like I’ve known you my whole life. There is something about you that makes me want to be near you. I’m drawn to you.” 
Breathe… Just breathe Morgan. Mr. Delicious thinks you are special; no big deal. 
I turned around to face him, and placed my legs on either side of his hips. He raised an eyebrow at me as he took in our closeness. 
“I know the feeling. Ever since meeting you, I have felt the same way. It’s like you’re all I can think about. I can’t get you off my mind,” I said, my face mere inches from his. He licked his lips causing me to wonder how they tasted. 
“It‘s crazy,” he huffed out. 
I looked into his eyes noticing the tiny green flecks brighten. I brought my hand to his cheek letting my thumb rub his silky-smooth skin. He brought his hand to my neck, and slowly pulled me until our lips met. Ever so softly, they started moving together. 
His tongue traced the outline of my lips as I parted my mouth. He dipped his tongue inside, creating sensations I had never felt before. He tasted wildly sweet and exotic, just like he smelled. Our tongues gently explored before fully tangling together. 
Finally, the need for air had us, reluctantly, pulling apart. He laid his forehead against mine as we both struggled to catch our breath. No one had ever kissed me like that before.
He smiled at me wickedly “That was beyond amazing,” he said, staring into my eyes. 
“Hum… I don’t know… Maybe we should try it again,” I replied, returning his wicked smile. 
My arms went around his neck as his went around my waist, pulling me closer.
 My hands tangled in his soft hair as our mouths came together passionately. I couldn’t get enough of him. I wanted more. Letting my mouth leave his, I found my way to his neck. I slowly licked his sweet skin. He let out a soft moan, and pulled my mouth back to his. 
“I could kiss you forever,” he murmured, once we pulled apart.
 “I wouldn’t mind if you did.”

 We lay on the blanket looking at the stars, sharing every little detail of our lives. I found out that his parents had gone missing a few years ago, and he was still looking for them. He didn’t go into details about what had happened, and I didn’t ask. The sadness that fell upon his face broke my heart. I knew what it was like to lose your parents, but maybe he still had some hope that he would find his again.
I told him what happened to my family, and how I had gone to live with Aunt Addie after. 
“Do you think that we all have a mission in life,” he asked, staring at me. His question reminded me of my last dream. God had said I had a purpose in this life.
 “Actually, I do. I think it’s sometimes hard to find though.” He just smiled at my answer as we lay together in silence. 
Finally, well into the night, we decided it was time to call in. He drove me back home, and walked me to the door. 
He passionately kissed me goodbye before turning and walking to his truck. I waited until I had caught my breath before heading inside.
“Where have you been, young lady?” Aunt Addie asked angrily from the couch. I made my way into the living room, taking a seat in the recliner facing her. 
“I told you I had plans,” I simply replied, staring at her.
 “It’s after midnight, Morgan. I don’t like you being out that late; especially with someone like that boy.” 
I couldn’t figure out what her problem was, but she was making me angrier by the minute.
 “You don’t even know him. How can you sit there judging him like that?
“I just don’t want you to see him anymore,” she said calmly. 
“I’m not a little girl anymore, Aunt Addie. You cannot tell me who or who not to see. I don’t mean to be rude, but you need to stay out of my business,” I said, standing. I turned, and walked out, making my way to my bedroom. I couldn’t believe the way she was acting. What had gotten into her?
I didn’t even bother changing clothes once I had closed the bedroom door. I just threw myself on the bed. I had no idea what had gotten into her, but she was not going to tell me how to live my life.

Over the next few weeks, I spent all my free time with Daniel. I avoided seeing Aunt Addie after that night she told me not to see Daniel. She spent all her free time with her mysterious friend; which didn‘t bother me at all. The strange thing was, they always stopped talking when I came in, which gave me the creeps. For the life of me, I couldn’t figure what was going on.
One day I came home from work early. I walked through the kitchen hearing whispered voices. 
“Do you think that he has told her about us yet,” Aunt Addie asked. I could hear the nervousness in her voice.
 I quietly looked around the room, noticing that it was spotless, which meant Aunt Addie must have been anxious. Cleaning had been a nervous habit, for as long as I could remember, and she had definitely been doing a lot of it. 
The dark granite counter tops were gleaming as was the hardwood floors. I walked over to the sink, no dishes. The whole kitchen sparkled for floor-to-ceiling. I made my way closer, trying to hear more of the hushed conversation. Pressing my ear on the cold, slick wall, the voices became louder. 
“If he knows he’s not letting on like he does. I have followed him for the past week. The only place he goes is the coffee shop, the rest of the time he is with Morgan. Have you even tried to convince her to stop seeing him?” 
“Don’t you go there with me Phil! You know I have done the best I can. She is nineteen-years-old, and I cannot force her to do anything. She has a stubborn streak just like Tessa.”
My heart caught in my chest at the mention of my mother’s name. As I stood with my ear pressed against this cold hard wall, I wondered what in the hell was going on. 
Pulling myself away from my own thoughts, I brought my focus back to their conversation. 
“Something has to be done before he ruins what we have worked all these years to accomplish,” Aunt Addie said worryingly. 
“Are you certain that Morgan hasn’t come into her powers yet?” 
What was he talking about powers? I knew this man was a crazy lunatic; just looking at him gave me the creeps. I was too caught up in what he had said that I forgot that my hand was only inches from the light switch.
 The hushed conversation quickly stopped. I flicked the switch back up and turned on the kitchen lights as I raced over to the coffee pot. Turning it on as I pulled a cup from the cabinet above.
Moments later, both Phil and Aunt Addie walked in the kitchen. Keeping my cool, I continued to put creamer in my empty cup.
 “Oh, hey, Aunt Addie… Phil. I didn’t think you were home,” I said, grabbing the half-filled coffee pot, and pouring the scorching liquid into my cup.
“Just catching up on the laundry. When did you get home? I thought you were working until six tonight.” 
I continued to stir my coffee acting as if I had heard nothing. 
“I was supposed to, but the place was dead. Madison told me to take off early since I never get the chance.”
“Oh, that’s good, I guess. Well, Phil and I have plans, so I guess I’ll see you later,” she said, grabbing Phil’s hand and leading him out of the kitchen.
Once I heard the front door shut, I slumped against the cold granite counter. I knew something was going on, but I didn’t know what. The whole conversation that I had just overheard was beyond weird.
I called Daniel a little while later, and asked if he wanted to hang out tonight. He happily replied that he wouldn’t miss a moment to be with me, so he would pick me up at the house within the hour. I looked toward the microwave clock, which glowed 5:00 in bright green lights. 
I dashed up the stairs, and headed straight for the shower. I washed as quickly as possible wanting to be ready when he arrived.
 I took the time to blow dry my hair, making the perfect waves. I sprayed a little Hairspray to make sure it would stay in place, and then I added a touch of makeup; just a little shimmering eye shadow, mascara and blush. I finished with a cappuccino lip-gloss. My coffee addiction was beyond crazy at this point.
I opened my closet doors searching for something to wear. It was mid-October, and the nights in Georgia were chilly. 
Pulling my gray, form fitting slacks from the hanger, I decided to go with the light-blue V-neck sweater to match.
 I inspected myself in the full-length mirror that hung on the inside of my closet door. The gray slacks and blue sweater went perfectly with one another. After slipping my feet into my black ankle boots, I headed down the stairs. No sooner than my foot touched the last step, Daniel knocked at the door. 
“Wow,” he said looking at me. I smiled brightly. I was glad I had taken the time to dress up a little.
“Thanks, let me grab my purse, and I’ll be ready,” I said, leaving the door open as I headed into the living room. 
My purse was on the couch exactly where I had tossed it when I got home. 
 “I’m all set,” I said, making sure I locked the door behind me before heading to his truck. 
Once he was pulling out of the driveway, I started to relax. I scooted over to him, just feeling the need to be as close as I possibly could to him.
“Is everything ok,” he asked, glancing at me. I wondered how crazy he would think I was if I told him what I had overheard. 
“Not really… I heard the strangest conversation between Aunt Addie and Phil. I can’t make any sense of it,” I told him. He took my hand in his as he laced his fingers tightly around mine. Even holding hands with him made me lose my breath. I couldn’t describe the sensation every little touch between us gave me. 
“Whenever you want to talk about it, I’ll be right here to listen. However, for now, how about we go get something to eat? I’m famished.” 
I loved him for not pressing me to talk. Love… was it possible to love someone you hadn’t known for that long. Maybe I just loved his thoughtfulness, but I couldn’t deny what my heart was feeling. 
Every time we were together my heart felt content. Even on our first date, I felt like I had known him my whole life. I had never felt this way about anyone before, not that I had that much experience in the dating department. 
I had gone out on a few dates in high school, but nothing ever serious. My only kiss had been with Brad West—captain of the football team, who had all the girls drooling—with dirty blond-hair, blue eyes, and an athletic build, I couldn’t deny he was gorgeous. 
Madison—being the outgoing type she was—got along with almost everyone, so leave it to her to set us up our junior year. After winning the last game of the season, we had gone out to celebrate the team’s victory. After about an hour of his consent groping, I made him take me home. He insisted on walking me to the door. I quickly told him Goodnight, and just as I had turned to open the door, he grabbed my arm spinning me around to face him. Before I could stop him, he planted his wet lips on mine. He stuck his tongue in my mouth, as I struggled to free his grip.
 Disgusting was the only word that came to mind. I wiped his saliva off my mouth with my arm. I wanted to smack that smug smile off his face, but instead just stomped inside. I let that be my last experience with over-cocky-high school-boys. 
“You want me to get our food to go?” Daniel asked, bringing me back to reality. I looked around realizing that we were sitting in the parking lot of “Noodles and Noodles,” the local Italian restaurant.
 “My mind got away from me there for a minute. You have my full attention,” I said, smiling sweetly at him. 
He leaned over to me bringing his thumb up to my lips as he slowly traced it over their outline. 
Without saying a word, his mouth found mine. His lips glided so softly with mine as my hands went around his neck. Parting our lips, we let our tongues start their passionate dance. Our breathing became heavy, both of us wanting more of each other.
 I lay down in the narrow seat, pulling him on top of me. His mouth left mine, and softly kissed its way down my chin until his soft lips stopped on my neck. My body started tingling all over from the sensations his satin-smooth-lips were creating upon my neck. 
Boom. Boom. Boom… Daniel and I both jumped up.
“Hey, Casanova, you’re s'pose to get a room for that kind of kinky stuff,” Kevin said through his laughter. 
Daniel looked over at me, and I couldn’t help but laugh at the expression on his face. He just stared at me with a half grin. 
“What do you find so amusing?” 
“I-I’m so-sorry, but he-he’s your friend,” I stuttered through my laughter. 
He joined in with me as our laughter fill the truck, and I must say, it felt good to go. Once we had both managed to stop laughing, he got out of the truck. He stood in front of Kevin as they exchange words. A minute later, he was opening my door, and helping me out. 
“Sorry to spoil your fun, Juliet. Madison and I couldn’t help it when we had seen the windows all fogged up,” Kevin said giving me a devilish grin. 
I looked around for Madison, but I didn’t see her. Kevin must have known I was searching for her, because he told me, she went on to get a table for four. Apparently, it wouldn’t be just Daniel and I. 
A moment later, she was shouting from the steps that our table was ready. Daniel took my hand and led the way inside. 
“Hey, Morgan, why do you look so flushed?” she innocently asked. After the server seated us in the only booth available, I looked at her sitting in front of me. 
“I guess I look so flushed because I was trying to get it on with Daniel in his truck,” I answered, looking over the menu. 
Madison’s mouth opened wide at my statement. I had never been outspoken since she had known me, but I felt it was time for things to change.
“Frisky little thing, you got there, Daniel,” Kevin commented. 
Daniel leaned over until I could feel his breath against my ear. “You are so amazing,” he whispered. He grabbed my hand as the server came back for our order.
“Do you know what y’all want yet?” she asked, staring at Daniel. Her eyes didn’t look at anyone else, except him.
“We will have a large supreme pizza and four cokes,” he said, not even looking at her. 
“Is that all I can get for you, sweetie,” she asked, taking our menus. 
“We’re just fine,” he said looking at me. She flipped her hair while giving me a dirty look before walking away. 
I had a great time with the three of them. Kevin continued to tease Daniel and me, but I soon learned that was just his personality. After finishing the scrumptious pizza, we headed out. 
“So, do you want me to take you home? It’s getting kind of late,” Daniel asked, once we were in the truck. I thought about it for a moment, realizing that I had no desire to go home.
“Do you think we can just go to your place?” I asked, crossing my fingers. 
“My place it is then. Kevin and Madison are going to the movies, so we’ll have the place to ourselves for a while.” 
I had never been to Daniel’s house before. I knew that he and Kevin were roommates, and knowing that Kevin wasn’t there gave me butterflies. 
It took him about ten minutes before he turned onto a side road. About a mile later, his house came into view. 
The white structure was massive, and unlike anything I had ever seen before. The front of the house held too many windows to count, with black shutters lining everyone. Two streetlights shined brightly, illuminating the beauty of the house even further. Stairs led to the black front door, which held, two huge, white columns on either side of it, and a small balcony setting overhead. 
“Wow… You live here,” I asked, stunned. 
He took my hand leading me through the flower-lined walkway. “This is my parent’s house. It’s actually the house I grew up in,” he replied, sticking the key in the lock.
Opening the door, he stepped in, flicking the light switch on with his free hand. The whole foyer lit up displaying an equally amazing inside. 
My eyes took in the grand staircase that stood directly in front of us. It curved elegantly down, meeting the oak wood floors. The banisters themselves looked to be hand carved from oak matching the floors. A huge Crystal chandelier hung down from the ceiling casting sparkles on the walls as the light hit it. 
“This is the most amazing house I have ever seen,” I said, looking around. 
“It’s been in my family for centuries. It’s a little much for me, but its home,” he said, leading me up the stairs. He turned left once we reached the top, and walked to the end of the long hallway. 
Once inside the room, I knew it had to belong to Daniel. A king-sized bed took up the middle of the floor. A huge flat screen was sitting on the television cabinet directly in front of the bed. A black leather chair was sitting in the corner, with clothes thrown all over it. 
I walked over to his bed taking a seat. The soft black comforter welcomed me. I slipped off my ankle boots, and stretched my legs out in front of me. I looked over at Daniel, who just stood near the doorway staring at me.
“Are you okay,” I asked, noticing his serious face. “I… uh… yeah, all good here,” he said, making his way to the bed. He stretched out on the opposite side of me, as far away as he could possibly get.
“I’m not really known for biting,” I commented. He didn’t laugh. Instead, he closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. 
“Are you sure you’re okay with me being here? You look kind of weird?” Maybe he was getting sick, or something. He wasn’t acting like himself. 
“You know I want you here, Morgan. It’s just… You’re in my room, lying in my bed… And well, you just look so beautiful. You literally just took my breath away when I saw you on my bed,” he whispered. His eyes were staring deeply into mine, and my stomach began to flutter.
“I think you need to have your eyes checked, because I don’t think beautiful is a word I would use to describe myself,” I replied, rolling my eyes at the thought. He placed his hand on my cheek, his thumb softly moving back and forth.
“That’s what I love about you. You are absolutely gorgeous, and you don’t even know it.” 
There was that word again—love—although it came from his mouth, not my thoughts. It was just a figure of speech; no need to get all giddy, I scolded myself. There was no way that this, breathtakingly; beautiful man could ever love me. It wasn’t in my cards. 
“What are you thinking,” he asked.
How did he get so close without me knowing? My heart started beating until I thought it would jump out of my chest. My hands went sweaty, while my stomach started doing tumbles, not just flips. 
“I can’t breathe,” I struggled to say just as his mouth crashed down on mine. It wasn’t the gentle kisses that we had shared before; there was a hunger in this one that we both were feeling. Passion rose between us as our tongues meet and tangled. I pulled him on top of me, holding onto him as tightly as I could. 
I grabbed the sides of his shirt, pulling it over his head and tossing it on the floor while my hands roam his chiseled stomach.
He repeated the action, bringing my sweater over my head, and tossing it to the ground. His tongue traced its way down my neck, gliding lower down until he found my breasts. My body felt like it would literally burst into flames as he pulled my bra down, releasing them. 
He flicked his tongue over my nipple, which instantly hardened. Moving to its twin, he repeated the action. A soft moan escaped my throat. I relished in the wonderful sensations his tongue was creating.
He pulled away too fast, and rolled to his stomach, leaving me gasping for air.
 I pulled my bra back up covering myself, flustered at him for leaving me. I ran my fingers through my tangled hair as I waited for him to say something.
Finally, after what felt like forever, he rolled over to face me.
“I’m sorry,” he mumbled. 
He really just apologized… For what? Turning me on, making me want him in every way possible? 
“What the hell, Daniel? You can’t just kiss me like that, and then say you’re sorry. What is it, exactly, that you’re apologizing for,” I asked, frustrated. 
It took him a moment to answer, but when he did, it only angered me more.
“I’m sorry for bringing you up to my room and for taking advantage of you. I shouldn’t have done that.”
I jumped off of the bed grabbing my sweater from the floor. 
“Are you kidding me? Correct me if I’m wrong, but I think that we were both just as equally involved in that. What, you think just because I’m in your room you’re taking advantage of me?” 
He got up off the bed, running a hand through his messed up hair. 
“I just don’t want you to think that that was my intentions, because I swear, it wasn’t,” he said, through pleading eyes. My anger deflated looking at his beautiful face.
“That’s not what I think, Daniel. I mean, we have been seeing a lot of each other for a while, and you have never tried anything other than kissing me. I wanted that just as much as you did, only I wouldn’t have stopped.”
He smiled wickedly at my last statement. “Morgan, you mean so much to me. I would never hurt you like that.” 
Tears filled my eyes; of course, he didn’t really care for me. I knew I was getting my hopes up thinking that he could actually love me as I did him. Yes, I was in love with him. I could admit that now. It was more than a crush, so much more. I pulled the sweater on and walked over to where I had taken my boots off.
He grabbed my arm before I made it there. Bringing his hand around the back of my neck, he forced me to look at him. 
“Please don’t cry. I didn’t mean to upset you.” I tried to turn my head away, but his grip only tightened.
 “Whatever,” I struggled to say through my tears. I was unable to hold them all in and they soon glided down my cheek. 
“I just meant that… I… you… I mean… I think that I’m … in love with you,” he croaked out. 
I looked up at him. His words had caught me so off guard. I wasn’t expecting him to say those words to me. I just looked at him like an idiot.
 “You love me?” 
“Ever since meeting you, I haven’t been able to get you off my mind. You bring me so much happiness; just being with you. When I’m with you, I feel complete somehow. As if a vital part of my life was missing before, but with you, I’m complete. I have never felt about anyone, the way I feel about you. I’m nervous, Morgan… I don’t want to screw this up,” he whispered the last part. I was speechless. I licked my suddenly dry lips as he continued to stare. Say something before he gets the wrong idea.
 “Daniel, I never, in a million years, thought that you could feel the same way about me, not the way I feel about you,” I said, taking his hand in mine. I held it to my beating heart and closed my eyes. 
“You’re so wonderful. There is no way, in this lifetime, that you could ever disappoint me. No matter how hard you tried. I go to bed every night thinking about you, I wake up every morning, thinking about you. I need you—more than I’ve ever needed anyone in my entire life,” I said, opening my eyes. He looked intently at me searching for something. 
“Really, you feel the same way, you love me,” He asked through glistening eyes. 
“There is just something that keeps pulling me to you. I feel so alive with you. I feel like the pieces of my life are finally clicking together. I love you, Daniel McKay.” 
His strong arms came around me. Home—his arms felt like home. This was where I wanted to be for the rest of my life. 
“I love you, Morgan, with everything in me,” he whispered.

Chapter Three
That night we lay snuggled together in his bed. It felt like life couldn’t get any better than it was, in that very moment. 
Daniel woke me the next morning with a heavenly cup of steaming coffee. 
I sit up in the bed rubbing the sleep from my eyes. I couldn’t remember a night in years that I had slept so peacefully.
“Good morning, beautiful. I love you,” he said, taking a seat beside me. Ah, I could definitely get used to waking to such an amazing man, one who was smart enough to bring me coffee in bed. I smiled brightly at him, wondering how I had gotten so lucky.
“Mmm… I love you, too, but already you’re spoiling me.”
“I could spoil you every minute of every day, and yet, it still wouldn’t be enough,” he murmured, kissing my cheek. 
I finished my coffee before I forced myself out of his comfortable bed. I needed a shower. I needed to figure out what I was going to do about everything that was going on.
“Do you care if I take a shower?” Then it occurred to me that I didn’t have anything to wear; specifically clean underwear. 
“Never mind,” I quickly said, “Nothing to wear, guess I’ll wait until I get back home.” 
He held up his hand, and walked out the door not saying a word. Sitting in the corner chair, I tried to think of what to do. I knew something was going on with Aunt Addie, and her new “best friend” Phil. I just couldn’t put my finger on it. The conversation I heard between them kept replaying in my head. It was just so weird.
They had to have been talking about Daniel, but what could he have figured out about them. I mean, he barely even knew them. The whole, she has not come into her powers yet, was beyond strange. 
I felt like my life was a grade a script, written by the best Hollywood writers. You might as well throw in a witch, fairy godmother, and some kind of mythical creature to complete it. 
“Okay, so I know these aren’t what you would normally wear, but they’ll do,” Daniel said, walking back into the room with a hand full of clothes. 
He handed me a black sleeveless collared dress, orange cardigan, and a pack of unopened panties. 
“You are the best,” I said, throwing my arms around his neck. I placed a quick kiss on his mouth before turning away. I started pacing back and forth through his room, debating on discussing my situation with him.
“Morgan, not that I mind, but if you keep pacing, you’re going to put holes in the carpet.”
I looked down at the plush white carpet, and back up at him. “Sorry, there’s just something that I need to talk to you about.”
Sadness fell upon his beautiful face, as he just stood there looking at me.
“Daniel, what’s wrong,” I asked, worried. 
“Have you changed your mind, about me?” He asked in the quietest voice. I suddenly realized how I must have sounded. Immediately standing, I walked over to him. 
“I will never change my mind about you, besides the heart wants what the heart wants. I just got lucky enough for it to be you,” I said, taking his hand and leading him to the bed. 
I sat down beside him, taking his hand in mine. He looked relieved as his face returned to its normal, beautiful state.
“I need to talk to you about what I overheard between Phil and Aunt Addie yesterday… For some reason, I think you need to know what I heard, it involves you… I think.” 
His head snapped up and he turned to look at me, waiting for further detail. I explained to him everything that I had heard. How I thought they were talking about him, but I couldn’t figure out why. 
He then stood up, and began pacing about his room. “Shit. Shit. Shit,” he chanted as his fingers rubbed his temple. 
“Do you know what’s going on?”
He didn’t answer me. He just paced around his room shaking his head. This worried me. What could have him so upset?
“Daniel, please, tell me what’s going on,” I begged, walking over to him.
He blew out a loud breath before letting his eyes meet mine. He looked worried, really worried.
“There are things that you just don’t know about yet, Morgan. Vital things about your life that Addie hasn’t told you.
“Like what?” 
This couldn’t be good. Was he some kind of criminal involved with Phil or maybe Aunt Addie. Damn, he was going to tell me something really bad? I knew he was too good to be true. My hand went to my churning stomach as I waited for him to tell me the worst.
“I promise to tell you everything I can, baby, but first I have to talk to Kevin.”
“Fine, I’m going to get into the shower, but I expect answers, by the time I’m done,” I said. Kissing me on the cheek, he turned, and quickly strolled out. Could anything just go my way for once, I thought shaking my head, and heading for the bathroom. 
I looked at the huge Jacuzzi tub sitting in the back corner. The image of Daniel and I, soaking while bubbles took over, made my body shutter. Shaking that image away, I grabbed a towel and washcloth from the closet making my way to the shower. 
I turned on the hot water, undressed, and stepped inside. The water washed over my tense muscles as I lathered my hair. 
I took my time, letting the hot water do its magic, until it turned cold. 
I dressed as quickly as possible in the borrowed clothes. They fit better than I thought they would. After towel drying my hair, I headed downstairs. Reaching the landing, I called out for Daniel. 
“In the kitchen,” I heard his voice echo. 
I turned around to see where the kitchen would be. He must have forgotten that he didn’t show me the rest of the house last night. 
To my left led into the living room, so I opted for the right. Walking through the narrow hallway, I could hear Daniel’s voice.  
The hallway led straight to the kitchen, where I could see both Daniel and Kevin, leaning against the beige granite countertop. My eyes took in the massive space. White marble covered the floors; all the appliances were stainless steel, which looked to have been spit shined. 
There was a square table sitting by the back wall that was one big window; the rest of the walls were painted yellow, giving it certain cheerfulness. 
“Good morning, Juliet, did you have a grand sleep over with Casanova here,” Kevin asked a wide grin spread across his face.
“Cut the bullshit,” I replied. I just wasn’t in the mood for any teasing right now. I wanted to know what was going on, and how Daniel was involved.
“Straight to the point, I like that in a girl,” he responded with a wink. I couldn’t help but crack a small smile at Daniel’s very charismatic friend. He was one of them people you couldn’t help but like.
Daniel stood up and walked over to the coffee pot. He refilled his cup and one for me, before returning. 
“I should have told you about everything sooner, but I didn’t want to hurt you,” Daniel said, staring into his cup of coffee. 
“I don’t understand… How would you hurt me?”
“Things are very complicated. You are going to find what I tell you hard to believe, but please keep your mind open. Please know that I would never lie to you.” 
I looked up at him unable to say a word; the expression he had told me he was being serious.
“I promise to keep an open mind,” I said, waiting on him to continue.
He took a deep breath and stood up. Kevin was now leaning by the sink, content on just listening.
“Many, many years ago, all hell broke loose on Earth. Once Lucifer became a fallen angel, he took out his vengeance on anyone who got in his way. He created an army of evil to fight with him and take over. He joined forces with the most damning souls, souls that couldn’t be saved. Together they created demons to fight their battles. Vampires… I cannot say for sure how they succeeded in creating them, but they did. He then set them free to roam, taking out anyone in their way. As God watched from Heaven, he knew he had to do something. He asked his strongest angels to descend to Earth. Their mission would be to protect the lives of the innocent, while balancing evil with their goodness, and the goodness of so many others. You see, God knew that evil would forever be on this Earth, but without the help of his strongest angels, evil would win. You have to have goodness to balance out the evil. He only asked his strongest angels to make this sacrifice. They agreed, knowing there was no other way they could win without doing this. There were twelve in total. Tessa, Allen, Mary, and Alvin as well as eight others,” he paused to look at me.
My breath hitched at the names he had stated. Tessa and Allen were my parents’ names…
“Tessa and Allen Bailey,” he slowly said.
I looked at him as if he was the craziest person on earth. I started laughing at the ridiculous notion.
“Really, Daniel? You expect me to believe that my parents were angels, who descended Heaven to fight evil on Earth?” I asked, through my laughter. I shook my head waiting for his answer.
“I told you she wouldn’t believe you, man,” Kevin tossed in his two cents.
“Shut up, ass-hole,” Daniel yelled out. He looked at me with such an earnest look. He walked over and placed both his hands on my shoulders.
“I asked you to keep an open mind; it is very important that you hear the whole story,” he pleaded, looking deep into my eyes.
His closeness took my breath away, and I just nodded my head yes.
“Tessa and Allen Bailey, Mary and Alvin McKay were the original angels who went on to bring children into this world.
Tessa gave birth to you and your brother; Mary McKay gave birth to me. We are the only children born to the angels. Through them, God could pass amazing powers to us, in order for us to carry on the ‘Warriors,’ as they called themselves.” He looked at me.
“So you’re telling me that both my parents and yours descended Heaven forming the “Warriors,” and had children, who in return, would continue their crusade?” I asked, puzzled. I mean, this was one hell of a story, but I couldn’t bring myself to believe it. 
“Yes, that is what I am telling you. You need to know this in order for you to protect yourself. There are certain people who feel your powers would be better suited for their side. They have been working a long time to make sure that you did not find out about yourself until they could persuade you to join their side. Fortunately, they didn’t know about your dreams,” he said, looking at me questioningly.
“How do you know about my dreams? I have never mentioned them to you,” I asked, bewildered.
“Come on, Morgan, I have certain abilities to, dreams being one of many. It is who we are. We are born with gifts, and some we have instantly, while others come to us when we are ready. Your dreams are your way of knowing the truth,” he explained. 
I tried to process what he was telling me, but I just wasn’t able to. It was all so far-fetched. 
“Daniel… I… I’m… I don’t know… I’m at a loss for words right now,” I stumbled out.
“I know what you are feeling, Morgan. A few years ago, I was feeling the same way. My parents explained it to me when I started to come into my powers. I was eighteen-years-old, and thought they were crazy. Until I had a conversation with God; through my dreams, I never doubted them after that.”
I snapped my head up, and looked at him when he had finished. My dream conversation with God was real.
“I have had a conversation with God through my dreams, the night before my nineteenth birthday.”
“It’s God’s way of letting you know what is real. Your destiny is very important, Morgan. Together you, and I, are supposed to lead the Warriors, it’s our mission in life.”
“So you knew who I was before we met? Did you come looking for me? No wonder you just showed up out of the blue, all mysterious. Are your feelings for me even real?” I hammered out. 
“Don’t even ask me if my feelings for you are real. They are the most real feelings I have ever had in my entire life. I did not set out to find you, either. You can believe that or not. Kevin is your protector, not me. I happened to have entered that coffee shop, on that day, by coincidence. I had just returned from looking all over the world for my parents. Kevin had called me to tell me that we had a problem. I didn’t even know about you then,” he angrily said.
“Wait a minute, back up. What do you mean Kevin is my protector? What does that even mean? Is he like us?”  I asked confused. 
“A protector is assigned to you when you are born, given that you are to lead the most powerful army on Earth, you get the best protector; Kevin was assigned to both, you and me. He is the most powerful of his kind. He could easily watch over us both with no problem. He isn’t like us exactly; he’s a wizard,” he said as if it were the sanest statement he had ever made.
“A wizard? Like what, an old man with a long gray beard, wearing a purple robe and tall pointy hat?” I half-laughed as I thought about it.
“Really, do I even look like what you just described?” Kevin asked moving his arms up and down in the air. He then waved his finger at Daniel, who instantly flew into the wall. 
“Shit, Kevin, you just had to do that?” Daniel hissed out. 
I shut my eyes tight. Slowly, I opened them back up, only to see Kevin’s smiling face inches from mine.
“I’m magical,” he said, laughing. Daniel made his way to us, only to push Kevin away from me. 
“Trust me, I know how hard this is for you to believe,” he said, embracing me. I let my head lay against his chest as I struggled to take it all in. 
“So you didn’t come looking for me?” 
I could feel his heart beating loudly. “I knew about you of course, especially since I had already found out about myself. You, however, didn’t find out anything, so Kevin’s focus has been keeping you safe. I didn’t know anything about you, nothing. Like you already know, I have spent my last few years trying to locate my missing parents.”
“He’s telling the truth, Juliet. I didn’t tell him anything about you, and before you ask, we did just happen to run into you and Madison at the theater. We didn’t have any idea you would be there. 
“Why are you telling me all this now? Does Aunt Addie know about any of this?” 
“When you told me about what you had overheard between Addie and Phil, I knew it was time for you to know. Since your Aunt was obviously keeping it from you. We think that it is their intention to try to get you to join the dark side.”
“So you’re saying that Aunt Addie is evil,” I asked him, wondering if it could be true, I mean, she had taken me in when I had no one else left in this world, and until recently, we had gotten along just fine. 
“There’s something you need to know. I’m sorry I have to be the one to tell you,” Daniel said, sadly.
“Just tell me, it can’t get any worse,” I said, moving away from him, and pacing around the kitchen floor. 
“Addie isn’t really your Aunt; she was originally assigned to be your protector at birth. Your parents trusted her with everything they had, however, once they were out of the picture; her true colors started to show. I don’t know how she managed to fool your parents, or the whole Warriors, for that matter, but she did. She had everyone fooled. It wasn’t until a few years ago that my mother ordered her to be watched. When you started getting older, and she still hadn’t explained anything to you about who you were, suspicions arose. Once Kevin had followed her for a while, we knew that she was working with Phil. Phil is not someone our kind would just be friends with. He is the evilest wizard that we have met. He will do anything to get what he wants. He is one of the main leaders of the dark side.”
“Are you sure that she is working with him?” I knew that the evidence in its self was more than enough proof, but I didn’t want to think that she could actually be evil. 
“I wouldn’t tell you this if I wasn’t a hundred percent sure. I have followed her for many years, and I have seen her meeting with Phil on numerous occasions. Once I told Mary, what I found out, she and Alvin assigned me to you, as your protector. I have been keeping an eye on you ever since. It is my duty to keep you safe. I believe that she has allowed Phil to meet you an encounter you, because she thought it was time to bring you to their side. What she didn’t know was that you had met Daniel, and things were getting serious between the two of you. This messes up her game plan,” Kevin explained.
“Are you sure? I mean she has always been nice, until I met Daniel, that is.”
“Her intentions have never been good, Morgan. She does not want you and Daniel with each other because of the power you two will have. It has always been your destiny to lead heaven’s army together, but you both have found something rare without even knowing it. Soul mates have united, and together you will be our most powerful leaders. Both Addie and Phil never figured that into their equation,” he said looking intently at Daniel and I.
I thought about what he said, about Daniel, and I, being soul mates. I knew that I was absolutely in love with him, but were we soul mates. Was that the feeling I felt when I was with him, as we were slowly becoming one. It was as if I needed to be around him.
“I need some time to think about all this,” I quietly said.
Daniel, who was standing by the refrigerator, looked up at me. I couldn’t tell what he was thinking, though he held a somber look on his face.
“Do you want me to take you home?” he sweetly asked.
After everything that I had just learned about Phil and Addie, home was not exactly the place I wanted to be.
“No, but I would like to go to our spot,” I said, looking up at him. He nodded his head, and we left.
We didn’t say a word to each other the whole ride. I knew he was giving me space to take in what I had just learned.
Pulling on the dirt road, he drove the short distance. He came to a stop and turned the engine off. We climbed out and slowly made our way down the worn path. I had loved this spot of the lake since he first brought me here. 
I wandered over to the water’s edge, and just stood there taking in the view. There was nothing but water as far as I could see; no houses or boat docks to corrupt the view. This place was isolated. Trees stood tall as the vivid leaves of red, yellow, and orange were slowly finding their way to the ground. The wind softly blew, creating a fall chill. Ducks floated lazily as the birds sang their songs.
I felt Daniel’s arms come around me, instantly warming me from the slight chill in the air. He didn’t say a word, he just held me close as we took in the amazing view together. I didn’t know how long we had quietly stood there, but my legs were starting to get tired. 
I turned and walked to a fallen tree, where I took a seat. Daniel didn’t follow me; instead, he stayed where he was.
“Is this all true, Daniel?” He turned to look at me, and the air caught in my lungs. Looking at him standing there, with the sunshine illuminating his beauty, made my knees go weak. He was truly magnificent.
“Everything that we have told you is true; I would never take a chance of losing you by lying. You mean more to me than anything in my life. I love you with my whole heart, Morgan,” he said.
“I love you, too. I just have no idea what I am going to do now. Aunt Addie was the only family I had left and now… There is no one.”
Daniel walked over, and took a seat beside me on the old fallen tree. His arm went around my shoulder, as he gently pulled me to him.
“I know how you feel, my love, to think you have no one left in this world. I promise you right here and now that you will have me for the rest of my life. I will stand beside you; I will love and protect you forever. I have never felt this way about anyone in my entire life. My heart and soul are now yours. Please protect them. I love you, baby,” he said, placing a kiss on my head.
Was it possible to have as much love for someone, as I had for him, without my heart exploding? After everything I had been told. Finding out that my so-called aunt was not even related to me and only wanted to bring me over to the dark side, not to mention, I was expected to lead an army to fight for the goodness of this world. I felt like I had been thrown into an episode of the Twilight zone, but I was comforted by the fact that I had this wonderful man standing by my side. I somehow knew that I could get through anything the world threw at me, as long as I had him standing beside me.
“Daniel, I’ll admit this is insane, and very hard to believe. I was never expecting anything as big as this; I don‘t know how to wrap my head around it all.”
“Trust me; I have felt that feeling before. Ask me whatever you want to know, and I will try to give you an answer.” As soon as he said that, a million questions filled my mind at once. 
“You said that our parents, the angels, descended many, many years ago. However, both my parents were only in their thirties when they passed away. How can that be?” It was the one question that stuck out above the rest. 
He chuckled at my question.  “Well one of their abilities is slowly aging. I mean, very slow. They might have looked like they were in their thirties, but they were over a hundred years old. The same goes for my parents, and you, and I, will be the same as well.”
“What about Kevin? I mean, I don’t know anything about wizards. What is he like?” I asked curiously.
“Kevin is the most powerful wizard that is good. He has been protecting our family for almost as long as they have been here. He can do things unheard of, and with ease. He is loyal to a fault, and would give his life to protect any one of us. His powers are amazing.” I could tell by the tone of his voice that he held major respect for Kevin.
“So how old is he-exactly?” Daniel looked over at me and smiled brightly. “He is actually in his ninety’s. He will not tell me the exact number though. I rag on him all the time. Especially, when he’s dating a very young girl,” he said, with his wide grin. 
“That is so gross,” I remarked, thinking about him and Madison. I wonder what she would say, if she found out that her hot-to-trot boyfriend was an old man. The thought had me laughing so hard that I struggled to catch my breath.
It really is amazing what a good laugh can do. After the laughter had finally died down, I felt much better. It was like having a good cry; it just cleansed your system out. 
Learning all that I had learned was a lot to take in, but I believed what they were telling me. I remembered when my dreams had started happening, how worried my parents were. Every dream I had ever had held meaning or had come true. The ability I had, to tell if someone was good or bad, had always been accurate. I had learned my destiny, and I knew that as long as I had my soul mate standing right beside me, not to mention the most powerful protector on earth protecting me, I could do this.
“Are there more of the Warriors, or is it just us?” I wondered how we were supposed to protect all the people on earth. 
“No, there is more, a lot more. You see when our parents descended they formed the army of warriors. Eventually, they found people who wanted to join in the fight for goodness. There were wizards, witches, angels, and just normal human people; each who joined held nothing, but goodness in their hearts. Over time, they had children, and so on. All have decided to join us after they grew up. Kevin’s grandfather was actually the first wizard to join. He comes from a line of pure wizards. 
There are actually Warriors living in every state. Whatever state they live in is their territory; they protect the people, and keep them safe. Everyone reports to the leaders every mouth, or sooner if something is going on. Your parents were the original leaders, after their accident my parents took over, and after they disappeared, Kevin took over. One day you and I will do the same,” he explained.
“What does being a pure wizard mean? I thought a wizard was a wizard.” 
“There are many out there who have magic in their blood, but over time their blood line get’s diluted, making their abilities very limited. Being a pure wizard means that only wizards have married wizards, giving their children the most amazing powers. Their blood is purely wizard blood.”
“How long does it take to come into your powers?”
“It can take years to become good, and even longer to become great. They actually start sending them to school at around two. I believe Kevin studied in school for about Forty years.” 
“They have to go to school that long?” I asked, shocked. I mean it was hard enough to get through high school, and I wasn't even in college.
“Yes, it takes a lot of practice, and even more patience to become as good as Kevin is now.”
“Wow,” was all I managed to say.
Finally, after hours of answering my questions, Daniel was starving, so we decided to head back to his house.
“So, Casanova talked his Juliet into staying,” Kevin remarked as soon as we walked into the kitchen.
“Kevin, I’m sorry, but don’t you mean Romeo-not Casanova? You know Romeo and Juliet. They are two completely different people.”
Kevin busted out laughing while Daniel just stood there staring at him. I looked back and forth between the two of them not getting it.
“You see, Juliet; I call him Casanova, because that’s what he is… or was until he met you. Daniel has never had a problem getting any girl to drop to his feet. I call it a great gift, but to be honest, he has never really cared about any of them. You know he used to be more of the womanizer type before his sweet Juliet came into the picture,” he explained.
“You’re such a jackass,” Daniel commented. 
It is not that Kevin’s explanation surprised me in any way. I mean, just look at the man, he was drop-dead gorgeous.
“Morgan, I am not the same person I was before. I would never even think about letting you get away from me,” he said, looking at me.
I smiled sweetly at him. I knew he was worried that I would be offended at his previous actions, but I wasn‘t. I didn‘t expect him, not to have a past. I mean, I knew that he could get any girl he wanted. I was just glad that it was me this time.
“Daniel, honey, I don’t expect you not to have a past. I mean, you are gorgeous, but the past is the past. It is a part of who you are and what helped shape you into the person you are today. Nothing can change the way I feel about you.”
His face took on a happier expression. “You are truly amazing. How about we order a pizza or two; I am beyond hungry at this point,” he said, getting the phone.
After the delivery person had finally come, all three of us took a seat around the dinner table. I marveled at all the food Daniel had ordered, two large pizzas, meat lovers and a supreme. Hot wings, bread sticks and some kind of dessert sticks. 
I opened my coke before grabbing a piece of the supreme. Taking a bite of the scrumptious pizza, I was now glad that Daniel had ordered so much. I could probably eat a whole one by myself.
“So the question is, what are we going to do about Addie and Phil,” Kevin asked with a mouth full.
“I’m sure they have figured out that Morgan knows about them since she hasn’t been home in two days,” Daniel replied.
“What do you think they will try to do?” I asked, grabbing a breadstick, and dipping it in the cup of marinara sauce.
Kevin and Daniel looked at each other, before Kevin decided to answer.
“It won’t be good, Juliet. They were already upset when you and Daniel started dating, by now I am sure they are ready to kill.”
I felt my face contort in anger at just the thought of them trying to kill any of us. They were the ones that were doing wrong. I could not understand how Aunt Addie could do any of this.
“Surely they wouldn’t do that, I mean would they really try to kill us?” 
“They wouldn’t hesitate to kill me or you if you refused to join with them. It is who they are and what they do. It would be a victory to kill the future leaders of the warriors,” Daniel said seriously.
By the time we had wiped out all the food, Kevin had formulated a plan.
“Do you think this will work?” I asked Daniel while changing into one of the shirts he gave me. I climbed into the bed, and pulled the blanket over my legs.
“It’s the best chance we got, and well if it doesn’t work, then we fight fire with fire.” He climbed in beside me as we snuggled together. I could definitely get used to this.
We didn’t talk anymore, both of us worn out from the day’s events. My eyelids became too heavy to keep open, and I let sleep pull me under.
Chapter Four
“My daughter, you have great strength and powers you will need to fight the evil on this earth. It is my will and your destiny,” said a musical voice, one I knew held authority. 
I was sitting in what appeared to be a forest, with trees all around me. Flowers of all shades and sizes grew wildly among the vivid green grass. Animals roamed; not even noticing visitors invaded their space. The sunshine warmed my skin as I lifted my face toward the sky. After a moment, I realized someone had been talking to me, but as I looked around, I couldn’t see anyone.
“Look up to me, Morgan,” the musical voice sang in my ears. Then as if a light bulb went off in my head, I opened my eyes, my face still lifted toward the sky, facing Heaven.
“Yes, daughter, I am here. Remember, Morgan, your dreams holds many answers.”
“God, is that you? I choked out.
“I am your creator, Morgan. I know you have many questions, but not all can be answered.”
“What is my true purpose?” This was the question I needed answered the most. The true answers I knew only God could give.
“Morgan, you my girl, have a purpose as I told you before. You will lead the Heavenly Warriors, and do what you must to keep all the innocent people safe. Evil is spreading faster than it ever has in the past. Hell has created an army of many people, demons, and creatures only believed to be mythical. People are easily giving their souls to the Black Mass, as they have come to call themselves; led by the most powerful, evil spirit known as Lucifer.”
“I don’t think I can do that. I am neither strong, nor powerful God.” 
“I created you, and trust me when I say this, you are the most powerful that has yet to come. Find your strength and powers. Learn how to use them, since you will need them. 
Keep your guard up; as you have found out tonight, there are some who are not who they appear to be. Follow your heart, and trust that it will lead you to the right place. You have already found the one who will stand by you for all eternity. Never doubt his love for you.
“I do understand. I do trust fully in you, God. I know that you will give me the strength I need. I pray that you will guide me.” 
“What’s the rest, Morgan?” God patiently asked me.
“God, how can I be the leader of the Heavenly Warriors, when I am not… I don’t know… I am nowhere near perfect or anywhere close to being perfect. I am who I am, and I do not pretend to be anyone else. 
“My Child, I do not ask you to be anyone other than yourself. No one is perfect. I know your heart is one made of goodness. You believe in me as your creator, and that is all I ask. Belief is one of the strongest powers you can have. There is no one on Earth who is perfect, although many seem to think, they are. I will never ask you to be perfect. I only ask you to keep your faith. Stay strong, and remember to keep your eyes open. Your life is about to change. You are about to be who you were born to be. Believe in yourself, and believe in the ones that truly love you for they are the ones that will always be there for you.
~*~*~*~*~*~
I awoke, instantly looking around, trying to figure out where I was. I soon realized that I was still in Daniel’s bedroom. Looking over, I took in his sleeping figure… Was he the one that would stand by me through it all? Happy tears spilled from my eyes. I knew that I had been blessed with this wonderful man; a man whom I would spend my forever with.
I closed my eyes thanking God for giving me the blessing of love. It was the most magnificent feeling to have, to know that there was one person in this world you could get through anything with; someone who was going to love you for who you were.
There was no way I could describe the exact feeling I had. It was like, for once in my life the clouds had parted, and the stars had aligned. To know love was to know greatness, for there was no greater emotion. I had never before experienced it in this way. The love you hold for your family was different, not less, not more, just different. 
I slowly crept out of bed, and headed to the bathroom. After I showered, I dressed in my freshly washed clothes. When I returned to the bedroom, Daniel was already out of bed, and I figured that if he were anything like me, he would be in the kitchen starting the coffee.
I was right; he was standing beside the coffee pot as the last drop landed in the full pot. I inhaled the heavenly scent as I pulled a cup from the cabinet. 
“Good morning,” I said, taking my coffee to the table where Daniel was sitting. 
He looked over at me, his hair still messy from sleep. He was shirtless; the only item of clothing he wore was his black gym shorts. I ogled him for a minute, basking in his insane hotness. 
“Morning, my love, did you sleep well?” he asked, eyeing me. 
“I slept better than ever. You seem to make sleep better for me,” I smiled, as I stole a strawberry from his plate.
Looking at the microwave, which glowed 8:30, I  realized I only had thirty minutes left to get to work as planned. 
“Let me throw some clothes on, and I’ll get you there,” he said, quickly kissing my cheek before bounding up the stairs. He was back in less than five minutes. I wish I could look that good in five minutes, after just getting out of the bed.
“Are you sure you want to go through with this?  We can always wait,” he asked, pulling out of the driveway.
“I don’t want to take the chance of them hurting anyone. I can do this, Daniel. Addie has already shown me her true colors.” 
I didn’t want to give her credit by calling her aunt Addie. That part of my life was dead, and gone. 
It took Daniel less than ten minutes before he pulled in front of the little coffee shop. 
“You know the plan… I’ll see you when you get off. Stay safe, I love you.” He leaned over in the truck, and pulled me into a passionate kiss. Pulling away before I jumped him right in front of my work, I opened my door, and climbed out. 
“I love you.” 
As always, Monday proved to be busy. I didn’t even have time to take a break, so by the time six rolled around, I was more than ready to go.
“Hey, Madison, can you give me a ride home?” She looked me over as if inspecting me for something. 
“What are you looking at?” 
Smiling her sweet and innocent smile, she looked at me with a serious expression. For Madison, this was huge. I think the only time I had seen her be serious was when she thought she could get pregnant by giving a guy oral. I’m not joking, granted we were freshman in high school at the time, and knew little about the ways of life.
“Did you have sex with him? I know you have been with him all weekend. Your Aunt wouldn’t stop calling me to see if I had heard from you,” she said, sadly.
 I knew she was only sad because she thought that I had sex with Daniel, and didn’t instantly call her to inform her that I was not a virgin anymore.
“No, you big idiot, just because I was at his house doesn’t mean I threw myself at him. It wasn’t ‘sacrifice a virgin’ weekend,” I stated, rolling my eyes. 
This made her smile as she jumped up and down. “I’m so glad, well not that you and Daniel didn’t knock boots, just that, you didn’t knock boots, and not tell me about.” I looked at her shaking my head.
“You know that made no sense right.” 
“Oh whatever, Morgan, you know what I mean. Now let’s go,” she said, grabbing her pink juicy purse and walking out the door.
I followed behind her wondering how I could be best friends with someone who was totally opposite of me. Climbing into her silver BMW, she pulled out. 
“So why are you and Addie going at it anyway?’ she asked as she backed the car out. 
“I don’t know. She doesn’t really like Daniel or whatever. Did she say anything to you?” I knew Addie would call Madison; it was a given, but I didn’t know if she had tried to pry answers out of her.
“No, not really… Just that you hadn’t come home, and that you were with Daniel. Of course, she thinks he is bad news. I don’t know why all the hot guys get the bad rep anyway,” she said, shaking her head. 
She pulled into my driveway, and asked if I wanted her to go inside with me. Sticking with the plan the boys and I had come up with, I had to make sure she left.
“That’s okay. Everything will be fine. I’ll call you tomorrow with details. Thanks for the ride.”
I put on my game face, mentally preparing myself for what was about to unfold.
“Morgan Grace Bailey, kitchen, NOW,” Addie’s voice screamed as soon as the door opened. 
Shit, she was pissed, and now that I knew how evil she was, well it scared me. I walked into the kitchen where I spotted Phil sitting at the bar, and Addie was standing by the sink, her hands on her hips.
“Where the hell have you been, young lady?” she snapped. I hung my purse on the back of the empty bar stool before speaking.
“I’m nineteen-years-old; I don’t need a babysitter,” I calmly said.
“I really don’t care how old you are. As long as you are living under my roof, you will obey MY rules. You understand?” Right then the doorbell rung, and I yelled, “Come in,” as loud as I could. He was right on time, perfect.  When I heard footsteps, I turned to look at Addie.
“It’s funny that you mention that. If you really want to get technical, then maybe you should start obeying my rules,” I said, in my sweetest voice.
She looked at Phil, and then back at me just as Daniel approached my side. 
“What are you talking about?” She asked, eyeing me. 
I shrugged my shoulders as if it was no big deal. “I’m not stupid you know. You have been living in my parents’ house since they passed away. Do you think I didn’t know they left it to me? Well, to answer what you are thinking, I do. The lawyer contacted me last year,after I turned eighteen. This house, along with everything in it, belongs to me.”
Daniel put his arm around my waist as Addie’s face turned from shocked to evil. I’m not just talking about angry… I mean her eyes looked like fire would shoot out of them. She balled her hands into fists, and took a step toward me.
“I knew he was behind this. I told you nicely to stay away from him, but did you listen to me? Someone who took you in when your parents abandoned you and this is the thanks I get.”
Hearing her words made my blood start to boil. My body started trembling, I literally felt like going all Bruce Lee on her ass. Daniel’s hand started moving up and down my back trying to calm me. I couldn’t control my body as the trembling got worse.
“NOW,” Daniel shouted.
Suddenly, I heard the front door fly open, and Kevin immediately rushed into the kitchen. Phil jumped out of his chair, rushing to Addie’s side. 
“I see you have come prepared,” Phil said, looking at Kevin.
My eyes blurred as my hand felt like it was on fire. I didn’t see who attacked whom, but Kevin had his hand wrapped around Phil’s neck. I seen Addie lunge forward at me, and I intuitively threw my hand up in front of me. A bolt of electricity charged out of my palm, hitting her right in the chest. 
I just looked at her body jerking on the floor, and then I looked at my palm. Holy cow… Did that just happen. I looked over at Daniel, who was staring at me with wonder. I didn’t know what had just happened, but it felt good. 
Then I felt something sharp pierce my leg, snapping my attention away from my hand. Instant pain pulsated through my calf down to my foot. I looked down to see a dagger sticking out of my calf. Blood was spilling out around the knife, pooling on the floor. Holy shit… Blackness surrounded me, as I began to lose consciousness. 
I lay still on the cold, hard floor unable to see anything, but I could hear everything that was going on around me.
“Damn it, Kevin, forget about that ass-hole. Morgan needs your help, zap us now,” Daniel shouted. 
Suddenly, I felt the air whoosh around me, swirling… I was so dizzy, and my head was pounding; then nothing.

 I felt rough hands rubbing up and down my wounded leg as I woke. Shaking the grogginess out of my head, I opened my eyes. I immediately tried to jump up at the sight of Kevin’s hands all over my bare leg.
Arms went across my chest restraining me. “What the hell are you doing? Let me go,” I yelled, trying to wiggle free. 
“Morgan, baby, please be still, he’s only healing you,” Daniel’s voice sang in my ear. I looked up to see his worried face. I calmed down as Kevin’s hands continue to roam freely. His hands felt hot now, as if he had stuck them over a roaring fire; the pain that had been in my leg just a moment ago, subsided at the feel of his hands. 
“Alright, you’re good to go,” Kevin said, standing up. He rubbed his eyes before looking at me. “Can you feel any pain?” 
“No, not anymore,” I softly replied.
Daniel put his hand on the side of my head, rubbing my temples. “Are you sure you can’t feel anything? That wound was pretty bad.” 
“Don’t underestimate my powers, Daniel! I am that good,” Kevin stated. 
He sounded rough, and I wondered if he was okay. The last I had seen he had been choking Phil. 
“I really don’t feel anything. It feels like nothing happened. Who the hell threw a dagger at me anyway?”  
“That would have been Addie, lucky her aim wasn’t better, or it would have gone through your heart like she was aiming for,” Daniel said bitterly. 
I knew that I should have expected nothing from her, but honestly, I was shocked. I mean, she pretended to be my Aunt for years; taking care of me in the times that I needed her most. How could she just pretend to do that? Now, here she was trying to kill me. It was just wrong, in so many ways, to do that to someone. 
“That is so not cool,” I said, shaking my head. I looked around realizing that we were back in Daniel’s living room. “How did we get back to your house?” I asked.
“I teleported us back here when Addie threw that damn thing at you,” Kevin said, walking over to stand by the couch. 
“How did you do that? I mean, do you have a magic wand, or something?” 
You would think I had been Jim Carrey the way Daniel and Kevin broke into laughter. Kevin was holding his stomach bent over in hysterics. Daniel was now on the couch sitting by my feet, struggling for air. I didn’t know what was so funny; I thought wizards and witches had magic wands. 
“Would either one of you care to explain to me what I said that is so funny? It’s a legit question,” I said, staring quizzically at them.
“I’m… sorry… that is just so… funny,” Kevin managed to get out through his laughing fit. Wiping the tears from his eyes, he looked at me grinning. 
“I needed that, Juliet, nothing like a good laugh. To answer your question… I don’t have to carry a wand of any sort because my magic comes from inside. I was born with it; it runs deep in my veins. It takes years to be perfect, but once you are; you can just flick a finger. I don’t have to chant a spell to the top of my lungs either, I can say it in my mind, and that’s enough. I have spent many years becoming the greatest,” he said with a wink.
I guess he was allowed to be cocky, since he was apparently the best. My leg was all better and for that, I was beyond grateful. 
“Thanks,” I simply said.
Over the next few weeks, Daniel and I didn’t leave his house. Apparently, Phil and Addie were angry and had gone on a rampage to get to us. Kevin had shielded the house, creating a barrier that couldn’t be penetrated; not even by Phil.
For the first few days, the creepiest people imaginable surrounded the house. I mean, they looked like they had walked straight out of ‘The Night of the living dead.’ They were, of course, all members of the dark side. They tried every way imaginable to get through the barrier, but couldn’t.
“Don’t worry about them, my love; they can’t get through. I promise,” Daniel said, trying to calm my fear. I didn’t doubt Kevin’s powers one bit, but looking out the window had freaked me out. It was like literally being stuck in your worst nightmare. 
I walked away from the window, joining Daniel on the oversized couch that sat in the middle of the floor. He slid his arm around me, sending sparks floating throughout my body. I wondered if one day they would stop, after the magic of finding each other had faded. I really hoped not.
I lay my hand on his stomach and allowed my eyes to close. I felt the safest in his arms. As if nothing or no one could touch me, he was my safe haven. 
Kevin instantly appeared a few feet from where we were sitting. 
“We have to talk now,” he snapped. 
I looked at Daniel, who was staring at Kevin. Kevin never seemed to get upset, but this could be the exception. 
“I just heard some things from a rogue, about your parents,” Kevin said in a hurry. 
Daniel jumped up off the couch in a flash, leaving me sinking into the cushion. 
“What about my parents; how is a rogue going to know anything about them?” he said pacing around. I decided it was best for me to stay seated; the anger in Daniel’s eyes scared me.
“You are not going to like what I’m about to tell you. Remember, I am only the messenger,” Kevin said holding up his hands.
“Tell me now,” Daniel screamed. I didn’t move a muscle as I watched him. I had never seen him like this before.
“The rogue said that Phil was telling everyone who can spread the word to you, that they will trade your parents…. for Morgan.” They both turned to face me. 
I had never seen so many emotions come over someone’s face. Instead of saying anything, he walked over to the closest wall, and started pounding his fist into it. When the hole was too big for him to do anymore damage, he started screaming. 
“How the fuck can you tell me that. What am I supposed to think about that? Why should I believe what any rogue has to say, anyway?”
Kevin looked at me with a humble expression; I could see what he wasn’t saying written all over his face. A rush of sadness came over me as I thought about what Daniel must be feeling. He had been searching for his parents for years now, but to have them back home; he would have to agree to send me to hell, pretty much.
I stood up and walked over to Kevin. “Do you think they really have his parents, or do you think that this could this be some kind of trick to get to me?” I asked.
He looked at me somberly shaking his head. “I really can’t answer that Morgan. I mean, both Daniel and I have been everywhere looking for them. It is as if they vanished off the face of this earth. So yeah, it’s highly possible that they have kept them captive someplace remote,” he said looking seriously at me. 
I closed my eyes knowing what I would have to do. There wasn’t any way I would let Daniel make this decision. How could I make him choice between his parents and me? Either way he went, he would be haunted for the rest of his life at his decision. 
“Kevin, I want you to agree to make the exchange,” I quietly said. Daniel and Kevin both stared at me with frozen expressions. 
“Like hell he will. There is no way on God’s green earth that I would agree to let you do that, Morgan. What are you thinking?” He yelled coming closer to me. 
I felt my heart sank into my chest as I stared up at him. Volunteering to leave him would be the hardest thing that I had ever done. 
“That’s why I just made the conscious decision to go. I wouldn’t put that burden on you, Daniel.”
“No… No…. No… I will not let you give yourself over to them. They will torture you, Morgan, or worse they could kill you if they don’t give them what they want from you. We don’t even know if they have my parents.” 
I choked back the sobs that threaten to escape. The thought of giving myself to them was far beyond incomprehensible, just thinking about leaving Daniel left me hollow; an empty hole in the very core of my being. 
“If this is what we have to do, then we will; I am getting stronger everyday, Daniel; I can feel it. I can beat them, and I will come back to you.”
“I know that you don’t want to hear it, but she’s right man. She is gaining her powers; you have seen what she did to Addie. I truly believe that she can make it,” Kevin said looking between the both of us. 
“That’s easy for you to say; she’s not your fucking girlfriend. How am I supposed to let her walk away from me? To hand her over to the damn devil himself, you know what they will do to her. How could I live with myself?”
Silence filled the room at his statement. I knew what I would be getting myself into, but the thought of making him chose made me sick. I didn’t know what they would do to me, but I had the overwhelming feeling that this was the right thing to do. I would fight with my life to bring myself back to him. I would not let him go.
Kevin soon left to find out more information. Daniel and I lay tangled together in his bed. He held me so tight; I could barely breathe, but I wouldn’t complain. I was about to leave the man I loved more than life itself. Despite my best efforts, the tears rolled down my cheeks. 
“This is ridiculous; there’s no way I can let you do this. Please reconsider,” he begged.
My heart shattered into a million pieces at his words. The pain I was feeling was unbearable; like our souls were being torn away from each, other creating emptiness where they once were. We had only just found our love, and now we were being forced to separate. This was not the way it was supposed to be, but it is what had to be done. I trusted God to guide me, and I knew he would bring me back to Daniel.
“I am not about to make you chose between me and your parents, Daniel. I would not be doing this if I thought I was not going to come back to you. You are my life now, and I will fight with everything that I have in me.”
He let the conversation drop after that. I knew he didn’t have any argument left in him. 
Drifting off to sleep, I found myself walking around somewhere strange. It didn’t look familiar to me at all; it looked like… an underground city? I couldn’t tell. I was walking on a dirt path; rusting pipes whistled overhead. A mouse ran across my foot causing me to scream at the top of my lungs. I noticed people… strange-looking people, like the ones that had circled around Daniel’s house trying to get through the barrier. They were all staring at me, as if I was food. I picked up my pace, and ran straight into a hard surface. Forcing my eyes to leave the creepy people, I tried to see what I had run into, not what, but who. I had run into a huge muscled man, who was strikingly handsome. He didn’t look like the other people that I had just seen.  He wore a black T-shirt, which outlined his rippled chest. His blue eyes were piercing, as he stood staring at me. His black hair fell down his face like silk. 
“Hello, Morgan,” the man said.  I looked at him strangely, as his eyes held my gaze. My mind was screaming evil, but I was somehow transfixed on him.  Suddenly, his hands went around my neck, cutting off my oxygen. He lifted me up in the air with ease as I violently clawed at his hands. He just smiled. I could feel my life draining away as I struggled for air. 

I bolted up in bed with while my hands grabbed for my throat. I struggled to catch my breath, as I tossed the cover off my sweaty body. I needed water. I quietly got out of bed, tiptoeing out of the room, not wanting to wake Daniel up. I gently opened the door, and closed it once I was in the hallway. 
Making my way downstairs, I noticed the kitchen light on. As soon as I walked through the doorway, I saw Kevin sitting at the table. He had his elbows on his legs holding his head in his hands. Not wanting to disturb him, I went to the refrigerator and pulled out a cold bottle of water. 
“I don’t think I can let you go through with this, Juliet,” he said raising his head. I instantly noticed his red-rimmed eyes; he had been crying. For some reason, I couldn’t picture him doing that. 
“What are you talking about?” I asked nervously.
He stood up and walked over to me. “I am your protector. It is my mission in life to keep you safe. How can I just let you go into the most evil place, there is? Not to mention, Daniel is like a brother to me. How can I cause you both so much pain?” I put my hand on his arm and looked into his eyes. 
“It’s not your choice Kevin. I know that this is going to be hard-on everyone involved, but it is what has to be done. What if they kill his parents; do you honestly think he could live with that?”
 “That on some unconscious level he wouldn’t blame me or you, for that matter; I can beat them, Kevin. I will beat them. He’s my life now, and I will come back to him.”
“You make a good point. He is going to hate me for letting you go, and I can’t blame him. If I didn’t know the strength you have in you, I wouldn’t let you go. I watched you grow up; I see your strength every day. You will come back and I will do all I can to help,” he said, pulling out two more bottles of water, tossing one to me.
“Anyway, the reason I’m up this late is because I had a nightmare. Not just a normal nightmare, I could actually feel things in this dream. I was in like this underground city,” I continued to explain my dream to Kevin. He listened intently until I finished.
“It sounds like somewhere they would live—underground to keep darkness around. I will see if I can find out some more information from the rogues.”
“I‘ve heard you and Daniel talking about rogues, but what are they exactly?” I asked curiously.
“Rogues are people who have strayed from the Black Mass or the Dark side; they call themselves both. Any ways, rogues do not like to be ordered around, and usually go off on their own. They are still very dangerous to anyone they cross paths with, but more willing to spill secrets.”
“I understand now. Thanks, Kevin; I mean for everything,” I said, hugging him. He had watched over me for nineteen years, and managed to keep me safe. I was beyond grateful for that. 
“It’s my pleasure, Juliet. You and Daniel are going to be unstoppable together; I hope you know that.”
The next few days were the most emotional days of my life. When Daniel and I were not arguing, he would start with Kevin. Poor Kevin, he just let Daniel yell at him, and wouldn’t even say a word. We both knew that he was only acting this way based on his fear. He begged and pleaded for me to stay; causing what little remained left of my heart to crumble. 
“I’ve made my final decision, Daniel; I’m going to go through with this,” I said, pleading with him to understand. He didn’t of course, and stomped off, leaving me with silent tears. 
“He’ll get through this you know; just come back to him, Juliet.” I looked up at Kevin, who had been busy making plans. We were to meet Phil and Addie in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The exchange would be made, and both parties would go their separate ways; that’s what we had agreed.
“There’s one person, in particular, you should know about before you leave.”
 “Okay who?” I asked Kevin taking a seat beside him at the table. 
“Daniel’s not going to like me telling you this, but you need to know what you’re dealing with,” he said shaking his head. He had my full attention now. 
“You see as I told you before; Daniel has always been a ladies’ man. He has never had a problem in that department, but he has never really been into anyone. A couple of years ago, he met this girl, or what he thought was just a girl. He instantly felt her evilness and did not like her. He tried to avoid her, but what he didn’t know was she was not a girl; she was a full-blooded witch. She managed to find him wherever he went.”
 I interrupted him with my hysterical laughter. “A full-blooded witch; you mean like in a green face, big nose, and a wart on her chin?” I asked, almost falling out of my seat; I was laughing so hard.
“Laugh all you want, Juliet, but yes a full-blooded witch. Not like what you are thinking though. You see a full-blooded Witch is the most powerful of their kind. They have the amazing ability to conjure up any spell. They are kind of like the female version of me, only not quite that powerful. Most have joined forces with the Warriors, but this one, in particular, Carmen, she is pure evil. She immediately joined forces with the dark side, craving nothing, but attention. She will do anything to get what she wants, and what she wanted was Daniel. You have to understand that Carmen has made herself out of this world attractive. It is very hard for any man to turn her down, but Daniel did just that. Which pissed her off, so she kept showing up at places he was at until one night, she finally managed to seduce him. I don’t really know how it happened, and Daniel does not like talking about it. It only happened one time, but he can’t stand the fact that she could get to him. Any ways, Carmen is infatuated with him. She has tried numerous times to get to him, but amazingly, he has held his ground.”
I looked at him like he was a lunatic. “Kevin, why are you telling me about Daniel’s past hookups? That’s not something I want to hear.”
“She is with the Black Mass. She will more than likely be with Phil; they are like an item or something disgusting. Just keep your eyes on her, and don’t believe anything she says, she is a bitch,” he finished, looking sternly at me. 
Great, this was just going to be a blast; Stuck in hell with a witch-bitch that wanted my boyfriend, and obviously would do anything to get him, I couldn’t wait. 
“There’s something else we need to do, you and me,” he said shifting in his chair. I looked at him waiting to hear what it was that we just had to do.
“Since I’m your protector, we have a certain connection. If we blood bond with each other, it will allow me into your head. You have to keep your mind open to mine, allowing me to see everything you see. We can also communicate through our connection. It‘s the only way for you to keep us informed on what‘s going on.”
Okay, I could understand much of what I had found out, even though it was more like a fairy tale book than actual reality, but blood bond with him… like drink his blood or whatever. NO way was I going to do that.
“That has got to be the most disgusting thing I have ever heard of. There is no way I am drinking your blood, Kevin. I mean, I like you and all, but I have to draw the line somewhere,” I said, wrinkling my nose. Gross…
He chuckled at my rant and just shook his head. “I don’t mean we have to drink each other’s blood, Juliet. It is simple really. I just poke my finger, and next I poke yours, and then we press them together. Our blood mixing together will create an eternal link to each other.” 
With that said, my thoughts took another turn, would he be able to always see what I did? I mean that is beyond creepy, and there was no way I would agree to give him that link to me. 
“What if there’s something I don’t want you to see; like something personal for only me to see. I don’t want you to see or hear everything I do,” I blurted out.
“It doesn’t work like that. First, you have to allow me into your mind; otherwise, there is no way I can enter. Secondly, I do not want to see everything you see when I do not need to, so you have no worries… trust me. However, when you are away, I do need to see everything, even if you think I do not need to see it; every detail is important to me and will assist me in finding you. Keep your mind open,” he said seriously. 
I thought about what he said, and it did make a lot of sense. He would be able to see everything I saw. I hoped this would help him find me a whole lot sooner. 
After he finished telling me about the blood bond, he reached inside his pocket pulling out his tiny knife. He poked a little hole in his thumb, squeezing the blood to the top. He reached for my hand while I closed my eyes tightly. I could feel a little prick, but no pain. He gently squeezed, making the blood rise. I opened my eyes, and we pressed our thumbs together.
We waited for at least five minutes before we pulled them apart. I expected to feel something, but I did not feel any different.
“You won’t notice any changes Juliet, but when our minds connect it will feel like a small nudge,” he explained while sticking a band-aid on my tiny prick. 
“How do I open my mind up to you?” 
“You have to relax, think of something you want me to see and pull that into your memory. Fully focus on it.” 
I did what he said willing my mind to relax. I focused on the nightmare I had had before coming downstairs. I felt something tug, and then I felt the connection. 
“So, are we connected now? Can you see anything?” I let the questions float through my mind.
“You’re a natural, good job. I now have a mental picture of this place, which will help in my search,” his voice floated through my mind. This was the craziest thing I had ever felt. I mean I was having a conversation with another person in my head, weird. 
Finally, as the hours passed, my mind became blank. I told Kevin Goodnight before heading back to bed. 
Chapter Five
Daniel woke me up the next morning, with a cup of coffee in hand. Looking up at him, pain shot through my heart seeing the sadness showing on his beautiful face and knowing that I had caused it. 
“Hey,” he said with a raspy voice. It sounded way different than the sexy, smooth voice I had been so accustomed to hearing.
“Hey,” I replied. We just stared at each other for the next few minutes; there were no words to express what either of us was feeling.
“Kevin told me that you guys did the blood bond last night,” he said breaking the silence. I looked at the brown band-aid on my thumb, instantly remembering.
 “Yeah, he said it would help him find me.”  He looked at me curiously. “Do you think it would work with us? I mean since we are already deeply connected.”
 Thinking about it, I didn‘t see a reason why it wouldn‘t... “I don’t know how these things work, but there’s always a chance if you have that kind of connection,” I said, thinking about it.
Getting off the bed, he quickly disappeared to the bathroom. He came back holding something in his hand. He sat down next to me with his head down. 
“Do you think you would maybe want to be blood bonded with me?” he quietly asked with his head still down. 
I thought about what it would be like if he had access to my most personal thoughts. I mean, we already knew everything about each other, but did I really want him to be able to see what they could do to me once I was in their hands? 
“I… uh… do you think that is such a good idea?” I asked. He snapped his head up angrily. “So it’s okay for Kevin to be in your head, just not me.” I could see the hurt as it registered on his face. My hand instantly went up to his cheek; cradling it there. 
“I didn’t mean it like that, Daniel. I love you with my whole heart. I want to be connected to you in every way possible. You are my soul mate. I just meant what if they do things to me that I wouldn’t want you to see. I don‘t want you to be able to see, or hear anything that is going to be done,” I softly explained. 
“You have given me no choice on this matter. I want to be able to stay with you, even while you are away. I will find you, Morgan, and I will bring my wrath with me when I do.” 
He was right. I had not given him a choice, but I was doing it for his own good. However, I knew that if I could at least be connected to him with my mind, it would help me get through.
“Okay, we will try,” I said, sitting my coffee down.
He stuck his middle finger with the Bobby pin he held. I gave him my hand to repeat the action. Once the blood was on the surface, we stuck our fingers together. While touching him this time it was not just tingles, it was full-on radiation. Our fingers heated up, and I could instantly see inside his mind. Holy shit… this was not what I had felt with Kevin last night. This was so much more. It was like two souls colliding together and becoming one.
 His thoughts instantly floated throughout my mind; they were jumbled at first, but then they started becoming clear. His love for me, his fear of what they would do to me, what he would do to them if I got hurt. 
Sitting on the bed with our fingers still pressed together, we stared at each other in wonder. It felt like my blood was leaving my body, and his was entering. Heat radiated up and down my veins as the blood pumped through. My heart started beating faster, and then, suddenly, electricity shot through our fingers hitting each other. The shock was so forceful it knocked us down on the bed. 
“What just happen?” Daniel asked in my head. “That’s not what it felt like with Kevin. Do you think we did something wrong?” I sent back to him. We sat up at the same time, both of us looking at each other, not knowing what had just happened. 
I held my hand up in the air with my palm facing him. “Touch your palm to mine,” I said, inside my head. He wiggled his fingers and then held his palm in mine. Sparks literally flew between our hands. 
“I think maybe we should go ask Kevin about this.”
“KEVIN,” I shouted as we raced down the stairs. He appeared in the foyer with his hands upon his hips.
 “Must you scream at me? You can’t just sweetly say, Kevin, I need you,” he grouchily asked.
“I’m sorry…I know you haven’t had any sleep, but I think we did something…I mean, Daniel and I kind of blood bonded…you know like we did last night, but only it didn’t have the same results…Shit, Kevin it was like we both were getting electrocuted, or something,” I let rush out. 
“What do you mean you and Daniel blood bonded?” He asked staring at us both as if we were crazy.
Did he not just hear what I said? “I mean exactly what I said, we blood bonded, and it didn’t work out the way we thought it would,” I said, frustrated. 
He looked from me to Daniel and back again. “How could you even try something like that without asking me first?” Neither Daniel nor I answered him. We stood there staring at him. He huffed out a breath, and explained what we had just done.
“It’s like this, when your blood bond with your protector it gives him or her benefit of helping you when you need it the most. When true soul mates blood bond it’s pretty much like… how do I explain this… it’s like getting married, but only intensified. When the blood is exchanged, you create a bond that can never be broken. You will be able to know each other’s every thought and feeling, there is no hiding anything, unless you learn how to put up a wall to that connection. I have only seen it done with your parents. They say that you are able to feel every emotion that the other one does. I hear it’s the most intimate action you can do,” he finished explaining with a grin.
Did he say married, bonded for life? What had we just done? I was so confused. 
“Did you say married?” Daniel asked my question. Kevin’s smile got wider “Uh, yeah bro, you’re pretty much married. I mean, it is so much more than just a piece of paper; you are forever internally connected. Congrats man,” he said patting Daniel on the back.
Daniel just looked at him dumbfounded. “What a jackass,” I heard him think. I burst out laughing. I couldn’t help it; I mean this was the craziest thing that had ever happened to me. 
“Being bonded to me is crazy?” Daniel’s not so happy voice asked. I turned to look at him; he just looked so damn sexy. 
He smiled at me as soon as the thought passed through my mind. Shit, now I couldn’t ogle him without him knowing. He broke down in laughter. Then, I slapped myself on the head, at thinking that. 
“Hum… I guess I can’t ogle you anymore either. Mmm, especially when you’re sleeping, and look all sexy with your legs all tangled in the cover.” I laughed at that thought, because I was so not sexy when I slept. “Oh yes, you are.”
“Are you guys carrying on a conversation; in your heads really; that is so disrespectful… I’m standing right here, dude” Kevin said interrupting our thoughts. 
“I’m going to bed,” he said, stomping off. Daniel and I just laughed as he left. “Sorry I didn’t get to purpose first,” Daniel said once Kevin was gone. “What do you think about all this?” I asked not really knowing what to make of it myself.
He took my hand and led me into the kitchen where he poured us both a cup of coffee. At this point, I thought we might need something a little stronger, but shrugged the thought away. 
“I really didn’t know that it would be like this, I mean I thought it would be the same as with Kevin. I am sorry I forced this on you,” he said searching my eyes. 
“You didn’t force anything on me. I don’t know what to think about this though, it feels so crazy.” 
He came over to me placing his hands on my hips. His mouth softly collided with mine letting the fireworks began. There had always been tingles, but this was so much more. My arms wrapped around his neck, while my hands tangled in his silky hair. He lifted me on the counter. I pulled him between my legs as I savored his sweet taste. 
Every sense was heightened, as we brought each other to new levels. His mouth was on my neck causing the core of my body to heat. He pulled away breathless. 
“Wow, I’ve never felt anything like this in my life,” he murmured. My lips tingled, and my whole body felt like it was on fire. I looked into his amazing hazel eyes; this was my one and only. This was my forever and always. 
“Together we can get through anything,” his voice rang through my head. 
We spent our last night together basking in our love. The rest of the world faded out for just one night. We just snuggled closely to each other, holding on as tightly as we could. We decided to wait to make love to each other, when we could actually savor each moment together, not when we had to part ways the next day.
I would not let myself think about what was about to be, but only what was. It was my destiny to lead alongside Daniel, earth’s army. I knew that I would make it back to live out my mission with the one who would be leading with me. God made me strong and powerful for a reason. I would not allow them to break me.
I fell asleep holding him tightly, with his sweet breath falling upon my skin. 
I awoke the next morning with the bright Sun streaming through the window. The day already seemed too beautiful to be my darkest; today was the decisive moment. I was not going to change my mind; this was something I knew that I had to do, For Daniel, for his parents, and for myself. This was the first test of my true strength. If I could not sacrifice myself for the return of the original descendants, then how could I co-lead the Warriors? 
I instantly realized that Daniel was not lying beside me. I quickly dressed, not caring what I put on. I could feel Daniel, and knew that he would be sitting in the kitchen when I got there. I didn’t read his thoughts; I just followed his mind signal. It was kind of like a human GPS. 
Walking in the kitchen, I spotted him sitting at the bar talking to Kevin. Both looked up at me when I entered. 
“My love,” Daniel said with a sad smile on his face. Be strong, be strong, I kept chanting.
“Good Morning,” I said, heading straight to the coffee pot. I felt hands go around my waist as I poured the steaming liquid into my cup. I knew by the touch and the exotic smell, that it was Daniel. His lips softly brushed my neck. I closed my eyes thinking that it was truly the smallest gestures that held the most meaning.
“You can still change your mind,” he whispered into my ear. I didn’t open my mouth to respond, instead; I let my thoughts become clear. 
“You know I had to try, baby,” his thought floated back. 
We took a seat at the table while Kevin handed us both a plateful of scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast. As we ate, we went over the plan. Phil was to meet us at the Fort Lauderdale airport. He would bring Mary and Alvin with him, and of course; I would be there with Kevin. Both Kevin and I thought it would best if Daniel stayed behind, but being Daniel, he wouldn’t have any such thing. 
“If you come, you can’t start anything. You know I will be back and no matter what they do; they will never break me,” I said, looking sternly at him. I had to make him promise not to try to intervene. I did not want anything to happen to him or anyone else, for that matter. 
After we had finished eating, they started to load up Kevin’s black Lexus 470, and we soon headed out. We should be arriving in Fort Lauderdale sometime around six that afternoon. 
The ride was eventful to say the least. Tensions were on edge, and we all were irritable. I honestly didn’t think we would make it out of Atlanta, Georgia the way Kevin was driving. He wove in and out of the six-lane highway, with bumper-to-bumper traffic. I am sure every car horn honked at us, not to mention the sea of middle fingers we were getting. 
“Kevin, slow down… you can’t be driving like this. Why don’t you just zap us there and be done with this whole damn trip?” I asked angrily. I thought I was going to have a heart attack. I didn’t know how he was getting around all the cars in the first place.
“I have you know that I am a very skilled driver. No need to worry, Juliet, you are safe with me and I am not zapping us because you will appreciate what little time you have left with Casanova back there,” he stated calmly. 
“I love you,” Daniel chanted repeatedly in his mind... I leaned my head against his shoulder trying to make every minute last. I didn’t want to think about what was going to happen, so I focused on the feelings I had for Daniel. I must have fallen asleep, because sometime later Daniel woke me up.
“Let’s go eat, my love,” he said, gently shaking my shoulder. 
Wiping the sleep from my eyes, I looked around. “Where are we?” I asked. 
“We just crossed the Florida line, and I’m starving,” Kevin said walking toward the little diner in front of us. 
I ate as if it was my last meal, which probably was not far from the truth. I ordered everything from chicken & dumplings, to apple-pie Ala mode, not leaving a crumb untouched. After we were finished eating, I offered to drive the rest of the way. 
“There is no way I am letting anyone other than me drive my baby. Sorry, Juliet; you have Daniel and I have Lexie,” he said opening the door. 
I couldn’t help but laugh at his analysis, and the nickname, he had given to his car. He turned the radio up which ironically was blasting “Highway to Hell” as he erratically continued the drive.
Two hours later, Kevin announced that we had made it Fort Lauderdale. He drove a few more minutes before turning into a secluded lot.
 “I thought you and Daniel would like to have some alone time before we headed for the airport,” he said before climbing out. 
Daniel opened the door without even looking at me. I stayed where I was for a minute before following. Stepping out of the car my eyes landed on the beautiful ocean that stretched out in front of me. I noticed Daniel had already made his way down to the water’s edge. His back faced me as I made my way down the steps that led to the sand. I slid my shoes off and placed them to the side. The warm sand massaged my feet as I slowly walked to him.
I stopped directly behind him sliding my arms around his waist. I lay my head on his back and closed my eyes. I listened to the wonderful music of the waves crashing against the shore. I thought about how in just three short months this man had changed my life. It had only taken that long for my soul to attach to his, forever becoming one. My life had changed in ways that were still hard to believe. 
“How can I let you go down into the pits of hell, and do nothing, but watch you go?” He asked angrily. I felt the rush of anger pulsating from him.
 “You’re not letting me do anything, Daniel. You have to remember that this is my decision. This is our destiny. What kind of leader would I be, if I just let them hurt someone I can save? I don’t want to do this anymore than you want to let me go, but I know, deep down, in my heart that you couldn’t live with yourself if you chose me over your parents or vice versa.  I will come back to you,” I said.
He turned to face me as his hands came up to cradle my face. “I never knew that love could exist like this. You make me want to be the best I can be for you. I want to give you the world. I want to be able to protect you from all the evil things. You are a part of me now love and I can’t help the way I feel. I know why you are doing this, and I know you're right, but how can I live with myself knowing that I just let you walk into the hands of Satin?” 
I stared into his mesmerizing hazel eyes, as the little green flecks seemed to glow. My breath hitched as we gazed deeply at one another. There would never be anything in this lifetime that could keep me away from him. I would fight to my last breath to be in his arms again.
“I don’t have all the right answers to give to you. Only God knows why this must happen. I do know that we will be together again, this I can promise. I trust you and Kevin with my life; I know that you will find me. I can handle whatever they do to me. I’m not afraid of them.”
He didn’t respond with words, instead; he brushed his soft lips to mine. Ever so softly they glided together causing electricity to flow through. My hands tangled in his mess of hair, as we kissed with everything, we had. Our passionate embrace said more than any words ever could. 
“Alright, Casanova, it’s time to head out,” Kevin’s voice echoed in my ears.
We forced our mouths apart, but never let our eyes leave each other’s.
“We will meet you back at the car,” Daniel said, never letting his eyes leave mine. 
I heard Kevin walk off before Daniel’s mouth crushed into mine again. It was hunger, need, love; every emotion rolled into one, as we had our moment together. 
“I love you,” I whispered when we finally pulled apart. My arms tightly hugged his waist, as his did the same with mine. 
“I love you with everything in me. My heart is yours now, always, and forever,” he whispered. I swallowed my tears at his words, forcing the ache inside me away until I knew I would be alone. 
All three of us climbed back into the car without a word. We made our way to the airport in complete silence. 
Once we were there, Kevin drove around until he finally found a secluded parking spot. He pulled the car into park and quietly climbed out. I knew he was giving Daniel and me this one last time, to privately say our good-byes. 
I didn’t know the right words to say to ease his pain now that the time was here. So instead, I gently lay my hand on his cheek. My thumb swept across his luscious lips. He put his hand around my head and gently pulled my mouth to his; our goodbyes were said in one last passionate kiss. Our feelings betrayed us, as tears slid down both our cheeks. 
Pulling away, I opened the car door. I couldn’t trust myself to stay with him a moment longer. Afraid I would change my mind and not do what we had already agreed to do. I wanted nothing more than to stay with him, because it is where I most wanted to be.
 “I love you with my whole heart, Daniel,” I said, stepping out. 
I turned my head up to the sky saying a silent prayer.  The sunshine hit my skin, instantly warming my body. I knew deep within, that I would be back with Daniel. I just didn’t know how long it would take. 
“Are you going to be okay?” Kevin asked, as I made my way over to him. I wrapped my arms around my stomach and took a deep breath.
 “I’ll get through this, Kevin; I have to. It‘s Daniel whom I‘m worried about,” I said, as he put his arm around my shoulder and squeezed gently. 
“You know, Juliet; you are one brave leader. You are giving yourself over to the dark side knowing what they will do to you. Yet, you are not worried about yourself. You’re worried about Daniel. That is true leadership. I promise you that I will keep him safe and we will find you,” he said reassuring me. 
Suddenly, his arm fell from my shoulder as his body tensed beside me. I followed his look soon seeing Phil and five others approaching. Daniel was suddenly in front of me as I tried to make out the other people. 
Beside Phil stood a woman who looked like she had just walked off a runway. The wind was blowing her golden hair, as her long legs moved gracefully toward us. Her pale blue eyes pierced mine as she viciously smiled at me.
I looked beyond them barely able to make out the last four walking. Two big men held onto a man and a woman. The petite woman held her head up as she gazed our way. She looked to be in her mid-thirty’s, chocolate-brown hair with eyes that matched. Her square face reminded me of Daniel’s, as did her full lips. She didn’t look old enough to be his mother, but I could tell that, by the way, he was staring at her, she was.
Looking over at the man being dragged, I instantly knew he was Daniel’s father. They could have actually passed for brothers; they looked so much alike. Same golden-brown hair, squinting, I could make out the same hazel eyes and same muscular build. I had never seen a father and a son look so much alike before. I felt Daniel’s body go rigid at the sight of his parents. As Phil and the model approached, I pushed my way in front of him. I was worried about how he would react, and I didn’t want him to do something that would get him hurt. 
“Ah, how nice of you to deliver Morgan right to me like this,” Phil snarled as he came to a stop. He smiled showing his disgusting yellow teeth. I felt both Daniel and Kevin tense beside me at his words. 
“So this is what you left me for?” The woman asked, looking annoyed at Daniel. 
“What, you couldn’t find any spells to make me fall in love with you? I would watch what comes out of your mouth witch, before I make you regret it,” Daniel shot back. 
She hissed at him. I mean full out hissed. He laughed, which angered her even more. 
“I believe we had an agreement. Release them,” he shouted to the men. The men released their grips pushing the man and woman forward. Phil grabbed reached out and grabbed my arm pulling me to his side. Daniel started to react, but Kevin held him back. 
“Ready to go home, Morgan,” Phil remarked as he turned to walk away. I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of answering him. I allowed myself to turn around and look at Daniel one last time before I left. The image of him falling to his knees would forever be seared into my mind.
Phil escorted me to a black Escalade parked in the very back. Opening the door, he threw me in before he slammed the door behind me. He and Carmen climbed in the front while whispering to each other. I couldn’t hear what was being said, so I focused all my attention out the window. I figured I should try to see everything that we passed, knowing something might help Kevin and Daniel find where they were taking me.
Finally, after hours of driving Phil turned down an old dirt road. He drove for about a mile, before stopping the car. I looked around, but it was too dark for me to see anything, other than trees, many trees. Phil stepped out leaving Carmen and me behind in the car. 
“So how has my Daniel been?” She asked sarcastically. I really wasn’t in the mood to take anything from her. Since leaving, I could feel Daniel’s pain, my pain, maybe both of our pain and it was crushing my soul. 
“You’re Daniel? I don’t believe you’ve found a spell for that yet,” I shot back. She turned around in her seat, holding her hands up at me. “I bet you haven’t even experienced all of him, have you? Of course not; you're just so pure and all leading the great Warriors.” 
I didn’t even think about what I was doing until I grabbed her long hair and yanked as hard as I could. I managed to get her into the back seat as my fist pounded her face. She scratched my arms up and down, which made me even more furious. 
“Are you telling me that you’re a witch and all you can manage to do is scratch like a cat? I really expected more from you,” I said, between hits to her face. 
Suddenly, the door flew open, and I was flying through the dark night. I landed hard on my backside, jumping up, as soon as I hit. Phil was standing in front of me, his hands curling around my throat. I didn’t show any fear as I looked at his creepy face. 
“You will show some respect, little girl,” he snarled before letting his hands fall. He turned to Carmen and slapped her hard across the face. “I leave you alone with her for two minutes, and the first thing you do is start a fight with her.” 
She looked at him with a shocked expression; apparently, she wasn’t expecting what he had just done to her. Her hand was rubbing her red cheek. I smiled when my eyes took in the swelling and bruising that had already started to form.
“I… it… I didn’t start the fight; your Saint did,” she stuttered out. Phil didn’t get a chance to respond because there was a sudden noise toward the back of us. I looked around wondering if there was some wild animal about to attack, hoping it would go for Carmen first. I didn’t see anything; it was just too dark outside.
Morgan, are you okay?” I heard Daniel’s sexy, smooth voice chime in my head. “I’m fine,” I responded immediately. I shook my head and brought my attention back to the noise. I soon saw a figure emerge out of the darkness, walking toward us.
I cleared my mind bringing Kevin into focus. I wanted to make sure that he could see everything that I was seeing. Finally, when the figure was close enough that I could see it, I swallowed hard.
A gigantic man stopped just in front of Phil. I mean he had to be at least seven feet tall, if not taller and probably just as wide. His greasy black hair hung down his back, as did his nasty beard. 
“Edmund… just in time,” Phil said to the man. He then grabbed my arm and led me to where the man was standing; Carmen followed quietly behind us. I felt so small standing in front of this man who just looked down at us and smiled showing his mouth full of rotten teeth.
“Morgan, you need to keep your eyes open. Edmund is about to do a teleportation spell,” Kevin said urgently. 
“You know this man?” I let the question float through my mind. I took a deep breath to calm my nerves as I waited for Kevin to answer me. “I’ve had a few run-ins with him over the years. He is not quite as good as I am, but he might be the closet wizard who is. He will not hurt you, but you have to keep your eyes open. I need to see everything that you see.”
I didn’t know what a teleportation spell was, and I didn’t have time to ask him. Before I knew it, Edmund was waving his hands in front of him and the next thing I knew we were floating around. It felt like we were inside of a funnel cloud. Everything was blurry, and the wind was whipping around us. For a moment, I thought I was going to vomit I had become so dizzy. I kept my eyes open, though not able to see anything. Then, everything went black and it felt like I was free falling. Suddenly, I landed on my bottom followed by three louder thumbs; someone quickly pulled up and pushed forward. I tried to adjust my eyes, but it was completely dark. I stumbled more than once before I finally saw a dim light ahead of me. There was not much to see going down the narrow passage. The walls were rock, and the ground was dirt. I couldn’t see much more than that. 
We walked until I thought my legs were going to fall off; every muscle in my body was burning. Phil was pretty much supporting me at this point. After going around a corner, we came to a wide-open space. I gasped when I realized it was the same space from my dream. I could see the rusted pipes overhead, stairs, and tunnels leading in every direction. There were people pushing wheelbarrows filled full of stuff. Some looked to be working, and some were just standing around staring at us. I had the overwhelming feeling of evil as I entered. I had entered the pits of hell with demons all around me. 
“Stay strong, Juliet, they can sense fear; it is what they feed off of. You can get through this,” Kevin said, trying to soothe me. I knew he was right, and I tried to calm myself. I wouldn’t let them have the satisfaction of knowing they were scaring the daylights out of me. 
Phil walked me over to a dark corner before stopping. He held up a tiny, lighter and struck it. The flames licked up as he held it to the wall. Suddenly, a tiny fire lit up the darkened corner. A lantern hung on the wall as the fire roared.
I saw a figure emerge and walk towards me. The sudden feeling of Déjà vu overtook me. I had seen this man before in the exact same place. The only difference was that he had his hair cut shorter now. Everything else was the same, down to the clothes he was wearing. 
“Hello, Morgan, I‘ve been waiting a very long time to meet you,” the man said. His voice was a mixture of rough and mysterious. This man had been choking me in my dream. I didn’t say anything as his pale blue eyes looked me up and down. 
“It is a pleasure to meet you. I’m Luke,” he said, extending his hand. I just looked at him as if he was insane and Phil slapped the back of my head. 
“Show some respect, little girl,” he scolded me. I still didn’t move my hand and held my ground. 
The man, Luke, just started laughing. “You’re a tough little thing aren’t you? That’s okay, you will have plenty of time to learn your manners,” he said before walking away. 
Once he had disappeared, Phil grabbed my arm and yanked me to him. “That is your master now; you will learn to respect him,” he said forcefully pulling me alongside him. I struggled to keep up with him as he led me down narrower passageways. There was no sign of people, the closest I came to seeing something was the nasty mice that we passed by. 
After turning down yet another narrow hall, I noticed it was nothing but rolls of cells. The complete left wall held about four makeshift cells that I could tell; I looked into each one as we passed, all were empty. We came to a stop at the end of the last cell. He opened the creaky door with the flick of his hand and threw me inside. 
I looked around the cell, which was about the size of a small bathroom. The block walls were painted black, the floors nothing but dirt. The only thing located in the small space was a black toilet in the corner. I pressed my back against the cold block walls as I closed my eyes. I knew I was alone so I let the tears slid down my face. 
I found Daniel’s connection, which was easy because it radiated nothing but love. I didn’t want to cut him off, but I also didn’t want him to be able to know what I was feeling. I slid down the wall feeling the coldness on my back and took a seat on the hard dirt floor. Pulling my knees to my chest, I lay my head on them. I felt so alone. My soul was lost, and the physical pain that it left behind was overwhelming. 
I do not know how long I let myself cry, but it was long enough that I could no longer feel my backside. I wiped the wetness from my face and slowly stood up. I stretched my legs and arms before walking over to the rusty cell bars. I placed my hands on the cold steel and peered out. I couldn’t see much of anything with the one lantern hanging at the front entrance. I gave up trying and paced around the small room. I had nothing to do, but wait… for what I didn’t know.
Chapter Six
I heard the squeaky doors open, followed by a loud thump. I opened my eyes to see Edmund closing the door before walking away. I rubbed the sleepiness from them as I focused on a metal tray that had landed beside me. It held an apple, a huge roll, and a bottle of water. It must be feeding time. I thought to myself before picking up the water. 
I inhaled the apple and roll in record time. Feeling a little better, I decided to lie back down. The only position I could get half way comfortable was on my back. I closed my eyes as visions of Daniel floated into my mind. I opened our connection back up and felt his mind tug at mine.
 “Morgan, why would you shut me out? I have been so worried about you, if it hadn’t been for Kevin reassuring me that you were okay… I don’t know what I would have done,” he frantically said. I scolded myself for shutting him out, but I didn’t want him to see me so emotional. I did my best to keep that part away from him.
“I just didn’t want you to see my breakdown,” I said, honestly. I could sense his frustration at my actions. “You’re not the only one that has broken down, love. You would know that if you had not shut me off. Please don’t do it again, no matter what you don’t want me to see,” he begged. I knew this was just the beginning of what was to come. I didn’t think I could promise him that I wouldn’t do it again. 
“How are your parents?” I asked instead. The sound of his voice instantly perked up. “They are both doing well. They are resting right now, but they are doing better than expected.” I was glad to hear that they would be okay.
“That’s really great, Daniel. I am so glad that they are doing good,” I happily said.  “Kevin needs me for some research, so I am going to let you rest now. I love you. We are doing all we can, just hang in there,” he said lovingly. “Hum, I love you too,” I said, before I felt our connection fade. 
I heard footsteps approaching making my body stiffened. The cell doors opened, and I heard someone walk in and stop. I opened my eyes and seen Edmund towering over me. He didn’t speak a word, just motioned for me to stand up. I huffed out a breath and stood. He took hold of my arm and led me out of the cell, and down the hall where he came to a stop. He tapped the wall and the doors slide open. 
“Come in, Morgan,” Luke said standing in the middle of an open room. Edmund nudged me forward, and I made my way to where he stood. I noticed about ten more people standing by the walls. Of course, Phil, Carmen, and Addie were huddled in their own little group. The rest I didn’t know, but they stared at me with pure hatred on their faces.
I stopped just in front of Luke as he smiled at me. Taking in his features, I realized that he was actually more attractive than I had thought. He was somewhat mesmerizing. 
“You have a very important decision to make, Morgan. One that is vital to your existence. I am asking you to join forces with me, to stand by my side in my kingdom. You can be my queen, and together we can rule. I will give you everything thing that you have ever desired, but you will rule with me and no one else,” he paused. 
I stared at him dumbfounded. Did he really think that I would just give up my life to join him in hell? 
“I can see you are thinking about what I just told you. If you decide to join me, then you will no longer be living by God’s minuscule rules. You will be free to do whatever you want; live however you want. However, if your choice to not stand with me in my kingdom, then I have no other option, but to…. kill you,” he slowly said. 
I heard both Kevin and Daniel in my head at the same time. “Don’t listen to him, we will find you before anything happens.” 
Was he serious? He really wanted me to disobey God and my destiny to stand with him.
“I‘m sorry, but there is no way that I would ever join your side; I will never stand beside you in your so-called kingdom,” I said, smiling brightly. I saw the fire in his eyes as he looked at me, his hand came up and slammed hard into my face. I stumbled back as my hand instantly went to my eye. I could already feel it start to swell.
“You will stand beside me, or you will die. The choice, my dear Morgan, is yours but makes it wisely. If you think that your precious Daniel is going to wait for you, you are wrong. You’re just another notch in his belt like every other girl who thought that they could settle him down. Why don’t you just ask Carmen? She’ll be the first to tell you,” he said turning toward her. 
Chills ran up and down my arms at his words. “Don’t believe a word that comes out of his mouth. They are all great deceivers Morgan, you know Daniel’s true feelings,” Kevin said urgently. I held on to his words tightly and thought about Daniel. I knew his heart and soul better than I knew my own. I knew that the feelings he held for me were more than I had ever known.
“So you’re telling me to ask a witch, who set her sights on Daniel, and discovered the only way she could ever get him to sleep with her, was to cast a spell on him? Yeah I’m going to listen to what she has to say.”
He motioned his hand for Carmen to come over. She glided to his side without saying a word. She looked over at me and smiled wickedly.
 “I beg you to reconsider,” Luke said, looking sternly at me. I stared back into his eyes without even blinking. “Like I said before, my choice has been made. There is nothing that you can do to change my mind.” 
He nodded his hand at me before turning to look back at Carmen. She flicked her finger in front of her, making a fire pit suddenly appear. The flames licked high as I felt the heat coming off it.
“Do you really think I can’t break you? I will have you standing by my side, and it will be your choice,” he said as Carmen handed him a long steel rod with a flat bottom. He slowly held the flat part inside the flames as he smiled down at me. I could see the glint in his eyes. I closed off Daniel’s connection not wanting him to see what was about to come.
 I left Kevin’s connection open knowing he needed to see all he could. He didn’t say anything to me, and I preferred it that way. I didn’t need him to tell me that everything was going to be okay. 
After about five minutes, he pulled the rod out of the fire. The flat part was glowing red as he turned to me and full-out-smiled. My stomach churned as I broke out in a cold sweat. I thought my knees were going to buckle, but I forced them in place. 
Phil walked over to me taking my arms, and pulling them behind my back. Carmen then made her way over to my side and lifted up my shirt. I tried to free my hands, but Phil’s grip was too tight. I kicked my shaky legs, but I just was not strong enough.
“Are you sure you want this to happen? We can avoid this if you just agree to join me. I promise it won’t be as painful as this is going to be.” I looked at the scorching hot rod trying to prepare myself for what he was about to do. 
“There is nothing that you can do to me that would be as bad as standing by your side in hell,” I retorted. He smiled the most evil smile I had ever seen before he slammed the blazing hot metal into my stomach. My knees buckled on me, and Phil let me fall to the ground. My skin sizzled as the rancid smell of burnt skin filled my nostrils. I screamed on the inside, but bit my tongue so I wouldn’t let it escape my mouth. The vomit came before I could stop it. I was on my hands and knees wiping my mouth as I felt the blazing metal slam into my back. My head fell down as the tears spilled over. I held myself up not wanting to fall face first in my own vomit. 
I was sweating profusely as I took deep breaths trying to ease the pain. I could hear the laughter behind me. I wouldn’t give them the pleasure of seeing me in such pain. I swallowed the tears back and closed my eyes.
Phil yanked me up and roughly grabbed my arm. He walked out of the open space with me in tow. 
Opening the creaky cell door, he tossed me inside before closing it back. I crawled into the dark corner and lowered my head as I started bawling. My skin felt like it was going to fall off my body. 
I searched for Daniel’s connection, finally finding it. I hoped I had blocked him out from seeing what they did. It was hard to be sure. I felt the wall go up, and I couldn’t sense him anymore. 
Morgan, are you ok?” I heard him ask. I let out a deep breath and focused on the sweet sound of his voice. “I’ll be okay now,” I slowly said. 
“What did they do to you?” He asked.
“I won’t go into what they did, but hearing your voice is taking the pain away. I love you,” I said, through my tears. The pain was slowly starting to fade, or maybe my skin was becoming numb; it was hard to be sure. I rolled my shirt up not wanting it to touch the fresh burns. I scooted my back against the wall letting its coldness numb the burn on my back. 
“I love you with all my heart, Morgan. I am so sorry you have to go through this. Thank you for what you did; for saving my parents.” 
I was glad that he had his family back. I knew that meant so much to him. I would have done anything to have my family back with me.  
~*~*~*~*~*~*~

I must have fallen asleep, because Edmund woke me up when he dropped the metal tray right in front of me. I grimaced at the pain in my stomach and back. I raised my shirt to inspect the burn. A huge blister had formed where the flat part had hit, leaving the skin underneath white. It was disgusting to look at, and I wondered if pouring water on it would help in any way. 
“Don’t do that, it will only make it worse. There’s nothing you can do, just let it heal,” Kevin’s voice warned me.
I looked at the food sitting in front of me and grabbed the big roll. I was famished. After eating the roll and apple, I lay down. I lay on my side not wanting the burn on my back to touch anything.
I wondered how long this was going to last. My thoughts became bleak as the hours passed undisturbed. The only person I had seen was Edmund, who brought my food three times a day. He never spoke a word to me; he would just drop the tray and leave. I talked to Daniel and Kevin less and less as they tried to find my location. 
“Morgan, get up,” Luke said kicking me in the leg. I opened my eyes to see him standing in front of me.
 “What the hell do you want?” I asked angrily. I didn’t care anymore. His blue eyes pierced mine as cold chills down my arms. My body protested when I started to get up, and I had to put my hand on the wall for support. 
“What can I do for you now, got anything you can jab me with,” I said sarcastically. I let go of the wall as my body protested its weight. I would not show him any weakness, so I stood tall. 
“You know it really doesn’t have to be this way. You are bringing this all on yourself. All you have to do is join me, and this will all be over,” he said enthusiastically, as he inched his way to me. I backed up closer to the wall, careful not to touch it. He put both hands on either side of my head. 
“I would rather rot in this filthy cell than ever stand beside you. You make me sick,” I said. 
His hand left the wall and grabbed my throat. His fingers wrapped tightly around, as I struggled to breath.
 “I will not give you a choice much longer. You are in my kingdom now, bitch, and I will have you, one way or the other.” 
His fingers tightened around my throat, completely cutting off my oxygen. I clawed at his arms in hopes that he would let go. I heard Daniel screaming for me to do something or Kevin; I don’t really know. I couldn‘t do anything as I felt the life slipping away from me.
“Remember one thing; I can take your life whenever I want to,” he said before letting me go. I fell to the floor gasping for air; my hands automatically went to my throat. My wall had crumpled, and all my fears escaped. My tears fell like rain, as I curled up into a small ball on the hard dirt floor.
I cried for what felt like days, maybe it was. I couldn’t be sure of the time anymore. 
I didn’t know how long I had laid there. My teeth chattered from the cold, and my body ached. I shut down both Kevin and Daniel’s connections. I was slowly falling into darkness; it is amazing how fast you can go from the happiest time in your life to your darkest. 
I thought about my parents and my brother and I thought about how Addie had betrayed me, but I thought about Daniel, mostly and what little time we had together. I let the anger build up until I felt my body heat. I held my palms toward the rusty cell bars as I pushed the anger out. Electricity shot out of my hands hitting the bars with enough force to make them bend. I waited for a minute to make sure no one was coming before I walked over to the bars.  They were bent just enough that I could fit through them. 
Once I had made it to the other side, I took off in a dead run. I ran with all I had left in me, looking around every corner for a way out. I turned to my right and crept down the narrow hall. I felt the wall for any trace of a door, but there was nothing. I stopped while I looked around, trying to remember the way they had brought me.
It all looked the same, nothing, but block walls and dirt floors. The lanterns were barely lit up, and I could hardly tell what anything was. Sweat dripped down my forehead and into my eyes. I turned around and headed back the way I had come. I went the other way this time. It led me into the open space I had encountered my first day. I plastered myself against the wall looking around. I didn’t see anyone this time. It looked like they had rushed to do something, leaving their work unattended. Wheelbarrows filled full of stuff, sat in the middle of the space, and the lanterns were in full flame. 
I slowly crept along the wall looking for an exit. The coolness of the block cooled my scorching body. My heart felt like it was going to jump out of my chest. I decided to make a run for the back, in hopes, there would be something there. My feet pounded the dirt as I ran with all my might.
I didn’t even hear anyone behind me until it was too late. Before I knew what was going on, I was flying into the air, landing hard into the back wall. The impact knocked the wind out of me. 
“Did you really think you could just escape without us knowing,” Carmen’s sultry voice asked. With a sudden burst of hatred for this witch, I jumped up and planted my feet. I chuckled when my eyes landed on her. She was dressed like a hooker; ready for work. A black leather mini skirt showed off her long sun-kissed legs, while a black leather vest barely covered her massive breasts. 
“Are you serious? What, are you trying to find a paying customer in the pits of hell?” I asked with laughter in my voice.
She cackled loudly as she looked at me. “Hum, it’s funny that this was Daniel’s favorite outfit. I loved the way his hands felt on my body as he took it off,” she said with a glint in her eyes.
I didn’t take time to think about my actions; I was lunging at her before I could control myself. I grabbed her by the arm and slung her into the wall. She was up in a flash headed towards me. I jumped in the air as her hand reached out, barely missing my arm. I landed gently on the ground right behind her. I saw my opportunity. I pounced on her back as hard as I could, and threw my arm around her neck. My forearm was around her throat as my other arm held on and applied pressure. She was clawing both my arms as she tried to throw me off. 
“What’s the matter witch? You scratch like a bitch,” I said as my grip tightened. She was drawing my blood with her long nails; I could feel it dripping from my arm. Finally, she quiet fighting as her body went limp before me. I held on for another minute before I let her fall to the floor. 
I heard clapping and slowly turned around to see Luke standing behind me. He smiled widely at me showing his insanely white teeth. 
“Very impressive, Morgan, I didn’t know you had that in you.” I looked at Carmen, who still lay motionless on the dirt ground and smiled. Turning to Luke, I felt a new-found strength.
 “It’s not that hard to take out a hooker,” I said, with a half smile. He moved closer to me, and I looked at him as if it was the first time. Something was happening to me, I couldn’t explain the feelings I was having. It was as if the blood in my veins had suddenly cooled, and ice formed around my heart. I couldn’t feel the warmth that had always been inside of me any longer. I rubbed my arms with my hands as I tried to fight the coldness. 
“I knew you would come around. You’re perfect,” he whispered once he reached me. I tried to find Kevin and Daniel’s connection, but there was nothing there. I was slipping over to the dark side, and I couldn’t stop myself; it was out of my control. I tried to find the love that I held for Daniel to stop this madness, but it was like it had never been there. I couldn’t feel anything. I had become completely numb.
Luke looked into my eyes as his hand came to rest on my cheek. I didn’t push him away, or even try. His touch was like ice, and I relished in it. 
“You're mine now, princess,” he said as he pressed his mouth to mine. I didn’t feel tingles, or electricity like I always had with Daniel. It was different. It felt wild and needy. I moved my lips with his as my arms wrapped around his waist. There was no more fight left in me, and this felt good, different, but good. It was like I let my hair down and went against what I knew was right. Maybe I really wasn’t as strong as I had believed. 
He pulled away from me and smiled; an evil wicked kind of smile. He took my hand without saying a word and started to walk. He led me through a maze of halls before coming to a stop in front of a wide wall. He held his hand up and pressed it hard into the blocks. The wall started to slide, allowing us to enter. 
“Welcome home,” he said holding his arm in front of him. I looked around in wonder as I took in the sight in front of me. It was nothing like what I had seen before. Plush carpet laid on the floor and the walls a vivid red, which immediately caught my attention. A huge bed set in the far corner of the wide room. 
“Would you like to take a shower?” He asked, looking at me amused. My mouth opened, but nothing came out. He led me to the back of his room and opened another door. My eyes lit up when I spotted the shower. I didn’t know how long it had been, but it had been way too long. He walked over and turned the water on. He pulled a towel and washcloth out of the small white cabinet and handed them to me. 
“I will have you some fresh clothes by the time you’re done,” he said before shutting the door. 
I undressed and stepped into the hot water; it felt amazing. I let the water wash over my aching body. My mind was cloudy, and I couldn’t figure out what was going on. It was like all my feelings from before had washed away. I tried to find Daniel’s connection. I desperately needed to feel him right now, but again, there was nothing. I threw the wall in my mind back up, blocking the connection. I started to feel like someone else. I couldn’t explain what was happening to me. Was I really going to the dark side?
Stepping out of the shower, I wrapped the towel tightly around myself as I walked over to the sink. I wiped the steam off the mirror with my hand and stared at the reflection. I looked just as hollow on the outside as I felt on the inside.
“Are you done yet,” Luke asked through the bathroom door. I swallowed the hard lump in my throat before I opened the door. He was sitting on the bed holding a pile of clothes. I walked over to him as he reached them out to me. I turned around and began to get dressed. Judging by the short denim skirt and black tank top, I figured he had raided hooker’s clothes. I didn’t care at that point what I put on, anything would be better than what I had been wearing. “Thanks,” I said softly. 
“You’re welcome… are you hungry?” 
“Why are you being so nice to me?” I asked curiously. A slow smile spread across his face as he intently looked at me. “You have joined with me, and now you will stand beside me as ruler. You are my queen and I will treat you like that, unless you try to cross me and then things could get very ugly.” 
I had seen the fire burning in his eyes and knew that he was very serious. He reached out his hand and I took it. I felt like I was holding on to a block of ice as he laced his fingers with mine. He led me out of the room into the cold darkness. 
“Can you see?” I asked as my eyes tried to adjust.
 “You are safe with me; I just don’t trust you to see how to get to the places I am taking you.”
He walked for a while before coming to a stop. I heard the sound of a door opening, and he led me inside. As soon as I heard the door close, the room was illuminated with light. I was standing in what looked to be a cafeteria with people eating at the small tables around the room. They all looked up from their plates and gawked at me. 
It didn’t faze Luke as he led me to the bar. He grabbed two trays and handed me one. I placed mine on the bars sliding it down as I went. The men serving the food all bowed at Luke when he approached. They filled our plates full of fried chicken, mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and a huge biscuit. My mouth watered at the aroma, and I couldn’t sit down fast enough. 
We sat at the corner table, and I immediately inhaled my food. Every bit of it was delicious. I was finished with mine before Luke had even put a dent in his. He looked up at me and laughed. 
“Hungry were we?” He asked with humor in his voice. For the first time, I noticed how attractive he really was. His silky black hair was shaggy on top, and his square jaw held a five o’clock shadow that gave him that rustic look. His pale blue eyes were piercing as he stared at me. 
“Sorry, it’s kind of been a while since I had a decent meal,” I said as my cheeks burned. He just shook his head at me and finished eating.
Once he was done, we headed out the way we came. Inside of Luke’s bedroom, I lay on the ultra soft bed. My body still ached from the hard ground that I had slept on for I don’t know how long. I felt Luke lay beside me, but I didn’t open my eyes. I was still so lost, and I was searching to find some sort of feeling. It was useless. Something was wrong with me. My heart was ice cold, and void of the emotion that it had held onto for so long. I couldn’t feel anything for Daniel; it was like a blank hole where my love for him had once been.
“I know that this is different for you, Morgan, but I will give you everything that you want, as long as you are standing by my side. If you betray me… I won’t hesitate to kill you.”
I opened my eyes as I turned to look at him. I took a deep breath and exhaled. “I have no intentions of betraying you. I’m here now, isn’t that what you wanted?” I asked. 
He placed his hand on my stomach and started rubbing. His hand stopped over the scar that he had created. 
“I have wanted you for a long time. It is hard to believe that you are finally mine. I am very sorry about this, by the way, but you were being quite stubborn.” 
“Yeah, well, that’s just who I am,” I said, closing my eyes as he continued to rub his hands over my stomach. He climbed out of bed and took his shirt off before tossing it to me. 
“You can sleep in this, tonight. We’ll have to get you all that you need, but that will do for now,” he said stepping out of his pants. I couldn’t take my eyes of his rock-hard body. With his back to me, he stood in only his boxer briefs, reading something, but I couldn’t tell what it was. While his back was to me, I slid out of bed and hurriedly took off my tank top and skirt. I put on his shirt, instantly smelling his scent. It was wild, exotic, and mysterious, just like he tasted. 
I lifted up the black silky blanket and crawled into bed. Luke had sat down at the desk as he continued to read. I stretched my body out, enjoying the softness all around me. I didn’t even think about being in Luke’s bed, or being alone with him. The thought actually excited me more than I ever expected. 
Closing my eyes, I thought about when my feelings had changed. It was just after I had taken Carmen down, that I felt my heart ice over. I wondered if it was because of my hatred towards her. I literally felt the warmth leave my body as soon as Luke and I kissed. I tried with everything in me to feel the love that I had for Daniel, but there was nothing there. It was just an empty space, where it was once overflowing. Perhaps he had already given up on me and taken his love with him. Maybe that was why I couldn’t feel, or find our connection anymore. 
I felt Luke climb into bed and scoot closer to me. I turned on my side, facing him. He must have turned the lanterns off, because it was pitch black now. His arm went across my waist pulling me closer to him. His strong arms held me to his hard body as his mouth touched mine. He was gentler than I thought he could be. His tongue slid into my mouth, bringing his mysterious taste with him. My arm slid around his side, as my hands stroked his muscular back. His mouth left mine and found my neck. His tongue traced invisible circles as I pulled him closer. My leg went between his, as I basked in his attention. My hands tangled in his hair as I pulled his mouth back to mine. My tongue traced the outline of his lips, and he moaned softly. 
“You taste so good,” he murmured. I pulled away from him to catch my breath. 
“I’m sorry. I just can’t go further with you right now,” I whispered. I feared he would get angry and hurt me, but my head was screaming to stop. His grip tightened around me. 
“I’ve waited this long to have you with me, Morgan; I can wait longer to have all of you,” he simply said. 
We lay cuddled together as I fell into a dreamless oblivion.

~*~*~*~*~*~

The next few weeks were hectic. Luke took me everywhere he went; He was too afraid to leave me. Carmen had gone on a rampage when she found out that I was with Luke. She tried to get to me more than once, before Luke decided to take me with him while he conducted his business. He had provided me with everything I needed the day after I had joined him. Clothes, shoes, makeup, literally everything I wanted or needed. He never hurt me; surprisingly, he was always kind… but only to me. 
Chapter Seven
One day Edmund had teleported Luke and me to his warehouse in New York. Apparently, some of Luke’s workers were laundering money from him, and he was pissed. I had no other choice, but to accompany him. I tried to protest, promising him I would stay locked in his room, but he would not hear of it. 

 Luke, Edmund, and I stood in front of about thirty people in the open warehouse.
“It has been brought to my attention that someone in this room has been stealing what is rightfully mine. Have you forgotten who I am? I have given you all that you have today. I have given you the freedom to do as you please in this forsaken world, and this is how you show me your gratitude,” he angrily said. 
Everyone stood there looking at one another. I noticed a young girl held her head down not looking at anyone else. She had her vivid red hair cut into a shaggy bob, and her big brown eyes looked guilty of something. She looked to be a few years older than I was, maybe twenty-two, by my guess. She wore a loose black dress on her thin frame and played with her hands nervously.
“Step forward, Courtney,” Luke ordered. I moved to his side as the girl slowly made it to the front of the crowd. I looked around seeing nothing in the big space, except the people staring at Luke. 
“You have been holding back on me, Courtney... Did you think you could take from me and get away with it?” He asked sternly. I looked at his face and could see the fire burning deep in his eyes. This was the look that I feared most.
“I… uh… I didn’t think it would be a big deal. I mean you have so much. I didn‘t think that you would miss what I took,” she stuttered out. She looked up at him briefly before her gaze fell on me. 
“Look at me, now,” he screamed out, making me jump at his side. I hadn’t seen him this angry since the day he nearly choked me to death. Since I had been by his side, he had been nothing like this. 
The girl looked up at me again, and I could see the sweat running down her forehead. “I’m sorry, master, please forgive me,” she barely whispered out.
Luke smiled brightly at her with humor in his eyes. “You’re asking me to forgive you? I am so very sorry, but I do not work that way, Courtney. You should already know this about me. I am who I am, and you knew this when you decided to join my side. I do not give second chances once you disobey me,” he said. 
Edmund then moved from behind us and walked to the girl. Without a word, he placed his big hand around her tiny arm and pulled her to Luke. They stood there looking at each other for a brief minute before Luke nodded his head at Edmund.
“I suggest you pay close attention to what happens when you cross me. Do not ask me for forgiveness, for I will not give it,” Luke sternly advised. Fear tickled the back of my throat not knowing what was going to happen to the girl.
“What are you going to do to her?” I whispered. He turned his head and looked at me, sending chills down my spine.
 “I am going to kill her,” he said coldly. I looked at him as if he was insane. My stomach started churning at the thought of him taking the life of this young girl.
“Luke, please don’t kill her. There has to be another way to discipline her without taking her life,” I begged. He looked at me seriously for a minute, before turning to the people who stood anxiously waiting. 
“My girl has asked me not to kill Courtney,” he paused and looked at me. The girl looked up at me, her eyes holding a tiny spark of hope. 
“I will not give her what she asks; this is how I rule and everyone who has joined me knows this. My girl is new to my side; I think she needs to see what happens to those who choose to cross me.” He gave Edmund a quick nod before stepping back. 
Edmund held his hands on either side of the girl’s small face and twisted. She screamed loudly before her lifeless body fell to the ground. I couldn’t hold the vomit that rose up when I had seen the horrified look that was still on her face. I bent over and vomited viciously. I broke out in a cold sweat as I wiped my mouth. 
“Do not ever cross me, or this will happen to you. I will not think twice about it,” Luke shouted before grabbing my arm and walking over to Edmund. We were back in his bedroom in a flash as I struggled to catch my breath. I couldn’t believe what I had just witnessed. Luke stood there staring at me as I paced back and forth. 
“Why did you have to do that? I don’t understand why you couldn’t just give her another chance,” I said as the tears rolled down my face. It was the first time I had cried since joining him, and I couldn’t stop them from falling now. I had just seen a young girl murdered, and the orders came from the man who I was giving my heart too. What kind of person did this make me?
“If I gave out second chances to everyone who deceived me, then everyone would take advantage. Sorry you had to see that, but that is just who I am. She was just as evil as I am, and she would have continued to take from me,” he tried to explain.
I sat on the bed sobbing like a baby. He sat down beside me and put his arm around my shoulder. 
“Please don’t cry, Morgan, you will get used to what has to be done over time.” I knocked his arm off me before standing. 
“Get used to it? How do you get used to murdering someone or helplessly watching as someone is being murdered?” I asked loudly. I was standing in front of him now, staring straight into his eyes.
He grabbed my wrist as he slowly stood up. He was inches from my face, and his ice-blue eyes were blazing. 
“I am fucking evil, Morgan. Don’t act like you didn’t know this about me,” he said looking intensely at me. I tried to free my wrist, but his grip tightened. 
“Do I scare you?” He asked pulling me into him. He freed my wrist, and his arms went around my waist. 
“Yes… you scare me,” I whispered, looking away from him. He scared me more than anyone ever had, but I still found myself attracted to him. I couldn’t explain the sudden change in my feelings, which was odd. It was like one minute my heart was Daniel’s, and the next he wasn’t even in it. Now, I held feelings for Luke, feelings that I myself couldn’t figure out.
“I will never hurt you, Morgan, as long as you are with me. You are my only weakness in this world. I do actually care for you,” he whispered in my ear. My body relaxed at his words. His thumb tilted my head up as he gazed at me with blazing eyes. He was scary, attractive, and mysterious, all in one. I knew what he could, and would do to me if I disobeyed him, but I didn’t care. I wanted him.
“I can’t help how I feel, Luke. Seeing what you did today was brutal, but I choose to stand by you, even though you scare the shit out of me,” I said honestly.
 He brushed his fingers across my face, down my cheek, and over my lips causing my stomach to knot. He licked his lips before bringing them down on mine. My arms held him tightly at the waist as he held my face in his hands. 
It was hard for me to think of him as evil when it was only us together. 
My hands went to the bottom of his shirt tugging it off and tossing it to the floor. My fingertips roamed his bare chest as I looked up at him. My heart started to beat rapidly when he lifted my shirt over my head. He let it drop to the floor as he placed one hand on the small of my back and the other on my neck. My body was trembling at his icy touch. 
“I want you,” he murmured as he lifted me with ease, and carried me to the bed. He lay me down gently and pressed his hard body into mine. My hands tangled in his hair, as his mouth went to my neck. His hands were behind my back, and before I knew it, he pulled my bra off and dropped it beside us. His mouth slowly glided down my chest creating butterflies in my stomach.
I pulled his hair, bringing his mouth back to mine. My legs wrapped around his waist, and I instantly felt his hardness pressing into my stomach. His hands linked with mine as new sensations started to take over my body. 
Finally, after taking my breath away, he rose up on his knees. He just stared at me before his hands found the button on my jeans. He slid my legs out of each leg slowly, while staring intently at me. Once my legs were free, I held them together while he discarded my pants. Bringing his attention back to me, he smiled. 
“No need to be shy with me,” he said spreading my legs apart. I had never been this intimate with anyone. Daniel and I had never even made it this far. I felt something tug at my heart at the mention of Daniel’s name. 
“I… uh… I don’t think that I can do this,” I stammered out. Heat quickly rose in my cheeks when I realized how exposed I was to him. 
“You can’t do what, Morgan? You can’t be with me?” He asked with sadness in his voice. I huffed out a frustrated breath not understanding this man. I knew he was evil. I had seen him in action many times, but this side of him made me want to be with him. To me, he was different, soft, tender, and undeniably confusing.
“I don’t know, Luke. I have never been this far with anyone, especially someone as confusing as you are. You scare me, excite me, and mesmerize me all at once. How do you expect me to feel?” I asked, hoping he would not get angry at my honesty. 
He blew out his breath and looked at me with his piercing blue eyes. “I am who I am, and I can’t change that, but you bring something else out in me. I can’t put my finger on what it is just yet. I don’t want to hurt you anymore than I have already. You are the only person in this world that has ever meant something to me. I don’t expect you to believe that I’m actually capable of caring for someone other than myself; but I do. Before you came to my side, I didn’t think it was possible to have such feelings,” he said, looking away. I couldn’t deny my feelings for him, but I had no clue what to do. 
He bent down letting his lips brush across my cheek before rolling off me. “Come here,” he said pulling me closer to him. 
His arms came around me tenderly as he pulled me to his side. I took a deep breath, smelling his exotic smell. I couldn‘t deny my feelings for him, but at the same time I felt like I was being pulled in two different directions. I didn’t want to be with him while he was this evil monster, but I wanted to be with the tender man who was holding me in his arms right now.
“I can wait until you are ready to be with me fully,” he whispered. 
I closed my eyes in frustration. I couldn’t understand how I could even like this man knowing who he was, but the thing was I did. He was different with me, and I wondered if he really meant what he had said.
“I really do like you, Luke; it’s different.  I can’t explain my feelings. It’s like one minute you scare me and the next I just want to be in your arms.”
A slow smile spread across his face. He really was mesmerizing. “I want to scare everyone, but you Morgan. I know what you are feeling, and I wish I could change who I am for you, but I just can’t. This is my life, and this is what I do.” 
I snuggled closer to him pulling the soft blanket over us. I knew that tonight I wouldn’t be able to give myself fully to him, but I did respect the fact that he told me the truth. 
“Luke, please understand that this is all new to me. Thank you for being honest, even though you didn’t have to. Thank you for understanding that I’m just not quite ready to go that far with you,” I whispered. 
“The life I lead is not for that faint of hearts. I have to do things that you will not like almost daily. You are my queen and I expect you to always stand beside me,” he said, scooting closer to me. I just nodded my head; I was too tired to talk anymore. I closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep in Luke’s strong arms.
“Morgan… Morgan, wake up,” Luke said hurriedly. I opened one eye and looked around. I spotted him standing in front of the bed as the water dripped off him. I licked my suddenly dry lips and fully opened my eyes.
 “I could defiantly rethink my earlier decision,” I said, sitting up in the bed. I took in his muscled body, while the droplets of water dripped off. He tossed his towel at me and chuckled. 
“Don’t tempt me,” he said pulling his shirt over his head. He pointed to the table by the bed and smiled. I looked to over to find a fresh cup of coffee waiting for me. I pulled the blanket back and stood up. I instantly felt cold hands go around my waist and rub my bare stomach. My face heated as I realized I was naked, all but my panties.
“You are gorgeous,” he whispered while he playfully kissed my ear. I giggled from the tickle he created, and he held me tightly against him. 
“The same could be said about you. So, why are we in such a hurry anyway?” I asked him. He kissed my neck and reluctantly pulled away. 
“It seems Carmen has demanded a meeting with us. She said it was urgent; otherwise, I would have put her off. Who knows what‘s going on in her head,” he said buttoning his jeans. 
“Can I have a few minutes to get dressed?” I asked walking over to him. I put my arms around his bare waist. Standing on my tiptoes; I brushed my lips to his before letting my tongue trace their outline. 
“Take as long as you need, I may need a minute myself to calm down,” he said heavily. 
I gathered my clothes and headed into the bathroom. Looking in the mirror, I decided to add a little makeup, just a touch of eye shadow, blush, mascara, and a little lip-gloss. I added some gel to my hair, bringing out the waves. I slid on my one shoulder black sundress, smoothing the wrinkles with my hand. I inspected myself in the mirror before walking out the door. 
Luke was sitting in the corner chair focused intensely on some papers he was holding. “Are you ready?” I asked walking over to him. He glanced at me and then stood up. He placed his hand on my neck as his eyes glazed over. 
“You look really beautiful,” he said placing his lips softly to mine in a gentle kiss. My breath caught at the intensity of his loving embrace. 
As he led me into the open space, where I had fought Carmen, the people stopped working to turn and look at him. Each bowed their heads as we walked past.
 “Why are they doing that?” I asked him curiously. Everywhere I had been with him, people around us always stopped whatever they were doing a bowed their heads; it was strange to watch.
“It’s a show of respect for their leader,” he said nodding his head at them. I glanced over at him, realizing that he carried himself with confidence. He held his head up, and shoulders back as he glided gracefully. He held my hand tightly as I continued to look at him. 
I noticed he had stopped, and I brought my attention back to where we were, while I looked around.
 “Stay by my side,” he said before bursting through the door. The room was much like the other I had been in, white block walls, concrete floor. It was actually about the size of Luke’s bedroom and held a brown suede couch and love seat. My eyes instantly landed on Carmen, who was standing in the corner in deep conversation with Phil. 
“What’s the meaning of this meeting, Carmen,” Luke asked impatiently. She looked up her eyes glaring at us both. Luke took my hand and gently brought me to his side. Looking at her and Phil, I couldn’t help the hatred I was suddenly feeling towards them. It would be fine with me if I never had to see either one of them ever again. 
“Luke, I am so glad you could make it… you even felt the need to bring her with you, how sweet,” she said glaring at me. 
“You’re wasting my time and trust me Carmen; you do not want to do that,” Luke said harshly. His tone would have normally scared me, but not when he was aiming it at her. I just smiled brightly and held onto his hand tightly. 
“We just thought you would like to know that Kevin and Daniel are getting close to finding this place,” she said angelically. Luke let go of my hand and was in her face in an instant. 
“You would know this how, Carmen? It’s funny that you disappeared for two weeks, and you just suddenly show up to tell me this shit,” he said angrily.
My heart thumped at the mention of Daniel and Kevin’s names. I knew I didn’t want them to get hurt. I felt a need to keep them safe, even though I couldn’t feel anything other than that for either one of them. 
“I’m just telling you what I know; how they got their information I can’t say. The reason I disappeared was because you chose to keep your bitch by your side, even after what she did to me.” 
My smile got even brighter at her anger towards me. I had never in my life been so petty, but I couldn’t help myself now. She had done nothing, but traumatized me since I had been here.
I saw Luke’s hand fly out grabbing her by the neck. “It is nothing to you whom I have by my side. She outranks you now, and I would not piss her off anymore than you have already. If she asks me to take you out, I will not hesitate. It’s just that simple… don’t forget your place here, and how easy it would be to replace you,” he said fiercely, before moving his hand away. 
She stumbled back a few steps and bumped into Phil. He grabbed her by the shoulders letting her get her balance.
“How close are they to discovering this place?” Phil stepped out from behind Carmen. “I can’t say for sure, but if they keep looking along the path they are now, it won’t be too much longer,” he said shaking his head. 
Luke put his hands on his hips and paced the room. His muscles were tense, and the vein in his neck was sticking out. Phil’s eyes stayed on me, now that Luke’s attention was elsewhere. I returned his glare as my hands went to my hips; the man was seriously creeping me out. I glanced at Luke, who was still pacing around, his fingertips on his temple. The next thing I knew something forcefully hit me in the gut knocking me to the ground. The hit, and the fall, managed to knock the breath out of me. 
I felt the wind whooshing past me, whipping my hair. As the air started to feel my lungs again, I looked around to see what was going on. Edmund had appeared and now had Phil in a choke hold. Luke held Carmen by the neck as he and Edmund was staring intently at each other.
 “Take them to the holding cell and lock it with the secret spell,” Luke said quickly. Edmund grabbed Carmen by the arm and disappeared in seconds.
“What just happened?” Luke stood in front of me now, taking my hands in his.
 “Are you okay?” he asked looking me over. “Yeah, just got the air knocked out of me, but I’m good. He turned me around slowly making sure.
“Phil tried to hit you with black magic, but it didn’t quite work the way he planned. You repelled it off as soon as it hit,” he explained. I just nodded in understanding. That is why he had been staring so intently at me moments before.
“I need to know something, Morgan,” he said looking intensely at me. “Just ask me, Luke,” I replied nervously. He looked away for a moment, and then turned his eyes back at me. 
“I need to know if you truly have feelings for me.” I could see the sadness in his gorgeous eyes as I stared back at him. I took a moment to think about what he had just asked. The feelings that I had for him couldn’t be denied, but I was still struggling to choose whether I wanted to be with him. Not just the person he was with me, but who he really was. 
“I can‘t hide the feelings I have for who you are when you’re with me, Luke,” I said honestly. 
Without saying a word, he pulled me into him. His face was inches from mine as he stared deeply at me. My heart started beating faster as I stared back at him. He backed us to the wall pressing my back against the cold blocks.
His forehead rested against mine while his fingertips ran softly across my lips. He licked his lips and brought his mouth to mine. He passionately kissed me like he had never before. I brought my arms around his neck, and let my hands tangled in his hair. He lifted me up, and I wrapped my legs around his waist. His mouth left mine and kissed its way to my neck. My legs tightened around him as he brought amazing sensations to my body. At that moment, I wanted him, all of him.
“Ah, sorry boss, but… ah… everyone’s waiting to hear from you.” I heard Edmund say, wishing he would just go away. Luke reluctantly pulled away. “Be right there,” he said breathing hard. He smiled at me as I slid off him. His hands smoothed my messy hair, and I smoothed the wrinkles from my dress. “I’m sorry we were interrupted, but we really have business to attend to,” he said kissing the tip of my nose. 
He led me back into the open space where a crowd had gathered around whispering to one another. The whispers faded when Luke led us to the front, where Edmund stood.
“We have a problem with two of our most trusted people. I am going to give you a chance to voice your opinions on what their punishment should be. I have never allowed this, and my choice is death for them both. They attacked Morgan with intent to kill her, knowing she now stands at my side and will rule with me. I am only allowing your opinions because they have been with us for so long and are of value to us,” he said sternly. 
The crowd looked around waiting on someone to speak up. “Do you think that it is such a wise idea to kill them? How do you know that Morgan is truly on your side, and not just pretending to be, so she can gather information on us and this place to report back to her army?” A husky voice asked. The crowd parted as an older man made his way to the front. He was tall with a muscular build, his gray hair cut short. His black eyes stared at Luke, challenging him.
I felt Luke’s muscles tense, looking at him, I saw his jar twitch at the accusation the man made. The man lowered his head at Luke’s intense gaze. 
“Do you really think that I am stupid, Floyd? You think that I would allow someone to join forces with us, stand by my side as ruler, who I couldn’t trust?”
The man lifted his head at Luke’s words. “I just can’t help but wonder why she suddenly decided to join you. I think she has maybe made you a bit soft,” the man said staring at Luke and me. 
Luke made his way to the man in a flash; they stood staring at each other for minutes, without a word. Then, suddenly, Luke caught something that Edmund tossed him and plunged it into the man’s stomach. I gasped in fear with the rest of the crowd as blood gushed from the wound. Luke slowly pulled what looked like a dagger from the man and let his limp body hit the floor. My hand covered my mouth to keep from screaming.
“Does anyone else think I have become soft?” He asked looking around. Everyone averted his glare and lowered their heads. 
“Morgan is on our side now. Make no mistake; I will kill anyone who tries to hurt her. Now, as for the matter at hand, are there any suggestions as to what should become of Phil and Carmen?” He asked. 
I couldn’t take my eyes off the man lying lifeless on the dirty floor. I broke out in a cold sweat as I fought back the bile that had risen in my throat.
“We trust in whatever you decide; you are our leader,” a woman’s voice said. Everyone nodded his or her heads at the woman’s words.
 “I think this would be a perfect time for Morgan to step up,” he said making his way to me. I looked at him, not knowing what he wanted me to do. 
“The decision is in your hands now. What do you think should be done to the ones who tried to kill you?” He asked staring at me. 
I closed my eyes not knowing how to make such a decision. This was my chance to get rid of both Phil and Carmen for the last time. However, the thought of having someone killed simply because I did not like them, didn’t set right with me. I opened my eyes, looking at the crowd that was staring at me. I took a deep breath and stepped in front of Luke. 
“I will not order them to death. They have been with you for some time and have become extremely needed, but their act will not go unnoticed. I order them to be locked in the cells until they can be trusted again. You may not like or trust me, but I do stand beside Luke. I have no intentions of betraying him in anyway,” I said, turning back to Luke. He smiled and nodded his head at me. 
“Their punishment has been set. None of you are to have any contact with either one of them while they are locked away. My choice would have been death, but I will stand beside Morgan’s ruling. However, if anyone decides to make such a move again toward her or me, it will mean only death. This is your only warning.”
They all nodded at him and began to go about their business. Luke walked off, and I followed. Once we were in his room, I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t get the image of him stabbing the man out of my head. How could he be like that when with me? He was someone completely different? I knew that we had talked about this before, but it totally dumbfounded me. As for the fact that I could care so much for someone who was capable of taking lives like it was nothing; I couldn‘t comprehend. I didn‘t know how I could feel that way with him, when he was everything that I was against, but here I stood conflicted yet again. 
“I know you don’t like to see such things, Morgan, and I am sorry that you had to. I try to keep that away from you as much as I can, but he had no right accusing both, you and me of such things,” Luke said, snapping me out of my thoughts. 
“I-I just don’t think that you had to kill him, you could have proven yourself another way,” I said, my emotions raw.
“He accused me of being soft. Do you know what it means if my people get that in their heads? I am their leader and I will not let them talk to me that way. They are meant to fear me and fearing me is exactly what they are doing right now. I admit being with you is different from anything I have ever experienced before, and I do care for you, more than you know. I just can’t let those feelings interfere with my job. I am the leader of darkness, and that’s who I will forever be.”
I took a deep breath, letting my eyes shut. I felt the tears hiding behind my eyelids. Why did being with him have to be so complicated? I couldn’t deny my feelings for him, but why did he have to have two completely different sides to him? 
“I feel so lost, Luke. You are in my heart, but I do not know if I can deal with what you have to do or who you are when you are not with me. Do you know how confusing you are, or how confusing any of this is? My heart literally hurts,” I said through my tears. 
He lowered his head at my honest words. I put my head in my hands and let my tears fall. I knew that he wanted me to come to his side, to be evil, and capable to do what was necessary. I just knew I would never be able to do that. I knew that I had once been full of goodness, leader of the Warriors, but things had changed. I had joined Luke and I now had deep feelings for the enemy. I couldn’t even feel what was in my heart before I had joined. I just couldn’t bring myself to take a life, whether they were evil or not. The goodness was still inside of me no matter what was going on around me.
“You must know that before you, I had never felt anything for anyone. Even when you were brought here, the things I did to you, I didn’t care. It was just part of my job, but the moment we kissed for the first time; I started to feel.” 
I looked up at him after he had finished. His handsome face was staring at me with a somber expression. I stood up and walked to the wall where he was standing. I placed my hand over his heart feeling it beat. 
“Do you care about me, Luke? I mean, really care about me?” I asked. He placed his hand on mine and pressed. 
“Do you feel my heart beating so fast? You are the only one that has ever made it do that. I do honestly care for you, Morgan. The feelings I have for you, they confuse the hell out of me. I want to protect you, keep you safe. Do you know how different it is for me to care for someone? I am not supposed to feel anything. I am supposed to be a cold-hearted killer, who only cares for himself. You have changed that for me. I have already fallen head-over-heels for you, which makes my job a hell a lot harder to do,” he said with a shaky voice. 
At that moment, all my concerns went out the window. I didn’t know if I could live the life that he did, but I didn’t want to leave him either. I wanted to be his, and I wanted him to be mine. I wanted all he could give to me. I wanted to be all he would ever need in his life. 
I moved my hands to the bottom of his shirt and slowly brought it over his head. He stared at me with wide eyes, as my hands roamed his perfect chest and stomach. 
I placed my hands on his hips before finding the button to his pants. It didn’t take long before I had them unzipped. 
“What are you doing?” He asked breathing hard. I pulled his pants down leaving his red boxers in place. Instead of answering him, I pulled him into me. My lips touched his neck softly while my tongue traced circles around it. I felt him harden against me, as my hands roamed his back. 
“Morgan, what are you doing? I thought you weren’t ready.” I pulled back and looked at him. “What does it look like I’m doing? Your right, I was not ready then, but now I am. I am giving you a part of me that no one has ever had. I want to be with you; all of you.”
I let my mouth find his again; playfully biting his lips as he slid my dress off. His hands roamed my body as our mouths danced together. I felt his hands unhooking my bra as he slowly pulled it off. He cupped my breasts, and his lips kissed their way down to them. I closed my eyes basking in the new sensations that were coming alive within me. 
“You’re perfect,” he murmured taking my nipple in his mouth, causing it to harden as his teeth grazed over it. I softly moaned as he switched to its twin and repeated the action. My body felt on fire; heating my very core. 
He lifted me against up in his strong arms and carried me to the bed. Laying me down gently, he stood back up and looked at me. His eyes were blazing with desire, as I knew mine were.
“Are you sure you’re ready? I don’t want to pressure you into anything that you’re not ready to do,” he said with his hands on his hips. I licked my dry lips eyeing his ripped body. 
“I want you… now,” I said through my heavy breathing. He smiled as he slid his boxers down. I gasped at the sight of his massiveness.  He walked over to the bed, leaning down to place a soft kiss on my lips. “It will only hurt for a minute, and then you will enjoy it. I will go as slow as you want me to,” he said lying next to me. 
I put my arm around his neck as he pulled me closer. His hand was on my hip, and his mouth pressed hungrily against mine. Before I knew it, he was on top of me, his hardness pressing into my stomach. He rose up on his knees and stared down at me. I felt the sudden urge to cover myself, but resisted.
He slid my panties off and threw them to the floor. My legs went together instantly. He placed his hands on my knees, slowly spreading them apart. Laying down on me, he placed butterfly kisses all over my neck, chest, stomach, and lower. 
“Relax, Morgan,” he said as my body tensed. His finger was caressing my intimate parts, and slowly he dipped it inside me. I gasped as he slid in another one and was moving them in and out. “Mmm, you are ready for me,” he said.
His fingers moved with experienced practice, bringing my body to its peak. I moaned as he took me over the edge.
 “Wow,” was all I managed to say as I lay there catching my breath. 
He rose up on his knees again reaching over to the bedside table grabbing something. Lowering himself back down, he opened a shiny wrapper and pulled out a slick condom. I am glad he had been thinking, because I totally forgot about taking the necessary safety measures. He slid it over his shaft and my breath hitched as I saw the size of him again. 
“You have to relax. I promise to go slow, just tell me if you want me to stop,” he said positioning himself at my entrance. I took a deep breath to calm myself. 
He slid slowly inside letting me get comfortable. I squeezed my eyes shut; it hurt… it hurt really badly. There was a burning sensation as he inched in more. He stopped, and I opened my eyes to see what was wrong. 
“Tell me when the pain subsides,” he said. After a minute, the burning sensation, all but vanished. “I’m ready,” I said, slowly. 
He slowly inched the rest of himself fully inside me. He licked his lips and placed his hands at my sides. He gently bent down and kissed me urgently. “You are so tight,” he whispered. His breathing was heavy, as he slowly started to move in and out. The burning sensation was replaced with a pleasure I had never experienced before and after a few minutes, the pain went fully away, leaving me with wonderful feelings. I wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck. I pulled him down hard on top of me as I devoured his mouth. His taste was wild and mysterious; I couldn’t get enough. He moved faster and harder now, my body matching his pace. He reached for my hands and brought them down on either side of my head, lacing his fingers with mine. He pulled his mouth away, and we just gazed at each other. He quickened his pace as my body went with the rhythm of his. We both cried out in unison, as we tumbled over the edge.
Luke lay on top of me while we both struggled to catch our breaths. “You are amazing,” he said once he could speak. I hugged him tighter against me; my legs still wrapped around him. We lay like that for a while, before he finally decided to roll off me. He brought the cover-up, and over us as he scooted to my side. “Are you okay?” He asked softly. 
I smiled at his question. He could really be sweet when he wanted to be. “I am wonderful, Luke. Thank you for being so gentle with me. You were absolutely amazing,” I whispered. We held onto each other until we both drifted off to sleep. 
I awoke sometime in the night with a growling stomach. I looked over at Luke, who was lying on his back. I couldn’t resist the urge to run my fingers down his chiseled chest and stomach. My fingers glided down lower until they softly brush over his smooth shaft. It instantly sprang to life as I wrapped my hand around it and began to move up and down. 
“Mmm,” he said sleepily. I moved my hand faster, and he bolted straight up. He pulled me on top of him before lying back down. He handed me a condom from the table. I opened it and slid it out of the package. He closed his eyes and I glided it down his massive shaft. 
“Did I mention how amazing I think you are,” he said, once we had both been brought to our peaks again. “You did and I happen to think you are pretty amazing yourself. I am also famished,” I said, just as my stomach growled loudly. He laughed and climbed out of bed. He pulled on his jeans and kissed me on the forehead. “I’ll be right back with food for my queen,” he said winking. 
Once he was gone, I got up and went to the bathroom. I opted for a quick shower to calm me down. 
I had showered and dressed in my royal-blue baby doll nightgown, by the time he got back with a massive load of food.
 “I thought we should catch up on our energy,” he said sitting it on the bed. He had sandwiches, chips, pickles, cookies, and so on. I laughed as he grabbed a sandwich and winked at me. It felt good to be this close to him. I wanted this feeling to last, and I wanted him to stay this way forever. I knew that once we were around people, the bad side of him would come back out, and this made me apprehensive. 
After we had eaten pretty much everything, he had brought, we lay tangled in each other’s arms once again. Being this close to him was something new to us both. I would have never thought that this would happen, but lying here, in his arms, made me hopeful that he could actually change. Maybe this was who he was meant to be; perhaps I could change his soul. I felt that it could happen if he would only let it, but something told me that he would never let that happen. I wanted to be the one that could change the way he saw things. My eyes fluttered as I lay beside him, contemplating how I could get him to see that being evil was not the way to live his life. 
Chapter Eight
“You are not where you are meant to be,” a voice whispered. I looked around only to find blackness. “Who’s there?” I asked anxiously. I wasn’t scared; I actually felt peaceful. The voice had sounded vaguely familiar, and I wondered where I had heard it before.
“You know who I am, Morgan,” the voice whispered again. I closed my eyes thinking where I had heard that voice before. Then it came to me; it was the voice from my dreams. The dream I had had on my ninetieth birthday, where I had been sitting on a cliff, looking out onto a beautiful sea and the one, I had when I found out about who I was.
“God,” I asked.
“Never doubt yourself, Morgan. You need to remember, remember who you are and what your destiny is,” he replied. 
“I can’t be that person now; I have joined the dark side,” I said. Sadness washed over me at the thought that I had failed him. 
“There is still time, but you must fight to remember everything. Not only, who you are, but also whom you are meant to spend the rest of your life with. It is not Luke… he is the very force that you are fighting against. I know that you think you can save him, but his soul cannot be saved. His father has raised him to hate and when, all you know is hate, it is a hard thing to change. You have brought something out in him that was buried deep into his soul, but it‘s not enough. He will never accept change in his life.” 
Tears fell down my cheeks as I took in his words. I knew he spoke only the truth, and at that moment, Daniel’s image formed in my head. I searched within myself, trying to find the feelings that I had once held for him, but there was nothing. It was as if that part of me had been wiped out. I felt so lost. I thought about the feelings that I had formed for Luke, and my heart broke for him as well. I did care for him, a lot actually. I knew what my destiny was, and I knew that I would have to fight to fulfill it. I didn’t know if I could do that now and I so desperately needed answers. 
“You can get through this Morgan. Be strong. Your heart will break for whom you will not be able to save, but this is not where you are meant to be. You know who you are, trust yourself.”
~*~*~*~*~*~


I awoke from my dream drenched in sweat. I looked over to see Luke lying next to me, still peacefully sleeping. I quietly got out of bed and went into the bathroom. After splashing my face with cold water, I slid to the floor. 
I thought about who I was and the reason I was here on earth. I thought about Luke and what he stood for. I knew who he was, but I could not fight the feelings that I held for him. Did it matter that he was different with me? He was just always so good with me, always tending to my needs. 
I also thought about Daniel and knew there had been something there; I just couldn’t remember what we had. I could only feel emptiness. It didn’t make any sense, and I wondered why no matter how hard I tried; I couldn’t feel anything for him. My heart was cold; I was cold.
I had gotten myself into a bad situation. I was falling for the enemy. I was forgetting who I was and what I was supposed to do. I was forgetting about my family, and all that they had fought for. For the first time in a long time, I closed my eyes and prayed. I prayed for knowledge, strength, and guidance; I prayed to find my way back to the path I was meant to be on.
After splashing my face once more, I climbed back in bed. I looked at Luke lying so peacefully in bed, and my heart shattered. I knew that no matter what I felt for him, no matter how good he was with me, that I would have to leave him to get back on the right path. I was not evil, and I couldn’t just stand around watching people die. This was not who I was, or who I wanted to become. A single tear slid down my cheek as I thought about all that I had given to Luke. I wanted so badly for him to change, to become someone I could be with, but knowing; deep down, that it would never happen. 
My thoughts went back to Daniel. I remembered the moments we had spent together and the love we seemed to have for each other. The problem was I couldn’t feel anything, which I found extremely odd. If our love was that deep, I should be able to feel something. 
The door swung open interrupting my thoughts. I opened my eyes as Luke jumped out of bed.
“What the hell is going on?” He asked looking around. Edmund was standing by the door staring at us strangely. 
“We have a problem, boss,” he said urgently. Luke started getting dressed as he looked at Edmund. I sat on the bed holding the blanket around me, wondering what could be so important to have the huge man burst into the bedroom without warning.
“They have found us,” he said, concern filling his voice. Luke and Edmund both looked over at me and back at each other.
 “Who has found us? I don’t understand,” I asked confused. 
“Get dressed, Morgan… fast,” Luke ordered as he put his black T-shirt on. I got out of bed and let the blanket fall. I was still in my baby-doll nightgown, so my private parts were covered. Edmund stared at me as I grabbed some clothes and headed to the bathroom. I just glared at Luke, who had pissed me off, ordering me to get dressed like I was working for him or something. 
I pulled on my jeans and purple long sleeved blouse. I ran the brush through my hair and rushed out the door. Luke took hold of my arm as I slid my feet into my shoes. 
“Really, Luke; You have to grab me like that?” I asked annoyed. He started walking before he responded. “I am sorry, Morgan, but we have a problem that requires our immediate attention.” 
He stopped when he reached Edmund, and the wind began to whoosh around us. I hated the feeling of being stuck in a funnel cloud when Edmund teleported us somewhere. 
We landed in what looked to be the woods, nothing but trees all around us. I had not been outside since I had gotten here. I forgot what the fresh air felt like. I inhaled a deep breath; enjoying it as it filled my lungs. It must have been winter, because it was absolutely freezing. I rubbed my arms trying to get warm. “Mind telling me what is going on,” I asked. 
“It would seem that Kevin, and Daniel has discovered our hideout,” Luke replied coldly. I didn’t know why after the night we had just had, he was being so cold toward me. 
“Why are we outside and why are you acting like such an ass-hole to me?” He looked at me with blazing eyes. I knew that look all too well; his eyes only blazed in a moment of passion or when he was angry, very angry.
“We are here because they have already entered our hideout, Morgan. I am trying to think of a plan to get you somewhere else. I will take no chance of them finding you. I will kill them when I go back in there,” he said angrily. 
My breath caught in my chest at his words. I couldn’t stand the thought of him murdering them.
“Please don’t,” I pleaded. He stomped over to me, his face close to mine. In that instant, I realized that he could and would kill me if he had to. That was who he was and my heart broke into.
“Don’t beg me not to kill your precious Daniel, you are mine now. He will not get you back. I know you are jumping at the chance to leave me and go back to him… I’m not stupid and I will kill you, if that’s what you choose to do,” he said screaming at me. 
I didn’t back down… his words had not only broken my heart farther, but they pissed me off. I felt my face heat, anger building up inside of me.
“How dare you accuse me of anything, I have been standing by your side for who knows how long, and I haven’t done anything for you to worry about. I have given myself to you in every possible way that I can. I have not had feelings for Daniel since the day we first kissed; it was like all my feelings for him were wiped out of my mind. I have given you every part of me that I can give, Luke. What more do you want from me?” 
He looked at me for a moment as the realization dawned on his face. He turned to Edmund, who had his back turned to us.
“Edmund… come here now,” he ordered. The huge man turned, holding his head down as he made his way to us. He stopped in front of Luke and slowly lifted his head to look at him. He looked fearfully at Luke, leaving me to wonder what exactly was going on, that I didn‘t know about.
“I can explain,” he said. I felt sorry for the man, although I had no idea what he had done wrong, or why Luke had suddenly turned his anger toward him.
“What did you do,” Luke asked somberly. 
Edmund was fiddling with his large hands nervously. I could see the sweat beading on his forehead as he began to finally speak.
“The day Morgan tried to escape; I came upon her and Carmen going at one another. I could see the anger she had toward her, and I knew that she would be good for you, if only she would join you. While they were in the midst of fighting, I put a block on her connections with both Kevin and Daniel. She would still remember them, but she would no longer be able to feel anything for them,” he paused looking at me. 
I stared back at him, trying to absorb what he had just said. I could not wrap my mind around his words.
“Continue now,” Luke said calmly. 
“I did it for you, boss. I thought that if she could no longer feel her connection with Daniel, that you could change her mind about standing by your side. I didn’t expect it to work so fast, but then again, I do believe that you two have a connection as well. I was just trying to help. I didn‘t mean any harm,” he said shaking his head. 
I looked up at Luke and instantly noticed the hurt in his eyes. I walked over to him and tried to put my arms around him, feeling the need to console him. He jerked from my touch and stomped off. I tried, to no avail, to stop the tears from falling down my face like a waterfall. I had so many emotions going on in my heart; I didn’t know what to do. I knew that Luke was not the one I was meant to be with, but how could I just turn my back on him? He had shown me such a different side to him. I had fallen for him. My feelings for him were true, no matter what he thought, but I now knew that my feelings for Daniel had been blocked, which is why I wasn’t able to feel anything for him since that day. 
So now, my heart belonged to two men, one who I was instantly connected to, and one who took me by surprise. 
“Unblock her connections,” Luke shouted to Edmund. I looked up at him, surprised by his words. 
“Boss, if I do that then you take a very big risk of losing her and them finding us. Is that what you want?” Edmund asked concerned. 
I walked over to Luke, making sure not to touch him this time. “Luke…I-I do really care for you. Otherwise, I would not have let last night happen. I have always been honest with you. I have never lied to you about anything,” I said slowly. 
He placed his hand on the side of my face and looked at me intensely with his wonderful pale blue eyes.
“It’s not your fault, Morgan. I should have known something when you suddenly joined me. I just never put it together.” 
“Unblock it now, Edmund. It must be done and she must choose which side she wants to truly be on,” Luke said still looking at me. 
“Please, don’t do this to me,” I said through my tears. His thumb gently rubbed my face as his lips softly pressed against mine. 
“It is your choice now, Morgan. You mean more to me than you will ever know. I want you to stand beside me in my kingdom forever, but I know your heart is too good for me. You have a kindness in you that I have never known. It will be your choice, but no matter how much it will kill me inside, if you chose to lead the Warriors, if you chose to go back to Daniel… I will take you down.”
I screamed as loud as I could at his words, they had cut me like a knife, and I wanted nothing more than to crawl away from this all. 
“Now,” I heard Luke say. In a matter of seconds, I felt Daniel’s connection. I felt his love overflow like a river within me. I felt him tug at the reinstated connection. I knew he would be feeling what I was feeling, but I couldn’t find it in me to block his connection myself.
“FUCK,” I screamed as I fell upon my knees. It was almost unbearable to feel the love he had for me when my heart was split between him and Luke. I felt his connection get closer just as I heard footsteps coming toward me. I couldn’t look up… I felt ashamed. I had let Daniel down in so many ways, and I didn’t think that I would be able to face him. I had given myself to Luke, and in return had fallen for the man who was my very enemy.
“Ah… that didn’t take long,” I heard Luke say. I sobbed knowing that I would soon have to make the hardest decision that I had ever made. 
“Morgan,” I heard Daniel’s smooth, sexy voice say. I couldn’t bring myself to look up and see his amazingly beautiful face. 
I swallowed my tears back trying to gather myself. I slowly stood up and dusted the dirt off my jeans, before looking around; my eye’s landed on Daniel, who stood just inches from me. His hand came out and touched mine, causing electricity to flow up my arm. 
My feelings came rushing back to me at his touch. The strong connection we had, the feeling of being with him forever. I felt the hollow part of my soul come back to me, filling me with love and completeness. I looked away from him, feeling the guilt of betraying his trust. I had not only given up and joined forces with our very enemy, but I had also given myself intimately to someone else. “I’m sorry,” I whispered through my tears. 
“Isn’t that just so sweet; soul mates finally united again. I am so touched. I hate to break up this beautiful moment, but I do believe you have a choice to make, Morgan,” Luke said sarcastically. 
I looked around noticing Kevin standing, facing Edmund. Luke was closer to Daniel and me, his eyes on fire.
As I looked at Luke, I knew that he would kill all of us if I chose Daniel. I had seen what he was capable of first hand, and it was not a chance, I was willing to take. 
“Don’t do it, Morgan,” Daniel’s voice floated through my head. I looked back at him with pleading eyes. I knew Daniel was my future, my one and only true love. I had come to care for Luke over the time that I had spent with him, but being with him was like being with two completely different people. The Luke I knew was just so good, but the other side of him, the side everyone else saw of him… well it was just pure evil. I did really care for him, but the feelings I held for him couldn’t hold a candle to my love for Daniel. Once our connection had come back, I knew I didn’t have a choice. Daniel would always be the one for me and no matter how my heart hurt for Luke; it wouldn’t matter. I felt sorry for him. I wanted him to change, to become a better person. I didn’t want to spend my years fighting against him, because I knew that deep within my heart, no matter how much love I held for Daniel, there would always be a special place for Luke. My feelings for him were no match against my love for Daniel, but I could never forget him and how good he had been to me.
“I’m so sorry, Daniel. I love you,” I sent to him. Before I could let him stop me, I turned to Luke. “I choose you… but you can’t hurt them,” I said somberly. 
Luke walked over to me and wrapped his arms around me. He brushed his lips against my cheek as he held me tightly against his hard body. I could feel the coldness coming off him, and I looked up into his eyes. His face had hardened as he stared at me with his piercing blue eyes. 
“We could have had it all,” he whispered. Tears filled my eyes. Behind his hardness, I could see the pain that I had caused. He knew who I would choose, and it hurt to know that I was the one person that had managed to change him, if only a little. I was turning my back on him now, and I couldn’t stop myself from it. I wanted to be back in Daniel’s arms, feeling the love that we shared for each other. 
“I don’t need your pity,” he whispered into my ear. He kissed me on the cheek once more as my tears slid down. He held onto me tightly with one arm, as his other fell at his side. Then, before I knew what he was doing, I felt something sharp press into my back. I screamed out as the pain overtook my body.  I stared into Luke’s stone-cold eyes as he pressed harder against my back. Pain shot through me; pain like I had never felt before.  I heard Daniel’s scream before Luke pulled the object out of my back and let me fall to the ground. I tried to force myself to stay awake, but the pain overtook my consciousness.

~*~*~*~*~*~

I was sitting on a cliff overlooking a roaring sea. I had been here before in my dreams, I realized. It was peaceful. I didn’t feel any pain, or heartbreak as I looked at God’s amazing canvas spread out before me. 
“Morgan.” I turned around when I heard my name. My hand went over my mouth as I looked at my mother, father, and brother. They stood there looking at me with wide smiles. 
“Am I in heaven?” I asked shocked. My mother walked over to me and threw her arms around me.
 “I have missed you so much,” she said squeezing me tightly. She pulled back, taking my face in her hands. 
“You have become such a beautiful young woman. We are all so proud of you and to answer your question no; you are not in heaven. You are in between worlds right now, honey. Your body has sustained tremendous harm, and you will have to choose whether you want to fight to stay on earth, or join us in heaven.
“Luke, he did something to me. I don’t know what though. I just felt something sharp go through my back before the pain took over my body. I couldn‘t stay awake; that’s the last thing I remember,” I said. I knew Luke was evil, but I didn’t understand how he could try to kill me, after everything that we had been through, but then again, I had betrayed him and to him that was the worst thing I could ever do.
“Luke is your greatest evil,” my father said walking toward me. I hugged him, as well as my brother Logan when they approached. 
“I know he’s evil, but I just didn’t think he would hurt me,” I said, shaking my head. 
My mother put her arm around my shoulder and pulled me into her. “You see honey; you have given something to Luke that he has never had, or felt. Love is a powerful thing to experience. It can also be a powerful thing to have taken away from you. Luke opened himself up to you, gave you himself in a way he had never done before. When you chose Daniel, Luke knew instantly. He would rather kill you than lose you. If you choose to live, you will be fighting him for the rest of your days.”
My heart shattered. I gave him something, and taken it away in a flash. How could I have been so careless with someone’s feelings? I didn’t care that he was evil; I cared for the man about the man whom he had allowed me to see. I never once thought that he was in love with me. I knew that he did care for me, the way I did for him, but I didn’t add love into the equation.
“Life can sometimes bring unexpected people into our lives. It does not always turn out the way you would like. It can be enough to break you and make you give up. You, my daughter, can make it through this,” my father said. 
“You cannot change who Luke is. He will never change, not even for you. You will carry a scar on your heart from your experience with him, but so will he,” said my mother. 
I let her words sink in, knowing that as long as I was on this earth, I would forever be fighting against him. I would carry his scar on my heart, as he would carry mine on his. I didn’t know why we had been brought together, but I knew everything was done for a reason. I would be strong. I would take charge of my destiny, and I would keep the innocent people of the world safe. It was destiny to fight against evil, and if it meant fighting against someone, I had cared about and shared many great moments with; I would.
I looked up at my family, glad to be with them once again. It had been so long since I had last seen them. I had missed all so much. 
“You have a choice to make, little sister,” Logan said. I smiled when he called me little sister—he was born a minute before me. He used to tease me when we were little about how he was smarter because he was older than I was. 
“Basically, I have to choose to live or die,” I said, looking at all three of them. I wanted to stay with my family so bad, but I knew I couldn’t. I had things to do on earth. I had a destiny to fulfill, a man who I wanted to live out my life with. Granted, he could forgive me for everything that I had done. I knew that life wasn’t going to be a walk through the park. I knew that the things I would have to do would cause me heartache and pain, but I could do it. I was strong, and I would fight for all the goodness of this world. I wouldn’t take the easy way out. My life was just getting started; everything was finally coming together after years of feeling so alone. 
I looked at my family standing before me; their beautiful faces glowing with love. I had missed them so much over the years. Looking at them now, I knew that they were happy. I guess I was worried that they wouldn’t be. I smiled knowing for sure that they were.
“I love you all so much, and I am glad to have the chance to see you once again after all these years. I have dreamed of being with you again for so long. I want nothing more than to be with you and one day I will.  However, it is not my time yet. I have so many things to do before my time is up. I will fight for my life. I have too much so much to lose if I just give up. I have never taken the easy way out of anything. I will go back, and I will do what I was meant to do. I am stronger than many know and I can get through whatever it is that‘s waiting for me,” I said, looking at each of them.
They all smiled at me before gathering me into a big hug. “We are so proud of you, Morgan,” mom said squeezing me tight. 
“Yeah, we’ll be watching over you from up there little sister. You are stronger than even I thought you would be. You will be such a great leader. We will help guide you as much as we can from where we are. You do know that I am your guardian angel, don’t you?” Logan asked half smiling at me. 
I looked at him like he was crazy. “Are you serious?” I asked. I knew that they would be watching out for me from heaven, but it was crazy to think of Logan as my guardian angel. 
“We all have a mission in life. Logan’s mission was just as important in heaven, as yours is on earth. He is a fierce protector to the one’s he loves. He stands beside the strongest as they keep watch; they are never allowed to cross the barrier between earth and heaven, but they can provide great protection without having to.  He keeps watch over the future leader of our army,” my father explained. 
A tear slid down my cheek as I thought of my brother keeping watch over me. 
“Thank you,” I said, wrapping my arms around him. I would miss them so much. It was good to see them all again, and I knew that one day, when it was my time, that I would join them in heaven. 
“It’s time for you to go now,” Logan said as I started to disappear. “I love you,” I shouted before they vanished. 
Chapter Nine
I felt pain pulsating through my body as I tried to open my eyes. I felt a warm hand holding mine and felt the love flowing from it. I tried to hold onto that love as the pain started to become too much. My back felt like it was on fire, and I couldn’t move. 
“Kevin, she’s starting to wake up. She needs more medicine.” I heard someone walk over to me. They lifted my arm and stuck me with something. 
There was a small prick, and immediately I knew he had given me a shot of some kind of medicine. The pain started to subside.
I forced my eyelids open, and the bright lights caused me to shut them tight. 
“It’s okay, my love,” Daniel said soothingly. I squeezed his hand in mine. “A-A-Am I…. going t-to be… okay?” I managed to ask.
“You are going to be just fine. You will be in some pain for a while, but I have the good stuff for that,” Kevin said with relief. 
Daniel let go of my hand, and I heard him walk out. Guilt washed over me when I thought about what I had done to him. 
“Are you in any pain,” Kevin asked. 
I opened my eyes and looked at him. It was good to see his face after so long. He was like a brother to me in so many ways. 
“No; not any physical pain anyway.” He took a seat in the chair by the bed. “Listen, I know that your heart is hurting, but Daniel is not mad at you for anything. He is relieved to have you back home, and that’s what matter’s now.”
Daniel walked back into the room carrying a tray of food. Kevin moved as he made his way to us. 
“I thought you might be hungry and in need of some coffee,” he said sitting the tray in my lap after I had scooted up. Looking around, I realized we were back at home, in Daniel’s room. 
I opened my mouth as he brought a spoonful of chicken noodle soup to meet it. It soothed my throat as it slid down. It felt so good. 
“Thank you,” I said, after he had fed me the whole bowl. I took a sip of the heavenly cup of coffee, just savoring the flavor.
“You don’t have to thank me. I am just glad that you came back to me. It’s been too long since I have seen your beautiful face.” 
“Not again” I scolded myself as my eyes filled with tears. He was too good for me and I knew that I was lucky to have such a man in my life.
 “I am so sorry, Daniel,” I said, looking at him through the veil of tears.
“Please don’t be sorry, love. None of it was your fault. Sometimes in life, things happen that we wish did not, but we can’t change them. I love you more than life itself, and I don’t hold anything against you. You are the strongest person I know. We will talk more about this if you need to, once you are rested. Right now, my focus is for you to get as much rest as you can. Kevin healed your wound, but I know that it can be very painful afterwards. 
I smiled up at his beautiful face as my eyelids struggled to stay open. I fell in and out of sleep through the night. Daniel never left my side, even holding me as the pain made itself known once again, and I couldn‘t help the screams that escaped. Kevin gave me two more shots to make the pain would go away. 
I awoke pain free sometime the next day. The sunshine was bright and the open window was letting the cool breeze float throughout the room. I looked over to see Daniel, who was asleep in the chair by my bed, curled up in a blanket. I took the opportunity to stare at him. He truly was the most beautiful man I had ever seen. His hair had grown out since I had left and was messy, in a sexy kind of way, making me want to run my hands through it. 
I had to go to the bathroom badly, and I didn’t want to wake him up. I sat up in the bed and slowly brought my legs to the edge. They felt weak and shaky, from, however long it had been since I used them. I placed my hands on the bed as I scooted myself down.
My legs weren’t stable enough to hold me just yet; instead, they buckled, sending me face-first into the floor. I couldn’t contain my laughter as Daniel jumped up from the chair and stood over me.
“What do you think you’re doing?” He asked angrily. I was laughing so hard that I could hardly breathe. “I had to… use… the… bathroom,” I said, through my laughter. 
“It didn’t occur to you to wake me up and ask for help.” 
After I finally controlled my hysterical laughter, I noticed how serious he was.
 “I’m sorry. I thought I could at least make it to the bathroom, and you looked so peaceful… I didn’t want to bother you.” 
He reached his hand down for me to take, which I did thankfully. I stood for a moment, with his help, as my legs got used to the weight. After a minute, I felt stable enough to walk to the bathroom by myself. Daniel followed behind me, just in case my legs gave out again. 
“I’ll wait right here,” he said as I opened the door. I didn’t argue with him. I felt better once I had gone and while washing my hands in the sink, I glanced at my reflection. Ewe… I looked horrible. My hair was matted together and there was dirt smeared all over my face. Gross, I needed to take a shower.
“Do you mind if I take a shower? I think it would make me feel a lot better,” I yelled through the door. 
I heard him huff out a breath at my request, and I smiled. It was good to be home.
“Only if I can come in and wait.” I thought about it for a minute and the need to be clean outweighed anything else. “If you must,” I said, turning on the water. 
The door opened and he walked in, quickly closing it behind him. He pulled a towel and washcloth from the closet and handed them to me. “Thanks.” 
I fixed the water as hot as it would go and began to undress. Daniel turned his hand as I lifted my shirt and tossed it with the pile already on the floor. I climbed in once I was fully naked and closed the glass door. The hot water washed over my aching muscles causing them to relax... I washed and conditioned my hair before I shaved my legs while I had the chance. They were so hairy I could have started my own forest.
The door opened as I started to wash my sore body. Daniel stepped inside smiling. “I thought you could use a little help washing your back,” he said with a wild smile. I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. I just stood there like an idiot, staring at his yummy naked body. 
He took the soap from my hand and me so my back was facing him. Butterflies were flying around my stomach as I let the water wash over my face. His magical hands ran slowly up and down my back. I turned to face him once he was done. He put the soap aside and pulled me into him. 
“I’ve missed you so much,” he murmured putting his arms around my waist. Electricity surged through my body, and I was sure sparks were flying off us. I slowly brought my arms around his neck, my eyes never leaving his. 
“I am so sorry for all that has happened, Daniel. I wish I could take it all back. I wish that I could have been stronger. I am so ashamed of myself for betraying you like I did,” I said heavily. He held me tighter to his muscled body, and I felt his love flow through me.
“I’m not going to say it doesn’t hurt to think of you with someone other than me, but a smart girl once told me that the past was the past, and we all have one that we are not proud of, including me. My love for you is as strong today as it was before, if not more. You are my soul mate… you will always have my heart, Morgan. I am glad that you are here with me now and that is really all that matters,” he said. 
We slowly brought our mouths closer, holding on tightly to each other. I could feel our hearts beating the same rhythm when our chests pressed together. When our lips finally touched, it felt as if my heart exploded. I melted into him fully, savoring his sweet, exotic taste. 
The water flowed around us as we reunited, our connection making the experience so much more intense. 
“I’ve needed this for so long, my love,” Daniel’s voice floated through my head. It was crazy wild that we could talk to each other, while our tongues created a passionate dance together.
“You’re my forever and always, Daniel. I love you so much.” 
He lifted me up and out of the shower. He headed straight for the bed as the water dripped from our bodies. He pulled the cover-up and over us, creating a tent. We passionately kissed letting our hands roam each other’s damp bodies. 
This was paradise and I never, ever want to leave it. My soul felt full once again. The feelings we were creating together, it was indescribable. Wild, passionate, emotional… feeling as if we were becoming one with each other, so much love filling every inch of my body.
His hands caressed my neck down to my breasts as his fingers brushed around my nipple. He continued down my stomach, hips, and thighs leaving a tingling sensation all the way down. 
He slowly caressed his way back up my leg until his hand was caressing my most intimate part. My head tilted back as he touched his sensual lips to the side of my neck. My breath hitched as I let a soft moan escape my mouth, and I felt him harden against my leg. 
“I want you so bad,” he murmured into my ear. He looked at me intensely, his hazel eyes glazing over.
“I want you to take me, all of me,” I whispered. He brought his mouth down on mine hard, needy. I opened my legs as he lifted his chiseled body over mine. We stared at each other as he brought his shaft to my opening. I cried out as he entered me, not from pain but pleasure. My legs wrapped tightly around him as I matched his rhythm. My hands tangled in his mess of silky hair as his mouth found my neck and his tongue done amazing things. 
My hands clawed at his back, and he pushed faster, harder. I could barely breathe, as we finally became fully one with each other. 
“I love you,” he whispered. Our fingers intertwined as the sparks continued to fly. We both screamed out as the fireworks exploded, bringing us both to our very peak. 
He lay fully on top of me as we both fought to catch our breath. He finally rose up on his elbows, staring lovingly at me and smiled. He brushed a kiss upon my lips before he pulled himself out of me and rolled onto his side. My body felt empty without him inside. 
“I love you. I love you. I love you. You are absolutely amazing,” he said brushing the stray hair from my face.  I looked over at him, lying upon his side, and I noticed the green flecks in his eyes almost glowing. Just looking at him made me lose my breath, he was the most magnificent person I had ever met. My heart was full of love again. I was so glad that the coldness had melted away at just one touch from Daniel. His love was seriously like a drug to me. I needed it more than I have ever needed anything in this world. I watched his chest rise and fall as I lay my arm across it. He placed his hand over mine. 
“I love you with my whole heart, Daniel McKay. You are my everything,” I whispered. He pulled me closer into his embrace. I closed my eyes as his breath fell upon my skin. I felt complete and I wanted this moment to last forever. 
~*~*~*~*~*~
I woke up sometime during the night with the moon spilling light around the room. I rolled over looking for Daniel, but he wasn’t in the bed. My stomach rumbled, and I realized that I was starving. 
I pulled on Daniel’s T-shirt that was still lying on the floor and covered myself with my fluffy white robe that hung above the bathroom door. I made my way toward the kitchen. I still knew my way around, so I didn’t have to turn on any extra lights. When I got to the bottom of the stairs, I heard talking. 
I recognized Kevin’s voice as well as Daniel’s. Walking into the kitchen, they stopped talking and both turned to look at me. 
“Did I interrupt something?” I asked as looking between them.
Daniel got up and walked over to me. He brushed his lips against my cheek, sending shivers down my body. 
“We were just talking, love. What are you doing up this late?” My stomach chose to rumble again causing me to laugh. “I am starving,” I said, heading for the refrigerator. I opened it up and found some bacon and eggs. I pulled them out as Kevin made his way over to me. 
“How ‘bout you let me fry these up for you… I think you’ve used up too much energy elsewhere,” he commented with a smirk across his face. I gave him a cheesy fake smile and grabbed a coke from the still opened frig. 
“I think I’ll take you up on that. You’re better at cooking than I am anyway.” I walked over to the bar and took a seat on one of the tall stools. Daniel came and sat down beside me, placing a bag of chips in front of me.
 “To hold you over until your food is done,” he said opening the bag. 
“Thank you,” I said, with a genuine smile. I munched on the salt & vinegar chips and watched Kevin happily prepare my food. 
“So, Daniel, how are your parents doing?” I asked, curious to know how they had been since returning home.
He looked at me and smiled. “Because of you they are great. They went back to the main Warrior house, located on an isolated island off the coast of Odessa,” he excitedly explained. 
“Odessa… like in Ukraine?” I remembered studying about the Black Sea and all the countries that surrounded it, Ukraine is the one that I most wanted to visit someday.”
“Yeah, that’s it. It is a sacred place for the leaders to live. It’s protected by the angel’s powers, as well as shielded by a few of the older wizards who also live there. We will be heading there when you are better.” 
Kevin set my plate of bacon and scrambled eggs in front of me. “Bon appétit,” he said taking a hand full of chips.
I laughed at his fake French accent. “Thanks,” I said, inhaling a crispy piece of bacon.
I listened to them talk as I ate my scrumptious food. There was nothing like having breakfast food in the middle of the night, for some reason, it always made it so much better. I watched how they interacted with each other, reminding me of brothers. Just the way one would tease the other and getting punched in the arm for it. 
“What’s causing you to daze off? It must be your Casanova,” Kevin said with a wink. 
I had missed them both so much and was glad to be back. “I was actually thinking about how good it was to be home.” Daniel put his arm around me and pulled me into him. “It’s so good to have you back home,” he said kissing my forehead. 
“Yeah, nothings better than seeing Juliet and Casanova here being all lovey-dovey,” Kevin said rolling his eyes. Then he looked at me seriously. “I am glad that you’re okay. You had us worried there for a while.” 
I knew what he was talking about, and I hated that I had put both him and Daniel through it. “I’m sorry,” I said somberly. 
“I told you to quit apologizing,” Daniel snapped, making me flinch at his harsh tone. 
“I’m sorry, love, but none of it was your fault. You did what you had to do to survive. Things happened. That is life and I just thank God that you came back to me safe. So please stop saying you’re sorry.” 
I nodded my head at him. I knew he spoke the truth, but I hated that I had given myself to the enemy, in many ways. I hated that I still held feelings for Luke. I did love him, but not in the same way as Daniel. I just wanted him to find happiness, although I knew that he never would. He didn’t have it in him to be happy. He was evil… he made that clear when he stuck the knife in my back that almost killed me. I could not forgive him for that, even though I knew what he was capable of and had witnessed his actions for myself. I guess I thought because he harbored some kind of feelings for me that I was different. I was wrong. He had warned me that if I ever left his side that he would kill me. 
“So what do we do next?” I asked.
Kevin and Daniel exchange looks. I looked from one to the other, wondering what they were thinking. Kevin finally turned and looked at me. “Right now the first thing is to get you healthy. After that, we plan on going to the main house. We all have to start training and acquiring our skills, that will be our main goal.”
“Why the rush to get to the main house, I just got here, and I would kind of like to stay a little while.” 
Kevin’s face turned serious. I knew there was something he was not telling me, something I knew I didn’t want to hear.  
“What is it?” I asked concerned. Daniel stood up and started to pace around Kevin and me. 
“You see, love; the thing is that Luke is really pissed off. You seemed to have brought out his fury and he is ready for battle.”
“What does that even mean?” I asked eyeing him. Daniel continued to pace not looking at me. Kevin shook his head and finished for him. 
“You see, Juliet; Luke showed you a part of himself that no one else has ever seen. He is royally pissed that you choose Daniel and your destiny over him. He’s also thought that the spell Edmund put on you is the only reason you joined him in the first place.”
Fear pricked my spine as I listened to what Kevin said. He rubbed his head with his hand and let out a breath. 
“He has ordered all his people to aid in the search for you. They can’t get through the shield I have over this house, but they are waiting for us to make a move. They will do anything to take you down and Luke is leading them. It is going to get ugly real soon. This is the reason we need to leave here as soon as possible. We have to get you trained as well as ourselves,” he explained. 
“He’s starting a battle because of me?” I asked, not wanting to believe that I could cause him to start a battle.
Daniel turned to look at me, and I turned away. I had started this whole mess. My weakness was going to affect the ones that I loved and the innocent people who would cross paths with the black mass. 
“This has been inevitable since the very beginning. They know that you are the strongest leader whom we have ever had. They want to take you out before you discover all your strengths, this is just his excuse,” Daniel said. 
“All I can do is the electricity thing; that’s it. There is nothing else that I have found that I can do.”
“You haven’t had the time or training to find out anything else. Everything happened right after you found out who you were, Juliet. You are going to have the greatest powers they have ever seen,” said Kevin. 
I took a deep breath and exhaled. I would be ready for Luke. There wasn’t any way I would let him take away what was most precious to me. I was pissed now.
“Let’s go,” I said angrily. Both Kevin and Daniel chuckled. 
“I knew that you would get pissed. You’ll fight better with that attitude, Juliet.” 
“We can leave whenever you’re ready. Kevin is going to teleport us to the airport and from there fly on his Jet into Ukraine. We will take a boat from there,” Daniel explained. 
We all three decided to wait for a couple more days. The guys wanted to make sure that I was all right, even after I had insisted that I was fine. Daniel and I went back up to bed and climbed under the warm blankets. He held me tightly as I drifted off to sleep.
Chapter Ten
Daniel woke me the next morning as his hand roamed down my side. We spent the following hours intertwined with each other as he showed me what it was like to truly make love. It was the most amazing experience I could ever imagine. 
We showered together too tired from our earlier escapade to do anything but that. We headed down for food after we had dressed. We followed the amazing aroma of food in the kitchen. I almost passed out when I saw Kevin and Madison cooking together. 
I was speechless as she ran over nearly tackling me to the floor. “Morgan, you’re back, I am glad to see you. I have been so worried about you,” she said excitedly as she squeezed the air out of me. 
I felt so guilty. I hadn’t even thought about her with everything else that had been going on. I couldn’t believe that I had forgotten about my best friend. I was a crappy friend to have. 
“You’ve healed faster than we thought you would,” she said. I looked at Kevin, who stood smiling at our interaction. I turned to look at Daniel, who also stood there smiling as he shrugged his shoulders. Why had they told her I had been hurt? 
“I… uh… yep… I heal pretty fast,” I said suspiciously. She looked at me and smiled her beautiful smile. “They didn’t tell you that I knew, did they?” I bit my lip as I tried to think of something to say.
“Sorry, Juliet, but you have one insistent friend. She went so far as to threaten to go to the cops if we didn’t tell here where you were. In order for her to understand… we had to tell her about who you were and who we were exactly,” Kevin explained. 
Madison could get anyone to talk; I knew this. She had always had that ability.
“I’m just glad you’re okay,” she said wiping a stray tear. “It’s good to finally see you again. How do you feel about dating an ancient man?” I asked teasingly. Kevin tossed a biscuit at me, missing my head by inches. We all laughed, and it felt like old times again. 
We ate breakfast together at the table. It was good to have this normal time for ourselves before we went to battle. I knew things could get bad, but I knew that we could win this. We would win this.
Over the next couple of days, we hatched a plan to get to the main house. We knew that the black mass would have people waiting for us everywhere, the Atlanta airport being their main hub. 
I asked Kevin why he couldn’t just teleport us to the main house instead of all this travel. It made the most sense to me. 
“The main house and the whole island are protected. I can’t break through the shield, and I wouldn’t risk the chance of them taking the shield off to let us in. It would take the evil bastard just seconds to gain access to our most sacred place. 
So together, we discussed our options, none of them sounding very good. Finally, we just decided that we would take our chances. We knew that the three of us could easily take out more than our fair share. They only problem was Madison, who would be unable to protect herself.
Kevin insisted that he could keep all of safe, but would focus on her, being the only one of us who didn’t have powers. 
Daniel told me later that night that Kevin and Madison had grown very close in the past year. Kevin seemed to be falling in love for the first time in his entire life. I was happy for the both of them. They both deserved all the happiness in the world. 
“I’m glad he is finally able to experience love; it’s the most magnificent feeling in this world,” I said. 
“Especially when you know you’ve found the one you’re meant to be with forever,” he said lovingly. We held each other close that night, basking in the joys of being together once again.
The next day was very hectic. Daniel began to teach me how to defend myself from an attack, and we soon realized that I didn’t need much practice. It all came so natural to me, like second nature. He was never able to encounter me, and I seemed to know what he was going to before he did it.
I practiced shooting electricity from my palm. Poor Kevin volunteered to be my target. It hit him at least twenty times, each stronger than the last. The angrier I got the more electric shot out. I just thought about all that had gone on in the past year and the anger quickly built up. 
“I think that’s enough for today… you’re going to hurt him if you keep it up,” Madison said hurriedly. I agreed with her, and we called it quits. We ate turkey sandwiches, sitting at the dinner table joking with each other. I loved the quality time we were spending together. It was truly amazing how being with great company could make you the happiest in the world. 
Kevin and Madison were the first to turn in saying they were just so “tired.” Daniel and I burst out laughing as Madison’s face turned blood red. She must really be in love with him, because she had never been modest about her love life, ever.
“Have fun… um… sleeping,” Daniel said through his laughter. Kevin tossed a chip at him as he and Madison walked out of the kitchen. I washed the dishes, and Daniel dried them. Then we decided to head up ourselves. Daniel closed the window blocking the cold air from coming in. It was December 1 already, and the weather had turned cold.
We decided to soak in his huge Jacuzzi tub before we called it a night. He turned on the hot water letting it fill. I added a capful of my lavender bubble bath, and we climbed in. He turned on the jets as we lay back, letting them message both our bodies. 
“This feels so amazing,” I murmured. He tilted my neck and placed his warm lips to it while his hands caressed my breasts. I licked my suddenly dry lips and turned around. I straddled him and pulled his mouth back to mine. 
“You make me crazy,” he whispered. My teeth grazed at his lip as my tongue slid inside his mouth. His taste was more than intoxicating to me, bringing me to my greatest high. 
“Mmm… I want you… I need you,” I said, pulling my mouth from his. My body felt like it was on fire from his touch. 
I felt his hardness underneath me. I brought myself up and easily slid down his slick shaft. I took control, gliding up and down. He held me as close to him as possible, our eyes locked on each other. It didn’t take long for us both to be brought over the edge, leaving us breathless.

We spent the next morning training for the day ahead. Daniel thought it would be a good idea to have Kevin, and I fight. 
“Give it your best shot, Juliet,” he taunted. I just smiled my sweetest smile as he held his fist out for me to bump. Men, I thought. I dodged his first shot with ease as my foot made contact with his stomach. He stumbled, but quickly caught his footing. He lunged at me; wrong move. I grabbed his arm and twisted, letting my other arm wrap round his neck. I held on tight, just as I had with Carmen. I soon felt someone jump upon my back. I planted my feet and held onto Kevin tightly. I felt Daniel’s strong arm come around my neck and perform the same move on me as I had just done to Kevin. 
I took my elbow and drawled it back; I slammed it hard into his stomach and felt his arm slid off.
“I… give… up,” Kevin stammered. I left of him and turned to see Daniel lying on the ground. 
“I am so sorry. Are you okay? I didn’t mean to hit you that hard,” I said in a rush as I bent down to him. He turned and smiled brightly at me. “My girl can kick some ass,” he stated proudly. I let out the breath I had been holding and wiped the sweat off my forehead.
“No shit,” Kevin said rubbing his throat. I smiled knowing that I could take care of myself as well as others, and the fact that I had taken out two of the strongest men I knew, only made me feel that much stronger.
Daniel got up and walked over to me. He threw his arms around my waist as he lifted me up. “I am so in love with you,” he said spinning me around. 
“Get a room,” Kevin muttered walking back inside. I guess he didn’t like getting beat by a girl. Daniel put me down and led me inside. It was almost time to go. I hoped we would make it to our destination safely. Kevin said that if they were going to attack us; they would do it before we got inside. Since the airport in Atlanta was beyond huge and held massive security, he didn’t think they would attempt to follow once we had made it inside. Kevin handed each one of us a laminated tag and told us to show it when he showed his. It would take us straight-through security, and to his Jet. 
We huddled around each other in the kitchen as Kevin threw his hands up. Air whipped around us causing me to hold on tightly to Daniel and Kevin... I closed my eyes feeling safe enough to do so. 
We landed on our feet in what looked like a parking garage; it was dimly lit, giving it a spooky feel. We all looked around, but there didn’t seem to be anyone inside. 
“Stay together and keep your eyes open,” Kevin said leading us toward the stairs. I had the eerie feeling that something was about to happen. I could feel evil all around me. I held tightly to Daniel’s hand as we followed Kevin and Madison up the flight of stairs. Only two, more levels and we would be making our way across the crowded parking lot. 
As we headed toward the second staircase, my feelings intensified. “Daniel, they’re here… I can feel it,” I whispered nervously. Kevin and Madison were already heading up as I heard footsteps creeping slowly behind us. 
“Going somewhere?” said a sultry voice. I would know that voice anywhere. Carmen. 
Daniel and I stopped in our tracks and slowly turned around. Carmen, Phil, and Addie stood there smiling at us. My blood boiled as my hatred for them three came near the surface.
“Get Madison out of here,” I yelled to Kevin. I hoped he would listen to me. I did not want her to be around these three.
“Did your master decide to finally let the dogs out?” I asked with a huge smile. Carmen took a step forward and hissed. She actually hissed at me. I couldn’t contain my laughter. I could tell by the look on her face that she was just waiting, for the moment, to rip into me. 
“I have orders to bring you home….dead or alive, but I prefer the first,” she said snarling at me.
I stepped closer to her. I wanted to wrap my hands around her neck and choke the life out of her. I knew I shouldn’t feel this way, but I knew her soul could never be saved and after everything that she had done to me, I couldn’t push those feelings away.
Addie inched closer to me. I looked over at her, and I thought about all those years she had raised me after my parents had died. Pretending to be my Aunt; what a crock. The anger exploded inside me as I thought about all her lies, how she had deceived every one of us including my parents. They had trusted her with their daughter for crying aloud, and she had betrayed them in the worst possible ways. She was our enemy. 
Electricity pulsated throughout my body as I held my palm out.
“I hope you spend the rest of your miserable life burning in the pits of Hell,” I said, furiously letting the electricity shoot out from my hand. I had never had this much shooting out before. It was hard to control. I stumbled into Daniel, whose strong arms steadied me. My aim was good, hitting her right in the heart. Her body trembled and convulsed as Phil ran over to her side.
She finally fell onto the ground, and I held my palm down. Adrenaline rushed through me. I turned to Carmen, who stood staring at Addie.
“You’re mine now, witch.” I didn’t have to worry about Addie any longer; she was down. I knew Daniel could take care of Phil, and I wanted my chance with Carmen. She took full fighting stance as I moved slowly to her. She threw her leg up as I came to a stop in front of her; my hand swatted it out of the way easily.  I lunged at her as we both tumbled to the ground.
“You really think you can take me down, little girl? You don’t stand a chance,” she said sitting on top of me. That was okay; I would let her have a little fun before I disposed of her. I didn’t struggle as she placed her hands around my throat. I smiled up at her, and she squeezed tighter. 
“I’ll be sure to console Daniel once you’re gone.” She said in her most sultry voice. 
She knew my weakness. Every time his name came out of her filthy mouth I wanted to kill her. Although, I didn’t like to fight like a girl so to say, I did. I grabbed her golden hair with both my hands and yanked as hard as I could. Her body flew over me as strands of hair clumped in my hands. I moved swiftly getting up and turned to find her. She was on her hands and knees slowly getting up; my chance, I walked the few inches between us and kicked her as hard as I could in the stomach. She shot into the wall headfirst. 
“Please tell me that is not all you have. I am highly disappointed,” I said, taunting her. I wanted her to fight; I wanted to put her back in her place.
She looked at me wildly and threw her hands up. She was chanting something that I couldn’t make out.
“Like hell you do,” I screamed, running at her with all I had. She was doing some kind of spell, the stupid witch. Not this time, not on me. My hand shot out as soon as I reached her, gripping tightly around her throat. I tossed her to the side. I didn’t want to choke her that would be too easy. I just wanted to distract her from whatever it was that she was trying to do.
“You’re not woman enough to take me on without your magic?” I asked, as we circled each other. 
“I’m woman enough to take your men; first Daniel and now Luke. Nevertheless, I think I like Daniel better. I’ll have him, as soon as I’m finished with you.” 
I laughed so hard at her words. I was so tired of hearing about her and Daniel. She always had something to say about him, now Luke. Even Luke didn’t deserve to be with such a bitch.
“Give it a rest, Carmen. The only thing you have going for you, is the fact that you are a witch and can magically make yourself look better. Your nothing… No one wants you around them, except maybe Phil. That is only because he’s a creepy old man. You will never be anything like me, and you will never get your skanky claws on Daniel. I am highly surprised to hear that you sank them into Luke, but I’m sure he only needed to release himself, and you were the only person around.
“AHHHHHH,” she screamed the loudest scream I had ever heard from anyone as she lunged at me. She managed to tackle me; knocking me to the hard ground. Her fists fell upon my face, one after the other. I must have hit a nerve. I balled up my fist, and with all my might; I slammed it as hard as I could into her throat. Her hands instantly went around her neck as she gasped for air.  Her face turned blue as she slowly fell off me. I stood up, and I stared at her in horror. Her face was a bluish purple now. She didn’t look like she was breathing. I looked around trying to find Daniel. I panicked when I didn’t spot him anywhere around...
“Daniel…. Daniel; where are you?” I screamed, running around the dark parking garage. Tears sprang to my eyes and quickly washed over my face. 
“Morgan… I’m here, honey. What’s wrong?” Oh, thank God, he was all right. I threw myself into him. I couldn’t stop the tears that were flowing down my cheeks, and I hugged tightly to him. 
“I think I killed… her,” I told him. He took my head in his and wiped the tears from my cheeks tenderly. “Where is she at?” He asked. I pointed to her lifeless body as he started to walk that way. 
He kept me behind him as we reached her. I peeked around him to see her changing form.
“What is going on?” I asked disgusted. She was no longer the beautiful blonde-haired woman I had known. Her body was getting older by the second. Her lovely golden hair was now thin and gray. 
“She’s dead. Her bodies going back its natural form,” Daniel explained. I cried that much harder. I had wanted to kill her, but now that I had actually done it… my heart broke. I took someone’s life with my own hands. 
“Morgan, this is a part of what you do. It hurts so much because you are good. Her soul could not be saved. She was nothing but evil. You saved our lives, there was nothing else for you to do, trust me love.”
I heard footsteps and turned to see Kevin walking our way. “Phil got away with Addie. I couldn’t find them anywhere. What’s going on?” He asked stopping in front of us. Daniel moved us out of the way, so he could see Carmen’s dead body.
“That is… nasty. I knew she was old, but man… that is ancient and grotesque.” He looked at Daniel and then at me with a look of disgust on his face. 
“Looks like she got a few good licks on you, Juliet,” he said examining my face. “We have to get out of here before more come,” he continued looking at us. Daniel held my hand as we climbed up the stairs. Before long, we headed inside the overcrowded airport. Kevin told us to get our passes ready, so we could go straight through security and not fight the crowd. We passed through the metal detectors easily. Kevin held his pass up at the huge security guard that stopped us. Madison, Daniel, and I did the same, as he studied them all three closely. 
“Are you okay, Miss?” He asked me as he looked closely at my face. I bit my lip and took a deep breath. 
“The face, I know it looks bad, but it always happens when I train MMA. For some reason, the girls in Georgia can carry a punch. Oh well, they’ll go away, just in time for my fight,” I said with ease. I had never really been good at lying, and I was praying he would buy my story. 
“No problem. Southern girls are tougher than they look. Good luck with your fight,” he said letting us pass. 
I wiped the sweat that had beaded on my forehead; that was close. We followed Kevin through a series of hallways before exiting out a door that led us outside. We followed him until we reached a huge white Jet, and then he disappeared on-board. We followed up the steps and entered the huge aircraft. 
“Are you serious? This is amazing,” I said, looking around. The whole inside was white; White leather seats, white carpet and white walls. Red throw pillows accompanied each seat adding vivid color. Wood grain ran up the sides of the wall shining brightly. 
“This is my baby,” Kevin said proudly. I could see why; it was gorgeous. He walked through the narrow hallway and disappeared into the flight deck. Daniel and I sat down in two of the four seats. The soft leather instantly comforted my sore body. I took a few deep breaths to calm myself. Other than the fact that I had just taken a life, I had also never flown before, ever. This had me more nervous than I would like to admit.
“Juliet, come to the flight deck please,” Kevin’s voice boomed through the loud speaker. I looked over at Daniel and shrugged my shoulders before I stood up. I made my way to the front, noticing Madison was standing to the side in what looked to be a tiny kitchen. 
“I’m making lunch and a fresh pot of coffee. I figured you could use some,” she said scooping out coffee grinds. 
“Yeah, that sounds great,’ I said, before entering the flick deck. Kevin was in the pilot’s chair and motioned for me to take the copilot seat beside him. I sat down looking at all the glowing gadgets in front of me. Wow, they looked very complicated. 
Kevin stood up in front of me. He placed his hands on my face and started gently rubbing.
“What are you doing?” I questioned. It hurt at first, but slowly subsided. 
“Chill out. I am only healing your face. I didn’t have time to before. I figured it had to be hurting pretty bad about now,” he said slowly rubbing. I looked at him like he was crazy. 
“I’m a wizard, Juliet. It is the same thing I did to your back wound. Alright, all done,” he declared proudly. My hands immediately went to my face. No pain, I couldn’t feel any swelling. He handed me a small compact mirror. I held it up and looked at my reflection and there was nothing; no bruises or swelling. It looked like it had this morning, maybe a bit better actually.
“Wow… Thanks, Kevin,” I said, still examining it. He gave me a cocky smile and shrugged his shoulders. 
“It was nothing. Now get out of here.”
I helped Madison with the tray of sandwiches and coffee. She took hers to the flight deck to eat with Kevin, and I headed back to my seat. Daniel took the tray from me as I sat down. 
He brushed his hand across my face. “Much better,” he said taking a ham sandwich. We ate in silence before Kevin announced that we had been cleared for takeoff. Daniel pushed my head between my legs as we took off. It was a bit rough at first, becoming smoother once we were in the air. 
The day’s events wore me out. I curled in my seat, covering myself with the blanket Kevin had stored in the overhead compartment. As my head lay on Daniel’s strong shoulders, my eyes started to close.
I dreamt about Luke. We were standing in the middle of a split earth; he was on one side and me on the other. His eyes were blazing as he glared at me. The sky above us was dark, the night lit up by bright flames that had us surrounded. He reached out his hand, and suddenly I was by his side. Together we both dropped into the crack. 
I awoke screaming, the fear sending shivers down my spine. “It's okay, love; it was just a dream,” he whispered into my ear. His strong arms held me close. I knew it wasn‘t just a dream, it was a warning, as all my other dreams had been; something that I should be prepared for. Something we all should be prepared for. 
I told Daniel about it and about the feeling, it gave me. He didn’t try to tell me it was only a dream, we both knew better.
“It’s about to get really bad. Luke is beyond pissed, and I can only imagine, that the news of Carmen hasn’t set well with him. We’re not going to have long to prepare before he calls war.” 
I couldn’t help but think that I had been the one of was the cause of this. I had betrayed everyone, and then ultimately choose Daniel and my true destiny.
“What will happen when he declares war? I mean… how bad is it going to get??” I asked concerned. Daniel took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He didn’t answer my questions immediately, but when he did, my heart sank.
“There has only been one war between good and evil, and I wasn’t there to witness it; I have been told stories about it from time to time. I imagine that it is going to get that bad, if not worse. They want both you, and me gone. They do not want us to gain leadership. They will unleash all their powers,” he explained. 
“What do you mean by unleash all their powers?” 
He looked at me somberly. I could tell whatever it was; it was not going to be good. 
“Long ago Lucifer and his people found a way to create certain mythical creatures. You see; he had his best wizards and witches working on certain task. He wanted to create something so evil; he could only unleash it when we were in battle. One wizard, in-particular, Corbin, stumbled across a certain undead spell. It didn’t work at first, so they gathered more than enough humans to practice with over the years. Through time and patience, he figured out a way to create vampires. He couldn’t, however, find a way to make them contain themselves when not in battle. Their thirst was too powerful to control. They killed everyone they encountered, so Lucifer decided to keep them locked away. When the first battle began, they were released, and they were relentless. The only way they could be stopped, was through fire. Our people did not know, any of that at the time so; many were killed trying to protect the innocent people from these beasts. 
After the battle, Lucifer had Corbin make them come to him. Corbin being their creator was the only one who could do this. After they had them all locked away in a building, they then set it on fire, watching as it burnt to the ground. This is what they will do again when the time comes.”
It was hard to believe what he had just told me...Vampires; real vampires. That was crazy. I had already experienced enough for myself, to know that the things he said were true. No matter how hard it was for me to believe. 
“Do you think they will do that again?” I asked looking at him. 
“We believe they have already started. Many people have started to go missing all over the world since you have been gone, unexplained disappearances. There is just way too many for us to overlook. Our people are keeping a look out in each state, but have not been able to catch whoever is responsible. They are keeping themselves hidden very well. I know that it is only a matter of time before all hell breaks loose,” he said staring at me. I could feel his pain. We were supposed to protect all the innocent people upon this earth, and here they were disappearing right under our noses... My heart broke for the lives that had already been lost to the dark side. The ones who knew nothing about them and just wanted to live their lives as best they could. It was painful to think of all those who would undoubtedly be turned into heartless monsters. It made me want to run out and be superman; saving them all. Unfortunately, it didn’t work like that. I knew there was not anything I could do about it, but I prayed for the souls who had already been lost. 
I didn’t ask him any more questions. I knew that he was carrying the same weight on his shoulders that I was. I could tell by the look in his eyes, he felt the same way I did and wanted nothing more than just to save all he could. This is what our life would be like. We would carry the weight of all the lost innocent people on our shoulders. We could never escape the pain that it would cause.
 “Rise and shine sleepy heads. Just a couple more hours until we land in Ukraine, too bad we won’t get to see any of it though,” Kevin’s voice blasted through the speaker right by my head. 
I got up and went to the bathroom. It was excessively small, so I did my business getting out as fast as I could. I went straight to the coffee pot; thankfully, someone made a fresh pot. I poured two glasses and made my way back down the narrow aisle. 
“Here ya' go,” I said, handing one cup to Daniel. He took it and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
I don’t know how long we had been flying, but it had been long enough for me. I wanted to set my feet on solid ground. 
It wasn’t long before Kevin announced we would soon be there. I put the blankets and little pillows back in the overhead compartment. Sitting back down just in time as the plane started too descended. My head went into my lap, until the moment the wheels touched down. It was rough and bumpy making my stomach feel uneasy.
When we quit rolling Kevin and Madison made their way to us. Kevin hit a button, and the stairs started to fall down and soon after an older man walked on. 
“Hello,” he said nodding to Daniel, Madison and I. His face held a genuine smile and I instantly knew that he was good. Kevin handed him a large roll of money. The man then headed toward the flight deck. Kevin hit the button once more, and the stairs came back up.
“Um… who was that and why are we not getting off?” I asked curiously.
“Don’t worry, he works for us. He is going to take the Jet to a safe place. I am going to teleport us to the boat. That way, we don’t have to worry about anyone getting in our way. Once we are on the boat, I can instantly shield it. It is our safest bet,” Kevin explained. 
Daniel and I stood up as we all four formed a circle. Within seconds, we were landing on the boat. Kevin threw his hands up before moving. Once his shield was in place, he took the wheel and headed out. It didn’t take us very long with the way he drove. He pulled the boat into a wooden dock, and we exited. 
Apparently, his parents knew we were there; Kevin teleported us in as fast as he could. They had lifted the shield for us to get onto the island. I hadn’t been ready this time because I landed flat on my ass when I came down. Luckily, I landed on sand, so it didn't hurt too badly.
My eyes fell on a cliff above us, with what could only be called a castle sitting upon it; a beautiful rock castle. I took the hand Daniel extended. “This is the main house?” I asked bemused. I looked over at Madison, who held the same expression as I did.
“Awesome,” Madison remarked.
We followed Kevin up on a steep hill, lined with stepping-stones. He led us through a huge flower garden; even in December, everything was in full bloom; weird. 
“This is it,” Kevin said opening the door. I followed Daniel inside as my eyes lit up. I thought the outside was beautiful; the inside was insane. Mable floors shined underneath us and throughout the house as far as I could see. Walking through the foyer into the living room, where two grand staircases greeted us. The oak banisters looked hand carved complete with a carving of an angel greeting us at the bottom.
“Welcome,” said a woman’s voice. I turned to see Daniel’s parents standing behind us. They both looked much better than the last time I had seen them. The woman walked over to Daniel and me wrapping her thin arms around us both. 
“Morgan, this is my mother Mary,” Daniel said with a chuckle. The women pulled away and smiled brightly at us.
“Thank you for what you did for Alvin and me. I can’t even imagine how hard it was for you to leave Daniel, but you did. We are so thankful for your actions. We owe you our lives,” she said with tear-filled eyes. 
Daniel’s father walked over to her side and put his hand around her shoulder. It was a simple act of love that had my heart filling with joy, although the time I was away was riddled with acts I would rather forget; I would do it all over again to bring them all together.
“You don’t owe me anything. I’m just glad that Daniel now has you two back.” I said, smiling at them both.
They both smiled at me as I shook the hand Alvin extended. He didn’t say anything, but his warm smile comforted me. They were great people, and I was glad to get to meet them. Daniel was so much like both of them. Sweet and caring like his mother and strong and compassionate like his father. He was so happy; I don’t think the smile ever left his face. 
Mary ushered us into the massive kitchen insisting that we have lunch. I didn’t argue with her, I was absolutely starving.
“Can we help you with anything?” I asked as she rushed to the stove. She opened the lid and then quickly closed it back, but not before the delicious aroma hit my nose, making my mouth water instantly. 
“Of course not; I have it under control. You guys go sit down. It will be ready in just a few minutes,” she said cheerfully. 
Daniel handed me a cold bottle of water as I looked around the massive space. The appliances were all stainless steel; you could clearly see your reflection in them. They were so shiny. A huge island sat in the middle of the room; its black granite held plates and bowl. The walls were painted with reds and yellows all the way around. The oak dining room table sat on the far end, taking up the whole space. It looked like at least twenty people could easily sit and eat. 
“Wow,” I said as Daniel led me to the table. He pulled out my chair, and I took a seat. 
Alvin and Kevin carried bowls of steaming food, placing them in front of us. Madison took the seat to my left as Mary carried a perfectly baked golden turkey to the table. After they had all taken their seats, Alvin blessed the food. It was nice… it reminded me of when I was younger. My father would always say the blessing before we were allowed to touch the food, I missed those days.
“Dig in,” Mary announced placing bowls around. Mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, green beans, macaroni & cheese, rolls, and of course, the turkey, she’d prepared a feast. 
“Thank you so much,” I said, taking a bite of the juicy turkey. Oh, it was delicious. 
“We are just glad that you all made it safely,” she said smiling at us. They chatted throughout the meal, but I was too focused on eating. I hadn’t been this hungry ever. The chocolate cake that Mary brought out for dessert was scrumptious. It literally melted in my mouth; I think I might have moaned while taking the first bite. 

Chapter Eleven

After lunch, Mary showed Madison to her room. Kevin and Alvin were having a meeting, while Daniel showed me to our bedrooms. Of course, we couldn’t share a bedroom with each other, not with his parents here. Luckily, our bedrooms were right beside each other. 
I lay down on the canopy bed. It literally felt like I was lying on a pile of feathers; it was that soft. Daniel lay beside me pulling me into his sweet embrace. The electricity flowed between us like a raging river. 
“Are you okay?” He asked. I was more than okay with him by my side, but I knew he was asking about the events that had taken place on our way to get here.
“Yes, I am; it hurts my heart that I had to take someone’s life, but if I hadn’t taken hers, she would have taken mine.”
He pressed his luscious lips to mine, making my thoughts disappear. I climbed on top of him as our tongues found each other’s. His taste drove me insane. His hands roamed my back, leaving tingles in their path. Our kiss deepened as our passion exploded. Before I knew it, our clothes were laying on the floor as we came together as one. Our needs were too much to go slow and soon we both tumbled over the edge. 
“I love you,” I said as I held on to him tightly. He looked down at me letting his lips brush over mine. I felt him harden inside me as he brought his lips to my neck. 
We went slower this time savoring each moment. He held my hands on either side of my head as he laced his fingers with me. His tongue created amazing feelings within me as he traced it down my neck and found my breasts. He flicked his tongue over my nipple causing it to instantly harden. I softly moaned as he let his teeth graze over it; my body heated at his touch. My hands tangled in his silky hair as he switched to the other. My body lifted into him. He moaned loudly, his pace suddenly quickening. I matched it and soon I was tumbling over the edge. It was the most amazing feeling that I had ever had in my life.
He rolled off, gathering me in his strong arms. 
“You’re my angel,” he murmured. I smiled at his words as I held tightly to him. His love washed over me as I let my eyes close.
“I love you,” I whispered.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~
We all trained hard over the next couple of weeks. Things were getting worse as the days passed by in a rush. More people began disappearing; random murders began taking place in broad daylight. The war I knew had already begun.
I spent what little time I had left in the day working on Daniel’s birthday and Christmas present. I had Kevin help me get it done, and he assured me that Daniel would have it on Christmas day. 
I had just gotten out of the shower one morning when I heard a knock.
“Come in,” I said, buttoning my shirt. Mary entered the room looking rather cheery.
“Morgan, I have something for you.” I looked up at her, wondering what it could be. Mary and I had actually become close since I had arrived. She would tell me stories about my parents and the days they ruled. She showed me baby pictures of Daniel, much to his protest. She really was a great woman, and I had come to think of her as my second mother.
“If you have a minute, I would like to give you some things I found in the attic. I had forgotten they were there until Alvin, and I started pulling out some Christmas decorations,” she explained. I was intrigued and wondered what she could have found that she wanted to show me.
“Yeah, that‘ll be great, I‘m actually not training today. The boys are trying to teach Madison a few things.” I said as I smoothed out my shirt. She smiled brightly at me. 
“Oh, well, that’s just perfect then, come on,” she said, motioning for me to follow her. I walked behind her as she led me down the stairs and into her bedroom. She walked over to her huge four-poster bed, where a box sat on top of the flowered comforter.
“These are some things that your mother left for you. You see your parents actually lived here before you, and Logan was born. Then, they decided to raise you in the most normal way they could.  She wanted to make sure that you would one day receive these things, so she left them in my care. I promised her that I would one day give them to you,” she explained opening the box.
I walked over to the bed and took a seat beside her. She handed me a white photo album, and I began to flip through it. The first picture was of my mother and father on their wedding day. They both looked so young and extremely happy. They were the perfect couple. The next one was of my mother pregnant with Logan and me. She was beaming as she held her shirt up showing her rounded stomach. Tears filled my eyes as I looked at her.  There were more pictures of Logan and me at the hospital, at home, our first birthday and every other event that happened in our lives until their untimely passing.
“Your mother put that together for you shortly before she died. She wanted you to always be able to look and remember your family. She loved you and your brother more than the world.”
“I miss them all so much,” I said, looking at the last picture.  It was with all of us, at our favorite spot at the lake.
“Of course you do, honey. They were your family. My heart breaks for you and what you had to go through, you were just a little girl. Things happen for a reason though and their time had come. They were needed back in heaven, your brother, too.”
I thought about what she said. I always believed that everything happened for a reason, but I often wondered what that reason was. It seemed so unfair that they had to go, and I was left to pick up the pieces. That is not the easiest task when you're eight years old.
“Mary, why didn’t God take me?” She looked at me and shrugged her shoulders. 
“You have always been destined to lead the Warriors, Morgan. Your parents knew that before they even had you. Your parents were the strongest people that I have ever known. They passed that strength on to you.” 
“I sometimes wonder why. I mean… I believe in what I was born to do, I just sometimes wonder if I am the right one to do it. I have made so many mistakes already. I would have thought God would have picked someone who was better suited to lead.” 
Mary laughed at me; she actually laughed at me. I looked at her strangely, as she continued. 
“Morgan, child, who would you rather God had picked?”
I looked down at the photo album I still held and shrugged my shoulders. 
“I don’t know, just someone who was closer to perfect, I guess.”
She looked at me with a more serious expression. Her eyes held the age that her face did not. 
“Morgan, there is no one on this Earth, who is one hundred percent perfect, we all have our downfalls, and we all struggle sometimes. God has never asked us to be more than who we are. He knows our hearts, and that is all he needs. I would be lying if I told you that we don’t all make mistakes. We do, then we pick ourselves back up, and we try harder. This is your destiny because you are strong and brave, kind, and compassionate. You care more about others than you do yourself. When you chose to leave Daniel behind and give yourself to your very enemy, just to save people you didn’t even know, that showed your character.”
“I did things that will stay with me forever, Mary. I betrayed Daniel and his trust; I joined forces with the enemy.” I said, throwing my hands up. 
“Look at me,” she commanded. “Things happen. You did what you had to do. It was not your fault that Edmund put that spell on you, and you fell for the slimy snake. I’m not saying that he didn’t have some feelings for you, but he was a snake. Daniel does not hold that against you, in fact, he has already put that in the past. You did the same when you found out about his past. Things happen in life that we wish we could take back. It makes you stronger; it carves your path in this world. You have your soul mate standing right beside you, be thankful for that,” she said patting my arm.
I found comfort in her words. I would put my past behind me and learn from my mistakes. I was thankful that I had someone like Daniel, someone who would forgive me before I forgave myself. He was my rock, my angel, my life. 
She handed me a small white envelope. My name was the only thing written on it. I instantly recognized my mother’s elegant handwriting. 
“What is this?” I asked. My hands were trembling as I held the envelope. 
“Your mother gave this to me a few days before the accident. She had been warned that she didn’t have much time left here on earth, and she wanted to leave you this,” she explained. 
She stood up and walked to the door. “I think I’ll go get us some tea.” She walked out, and I knew that she was giving me time to read it by myself. I slowly opened the envelope and took out the folded papers. I took a deep breath and unfolded the white paper. 


My Dearest Daughter,

I love you more than I could ever put into words. The day I gave birth to my wonderful babies was the happiest day for both your father and me. My heart has been broken, not because we have to leave, but because I have to leave my princess. You are so young. I know that, as you read this, you have grown up to be a beautiful and strong young woman. You have a great future ahead of you, and you will go on to be the greatest leader we have ever had. 
I am writing you this because I want you to know how much your father, and I love you. We may not be able to be with you physically, but please know that we will always be watching over you. Your life will not be easy. However, you will surge through, this, I have no doubt. 
I am sure by now that your destiny has been revealed to you, and I know that it is a lot to take in. What you will go on to do for the Warriors will not be an easy task. It will test your very soul. There will be times that you want to give up, don’t. Follow your heart and believe that no matter what, you can get through it. God does not give us more than we can bear. Not to say it will be easy, it will not. However, my dear child, you are so very strong.
It also hurts my heart that Logan will leave this earth when we do. Yes, I do know that he will join your father and me in heaven when our time on earth is up. As your destiny is to lead the angel’s army on earth, he is to lead in heaven. He will be your guardian angel, always watching over you. Take comfort in knowing that you will have the greatest protection on earth, as in heaven. 
You mean more to us than you will ever know. My best advice for you, would be, to always follow your heart. Trust your intuition and never lose faith in God. He will always be there for you. 
Live your life to the fullest. Find joy in the things that are easily overlooked. Trust in your heart, love to the fullest, for it is the greatest of all. Trust in yourself even when you feel like giving up. You are stronger than even you know. There are going to be times that will test your strength. Fulfilling your destiny will not be easy, but you are the chosen one.  No one can break you; remember that. I love you, Sweetheart.

					                All my love,
							Mom


Tears spilled onto the letter as I read her last words. How it must have felt to know that you would have to leave your child behind, to know that one would be going with you. I had so much respect for my parents. I would live by my mother’s words. I would live my life to the fullest. I would be the best at everything I would do, and I wouldn’t let anyone take me down. I would love beyond measure and I would give my heart fully and solely to Daniel. I realized, at that moment, that the past has been just that… the past. It helped shape you into who you are. It made you stronger and wiser. 
Mary soon returned with tea in tow. She handed me a cup, and I graciously accepted it. The hot liquid soothed my dry throat as it glided down.
“I also found something that may come in handy one day,” she said, walking to her closet. She pulled out a long black bag that was hanging in front. Walking over, she handed it to me. 
I stood and sat my tea on the bedside table. I slowly unzipped the bag, wondering what could be inside. White lace caught my eye as I spread the bag apart. It was a beautiful lacy white dress, and I pulled it out to examine.
“Is this my mother’s wedding dress?” I asked, looking at it in amazement. It was the most stunning dress I had ever seen. It was a sleeveless halter style dress made up of solid lace, with tiny diamonds sparkling all the way around the bust. I held it up to my body wondering what I would look like wearing it.
“That is the very dress that your mother designed and wore on her wedding day. She truly looked like an angel walking down the aisle,” Mary said lost in thought.
“She designed this? It’s absolutely amazing,” I said, mesmerized. Mary stood looking at me with a big smile on her face. 
“I found it the other day, and I thought you would love to have it. Maybe someday you will wear it to your own wedding.” 
I smiled at the thought of walking down the aisle in the same dress my mother had, walking toward my future, toward my soul mate. Yes, when I got married, this would be the dress I would wear.
“Thanks, Mary, this is so great. It’s nice to have a little piece of my mother with me.” 
I put the dress back in the bag and zipped it up. I turned toward her and hugged her tightly. I was thankful that someone had held onto all these things for me. 
“I know how much you miss your family. You have such a strong soul, Morgan. I know it is not the same, but you are a part of our family now. We love you very much, and my son is head over heels in love with you. It’s so good to see young love bloom.”
“I love Daniel with my whole heart, just as I have come to love all of you. It’s nice to be a part of a family again,” I said, releasing her. 
We finished our tea before we parted. I headed outside walking through the garden. The beautiful Coralberry, Christmas roses, and Snowdrops were the few I could name. Splashes of color were everywhere as I walked through and headed for the cliff. I rubbed my arms from the sudden chill in the air. I stood at the edge and looked out at the Black Sea. It was beautiful. I inhaled the cool winter air and closed my eyes. I felt at peace standing here. I felt warm hands come around me, and my heart started beating. 
“You’re going to freeze out here,” Daniel said holding me close. I opened my eyes and took in this amazing view with my love. He slid his jacket off and wrapped it around me. I turned to him and smiled warmly while I took in his beautiful smiling face. He was perfect.
“You’re amazing,” I said, brushing my lips to his. “What are you doing out here? Did Madison learn anything?” 
“I was actually looking for you. Mom wants to put up the decorations, and she has to have us all involved; it is a family tradition, to have everyone help. Afterwards, we get to help her bake Christmas cookies,” he said winking. I laughed at his expression. 
“Madison learnt about as much as I can teach and then Kevin started working with her. She’s not really cut out to be a fighter,” he said the last park with a chuckle. I nodded my head, wishing I could have been there to see her trying. She was a great girl, but fighting was not her forte.
We headed back inside together. Mary and Alvin were in the living room already starting on the huge pine tree. 
“Pick a box and hang,” Alvin said. I laughed at the look on his face. There must have been fifty boxes filled with Christmas decorations. Daniel and I picked one and started hanging random ornaments. Daniel and Alvin hung them on the top while Mary and I hung ours lower. The tree had to be at least ten feet tall and just as wide. 
I laughed so hard at the stories, they each told of past Christmases. They were a close family, and their love for each other radiated from them. When we finally had all the ornaments on the tree, Alvin plugged in the lights. We stood back to look at our creation. I smiled brightly as I looped my arm through Daniels. 
“Perfect, we just need the topper,” Mary said. She walked over to a box sitting beside the couch. She pulled out a figure wrapped in tissue paper. After freeing it from the paper, she handed the beautiful dark-haired angel to Alvin. 
“Finish the tree, dear,” she said happily.
He placed the small ladder on the wall and climbed up. He placed the smiling angel on top of the tree perfectly. The tree, with all its ornaments, glowed under the angel watching over it. 
Kevin and Madison joined us shortly after just in time to help prepare the cookies. I had dough all over my face, as did Daniel. We spent the next couple of hours cooking tasty treats and simply enjoying each other. 
“These are the most amazing cookies I have ever tasted.”
“Well now you know how to make them,” Mary said biting into a Christmas tree.
We gathered round the dining room table, doing nothing but spending time together as a family. I would remember that night forever. I felt complete again in every way, shape, and form. I thanked God that night for bringing such an amazing man and his family into my life. 
The next few days were spent helping Mary in the kitchen. I learned from Daniel, that she went all out for Christmas. She had already prepared more food than I had ever seen. She loved it though, and Madison and I had a great time helping her. We danced around to the Christmas songs blaring on her little radio. 
When we turned in that night, I was beat. I climbed into my soft bed and slid under the cover exhausted.
~*~*~*~*~*~
The breeze drifted through the open window waking me up. I jumped out of bed and ran over, shutting it closed. It was chilly, so I ran back to bed once it was shut. I pulled the cover-up to my neck just as Daniel walked in.  He was already dressed for the day and carrying two cups of steaming coffee with him. The aroma perked me up as it reached my nostrils. 
“Good morning, Love. I thought you could use this, with all the cooking were about to be forced into doing.”
I sat up and leaned my back against the cold baseboard of the bed. I pulled the cover to me before I accepted the cup Daniel offered. I closed my eyes as the delicious hot liquid warmed my insides. 
“You’ve already got me spoiled,” I said as he climbed into bed beside me. I rubbed his leg as I continued to drink.
“I could spoil you, every day for the rest of my life, and it wouldn’t be enough,” he said eyeing me. I smiled at the thought of every day spent with him. 
“Please don’t tease me, I could spend my forever just staring at you,” I whispered. I had not meant to let that come out, but oh well it was the truth. He smiled brightly before jumping up.
“Get dressed and come on down, breakfast will be done shortly,” he said rushing out. 
Okay… that was weird. Maybe he didn’t want me spending forever staring at him. I shook the thought from my head and headed for the shower. Although brief, the hot water helped relax me as always. I added a little makeup and blow-dried my hair. I pulled on a red sweater and jeans, slipped into my shoes and headed downstairs. I heard chatter the moment I got downstairs and the wonderful aroma had my mouth watering. 
Chapter Twelve

“Good morning,” I said, walking into the kitchen. Mary and Alvin were busy by the stove while Madison was sitting the table. 
“Can I help with anything?” I asked, feeling the need to do something. 
“We’ve got it covered, but thanks for asking. Would you like some coffee?” Alvin asked pointing to the freshly brewed pot. I couldn’t turn it down, so I headed over and poured my second cup. I was going to have to stop drinking so much, even though it was my drink of choice.
Kevin and Daniel made their way in just as breakfast was being put on the table. Daniel sat beside me and took my hand as Alvin said grace. I filled my plate with bacon, eggs, as well as some sliced fruit. We all ate in silence for the first time since I could remember. Everyone was acting weird, and I wondered what was going on. 
After breakfast, I volunteered to help clean up. After piling the dishes on the counter, I began to wash them. 
“What’s going on, Mary?” I asked. I decided that asking her, would get me as close to the truth as I could get.
“We are cleaning up, dear.” She simply stated.
I looked up at her while she took the clean dish from my hand and began to dry.
“That’s not what I meant. Why is everyone acting weird around me?” I asked staring at her.
She looked over at me and smiled, her warm eyes showing nothing but innocence. 
“There is nothing going on, Morgan. We are all just getting ready for Christmas. Kevin and Daniel have gone to get Kevin’s parents from the Jet, and they should be back soon. You are going to love them.”
She was avoiding telling me something. I let the subject drop since she insisted that nothing out of the ordinary was going on. Maybe it was just me. I was definitely excited to meet Kevin’s parents. They had left with some of the others right before we had arrived. They had to gather information on what was going on all over the world and had set up meetings in every state, Kevin told me.  I wondered if they were anything like him. If so, they would certainly be entertaining. 
I finished washing the dishes and went to find Madison. She was sitting in her bedroom wrapping a something in candy cane wrapping paper. 
“What are you up to?” I asked taking a seat on the bed. She placed the last piece of tape on the paper and added a few colorful bows. 
“I am finishing wrapping Kevin’s present. What are you doing?” She asked, focused on the placement of her bows. 
I felt guilty for not spending much time with her since I had been back, but I knew she was all wrapped up with Kevin, just as I was with Daniel. 
“I just wanted to spend some time with you, like the old days. I know we haven’t really had a chance to do that recently.” She looked up at me and set the present aside. 
“Things have been so busy. You are like this warrior princess or something now. I’m sorry about what all happened to you when you were gone,” she said sympathetically. 
“Thanks… It’s taken some time for me to put that in the past and forgive myself. I’m just glad that Daniel loves me enough to forgive me.”
She smiled her perfect smile at me. “Yeah, he’s head-over-heels in love with you. It’s great to see both of you so happy.”
“So how are you and Kevin? It seems things are pretty serious between you two.” It was rare to see one of them without the other these days.
“Not as serious as you and Daniel, but we’re good. He makes me feel like no one ever has. There is just something so special about him, I love him, Morgan,” she said happily.
I couldn’t help but smile at her. It was good to see her so happy and with Kevin… that was great. It looked like he had finally found the one he had been looking for all these years.
“I’m so happy for the both of you,” I said honestly. I hugged her before she went back to Kevin’s present. I decided to go and finish wrapping the presents I had. 
Kevin had delivered Daniel’s present yesterday and thankfully; it was already wrapped. Actually, most of the ones that I had ordered had already been wrapped, good thing for internet shopping. I started wrapping Alvin and Mary’s presents; I got Mary a series of cookbooks by some uppity chef whom she loved, and I got Alvin a new telescope. He had mentioned, a while ago, that his had finally broken, so I thought I would get him a replacement. 
I ordered Kevin the newest iPad since he was into all that electronic stuff. Madison was easy… I just ordered her a new outfit. I ordered some elegant wine for Kevin’s parents, and I placed both bottles in the fancy wine bags that came with them… Finished. That wasn’t so bad.
Madison came and got me when they had finally arrived. She rushed down the stairs, with me following slowly behind her. I heard laughter coming from the kitchen, and since that was where Mary had been glued for days, I figured that they were all gathered in there. 
I walked in just in time to see Madison gather a tall slender woman in her arms. I laughed at the look on the woman’s face. Her gray hair spilled over her shoulders and her blue eyes were just as piercing as her sons were. Her pretty face was lined with wrinkles, and I wondered just how old she really was. I thought Madison was going to squeeze the air out of her before she finally let go. The woman smiled warmly at her. “It is very nice to finally meet you, Madison.” Madison beamed her winning smile at the woman. “It’s a pleasure to finally get to meet you,” Madison replied.
“Morgan Grace Bailey,” the woman said, making her way over to where I stood. I smiled as she stopped in front of me. 
“You are a spitting image of Tessa. It is a pleasure to meet you… I’m Geneva,” she said, holding her hand out to me. She closed her eyes as she took my hand. She stood there for a second, a slow smile spreading across her wrinkled face. 
“Ah, you are a strong little thing, aren’t you?” She asked staring at me. Kevin stepped to our side.
“Please excuse my mother, Juliet. She has the ability to see things through touch; it’s her trademark,” he explained. 
“And you, child, are stronger than you look,” she said before Kevin pulled her away. 
I laughed as he took her and stood her by Mary. “You could have explained to her, what you could do before just doing it. And yes, she is a lot stronger than she looks,” he said with a sense of pride.
I put my hand over my mouth as I watched their interaction. Yes, Kevin was a lot like his mother.
“I didn’t do anything wrong, and I said she was stronger than she looks,” she sneered, throwing up her hands.
Kevin just shook his head as she eyed him. It was hysterical to see someone put him in his place as only a mother could do. 
“I like to think I can hold my own,” I said, when she looked back at me. “Yes, I can see that you are quite the feisty one. I think that your Daniel has finally met his match,” she said turning to Mary.
Mary simply nodded and replied with a smile “Yes…yes he has.” 
Just then, a man who fit my first assumption of a wizard walked through the back door with Alvin. He had a full on white beard that hung down his chest and long white hair much like Geneva’s. The only thing he was missing was a flowing purple robe. I let a chuckle escape at the image I had in my head and then what Kevin’s father looked like. Kevin and Daniel looked over at me smiling; they knew exactly what I was thinking.
“Hello, everyone,” his raspy voice bellowed.
He captured Mary in a bear hug before doing the same to Madison. He turned toward me and smiled as big as he could.
“Is this our fearless leader? Awful little thing, you are,” he said making his way toward me. I reached out my hand only to have him knock it away. He grabbed me in his big arms and squeezed.
“It is a pleasure to finally, get to meet you, Morgan. I have heard nothing but great things about you, I‘m Murray,” he said with a tilt of his head.
I smiled up at him genuinely. “It’s a pleasure to meet you as well,” I said as he beamed his smile at me.
 We spent the evening cooking and chatting among each other. Madison and I baked more cookies, while Mary and Geneva tackled the big stuff. The men sat around the table and discussed what all was going on. 
The attacks had seemed to stop over the last few days. Murray and Alvin felt this was a bad sign. They thought that the Black Mass had gathered all the people they would need and were now making plans on the best way to bring us to them. 
“Their main priority at this point in time is to capture Morgan. She is their main target. We are all prepared to fight, and we will not let that happen,” Murray was saying. Daniel slammed his fist on the table, causing it to crack.
“Do they honestly think that they can just get to her that easily?” He asked angrily.
Kevin waved his hands across the crack, and it began to disappear.  “If we’re being honest, then we all know that isn’t the reason they want her now. For Luke, he sees nothing but betrayal and to the other’s, she managed to take out a very seasoned witch,” Alvin said looking at his son.
“So they are just going to start this battle because Luke’s pissed she didn’t choose him? That is bullshit, and you know it. Why would they go through all this trouble to just capture her?” Daniel asked looking around. 
Murray got up from the table as he paced back and forth.
“You don’t have the whole story, Daniel. Morgan, won’t you come and take a seat; you need to be in on this discussion as well.”
I washed the sticky dough from my hands and made my way over to the table, taking a seat across from Daniel. Murray grabbed the pot of coffee and brought it to the table before going back to get an extra cup for me. He filled the cups before he took the empty pot back. Geneva was already getting ready for another pot.
He took his seat back at the table and sipped his coffee. “The thing is… you know that they don’t want you together because of the power you will create once you are leaders. You two will be the strongest we have ever had. What you don’t know is that it was never thought that Morgan would make it.”
My mouth dropped when I heard him say that. “What do you mean; it was never thought that I would make it?” I asked, more than curious. 
He looked at me straight on. “I mean, it was always believed that you would stand beside Luke, that you would be co-leader of the Black Mass. You see some of us have the ability to see the future. However, the future can always change, so no one was ever able to say for certain if this were the outcome or not, but it has been feared by many.”
I looked over at Daniel and our eyes instantly met.
 “Your future has already changed, Love… the day you meet me,” his smooth voice floated in my head. 
“Were Daniel and I ever meant to be together?” I asked curiously. I knew that he was my soul mate and that our love could get us through anything, but I wondered if they had seen him in my future.
“You and Daniel are exactly where you are meant to be; you are soul mates and have found each other. We never knew who your soul mate was. That is not something that we could possibly see. Soul mates have to unite on their own and when they do, well, you just know. Sometimes, people can search their whole lives for the love that you two share and never find it. There is a certain person out there for everyone. Sometimes their love and connection is so strong that they find each other earlier on in life, other times it is simply overlooked in the wrong places,” Alvin explained. 
I felt relieved at his answer. I knew that we were meant to be. I couldn’t explain how I knew; I just did. Even though I had joined Luke once before, there was no way I could or would ever do it again, I would die first.
“What about my future now? Has anyone seen anything different since I meet Daniel? I asked looking around the table. 
Geneva walked over and took a seat beside me. “It has always been the same, even after you meet Daniel. That was until just a while ago. You see, I am one of a few, who have the ability to see into the future. I have been the one looking into yours for years. It had always shown you standing beside Luke as his queen, but when I first meet you and when I took your hand in mine, I was instantly shown something different. You were now standing beside Daniel and leading the warriors. You were very strong, and I could feel the love you and Daniel share radiating from you both. You were with us,” she said happily.
I smiled at her feeling comforted by her vision. “So, why do you think that the vision suddenly changed?” 
“My theory is that what I was seeing was when Luke held you captive. You did join his side right?” 
I felt ashamed and embarrassed that I had betrayed not only the warriors, but most of all Daniel. I didn’t like being reminded of what I had done to him, even though I knew, it was in the past and that we all made mistakes. 
“I did,” I simply answered with my head down.
She placed her hand on my shoulder. “Morgan, you did what you had to do. Otherwise, you might not have made it back to us and back to Daniel. We all understand. I know you don’t want to remember your time with Luke, but it is a part of you now. Don’t be ashamed, no one here is judging you.” 
She was right. Everyone here had been nothing, but supportive. I would not let it eat away at me. 
“Anyway, I believe that you were strong enough to break your ties with Luke and risk your life for the one who holds your heart. When you chose to stay with Luke, only to save Daniel, you made the ultimate sacrifice. You were willing to risk your life for him. In return, you chose goodness over evil. That one choice altered your future. Now you are where you are supposed to be,” she said smiling.
“That’s not to say that they aren’t going to try to get you back. That is what they are doing by starting this war. They still think that they can change your mind,” Murray put in. 
“But how do they even know about my future?” 
“We have had some traders over the years, dear. They grow tired of being good and leave. Most go off and live alone, while some have chosen to join with the dark forces. They do not have the advantage of knowing what we do now, so they still think that they can get to you,” Murray explained. 
I closed my eyes and tried to process all this information. My mind was on overload. 
“How about we enjoy some of Morgan and Madison’s delicious cookies and talk about this after Christmas. This is our time to celebrate, let’s not let them ruin it for us,” Mary cheerfully said carrying a silver platter of cookies. 
Madison brought plastic cups and a gallon of milk over to the table. We enjoyed great conversation, each sharing stories from our past, just like we had done while decorating the tree.
 Daniel disappeared for a few minutes; he returned looking somewhat flushed and avoided my gaze altogether. He looked at Kevin and nodded. I wondered what was going on and why he had been so distant with me today. Suddenly, everyone started yawing in unison and excused themselves from the table. Only Daniel and I remained. 
“That was odd,” I said slowly.
I looked up at Daniel, who looked like he was going to be sick. “Are you okay?” I asked concerned. He looked at me and half smiled, wiping the sweat from his forehead. 
“Oh… uh… of course, I’m fine. I think I ate too many cookies. Do you want to take a walk with me? I think some fresh air is exactly what I need,” he said standing up. He reached out his hand and I took hold. We walked, quietly, out into the night. The cold air felt good after being in a stuffy kitchen all afternoon. The moonlight spilled light down on us and the stars brightly shined high in the sky. It was a gorgeous night. Looking at my watch, I noted it was just past midnight. I wished Jesus a happy birthday before turning to Daniel. 
“Happy birthday,” I said, making him stop, so I could brush a kiss across his cold lips. He smiled at me already looking much better than moments before. Maybe he did need some fresh air. 
“I love you,” he whispered. His breath fell on my ear, sending shivers down my body. 
We continued to walk and headed for the garden. I froze when I saw all the bright lights, glowing, around us. There must have been millions of tiny white lights glowing. 
“Who did this? It’s amazing,” I said in wonder. 
“Actually, I did it for you. I thought you would love to see the garden when it’s all lit up. My heart filled again with amazing love and joy to have him in my life. 
“It’s perfect.” We walked quietly through the garden, filled full of lights and made our way over to the cliff; it had become our favorite spot. We stood there in the silence and enjoyed the amazing view. The lights from the garden illuminated the calm Sea and created a magnificent moment.
I felt Daniel’s arms slip away from my waist and I turned to see why he had moved them.
What was he doing? Oh, was he, kneeling? He was, he was kneeling on one knee and looking up at me with that gorgeous face of his. My heart started pounding so hard I thought it would literally jump out of my chest; I couldn’t breathe. Was he doing, what I thought he was doing? 
He licked his lips and took a deep breath, letting it exhale before he started to speak.
“Morgan, my love, my heart, my soul, I love you beyond words and beyond measure. You have brought more into my life than I ever thought was possible. I have been blessed, to know you and to have you in my life. You are my best friend, my soul mate, my one true love. You are my always and my forever. I couldn’t imagine life without you in it. I want you standing by my side forever. My life wouldn’t be complete without you,” he paused, pulling out a blue box. He opened the lid before he continued. 
“I want to put this ring on your finger never to take off. I am asking you, my love, if you will spend the rest of your life with me, love me, guide me, and stand beside me. It would make me the happiest man in this world, and I promise that I will never take you for granted. Morgan Grace Bailey, will you marry me?” 
I couldn’t see through the tears that had pooled in my eyes, before they eventually spilled over, running down my face like a river. I struggled to catch my breath so I could answer him.
“Yes,” I finally managed to get out. He stood up and grabbed me in a passionate embrace. He brushed soft kisses all over my face. I wiped the tears from my eyes and cheeks, as I held onto him as tightly as I could.
He took my hand and slowly slid the ring on my finger. His eyes were glistening with tears as he pulled me into him. His mouth found mine passionately, and we stood locked together. I don’t think that I could have held on to him any tighter than I was. The man who held my heart and soul, the one who I loved more than I ever knew possible, had just asked me to marry him. To spend the rest of my life with him, yes, I was in bliss. 
We stood at our spot on the cliff, embracing each other. I didn’t want to let go, but it soon became too cold for us to stay outside. With one last breathtaking kiss, we headed back in.
He lifted me in his arms once the door was closed and carried me up to my bedroom. He shut and locked the door, before walking over to the bed. We both fell onto it, locked in each other’s arms.
Our kisses were like fire, hot to the touch. My body shook from the electricity pulsating between us. I had never before experienced this kind of need. I needed him; my body needed him. Every kiss held me on edge. Our clothes quickly became piles on the floor, and I cried out when he entered me fully. The sensation was overwhelming; the need became more than I could bear. Our bodies danced rhythmically together as one. My nails dug into his back as he brought me closer to my climax. We kissed fervently before we both cried out and an explosion of fireworks exploded between us our bodies released. 
“That… was… the… greatest… thing… I… have… ever… experienced,” Daniel said out of breath.
I smiled as he laid his head upon my chest; our bodies still joined together, with my legs were still tightly wrapped around his waist. I wanted this moment to be seared into my memory. I never wanted to forget what we had just experienced with each other.
“I love you,” I whispered. He raised his head up and looked at me. He rose up on his elbows and brushed the hair out of my face. 
“I love you too. I can’t wait to spend forever with you.” My insides tingled at the thought of forever with him. 
His lips softly brushed my cheek as we stared blissfully at each other... His arm lay across my waist. I didn’t even look at the ring when he proposed; my eyes blinded by tears; so I raised my hand up and finally looked at the ring he had placed on my finger.  
I gasped when I actually saw it. It was the most amazing piece of jewelry I had ever seen. 
“Do you like it?” He asked. 
It sparkled like nothing I had ever seen before. The center of the ring was a square cut white diamond, with tiny diamonds encircling it. The platinum band was split on the sides making two lines that were covered in diamonds half-way down. It joined at the end to make one. Diamonds literally covered every possible spot except for the back. 
“It’s absolutely magnificent,” I said, admiring it. He held me closer and nuzzled my neck.
“I designed it myself,” he said proudly. We kissed deeply as we lay intertwined in the soft bed. That was the happiest moment in my entire life. I loved Daniel more than I could ever put into words, and the thought of spending forever with him made a smile spread across my face. 
~*~*~*~*~*~

I awoke from a dreamless sleep the next morning. The sun sprayed the room through the open curtains as I smiled looking at my hand. I was engaged to the man I loved more than anything in the world.  I looked around for Daniel, but didn’t see him. I closed my eyes, hearing the shower running. I tossed the blanket off me and made my way to the bathroom. The steam of hot water hit me as soon as I entered. I pulled my clothes off and tossed them into the hamper. I walked over to the shower and opened the door.
“Good morning,” I said, eyeing his naked body. He certainly was a sight to see. His muscles glistened, as the water cascaded down. He left me breathless. I moved closer and took the soap from his hands. I remembered him doing the same thing to me when we had reunited. I lathered the soap in my hands and set it aside. I brought my hands to his chiseled stomach, sliding them up and down slowly.
“Happy birthday,” I said, looking into his eyes. He licked his lips and closed his eyes as my hand slid lower. 
~*~*~*~*~*~*~

“That was the best birthday present I have ever received,” he said, handing me my plush white robe. We had stayed in the shower until the water ran cold, freezing cold. 
“Mmm… my pleasure, I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did,” I said, smiling widely at him. He caught me in his arms, hugging me tightly. I closed my eyes and hoped that through the years our passion would remain just the way it was today. 
“I know I’ve said this a million times, but you are the most amazing person in my life. I would do anything for you.”
“I would have to say the same about you. You are my life Daniel, now, forever and always. It’s always been you and me.”
Yes, we are truly, where we were meant to be. Together we could take on anything, and I firmly believed that.
Once I had finished with my hair and makeup, I walked into the bedroom to get dressed. Daniel was pulling on his black slacks as I walked in. I walked over to the closet and pulled out his gift. 
“Now, Merry Christmas,” I said, handing it to him. He smiled and walked over to the bed and took a seat. I walked into the closet to find some something to wear while he opened it. I wanted him to read it without me hovering over him. I had compiled a book for him. It had pictures of us, and I had written down my feelings, straight from the heart, it was all there. Kevin turned it into a hard cover for me. I hoped he didn’t think it was too corny.
I pulled my gray slacks from the hangers, slipping them on under the robe. I looked through the rest of the closet for a blouse to wear. I was thankful that Mary had stocked me up on clothes before I had even got here. Madison and I had also ordered tons off the internet one night when we had been bored. 
I picked the sliver blouse that Madison had picked out and ordered for me. I undid the robe before I pulled it over my head. It fit perfectly. The V-neck wasn’t too deep, only highlighting my chest, instead of my boobs spilling out. 
I looked in the mirror hanging on the door and was satisfied with my choice. I walked out just as Daniel closed the book. He looked at me as a tear slid down his cheek. I walked over to where he sat and stood in front of him. 
His arms slid around my waist, and he laid his head against my stomach. “Thank you,” he said moving his head to look up at me. “I hope you realize just how wonderful you are, Morgan. I know that you have been through a lot over the last year and even before that with the loss of your family. You are the strongest woman I have ever met, and you don’t even know it. I can’t wait for us to start our lives together as husband and wife. You are everything to me."
His words warmed my heart more than he could ever have known. For some reason, I think I needed to hear those words from him. To have someone love me unconditionally, no matter what had happened while I was away, he still loved me with his whole heart. He had given me so much and I still had so much to look forward too. Was it possible to be this in love? To give yourself fully to someone and still receive all the love they had… it was the most amazing feeling I had ever felt in this lifetime. I didn’t think things could get any better than this.
“You have changed my whole world in every possible way. I am yours, all of me. I love you more with every breath, I take, Daniel. You have given me your love, your heart and soul, and I promise to cherish them all for the rest of my life. I will never again hurt you in any way.”
He stood up with his arms still around me. We stared deep into each other’s eyes before we kissed. We pulled apart before things got out of hand again, and we didn’t make it to breakfast. Somehow, things just managed to go further with just one kiss. I guess that was a good thing though and one I was defiantly loving it.
We walked hand in hand down the stairs and into the living room. I wondered if anyone was up yet. I didn’t hear any voices coming from the kitchen as we made our way there. I glanced at the clock on the wall. 8:00...yep everyone should be out of bed by now. I didn’t even realize we had walked into the kitchen, until I heard “Congratulations,” being shouted as heads popped into view. 
I started laughing when they threw paper confetti on us. We were greeted with hugs from everyone. Mary started to cry looking at my ring. 
“I am just so happy for the both of you. You are perfect for each other. My baby is getting married and I will gain a wonderful daughter,” she said hugging me tightly. 
I smiled knowing that I was going to gain a great family to call my own. Madison grabbed my hands before Mary even let me go. 
“It’s huge and gorgeous and beautiful and huge,” she went on and on. I laughed when she would not let my hand go. 
Mary released me and finally, so did Madison. I looked around the room as the men gathered around Daniel giving him advice.
“She’s always going to be right,” Murray said. “Always help with the dishes,” Alvin chimed in. Daniel laughed at both of them and made his way back to me.
“I think they are happy,” he said looking around. “Yeah, so am I,” I replied. 
We all sat down to what I would call an enormous breakfast. Mary and Geneva cooked just about everything in the breakfast category. It was delicious as always. By the time we were all done, I wondered how in the world, I would be able to eat any dinner. 
We all helped clean up, heading into the living room to open presents afterwards. The bottom of the tree was filled with wrapped boxes, and Alvin handed them out. 
I thanked Alvin and Mary for the beautiful locket, they gave to me. Kevin and I both laughed as we opened our exchanged gifts. He had gotten me the new iPhone and I had gotten him the new iPod. 
“I guess great minds think alike,” he said laughing. 
Daniel handed me a gift and smiled. “From me,” he said looking at me lovingly. I slowly tore into the paper to find a silver picture frame. I smiled brightly seeing the ticket stubs from our first date inside. Above them, it read, “This is where true love was found.” 
I threw my arms around his neck. “This is awesome. I love it, thank you,” I said. 
After we were all done and the mounds of paper disposed of, Alvin asked us to gather back in the living room.
“We are blessed to have such an amazing family to celebrate this day with, but let’s not forget what this day really is, Happy Birthday Jesus,” he said closing his eyes. We all shouted the same and, silently, I thanked God for everything that he had done for us all. 
We spent the day together eating and celebrating. It was the best Christmas I had in such a long time. After dinner, Daniel and I put on our coats and took a walk. The stars were brightly shining in the sky, and we slowly walked around the garden before we stopped at our spot on the cliff. There was just something so peaceful about the Sea and being able to look down upon it was amazing. 
“So, when do you want to get married,” Daniel asked. He held me close, my back pressed into him. 
“Hum… I haven’t really thought about it. What do you think?” His arms tightened around me. 
“How about, in the next couple of days?” He asked turning me to face him. I thought he was joking at first, but his expression said he wasn’t.
“You want to get married in like two days? How is that even possible?” I asked puzzled. 
He brushed his cold lips against mine. My arms went around his neck and tangled in his hair. He pulled away and looked at me lovingly.
“We love each other and we both want to get married, so why wait. Either my mother or my father could perform the ceremony. They are angels and we could do it right here, on our spot. What do you say?”
I couldn’t believe that he was asking me to get married in two days, but I wouldn’t have it any other way. I didn’t see any reason, not to. I already had my mother’s wedding dress here. We had someone to perform the ceremony, so there was absolutely no reason for us to wait any longer. 
“Yes, let’s do it,” I said enthusiastically. He lifted me up off the ground and twirled me around. 
We headed inside and found his parents first. We asked them if they would perform the ceremony for us, and Mary started to cry. Alvin patted her back lovingly. 
“We would be honored to be the ones who joined the two of you,” Alvin said proudly. Mary wiped her tears and nodded her head up and down.
“We don’t want anything big, just something small. All that matters is that we are joined together as husband and wife. That’s all we care about,” I said.
“You just let us take care of everything. You just take care of our son,” Mary said hugging me. 
“You have no worries. I will take care of him for as long as I live,” I said as I hugged Alvin. 
The next day was hectic. Mary insisted on baking us a wedding cake, so she spent all day in the kitchen. Geneva and Murray ran in and out all day working on the decorations. I locked myself in my room focused on writing my own vows. It wasn’t as hard as I expected it to be. Once I had the first line, the rest just came easily. 
I found Madison once I had finished. I really hoped that she would do my hair and makeup for my wedding.
“Do you have a minute?” I asked walking into her bedroom. She put down the book she was reading and motioned for me to come over. I took a seat on the edge of her bed.
“I was wondering if you would do my hair and makeup for the wedding.” I asked.
“Of course,” she replied happily. I looked at the girl who had been my best friend, for as long as I could remember. We had been through everything together, and I had come to think of her more as my sister than my friend.
“Morgan, you didn’t even have to ask. I would be more than happy to, I was really hoping that you were going to ask me. I love you, and I am so very happy for you. You have found the love of your life. You deserve to be happy, and I know that Daniel makes you the happiest I have ever seen you. Promise that we won’t drift apart though.”
“Madison, I promise that will never happen. You have always been there for me, and I love you for that. You are my best friend, more than that, you are like my sister.” 
She threw her arms around me and hugged tightly. We spent the next few hours in her room. She gave me a facial as well as a Mani Pedi. She painted my nails with a sparkling pink and of course, she did her own. It was really good to have some girl time again.
Geneva and Mary joined us a while later, bringing with them a bottle of wine and four glasses.
“To the beautiful bride to be,” Geneva said holding her glass high. We clicked our glasses together and drank. 
“I couldn’t be happier with whom my son will be spending the rest of his life with,” Mary said tearing up.
“You got to stop crying at the drop of a hat, Mary. These are happy times,” Geneva said.
 Madison and I looked at each other and smiled. Mary was a great woman, but I knew that Daniel was her only son and this had to be hard for her. 
“Just wait until Kevin ties the knot and then you can tell me to stop crying. I love Morgan, and I know that she and Daniel was made for each other; I am so glad that they get to experience that kind of love. I am just being a mother; this is what we do,” she said with a chuckle. 
I wasn’t allowed to see Daniel until the wedding. I moaned when they informed me of this, but they all laughed. 
“Soon enough, dear,” Geneva said patting my back. I hadn’t spent a night without him since I had been back. It would be hard not to feel his strong arms wrapped tightly around me. 
“I’ll keep you warm,” Madison said winking. I burst out laughing. “If you insist,” I said, winking back. 
Geneva and Mary left some time later, saying they had to get back to the cake and decorations. I climbed into Madison’s bed and stretched out. The wine had me buzzing; I wasn’t used to drinking, so it didn’t take much.
“So do you think that you and Kevin will get married?” I asked her when she lay down beside me. 
“I don’t know… I mean; I fell hard for him, but I don’t really know what he wants. It’s crazy to think that he’s a wizard and will outlive me… by a lot of years.” 
I had never really thought about that. I knew that Kevin was in love with her, it didn’t take a genius to figure that out. I remember him telling me that he hadn’t found the right girl in all the years he had been searching. I had felt sad that he had spent so many years without love. I was so happy that he had found Madison now. I had no doubt that they would walk down the aisle someday.
“Madison, I know that, you and Kevin, love each other. I don’t know what will happen, but I have all the faith in the world that you will one day walk down the aisle with him.”
I looked over at her and smiled. “You think so?” She asked staring at me. 
“Kevin has been on this earth for many years and not once has he been in love, until you. So, yeah, I do think that it will happen.” 
We didn’t talk much after that; I was exhausted and nervous about tomorrow. Not about saying, I do too, my love, but about everything going okay. I hoped that I didn’t fall flat on my face walking down the aisle. I was also nervous about the impending war and what the outcome would be. It scared me not knowing what was going to happen. I couldn’t understand why they couldn’t just leave me alone. 
Chapter Thirteen

“You’re making a terrible mistake,” an ice-cold voice said. I looked around immediately recognizing my surroundings. I was back in Luke’s room, and I spotted him standing in the darkened corner. He walked forward when my eyes landed on him. His dark hair grew longer, but oddly suited him that way. His ice-cold blue eyes pierced mine-sending shivers along my spine. 
“You don’t belong to him. You belong here with me,” he said coming to a stop in front of me. My body felt paralyzed. I couldn’t move.
“Daniel is my life, Luke. He is the one who I will spend the rest of my forever with. I am good. He is good. We will lead together one day, and that’s my choice.”
He walked closer to me, his face just inches away from mine now. My heart started beating, and I wanted nothing more than to wake up from this nightmare. 
“I can give you whatever you desire; he cannot. He is weak… I am strong. You belong with me, in my kingdom. I saw what you did to Carmen. You are not as good as you think you are. Why pretend, when you have someone who is just like you, willing to take you back.”
I fought the vomit that threatened to come up. I squared my shoulders and looked at him dead on. 
“I am nothing like you. I did what I had to do to live, there is a difference. I’m sorry for hurting you, if I even did. However, my only desire is Daniel. He is and always will be the only one who holds my heart and soul. He is the strongest man I have ever known, and I trust him with my life. You are the weak one. You kill for the fun of it. You promise people a better life, but you only damn them to hell. You stabbed me in the back. You tried to kill me, but you can’t take me down. I’m stronger than you have given me credit to be. I will fight you until I am no longer here on this earth.” 
He grabbed me by my arms, holding them in a death grip. I didn’t shrink back as he expected. I stood my ground. My hands pushed against his chest, until he freed released his grip. 
“I will never let him have you. You are mine and always will be, Morgan. You want me, there’s no use in hiding your feelings and pretending to be in love with someone else.”
I laughed loudly. Was he trying to use reverse sociology on me really? 
“You disgust me. I will never be yours, ever. I belong to Daniel, and he is the one I will be with, until it is my time to leave this earth. You are nothing to me and never will be,” I said angrily. 
Lightning flashed in his eyes, and he screamed as loud as he could. He suddenly disappeared, leaving nothing but a cloud of smoke where he was just standing. 
I felt someone shaking my arm. “Morgan, honey, wake up.” I was relieved when I realized it was Madison. I cocked one eye open, to see her standing by my side. 
“You were screaming in your sleep. I thought I should wake you up anyway; it’s already after 9:00.” 
I opened my eyes and wiped the sleep away. I threw the blanket off my sweat-covered body, sitting straight up in the bed. The nightmare I had, seemed so real. It was as if I was right back in Luke’s bedroom. 
“Knock-Knock,” Geneva said. She smiled and held up a full pot of coffee. 
“I figured you could use some major caffeine this morning.” I smiled at her, as she walked in a sat the pot on Madison’s small nightstand. She waved her hands in front of her, and suddenly three coffee mugs appeared. 
“No sense in carrying everything at once,” she said pouring the coffee into the cups.  Madison came and joined us on the bed as we sipped our coffee. I relayed my dream to them, feeling the need to tell someone. It had just been so real. 
“Do you think it’s possible for him to invade your dreams like that?” Madison asked concerned. 
“That’s just it… I don’t dream and the only time I do, well, they usually are messages,” I said, looking for her to Geneva. I finished my coffee and felt the need to pour another cup. 
“Or warnings, maybe he had one of his wizards find a spell that would get him into your dreams. Since you don’t dream, it wouldn’t be too hard to do,” Geneva said standing. She paced back and forth, seemingly thinking of something. 
“Do you think that they know Daniel, and I, are getting married today? I mean, how they would even find that out?  No one else knows besides us. Everyone else is out on missions.”
Geneva stopped and turned to face me. “You and Luke become close while he held you captive. Maybe there’s a connection between you two, he was able to use that to get through to your dreams.” 
The thought churned my empty stomach. However, what she said did make sense. He was very powerful, and I had only seen a small portion of what he could do. 
“He is not going to do anything to stop my wedding,” I said determinedly. 
“Well, you better get in the shower, so we can get started,” Madison said. I smiled at her and Geneva. 
“I’ll be back as soon as I’m finished,” I said, heading out the door. I made my way down the stairs, onto the second floor where my bedroom was. Walking down the hall I wished that I could just hold Daniel right now, but he had been barred from seeing me as well. 
Once in my bathroom, I turned the hot water on letting the steam fill the room. I climbed in the shower and let the water wash my worries away. I washed and conditioned my hair; thinking that in just a few short hours, I would be married to the man of my dreams. 
I shaved my legs, twice. After rinsing the soap away, I grabbed my towel and dried off. I slipped my robe on and headed back to Madison’s room for hair and makeup. 
“There’s our beautiful bride to be,” Mary said happily, as I walked in. “I thought you might be hungry, so I brought you some breakfast. You can eat while Madison is doing your hair.”
I walked over to her and gave her a big ole’ hug. “Thank you so much, I’m actually starving,” I said, taking a seat at the small table in the corner. I grabbed a piece of bacon and began eating, while Madison gathered all the stuff she would need.
~*~*~*~*~*~

It felt so good to have someone else blow-drying my hair, that was the one thing, I would rather not do. I sat there with rollers covering every inch of my head, while Madison applied my makeup. I didn’t tell her how to do it; makeup was something that she just had a niche for. 
Mary walked over to the table and handed me a box. “Something borrowed,” she said. I opened the box and saw an amazing pair of diamond stud earrings.
 “These are wonderful,” I said, staring at them. She took the box from my hand and removed them. “These were worn by your mother at her wedding. I also wore them when I married Alvin. Now, it’s your turn to wear them,” she said placing them in my ear. 
“Thank you, Mary… for letting me wear them today. That’s pretty special, that you and my mother both wore them at your weddings, they must be old.” My hand flew to my mouth after I realized what I had said. 
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean it like that,” I apologized. She and Geneva both started laughing. 
“It’s okay, dear. I am old, so I take no offense. I am just lucky I don’t look as old as I really am,” she said with a wink. 
I can’t believe I said that to my future mother in law, but was glad she was so cool about it.
I shook my head once Madison had taken the rollers out. “Oh, that feels so much better,” I said, glad to be free from the curlers. They weighed my head down. 
“You are going to be the most beautiful bride who has ever been, once I get done with you,” Madison said twisting her hands in my hair. I had no doubt that she could do wonders with me. 
Mary and Geneva left a few minutes later, leaving only Madison and me.
 “Thank you for doing this, Maddy,” I said. She snapped something in hair and turned to face me. 
“So, Mary gave you something borrowed and I am giving you your something new, and your something blue,” she said walking to her closet. She came back and handed me a small white box. I slid off the lid and smiled when I seen the white and blue lace garter. My cheeks instantly heated thinking about Daniel taking it off me.
“Thank you.” 
She looked down at me and smiled. “You, my friend, are welcome. So, are you ready to see the masterpiece I’ve created?” 
I turned around in my chair looking in the oval mirror that she had placed on top of the table. “Wow” I exclaimed.
I stared at the reflection the mirror held. Madison did my makeup to perfection. It wasn’t heavy and overdone, like some people liked to wear it. It was light, leaving only the eye shadow and mascara highlighting the green of my eyes. There was a hint of blush on my cheeks, and my lips held a soft pink. 
My hair hung in large curls down my back. The front was held up with two antique looking diamond clips. I turned my head from side to side admiring them. 
“Madison, you have done an amazing job. Where did you get the diamond clips? They are gorgeous.” 
She smiled at my comments, and the fact that I hadn’t been able to stop looking at myself in the mirror, got an approving nod from her.
“Actually, Mary brought them to me this morning; they were your mother’s. Now, you have your something old. They are absolutely gorgeous, aren’t they?”
I leaned closer to the mirror to get a good look. I could only see the tiny diamonds sparkling in the curls. I could imagine my mother on her wedding day, wearing these same clips and earrings. I had seen pictures and had always thought that she looked like a princess. When I was younger, I wanted to look just like she did in those pictures, now I did.
I got up and hugged Madison. I was so lucky to have such a great friend. “I love you, Madison. I am so glad I have you here with me on my wedding day. I couldn’t imagine it any other way,” I said as a tear slid down my cheek. 
“I love you, too, but please don’t cry. You’re going to ruin my masterpiece,” she said, grabbing a tissue and blotting my cheek. I smiled at the frantic look that came across her face.
Mary and Geneva came in just as Madison had fixed my mishap. 
“You look beautiful,” Geneva said, as I twirled around, showing off my hair. 
“I guess you are ready for your dress,” Mary said. She walked over to the closet and came out with it. She unzipped the bag and pulled the dress out. I couldn’t help but feel giddy. This was my wedding day, and the day I was going to marry my prince charming. I felt like jumping up and down from the joy I was feeling. 
“Take the robe off,” Geneva ordered. I untied the robe at her command and tossed it on the bed. I stood there in my white lacy bra and panties; I picked them out to match my dress. 
Mary and Geneva held the dress over my head, and I stretched my arms high in the air. They slowly brought it down, careful not to let it touch my face or hair. I held up the front, while they pulled it the rest of the way. I brought the halter straps around my neck, and Madison fastened it together.
I walked over to the full-sized mirror hanging on her closet door to look at the results. The dress fit me like a glove. It clung to my body, as if it was made just for me. I twirled around looking at myself in the mirror. I was the princess that I had always dreamed of being. 
“You are a spitting image of your mother,” Mary said through her tears. Geneva smiled at me “Yes; you look just like your mother did on her wedding day. I know she is smiling down at you now thinking the same thing. You make one gorgeous bride.” 
I took the tissue Madison held out and dabbed my eyes. I didn’t want to ruin my makeup, until at least after I had walked down the aisle. 
“Thank you all so much. It does comfort me to know that my family is watching from heaven, on the greatest day of my life. I miss them so much, but I’m blessed to have all of you to share this day with me. I appreciate everything that you have all done. 
They all gathered me in a hug. I loved each of them so much. They had become my family now, each of them holding a special place in my heart. 
“Ok…It’s time,” Mary announced looking at her watch. I took a deep breath and inspected myself once more in the mirror. Madison replied another touch of lip-gloss to my lips, and we headed down the stairs. 
Once we had reached the foyer, Geneva handed my silver strap heels to me. I placed my hand on the wall for balance and slid the first one and then the other. 
I followed the women into the kitchen, where Mary handed me, an amazing bouquet, made up of pink, yellow, and white roses. I stuck my nose to them, smelling the wonderful scent they produced. 
“Thank you,” I said, following them out the door. They headed to the garden and stopped at the entrance. I looked around at the beautiful walkway they had put together. Trellis lined both sides, with different flowers woven through. They had done an amazing job.
“Are you ready,” Mary asked. I smiled brightly at her and the others. “I have never been so ready for something in my whole life.”
They, each, hugged me before making their way down the walkway. They disappeared, and I took a deep breath; I willed my tears not overflow, for a little while longer at least. 
I heard the music from the piano and straightened my shoulders; this was my cue. I held on tightly to my bouquet and slowly made my way down the flower-lined walkway. I came to a stop at the end and looked out onto our spot by the cliff.  My heart skipped a beat when I saw Daniel standing under a flowered archway, in his charcoal gray tuxedo. Our eyes meet, instantly causing my heart to beat faster. I was lost in his stare, as I slowly walked down the aisle to meet him. I didn’t see anyone else, only him. 
I stopped at the archway when he came to greet me. He smiled so lovingly at me. I took the hand he extended and turned to face both Mary and Alvin.
“We have gathered here today, to join Daniel and Morgan, together as one. This is a day that neither of you will ever forget, as you pledge your love to each other in front of your family and most importantly God. Once you have been joined together, you will be one. The connection that you have now will intensify. No one will ever be able to break that connection,” Alvin said, looking from Daniel to me. 
“Morgan and Daniel have both prepared their own vows to each other. Daniel take Morgan’s hand and make your vow to her,” Mary said with tear-filled eyes. I smiled warmly at her before I turned to face Daniel.
“Morgan, my love, my life,” he took a deep breath before continuing. “From the moment I first saw you; I was in love. Even before we had gotten to know each other, I felt such a deep connection to you. From the moment our lips found each other’s for the first time; you have had my heart. I never knew what this kind of love felt like before you. You have changed my life in many ways. My heart is now and will forever be only yours. I want you, all of you forever and always. I promise to love you like there is no tomorrow, every day of my life. I promise to protect you through everything, to hold you and cherish you. I promise to give you all my love, for the rest of eternity. I am yours,” he said through glistening eyes.
I couldn’t hold my tears any longer. They fell freely at his words and now looking into his loving eyes, knowing that he meant every word that he just said to me. I took the tissue that Alvin handed me and tried to dab my eyes and cheeks without making an even bigger mess.
“Place the ring on Morgan’s finger and repeat after me,” Alvin said. Kevin held out the ring to Daniel. 
“I, Daniel Chase McKay, promise to love you through sickness and health, through good times and bad, for all the days of my life.” Daniel repeated the words looking at me straight in the eyes, as he slid the white gold wedding band on my finger. I felt something inside me click together. 
“Now, Morgan, take Daniel’s hand and make your vow to him,” Mary said.
I took Daniel’s hand in mine, as I looked up into his amazing hazel eyes. I noticed the tiny green flecks in them seemed to be glowing. I took a deep breath and dabbed my eyes once more.
“Daniel, you are my heart and soul, my true love, the light in my darkest hours. I love you more than I could ever put into words. From the moment we first meet, I have been in love with you. You feel a void inside me that I never knew how to fill. You are everything to me; you are my best friend, my love, my soul mate, my family. You have gotten me through my darkest days and for that, I will always be grateful. You are now and always will be everything in this life that I will ever need. As long as you are standing by my side, I can get through anything. I promise to love you every minute of every day, for the rest of my life. I promise to cherish you, hold you, and comfort you. I promise to stand by your side, for all the days of my life. You are and always will be my only love, my soul mate. You are mine and I am yours,” I finished tearfully. 
Daniel blinked his tears back and squeezed my already tingling hand. “Now place the ring on Daniel’s finger and repeat after me,” Alvin said. Madison placed the ring in my hand, and I turned to face Daniel. At that moment, the clouds turned black, and it suddenly began to thunder. I looked at Alvin and Mary, who were looking at each other. 
“It must be finished now,” Mary shouted over the thunder. Lightning shot out, making me jump closer to Daniel. 
“What’s going on,” I screamed to Alvin. He looked at Daniel and me worriedly. “It seems that the Black Mass has found out about your wedding. They cannot break through the shield here, so they are making it ugly for you. They aren’t too happy, but we must finish,” Alvin explained. 
“Repeat after me, Morgan.” 
“I, Morgan Grace Bailey, promise to love you through sickness and health, through good times and bad, for all the days of my life,” I repeated and slid the band matching mine onto his finger. Lightening struck near us, but I didn’t flinch. There was no way anyone was going to take this moment away from us. 
“Daniel Chase McKay and Morgan Grace Bailey, I now pronounce you as husband and wife,” Mary said happily. 
“You may kiss your bride, son,” Alvin said as he and Mary took a step back. 
I looked up at Daniel as his hands cupped my face. I only saw his face. Everything else faded out, leaving only Daniel and I to share this amazing moment together. 
He leaned into me slowly, his eyes never leaving mine. Finally, our lips came together, creating an abundance of fireworks. My arms went around his neck, and we shared our first kiss as husband and wife. After all the times we had kissed, this one was like no other. It felt like our souls were joined together, our hearts beating steadily as one. 
As the kiss ended, we stood there with our foreheads pressed together, just staring into each other’s eyes.
“Mr. & Mrs. Daniel Chase McKay,” Mary shouted. We were bombarded my hugs from our family. Our hands never left each other’s even as we joyfully hugged the ones closest to us. Looking up, I noticed the clouds had moved and a white beam of light was shining from heaven. I smiled when I looked at the light, knowing that my family was just as happy as I was. I knew they had witnessed Daniel and me, pledging our love together. 
We all headed inside after the ceremony. Mary and Geneva put together a great reception. In addition, the cake Mary had made was gorgeous. Three layers decorated with white pearls and ropes of icing with a bride and groom topper. 
I lifted my champagne glass up high to make a toast. “I just want to say thank you so very much for all that you have done for us. Today, I pledged my love to the man of my dreams, and I am the happiest woman on this planet right now. Thank you again and I love you all,” I finished clicking my glass with the rest.
“I’ve got a surprise for you,” Daniel whispered into my ear. I looked at him and smiled. “What could get better than this?” I asked. He smiled from ear to ear. “Let’s say our good-byes and you will see,” he said looking at me passionately. 
We hugged and thanked everyone for everything. Mary was crying of course, tears of joy she said. Alvin smiled lovingly at her and rubbed her back as we walked out. 
I walked silently beside Daniel as he made his way to the boat dock. He lifted me up into the boat before coming aboard himself. He sat behind the wheel, and I took the passenger seat. The suspense was killing me.
“So, where are you taking me?” I asked, batting my eyelashes at him. He chuckled, but just shook his head. “My lips are sealed, but it won’t take us long; I promise.” 
I sat back in my seat and looked out onto the water. I was glad that Kevin could keep this place shielded. It was too perfect to be disturbed by evil. It didn’t take long until Daniel was pulling the boat into a different dock. This one looked to be much newer than the one we had left. Daniel lifted me out of the boat and took my hand. We walked across the sand for a while before he stopped. 
“This is for you, my love,” he said leading me a few feet. My eyes caught sight of a little white beach house in front of me. 
“Kevin and I have been working on this since we first arrived back. I didn’t think that we would be able to get it done in time, since we decided to get married so soon, but we managed to finish it last night. This is our little hide away,” he said staring at me. 
Tears sprang to my eyes and I didn’t fight them this time. I let them flow out like rain. 
“Daniel, you are the most amazing man I have ever met. Thank you so much for everything. I love you,” I said through my tears. 
He led me the short distance stopping on the steps. He lifted me with ease and climbed up, stopping only to open the door. I giggled as he tried to twist the knob without dropping me.
I looked around the small living room taking it all in. The walls were a light blue, the oversized white couch sat against the back wall welcoming us. A flat-screen television sat on top of a white stand, and the carpet was a plush white, reminding me of the carpet that Kevin had in his Jet. 
“Daniel, this is just amazing.” My lips brushed against his neck and his arms tightened around me. He carried me into the bedroom and sat me down. All I could see was him, all I wanted, was him in that moment. 
His hand rested on my neck and slowly he pulled my lips to his. I couldn’t explain the many emotions rushing through me once our lips touched. It was unlike any of the kisses we had experienced before. His thumb rubbed my cheek and my lips parted. His tongue slid over my teeth before finding mine. His breath was intoxicating me more than any alcohol ever could. 
He pulled his jacket off letting it hit the floor. My mouth would not leave his, as he unbuttoned the neck of my dress and slowly slid it down, until it fell to the ground. I tried to unbutton his shirt, but there were too many buttons, instead I got a firm grip on it and pulled. The buttons popped off and fell to the ground. I tugged the shirt off and let my hands roam his perfect bare chest. A small rumble rose from his throat as his hands undid my bra. His mouth on my neck sent electricity up and down my body. His hands caressed my breasts softly. Slowly, his mouth left my neck and skimmed down, until he took my breast into his mouth. My hands tangled in his soft, silky hair. I licked my dry lips when his tongue flicked my nipple and it instantly hardened. I couldn’t take it any longer; I needed him. I pulled his head back up and my mouth found his, hard and needy. I craved his taste, his touch. He lifted me up, my legs wrapping tightly around his waist. I reached down and unbuttoned his pants. He pulled them off with his free hand and backed me into the wall. 
With my back pressed firmly against the wall, his freed hands went to my hips and ripped my panties off. He placed his hands on the side of my head and looked at me passionately. With our foreheads pressed together, eyes locked; he slowly entered me. 
I moaned softly as he filled me quickly with all of himself. It was hard to breathe, as we were both overcome with need. My body needed him, and I needed him. When we came together, I felt complete. We stared into each other’s eyes as we hit our peak and exploded together. We stayed still for a moment, catching our breath, before he walked over to the bed, where we both fell upon it.
There was no need for talk. We snuggled closely to each other, and that was enough. Sometime later, he pulled the blanket over us, and I drifted off into a dreamless sleep. 
We made love two more times before the morning sun rose. My wedding night had been the best night of my life. I could hear Daniel’s thoughts and smiled when he thought about me. 
I rose from the bed, heading straight for the kitchen. I needed coffee, lots, and lots of it. My energy was drained, but you could not smack the smile from my face. 
“Good morning, Mrs. McKay,” Daniel said, wrapping his strong arms around my waist. His lips pressed firmly against my neck, and I rubbed his arms. 
“Say that again,” I said, basking in the love that was flowing between us. 
“Mrs. McKay, my love, my wife.” Oh, how I loved hearing them words roll off his tongue. He had made me the happiest woman I could ever be. 
“I love you, Mr. McKay… My dreams, my love, and now my husband.” I closed my eyes and inhaled. His strong arms around me, made me feel the safest I had ever been. His breath thick on my neck sent cold chills down my arms. At this moment, my whole world was complete. 
“Are you hungry?” I had to shake the chills away. It was amazing how he could cause me to melt, with just the feel of his breath against my skin.
“Yeah, I’m starving.” As soon as I said that, my stomach rumbled loudly.
 “I guess that’s my cue,” he said walking to the refrigerator. “Want me to throw something together?” I asked as he pulled a carton of eggs and some bacon out.
 “Let me take care of my baby. You just have a seat and drink your coffee. You’re going to need your energy back,” he said with a wink. 
I laughed taking my seat at the small round table, sitting in the middle of the room. I didn’t know how I had gotten so lucky, but I was now married to the greatest man alive. God had truly blessed me and I quietly thanked him for Daniel. My life had changed the day I met him, and I would not have it any other way. 
My thoughts were interrupted when Daniel placed a plate full of scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast in front of me.
“Thanks, honey, this looks delicious.” 
He smiled and took the seat across from me with a plate identical to mine. “You’re more than welcome. Hope it’s good. I haven’t cooked since I have been on this island.” 
I took a bite of the eggs; they melted in my mouth, and I grabbed another fork full. “You don’t have to worry about that. These are scrumptious,” I said with a mouth full. 
After breakfast, we walked down to the beach. It was calm as can be and the sun was brightly shining. Daniel spread a blanket out on the sand, and we sat down. He pulled me between his legs, my back pressed against his chest. His arms came around mine to keep the chill away. I leaned my head against his chest and looked out onto the horizon. 
“This is how life should be,” he murmured. “Yes, this is perfect. I just want to forget everything going on and stay in this moment with you forever.” His arms tightened around mine, and I knew he was thinking the exact same thing. No matter how perfect this moment was, we would have to leave sooner rather than later. 
“How long do you think it will be?” I asked not really wanting to hear his answer. He let out a breath, and I felt him shrug his shoulders. 
“I don’t know for sure, but they know about the wedding, and I am sure they are none too happy about it. It will be sooner than either one of us wants it to be.” 
I could hear the sadness in his voice, and it broke my heart. I was worried for him, for our family and the warriors that would be risking their lives fighting alongside us. I hoped that it would stay between the Black Mass and the Warriors, but I knew that in my heart, there would be innocent bloodshed. 
We spent the next two days lost in our passion. It was incredible to feel so connected to someone. Our minds became more connected than ever, and the walls that we had built up crumbled. I could hear his thoughts and feel what he felt. I knew that when the time come we would have to force the walls back up. There would be too much going on, and it would only be a distraction; since both of us would be worried about each other. 
Chapter Fourteen
We were sitting on the couch one night, watching The Notebook. Thankfully, Madison had packed my bags and had stuck some of our favorite DVDS in there. 
Daniel looked through them and decided this would be his best bet to stay awake. I laughed as he made a face before putting it in. “You’re going to love it, I promise,” I said, snuggling closer to him. 
He rolled his eyes and pushed play. His eyes stayed glued to the screen as Noah and Alley’s love played out. I could see his eyes glisten as Alley read the letters Noah wrote to her. 
BAM. CRASH… Kevin was standing in our living room as Daniel and I jumped off the couch. 
“What the hell, Kevin. Dude, you, scared the shit out of us,” Daniel nearly screamed. My hand went over my pounding heart, as I struggled to catch the breath that he had scared out of me. 
“I am so sorry to bother you guys on your honeymoon. I waited as long as I could, but we’ve gotten word,” Kevin said looking sympathetically at us. My heart fell into my stomach. The moment we had been waiting for. 
“Just let us have it,” Daniel said glancing at me. I could see the fear in eyes, as I knew he could see it in mine.
“It’s started. They let the vampires loose last night in New York. Our people have been working to get rid of them, but there are so many. It is getting worse very fast; the battle has started,” Kevin said regretfully.
I fell to the couch unable to hold myself up… I felt completely overwhelmed. I knew that this was going to happen and as much as we had prepared ourselves physically, I had not prepared emotionally. My life had just come together, and now I risked it getting torn apart. 
Daniel was on his knees in front of me as my tears started flowing. He placed his hands on both my knees. 
“Please don’t cry; we can do this. Remember, together we can get through anything. You are the one who told me that, and I know deep in my heart that we will. He can’t break us apart, not now, not ever,” he said trying to comfort me. I felt selfish for breaking down, but my heart feared the worst. Being torn away from my life, for the innocent lives, we wouldn’t be able to save and for those who fought so unselfishly beside us for the greater good. 
I wiped the tears away and look into Daniel’s eyes. I had to hold myself together. I took a deep breath and pulled my wall back up. I didn’t want him to hear my fears. I wanted him to be focused and not distracted with me. 
“I’m sorry… it took me by surprise; that’s all. I’m okay. I know that we can do this,” I said confidently. 
He stood back up and held his hand out. I took it, and we walked over to Kevin. 
“Are you ready? We are going to go back to the main house and gear up before we leave.” He started to wave his hands, but I stopped him before we disappeared. 
“I thought you couldn’t teleport through a shield?” He smiled at my question. “You can’t, but you can zap anywhere within the shield, just not through it,” he explained. 
Well, he didn’t tell me that before, and I was curious. I smiled at him as he waved his hands again, and in an instant, we were floating. We landed in the kitchen of the main house. Made sense; it seemed to be the main gathering place. 
Everyone was sitting at the large dining room table. I could see the same worry on all their faces. 
“We are so sorry,” Alvin, said looking up at us as we made our way to the table. I took a seat beside Madison and Daniel beside me. I placed my hand on his leg, just needing to feel him.
“There is no need to apologize, Alvin. You are not the one who has started this. We do what we have to do, it’s who we are,” I said calmly. He nodded his head acknowledging the truth. 
“Now that we are all here we can begin. There are a few things that I want all of you two no,” Murray said looking around the table. Our eyes were glued to his, as he continued. 
“This is going to be ugly. We need to be focused; void of any distractions. The main goal in the battle is to capture Morgan. They will do whatever they have to, to get to her. The Warriors already know that they are to protect her at all costs,” he said looking at me. I swallowed my fear back and nodded my head. 
“Daniel, we need your focus to be on taking out as many of them as you can. We will protect Morgan. I know that it will be hard for you to trust us to protect her, but Luke will try to take you out if you get close. You two are our future leaders,” Murray said sternly.
I felt Daniel’s muscles tense as he glared back at him. “She is my wife and I will protect her at all costs. I trust you to do your job, just as mine will be done. However, they will not take her away from me again. I will do what I have to. I can’t make any promises,” he said through a clenched jaw.
Murray nodded, seemingly understanding what Daniel was going through. I noticed Mary’s eyes mist over and my heart ached for her. They had all been through this before and seen the devastation of what had been done to them. I was new to all of this and already my heart broke. 
We gathered hands as Alvin said a prayer. I know that we had Warriors in heaven, who would also be doing all they could to protect us. 
“Come on girls, let’s go get suited up,” Geneva said standing. I kissed Daniel quickly and followed her. She led us to the top floor, where clothes were piled on top of a bed. She threw things at us all and told us to put them on. I looked over at Madison and wondered why she was here. 
“You’re not going to fight in this, are you, Maddy?” I asked concerned. I didn’t want her to get hurt, and I knew she didn’t have powers like we did. She looked up at me while pulling on her tight black pants. What kind of clothes did Geneva give us? 
“I am going with you, but I will be on a team of lookouts. I won’t fight unless necessary, but I can protect myself. I can’t just sit here twiddling my thumbs, waiting for news,” she said. 
 I walked over and hugged her. She was stronger than I gave her credit for, and I knew what she was feeling. Having the one you love go to battle, and not know if they will make it or not, wasn’t something you could easily get over. 
“I love you, Maddy. Please keep safe,” I whispered. Her arms came around me, and I felt her tears dampen my shirt. 
“You are the one that needs to be safe. I love you, Morgan, and you better come back to us.” 
“I will.” 
 I picked up the leather pants and looked at them. “Geneva, do you really think this is what we need to fight in?” I asked inspecting them. She laughed her loud laugh.
“Those are exactly what you need. These are our tradition fighting clothes. They are not your normal leather pants. Once you get them one you will know, they form to your body making it able for you to move freely. A spell has also been over them for more years than I can say. It makes them impenetrable, for the most part. No normal sword or bullet can get through, but know that if it is a sword owned by the leaders of the Black Mass, then they can penetrate through.”
“So, Luke would be able to stab or shot me?” I asked. I pulled the black leather tank top over my head and was surprised at how well it fit. 
“Two people can harm you, Luke and Lucifer,” she said slowly. I knew those names gave me cold chills. “Okay, so how do I not know who Lucifer is? Is he who I think he is?” I asked.
She nodded her head at me. “Yes, I am sure you are thinking of Lucifer as the fallen angel. That would be the one, the Devil. What you haven’t found out yet and I don’t know why no one has bothered to tell you,” she said looking at Mary, who turned away. “Lucifer is Luke’s father.” I felt my mouth drop open as I stared at her. “Luke’s father is the Devil?” 
Mary took a seat on the bed not looking at us. Madison came to stand by me; she looked just as shocked as I felt. 
“Yes, his father is the Devil. Lucifer leaves Luke to run the Black Mass, while he does what he does in the pits of hell. He only comes out when needed, when things are easier for him. He will be in this battle, and I am sure that he is going to come after you vigorously. You have weakened his son.”
I don’t know why I had never put this together, or why it had never crossed my mind. I should have known that Lucifer was Luke’s father, but I can honestly say, I never thought about it. 
“Keep your guard up, Morgan,” Geneva said as we headed downstairs. The men were already waiting for us in the kitchen. My eyes landed on Daniel. I had to make myself breath when I saw him in all that leather. His muscles were showing through the form-fitting outfit and had my heart racing. Wow, I could have tackled him right there, if we didn’t have other things to worry about. I smiled brightly at him when he came to stand at my side. 
“When this is over, we keep the outfits for one more night,” he whispered in my ear. I chuckled at his comment. I stood on my tiptoes and whispered in his ear “You read my mind.” He smiled, taking my hand as we all gathered in a circle. 
“Kevin, you and Madison need to stay back, until we have zapped through. Once the shield is down, it is going to have to be fast. It’s got to happen as quickly as possible,” Murray said looking at his son. 
“Not a problem; we will be right behind you.”
Madison and Kevin stepped back, and the rest of us started swirling. I closed my eyes feeling nauseated. As soon as we landed, I bent my head over and vomit flowed out. Daniel’s hand rubbed my back, as everything inside me seemed to spill out. I wiped my mouth with the back of my head once there was nothing left.
“I am so sorry; it must be my nerves,” I said, looking at Daniel. He smiled softly at me before a loud crash caught our attention. 
I looked around, noticing that we were in some kind of building. Mary and Alvin were looking out the windows, a worried expression on their faces. I walked over and took a glance out gasping at what I saw. There was an army of people down there fighting one another, buildings on fire and collapsing. Cars wrecked into other cars making the street a battleground. 
“It is our time to fight,” Alvin said holding Mary in his arms. I swallowed the fear that was slowly rising. Mary walked to Daniel and wrapped her arms around him. 
“Keep safe, son. I love you,” she said letting him go. She walked to me, next and gave me a tight hug. “I love you too Morgan. You stay safe as well.” 
She walked back over to the window, while Alvin gave his son a manly hug. He whispered something in his ear, and Daniel nodded. He walked over to me and put his hand around my shoulder.
 “You are a part of our family now, Morgan. I expect you to keep yourself safe. We will see you at the end.” 
He walked over to Mary just when Geneva and Murray did and disappeared. 
Daniel made his way to me and put his arms around my waist pulling me into him.
“I love you. Please keep safe. Don’t let them hurt you, love,” he said, before his mouth crashed into mine. My arms went around his neck, and I lost myself in his passionate embrace. I fought the tears that threaten to escape. I wouldn’t do that to him, I had to be strong. 
“You’re my life, Daniel and you better come back to me, because I will come back to you,” I said as our lips regretfully left each other’s.
“I guess we are ready then,” Kevin said, as he appeared right next to us. I look around for Madison, who was nowhere in sight. 
“Don’t worry. She’s as safe as she can be and well protected,” Kevin said, knowing who I was looking for. I nodded as he put his arms around Daniel and me.
 “I love you both… Let’s kick some evil ass,” he said as we started to vanish. I smiled at that before we landed in the middle of time square. 
It didn’t take long before we were spotted, and each of us started fighting. I looked over to see someone attack Daniel, but before I could react, someone took hold of my hair and I was flying into the ground. I bounced back up, looking at the filthy woman who had pulled my hair. 
“Really, you have to pull my hair like a bitch… oh never mind you’re worse than that,” I said disgustedly. All I had seen was the woman’s black hair, whipping around as she flew at me. I jumped up in the air and came back down, landing on her back. My arm wrapped around her neck and before long I let her limp body fall to the ground. I ran through the crowd of people looking for Daniel or Kevin, but neither was in sight.
I fought people off me, as I grabbed the silver dagger out of the waist of my pants. I was glad that Geneva had given it to me now. I definitely needed a weapon. Flames licked out of the building I was standing beside; I could feel the heat fall upon my skin.
Just then, a ragged looking man lunged at me. I could tell this thing was not human, and my instincts took over. I saw him coming towards me, just as I held my leg out to meet his gut. He flew inside the burning building with a scream that hurt my ears. He instantly burst into a pile of dust as the flames engulfed him. Vampire…
There was madness all around me, as I fought with everything in me. My dagger had taken out numerous people as I ran with all my might. It was chaos. 
I heard a woman’s screeching scream, and I looked in front of me, to find a man holding the woman by the neck. Her feet dangled in the air, and I could see the life being sucked out of her. I ran up to them and pushed the dagger into the man’s back. He didn’t release her as I thought he would; instead, it seemed to only piss him off. He slowly turned and looked at me angrily.
“You’re the bitch we’ve been ordered to bring in,” he sneered. His hand left the woman’s throat, and she fell to the ground gasping for air. 
“Yeah, well, I really don’t see myself going anywhere you or anyone else, for that matter.” He smiled at me showing a mouth full of rotted teeth. I almost threw up on him. 
“You’re a prissy little thing, huh? No wonder boss wants you so bad. Maybe I could have a little fun before I take you to him,” he said licking his lips and running his hand down my hair.
“Don’t you put your filthy fucking hands on me, you evil ass-hole,” I said angrily. He smiled wider at me. His hand inched toward my neck. I ducked and brought my fist to his jaw; it didn’t even budge him. 
“You’re no match for me, little girl.” His fist balled and came toward my stomach. I grabbed it with my hand and began to squeeze as hard as I could. I heard his bones snapping one by one. He looked at me with a surprised expression on his face.
“I really don’t think you’re a match for me,” I said, smiling as I twisted his arm behind his back. I brought my hand that held the dagger up and smashed it into his chest, straight into his heart. 
I let him go as his huge body fell. I reached down and pulled the dagger out of his chest; the blood was spilling out like a waterfall, and I fought the urge to throw up.
I looked around frantically searching for Daniel through the chaos. I couldn’t see him through the crowd of people fighting one another. It was like a something you would see in the movies. Dead bodies were lying on the ground, buildings on were fire, and people stood all around fighting for their lives. Suddenly, I felt a sharp pain in my shoulder. I turned my head to find a grotesque standing there, blood running down his mouth. His clothes were ragged and covered with dried blood, as well as fresh. This thing had bitten me, searing the skin where he had. 
I knew this thing was a vampire and only wanted one thing with me, my blood. I didn’t have anything to catch him on fire, so my only hope was that someone one would notice and come to my rescue. At the moment, the only thing, I knew to do was kick his ass. I threw my leg into his hollowed stomach; he didn’t even move. He grabbed me by the hair and pulled me into him. The smell coming off him was horrid. I struggled to loosen his grip on me, but there was no use. He was a new vampire and strong as hell. I screamed with everything I had in me hoping that someone would take notice. 
His grip tightened as his mouth came down to my neck. I felt his inhumanly sharp teeth sink into me, and I fought to keep conscious. I couldn’t describe the searing pain in my neck as he sucked the blood out of me. I felt my body weaken; I was going to die, by the hands of a vampire. 
My body swayed as he continued to drink. I struggled to keep my eyes open, wanting nothing more than to go into the darkness. As I began to lose the fight, I heard Kevin, shouting my name. Then something hit into the vampire, and my body crashed into the hard ground. I lay there as my eyes begin to close, the pain too much to bear. 
“Morgan, please hold on. Open your eyes,” Kevin said frantically. I had to force my eyes to open through the darkness. I blinked several times and I seeing Kevin leaning over me. His hands softly rubbed my neck and shoulders. The pain started to subside. I could feel sharp little rocks cutting into my back. 
“I’m sorry,” I muttered. Kevin took the dagger that was still clutched in my hand and ran it across his wrist. I blinked my eyes, trying to understand what he was doing. He didn’t even wince as the sharp blade had sliced his wrist open, bright-red blood trickled down his arm.
“Open your mouth,” he demanded, looking at me. I could see the fear on his face as his blue eyes pierced mine. I shook my head slowly from side to side. There was no way I was going to drink his blood. 
“You will die if you don’t, so if you want to live, you will open your mouth and drank,” he said urgently. 
The thought of sucking his blood and forcing me to swallow was more than revolting, but I could hear his panicked voice, and I knew this was my only way. I opened my mouth slightly, and his wrist touched my lips. 
“Now suck,” he said with a wink. If this hadn’t been so freaking weird, I could have laughed at him. The blood slowly dripped into my mouth and found its way down my throat. 
“Suck, Morgan, you need more than a few drops.” I forced my eyes closed and began to suck his blood. Slowly at first, but with more that slid down my throat my body began to feel better.
I didn’t take notice of how much I was sucking from him, until his body came down on mine. I stopped immediately and open my eyes to see him just inches from my face. His eyes were staring into mine, and a slow smile crept across his face. 
“You don’t mess around, do you?” He asked. I smacked his arm playfully. He lifted himself off me and held his hand down to me. He helped me up slowly and held onto me as I got my balance. 
“Am I going to turn into a vampire?” I asked not looking at him. His laughter brought my eyes to him. 
“It’s a legit question Kevin. That thing bit me more than once, and he nearly sucked all my blood,” I said, frustrated at his laughing. 
“Your right Juliet, it is a legit question, but no you will not turn into one. You have to be created a certain way, not through a bite, no matter what is in the movies. I have healed your wounds, and my blood has filled you. You will be fine.” 
“Thank you Kevin. I wouldn’t have made it if you hadn’t stopped him,” I said, thankfully. 
“It’s what I do. Now let’s do this,” he said running off. I bent down and picked up my dagger before taking off. 
Looking around, I let my wall crumble as I searched for Daniel. His thoughts instantly floated into my head. They were not pleasant. He was in the middle of a violent fight with someone. I followed our connection. I ran to my left where I could feel him the strongest. I ran as fast as I could as people struggled around me. I jump over the piles of bodies lying along the road. I dodged wrecked cars and the flames that licked viciously out of them.
I stopped dead in my tracks when I heard the one word he said. “Luke.” I looked around not knowing where I was or where he was. I had to find him before anything happened. I ran faster down the road as I looked to the right of me. I spotted two figures standing off, in the distance. One was Daniel, and the other was Luke. I pushed myself faster. Adrenaline rushed through my veins. I reached the grass and pumped my feet faster. They were standing at the edge of what looked like a park, trees just behind them.
“Get away from him,” I shouted as I came to a stop right behind Daniel. I called for Kevin, hoping that we still had our connection. I didn’t want Daniel to be anywhere near Luke. This was between him and me. 
“Ah, there she is,” Luke turned toward me. He slowly smiled at me, and he took a step closer.  
“I’m coming,” Kevin shouted in my mind. I took a deep breath as Luke’s eyes pierced mine. I stood there gripping the dagger tightly in my hand as I returned his gaze. His ice-blue eyes were blazing with nothing but evil. 
“Morgan,” he said, slowly taking another step toward me. I looked at Daniel, who took a step toward Luke. 
“Don’t, Daniel; let me take care of him. This is my battle,” I sent to him. He looked sharply at me and shook his head.
 “I can’t. This is our battle, not just yours,” he sent back. I looked at Luke and then back at Daniel. 
“No, this one is mine,” I said as Kevin came to a halt beside him. 
Now that Kevin was here and would be able to protect Daniel, I closed off our connection. I didn’t want to be distracted.
“Luke,” I said, taking a step closer to him. He held a long sword in his left hand. The gold from the handle was sparkling in his grip. 
I walked until I was standing in front of him, his eyes never leaving mine. The wind started to blow and whipped my hair around. The trees started swaying from side-to-side. Our gaze never left each other’s and for a short moment, I felt guilty for what I had done to him. I knew that he had never loved me; he was incapable of it. However, I also knew that he had felt something for me. 
I felt the ground start shaking violently beneath me. I planted my feet firmly into the ground as I struggled to keep standing. I glanced over at Kevin and Daniel, who watched Luke and me fearfully.
 “I love you,” I sent to him, and then I focused my attention back to Luke. 
“You started all of this so you could get to me; well here I am. Do what you have to do to make yourself feel better, but you will not break me,” I said, staring at him. The shaking increased as his free hand came out and gripped mine firmly. I didn’t struggle against his grip, but held on tightly to his arm. 
“I’m sorry,” he simply said as the shaking became uncontrollable. I stared into his eyes and tried to figure out what he meant. The ground started to split in the middle of us as I looked over to Daniel. Kevin held his arm as he struggled to free it. I could see the pain in his eyes as he stared at me. 
Dirt shot up, and I turned to see the ground literally tearing apart underneath me. The shaking became too much and as Luke pulled me to his side, we were thrown up away from the splitting ground. We landed hard into the ground a few feet away. The blade of the dagger, that I held onto so tightly, was now in my palm. The pain made me release it, and I looked down to see the blood that seeped out. 
“Son, you have brought her to me, just as we planned,” a deep voice said. I looked away from my bloody palm, to see a man standing right where the ground had separated. My eyes did a double take as I looked from him to Luke. They were spitting images of one another. The only difference was the man was massive standing there. His one arm could easily have been bigger than my whole body.
“Lucifer,” I said, looking at him. He smiled a sharp smile at me. “I see you know who I am,” he said proudly. 
The devil himself came to lay claim on me. I expected him to look a bit different. I don’t know, maybe horns and a red body, something along those lines; stupid movies. Instead, he ended up just as handsome as his son. I could feel the evil pulsating off him as he walked closer to us. Luke’s grip on my arm tightened, as his father stopped right in front of us. 
“Morgan, you have done a number on my son. I once thought him to be just like me, but you have proven me wrong. He did actually feel something for you. You made a horrible choice of betraying him. I was actually quite proud that he put a knife in your back. Unfortunately, you are stronger than we anticipated.”
Daniel jumped up and lunged toward him, only to be brought back down by just the flick of his hand. I slowly stood up and set my legs. I would not let him intimidate me.
He stared at me with a blank expression before he made his way toward me. Luke stood up, just as Lucifer came to a stop in front of me. The wind was still whipping around us. We stared fiercely at each other.  
“You can’t beat me. I am the strongest that you have come across. Isn’t that the reason you want me gone so bad? I’m sorry to disappoint you, but I will not fall at your hands,” I said calmly.
“She is a feisty one, son.” I could see a spark in his eyes as his huge hand came up and around my neck.
 “Is that a challenge?” He asked, lifting me up with his one hand. 
“Take it as you want to, I am just telling you what I know. You will never break me.” 
My words angered him; his hand around my neck grew tighter. I just smiled as his face contorted in anger. Although his grip was super tight, I couldn’t feel it. I didn’t know if it was the blood that Kevin had given to me making me stronger, or if my guardian angel was helping me. I smiled sweetly at him as he lifted me further off the ground. 
“I will kill you,” he said before he threw me across the ground, and I landed right in the middle of a huge oak tree. It knocked the wind out of me, and I slid to the ground. I was now behind Kevin and Daniel. Kevin held up his hand to stop Lucifer from coming after me. It didn’t help though, all he did was throw his hand up toward Kevin, and he went flying. 
“You think you can take me?” He asked vehemently, walking towards me. I stood up as the air filled my lungs again. He lunged at me as I jumped just in time to get out of the way. I didn’t know what to do, but I knew that I would not let him take me away from everyone I loved. He would not take me away from Daniel. 
He held his palm out to me as a bolt of lightning shot out. I moved to my left to avoid it. It struck a tree and started to smoke. Just behind him, I could see Daniel and Luke locked in a heated battle. This angered me. I didn’t want Daniel to be fighting either of them, but we were a team and this was a part of what we had to do. I let the anger build inside of me and shot a ball of energy at Lucifer. It caught him off guard and hit him in the stomach. He stared down at his smoking skin and back up at me. 
“You just made a terrible mistake,” he sneered.  He ran straight for me. His hard body landed right into mine and we both tumbled to the ground. He landed on top of me and with his weight, pinned me down. He pulled out a long sword and lifted it over his head. I looked at the sword and panicked. I tried to knock him off me, but he was too heavy. I heard Daniel’s scream as the blade came down. Something blocked the sword and my chest. He couldn’t pierce it no matter how hard he tried. I looked up into the sky and for a moment, I could see my brother holding his hand down toward me. He was protecting me from the sword. 
“The dagger,” I heard Kevin’s voice whisper in my head. I frantically looked from side to side and noticed the dagger a few feet away. I couldn’t reach it from my spot on the ground, and Lucifer was still trying to stab me.  I balled up my hands into fist and slammed them into his chest. It was enough to get him off me, and I jumped to my feet. 
“You will never win this battle. You are no match for me… you need to go back to hell where you came from,” I said, running over to the dagger. 
I picked it up just as the ground started shaking again. Kevin was now helping Daniel with Luke; so my full attention went to the devil. He didn’t attempt to move when I walked toward him again. I felt the dagger heat in my hand, as I got closer to him. 
“I will take you to hell with me,” he said angrily. To my left, I could see an army of deadly creatures, like the one that had attacked me, making their way to us. Everything seemed to slow around me, and I looked back to see Daniel and Luke struggling against each other on the ground. Kevin stood facing the army with his palm held out. As I watched him chanting, I knew that I wouldn’t have to worry about them. 
The wind picked up, and the shaking continued. The dagger I held was scorching my hand. I raised it up slowly. I stared into the devil’s cold-blue-eyes. He laughed at my hand raised and attempted to knock it down. 
“I will never be in hell with you. I will never be like you. I will never take an innocent life like you do. I am nothing like you. I believe in God, I believe in miraculous things that happen in life, and we don’t have an explanation for. I will spend the rest of my life fighting the evil that walks the streets, trying to lay claim to innocent souls. You will never win this; you will never have me. I will stand beside Daniel, and together we will lead God’s army. You, Lucifer, are no match for me,” I said as my hand came down and the dagger sunk deep into his chest. His scream sent shivers along my spine. The ground started violently shaking again before he sank below. Once he disappeared underneath, the ground came back together, and the wind stopped. 
“Daniel,” I screamed as I turned to see Luke on top of him. Kevin was too busy keeping the vampires away to help. I set off, at a dead run, not slowing down as I plowed into Luke. The impact sent us both flying into the air and when I came down, I landed hard on him. 
“This is it. You will never have me, no matter how many battles you create. I have chosen which side I am on; I will stand beside my husband and rule the Warriors,” I said, looking down on him. 
“Your husband,” He asked. His face turned to stone, and I could feel the anger coming off him at my words. 
“Yes, my husband. I chose him. I chose goodness. I am truly sorry for everything that happened. I want you to know that I truly did have feelings for you. I don’t know if they were caused by Edmund’s spell or not, but I did care. You have to know that, but Daniel will always be my other-half. I love with everything inside of me, and I would give my life to protect him. I can sense some good in you Luke. You don’t have to be evil; you don’t have to assume his role. You can save yourself. You can be a good person and led a good life. You just have to choose to do it.” 
“I will never be like you, Morgan. I am what he created… that is what’s in me. You did make me feel something deep within, myself, that I never knew was there, but it wasn’t enough to hold onto you. You have made your choice and there is nothing I can do about it. You have bonded yourself to the one you are meant to be with. No matter what happens, I want you to know that my feelings for you will never change. You are the only one that has come close to making me change, but it will never happen,” he said looking away. I knew that he held more than evil in his soul, but if he wouldn’t choose to change for the better, I couldn’t do anything more to help him. 
I watched as his hand clutched the gold handle of his sword. I knew that his mind had been made up. He would fight against me until I was gone. 
His hand moved, bringing the sword with it. I couldn’t move. I stood paralyzed, looking into his mesmerizing-blue-eyes. All of a sudden, the sword slammed into my leg. I rolled off him as he pulled it back out and disappeared. 
I touched my hand to the place that the sword had sunk into. I held my hand on the wound, the hot blood flowing out. He didn’t kill me; he only wanted to wound me. I wondered why… but of course, I knew. There was something good within him; he felt something for me, making him unable to kill me. 
“Morgan, my love, are you okay?” Daniel asked panicked. His hands moved mine off my leg, and I felt him press down. I screamed loudly at the pain that shot through my leg. 
“It’s okay,” he said taking his shirt off and wrapping it around my leg. I looked at his shirtless chest. I wanted nothing more than to reach out and rub my fingers down his smooth skin. 
He helped me sit up, being very gentle with my leg. I noticed Kevin still standing with his palm out. The vampires were trying with all their might to break the barrier to no avail.
“How are we going to get rid of them?” I asked looking at Daniel. There had to be hundreds of them standing there. 
I saw a building directly in front of them, that hadn’t yet been caught on fire. Then I had an idea. 
“I can lure them into that building,” I told Daniel. He shook his head back and forth.
 “It’s too risky. Your leg is still bleeding a lot, and I don’t know if you would be able to run as fast as you would need to.”
I looked down at the bloody shirt that was now wrapped around my leg. I knew I would have to move fast, but I wouldn’t have to run at full speed to get away from them. All they had on their minds was humans—food. They were too preoccupied to go full blast. 
“I can do this. It’s the only way to get them in there, and I don’t want to have them running around here on a bloody rampage.” 
Although he didn’t like my solution, there was no other way. Daniel helped me stand up as I tested my weight on my leg. It didn’t hurt too badly. I looked to where the building was standing, and I connected with Kevin. I thought about the plan, knowing that he would get the message. 
I turned to Daniel bringing my lips to his. “I’ll be okay. Just watch my back,” I said.
“I’ll be right behind you.” I started running as fast as my bummed leg would let me. 
“Now,” I shouted to Kevin as I neared the barrier. I crossed over just as he let it drop, and the vampires took the bait. They all followed me with hunger in their eyes. I ran straight into the building; looking behind me to make sure they were following, they were. I ran up the steps and locked myself into the first room I found. I turned around looking at the dull gray walls in the room. A black desk sat in the middle of the room, with only a computer on it. I started to sweat profusely. I jumped moments later, when Kevin appeared in front of me. Without a word, he zapped me out of the building before disappearing again. 
I stood on the sidewalk, staring at the large building in front of me. An overwhelming feeling of sadness filled me as I thought about how the Black Mass had turned all those innocent people into monsters.
“We meet again,” a familiar voice, sneered.
I turned around slowly, becoming face to face with Phil. The look he was giving me sent cold chills up and down my body. I looked around for Daniel, who was nowhere in sight. 
“Are you looking for someone to come and save you?” He asked taking a step closer.
“I don’t need someone to save me from you. I can take care of you all by myself,” I retorted.
He cackled loudly, taking another step towards me. Looking at him made me sick to my stomach. I truly held so much hatred for this man and all he had done. Knowing that he had taken my family away from me, it was almost too much to look at him. I knew in my heart that I should not hate anyone, but I also knew that his soul couldn’t be saved. 
“You took Carmen away from me; you little bitch. A life for a life, right, Morgan, killing you will feel better than watching your parent’s car explode.”
My blood boiled under my skin at his words. I felt like I would explode at that very moment. I stood there looking at his disgusting face, letting my anger build. I could feel it starting at the tips of my toes and spreading up my body. I threw my hand up facing my palm toward him. The electricity flew out of my hand, hitting him in the stomach. He flew backwards about twenty feet. I did not give him time to get off the concrete he fell on. I lunged at him, landing right on top. 
“I hope you enjoy eternity in hell, with your precious Carmen,” I said angrily. I let my fists come down hard on his face. Repeatedly, I thrashed, wanting nothing more than to end his life. 
He tried to cover his face with his hands, but I took hold of them and pinned them down with my legs. I wished I had pulled my dagger out of Lucifer; it would come in handy right now.
“Morgan, that’s enough,” Daniel shouted from behind me. I heard his loving voice and wanted to stop hitting Phil, but it was as if my hands had a mind of their own. I couldn’t pull them away from his bloodied face. I hit him harder, thinking about my family and the life that he had taken away from me. This was my revenge. 
“Come on, baby,” Daniel said pulling me off Phil’s limp body. Tears pooled in my eyes. I turned and buried my head in Daniel’s chest.  I cried so hard. I cried for my family, for the lives that we had lost today, and I cried for letting myself lose control.
“It's okay, my love,” Daniel whispered. His hands gently rubbed my back trying to comfort me. I cried until I had no more tears. I brought my head up and looked at the man I loved. 
“I lost control. I am so sorry.”  He brushed the hair away from my face. His hands were resting on both sides of my face. 
“It’s understandable. The pain that he has caused you is enough for anyone to lose control. It happens, but you can’t beat yourself up about it. He couldn’t be saved; you and I both know that.” 
I knew he was right and what was done, was done. I did what I had to do, and he deserved worse than what I did to him. There would be people who we had to fight and kill; it had to be done. 
Kevin appeared in front of us. He wrapped his arms around both Daniel and I. We disappeared right before the building exploded. 
~*~*~*~*~*~

“It’s an event that rocked New York City, just a month ago today. The Mayor still does not know what or who caused the major riot that put several people in the hospital and buildings burnt to the ground. No one can say for sure how it started and since all the security cameras were destroyed by the fires, they may never be any way of knowing, exactly what happened.  The Major says that his main concern at this point is getting his city back in order. The cleaning finished a week ago, and the rebuilding will start this week.
 “We are just glad that no one was seriously hurt. We can rebuild the rest. The Mayor was quoted saying.”
“Why are you watching this crap?” Kevin asked, plopping down on the couch beside me.
“I guess, I am just amazed at how you guys could cover it up and even managed to wipe the minds clear of the events that happened,” I said, turning toward him. 
Kevin and some of the warriors managed to clean up the whole mess in less than a day. The story was started about a riot breaking out, and all hell breaking loose. This technically wasn’t really a lie. I was still amazed that they were able to do that. No one there that day, could remember what had happened. 
“Dinner,” Mary called out from the kitchen. Kevin and I both jumped off the couch, racing each other to the kitchen. I inhaled the delicious aroma filling my nose. I took my seat, as everyone began to take theirs. 
“Hey,” Daniel said sitting down beside me. He brushed his lips against my cheek, and I could feel the love flowing. I would never in a million years get tired of that feeling. 
“I love you,” I whispered. Madison and Kevin took their seats in front of us and smiled.  
“Get a room, Casanova,” he said playfully. Daniel threw a roll at him; hitting him in the head. The table broke out in laughter, and I couldn’t help but join in. I was thankful that life had gone back to normal after everything that had happened. Well, as normal as it could ever be for us. 
Alvin said grace before the plates were passed around. I closed my eyes and thanked God for bringing us all together unharmed. We had been lucky that no one suffered more than a few cuts and bruises. The warriors stationed in different states reported that all had been quiet over the past month. No one had seen or heard about any attacks from the Black Mass. It was an eerie feeling, to know that this was just a part of our life now. We would always be on the lookout. 
Daniel and I moved into our little beach cottage shortly after we returned. We were newlyweds in need of more privacy. Our love had only deepened since we had been married. Everything had been quiet, and our lives had returned to normal. I didn’t know when the Black Mass would make a move again, but I knew that they would. 
~*~*~*~*~*~*~

“Come eat, love,” Daniel yelled from the tiny kitchen. Cooking had become something that he done for me, whenever the mood struck and like his mother, he had a knack for it.
“It smells wonderful,” I said, taking a seat at the table. He sat a plate of grilled chicken, asparagus, and corn on the cob in front of me. He opened a bottle of red wine and filled our glasses before taking a seat. 
“Dig in,” he said slicing into his chicken. I took a moment to stare at him. He was just so beautiful. I could look at his face for the rest of eternity and wonder how any man could look as good as he did.
“Wow, Daniel, this is really good. Thank you,” I said, taking another bite of chicken. I had tried my hand at cooking a few times, but after the first stove fire, Daniel insisted that he would cook. 
“I guess since you went through all that trouble of cooking, I could at least give you some dessert,” I said, sliding my tongue up his neck. 
“Dessert sounds amazing right about now.” His arms went around my waist, and he lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around him as he carried me to the couch. I sank into the plush cushions once he laid me down. I held him in my arms as our lips meet. 
“I could hold you forever,” I whispered. He looked up at me and smiled. “Promise,” he replied.
Chapter Fifteen

Things happen for a reason. We may not know what that reason is until it happens, but there is always a reason. I have often wondered why the event’s in our lives must occur; then something happens that never would have if they hadn’t. 
Maybe you get your heart broken by your first love, and then someone comes into your life that you could never live without, or maybe your car breaks down and, the next thing you know, you hear about a wreck that happened on the same road you were heading down, at the same time you had broken down. Unexplained events plague our lives. Sometimes we wish we could go back in time and change what happened knowing that we will never get that chance. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

I sat on our little beach, looking out onto the calm sea. The wind softly whipped through my hair, and I let myself get lost in thought. So many things had happened in my life some horrible, some good, and then some spectacular. When I lost my parents and my brother at eight-years-old, I thought my life would be over. Like a part of me, a big part of me died with them. I never in a million years thought that certain events would change that. I am now married to my soul mate, my best friend, and the love of my life. Daniel is so good to me, and I thank God everyday for putting him in my life. His family has become my own.
I smiled as I thought about all of us together. It was so great to have family back in my life. 
The wind blew, causing me to shiver. I wrapped my arms around my legs. It was past midnight, but I couldn’t sleep. I had been having dreams again. Dreams that I couldn’t understand and wondered what they meant. This was the best spot for me, to just sit and think; there was just something about being outside, letting the wind blow through my hair and watching the wonders of this earth.
“What are you doing out here so late?” I heard a smooth-sexy voice say. I smiled as I felt his love flowing through me. I turned around to see Daniel, standing there in his boxer shorts and his hair messy from sleep. My heart skipped a beat. He was so beautiful.
“I couldn’t sleep, so I thought I would just come out here for a little while.”
 He took a seat beside me, on the towel I had spread. His arms came around my shoulder as he pulled me into him. 
“Did you have the dream again?” He asked concerned. I didn’t answer; he already knew. I lay my head against his chest, feeling instantly comforted. 
“I love you,” I whispered. His lips brushed against my cheek causing the same wonderful tingles. 
“I love you so much, baby,” he said. We sat there in silence for a while, before he started to yawn. I knew that he would stay out here with me until the sun came up. 
“Come on, let’s get back to bed,” I said standing. He took my hand in his, and we made our way back to the cottage. 
I crawled under the cover snuggling as close as I could to Daniel. I loved falling asleep in his strong arms. 
~*~*~*~*~*~*~

The same dream played in my head like a movie. Daniel and I stood on the beach; his hand was gently rubbing my swollen stomach. I felt a movement, and watched as his hand moved.
 “You are going to be such a great father,” I said, looking lovingly into his wonderful eyes. His grin spread wide as he looked at me with so much love. 
“These babies are going to have the greatest mommy in the world,” he said brushing his lips to mine.
Then, there I was, lying in a hospital bed screaming, as Daniel looked at me frightened. I squeezed his head with all my might when I heard one baby cry, then, another a minute later. 
“Congratulations, a little boy and a little girl,” a woman’s voice said. I started to cry when the tiny bundles were placed in my arms. Daniel leaned down and softly kissed their foreheads. 
There were images of both a boy and little girl growing up flashed through my mind. All four of us were playing on the beach, walking through Mary’s flower garden together. Blowing out candles on two cakes, Christmas morning spent together as Daniel and I sat with each other, watching the kids opening presents. We clapped as they held up their diplomas for us to see. 
Then nothing… everything went black, and I could feel evil all around me. 
I awoke in a cold sweat. I looked around and spotted Daniel’s sleeping form. I lay my hand on his back, needing to feel our connection. 
My stomach churned, and I had to run to the toilet just in time. Vomit came up violently.
“Are you okay, Love?” Daniel asked standing in the door-frame. I wiped my mouth and went to the sink to brush my teeth. I rinsed with mouthwash, before I turned to face him. 
“Yeah, I’m good. I think I just ate something bad. You can go back to sleep,” I said, walking out. He gently took hold of my arm and turned me to face him. 
“You don’t look so good, love. Maybe we should take you to see a doctor. You’ve been sick for more than two days now,” he said with concern deep in his voice. 
I didn’t need to see a doctor to know what was wrong with me. I just didn’t know how to tell him. 
“Morgan, I know when you’re keeping something from, I can feel it.”
I blew out a breath. I should have known that he would know. Even though I had the wall up, he could still sense things, just as I could with him. 
“Your right, but right now I would love a cold drink and something to put back in my stomach.” He nodded his head, and we headed into the kitchen. He pulled out two bottles of water from the refrigerator and handed one to me.
“What would you like to eat?”
 I thought it for a moment, and ice cream instantly popped into my head. 
“Do we have any ice cream?” He smiled and opened the freezer, pulling out a whole carton of chocolate-chip cookie dough. He got two spoons out and handed me one. I dug in not waiting for a bowl. 
“Well, that seems to do the trick,” he said smiling brightly at me. I looked up at him, embarrassed that I had just inhaled two huge spoonfuls. 
His thumb caressed my cheek softly as I closed my eyes at the feel of his smooth skin. 
“Daniel, I know why I have been having the dreams,” I said through closed eyes. He sat down beside me as his hand rubbed my back. 
“Okay, tell me please.” I took a deep breath and exhaled. I opened my eyes and stared deeply into his. It was amazing at how looking at him could make all my fears go away. I didn’t know if that was what everyone felt when they looked at the one they loved, but for me, it was exactly what I need. 
“I’m pregnant,” I said slowly. I watched his mouth open wide as he stared at me shocked. The same expression was on his face that mine had held when I figured it out the previous day. 
“Are you sure? I mean have you taken a test or anything?” He asked nervously. 
I took hold of his hand and let my wall fall away. I replayed my dream, so he could see it just as I had. 
“Shit, Morgan… that was intense. Is this the dream you’ve been having?”
 I nodded my head at his question. It was such a crazy dream, seeing Daniel and me, have kids before it even happened, but I knew it was true. 
“I am so scared. The feeling I get at the end of this dream—it is evil. I’m afraid something is going to happen to our children Daniel.” His hand tightened around mine. 
“We don’t know what the future holds for us, or for our children, but we will do everything that we can, to keep them safe.” He placed his hand on my stomach and began to gently rub. 
“We have each other love. Together we can get through anything.” 
With those words, I let myself relax. No matter what we would have to face, no matter what came our way, we would get through it; together
Chapter Sixteen



I felt the room start to spin as I struggled to keep my balance. Sweat dripped down my forehead and into my eyes. My legs began to shake uncontrollably, and I hit the floor seconds later. The plush white carpet did little to cushion my fall. Luckily, I didn’t land on my protruding stomach, but on my back. I felt wetness running down my legs, and I started to scream. 
“Daniel, Daniel, please,” I shouted as loud as I could. 
Something was wrong, very wrong. I heard footsteps running down the stairs, and I knew that he was on his way. I tried to fight the urge to close my eyes, but there was so much pain; I just wanted to rest for a moment. I winced when my pain shot through my stomach and continued down my spine. I felt dizzy. I could not hold out any longer. I needed to rest. Yes, everyone had told me that I should rest since I was overdue. I closed my eyes thinking of my babies. They were being stubborn, just like their parents. 
Suddenly, I found myself floating on clouds as I watched a little boy and a little girl chasing after one another. The little girl ran over to me. Her golden-brown curls bouncing with each step she took.
“I love you, Mommy,” she said throwing her little arms around my neck. I hugged her close to me, the smell of sunshine reaching my nose. I took a deep breath and smiled. This was my little girl. I looked over to where the boy stood locked in place. I motioned for him to come join us, but he didn’t move. I could see Daniel in his little face; he was a spitting image of his father. Same brown hair, hazel eyes, and same plump mouth. I motioned to him again. I wanted to hold both my children tightly to me. Tears started to streak his face, as he shook his head no. I started to get up to walk over to him, but before I could, the cloud he stood on started to float away.
“NO,” I screamed.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

I opened my eyes and gasped for air. The pain in my stomach was overwhelming. It felt like I had been cut apart and stretched beyond what was humanly possible. I tried to move my arms, but they wouldn’t budge. I looked from side to side, only to see my hands strapped down to something. I started to panic. Where was I? Why was I in so much pain? I was pregnant, for crying out loud. I needed to know if my babies were all right. 
“It’s okay, love,” Daniel said in a soothing voice. 
I felt something sharp pierce my side and the pain quickly started to fade away. I became sleepy again, but I didn’t want to close my eyes. I needed to know if my babies were going to be okay.
“Are they okay?” I asked just before my eyes closed again. I tried to open them back up, but it felt like boulders were holding them down. I tried to ask about my babies again, but it came out all jumbled. 
I could hear voices all around me, but no one said anything about the babies. Blackness started to take over my mind. There was nothing left for me to do, except sleep. I didn’t fight against it any longer. This time there weren’t any clouds; there wasn’t anything, only blackness surrounding me. 
I became lost in the darkness. I couldn’t find the strength to open my eyes. I could hear everything going on around me, but my eyes just would not open. Not even for Daniel, who never left my side. I heard every loving word that he said to me; every plea he made for me to wake up, but there was nothing I could do, but lay and listen.  I listened for the mention of our babies, but no one ever said a word about them. They must have been born already, that had to be why I was strapped down. I wondered why he was not with them; they would need at least one of the parents with them. 
I felt a warm hand cover mine, and soon my whole arm was tingling. I would know that feeling anywhere. Daniel was holding my hand.
“Morgan, my love, please, please come back to me. I cannot live one day on this earth without you. I need you.”
My heart broke at his words. I desperately tried to open my eyes, but again, they were just too heavy. 
I heard the door open, and heavy footsteps make their way over to us. 
“I brought you something to eat. I know that you don’t want to, but you have to keep yourself strong for Morgan, as well as your baby,” Mary said tenderly. 
What did she mean baby; No, that wasn’t right. I was pregnant with twins. The doctor had told me that I would be giving birth to a boy and a girl. My head started to spin as I tried to think about what Mary had just said. I forced my legs to move. I had to wake up from this horrible nightmare. I needed to hold Daniel and our babies in my arms. My arms started moving frantically; pain shot through my entire body. 
“AHHHHH,” I screamed. The pain was excruciating. 
“It’s going to be okay, Morgan,” Mary said. I felt something sharp piece my skin again and the pain slowly faded away. I couldn’t see or hear anything this time. There was nothing, but darkness engulfing me. 
Chapter Seventeen
August 18- Present day

I sat on the edge of the cliff. Our cliff; it was the one spot I could go to and feel at peace. I hadn’t been back here for five years. The painful memories were too much to bear. I pulled a handful of grass from the ground letting the slick blades slip through my fingers. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I felt the tears already starting to form behind my eyelids, but I would not let them fall, not today. I lifted my head toward the sun, instantly feeling the warmth on my skin. 
I heard a squeal and opened my eyes. I smiled when I spotted Bailey running away from Daniel. Her golden-brown curls were bouncing with each step she took. I laughed when he held the huge squirt gun in her direction, threatening to shoot. Her little legs were running as fast as they could manage and still Daniel was holding back. The picture warmed my heart. Daniel was an amazing father. I wiped the single tear away from my cheek at the thought of my Son. He would be turning five alongside Bailey today, but sadly, he had been stillborn. The pain of losing him was unbearable at times, but I knew that he was standing with God, with my family, and he was in the best hands he could be in. 
“Mommy, Mommy, Daddy says he’s going to shoot you right in the head,” she said running in my direction. 
I stood up and caught her in my arms. I squeezed her gently before setting her back down. 
“You tell Daddy to bring it on, but I really don’t think that he could keep up with Mommy. How about we take a water break,” I yelled to Daniel. 
He nodded his head before he headed into the house. 
“Are you ready for your party?” 
Bailey jumped up and down, screaming as loudly as she could. I laughed at her excitement. It was easy to get caught up in her joy; she was just so amazing. 
“It’s your party too, Mommy. Nanny Mary says that you get a cake the same as me. Won’t that be fun… we can blow out the candles together,” she said clapping her hands. 
“It will be the best birthday ever,” I said enthusiastically. 
This had been Bailey’s first visit to the island since she was born, and everyone was beyond excited for our return. 
Daniel and I had decided it would be best to move into the real world, once she was old enough to travel. We were still young, and being on this island with the memories haunting us, just wasn’t good for us. We needed a fresh start and of that we both agreed. We had moved back to Angels Cove, Georgia. We moved into his family’s house, while Kevin moved into mine. He was still our protector, but he had also become protector of Bailey. 
We have become the keepers of Georgia; always fighting to keep it safe, although The Black Mass didn’t dare to come into our territory. 
“Mary insisted that you have some of her fresh lemonade,” Daniel said, snapping me out of my thoughts. I looked at him in wonder before accepting the large glass he held out. I would never get over just how beautiful he really was. 
“Thank you, love.” 
“Can I go play with Uncle Kevin,” Bailey asked. 
“Of course you can, sweetheart, but remember your party starts in an hour. Tell uncle Kevin to tell you when it‘s been an hour,” Daniel said before she ran off. 
Daniel took my hand in his, as we turned to look at the Sea below. This had always been our spot, and it felt good to be back here with him. 
“Are you okay?” He asked. I knew he thought that I would break down at any moment, but I also knew he was only concerned for me.
“I’m not going to lie, Daniel; it’s painful. When I see Bailey running around here, so beautiful, I can only imagine what he would have looked like. I wish I had him here with us, but I know that it wasn’t meant to be. It’s still painful though.” 
I felt his strong arm’s wrap around my waist, and I was immediately comforted. 
I wish we had him here, too. I am just so thankful that we have Bailey, who is healthy. She is our blessing.”
He was right. Bailey had always been healthy. She had never been sick a day in her life, and I was beyond thankful for that. I thought about the night I had awoken from my coma, and Daniel placed her in my arms. She was the most amazing thing I had ever laid eyes on. Our little Bailey Grace McKay; the greatest gift God had ever given to us. I closed my eyes and I suddenly I was back in Mary’s bedroom. I remember finally forcing my eyes open. Daniel jumped to my side and kissed my lips before I could speak. I could still feel the wetness on my cheek from his tears. 
“You’re awake. My love, you came back to me,” he said. I looked at him with nothing, but love. His voice brought me back. 
“Where are our babies?” I asked looking into his hazel eyes. He stood up straight and began to pace the room. I knew that something was wrong by the way he was acting. 
“Daniel, please tell me where our babies are,” I pleaded. 
He walked back over to me and took my hand in his. “Our daughter is with Mother. She is beautiful and healthy. She weighed six pounds and fifteen ounces. She’s, of course, looks just like her mother.”
I waited for him to tell me about our Son, but he just stood there. His eyes held sadness and I didn’t know why.
“What about our little boy?” 
He took a deep breath and exhaled. “Our Son didn’t make it, love. He wasn’t breathing when they took him out, and still wasn’t breathing, even after Kevin tried to heal him. He’s not with us anymore.”
I couldn’t control my sobs. I had lost my Son. Once I had come out of my coma, the days seemed to be dark and lonely. I shut out everyone around me. I would not get out of bed; I wouldn’t hold my little girl. I just couldn’t do anything until I had a dream of my little boy running around in Heaven. My parents were watching him and my brother Logan was chasing him around. He was no longer a baby, but a growing little boy. I always thought he would take after his father, but he looked more like me. His hair was the same golden brown, and his eyes were the same green as mine. He was happy. After I had awoken from that dream, I picked the pieces of my life up and began to put it back together; I bonded with Bailey and had never left her side since. Daniel and I were stronger than we had ever been and that is when we decided to leave the island. 
“Morgan, are you still with me?” 
“I’m sorry; I was just overtaken by memories.” I finished the tasty glass of lemonade, and we made our way back to the house. As always, Mary was in the kitchen putting last-minute details on Bailey’s princess cake. 
“Happy birthday, Morgan, do you think Bailey is going to like her cake?” I looked at the massive four-tier cake and wondered what little girl wouldn’t like to have a huge castle cake. 
“Um, yeah I’m pretty sure she is going to absolutely love it. Thank you again, Mary, for putting the party together,” I said, dipping my finger in the bowl of icing. She looked over at me and smiled. 
“You do not have to thank me for throwing my granddaughter’s fifth birthday party. We are just glad that you all decided to let her spend it here on the island. It really is a special place, especially for a little girl.” 
“Yes; it really is. Bailey just loves you all so much. Can I help you with anything?”
“You just go enjoy yourself, honey. You know I love doing this,” she said shooing Daniel and I out of the kitchen. We laughed as we walked back outside. Mary would never change. 
“Do you want to walk through the gardens with me,” Daniel asked. I took his hand in mine. “I would love nothing more.” 
The summer flowers were in full bloom. They were all so lovely, but the roses were my favorite. As we walked through, I could smell the wonderful aroma that they produced. I loved the smell of roses in the summer; it reminded me of childhood. Roses were my mother’s favorite flower, and she always had them growing around our house. 
“So, today is also your birthday, and I have something for you,” Daniel said. I turned to look at him. He stood right we he had purposed to me years earlier. 
“Daniel, love, you didn’t have to get me anything. Just being with you and Bailey is more than I could ask for.”
“I know I didn’t have to, Morgan, but you are my wife and the love of my life. I hope you like it,” he said handing me a small black box. I slowly took the lid off and looked inside. The box held a beautiful charm bracelet. I took it out of the box and held it up to see. The silver linked chain held two charms. One was of two hearts overlaying each other. My name was engraved over one heart and Daniel’s name was engraved over the other. The second charm was of a single heart, with a Peridot stone in the middle. It was Bailey’s birthstone. I slid it on my wrist, and Daniel clasped it together. 
“I love it. Thank you,” I said, smiling up at him. 
He brought his hand to my cheek and gently stroked. I looked into his wonderful hazel eyes as our lips came together. I would never get used to all the electricity that flowed between us. I had wondered before we married if that would ever fade. Well, it was stronger now than it was then. His tongue parted my lips and slid inside. My arms went around his neck as our tongues meet and started their slow dance. 
“You are amazing,” I said, once we pulled apart. His lips brushed mine once more before we heard Kevin say it was time for the party. 
“No, my love, you are the most amazing woman I have ever met and your all mine,” he said taking my hand and leading me out of the garden. 
Bailey was jumping in her bounce house as we approached. Princess decorations were scattered everywhere. Alvin stood at the grill with Murray and Geneva was helping Mary with the huge cake. It certainly was good to celebrate with our family. It was good to be back to the place I had called home.
“What’s up, Juliet? You look flushed. Tell me you and Casanova here didn’t sneak in a quickie,” Kevin said as we approached.
I playfully punched his arm when I was close enough.
 “Come on, Kevin, you know that anything between Daniel, and I will never be quick,” I replied with a wink. 
Bailey blew out the candles on her princess cake and looked up at me. “Happy birthday, Mommy, I love you more than the whole wide world,” she said and everyone started singing happy birthday again. I turned to see Mary holding another cake. I blew out the candles and hugged everyone. 
“Thank you so much,” I said looking at my family. I loved them, each and everyone with all of my heart. 
After Bailey opened her presents, we chased each other with water balloons. It was the greatest birthday I could remember having; except for my nineteenth birthday, when I met Daniel.
“I’m glad to see a smile on your pretty face, Morgan,” Mary said approaching. I looked at the woman who had become my second mother. I had been blessed when she came into my life. I was worried at first, but she wasn’t one of them mother in laws that criticized your every move. She had been nothing, but supportive of both Daniel and I, even when we had decided to move. 
“It’s good to be back. I hadn’t realized how much I missed it here.” 
She placed her hand on my shoulder looking at me as only a mother could.
 “It’s good to have you back. So, how are things going with you?” She asked. I could hear the concern in her voice, and I knew that it was because she was worried about me.
I turned my head away from her and looked at Bailey running around. Both Kevin and Daniel chased her with water balloons. She was my little miracle. 
“You know, Mary; I am doing really well. I still have the memories of that night and the pain of losing my baby boy. They sometimes haunt my every thought, but I have worked very hard, not to let them take me over. I can’t let them consume my every thought.”
“Losing a child is something you will never forget, but you have come a long way.”
My memories took over again; taking me back to the night I found out what had happened to me, to my son. After Daniel had told me that our son didn’t make it, I went into hysterics. The pain was overtaking my body when Kevin came in with some pain medication. I begged him to give me something that wouldn’t put me back to sleep. He agreed and ended up giving me something that wiped the pain out completely. 
“What happened?” I asked looking from him to Daniel. Kevin took a seat at the edge of my bed. 
“I don’t know how to explain what happened. You went into labor and passed out. When we found you unconscious, we had to take the babies out right away. Bailey came first followed by your son. He wasn’t breathing, and we tried everything we could. I knew instantly after seeing him, what had happened. He had the mark of a death spell on the inside of his wrist. It was very small, almost undetectable, but I recognized it. I can’t say for sure who put that spell on you, but it had to come from an experienced witch or wizard. My guess would be Phil, since he was the last one who saw you, and you were definitely pregnant when the battle took place. The strain of the spell put you in a coma. I think the spell was meant for you, but went to your baby. You’ve been in a coma for two weeks, Morgan.”
His words hit me like a ton of bricks. The anger that flared up was more than I had ever felt before. I wanted to kill all who was a part of The Black Mass. I wanted them all to suffer as much as I was in that moment. They had taken my baby away from me. I hated them, and I knew in that moment that I would do everything that I could to take them out. 
“Morgan, honey, are you okay?” Mary asked shaking my arm. I forced the horrid memories away and smiled. 
“I’m fine. I just got sucked into my memories for a moment, but all is good,” I said, shaking the fogginess away. That had been five years ago. I had moved forward with my life. I had a wonderful husband and a beautiful, healthy little girl; I couldn’t ask for more.
Daniel and I tucked Bailey into her bed when night fell. She had worn herself out today and was now fast asleep. Mary had turned my old room into her room, complete with every frilly thing she could find. I turned her night light on and Daniel, and I went to our room. I was glad that the rooms connected. I didn’t like to have her too far from me. 
I turned down the cover and climbed into bed. I had made it through the day, without any major breakdowns and Bailey had a wonderful fifth birthday. It was still hard to believe that she was already that old. 
“I love you,” Daniel said as he climbed in beside me. His strong arms gathered me in a loving embrace. He held on to me tightly, his breath falling on my skin.
“I love you so much, Daniel. Thank you for today and for putting up with me over the years. You and Bailey, you both, are the best part of my life.”
I felt his lips brush my shoulder, sending shivers throughout my body.
 “You are simply amazing. There is nowhere in this world I would rather be, than with you. You make my life complete,” he whispered in my ear. 
I held on to his arms, wanting them, to never leave. He was my rock, my light, and my love, through everything. I would never have been able to move forward, if it wasn’t for him, I would still be consumed by hate. 
Chapter Eighteen
“Time to wake up,” Bailey’s voice sang happily. I forced my eyes open, wiping the sleep away. I spotted my little girl sitting in the middle of the bed, a smile on her angelic face. 
“Good Morning, Princess,” I said, brushing the hair from her eyes. Daniel rolled over, then gripped her in his arms and kissed her sweet cheeks. 
“Nanny and Grandpa said to tell you that it was time to wake up. You’re going to be late for breakfast,” she said jumping out of the bed. She was out of the door before we could say anything. 
“You heard the lady, time for breakfast,” Daniel said getting out of bed. I took a moment to look at his muscular body. If we had the house alone, I would have grabbed him right there. Instead, I forced myself out of the bed and grabbed my robe. The silk felt cool on my hot skin. I tied the belt in front and followed Daniel out of the room. 
As soon as we were down the steps, I heard the mix of voices coming from the kitchen. I laughed to myself. The kitchen had always been the main gathering place here. I didn’t think that Mary ever left; it was her absolute favorite place to be.
“There’s a fresh pot of coffee waiting for you,” she said as soon as we entered. Ah, she knew us both, too well. Daniel pulled out two coffee mugs and filled them to the rim.
 “Here you go, love,” he said handing a cup to me. 
“Thanks.” I took the cup and added some hazelnut creamer. The first drink was simply delicious, that was one thing that never changed; I was still addicted to coffee. 
Daniel and I took a seat at the huge table beside Bailey and Alvin. We knew by now that Mary would never let us help her, so we didn’t even ask. I wouldn’t complain though; I was a wreck in the kitchen. I was lucky that Daniel got that craft from his mother. 
“How’d you all sleep last night?” Alvin asked neatly folding is newspaper and placing it on the table. His eyeglasses were sitting on top of his nose, making him look silly. Bailey reached her little finger up and pushed them to their rightful spot.
“There you go grandpa.”
We all laughed together at her act. She just looked at us funny before she went back to playing with her pink, my little pony. 
“Actually, we slept well,” Daniel said looking up at his father. They carried on a conversation about the stock market, and I tuned them out. To me, there was nothing more boring to talk about.
Kevin walked in just as Mary was setting the food on the table. I noticed the sad look in his eyes, but he tried to hide it behind his smile. There was something wrong, and it worried me. I would wait until after breakfast to ask him about it. I knew that he was an extremely private person with his problems, and I wouldn’t embarrass him in front of everyone. 
I fixed Bailey a plate first, filling it full of bacon and eggs her favorite. I opted for the pancakes and bacon. As always, it was scrumptious. Mary always outdid herself in the kitchen. 
“Daniel, if you have a minute, I need to discuss something with you,” Alvin said getting up from the table. 
“Yeah, sure,” Daniel replied looking at me. He placed a kiss on my cheek and followed Alvin out of the room. 
“How would you like to help Nanny load the dishwasher, and then we can bake some yummy cupcakes.” Bailey ran over to Mary and threw her little arms around her waist. 
“I would love to do that,” she replied. Mary gave me a knowing look as I stayed still at the table. Kevin was just sitting there in a daze. 
“Hey, Kevin, you want to go for a walk with me?” I asked. His head snapped up. He started to shake his head no, but I stood before he could. I grabbed his hand pulling him out of the chair. 
“Bailey, you be a good girl for Nanny. Mommy will be outside if you need me,” I said, placing a kiss on her cheek. She just nodded her little head and went back to placing the dishes in the washer.
I held Kevin’s hand as we headed outside. The sun was brightly shining, and the warmth fell upon my skin. I took a deep breath of the fresh air; this was what I had needed. We walked in silence until we reached the cliff. The Sea was calm today, barely making any movement at all. I took a seat on the grass and patted the spot beside me. Kevin hesitated before he flopped down beside me. 
“Kevin, I don’t know if I have ever thanked you for everything you have done for me. Without you, protecting us, I don’t know what we would do, but also not only that… I think of you as a brother, you know that right. I think it is time for me to help you out. What is going on? Before you tell me that there is nothing going on, know that I can sense when something isn’t right, especially with people I am close to.”
He lowered his head onto his knees. I wasn’t sure if he would talk to me about it, but I had to try. I looked out onto the horizon, as I waited for him to open up to me. The beauty of this Island still amazed me. It felt good to get away from it all for just a little while. Bailey would be starting kindergarten soon enough and I knew something else was going on. I could feel it this morning when Alvin asked to talk to Daniel. It had been quiet for long enough, and I could feel the evil ones getting antsy.
“Madison ended things with me,” Kevin simply said. 
That is what was going on. I was shocked that Madison would just end things; it was so not like her. She loved Kevin this, I was sure of. 
“What happened?” I asked placing my hand on his back. He brought his head up and I could see a stray tear slid down his face. 
“I won’t commit; that’s what it comes down to. She has given me so much in the last six years and all she wanted was for me to commit to her.”
I nodded my head. I knew that Madison had been growing impatient. She loved Kevin and couldn’t understand why he hadn’t purposed to her yet. I didn’t ever think that she would end things with him. 
“Kevin, I know that, you and Madison, love each other. I have seen your relationship evolve over the years, so why is it that you won’t put a ring on her finger?” 
I felt his muscles tense beside me before he answered. 
“I want nothing more than to make Madison my wife. I have been in love with her since I first meet her Morgan. She means the world to me, but how can I marry her, give her a family, when I know that I will outlive her. How could I stand to live my life once she is gone? I just can’t get past that little fork in the road. It would kill me to lose her.”
I knew something about Madison that not even she knew; something that would change the way Kevin felt about marrying her. On my twenty-second birthday, I gained another one of my powers. When it first happened, I didn’t know what to think. I remember it so clearly to this day. Daniel and I needed a night out together, so I called Madison to baby-sit Bailey. Daniel took me out to dinner for my birthday, and a movie after. When we returned home, Daniel went upstairs to check on Bailey. I walked Madison to the door and thanked her for babysitting. I hugged her before she turned to leave, and it happened. I closed my eyes as images of Madison flashed before me. I had had a vision, my first one. 
“Kevin, what if I told you something that would change the way you feel about your relationship with Madison?”
He looked over at me and rolled his eyes. 
“I really don’t know what you could tell me that would make me change my mind. It is just too painful to think about. I know that I am taking the easy way out and whatever time I have with her would be a blessing, but I just can’t get past the fact that I will only have her with me for so long,” he said standing. 
“I think you might want to stay and hear what I have to say,” I said standing.
He looked at me and came to stand by my side. I didn’t really know how to tell him what I had to say, but I knew it would save his relationship with the woman, he was in love with. I took a deep breath before I began.
“So, there’s something that I can do, but I haven’t told anyone about it; not even Daniel. It’s one of my powers that I gained it when I turned twenty two,” I paused to look up at him. His blue- eyes looked at me suspiciously, and I knew he was wondering why I had not told anyone about it. 
“I’m listening,” he simply said.
“So, when I first discovered this power, it was with Madison. It took me by surprise when it happened; I didn’t know what to think of it. I have visions Kevin. It doesn’t happen often and when it does happen, it’s only when I am touching someone.”
“What do you mean? Do you have visions of the future like my mother?” 
“Something like that, but they are not always about the future. Some are of the past; some are about the present, and some are about certain things about people that they, themselves, don’t even know about,” I explained. He looked at me as if I was crazy. 
“So what did you see with Madison?”
I turned my head away from him and tried to think of a way to tell him without him thinking that I was crazy. Although it did sound insane, and I had a hard time believing it at first myself, I knew it was true.
“My vision of Madison was different. I was shown something about her that was special, only it was hidden beneath her. She doesn’t know what she really is.” 
He started laughing at me when I finished. “And what is she really?” I knew he would have a hard time believing me, and I hadn’t even told him the rest. 
“Madison is special. She’s a Fairy; I mean like a real Fairy,” I finished. He looked at me with a serious expression for a moment, and then his laughter took back over. I waited for him to get it out of his system. I had the same reaction when I had first seen her vision, but I went to Geneva with my questions. I knew that she would be the one to know if it could really be true.
“Really, Morgan, You think that Madison is a Fairy?” He asked wiping the tears from his eyes. He laughed that hard.
“Kevin, do you remember when I first found out about who I was? All the things that, you and Daniel, told me, about who I was supposed to be? I thought you both were crazy, but I kept an open mind. I am asking you to do the same. At first, I thought I was crazy. I mean there is no such thing as Fairies, but after everything that I had seen with my own eyes, I had to find out if this could be true. I first went to your mother. I didn’t tell her about my vision, but instead asked her about mythical creatures; Fairies being the focus. She didn’t laugh at me when I asked, but instead informed me about them.”
“Wouldn’t I know if Fairies were real?” He asked looking sternly at me. “Fairies are well hidden in the world and there’re few out there; so, no, not necessarily. Geneva told me that a Fairy is born to a strong-willed woman, someone who holds compassion, love, peace, and strength within them. Of course, they have to have the Fairy bloodline for it to happen. Therefore, I did some research on Madison’s family. Her mother’s bloodline has everything from elfin’s to spiritual healers in it. There are no documents showing where they originated from, but her great-grandmother was raised in Europe. She moved to the USA when she married and started her family. It is believed that Fairies hold magical powers not of this earth and are known to be great healers. They happen to live a very long life.” 
He didn’t look at me for a long time. I didn’t interrupt his thoughts; I knew that what I just told him was a lot to take in. It was still hard for me to believe that my best friend was a Fairy. 
“Morgan, are you one hundred percent certain that she is what you said she is?” He asked finally.
“I wouldn’t tell you any of this if I wasn’t. She just does not know it. My vision was clear, and I have done my research. I really didn’t know how to tell her, or I would have done so already.”
He shook his head at my words. “This is just so crazy, and I still can’t believe that you have kept this to yourself for so long.” 
I regretted not telling the ones closest to me, but at the time, I did not fully understand what had happened, or if they even, were visions. It didn’t happen again for almost a year, after my experience with Madison. The next time it happened, I accidentally bumped into a stranger at the grocery store and had a vision about how she would die. That is when I knew, and it was all so much to take in.
“I’m sorry for not telling you sooner, Kevin. I know that I should have, but I don’t know, maybe I didn’t know how to. Maybe I just doubted myself at the time, but I hope that now you guys will be able to work things out.”
He threw his arms around me in a surprise hug. “Thank you. You have given me hope now. I just hope she believes it.” My heart swelled at his happiness. I knew that Madison would believe it. She had always felt that something was different about her; she just did not know what. Things would work out for them and they both deserved it. 
Chapter Nineteen
“Morgan, love, can you and Kevin meet us in the library?” Daniel’s voice floated through my mind. His voice held tension, and I wondered what was going on.
“We are being summoned to the library,” I told Kevin. He smiled his crooked smile, and we headed inside. I checked on Bailey, who was still in the kitchen, mixing something in a large bowl with Mary. 
I followed Kevin up the stairs and down the long hallway. When we entered the room, I could instantly feel the tension in the air. Daniel was seated on the black leather couch, and Alvin stood stiffly by the window. I took a seat beside Daniel, while we waited for someone to speak. 
“Morgan, Kevin, we have some important issues to discuss. I apologize for having to bring this up to you, Morgan. I would rather not, but as it concerns you, and you are also our future leader; I have no other option,” Alvin said as he turned to face us. 
“It’s my job, Alvin. No need to apologize, I can handle whatever is going on, but I can feel that it’s not good.”
Daniel took my hand and held it tightly in his. His palm was sweaty, and I knew this wasn’t a good sign. 
“We have a situation that needs immediate attention.” I felt Daniel tense beside me; His grip on my hand tightened, until I could no longer feel my fingers. 
“What’s going on, Alvin?” 
“It has come to our attention that Luke is no longer with The Black Mass. He has severed his ties with them, and now he wants to join forces with the Warriors,” Alvin stated mechanically. 
“When hell freezes over,” Kevin shouted. I was frozen in place; I didn’t know what to say. How could this be happing and why would Luke suddenly decide that he didn’t want to serve his father anymore?
“He hasn’t been with them for some time now, and he has asked us to consider him. Obviously, I do not trust him, but I can’t just turn him away when there is some goodness still in him. I can sense it, and I know that Morgan had sensed it as well. We are supposed to save souls, if there is still something good in them, so I can’t just turn him away,” Alvin explained. 
I knew that, deep down, he was right, but getting past everything that he had done to me, and my family was going to be a challenge. I didn’t even know if that was something that I wanted to do. 
“We have to consider all our options. If he has truly changed, then he will be an added benefit to our team. We have Geneva and Murray with him right now. There are several things that need to be done, and we have to know that he’s willing to change for good, or he’s on his own.”
Kevin looked at me and raised his eyebrow. I knew it was time to let my secret power out of the bag. I could try to get something from Luke, but I doubted that it would work. Having a vision of someone wasn’t something that I could just make happen; it just did, but it was worth a shot. 
“I don’t like the idea of Luke joining us one bit, but I do agree with Alvin. I have felt goodness within him,” I said, looking at the men who stood before me. Daniel let go of my hand and jumped off the couch. 
“How could you even agree with that? After all that he has done to you, Morgan. I don’t trust him, and I don’t want him anywhere near my family. We have to think about Bailey.”
“Now, Son, you know that I would never do anything that would put Bailey in harm,” Alvin said.
“Of course you wouldn’t; we know that. This is just all so hard to take in, but I may be able to help. You see I have a power that none of you know about, except for Kevin, who just learned of it today. I have been having visions for the past three years. I have to make contact with someone, and even then it’s only a select few that I am able to see,” I explained looking at Daniel and Alvin.
“You do what?” Daniel asked confused. 
“I have visions. They can range from someone’s future, past, present, or something that, they, themselves, have yet to find out,” I explained again to him and Alvin. 
The tiny green flecks in his hazel eyes start to glow. I knew that they only glowed in a moment of passion, or when he was angry. Unfortunately, I knew it was because he was angry with me for keeping it a secret. 
“Why wouldn’t you tell me about something so important?”
 I looked at him and realized that I had been wrong not to tell him. I walked over to where he stood taking both his hands in mine. 
“Daniel, I am so sorry for not telling you, but please understand that I was in a very dark place. I didn’t know what to make of my first vision, and the second didn’t happen until a year later. Some of the things I have seen, it sometimes can be too much.
I could feel the tension leaving his body, and his face softened. “Sorry, I know that things were very hard at that time, and I couldn’t imagine what it must be like, to see the things you must see. Have you seen anything about me?” He asked. 
I felt relieved that he wasn’t upset with me any longer. I held on tighter to his hands, comforted by the love flowing from him.
“No, I haven’t had any visions of you or of the family. It has always been strangers, with the exception of Madison.” 
I could hear his thoughts before he voiced them. “What did you see?” 
“I will explain to you later, but it was nothing bad. Right now, we need to settle the matter at hand,” I said, letting the vision of Madison float into my mind. I knew that he would be able to see it and he would be relieved. Madison became a sister to both, him and me. 
“Do you think that you would be able to see anything about Luke,” Alvin asked. I let go of Daniel’s hands and began to pace. I took a minute to think about what he asked. 
“I honestly don’t know, but it wouldn’t hurt to try. Has Geneva been able to see anything?” 
Alvin just shook his head from side to side. “She has tried, but she hasn’t been able to see anything to do with Luke. I understand that this is going to be hard for you all; I mean seeing Luke again, and maybe even have him fighting alongside you,” he paused and took a deep breath. Just like his Son, I could see the tension that had built up in him. 
“I wouldn’t even consider it if I thought that he may be fooling us, but there is something in him, something good, and we have got to try for the sake of his soul. This is what we do and what we fight for.”
We all knew that he was right. We fought for the goodness of people, and if there were still some in Luke, then we would fight to save him. He had never really had a change; his father was the devil. I didn’t like the idea of being around him, but I knew that I would not turn my back on him either. 
“Where is he now?” I asked Alvin. 
“Right now, I have him in Maine. It is the safest place for now; until we can find out more.” 
I looked over at Daniel. He stood with his hands in the front of his jeans, and his face expressionless. 
“Daniel, I will leave this up to you. I know how you feel about Luke, and if you do not want to do this then we will not. I trust your decision,” I said, sitting back down on the couch. He took his hands out of his pocket and rubbed his face. Then he looked over at me and huffed out a breath. 
“I don’t like the idea of you being around him. It’s no secret that I don’t trust him, but I know that this is what we do. We will do whatever we can to save his soul. I have only one condition; I don’t want you to be around him alone. I mean not at all. I have seen the things that he has done to you, love, and I will not put you in harm’s way again,” he said looking only at me. His eyes on me could still make my heart start pounding. I loved that we still had that intimate connection to each other. 
“Agreed, I don’t want to ever be alone with him. So, when do we go to Maine?” I asked looking over at Alvin. 
“How does Tomorrow sound? Mary would love to watch Bailey, so that won’t be an issue, and we shouldn’t be gone too long.” 
We all agreed to leave out the next morning. I felt a little apprehensive of leaving Bailey behind, but I did not want her to be around anyone who could possibly hurt her. I trusted Mary with my life, and I knew that she would take amazing care of my little girl. Not to mention Bailey was super excited to have a sleep over with just her Nanny.
“Mommy, this will be the greatest. Nanny says that we can make cookies, watch The Lion King, and stay up way past bedtime,” she excitedly said. I couldn’t contain my smile at her excitement. 
“You will have a great time, sweetheart. Just remember to be on your best behavior for Nanny.” She looked up at me with her big hazel eyes and simply said, “I’m always a good girl, duh.” 
Pick out three toys to bring with you into the tub, and I will start the water,” I said, heading into the bathroom. After I got the water, perfect, I added some of Bailey’s strawberry bubble bath. She always had to have bubbles when you took a bath, and I always had to make her get out. If I didn’t know better, I would say that she was secretly a mermaid. 
“All ready, Mommy,” Bailey said from the doorway. I turned around to get her undressed and noticed the armful of toys she was holding. 
“Didn’t I tell you only three toys Bailey?” She looked at me innocently and poked her bottom lip out. “But, Mommy, I need all of these to play.” I shook my head and smiled. 
“Go and put them in.” She threw the armful of toys into the water causing bubbles to splash us both. I rolled my eyes thinking that I would never be able to tell her no. She was just too sweet, and she knew how to poke that bottom lip out good. 
After, Bailey’s thirty-minute bath, I got her in her Hello Kitty pajamas and took her to bed. After we read “Love You Forever,” I tucked her in and together we said her night-night prayer. Her eyes closed almost instantly, and I lay beside her just, staring. I was always amazed by her beauty, and I just loved watching her sleep. After a few minutes, I crept out of her bed, turned on her night-light and went to my bedroom; I was worn out. 
I changed into my pajama shorts and tank top before getting into bed. When I came out of the bathroom, Daniel was lying on the bed. He looked over at me when I climbed in beside him. 
“Did Bailey go to sleep?” He asked.
 “Yeah, she is out like a light.” I put my arm across his stomach and laid my head on his chest. I inhaled his sweet-scent as my fingers glided over his smooth skin. 
“Mmm, that feels so good,” he said closing his eyes. I brought my lips to his neck and slowly brushed them lightly across. I heard the rumble in his chest when my tongue glided up to his mouth. I traced the outline of his lips and then slid my tongue inside his delicious mouth. I let myself get lost in his deep kiss, his sweet taste, and the feeling of being one with him. His kiss deepened and soon he had managed to get on top of me. My body felt good under his weight. I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. His tongue tailed down my chin, neck, and to the top of my breasts. I wanted to feel his mouth all over my body and not willing to wait any longer; I unhooked my bra and threw it into the floor. His tongue flicked my nipple, causing it to harden. I moaned softly and I arched my back, letting him take my breast into his mouth. His free hand cupped its twin as his fingers slowly ran across my nipple. My body became hot and I needed him, all of him. I pulled his shirt over his hand and brought him down to me.
 I loved the feel of our bare bodies pressed together. It did not take long before he had my shorts off and his pants. I could feel his hardness pressing into my stomach as our tongues passionately danced together. His hand ran down my side, down my thigh and back up. His fingers brushed across my panties causing my intimate parts to become moist. I couldn’t take it any longer. I tugged at his boxers and freed him. My fingertips lightly traced his smooth shaft up and down. He moaned and then frantically pulled my panties off. He lifted himself over top me and brought his massiveness to my entrance.  
“Don’t tease me, love; I need you inside of me,” I whispered. He smiled down at me before he glided inside of me. I moaned when he had completely filled me and bit my lip to stay quiet. The electricity flowed through us, as he brought his mouth down, hard on mine. Our rhythm perfectly matched each other’s as we plunged over the edge and brought to our peaks. 
“I love you,” he murmured. His body held me pinned down, but I wouldn’t have it any other way. I loved the feel of him against me, the feel of him still inside of me. I kissed his neck and held onto him tightly. This was the most amazing man I had ever met, and he was all mine. Yes, I was the lucky one. 
When I could no longer take his weight, he rolled off and held me in his arms. That was all I needed to fall into a blissful sleep.
Chapter Twenty
I awoke to the sound of running water and a five-year-old running around the bedroom, pretending to be a lion. I smiled stretching my arms and legs and set up in bed. I spotted Bailey in her lion mask, roaring at a stuffed animal. It was easy to guess that The Lion King was now her favorite movie. The girl was obsessed with animals. 
“Good morning, Princess,” I said, getting out of bed. Of course, she came over to be a pretended to claw my face. “I’m no princess; I am Scar, and I will get you,” she said running out of the room. I just shook my head and walked into the steamy bathroom. Daniel was wrapping a towel around his waist, and I wanted nothing more than to lick the water droplets from his skin. 
“I’m going to need a cold shower after seeing you look this sexy in the morning,” I said, licking my lips.
 He smiled his gorgeous smile at me before grabbing at his arms. He passionately kissed me before sitting me back down. 
“Hmm, I could definitely go for another round, but we do have a five-year old running around acting like a lion. Better not chance it,” he said running a hand through his wet hair. I kissed him once more before turning the shower back on and getting my towel and washcloth. 
“Better get out if you don’t want me to attack you,” I playfully said. He held his hands in front of him and back out of the bathroom. I laughed at his expression. He could always make my day brighter. 
I took a nice long, cold, well, warm, shower letting the water wash over me. When the water ran to cold for me to stand, I got out and dressed. I chose my favorite blue jeans and a sparkly purple tank top. I added a touch of makeup and decided to let my hair dry on its own. I headed downstairs and straight for the kitchen. I need some caffeine this morning. 
“Good morning,” I said to Mary as I went over to the coffee pot. She finished loading the dishwasher while I poured my coffee. 
“Where is everyone at?” I asked looking around. Usually you could find everyone in the kitchen in the mornings. 
“They all scattered right after they ate. Alvin and Kevin had to call Geneva and inform them that you guys were coming. Daniel and Bailey are outside trying to fly a kite. I think, Kevin made some wind for them,” she said pushing a button on the washer and turning toward me. “I put you a plate in the microwave.” 
“I’m not really hungry this morning, but thank you anyway,” I said, walking over to her. She placed her hand on my shoulder and gave me a knowing look. 
“You will be okay, Morgan. You and Daniel both are stronger than you know. You are showing that by giving Luke a chance,” she said in her motherly voice. 
“I know; I’m just a little nervous. I haven’t seen Luke in years, and I don’t want this to be a trick.” 
“Honey, I know, but you will be fine. You can sense whether or not someone is being honest with you; you will know.” 
“It will be fine,” I said smiling. I headed outside to find my loves. I heard Bailey laughing and followed the sound. I spotted the kite flying first and then seen Bailey running while she held a string in her hand. Daniel was cheering her from the side, and I smiled at the beautiful picture they created. 
“Don’t you two look like you’re having fun,” I said, making my way over to Daniel. Bailey was too caught up in her kite to know that I was even there. 
“Thanks to Uncle Kevin,” Daniel said. “Yeah, he’s pretty good to have around sometimes.” Daniel laughed at me and slid his arm around my waist. We stood there watching our little girl flying her princess kite for what seemed like hours. It was amazing to me how kids could have so much fun with one little thing. I mean, Bailey never stopped running the whole time we were outside. 
“Are you guys about ready,” Kevin asked. I had been so lost in watching Bailey, that I didn’t even see him approaching. 
“As ready as we will ever be,” Daniel replied. 
After we had Bailey with Mary and assured that everything would be okay here, Alvin, Kevin, Daniel, and I gathered in the library. We stood in a circle our hands on each other’s backs letting Kevin do his thing. Before I knew it, we were floating, the feeling making me nauseous. It took less than five minutes until we were standing inside of a strange house. I never liked the feeling of not being in control of where I was going. I was glad it didn’t take long for Kevin to have us where we needed to be. 
I looked around the room. It had to be where Geneva was staying because her eccentric touch was all over. From the flowing purple velvet curtains to the flowered couch that looked to be straight from the sixties. I smiled when I heard her cheery voice welcome us.
“Hey, I am so glad that you all are here. It’s been too long since I have seen your faces,” she said hugging each of us. 
I held my chuckle back when I saw what she was wearing, Typical Geneva. She had on a long white flowing skirt, a pink T-shirt and a purple vest over top, a black bandana was tied in her hair. I certainly had missed this woman. 
“It’s so good to see you,” I said when she hugged me.
 “It’s so good to see you as well. You look good Morgan. It has been too long.” She smiled warmly at me, just as her husband walked in.
“Well, look what we got here,” his deep voice bellowed. His huge arms caught me in a hug. “We meet again,” he said spinning me around. I laughed loudly when he almost lost his footing and set me back down. His long gray hair and beard always made me think of the wizards you would see in the movies. 
“I guess we have to get down to business,” Murray said once he had shaken hands with the guys. 
We all found a place to sit while Geneva went to the kitchen. She came in minutes later, carrying a silver tray with a tea kettle on top. She placed the tray on the table and waved her hands. Teacups appeared in front of her, and she smiled. 
“Still have the touch,” She said as she poured the clear liquid into the awaiting cups. She handed us each a cup. I brought it to my nose and took a deep breath. It smelled like flowers and I wrinkled my nose. 
“It’s floral tea, dear. It’s meant to give you strength, as well as enhance your brain,” she explained. I took a drink and almost gagged. It tasted like rotted something, but I forced the hot liquid down my throat. I felt bad that she had seen me make a face at it, and I didn’t want to hurt her feelings. 
“Where is Luke?” Alvin asked Murray. You could slice the tension in the room with a butter knife. Everyone was on edge. 
“He had been instructed to stay in the basement, until you are ready to meet with him,” Murray said sipping his tea. 
“What do you think?” Kevin asked his father. Murray took a deep breath and fidgeted in his chair. “I think that he is being honest with us. He seems to be completely different than I have ever seen him. He holds a lot of guilt over certain things. I can sense a change in him, but we need to know for sure. Geneva still hasn’t been able to see anything.”
I watched Daniel’s fist his hands by his side, as he took in what was said. I couldn’t imagine how hard this was for him. I had been years ago, but I had been somewhat connected with Luke when he took me captive. I had given him my virginity, and I had trusted him. He had gone so far as to stab me in the back when I choose Daniel over him. He had nearly killed me. I knew that Daniel held a grudge against him, and I fully understood why.
“I think that Morgan should go down with us first. I also think that it would be best for Daniel to stay up here; at least for a while,” Murray said. 
Daniel was off the couch in a hurry. “I will go down with the rest. I will be there with my wife,” he shouted. 
Murray didn’t object to what he had to say, and I was glad. I needed to have Daniel with me when I came face to face with Luke. 
“Well then, I think that we should go ahead and get this over with,” Geneva said. I stood and grabbed Daniel’s hand as Murray led us down the steep stairs to the basement. 
By the time we got to the bottom of the stairs I thought I would throw up. I was so nervous. We walked into a wide-open room. The only thing that was in there was an old white couch. The walls were white, and the carpet a dark beige; it was actually somewhat depressing.
Murray walked over to and knocked on the only door I could see. It creaked open and soon Luke stood before us. His looks hadn’t changed in the years since I had last seen him. His dark hair was now shaggy and when he held his head up, his cool blue eyes landed on me. They no longer held the iciness that they once had, but something else. I couldn’t be sure what was now behind those eyes. 
Daniel’s hand rested on the small of my back as Luke continued to stare. I didn’t know what to do, and I felt uncomfortable standing in this room. The air became stuffy, and it was hard to breath. 
I turned to Daniel and kissed his cheek. “I’ve got to try,” I thought, and he shook his head knowingly. I cautiously made my way over to Luke, coming to a stop in front of him. I felt everyone’s eyes on me as I placed my hand on his chest. 

At this moment, the only person in the world that I have ever cared about, is suffering her greatest loss and there is nothing that I can do about it. The spell has already been done, and I have no way of taking it off. The worthless son of a bitch who did this to her is burning in the pits of Hell where he belongs. 
“Son, you should be as happy as I am, but yet you are standing in the corner sulking,” my father remarks. The coldness pulsating from him is overwhelming. I want nothing more than to kill him myself, but there are too many around. I would be the one to die. I can’t even bring myself to give him a response. I want out of this lifestyle. I can feel some goodness deep inside of myself, and I long to leave the evil behind. I will no longer be enslaved to my father; I will never again take another innocent life, with my hands. I feel so guilty for what Morgan is going through, and I wish that I would have been able to stop what is happening. 
I looked around the cold dimly lit room. I hated myself for what I had become and what I was created for. This is not how anyone should live their lives; I was never given a choice, but now I am making one. I will leave. I do not care where I go, or how long it takes me to find that goodness deep within myself; I will do it. My mind is made up. 

My hand felt glued to his chest as I felt the rush of emotions from that night. I felt his guilt wash over me like a waterfall. I couldn’t breathe. My knees were too weak to hold me up any longer. I fell to the ground fighting the vomit that threatened to escape. Daniel was immediately by my side, and his strong arms gathered around me. He lifted me with such ease as if I was nothing more than a feather. 
“Morgan, love, are you okay?” 
Once he sat me down on the couch, I started to catch my breath. Murray came over and handed me a bottle of water. I gulped it down as it soothed my raw throat. 
“I’m okay, that was intense,” I said before Daniel started to panic. I looked over at Luke, who stood as still as a statue. He really had changed. He wanted to be different; he wanted to be good. 
“What did you see?” Kevin asked staring at me. Everyone’s eyes were glued to me.
“They knew when I was giving birth, they knew that I wouldn’t die, but that my baby would; didn’t they,” I said, looking at Luke. His face contorted in anger, but I could tell that it wasn’t directed at me. 
“Phil put the spell on you, at the battle. He wanted to get even with you for taking Carmen away from him. He wanted to watch you suffer like he did, I guess. I swear, Morgan; I didn’t know of the spell until it was already happening. I wanted to do something, but there was nothing that I could do. That is when I decided to change. I didn’t want to be, what I saw when I looked at them celebrating your loss.”
I saw something flash by me in a rush. It took my eyes a moment to adjust, but when they did, I saw Daniel attacking Luke. Kevin struggled to pull him off. 
“You sorry, fucker, how could you just stand there and not do anything?” Daniel shouted. Kevin held firmly onto him.
“If I could have done something to stop it, I would have. I am not a wizard, and I don’t know how to take a spell off someone. It was too late when I found out, the spell was already taking place,” Luke explained.
I stood up and walked over to Daniel. I could see the anger in his face; the same anger that I still had within me. Losing a child was the hardest thing in this world, especially knowing that someone took him away from us, but I didn’t blame Luke. I knew that there wasn’t anything that he could have done to change the course of things. 
“Daniel, love, he is telling the truth. I saw that much in my vision. I had seen the hatred that he had toward Lucifer, I felt his guilt for not being able to do anything. It was in that moment that he decided to leave The Black Mass, and he did. He hasn’t been with them since he left.” I looked up at Daniel and shared what I had seen. His face didn’t relax and his anger was still there, but it was not directed at Luke anymore.
“So he’s been telling the truth all along,” Murray said looking at me. I nodded my head to confirm what he said. 
“I still don’t trust you, Luke. I mean no offense, but that is something that you will have to earn. Right now, I think that it would be best if you stayed on Murray and Geneva’s team. They patrol every state, and they clean up the messes that your father leaves behind. Your focus from this day forward will be to save the lives of innocent people. You will have to fight against the dark forces, but I trust that won’t be an issue for you,” Alvin said raising his eyebrow up at him. 
“That will not be an issue. I thank you for believing me, and I know that your trust will be something that I have to earn. I am terribly sorry for all the stuff I did to you, Morgan. I’m not the same person that I was when it happened,” Luke said apologetically. 
“I know that you are not, or you wouldn’t be staying on with us,” I simply said. 
Daniel took my hand and led me out of the basement. I had nothing left to say, and the vision had left me drained. I normally didn’t feel this way after having one, but I could only assume it was because what I had seen stirred up so much anger. 
Daniel closed the door to the basement and turned to face me. His eyes pierced mine and I wanted to melt into his stare. I walked over to him and without a word; I wrapped my arms around his waist. With my head lying against his chest, I let out the breath that I had been holding. His hands softly rubbed my back, and the tingles took over my body. I felt so safe in his arms, and I wanted to stay like this forever. I wanted to live in a world where nothing bad ever happened, If only that existed. 
“You are such a strong person, Morgan. Bailey sees that in you, every day. She is already a fighter, like her mother. I wish that the three of us could live in the same world you were just thinking about, but this is how life is. We face challenges every day. We suffer the loss of loved ones, and we wonder why it had to be them. There will never be any answers that will make you feel better, but we know that God will take care of us. I love you more than I could ever say. Your love lights a fire deep down, in my soul and makes me a better man. We have been through so much already and there will be more to face. Life isn’t easy; our destiny isn’t easy, but we were chosen because we are strong, and we do believe in what we are fighting for.” 
I held on to every word that he said to me. He always had a way of making me feel better. I knew that he was right, and I knew that we were fighting for the greater good. This was our life; this is what we were both born to do. 
I looked up at him and seen the man I had fallen in love with six years ago. We had come so far in our lives to let the devil bring us down or take more away from us. 
“You’re my rock, you know,” I said, letting my fingers brush against his cheek. He smiled the smile that always gave me butterflies and winked. 
“I guess we were meant to hold each other up.” 
He gently kissed my cheek, nose, and my other cheek before he brought his lips to mine. My arms fell from his waist and went around his neck. I pulled him closer to me wanting, needing to feel his closeness. He deepened his kiss, and I was suddenly lost in the fireworks it created. I lost myself in his arms. 
“Can you guys seriously keep away from each other for more than two seconds? I mean you’ve been married for what, over five- years, and you still can’t keep your hands off each other,” Kevin said teasingly. 
With our moment spoiled, I burst out in laughter. Daniel smiled down at me and shook his head. You could always count on Kevin if you needed a good laugh. 
“When you have a wife who looks like mine, it’s hard to keep your hands and mouth to yourself,” Daniel said with a wink. The anger had evaporated as we came together. After all the bad things that had happened in my life, I couldn’t overlook the great things that had also happened. I found my soul mate… I gained a great family who I loved with all of my heart, and I had a beautiful, healthy little girl. No, I couldn’t overlook my blessings. I knew that it was sometimes easy to forget what we had and I wanted to make sure that I never did. 
Chapter Twenty-One
“I really think that you guys need to stay on the island, for the time being. I’ve already been informed that The Black Mass knows that Luke is with us now, and as you can imagine, Lucifer is furious,” Geneva said. She looked at Daniel, and I, before her gaze fell upon Kevin.
I stood with my back pressed into Daniel, taking in her words. I didn’t want to uproot my life just because Lucifer was angry with Luke, but I had Bailey to think about, and I didn’t want to put her in any danger. I knew the island was protected, and it would be the safest place for her to be.
“I agree with you, Geneva. We will stay on the island until it is safe for us to leave. I will not put my family in danger,” I said, looking at her. I saw the relief wash over her, and I knew that she was not only worried about Kevin, but she was worried for us all. 
“I can’t stay on the island. I am sorry, but I have some things to take care of with Madison. I can’t risk losing her anymore than I already have, and she needs to know who she really is,” Kevin said in a rush. 
“There has to be some way for you to do that from the island, Son,” Murray said placing his hand on Geneva’s tense shoulder. 
Kevin stood shaking his head back and forth. 
“She will not come back to the island with me, and I cannot do this over the phone. She is the woman who I will spend my forever with, if she will have me. I love her, and I need her to know that.”
Murray looked at Geneva and nodded his head, as if they were agreeing on something that the rest of us didn’t know about. 
“I will get her and bring her to the island. She will come with me, but you must agree to take Daniel and Morgan back and protect them and little Bailey, that is your job,” Murray said sternly. 
“Fine, but you must bring her, immediately. Her safety is most important to me, and she will be in danger being there without us to protect her.” 
Murray left Geneva’s side and walked over to his son.
 “I will bring her to you as soon as you return. I will not let anything happen to her; you can trust me on that.” 
~*~*~*~*~*~
The air felt too stuffy, and I couldn’t sleep. I didn’t know if it was because I was in a strange place or what, but my eyes would not close. I crept out of bed, careful not to wake Daniel. I grabbed the fluffy purple robe that was hanging on the bathroom door and put it on. Tiptoeing across the soft beige carpet, I opened the door and stepped out. I closed it as quietly as I could, hoping that I didn’t wake Daniel. I slowly made my way down the stairs and headed out the front door.  I stood on the front porch letting the fresh air fill me. The full moon lit up the night and made a beautiful scene. 
“It’s peaceful out here,” Luke said from the yard. I jumped and nearly screamed, but I instantly recognized his voice. 
“What are you doing out here?” I asked. 
He walked the short distance and climbed the four stairs to where I was standing. 
“Probably the same thing you are. I couldn’t sleep, so I thought I could use some fresh air,” he explained. I nodded my head knowingly and looked back out at the moon. I still didn’t feel comfortable being alone with him; even though I knew that he was no longer the same person he was. 
“Morgan, I want you to know that I really am sorry for what happened,” he said. I could feel his eyes on me, and I turned to face him. 
“I don’t blame you, Luke. I know that there wasn’t anything you could do to stop what happened.” 
“I know, but I wanted you to know that it wasn’t me. I cared about you, more than I ever thought was possible, and I’m not proud of the things that I did to you.”
“I know you cared about me, and you have to know that I cared about you. I never lied to you, but I love Daniel more than life itself. I hope that one day you will find the one that you can’t live without, only then will you know what I have with him. I never meant to hurt you either, but I really had no choice in the matter; I hope you understand that,” I said, looking him straight in the eyes. 
“I now know that there was never a choice to be made. You and I weren’t meant to be together, but it hurt me to the core when you chose him over me.” 
“I know that it did, and it also hurt me to know that I had caused you pain. I know I was the first person you ever cared about, and I hated I took that away from you, but I didn’t love you, Luke. I could have never given you all of myself in the way that you would have wanted. I was already Daniel’s, and I will be his until the day I leave this earth,” I explained. 
“I know that now. I see you and him together, and I can only hope that I will have that kind of love with someone, someday. I just want you to know that I will never be the person I was then, never.” 
I smiled at his last words, and thought that something good had come out of the situation. He was not evil anymore and in some way I had helped save him. This was the most rewarding part of my job. 
I walked over and hugged him. “You will find your love, Luke. You have no worries about that,” I whispered before letting him go. Without another word, I turned and walked back inside. I knew that I would be able to sleep now.
For the first time in five-years, I awoke to nothing, but silence. I stretched my stiff body and looked around the room. The clock on the bedside table glowed 8:45 in bright green. I slowly got out of bed, looking around for Daniel. He must already be downstairs with the others, because there was no sign of him in the room. I quickly dressed in the same clothes I wore the day before and headed downstairs. 
“We have to be ready, Daniel, that’s just the way it is. You know that Lucifer is not going to let Luke join us without a fight,” I heard Alvin say. I followed the voices in the kitchen. Daniel and Alvin were both sitting at the table staring at each other. I felt awkward walking into their argument and I didn’t want to interrupt them, so I just turned and walked out of the room. I needed my morning coffee, but it would have to wait. I knew better than to get in the middle of whatever they were arguing about. I walked outside and took in the fresh morning air. The sun was already brightly shinning high in the sky, and the birds were chirping away. 
“Morning, what are you doing out here and without a cup of coffee in your hand, girl are you sick?” Kevin said smiling. I looked over to see him jogging to where I stood. He wore nothing, but a pair of blue gym shorts and sweat was dripping off his face. 
“Father and Son spat going on in the kitchen, and I wasn’t about to let them pull me in again, so I came out here instead. My coffee will just have to wait.” Kevin came to a stop beside me and took a chug from his water bottle. 
“I think you made a wise choice. What are they arguing over now?” I shrugged my shoulders. 
“I don’t really know, but I think it has something to do with Lucifer, and what he will try to do now that Luke has officially joined us.” 
Kevin took a seat and motioned for me to follow. I sat down beside him on the wooden step. “I wanted to talk to you about that. I know that you can’t really talk to Daniel about Luke, but you can me. How do you feel about him now being part of the Warriors?” 
I was glad I could talk to Kevin about anything. Sometimes it was nice to have that one person, who you knew that you could trust to tell your secrets. 
“I’m really okay with it, but when I’m around him, it takes me back to the time when we were together. Don’t get me wrong, I love Daniel more than life, but I can’t erase the memories I had with Luke. I still feel so bad for hurting him. I don’t know Kevin, it’s just weird, I guess,” I said, playing with a strand of my hair. I hadn’t told Daniel the way I felt, because I knew that he wouldn’t understand, and I didn’t want to hurt him. I just had no idea how to get the memories out of my head. 
“You know, Morgan that is a normal reaction. You cared for him, whether it was caused by a spell or not, you still know what you felt. It’s like not seeing your high school sweetheart for years, and then one day you come face to face with them again. You’re going to have the memories of the time that you did spend together. It doesn’t’ mean that you are in love with him, but that is just how it is. Don’t beat yourself up over what you are feeling. I know that this has got to be hard on you, especially since you know you had something to do with helping Luke find that goodness in him,” Kevin said, patting my knee.
 I knew that working with both Luke and Daniel would be hard, but it was something that we were all going to have to get used to. I knew that my memories of the time I spent with Luke, both the good and the bad would never go away, but that was a part of life. I wished nothing, but the best for Luke, and I hoped that he would find someone to spend the rest of his life with, and actually know the feeling of love. 
I wrapped my arms around Kevin’s neck and kissed him on the cheek. “Thanks,” I said. 
Daniel walked outside just as Kevin, and I had finished our conversation. He smiled when he saw me and handed me a Styrofoam cup. He really did know me too well. 
“Thank you, love,” I said, kissing his cheek. 
“You are welcome. I’m sorry about earlier. I figured you came out here when I had seen you turn and walk out of the kitchen.” Yelp, he did know me well.
 “Sorry, but I know better than to get between your father and you when you are arguing about something. So, what were you arguing about?” I asked. 
“On that note, I am going to go shower before we head back home,” Kevin said opening the door. 
Daniel took my hand and brought it up to his mouth. He brushed his soft lips across my fingers. “I love you, Morgan McKay.” Shaking the chills away, I looked up at him. 
“I love you,” I said dreamily. He smiled at my expression. 
“My father and I were having a disagreement over this whole situation. I don’t want to deal with Lucifer, and I damn sure don’t want him around you, but my father is right. I know that we have to be ready, because he will attack. I just don’t want you hurt anymore, love.” 
“I know you don’t, and I don’t want you anywhere near that evil ass-hole either, but we can’t just run and hide. This is what we do. It has been peaceful for five years, and I guess we should be thankful.
“As long as Bailey is safe from any attacks, we can handle it.” His arms came around me and squeezed. 
“You really are incredible. We will do what we have to do, but from now on, we have to be on the lookout everywhere we go. I don’t think that this is going to be anything like last time. I think that Lucifer is going to try to get rid of us using his people first, and when that doesn’t work I think he will show his face,” he said with worry. 

We said our good-byes to Mary and Murray before returning home. Luke didn’t come up when we left, but I knew it was for the best. All three of them were leaving for Seattle tonight, for surveillance, they said. 
I placed one hand on Kevin’s shoulder and the other on Daniel’s. In an instant, we were floating home. I landed on my feet, this time standing outside in Mary’s garden. Bailey’s arms were around me before I even saw her. 
“Mommy and Daddy, I so glad your home,” she said, squeezing as tight as her little arms would allow her. 
“Hey, sweetheart, I’ve missed you so much. Did you have a good time with Nanny?” I asked when she let go. Her big green eyes lit up, and she began to tell us everything.
 “I had so much fun. We stayed up until’ almost ten o’clock, and we watch Beauty and The Beast, and had popcorn, and cupcakes, and I was just helping Nanny in her garden,” she said in a rush. I smiled down at her. She was simply amazing. 
Daniel hoisted her up and set her on his hip. I wish that I had a camera with me, to capture that moment, a truly father-daughter moment. 
“I missed you, twinkle toes,” Daniel said while he tickled her neck. Her giggles echoed throughout the garden, and I couldn’t help, but laugh with her.
“Kevin, I would like to meet with you in the library, if that’s okay,” Alvin said looking only at Kevin. I knew that as our leader his job had already begun. We had to be on top of everything going on, and we had to be ready for anything that came our way. It would be a job that Daniel and I both would do, when it was time for us. 
“I’ll be right there, Alvin. I just want to grab something to eat first,” Kevin replied. Right then Mary’s head popped out of a rose bush.
“Well, I would say that it’s about time for all of us to eat lunch. How about you head on inside; Bailey and I will meet you there,” she said looking at each of us. Daniel sat Bailey back down and she ran over to her Nanny. She blew me a kiss before they both disappeared, and we headed inside. 
Daniel and I went into the living room and took a seat on the couch.
 “So what do you think about everything going on?” He asked not looking at me. I knew he was asking more about Luke than anything, and this made me uncomfortable. I didn’t want him to be in this position, but there was nothing I could do about it. 
“I don’t know… I am glad Luke has found the goodness that he thought he never had, but I know having him join us makes you angry, and I fully understand why. I just don’t know how to make any of it better.”
Daniel looked at me pleadingly. “Morgan, there is nothing that you can do. I am not angry because Luke has joined us, I am angry because I know his father will do anything he can to take him back. I feel like something really bad is going to happen and my feelings have never been wrong,” he said staring at the black television screen. I took his hand in mine and held on tightly. 
“There is nothing we can do, love. I know how much it sucks, to just sit back, and wait for whatever is going to happen, to happen, but that’s all we can do for now. When the time comes to fight, we fight. We have gotten through so much together Daniel and we will get through this,” I said with confidence. I didn’t know what Lucifer was going to do, or who he was going to send after us, but I did know that we could do it. Daniel and I had been training since Bailey had been born, and I had been strong enough to. 
“Lunch,” Mary called from the kitchen. 
I leaned over and brushed my lips against Daniel’s as the electric current charged my body. “I guess we had better go eat before Mary yells at us,” I said with a smile. 
We sat down at the dinner table, and Mary blessed the food before we all began eating. I don’t know how she did it, but yet again, there was a feast that set before us; Lasagna, corn on the cob, salad, and garlic bread. 
Conversation was kept light as we ate together. Daniel and I informed Bailey that she wouldn’t have to leave the island for a while. Her squeal could be heard a mile away. She clapped her hands together happily.
“Yay, yay, yay,” she chanted, before biting into an ear of corn. The juice ran down her chin and into her hands, but she didn’t mind. Before I could get her a napkin, a rush of wind blew over us and a second later, Murray and Madison were standing right beside the table. 
“Aunt Madison,” Bailey yelled jumping out of her seat. Her arms went around Madison in a flash. 
“Hey, little princess, I’ve missed you so much,” Madison said scooping her up into her arms. 
“You sure have grown since you turned the big five.” Bailey started laughing at her comment. “It’s only been a couple of days since my birthday, Aunt Madison,” she said through her laughter. 
I stood up and went to greet my best friend. “It’s good to see you Maddy,” I said, hugging her. 
“I’m glad you decided to come; he really misses you,” I whispered in her ear. She smiled at me and then her eyes found Kevin. An awkward silence filled the room before everyone began excusing themselves. 
“Well, Bailey and I have some stuff to finish in the garden, just leave the dishes. I’ll see to them later,” Mary said taking Bailey by the hand. I hugged Madison one more time and then, Daniel, and I headed outside. I knew that Kevin and Madison would work things out. They were both in love with each other, and they deserved to be happy.
Daniel and I headed to our spot on the cliff and took a seat on the soft grass.
I lay my head in his lap and looked up to the sky. The white fluffy clouds were lazy floating by. Daniel played with my hair as we enjoyed this quiet moment with each other. The soft breeze blew through my hair and the sun kissed my skin. My eyes started to flutter before they soon closed. 

“Hello, bitch,” said a deep voice. I tried to open my eyes, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t see anything, other than darkness. Fear spread throughout my body. I knew I was somewhere that I didn’t want to be.
“Who’s there?” I asked terrified. A sudden chuckle rang throughout my ears. 
“You should know who I am; after all it was you who took my son away from me.” It was Lucifer. The voice belonged to the devil himself. 
I struggled to see something, anything, but there was total darkness. It felt like my body was being held down, and I wanted nothing more than to wake up from this horrible nightmare. 
“This is not a nightmare. You will pay for what you have done, and I will be the one to collect your debt. You are weak and you cannot defeat me, no matter how hard you try. It was I who helped take your precious boy away from your world, and it will be me who takes you away,” he sneered. Anger rose inside of me, and I tried to steady my voice.
“No one took your son away, but you. You are nothing to him, not now, not ever. He will never cross back over to the dark side, and I’m afraid of you. You can threaten me all you want, but you and I both know that I am a lot stronger than you give me credit for;  an eye for an eye; right, ass-hole? You helped take my son away from me, and I guess I did play a part in taking yours,” I said confidently. I couldn’t hide the anger in my voice, but I also couldn’t hide the sarcasm. I knew, deep down, that Luke would never go back to The Black Mass, and I held onto the anger it would cause Lucifer. 
“You can talk all you want to, sweet cheeks, but you will go down, right along with the rest of your so-called family. Maybe you would like to join your family in God’s grace a little earlier than expected,” he said. Right then I felt something sharp go through my stomach. Pain surrounded me and I struggled to breath.


Chapter Twenty-Two

I opened my eyes and gasped for air. My hand went to my stomach, but there was no longer any pain. Daniel’s hands cradled my face.  
“Morgan, what’s wrong? Are you okay?” He asked frantically. I held my finger up in the air; I needed just a moment to gather myself. I looked around seeing nothing out of the ordinary. The sun was still brightly shining, and the soft breeze floated through the air. It was just a dream. No, it seemed so much more than that. I felt Lucifer’s presence; he was in my dream.
I slowly lifted my head out of Daniel’s lap and brought myself into a sitting position. Daniel still looked at me, his face full of worry. 
“Lucifer, he was in my dream,” I said, shaking my head. I could not explain to him what it felt like, or how I knew that he had really been there, so I replayed the dream in my mind, and let him see it for himself. 
“Is that even possible? Do you think that he can actually get in your dream like that?” 
“I don’t know, Daniel, but you felt that right? He had to have really been there,” I said, closing my eyes. I inhaled the fresh air and tried to calm my nerves. 
“Kevin,” I heard Daniel shout in his mind. Kevin would be here moments later, after hearing the panic in Daniel’s voice. That was a plus to the whole mind connection thing with your protector. 
“What’s going on?” Kevin asked, jogging over to us. Madison was right behind him. 
“Sorry to interrupt you man, but Morgan just had a very vivid dream. Show him.”
I open my connection up to Kevin and let the dream replay. Kevin stood there for a minute, and then the anger began to show. 
“That mother-fucker,” was all he said. 
Daniel stood and helped me up. I had to hold onto him for a moment, my legs too shaky to stand-alone. 
“Did he get to her through her dreams Kevin,” Daniel asked still holding tightly to me. Kevin walked over to us, and Madison joined. I didn’t need him to answer that question for me. I knew by the look on his face that I had been right. He was there. 
“Yes, he can. He obviously has a very powerful wizard helping him. I can block him from being able to get into your head Morgan. I didn’t even think about doing it before now, but then again, I didn’t think that he could ever get to you that way. I am so sorry that I let this happen. I promise that it will not happen again,” he said looking at me. I looked up at him and smiled. 
“Kevin you didn’t let this happen to me, so please don’t be sorry. It would be great if you could block him though, that was creepy.” 
Kevin placed his hand on the top of my head and closed his eyes. He didn’t say anything out loud, but I knew that he didn’t have to. He was the most powerful wizard, and I trusted him. 
“Alright, Juliet, he won’t be able to get to you again,” he said. I felt relief wash over me, and I was thankful that I had Kevin as my protector. I looked at both him and Madison and regretted interrupting them. As if knowing what I was thinking, Madison turned to me.
“Oh, don’t be sorry, Morgan. Kevin and I have worked things out, but you could have told me that I was a freakin’ Fairy. I mean, who doesn’t tell their best friend something that big anyway,” she said teasingly. I felt bad for not telling her, even though she didn’t seem to hold that against me. I just didn’t know what to say to her. 
“Sorry, are you okay with everything?” I asked. I knew first-hand what it was like to find out something so crazy about yourself. 
“I will be. It is so hard to believe, but I know that you would never lie to me, so I guess I am different. I mean, I always knew that something was different about me, but I would have never guessed that I was a Fairy, or that they even existed outside of books or television shows,” she said with a giggle. 
“Trust me, girl, I know what you mean,” I said, grabbing her and hugging tightly. I was glad that we were all back together again and that Kevin and Madison had worked things out. 
The rest of the afternoon, Daniel and I played with Bailey. Our time was mostly spent outside searching for bugs. The girl could literally live outside and be the happiest little girl in the world. 
I watched as she and Daniel tried to catch a monarch butterfly. They were so into the moment, and watching them was priceless. My life stood in front of me, and I was so thankful that I had been given such amazing gifts. I was in love with both of them, and I wanted to protect them from all the evil things on this earth, and I knew I would do, all I could to make sure that they were okay. 
“Mommy, Mommy, look what we caught,” Bailey said running over to me. She had her little hands cupped, and slowly she pulled them apart and let me peek inside.
“Wow, that’s really beautiful. Be careful not to squeeze it, and you have to let it go soon, okay, honey.” She looked up at me with the saddest eyes I had ever seen. Tears started to pool in her eyes, and her bottom lip stuck out. 
“But, Mommy, why can’t I keep it?” She asked. I looked at her sad little face and almost lost it. 
“Honey, you can hold it for a little while, but if you put it in a container it wouldn’t be very happy. Butterflies are meant to fly around; it would be cruel to keep it in such a small place. Would you like it if someone plucked you up and stuck you in something so small, where you couldn’t run around and play?”
Her face went back to normal in a flash. “Well, I don’t think I would like that very much. It would be mean of someone to do that to me. I’ll let it go after I hold it for a little longer,” she said taking off. I couldn’t help, but laugh as she ran with her hands were in front of her. She really didn’t want that butterfly to fly away.
“She really is perfect, isn’t she,” I said as Daniel put his arms around my waist. His soft lips brushed the base of my neck. “Yes, she really is; she’s just like her mother in that way,” he said.
“Is it possible for me to fall more in love with you than I already am?” I asked. Without Daniel, I really don’t know how I would have made it through everything.
“I hope so, because I plan to make you fall in love with me all over again, every day.” My stomach started doing those oh so familiar flips. I thought that once we had been married, for a while, that those would go away, but if anything, I got them more. 
We stood out there until the sun went down, enjoying each other and our little girl. Bailey finally let the butterfly go, surprisingly without any tears. We headed inside and Daniel took Bailey up for her bath. I headed into the kitchen looking for Mary. 
“Hey, Mary, I just wanted to thank you again for watching Bailey. Sounds like you two had an awesome time,” I said, taking a seat at the bar. 
“Honey, it was my pleasure. I love that little girl, and I am glad that you have decided to stay here for a while. I need some time with my family. I have missed you guys so much,” she said wiping her eyes. 
“I know you have, Mary, and we have missed you guys as well. I am sorry for moving, but I do believe that it was our best decision. I was in a dark place at that time, and I just wanted to get away from here, but I do believe that going back to Angels Cove was our best move. We were able to heal together there, and we were also able to give Bailey a normal life, well until now,” I said, playing with my fingers. 
Mary came over and took a seat beside me. She laid her and on my back and turned toward me. 
“Morgan, you and Daniel have been through a lot. I understand that. I know that moving was the best solution for the both of you, and for Bailey too. You have such a strong soul, and you have gotten through your darkest times and flourished. I mean look at you now… You have grown into a beautiful woman, and the best wife and mother I know. I am so proud of you, and I know that your family is too. I hate that we are facing yet another encounter with the devil, but we will get through this together,” she said in a motherly way. 
“Thanks, Mary, I mean for everything you have done for us, and for being like a mother to mean when I needed that the most. You have helped me through it all too. You are an amazing woman, and I am so thankful to have you in my life. I am truly blessed, that’s what really matters,” I said, embracing her. 
I headed upstairs after my talk with Mary. I wanted to tuck Bailey in and then Alvin wanted to meet with us all. I dreaded that part.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~

“What book do you want to read tonight, sweet girl?” I asked. Bailey took off running and was back just seconds later. She handed me a book and climbed into her bed. I lay down beside her and opened the book.
 “Somewhere in the Ocean,” was the book she chose. I started to read and noticed her eyes fluttering. I smiled and continued until I had finished. I looked over at her, and she was already in a deep sleep. I kissed her cheek and pulled the cover over her.
 “I love you,” I whispered. I turned on her night-light and quietly left. I headed down the stairs and into the library. Everyone had already been in there, waiting on me. I took a seat between Madison and Daniel on the couch and waited for Alvin to begin. 

“You all know what we are facing, so I do not have to explain to you the dangers that we face. Lucifer has already got to Morgan through her dream, and this is only the beginning. As you know, Murray, Geneva, and Luke have been in Seattle trying to find out anything they can. Murray just reported suspicious behavior going on. They are already on it, but they may need backup. I hate to send you out so soon, but you are my strongest Warriors, and you may be needed. Everyone else is guarding their territory, but nothing out of the normal has been brought to their attention,” he said looking mainly at Daniel and me. I had not been expecting to go out into the field already, so his statement took me by surprise. 
“Do Murray and Geneva need us right away?” I asked. He took a seat at his desk and looked at his hands. Kevin was pacing back and forth through the large library.
“They are out there right now, and against their protest, I think that it would be for the best if you, Daniel, and Kevin could go and assist them. I do not have a good feeling about them being out there,” he said nervously. Like the rest of us, Alvin had strong feelings about whatever was going on. I didn’t like that he didn’t feel good about them, being wherever it was they were, so I knew that we would have to go tonight. 
“Don’t worry about Bailey; I will take care of her while you are away. I promise,” Mary interjected.
I hated to leave my little girl and not even tell her that we had to go, but want to wait until morning. 
“Okay, but if we are not back by the time she wakes up, will you please tell her that we love her and will be back very soon?”
“Of course I will. Just please be safe,” Mary said before walking out. I could tell that she didn’t like the idea of us leaving. This meant that there was more danger than Alvin was letting on. I grabbed Daniel’s hand and squeezed. 
“What do you think is going on?” I asked him. I felt his connection immediately. 
“Something bad,” his voice floated in my mind. 
“Okay, let’s get geared up and meet back here in ten minutes,” Kevin said before walking out of the room. Madison excused herself and followed. 
“Something is going to happen tonight. I need you both to be alert, and not distracted. Bailey will be safe, so please do not worry about her. I need you two out there or I wouldn’t even ask,” Alvin said standing. 
“We will be fully alert. We have been training every day for five years; don’t worry about us, this is what we do,” Daniel replied. We stood and made our way out of the room. We headed into our room to change. 
“Are you okay with everything?” Daniel asked pulling his black leather pants on. I really did love our battle clothes.
“I’m good. I just don’t like the bad feeling that Alvin said he had.” 
I pulled on my own leather pants and tank-top, which fit like a glove. Daniel handed me a dagger, that he had made, especially for me. I stuck it in the waist of my pants, which held a special compartment for weapons. Geneva had thought of everything when she made these. 
Daniel walked over to me once we were both dressed. His hands rubbed up and down my arms. Then, his hand rested on my cheek as his thumb rubbed my lips. We didn’t need words in this moment, just each other; his mouth crushed down on mine with a passion. My arms went around his waist as our tongues did the talking. I was lost, just for a moment, in his arms. Too soon, we had to pull away and without a word, we headed back to the library. 
“Let’s do this,” Kevin said as soon as we entered. Madison had not returned to him, and I knew she must be worried. I couldn’t imagine having to stay behind while Daniel went out to fight some evil ass-hole. 
“You all stay alert and safe,” Alvin said.
My hands went around Kevin and Daniel’s waist, and soon the air started swirling around us. 
We landed outside of a dark alley. Fighting could be heard in front of us, and I looked around to make sure no one was waiting for us. The coast was clear. 
“We have no other choice than to go in there pretty much blinded. We don’t know who all is in there, or how many there will be. Let the fight truly begin,” Kevin said running down the alley. 
Daniel bent down and pressed his lips to mine quickly. “Let’s go, love,” he said taking off running. I was immediately behind him as we came into the commotion. 
All I saw when we came to a stop was people going at it. I didn’t have time to look for Murray or Geneva. 
“If it isn’t our own little traitor herself,” a woman said from behind me. I turned to see who I would be fighting first. A woman stood in front of me looking pissed. She had her jet-black hair tied high on her head, her black eyes piecing mine. She looked vaguely familiar, but I didn’t have time to think of where I knew her from. She brought her foot up and kicked me right in the stomach. I fell back a few feet, but luckily, I still stood. She lunged at me, but I dodged her. My fist landed on the side of her head, which didn’t seem to affect her. 
“You’re going to have to do better than that,” she hissed out before grabbing at my leg. I knew what she was about to do, so I brought my foot up and landed a side kick right into her knee. She screamed, but did not fall. This brood was going to be tough. She steadied herself and pulled out a sword from her backside. I didn’t want to get my dagger just yet; I was trained to fight against weapons.
“I am going to do what Carmen couldn’t,” the woman sneered. The mention of Carmen’s name had my blood boiling. I had killed her over six years ago and still the witch’s name pissed me off. I let my anger build until my hand felt like it would explode. I extended my arm in front of me and held my palm out. I forced the electricity to flow out, and it hit her right in the stomach. She flew straight back into the alley wall and slid down. Her stomach was smoking, and I put my hand back down.
“Yeah, I don’t think so,” I said sarcastically.
One down; a lot more to go; I didn’t even think about what was going on. I knew who was evil and who wasn’t, so I just attacked. The man I went for was stronger than he looked. He landed a few blows to my face, before I got into the swing of things. I raised my leg half up and let my foot shot out right into his crotch. His hands instantly cupped himself, and he fell to his knees. I took the opportunity to kick his face as hard as I could. His glasses fell to the ground in pieces and blood poured from his nose, but still he wasn’t down. I pulled the hilt of my dagger and brought the blade down on him. It went straight through his chest and within seconds, he turned to ash. Hum, I wondered what he was, but not for long.
I heard Geneva scream, and I ran the direction it had come from. It was hard to tell who was who with all the bloodied faces, but I managed to find her. She was standing in front of a man, who looked to be convulsing. Foam was coming from his mouth, and Geneva just stood there in shock. I ran over to her and knocked her out of the way. The man roared loudly and started to change. His build grew bigger and then before I knew it, I was standing face to face with a… dog? No, it was much bigger than a dog and growling fiercely at me.
“Werewolf,” Geneva screamed. The thing took advantage of my distraction and brought his claw right to my face. I felt my skin rip open, and I felt blood trickle down. I was not trained to fight whatever this was, but I had to do something. It was coming at me fast now, its teeth showing. I jumped up into the air and landed behind it. I stabbed it with my dagger, but this only pissed it off. It turned on me and within a flash bit into my shoulder. Pain shot throughout my body, and I held back the vomit that threatened to come up. The beast had me pinned down now, sniffing my blood. Goose bumps rose on my arms. I cried out for help, but I didn’t count on anyone hearing me. The massive beast opened its mouth wide, ready to take off my head. I took the hand that still held the dagger and raised it high. Before I could think about what that thing could do to me, I slung the dagger right in its mouth. It was enough to make it stumble backwards, and before I had the chance to move, Daniel appeared with his sword held high above his head. He brought it down in a swift movement, slicing the beast's head straight off. I just sat there staring at him in shock. 
Daniel started to come to me, but was attacked. 
“I’ll be fine. Take care of yourself,” I sent to him. I held my hand down tightly over the wound on my shoulder, looking for something to tie around it. Geneva must have snapped out of her trance and ran to my side. She tore a piece from the bottom of her shirt and wrapped it tightly around my shoulder. I couldn’t focus on the pain that was pulsating throughout my body. I needed to fight. 
“Thanks,” I said as she helped me up. I looked around and took off. I spotted Daniel in the far back corner with two women trying to attack him. I went for the one that had her back turned to me and lunged for her. I landed on her back and brought my hands to either side of her face. With all the force I could muster, I twisted. I heard a loud snap, and her body went limp. Daniel had the other one under control, so I went after more. I fought with all I had, and managed to take down at least three more until I heard Kevin’s scream. I turned around only to see Murray falling to the ground. Blood gushed out of his chest, and he was gasping for air. There were two attacking Kevin and Luke and three going to Geneva. I ran as fast as I could to help her.
 I kicked one man in the back as hard as I could and watched him fall to the ground. I immediately jumped on top of him and brought my fist down on him. He was much bigger than I was and managed to roll me off him. I hit the hard ground and rolled over. Fresh blood oozed out of the bandage, and the man’s foot ground my shoulder into the road with his humongous foot. I felt my bone’s crush underneath him, and I cried out in pain. I broke out in a cold sweat, and I knew I needed to do something. I saw a medium sized rock out of the corner of my eye, and I slowly inched toward it. I tried to ignore the pain taking over my body. It was all I could do to pick the rock up, but I somehow managed to. With all the strength in me, I threw it at the man’s head. My aim was right on target, and soon he fell to the ground. He was not dead, but the rock had hit him right in the temple, so he would be out for a while. 
The noise that had surrounded me moments earlier had vanished, and was replaced by quiet sobs. I looked around to see who was crying, when my eyes fell upon Murray’s limp body lying on the ground. Geneva held onto his hand sobbing, while Kevin was rubbing his hands on his chest. 
“Daniel, is Murray, going to be okay?” I sent to him. I didn’t get a response, but instead Daniel made its way through the piled bodies. I looked at him and knew this was what Alvin had felt. 
“My love, can you stand up?” I was in so much pain, but I knew in this moment others were in worse pain than I was. I nodded my head unable to speak. He bent down and lifted me up. My legs threatened to give out on me, so I took a few seconds to adjust my weight. Daniel helped me over to where Murray was lying and the moment, I saw his face; I knew he was gone. Kevin was still trying to heal his wound and Geneva sat sobbing at his side. My heart shattered into a million little pieces at the sight I took in. I wanted to make it all go away, make Murray all better, but there was nothing I could do. Daniel and I stood quietly by not knowing what else to do. I hugged Daniel tightly fighting back the tears that wanted to come. Murray was gone.
Chapter Twenty-Three

When someone you love suddenly leaves this earth, we are left to pick up the remaining pieces. I knew the feeling all too well. The first few months, after my family had passed away, my mind had been nothing, but a foggy haze. I don’t remember much of anything, other than crying every time I thought about them. It had felt like my world had been ripped apart, and I could do anything about it. Memories rushed into my mind as we all stood together, dressed in black, watching Murray’s casket being lowered into the ground. 
I looked over at Geneva, and noticed the silent tears falling down her wrinkled face. My heart went out to her; I could not imagine what it would be like to lose your soul mate; the feeling of being only a half of a person. I wanted to comfort her, but I knew that she would need time. She and Murray had been together for over a hundred years, and in just an instant; he had been taken from her.
 Then my eyes landed on Kevin. I was more worried about him. Geneva had been an emotional wreck since she lost her husband; of course that was to be expected, but Kevin had been blank. Even as I stared at him now, his face held no emotion. He looked frozen over inside and out, and this is what worried me the most. He had cut off communication with everyone in the last few days. He refused to talk to anyone, including Madison. 
“Mommy, why are they putting Uncle Murray’s bed into the ground,” Bailey asked. I turned my gaze from Kevin and looked down at her. Her eyes were wet from tears, even though she didn’t fully understand what was going on. Daniel and I had tried to explain to her about death, and that Murray would now be in Heaven with her other grandparents and uncle. 
“You mean like an angel,” she had replied, her face lighting up. 
“Uncle Murray is up in Heaven now sweetie. That’s just his old body; he has a brand new one now.” She took hold of my hand and squeezed tightly. I wanted to shield her from the pain of loss, of death, and of the evil things in this world more than anything, but I knew that I would never be able to protect her from who we are, or what we have to do. 
After the funeral was over, everyone headed back to Geneva’s house. Not all of the Warriors were able to come and pay their respects. It was feared that Lucifer would take the opportunity to take over the un-watched territories, but Murray had a lot of friends, and each and everyone had shown up to say good-bye, to the man that was more than just a friend to them. 
“Daniel, will you take Bailey back to Geneva’s? I would like to stay here, and try to talk to Kevin while no one is around.” 
“I think that would be your best bet, you know exactly what he’s going through. He is more opted to talk to you than anyone else. I’ve got Bailey; you just take your time. I love you,” he said. He scooped Bailey up into his arms and bent down to kiss my cheek. 
“Love you, Mommy,” Bailey said and with that, they headed for their car. I waited until everyone had left and made my way over to Kevin. He stood right beside his father’s casket, his back to me. I came to a stop just behind him. I didn’t want to break the silence; I thought it would be best if he were the first to say something. 
The wind blew steadily, and a slow rain began to fall, but I didn’t move. Kevin needed someone to talk to right now, someone to express his frustration with. 
“You’re not going anywhere, are you?” He quietly asked. I could hear the tremble in his voice, and again, my heart broke for him. I wished more than anything that I could take his pain away, but knowing that I would never be able to.
“Kevin, you’re like a brother to me, and I love you. I will not press you to talk to me, but I am not going to leave you alone. I know what you are going through, and I also know the pain that you are experiencing,” I said in a gentle voice. 
He didn’t say anything else. He didn’t move. He stood as still as a statue, even when the rain began pounding down. I stayed right there with him that is what families did. 
Finally, long after the sun had set and the rain had died down, he turned to me. Raindrops dripped from his hair, and his eyes were heavy with sorrow for the father that he had lost.
“I just can’t believe he’s gone. I don’t know how I am supposed to feel, Morgan.” 
“There is no certain way you feel Kevin. You go through all the emotions, and yet you still feel hollow. You have lost someone who meant the world to you, and now you don’t know what to do. I understand that feeling,” I said looking up at him. 
“Everyone keeps coming up to me and asking if I’m okay. I mean they have to know the answer to that. No, I am not okay. I have lost the man who has always been there for me, taught me, and loved me. Am I expected to just be okay, now that he’s gone?” His blue eyes stared back at me awaiting the answers that I didn’t know how to give. I could only speak from my own experience, and honestly, I could say I wished that I had had more people who loved me and wanted to comfort me. 
“It’s never easy when someone you love passes away. It is the hardest thing to go through. I mean you don’t really ever know how to feel. Either you are sad, or you’re happy, and then you feel guilty for being happy. I will say that I wished I had spent more years with my family before they passed. I felt cheated that I didn’t get to have that, I mean my family while I was growing up, and I wish that I had family to help me through. I know that it must be annoying having so many people keep asking you the same question, but you know it is only because they care about you. That is something that I never had. When I moved in with Addie, it was as if my family was forgotten. She never mentioned them after they passed, and she never shared memories with me. I think that doing just that is a big part of the healing process. You keep them alive through your memories. Don’t be angry with the ones who love you, Kevin, but take the time to grieve the loss of your father. It’s okay to say how you feel; no one is going to hold that against you. Don’t let them win, don’t let them take away your goodness; that’s exactly what they want to do, and you know it. They want you to turn on your family and the ones you love. They want you to come after them with your vengeance. You’re too good for that, Kevin, and you know it,” I said, staring intently at him. 
“You're right, Morgan; I won’t let them do that to me. I will grieve for my father, but I will not let the hate consume me. They will not bring me down to their level. I am good. My father was good.”
I threw my arms around his neck and hugged him tightly. I was relieved, he had finally opened up. 
“I love you, Kevin. Now come on, let’s go get some dry clothes on.” He smiled back at me, and together we walked to the only car parked in the dark lot. 
By the time we got back to Geneva’s, Daniel had already put Bailey to bed. 
“Did you get him to talk?” Daniel asked from the bathroom doorway. I slipped on my fuzzy pajama bottoms, hoping to warm up, still chilled from being out in the rain. 
“He’s going to be okay. It will take some time, but he will come around,” I said, slipping a long sleeved shirt over my head. 
“The best thing we can do for him now, is just give him time, everyone grieves in their own way.”
I turned down the cover and climbed into bed. It had been a very long day, and I was exhausted. I still couldn’t believe that Murray was gone. It all seemed so surreal. 
“What are you thinking about?” Daniel asked climbing into bed. I relaxed when his arms wrapped around me, and the chill from earlier seemed to fade away with just his touch. 
“I don’t know. I was just thinking about Murray. I can’t believe he’s really gone,” I said sadly. 
“It’s devastating actually. I grew up with Murray, thinking of him as a second father. We have all suffered the loss of a great man, but we will be reunited with him one day, and for now; we can take comfort in knowing that he will be watching over us,” said Daniel. His words gave me comfort. I knew that he was right, but his death wouldn’t go unnoticed. If anything, it would make us fight harder, we would all be fighting for Murray when the time proved right. 

The first few days after Murray was gone passed in a haze. We stayed with Geneva until she was ready to go back to the island. Daniel and I spent the majority of our time training with Kevin, Madison, and Luke. We had to ban together, and we knew that we could use the knowledge Luke was prepared to give to us. 
“Okay, so today Daniel and I need to help Madison figure out her heritage. We need to figure out more than we already know about Fairies. I have found one, in particular, that is willing to meet with Madison, but we have to go today,” Kevin said looking at us all. 
“I’m fine with that, but why can’t Morgan go with us?” Daniel asked looking at Luke. He still didn’t feel comfortable having me around Luke, but I guess that was to be expected. 
“Because, Daniel; Morgan is the one who will be targeted, more than any of us. The Black Mass blames her for Luke leaving. Luke knows their powers, the way they fight, and their secrets. Morgan needs to know as much as she can, to better defend herself, because when this goes down, we will all be fighting for our lives,” Kevin explained. 
I looked around noticing Luke standing as far away as he could. With the look Daniel was giving him, I knew why. 
“It’s okay love; Kevin is right. They will be coming after me, and I need to know as much as I can. Madison needs to find out about who she is.” I wrapped my arms around his neck and looked into his eyes. The tiny green flecks were glowing. I licked my lips and brought my mouth down on his. His mouth instantly responded, moving passionately with mine. His taste intoxicated me the instant his tongue met with mine. His arms held me tightly against him, while his hands glided along my back.
 Finally, when my body felt like it would burst into flames, I regretfully pulled away. My forehead rested against his as we caught our breath.
 “Kevin needs you to be there with him. I will be fine love, trust me,” I let float to him. He closed his eyes for a moment and then opened them again. I was relieved to see his eyes back to normal. 
“We will be back as soon as we can,” Kevin said. Daniel brought his lips to mine again, but only for a second. 
“We will continue this when I get back,” he said with a wink. Heat flooded my cheeks in anticipation. 
“I’ll be counting on it. Please, just be careful. I love you.” I let my arms fall to my side and watched him as he walked over to Madison and Kevin. 
“I love you,” he said and then they all three disappeared. Since Murray had been killed, I worried when Daniel left without me. I hated that feeling, but there was nothing I could do about it. He was the love of my life, my soul mate and my little girl’s father; I was going to worry about him.

“I am sorry about everything that has happened,” Luke said. I shook my head, my thoughts still with Daniel. I turned to where he stood looking at me. 
“It wasn’t your fault, Luke. You need to stop blaming yourself.” I walked over to where he stood.
“If I hadn’t decided to leave and break my honor with The Black Mass, then Murray would still be here, and there wouldn’t be a war to prepare for.” I laughed at his statement; I just couldn’t help it. 
“Do you honestly believe that none of this would have happened, had you not left them? This battle between good and evil has been going on for longer than we both know. You didn’t kill Murray or get him killed, for that matter. It was simply his time to go, and yes; I wish it had not been in the way that it was, but we can’t do anything about that. You are now fighting for the goodness of this earth and that is what truly matters now. You have done something that was unheard of… you have changed who you are Luke, and that is all that matters. None of this was your fault. You have to know that,” I said, looking deeply into his bright-blue eyes. 
“How can you be so good? I mean, with everything that I did to you, you are still standing here defending me. I just don’t understand how you can be so forgiving and accepting of me.” I took a step closer to him and laid my hand on his arm. 
“This is who I am, Luke. I am forgiving, because I have to be. I accept you because you have found goodness in yourself, and you are trying hard to be a better person than you were before. I can see that you are not the same man you were when I was with you, and for that, I am thankful. We all make mistakes, but as long as we try to better ourselves and acknowledge all the mistakes we’ve made; well, that says a lot about your character.” He looked down at me when I finished, and I could see the sorrow behind his eyes. I couldn’t imagine living with all he had, seeing all he had seen throughout his life, and even dealing with what all he had done himself, but I knew that he was on the right path. 
“Thank you, Morgan. You made me see myself for what I was, and it is because of you that I am standing here today. I actually feel good about myself, and about helping out the Warriors, who have taken me in, even with all that has happened. This is the life that I want to lead, Morgan, and I would never do anything to jeopardize that.”
“I know that you wouldn’t. No one here blames you for what happened to Murray, so don’t even think that and don’t blame yourself. We will fight for what we believe in, and there is nothing that they can do to us. We mourn the loss of a great man, but it only makes us stronger. They really do not know who, they are dealing with,” I said proudly.
“You’re right; they don’t know who they are messing with, but you need to know who you are going to be battling. Lucifer will do whatever it takes to take you down, but before he gets his hands dirty, he will have other’s try to get rid of you first. What you have to understand is that these people will be experienced at what they do. I know that you have the best protector that you can have, but you have to be prepared. Lucifer will have the best of the best out there looking for you first,” Luke said looking at me. I had been training daily for five years waiting for the next battle; I wouldn’t go down without one hell of a fight.
“I am better prepared than I have ever been, and I am ready for anything, Luke.” 
“I know that you can take care of yourself, I have never doubted you. You have to remember I have seen you in action, but they will play dirty. I just want you to be ready for anything that may happen. Everyone involved in this battle will be fighting and there is no way we will know if you need help or not. I would say that the witches will be sent after you first, I am sure that they will come at you with any and every spell that they can. Be alert and never lose your focus.”
Luke continued to tell me of the many ways to protect myself against the evil ones, and I knew that he was truly worried about me. This battle would be even bigger than the last. Lucifer really had a purpose to take me out now; after all, he still thought that I stole his only son from him. 
“Tell me, Luke, are you happy now?” I asked once he had run out of things to warn me about. 
“I am a different person now than I was then. I feel like I now have meaning in life, and I am still struggling to find peace within myself for all the evil shit, I have done. It is different and it has been very hard, but I am happy for the first time in my life. You changed that for me, Morgan, and I will forever be grateful for that. I believe that God sent you into my life for a reason and without you, I wouldn’t have changed. You’re my angel,” he said staring out into the distance. His words warmed my heart and for once, I had been glad for the hell that I had gone through when he had taken me captive. I saved his soul; it felt good to know that. 
“Are you happy now, Morgan,” Luke asked. I felt his eyes on me and my cheeks began to warm. 
“It’s taken some time for me to accept the way things turned out for me, but all in all, I am beyond happy. I am married to the love of my life. I have a beautiful little girl, and I have a family who would do anything for me. I know that I am beyond blessed, but I still worry about bringing Bailey up in this world. It’s hard to know that one day she will take over the Warriors and led us. I hate knowing that she will have to face battles and all this evil shit, but I know that God will take care of her. It’s just a lot to take in sometimes, you know,” I said, biting my lip. I was surprised at how easy it was to talk to Luke and actually feel comfortable around him. 
“Yeah, I know. Thanks for being so understanding with me, Morgan. I don’t expect you to forgive me for the things that I have done to you, but I hope you know how sorry I am. I did care for you, I guess, I will always care for you,” he said placing his hand on my knee. I didn’t move away from his touch; instead, I placed my hand on top of his. 
“I do forgive you, Luke, please know that. I also want you to know that I did care for you, and I don’t know if that was because of the spell or not, but I know what I felt. However, I do regret that time in my life, because I hurt the one who holds my heart. I will always be a friend to you, but I can never be anything more. I am Daniel’s; always and forever,” I said standing. I didn’t want to hurt his feelings, but I also didn’t want him to get the wrong idea either. 
“He’s a lucky man. I wish you both nothing, but happiness. You truly do have a beautiful family, and I hope that one day I will have one of my own,” he said not looking at me. I nodded my head at his statement and headed for the door. 
“You’ll have that, one day, Luke,” I said before shutting the door behind me. I went up to our room and found Bailey fast asleep. I crawled into bed beside her and snuggled close to her. She smelled like sunshine and I just couldn’t get enough. She had given me so much, and my life wouldn't be complete without her. I wanted to protect her from every bad thing in this world, and I would do just that. I thanked God for my many blessings and closed my sleepy eyes. 
Chapter Twenty-Four
I was standing on my cliff, staring out into the horizon. The clouds were moving rapidly, and I suddenly felt anxious. The wind started roaring around me; it almost sounded like a train coming towards me. I wrapped my arms around myself, suddenly chilled from the change in weather. 
“You have been through so much in the past few years, Morgan, and yet you still have your faith; that is what makes you who you are. You need to be ready to fight with everything that you have… this battle will be the worst this world has yet to see,” an angelic voice said. I didn’t have to hesitate, to know, that the voice belonged to God. It had been years since I had last had a conversation with him, but I would never forget his angelic sound. 
“They have taken so much away from us God. We will be ready to battle. That is one thing that I can promise you,” I replied confidently. The wind around me started to subside. It was quiet for a moment. I looked around in hopes of seeing something, but there was nothing, other than my surroundings. 
“You can’t see me, Child, but I am here.” 
“Why are you coming to me now? It’s been years since I have talked to you,” I said sadly. There had been times when I wanted nothing more than to talk to God and have him answer my questions. 
“Morgan, I always hear you, but there are times when you have to know your faith and keep it; even in your toughest times. You did that. You always kept your faith in me, even when I didn’t come to you as you asked me to. That shows your true character, and it makes you stronger. I need you to be ready for what is about to happen. I need you to be the strongest you have ever been, and I need you to keep your faith.” 
Something about his statement made me nervous. 
“I don’t understand. Is something going to happen to someone I love?” I asked nervously. The sun had already set and night had fallen. I looked around the darkness, but I couldn’t see anything before me. 
“I can’t tell you that, but I can tell you that you will be tested. You have to be ready… mentally, as well as physically. You must never lose your faith; that is all I can tell you. Stay strong, my Child and know that I am always with you,” he said. I waited for something more from him but there was nothing; only silence. I was once again, alone on my cliff.
~*~*~*~*~*~

 “Mommy… it’s time to get up,” Bailey said, shaking my arm. I smiled and opened my eyes. My little girl was laying there, looking at me, with a smile on her own face. 
“Good morning, princess,” I said, sitting up. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes, and before I could get out of bed, Bailey was rushing out the door. I could smell breakfast being cooked, so I knew Mary would be in the kitchen. I pulled myself out of bed and stretched. I was still wearing the same clothes from the day before so I headed downstairs. I wondered if Daniel was back yet, I wanted to tell him about the dream I had, or better yet the conversation I had had with God. I knew that he was warning me about something, and this scared me. 
“Good morning, Morgan,” Mary called from the stove. She was frying bacon, and the smell was making my mouth water. 
“Morning,” I said, pouring a cup of coffee. I looked around and spotted Bailey sitting at the table, a plate of pancakes in front of her. 
“Has Daniel made it back yet?” I asked Mary. She loaded the bacon on a plate and took it over to the table. 
“Sit down and eat,” she ordered while she handed me a plate. I sat down and did what she said. She had already placed everything on the table, scrambled eggs, bacon, biscuits, gravy, and fruit. I loaded my plate and tossed some strawberries on Bailey’s plate. 
“I love strawberries,” she sang before stuffing one into her mouth. I smiled at her and shook my head. She was amazing. 
“Daniel, Kevin, and Madison made it in early this morning. They are all outside, meeting with Geneva and Alvin. After breakfast, you can join them. Bailey and I, already have plans today, so don’t you worry about her,” she said taking a seat beside me. I ate as fast as I could and downed my coffee. I needed to see Daniel. I rinsed my plate and walked over to Bailey. 
“You be good for Nanny. Mommy will see you in just a little while,” I said. I kissed her forehead and gave her a little squeeze.
“I love you,” I called over my shoulder. 
“Love you, Mommy,” she called back. 
I walked out the front door and noticed everyone standing in the yard. Daniel turned toward me and smiled, making my heart melt. He looked tired though. 
“Hey, love,” he said walking toward me. I smiled at him and threw my arms around his neck, once he reached me. 
“Hey yourself; what’s going on out here?” I asked looking around. Everyone seemed to be caught up in something.
“We were just discussing our options, so to speak. The Black Mass has already started, just like last time. People have started to disappear within territories, and we all know what that means.
Horrid imagines filled my mind when he said that. I remembered the last battle and all those creatures attacking innocent people. It hurt to think about how innocent people would be turned into such heartless monsters, knowing that we would have to kill each, and every one of them. 
“So what does this mean for us?” I asked looking around. Everyone held the same look on their faces. 
“We have come up with a plan. You see we have found out where the battle will take place; thanks to Madison,” Kevin paused. He looked to Madison and smiled. 
“You see, one of Madison’s gifts, is that she can tell the future, or more so, certain things that will happen in the future. She had a vision last night and she saw where the battle was going to take place. Angel’s, Cove, is where it will start,” he said looking at me. 
“Why would they choose to start a battle in our little hometown? That doesn’t make any sense. It seems like they would want to do it somewhere bigger or something,” I said, looking back at Daniel. He shrugged his shoulders, and I turned back to Kevin. 
“They are hitting us right where it hurts. They know our love for our town and our people; they also know the memories it has for you as well. Angel’s, Cove, is like your sacred place, and they are fighting dirty,” he explained. Daniel put his arms around my waist and held me tight. I took in what Kevin said and felt nothing but anger. I thought about all the people back there and what this would do to them, what they would do to them. 
“Our plan is simple. First, we are going to send in our army, with the exception of you, Daniel, and Luke. You, three, will be the last to come in.” 
“Wait just a minute, why are we being left behind? I will not let our army fight without me, that wouldn’t be fair,” I protested. I couldn’t stand the thought of letting the Warriors go in without me; it seemed so wrong.
“Morgan, this is for the best. We have all thought about this and having you go in last would be our best bet to win this thing. Lucifer is after the three of you, more than any of us. His guard will be down while he is searching for you… that will let us take out as many as we can before you guys come in. Everyone agrees with this plan, and nobody thinks any less of you because you won’t be the first to fight,” Kevin finished. 
I thought about what he said, and even though I did not like it, I knew he was right. They would have more of a chance, without us being there at first. 
“Okay, I will agree to that. As long as everyone has also agreed that it is the best plan for us.” 
“Then the plan is set,” Alvin, said looking at us. I could still see the sorrow in his eyes and I felt for him. I knew that he and Murray were like brothers, and I knew that he still partially blamed himself, for knowing bad was going to happen.
“So, what did you find out, Madison? I’m guessing it must have been big.” I knew that, for our army, to make plans on a vision she had; her talents must be awesome. 
“I found out a lot of things about myself and my family. There hasn’t been an active Fairy in my family, since my great-grandmother. It gets passed down, but only certain people get the full effect. Whitney, the girl who we meet with, seems to think that being around you guys sparked something to bring out my full powers. I’m not a fighter, but I can see certain things from the future, and that happened to me last night. It was crazy wild. One minute I was talking to Whitney, and the next, I was having flashes of the battle to come. So, I’m useful to you, all after all,” she explained in a hurry. 
“Madison, you have always been a part of us, but I am glad that you have figured out who you really are and what you can do. I hope that you will see us winning this damn thing,” I said, taking Daniel’s hand in mine. I was becoming more nervous by the minute. Just knowing what happened to Murray was enough to send fear throughout my body. I hated that we had to fight this way and know that the lives of the ones we loved would be in danger. I hated knowing that I would have to leave Bailey, and that Daniel would be going into this. I wish that he could stay behind, stay with our daughter, that way I knew he would be safe. I don’t know what I would do if anything ever happened to him. 
“Do you think that they are creating more vampires?” 
Everyone else was caught up in their own conversations and not paying us any attention. 
“Yes, course they are; that’s their biggest defense against us in battle,” he simply replied. 
“What about the werewolf that attacked me? Are there many of them? I mean, I hadn’t even had contact with another, and no one informed me that they were even real.” 
“Werewolves like to keep to themselves. There are many throughout this world, but we have never had a problem with them; until one decided to attack you. They usually stay with their own packs and never get between the war of good and evil. They were not created, but rather, they simply exist. I don’t know what is happening with them anymore, but it is my guess that Lucifer has gotten to them, someway.” I held on to him just a little tighter. I was scared for all that would be involved in this battle. All the innocent people who would get hurt or killed and not even know what was going on around them. This was what I feared the most. 
“Don’t worry, love… we can defeat them,” Daniel whispered into my ear. 
“I know we can, but at what cost,” I said. My conversation with God, came into my head, and I let it play out in my mind for Daniel to hear. 
“When was this?” He asked concerned. I turned to face him. 
“This was last night. I know that God was warning me about something, Daniel, I just don’t know what. This isn’t going to be like the last time. We have taken something from the devil himself, and he will stop at nothing to get Luke back. This will be the toughest battle that we have yet to face, and I’m scared. I don’t want anything to happen to anyone; we have already lost Murray.”
“Morgan, my love, there is nothing that we can do to stop it. The one thing that we can do, is prepare ourselves, and we have been doing that for five-straight-years. We are ready for this.”
I knew he was right. There was nothing left for us to do, but wait. Wait for a battle that could turn our world’s upside down. 
Chapter Twenty-Five
We decided to leave Geneva’s that night. I wanted to be back at the island, spending some normal time with Bailey, before the battle went down. I didn’t know what would happen to me, but I had a feeling that something would. My feelings had never let me down before, so I learned to act on them. 
“Mommy, when do you have to leave?” Bailey asked from the bathtub. I finished washing her hair before I answered. I wouldn’t lie to her, and I wanted her to know, that Mommy might be gone for a long time. 
“I’m not for sure, honey, but Mommy will come back to you, as soon as I can.” She looked up at me with a sad face that shattered my heart. Leaving her behind would be the hardest thing, I would ever have to do. 
“But I don’t want you to go,” she said as tears rolled down her cheeks. How was I going to explain to a five-year old, that I had to leave her, and I didn’t know when I would be back?
“Bailey, sweetheart, please don’t cry. I don’t want to leave, but Mommy has to do her job. You will be with Nanny Mary, and I am sure that you will have lots of fun while Mommy and Daddy are away. It’ll be like a long sleep over,” I said, holding back my own tears.
“Okay, but don’t stay gone long,” she said returning her attention back to her Barbie dolls. One was a mermaid, and the other was a princess in her game. 
Thirty minutes later, I had finally managed to get her out of the bathtub, dressed, and ready for bed. She lay down as I pulled the princess blanket around her. I lay beside her and stroked her hair. 
“Are you ready for your night-night prayer?” I asked. She didn’t give me an answer, but started out our nightly prayer. 
“Now I lay us down to sleep; I pray the Lord our souls to keep. May angels watch us through the night and keep us in their precious sight. Amen.”
 “And please watch over Mommy and Daddy while they go to work,” Bailey added. I wiped the stray tear that fell on my cheek and kissed her forehead. 
“I sure do love you,” I said. She closed her eyes and before long was fast asleep. I eased out of her little bed and headed out of her room as quietly as I could. I headed for the library in search of Alvin. I lightly knocked on the door and walked inside. He was sitting at his desk reading something. 
“What can I do for you?” He asked looking up at me. 
“I’m sorry to bother you, Alvin, but I was hoping you would have a minute to talk to me.” He motioned me over to the free chair by his desk. I took a seat and looked up at him.
“I don’t know what the outcome of this battle will be, but I need to know that if Daniel and Bailey will be taken care of, if I don’t make it back when you do,” I said, looking at him seriously. He took his glasses off and pinched the bridge of his nose. He looked a lot older now than he did just a week ago. His youthful face had started to wrinkle, and his brown hair, now held specks of gray in the top. This had me worried; a week ago, he looked like Daniel’s brother. 
“What do you think is going to happen?” He asked. I shook my head from side to side. 
“I have no idea, Alvin. The feeling I have is strong, and I know that I will not come back when everyone else does. I don’t think that I will be killed, but something is going to happen. I can’t talk to Daniel about this; he would try to keep me away from the battle, and you know that is not an option.” 
“Are you sure this is what you’re feeling?’
“I am positive. I just need to know that Daniel and Bailey will be taken care of, just in case something does happen to me. They are my main focus, and I need you to take care of him and not let him do anything stupid,” I explained looking at him sternly.
“You have my word that if you do not return to when we do, that I will keep both Bailey and Daniel safe. I will not let him do anything that would danger himself. I hope that you are wrong, Morgan, but I also know that the feelings we have, are almost never wrong. You take care of yourself,” he said standing. I walked over to him and gave him a hug. 
“I trust you to do this for me Alvin and keep yourself safe as well,” I said, letting go of him and walking away. 

Daniel wasn’t in the room when I returned, so I decided to soak in the Jacuzzi tub. I ran the water as hot as I could stand it and climbed in. I laid back and tried to get my body to relax. The water felt awesome and before long my tense muscles started to loosen up. I closed my eyes and thought of Daniel. I wanted him with me right now, holding me in his strong arms. 
“I guess you were thinking of me, huh,” Daniel said from the doorway. I smiled at the sight of his naked body and rose up. 
“I was just thinking about how nice it would be, to have you in this huge tub, with me.” 
“Well, your wish is my command, my love,” he said stepping in. He pulled me into him, my back against his strong chest. I lay my head back and relaxed as he rubbed my arms.
“This is nice.”  Everything could go wrong and the bad stuff could take over, but as long as I had my family, I knew I would be okay.
“What are you thinking about?” He asked. His hands stroked my stomach and up, until he was caressing my breasts. 
“Mmm… I think I just lost all train of thought.” His lips were softly brushing kisses along my neck, and my body started to tingle in anticipation.
“I love you,” he murmured in my ear, before gently grazing his teeth along my ear lope. 
No longer able to take anymore, I turned around and straddled him. I smiled when I felt him harden underneath me, payback. I brought my lips down hard on his, and playfully nibbled his. His hands went to my hips, as my tongue slid into his mouth. As always, his taste sent me into overdrive. I pulled away from him and looked into his eyes. With my hands resting against his muscular chest, I slowly slid my tongue down his neck. A low moan escaped his throat. 
I licked my way down his throat and to his chest and made my way back up again, slowly. I wrapped my arms around his neck and prepared to take him. I wanted him, all of him. He raised my bottom up and slid his slick shaft into me. I cried out in pure pleasure as we started our magic. I slid slowly up and down him, at first, but I needed more. His hands went to my hips, pumping me up and down, faster and faster. I held on to him tightly as he brought me to my peak, and his grip tightened on my hips as he tumbled over the edge with me. 
We held onto each other until the water grew cold. Daniel got out first, wrapped a fluffy white towel around his waist, and then held one out for me. I climbed out while he wrapped it around me. 
“I love you, Morgan, you are my life,” he said pulling me into his arms.
 “Daniel, I love you with everything inside of me.” He smiled his sweet smile at me and brought his luscious lips down on mine. The feel of his lips on mine, his breath falling upon my skin, was more than I could describe. It did something to me, made butterflies start flying around in my stomach, and my very core started to heat again. 
“I can’t get enough of you,” I whispered, when his lips, finally freed mine. He didn’t respond with words, but his throaty moans was enough. He lifted me onto the counter and removed the towel from my body. 
“You are mine. You will always be mine,” he said slipping inside me. I lost my breath when he entered me again. He wasn’t gentle this time, and it’s just what I needed. It was hard and fast; a need that we both needed to fulfil. I threw my head back as his lips went to my neck. I moaned when his tongue slid up and down. I matched his rhythm and soon fireworks exploded between us. He kissed me hard and lifted me off the counter. 
“That was… there are no words for the feelings I have right now,” I said, pulling his gray T-shirt over my head. He just stood there looking at me.
 “What?” I asked. He shook his head from side to side and just smiled at me.
“You are the most beautiful woman on this planet, and I am so lucky to have you as my wife.” I laughed and looked at him standing beside the door, naked, and thought about how I was the lucky one. He was perfect. 
“Come on, love, let’s go to bed,” he said holding his hand out for me to take. 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

“I don’t understand why you have to be there Mother. Can’t you just sit this battle out?” Kevin said, nearly screamed at Geneva. They had been in an intense argument since this morning. It all started when Alvin was telling us who would be going in the first groups to Angel’s, Cove, where the battle was to take place.
“This is who I am, Kevin, do you not understand that. The Warriors need me to be there, and I will be,” she shot back. I stood against the wall beside Daniel and didn’t say a word. I knew better than to get between them too, and apparently so did Alvin, Madison, and Daniel. 
“You have just lost your husband; I really don’t think that the Warriors would hold it against you, if you didn’t fight this battle. I don’t want to lose you, too, and I would feel better if I knew you were here safe.” 
Geneva’s face turned beet red as she took in her Son’s words. I scooted closer to Daniel and held onto his arm rather tightly.
“I have lost my soul mate, Kevin; I am aware of that, but I will not be a coward. I will stand with my people and fight for what I believe in, and there is nothing in this world that will stop me. I am sorry if this does not make you happy, but this is my final word. I will be one of the first to go in there, and I will come out of this. Unbelievably, I can manage to take care of myself. Now if that is all you have to say, I have other things to get done,” she said turning and walking out of the library. 
Kevin threw his hands up in the air. “That woman is so hard headed. I don’t know what I am going to do with her,” he said rubbing his hands through his hair. 
“Kevin, she is your Mother. Geneva is one of the strongest women I know. You two are just alike that way. Give her some credit; she knows what she’s doing,” I said. I didn’t want to poke my nose into their business, but he needed to hear that. 
“I know that, Juliet. I just worry about her; that’s all.” I walked over to him and put my hand on his shoulder. I knew he was still having a hard time with the loss of his Father, and now we were so close to battle, I knew he feared he would lose his Mother too. 
“I know you want to protect her, but you can’t take away who she is. This is what she has been doing for more years than I know.” 
He looked up at me and nodded. “You’re right; this is who she is, and I will not be the one to take that away from her. I should go find her and apologize for ambushing her.”
“We will be sending the first group out tomorrow and following reports from them will determine when I and the rest will go. Of course, you two know that only after that will you be able to come. Kevin will be coming with me and when you are to come, I will send him back to you,” Alvin said looking at Daniel and me.
“Why tomorrow?”
“It has already started. They have moved into Angel’s Cove, and they are sitting up camp. The people there are not safe anymore, and the sooner we get in there, then the sooner we will be done with all this.”
Daniel and I both nodded. We didn’t need to ask any more questions. We already had all the answers we needed.
“I wonder if this gets any easier.” I asked once we were in our room. Daniel sat down on the edge of the bed and rubbed his hands through his hair. 
“You mean going into battle with the dark ones?” He asked looking up at me. 
“Yeah, exactly… I mean we are going to be doing this all of our lives, Daniel. I just wonder if at any point it gets easier.” This would be my second battle with The Black Mass, and I was just as nervous as I was in the first one. 
“I don’t know, love. I don’t think that it gets easier. You go into the battle knowing that this could possibly be your last one, you know. I think that is what ways heavy with me. I have so much to live for now, and I hate the thought that I could be taken away from you and Bailey. I hate that you have to go into battle fighting for your life, and there is nothing that I can do. I wish you didn’t have to fight this fight alongside us. I know how brave you are and how skilled, but I hate knowing that they can hurt you, that they can take you away from me.” 
I stood locked in place in front of him. His words hit my heart like a ton of bricks and at that moment, I wished that we didn’t have to do this. I wasn’t afraid to fight my battle or to fight for the goodness of this world, but I was afraid to lose Daniel. It scared me to the bone to think that I could be taken away from the man I loved and our beautiful daughter.
Daniel reached out his arm and let his fingers softly brush my arm. Shivers ran up and down my arm from his touch and I closed my eyes. I loved his touch, and the feelings it created within me. 
“You are my life, Daniel; I want you to know that. I am yours now, forever, and always. If something was to happen to me, I want you to promise me that you would take care of Bailey and keep our family safe,” I asked with pleading eyes. I held back my tears, but I wanted him to promise me. I guess with just one promise from him I knew that I would be okay. 
“Nothing is going to happen to you. We will come back together, and we will be with our daughter.” 
“Please, Daniel; just promise me. It would make me feel a whole lot better. If anything does happen to me, I don’t want you doing something stupid. We have Bailey to think about now.”
“Do you know something that I don’t?” He asked. I didn’t want to lie to him, but I also didn’t want to tell him the feeling I had. It was hard to explain. 
“I don’t know anything for sure, Daniel, or I would tell you. I will say that I don’t have a very good feeling about this, but I could be wrong,” I answered him honestly. I couldn’t lie to him, not now and not ever. He needed to know what I was feeling.
“I will promise you that if something does happen, I will take care of Bailey, but I can’t promise that I won’t do anything stupid. You are my wife, Morgan and if something happened to you, I don’t know what I would do. I can’t live without you.” 
That was not the answer I wanted, but I knew that was just Daniel. He would always fight for us, for me. I put my arms around his neck and just held onto him. Bailey burst through the door minutes later and announced that dinner was done. 
“Nanny and I made pizza. She even let me spread the sauce and the cheese. That was my job and for dessert we baked a chocolate cake, because she said that would make everyone feel better, but I feel good already and everyone looks okay to me. I think she just said that because her chocolate cake is my favorite. Come on, Mommy and Daddy; let’s go have dinner,” she said running back out of the door. Daniel and I just stared at each other before we both started laughing.
“That’s our daughter,” Daniel said proudly. He stood us and kissed my cheek before taking my hand. 
“And you’re my love. I don’t like thinking that something could happen to you, but I will promise to always take care of YOU and Bailey, no matter what. There is nothing that can keep us apart, and if they try, well, I will do everything I can to make them regret that.” I smiled up at him. I knew that he meant every word he said, and I knew that if I didn’t come back from this battle when he did that Bailey would be taken care of. Daniel would make sure of that. 
“That’s fair enough. I just wanted you to know what I was feeling Daniel. I hate thinking that they could take me away from you and Bailey, but it’s what I feel and I need you to take care of our daughter; I know that you will. I love you with all my soul,” I said, looking into his wonderful hazel eyes. 
“And I will take care of you. Always and forever,” he said.
Chapter Twenty-Six
I awoke the next morning earlier than usual. I crept out of bed, careful not to wake Daniel. I made my way downstairs and into the kitchen; Mary wasn’t even up yet. I went straight to the coffee pot and turned it on. I knew Mary would already have it prepared; she always did. As soon as it was half way filled, I poured myself a cup and headed outside. I walked until I was standing on the cliff and looking at the calm Sea. Being out here brought peace to me, for some reason. I thought about my life, Daniel, Bailey and the family I now called my own. It was amazing how life worked itself out sometimes. Through all the bad shit that we had been through, there was also so much good. I didn’t want to forget what I had been blessed with. I was extremely lucky to have all I did. 
“Juliet, What are you doing up so early?” I smiled at Kevin’s voice and turned to see him approaching me. I could tell by his attire that he had been out for his morning run. 
“I just couldn’t sleep.  Did you have a good run?” I asked looking at his sweat drenched clothes. He smiled from ear to ear. “It’s the only thing that helps calm me down and just what I needed this morning.” I nodded my head understanding. 
“Do you ever just have a feeling about something? I mean, like knowing something bad is going to happen, but you don’t know what?” I asked him. Kevin had become my brother; he was someone I knew I could talk to about anything and he would never question me. I knew that he would always be straight up with me no matter what. 
“You feel something, Juliet?”
I took a deep breath and released it. The fresh air felt good in my lungs, but my heart was hurting. I felt so much sadness, that I didn’t know what to do. 
“I don’t know, Kevin. I just have this feeling; a feeling that something is going to happen to me. I can’t shake it and it’s honestly killing me inside. I don’t know if I could stand to be away from Bailey or Daniel for long. What if they take me away from them?” 
Kevin placed his arm around me and gently squeezed. I let the tears fall freely. It would be the only time I would cry now; I wouldn’t allow myself to cry in front of my family. I wouldn’t let them see how much this battle was killing me on the inside.
“I do believe that our feelings have a way of telling us stuff. I think mostly; it’s to prepare ourselves for what might come. I hate to think of them doing anything to you Juliet, and I will promise to do all I can do to protect you and the rest of the Warriors. I hope your feelings are wrong. I hope that we all survive this battle and come back to our lives, but it doesn’t always turn out the way we like. We all know that first hand, but we will fight with all that we have, because if we don’t The Black Mass could win and then there would literally be hell on earth.” I took in his words. I knew he spoke the truth and all I could do was fight with all that I had. I knew that God would take care of me no matter what happened, and I trusted him with my life. I had to be strong for my family, for Bailey. I had to show her that regardless of what we faced, we had to be strong. I wanted her to grow up knowing that we never turned our back on people who needed our help. 
“Thanks, Kevin. Whatever is going to happen will happen, but I will not let it interfere with what we are doing. I will fight them until the day I am no longer on this earth, and I will fight them with everything I have in me. They will not win. We have too much to fight for,” I said, hugging him. I wiped my tears away and took the time to catch my breath. Kevin stood silently beside me as I pulled myself together. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

 “Where have you two been?” Mary asked as we entered the kitchen. The smell of bacon hit my nose, and my mouth began to water as it always did in her kitchen.
“Just gathering ourselves before we head out,” Kevin said grabbing a piece of bacon from the plate sitting on the counter. Mary slapped at his hand playfully, and I laughed. 
“Have you seen my little girl this morning?” I asked looking around. Bailey wasn’t in the kitchen, which meant that she hadn’t gotten up yet. 
“Not yet, but I heard little footsteps, not too long ago.  So, it won’t be much longer until she bursts into the kitchen.” No sooner than Mary finished her sentence, Bailey came in running. I smiled and lifted her up into my arms. 
“Hey, beautiful; did you sleep good last night?” I asked, placing kisses all over her little face. She giggled and tried to squirm out of my arms. 
“Mommy, that tickles,” she said through her laughter. “Okay I’ll stop,” I said, placing one more kiss on her cheek, before sitting her down. Daniel walked in then looking gorgeous as always. His hair messed up from sleep, and his bare chest had me shaking my head. I still wondered how someone could look so damn sexy just getting out of bed. 
“There you are, love. I missed waking up beside you this morning,” he said wrapping his arms around my waist. I smiled at his words, his touch. 
“Sorry, I couldn’t sleep, so I just took a walk. I love you,” I said, holding his arms tight. 
“I guess I can forgive you, but let’s not make it a habit.”
His lips brushed lightly against my neck and tingles went through my whole body. I pulled away before anyone noticed and playfully slapped his arm. He smiled widely at me before we took our seats at the table. Alvin and Geneva walked in moments later and helped Mary with the rest of the food. Once we were all seated, Alvin blessed the food, and we quietly began to eat. This had always been morning routine living with the McKay’s, and they never ate without blessing the food first. It was something that made me smile. I loved being a part of their family.
After breakfast, Daniel and I, took Bailey outside to explore the island. Alvin and the others would soon be leaving, and we wanted this time together as a family before we had to go. The island itself was such a magical place to be. Bailey loved it just as much as we all did. Maybe it was knowing that we were protected here and that no one could hurt us, or maybe it was just being together as a family, either way it held a big place in my heart.
“This is our special place, love. No one can get to us here,” Daniel said breaking my thoughts. It was easy to forget he could hear my thoughts. 
“Your right… this is our place. I am glad that Bailey is going to be able to experience it as we have. She absolutely loves it here.” We both looked over at her. She was crouched down trying to catch some kind of bug. We laughed together, and I shook my head. That girl would catch anything that didn’t catch her first. 
“She’s definitely your daughter,” I said to Daniel as Bailey held up a slimy frog. 
“Look, I found a little frog,” she said holding it up proudly for us to see. I smiled down at her and shook my head. Daniel walked over to her and held the frog in his hand. I watched the two of them with pride; they were so much alike. Bailey had for sure got her Daddy’s adventurous side. She wasn’t afraid of anything in the wild and would chase anything that ran from her.
“Does Mommy want to hold the cute little frog,” Daniel asked, playfully. I took a step back afraid he would try to put that little thing on me. I didn’t like holding, anything that felt slimy, and he knew that. 
“No, Mommy does not want to hold that thing. I think that you and Bailey has that covered, but thank you for asking Daddy; you're just so nice,” I said, raising my eyebrow. Daniel handed the frog back to Bailey, and we began walking again. The sun was shining, but there was still a chill in the air. September was looking to be chillier than it usually was. We came to a stop on the cliff, and Daniel held me in his arms. Bailey was now sitting in the grass playing with her frog. I couldn’t help, but to feel sorry for the little frog.  
“I love you, Morgan McKay… always and forever,” Daniel whispered murmurs in my ear. I turned around in his arms and looked up at his magnificent face. 
“You are my everything, Daniel. You came into my life when I needed you the most and it has never been the same. You have given me so much. I never knew I could love someone the way I love you, and yet I fall more in love with you every day. You will always have my heart and my love.” 
He brought his hands up and cupped my face in them. I was lost in his eyes and everything bad faded away. He slowly lowered his head until our mouths were almost touching. His thumbs stroked my cheeks as we gazed at each other. I could get lost in his eyes, but after a moment, his lips brushed mine, and all thought was lost. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer to me. His tongue traced the outline of my lips and electricity flowed between us. I opened my mouth, and his tongue found mine. My hands stroked his hair as our tongues danced together. His arms tightened around my waist. I regretfully pulled away from him and smiled when he looked down at me. 
“Better stop now … we can finish later,” I said with a wink. He smiled at me and nodded. “Yeah, that’s probably for the best,” he said still holding me close. 
“Froggy got away,” Bailey screamed out. I turned to see her running around, chasing the hopping frog. Daniel and I ran over to where she was and tried to catch the rather fast little thing. 
“You need to watch where you are going, Bailey. I don’t want you getting so close to the edge of the cliff,” I said when she chased the frog in that direction. 
“He got away. Now I’ll never have another frog again,” she wailed. Her tears were flowing as I put my arms around her. 
“Now, Bailey, you know that you can’t keep a frog for a pet; especially one from the wild. Maybe he was missing his family and wanted to go find them. You will find another one to play with,” I said to her. Her face already streaked from her tears. She looked at me with her big hazel eyes and stuck her bottom lip out. 
“No I won’t,” She said pouting. Daniel kneeled down beside us and rubbed the remaining tears from her cheek. 
“You don’t want to leave that bottom lip stuck out forever, what if a bird lands on it?” He asked her with a smile. 
“That would never happen, Daddy,” she said looking around.
 “It sure could honey… I had it happen to me one time when Nanny wouldn’t allow me to do something that I really wanted to do. How ‘bout you wipe your face off, and we will go on the hunt for another little Froggy? There’s a ton of them around here, and I’m sure we can find at least one more for you to play with today.” Her little arms went around his neck, and she kissed his cheek. 
“Thanks, Daddy,” she said taking his hand and running off. I stood there looking at them, as they ran off in search of another frog. I was so glad that Daniel was the hands-on kind of father. Watching them together, doing the simplest task made my heart warm.  
“That’s picture perfect,” Madison said walking up to me. I looked at her and smiled. Her blonde hair was pulled up in a ponytail, and her pink sundress was flowing in the breeze; she was so pretty. 
“I hope that Kevin and I will have that one day,” she said staring at Daniel and Bailey.
“I have no doubt that you, and Kevin will. You are perfect for each other. How are you feeling about the battle?” I asked. I could sense her nervousness, and I knew the feeling all too well. 
“It scares the hell out of me, to be honest. I worry about Kevin, about you and Daniel, and all who are going into this thing. I know what can happen, and I see Geneva’s sadness everyday; I don’t want anything bad to happen to any of you all.”  I put my hand on her shoulder and squeezed. Her baby-blue-eyes were filling with tears, and I wished that I could do more to comfort her. 
“Trust me, girl, I know how you feel. I don’t want anything to happen to anyone, but we know that it will. All we can do is fight with all that we have in us, and hope the best will come out of this. Kevin is one of the strongest men I know and such a great protector. I have no worries that he will come back to you. We have to trust God and know that everything will be okay. To know that we are fighting for the greater good,” I said, trying to reassure not only her, but myself as well. She looked over at me and gave me a weak smile. 
“I know you're right, Morgan. I do trust God with everything I have, but with that said, I still worry about how this will turn out. I hope that I can at least help assist you all.” 
“Have you discovered any new powers?” I asked. I mentally kicked myself for not talking to her more. I felt like such a shitty friend. I didn’t mean to be, but this damn battle seemed to be the only thing on my mind these days. 
“Morgan, you are the best friend I have ever had. I understand that things have been rough on you with all this, so I don’t hold that against you. You can quit thinking that now; you are a true friend,” she said putting her arm around my waist. Of course, she would know what I was thinking. We had always been able to tell that about one another. 
“You are so great,” I said, smiling at her. We both sat down on the soft grass, ready to dive into conversation. 
“You are, too… you brought Kevin and I back together, and you discovered something special about me. Look,” she said elbowing me. I looked over at her and gasped when I saw the tiny sparkling wings extend from her back. 
“That is awesome,” I said as I reached out my hand to touch them. They felt like silk and looked magical. I was amazed at how beautiful she looked at that moment. 
“Pretty sweet, huh,” she said smiling over at me. 
It was still hard to believe that my best friend was a real Fairy, or that they even existed in real life.
“Yeah, that is amazing Madison,” I said, watching the beautiful wings disappear. 
“It’s all so crazy. I would have never in a million years thought I would be living in a world that was like a fairy tale, but this is.” We both laughed in unison. She was exactly right. 
“You know I’ve decided to go with Kevin into battle. I can be of help to the wounded. I will be there to heal all the ones that I can.” I looked at her seriously. I hadn’t even known that she would be going into this thing, and I didn’t like it.
“Are you sure that you should go?” I asked. I didn’t doubt her ability one bit, but I didn’t like the thought of her being out there with us. 
“I can do this, Morgan. I am not a weak little girl. I can help, and I am going to do just that. People will need me,” she said angrily. 
“I didn’t mean it that way, Madison. I know that you are more than capable, I just don’t like it. You are my best friend, and I don’t want anything to happen to you. Please do not be upset with me. I just worry; that’s all.” 
“I’m not upset and I knew what you meant. I know that you have so much to worry about, Morgan, I do, but I will not set back and watch when I can be useful. I can take care of myself, and I won’t get in anyone’s way. I just want to help,” she said looking at me to understand, and I did. I knew that no matter what I would never be able to set back and watch, when there was something that I could do. 
“Are you leaving with the rest of them tonight?” She looked away from me and started picking the blades of grass beside her. 
“Yes, I am leaving tonight,” she replied without looking at me. I nodded my head and looked straight in front of me. I could do nothing more, but have faith that those who took part in this war would be okay. 
“Daddy caught me another frog,” Bailey yelled running toward Madison and me. She nearly fell into my lap the moment, she reached us.
“Did you and Daddy have fun?” I asked her. Her face beamed at my question. 
“There were so many frogs and Daddy found the perfect one for me, see,” she exclaimed holding a slimy little frog to my face. I laughed when she cupped her hand over it and ran over to Madison. I stood up and walked over to Daniel. 
“Looks like you two had fun,” I said, taking his hand in mine. He smiled and his face lit up just like our daughters had. 
“As much fun as you can have chasing little creatures around,” he said looking over at me. 

“It’s time,” Kevin’s voice floated through my head. I looked over at Daniel with sadness. I hated this, more than anything, and I hated the fact that I wouldn’t be there fighting with the rest of the Warriors.
“We won’t be long behind them love; we will fight alongside them when our time has come,” Daniel whispered in my ear. He knew what I was thinking and was trying to comfort me. 
“Yes we will. I just worry… about everyone,” I said. Madison and Bailey walked over to us, and together we headed back to the house. Mary was waiting for us in the foyer with a gloomy look upon her face. She smiled when she saw Bailey and took her by the hand.
“I think it’s time for you to get a bath, my dirty little granddaughter.” Bailey laughed and held her frog out for her to see. Mary jumped back, and we all started to laugh. 
“Child, you scared the daylights out of me with that slimy thing. Who let you bring that in, anyway?” Mary asked her, but looked straight at Daniel. 
“Daddy said I could keep him,” Bailey said beaming her smile at Mary. Mary’s face softened and she shook her head. 
“Sure he did. I guess we better find that critter a place to stay, and then I am going to put you in the tub and scrub, scrub, scrub.” I gave Bailey a hug and kiss, and soon she and Mary was heading in search of the frogs new shelter. Daniel took my hand in his, and together we headed up to the library.  Walking in, I noticed that Kevin, Alvin, and Geneva were already dressed in their combat gear. Geneva threw Madison a handful of clothes, and she quickly disappeared. 
“We will keep you both informed of the situation. Be prepared to leave at any time. We really do not know how long this is going to play out until we need you, but I am sure it won’t be long,” Alvin said staring at Daniel and I. 
“We will be ready whenever we are needed,” Daniel said looking at his father. Madison returned dressed in the same gear and walked over to Kevin. I looked at all four of them and silently prayed for their safety.
“This is it,” Kevin said. Within seconds, he and Madison vanished and Alvin and Geneva shortly after them. I stood in the library and looked at where they stood only moments before. This was it; the battle had begun. 
“I guess we should go find Luke now. We, all three, have to be ready to go when the time comes,” Daniel said turning to me. I just stood there and looked at him. His arms went around my waist and pulled me into him. I lay my head on his chest and listened to his steady heartbeat. I had never felt safer than I did in his arms. Daniel let me have my moment in silence. That was the great thing about him; he knew when I just needed a moment to hold onto him. 
“Alright, let’s go find Luke,” I said, looking into his wonderful eyes. We hadn’t seen much of Luke since Murray’s death. He mostly stayed to himself or trained with Kevin. I knew he was staying in the guest-house, which was located right outside of the main house. Daniel and I checked on Bailey, who was having a blast in a bathtub full of bubbles. 
“She’s fine,” Mary, said shooing us away. The walk to the guest-house was filled with silence. I knew that Daniel didn’t want to be around Luke, and I knew this was going to be uncomfortable. We walked up the flower-lined walkway and onto the white porch. The porch swing was rocking back and forth in the wind, and the sun had already set. It wasn’t completely dark yet, but it was close. I knocked lightly on the door and waited. 
“I don’t know if I can do this,” Daniel said looking at me. Guilt tugged at my very soul at his words. I couldn’t imagine how hard this was for him; being around the man who I had once had feelings for and was once leading our very enemies. I had had to be around Carmen, but that was completely different. Although, they had been intimate once, I knew it wasn’t a returned affection. Daniel couldn’t stand her and they had only been together, because she had seduced him with her Witchy ways. 
“I’m sorry, Daniel.” I knew it wasn’t enough, but it was all I could manage to say. 
“Please don’t apologize for the past, Morgan. I told you then and I will tell you now, that I don’t blame you for anything that happened. He’s just not my favorite person,” he said right before the door slowly opened. I looked over to see Luke standing there staring at us. His black hair was ruffled and he was rubbing his eyes. He was wearing only his blue jeans, and I realized that we must have woken him up. 
“It’s happening,” Daniel said to him. Luke motioned us inside, and I followed behind Daniel. We took a seat on the black leather couch while Luke pulled on a red T-shirt. He sat down in the recliner facing us.
“Have the other’s already left?” He asked looking at me. I nodded my head up and down.
“Yes, they are already gone. Alvin thought it would be best if we all three stayed close together. They don’t know when we will be needed, but it could be as soon as tonight, no one knows for sure,” I said. I could feel Daniel tense up beside me, and I took his hand in mine. 
“So, I guess that means that we three have to stay together until we get called up for duty,” Luke said. I could feel his nervousness. I couldn’t imagine going against my father, but then again, my father wasn’t the devil either. 
“Alvin says it’s for the best if we do stick together, Luke. Once Kevin shows up to get us, we have to make it fast. I don’t want to lose anyone in this battle, and I know that we all would feel better if we were already there. Daniel and I have Bailey to consider, and we want to be as close to her as possible, until we are needed. I think it would be best if you joined us in the main house from now on and let’s try to all get along, okay,” I said standing. I didn’t know how much longer we would have, but I wanted to spend every second I could with my daughter.
“I want the same thing that you all want, Morgan, and I would never intentionally upset you or your family. If you both think it would be best for me to be in the main house then I will,” he said looking at both Daniel and I. 
“Gather what you want to take with you to the house and Morgan and I will be waiting for you outside,” Daniel said walking out of the small living room. I looked over at Luke and shrugged my shoulders. 
“This is hard for all of us, but you are now with the Warriors, and we have to learn to get along with each other.” 
“I know that, Morgan, but he will never forgive me for what I did to you and I for one can’t blame him. I can’t apologize enough for all the harm I did, and not to mention, that damn spell Edmund cast upon you; I swear I didn’t know.” 
“You were a different person then, and I am so glad that you have made a change. I don’t hold any of that against you, that wouldn’t make me a good person if I did. The spell wasn’t your fault either, and I never blamed you for that; I know that you didn’t know about it. It was in the past and whether we like it, or not we are a part of each other’s history. You have to understand how Daniel feels and how awkward this is for him as well.” 
I turned and started walking the way we had come in. I wanted to find Daniel and make sure he was okay. I closed the door behind me and walked onto the porch. The cool air filled my lungs, and I took a deep breath. I could see Daniel standing on the walkway, and I made my way to him. I didn’t say anything, but instead I put my arms around his waist. His hands met mine, and I felt at ease. I heard the door close behind us and I heard footsteps come upon us. I didn’t turn to see Luke instead; Daniel took my hand and started walking. Once inside the main house, we went into the kitchen. Bailey was of course having her bedtime snack, and Mary was brewing some fresh coffee. 
“Nanny said I could stay up until you, and Daddy got back,” Bailey said in a rush. I laughed at her and plucked a strawberry off her plate. 
“I’m glad you waited for me and Daddy,” I said before kissing her sticky cheek. Mary looked at us and then at Luke, who stood in the doorway awkwardly. 
“Would you guys like a cup of coffee? It’s going to be an awfully long night,” Mary asked pulling the cups out of the cupboard. She tried to hide her worries, but I could see the fear in her eyes; the fear that we all had but none of us wanted to voice. 
“I would love some, but I’ll wait until after, I get little missy here, off to bed,” I said. She poured two cups and offered one to Luke, who graciously accepted. 
“Go give nanny a hug and tell her night, night,” I told Bailey. She hopped off her chair and ran with her arms wide open over to Mary. 
“I love you,” she said before running back to us. Daniel lifted her up in his arms, and together we made our way up to our room. Bailey was already asleep by the time we laid her in her bed. I pulled the cover over her and kissed her cheek. 
“I love you, princess,” I whispered in her ear. Daniel turned on her night light, and we tiptoed out of her room. 
“I wish I could fall asleep as fast as she does,” I said once our door was closed. I fell upon our bed beside Daniel and stared at the ceiling. I knew that neither one of us would be able to sleep tonight. I was anxiously awaiting word from Alvin or Kevin. 
“This sucks,” Daniel, said breaking the silence. I snuggled close to him, taking in his sweet, exotic smell. 
“What part?” I asked. He rolled over to face me and stroked my hair. It felt like any normal night with him. 
“Not being able to stand with our people and fight alongside them. I hate waiting and not knowing what’s going on,” he replied. 
“It won’t be much longer, love. I don’t like this anymore than you do, but I know that Alvin was right about leaving us behind, for the time being. They have more of a chance to take out as many as they can before we get there.” 
“Yes they do.” 
We lay snuggled in bed for a while, not needing to say a word. Our minds were on our family. Finally, Daniel got up and I followed. We headed downstairs in search of coffee. Mary and Luke were sitting at the bar, seemingly in deep conversation. They both looked up at us when we entered.
“Is Bailey sleeping?” She asked looking at me. I smiled the best I could and nodded. 
“She was asleep before she even got upstairs. Have you heard anything?” I asked. I knew that she, and Alvin had a connection like Daniel and I and I wondered if he had tried to communicate with her since we had been gone. 
“No, sweetie, I haven’t heard anything. Alvin has blocked our connection, which means that he doesn’t want me to see anything.” Of course, he had. I would do the same thing; in fact, both Daniel and I had blocked each other before. 
“Here you go, love,” Daniel said handing me a cup of coffee. I took a sip and smiled. Hazelnut creamer; he knew just how I liked it. 
“Thanks, honey.” We joined Mary and Luke at the bar, and together we waited. We waited to hear the news of what was going on; we waited to hear when we would be leaving.
Chapter Twenty-Seven
The rest of the night went by slowly. We sat around in the kitchen waiting on information from someone, but got nothing. Finally, around two o’clock, Daniel and I made our way into the living room. I ran upstairs and checked on Bailey, who was sleeping like a little baby. I closed her door back and headed downstairs. Daniel was sprawled out on the oversized couch, and motioned for me to join him; I didn’t hesitate. I pulled the fuzzy blanket from the top and snuggled close to my love. Listening to the food channel he was watching had my eyes struggling to stay open. 
~*~*~*~*~*~*~
I looked around me, but all I could see was fire. It was so hot and I felt like I would pass out at any moment. I was afraid to move; the fire was blazing everywhere I looked. 
“This is where you are destined to be, Morgan.” I looked around to see where the voice had come from, but again, I could see nothing. 
“You are in my house now, bitch, and I will make sure you stay right where you are,” the voice said again. Chills ran up and down my body. I knew who held the voice I was hearing. 
“Of course you do. I am your master now,” the voice said, suddenly closer to me. I could make out the shadow right in front of me, and I held my ground when he finally revealed his self to me. 
“I should have known that I was in hell by the looks of this place, and who better to bring me here then the devil himself,” I said sarcastically. Lucifer inched closer, bringing himself face to face with me. I could see the hatred he had for me, and I felt all the evil within him pulsating from his body. I wouldn’t show him the fear I had on the inside; I knew that’s what he wanted. 
“What better way to end a war than to take the future of our enemies back home with me. I did of course bring my son back, too; I couldn’t let him make a saint of himself,” he said with amusement. Suddenly, the fire died down around me, and I could see Luke off to my right. His hands were tied above his head, and he was fighting to free himself. He looked over at me and I could see the hurt on his face. Lucifer had managed to get everything that he wanted. Luke and I were now in hell with him and I couldn’t remember exactly how we had got here. My mind was a foggy cloud, and my head was busting. 
“What do you want with me?” I asked. His amusement faded and now his face held nothing but anger. 
“What do I want with you? Are you really going to ask me that? I want the little bitch that took my son away from me and made him into a fucking follower of God, who took away some of my best people because she couldn’t control herself. I want you to suffer like no other ever has before. I want you to fucking burn in hell for the rest of your fucking life; you little bitch,” he screamed out at me. His hand was on my neck now, his fingers locking in their grip. 
“I will make your life nothing; you ass-hole. You can’t blame me for your son leaving this behind him, and you will never keep us here; you know that. I will find my way back home, and I will fight you until my death,” I said, through my teeth. His hand tightened around my throat and my air supply was immediately cut off. 
“I will keep you here for all eternity and there is nothing that you and nothing that bastard son of mine can do about. You will serve me, or I will simply kill you; it wouldn’t be so hard to do,” he said before releasing his grip. I fell to the floor gasping for air. My knees felt like they were on fire from the hot surface beneath me. It was stifling hot and I was so tired. Was this my fate? Was I going to be stuck in hell with Lucifer for all eternity? I thought before my eyes shut, and I lost the conciseness. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

 “Morgan, wake up,” I heard Daniel say. I opened one eye and saw Daniel kneeling down beside me.
“Is everything okay?” I asked looking at him concerned.
“You must have been having a bad dream,” he said looking up at me. I remembered the dream vividly, and I replayed it in my head, for him to see. As always, I knew that this dream was meant as a warning, a possible outcome of the events ahead of us.
“We won’t let that happen to you, love,” he said staring intently at me. I wish that I could believe what he said, but I knew that was something he couldn’t control.
“I know that you will do everything in your power to protect me, Daniel and I couldn’t ask any more of you.” 
“Kitchen, now,” Mary yelled out. Daniel and I ran into the kitchen to see what was going on. Mary never raised her voice no matter what. As we walked into the kitchen, Mary was leaning over the counter. Luke stood beside her and held up his finger. After a moment, Mary looked up to Daniel, and they locked eyes. 
“Alvin just opened his connection back up to me and allowed me to see what was going on around him. Lucifer hasn’t shown himself in Angel’s, Cove yet, but his army is getting antsy. The Warriors look like they are holding their own with The Black Mass and no one has been seriously injured,” she said looking at the three of us. I was relieved that no one had been hurt, but more anxious to get out there and help. 
“How much longer do you think it will be before Lucifer shows up?” Daniel asked Luke. All eyes were on him as he bit his lip and thought about it. 
“I honestly don’t have the answer to that. Lucifer isn’t one to fight his battles himself; he has always had other people do his dirty work. If I had to guess, I would say it will be after his people have made sure that we are nowhere to be found. This will anger him more than anything; he will mess up his plan and give us the upper hand,” he said with a smile. Just then, Bailey came running in the kitchen smiling at all of us standing there.
“Good morning, my beauty queen,” I said smiling. Her golden-brown hair was tangled from sleep, and her hazel eyes were wide open. She ran over to me and reached her arms up. I lifted her into my arms and held onto her tightly. The conversation dropped after she came into the room and Daniel and Mary started breakfast. 
I took Bailey over to the table and gave her some paper and crayons; she was content to just sit there and draw pictures.
“Can I give you two a hand?” I asked. I knew of course that they would turn me down. But I hated not offering. 
“It’s almost done, honey, you just spend time with your beautiful daughter and Daniel, and I will finish up here,” Mary said from her spot by the stove. I shrugged my shoulders and took my seat beside Bailey. Luke sat on the other side, seemingly lost in thought. I wondered what was going through his mind; was he nervous about the battle, or more so about going against his father for the first time in his life? I couldn’t imagine what that must be like for him; he had been enemies with the warriors for all of his life, and now the warriors had accepted him into their family as their own. It had to be hard on him. Daniel interrupted my thoughts when he sat the food in front of me on the table. I looked up at him and could see by the look on his face that he had heard what I was thinking.
“I know that you don’t care for him, love, but this has got to be hard on him,” I let run through my mind. He took his seat beside me and put his arm around my shoulder.
“I understand that, Morgan, but that doesn’t mean that I have to be best friends with the guy. I can never forget what he did to you when you were being held captive, and how many times he hurt you,” Daniel shot back. I put a pancake on Bailey’s plate and cut it up for her before answering him back. 
“I know, but he is trying very hard to become a better person, and we have to realize that he’s not who he used to be. That’s all I’m saying and I don’t want to argue with you about it. I know how and why you feel the way you do, so please let’s drop it.”
“Consider it dropped; you have such a big forgiving heart my love… it’s one of the many things I love about you.”
We ate together in an awkward silence; even Bailey was quieter than usual today. Luke excused himself when he was finished and left the table. I heard the front door shut moments later. Daniel and I offered to help Mary with the dishes, but she insisted that she and Bailey were cleaning partners. 
“It’s what we do, mommy,” she said carrying her plate to the sink. I watched her walk away from me, and for the first time I realized just how grown she was becoming. She was no longer my little chubby girl, but becoming her own person. No matter what though, I knew that Bailey Grace McKay, would always be my baby… I didn’t care how old she was. 
“How about we go train while we have the time to do so,” Daniel said looking at me. I looked down at my attire of jeans and a sweatshirt and decided that I had better get on some different clothes first. 
“That actually sounds good, just let me change first,” I said, turning and heading for the stairs. I bounded the stairs as fast as I could and went into our bedroom. I walked into our closet and pulled out my black yoga pants; they were the best to train in and allowed me to move freely. I pulled them on and reached for the pink tank top that was hanging in front of me. Pulling my hair in a ponytail, I rushed back downstairs and into the kitchen. 
“Mommy and Daddy will be right outside if you need us,” I said to her. I kissed her cheek and headed out. The air was cooler this morning. I looked up and noticed how the clouds hid the sun; it had been the first time, since being here on the island, that the sun hadn’t been shining. 
“We’re over here,” Daniel called out. I looked away from the sky and noticed Daniel and Luke standing together in the yard. I smiled and made my way over to them wondering what was going on. 
“What’s going on?” I asked. Daniel smiled his cocky smile at me and then looked at Luke. 
“I thought that it would be a good idea to have you and Luke go against each other,” he replied. I looked at him like he was insane, but I didn’t’ think that it was a bad idea. I had seen Luke fight before, and knew that he would be a hard target for me to take down. 
“If that’s what you want,” I said, smiling to myself. Men, they could be amused by the little things. 
“Alright then, you know how we fight and there are no rules, so anything goes. Just try to restrain from seriously hurting each other,” Daniel said moving back. I walked over to the middle of the yard and waited for Luke. Once he reached me, we bumped first and the fight was on. Luke didn’t hesitate to make the first move. I dodged his leg as it came to my stomach, and I threw my leg in his back. It moved him a couple of feet back, but that was it. We circled around each other, not knowing what to do. Then his fist came flying towards my face, and I didn’t have time to move. It landed right on my cheek and knocked me down. The fearful look on his face was priceless as he came rushing over to me. 
“I am so sorry, Morgan; I didn’t mean to actually hit you. I thought you would move out of the way,” he said in a rush. I laughed inside; he had just made a horrible move. I reached out my arm for his and as soon as his hand grabbed mine, I slammed him down onto the ground. I was on him, in a flash, my hands around his neck. I saw the surprise come and go on his face, before being replaced with anger. He grabbed my wrist and pried my hand away from his neck. He tossed me off him and onto the ground, but I moved before he could get to me. We circled around each other until I finally swung and landed my fist right on his jaw. He looked at me and before I knew what he was, doing his leg swung out and knocked me to the ground. He was on top of me then holding my arms down. I tried to move, but I couldn’t budge him off me. Finally, he let go of my arms and got off me. He reached his hand down, and I placed mine in his. He pulled me up, and I dusted off my backside. 
“Morgan, my love, I know that you had more left in you,” Daniel said from behind me. I had a feeling that he wanted me to fight until I took Luke down, but I would never do that. To me this was a friendly round; something that would help me sharpen my skills.
“Yes, I did, but this wasn’t that kind of fight, Daniel.”
I didn’t like the way that he had pinned me against Luke, in hopes that I would hurt him or whatever. 
“Your right… We’ll have plenty of that when we finally get to go into battle.” I didn’t have time to answer him, because at that moment, the sky above us grew dark and lightning shot down. The wind began whipping around us fiercely, and I looked over at Daniel.
“What is going on?” I asked him. 
“I have no idea, but this doesn’t look too good. I can’t find my connection with Kevin, can you,” he asked looking at me concerned. I closed my eyes and searched for Kevin’s mind signal. There was nothing there, and I couldn’t even find Daniel’s.
“You’re hiding your thoughts from me, my love,” I said. He looked at Luke and then back at me.
“You need to go inside and find Mom and Bailey. Tell them to go to the safe room as quick as possible.” I looked at him like he was crazy, but the look in his eyes told me that he was dead serious.
“Go now, Morgan, get them to safety,” he screamed out. Without further hesitation, I ran as quickly as I could. Once inside the house, I ran to the kitchen where Mary and Bailey were in the middle of decorating cupcakes. Bailey looked up at me; pink icing spread across her mouth. 
“You’re just in time to help us, Mommy,” she said with her five-year-old innocence. My heart shattered into, and I knew that something bad was about to happen.  I ran over to them and looked at Mary.
“You have to go now. You and Bailey, need to go to the safe room and don’t come out until we come to get you,” I said, nearly breathlessly. She looked at me, and I could see the concern in her wide eyes. She didn’t hesitate though, and it was then that I knew that Bailey was in the best of hands. She scooped her out of the chair into her arms. I kissed my little girl goodbye and without another word, Mary ran out of the kitchen.
“Keep my girl safe; I love you more than the whole wide world,” I yelled out. 
“I love you, Mommy,” I heard her say before they were gone. After I knew they were gone, I turned and ran back outside.
The sky above me was fully dark now, I noticed as I ran to Daniel’s side. His arms were around me as soon as I reached him.
“This is it, my love. They have found a way to get to through to the island. Now, we fight like we have never fought before,” he whispered in my ear. The hair on the back of my neck stood up, and I suddenly felt sick. I knew that we could take care of ourselves, but I worried about Bailey. I hoped that the safe room would be enough to keep, her and Mary, guarded and away from the evil that tried to destroy us. Knowing that Bailey was in the arms of an angel and knowing Mary would protect her at all costs, comforted me, but I also knew that The Black Mass would do everything they could to destroy the ones I loved most.
I looked over at Daniel, who stood tall and ready, just like a Warrior would. I prayed that we all would make it through this, together….




Thank you so much for reading Morgan’s Destiny. I love to hear from my readers, so if you have any thoughts or comments feel free to email me at the link below. Thank you!
mailto:amynreeves@gmail.com
