NATIR
WHITEBRIDGE

Book III 
The Ninth Hour


By
James Starvoice
© 2020 James Starvoice
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior
written permission of the author. 
ISBN-13: 9798655714847
CONTENTS

Title
Contents
Acknowledgment
Chapter 01: The One in A Thousand 
Chapter 02: All The Colors of Hope 
Chapter 03: In The Den of The Gracile 
Chapter 04: Returned 
Chapter 05: Reparation 
Chapter 06: Abducted 
Chapter 07: The Four-sided Race I 
Chapter 08: The Four-sided Race II 
Chapter 09: Pursuers 
Chapter 10: Overcrowd 
Chapter 11: Stall 
Chapter 12: Dream 
Chapter 13: Kindness 
Chapter 14: News
Chapter 15: Unwelcome Reunion 
Chapter 16: Missing 
Chapter 17: Pact 
Chapter 18: Creep 
Chapter 19: Trapped 
Chapter 20: Trade 
Chapter 21: Macedonian 
Chapter 22: Fools 
Chapter 23: Race End 
Chapter 24: Fished 
Chapter 25: Enjoy 
Chapter 26: The Ninth Hour 
Chapter 27: Fracture 
Chapter 28: Words 
Chapter 29: Counselor 
Chapter 30: Servant of The Holy 
Chapter 31: Wussaguss 
Chapter 32: Unleashed 
Chapter 33: Rain 
Chapter 34: For A Handful of Dirt 
Chapter 35: Rule of The Night 
Thank You!
Coming Next


Acknowledgment


My gratitude to, 

 Susan Schader

whom her valiable help, talent & dedication has given 
this book its spirit

Special thanks to,

Mr. & Mrs. Klein
Christian Basaldua
Ivan Guerrero
Ekaterina Erzikova

Thank you for your continuous support 
You are truly wonderful


James Starvoice





Chapter 1

THE ONE IN A THOUSAND


It was a hail for chaos.
The blonde woman raised the stick high in the air, and the midget jumped up and down on his seat, shouting with thrill, “Red! Red! Red!”
The gamekeeper, shocked by what the blonde woman had done—and without warning—looked from her to the Dog-Cage. He had no choice. He reached for the bell and rang it like crazy.
The speed at which the next game was declared took everyone by surprise. Those out of their seats, waiting to place their wagers, became frantic, crying out and thrusting their pouches and stacks of coins at the overwhelmed shill takers. Coins of copper and bronze, and bars of gold and silver fell under the gamblers’ feet as the men cursed and pushed against one another, while others pushed the other way, hurrying back to their seats.
The dogs too were consumed by madness. Barking with malignant hunger, they bit and thrashed at the bars of their entrapping coops, athirst to rape the next victim’s flesh with their fangs.
The servants who manned the dogs’ coops were off their posts, talking to their friends, when they heard the midget’s cry. They rushed back to their places. The man in charge of the red dog’s coop was particularly in distress. When he heard the midget, his face registered disbelief and he took off running back to his post.
Natir gasped. Her eyes darted between the man and the red-painted coop next the gamerkeeper’s stand, for inside it was the dog with the red scarf. She realized instantly what the man was up to and her heart pounded with panic—The first dog was less than moments away from being unleashed at her.
Without a moment to spare, Natir took off.
Her target was much closer. She only needed to run a few steps before she threw herself, sideways, at the bars and thrust her arm out of the Dog-Cage towards the closest nude–maiden statue holding one of the firepits in its copper hands.
She needed that fire. She needed that ember. Even if it meant she would have to burn her hand trying to flip the pit over, she still had to get it, it was the only weapon in sight.
The attendees on the first level, just a few arm lengths overhead, leaned forward to see what Natir was doing. The tumult they made was magnificent. They threw trash at her. They shouted at her. They shouted for the guards. And some of them laughed.
The midget was hurriedly trying to fix the horn—the water-clock device—when the blonde woman suddenly slapped it off the table.
Shocked, the midget turned to her as the gamekeeper yelled, “What are you doing?” 
She said, water-calm, her gaze not parting the scene below for a moment, “I can count on my own just fine.”
Natir could almost touch the fire pit; she was only a couple of inches short. She looked over her shoulder and her heart skipped a beat. The man was almost at the red coop. She was out of time.
“Come on, come oonnn,” she groaned and strained her arm as far as she could, trying to reach the pit and flip it over. Her hand almost there, just one more inch, she could feel the heat burning her fingers.
“Hey!” A guard appeared out of nowhere, running towards Natir with a metal rod in his hand.
Spotting the rod he thrust toward her, Natir quickly drew her arm back, causing the guard to stumble, lose his balance and his aim. His strike hit nothing but air. Natir shot her arm through the bars again, aiming for the fire pit.
“Bitch!”
The guard quickly retaliated. Grunting with rage, he regained his balance in a flash, spun on his heels, and lashed out at Natir’s arm with the rod. But she was faster. She drew back her arm again, shrieking, and shot her leg at the guard through the bars, hoping to land a kick strong enough to knock him into the statue and flip the fire pit.
Her kick wasn’t high enough. It landed at his center, causing him to screech and bend over, holding his groin.
As she glanced back, Natir’s eyes filled with horror for  she saw the man reach the red coop, grab the gate, and pull it open wide.
Natir ran, racing with the wind for dear life, as the red-scarf dog bolted out of its coop and pursued her like lightning.
“One…” The blonde woman whispered, counting the moments before she picked the next stick.
A fat attendee laughed his heart out at the scene unfolding below. He grabbed the big bowl he had in front of him with both hands and spilled its contents of chicken stew all over the head of the guard—now down on his knees, suffering from the kick.
“Two…”
Natir’s attempt to flee was futile. There was nowhere to run. She had only run a few steps before, glancing over her shoulder, she saw that the dog was already halfway to her. There was no way she could outrun the beast.
Panicked, Natir leapt at the bars of the Dog-Cage, trying to climb up.
“Three…”
The bars were slippery, her first attempt to hold on and climb failed, but the moment her bare feet touched the sand, she let out a wild cry and leapt up again, this time holding on to the bars with both hands. With one leg stretched to the side, she stepped sideways to another bar, giving herself desperately needed extra leverage.
It worked, and like a mad woman she pulled herself up, scaling the cold bars with her hands and feet as fast she could.
“Four…”
Natir made it five feet high just as the red-scarf dog was on her. It jumped at her, its body grazing her foot, before it crashed against the cage below her. That brief contact made Natir shrike and climb even higher.
There was a young woman in the audience, on the first level, almost right in front of Natir. She was not a slave, just a servant with a long red hair twisted into curls at its ends. She wore a lavender tunic and held a tray with a bronze bowl on it.
Natir was drowning and more than willing to hold on to any straw she could grasp.
“Help me!” Natir shouted, reaching out her arm to the young woman, hoping for the bowl to use it as a weapon.
“Ten,” the blonde woman counted. She reached into the pot to pick a stick, which she held with both hands at her bosom—not yet revealing its color.
“Be my vanity,” she whispered, eyes closed, “my glory, and my delight. Punish my curser with your fang.”
The blonde kissed it in the palms of her hands, opened her eyes and, smiling, she raised the stick in the air.
“Violet! Violet! Violet!”
At the midget’s cry, another coop was opened, and the dog with the violet-scarf darted into the scene.
Startled, the young red-haired servant turned to face Natir, whom she hadn’t even noticed until Natir called out to her.
Both dogs were at Natir’s feet now, barking with madness and slamming onto the Dog-Cage as they leapt upward, trying to snatch Natir with their jaws as she struggled to maintain her footing.
Natir reached out her arm to the young woman again, but had to immediately drew it back and hold on to the bars so as not to fall. She adjusted her pose, hugged the bars with one arm, and reached as far as she could with the other. “Help”
Surprised at first, the young woman smirked and moved  her tray closer to Natir. Yet when Natir strained her arm an inch closer, the young woman quickly pulled the tray back before Natir could snatch the bowl.
Natir cried out with surprise. She grabbed onto the bars with both hands again, and sent the young woman a confused look.
Smiling sweetly at Natir, the young woman slowly rocked her lower half like she was dancing and played her fingers in the air, signaling Natir to come closer and get it. Then she narrowed her eyes and ran her finger across her neck in a cutthroat motion.
The men around the red-haired servant laughed. One of them pulled her onto his lap and plunged his hand under her neckline, groping her breasts as she yelped with joy.
Natir froze with hurt and disbelief. The dogs’ barking was deafening. When the cold, moist nose of one of the dogs bumped onto the bottom of her foot, Natir yelped and snapped out of it. 
She pulled her leg up and began, with much difficulty, to make her way higher, climbing sideways on the bars. One crowd member swung a long stick through the bars at her, trying to knock her down, but he could not reach her.
“Three… Four…”
Natir was tiring and it was getting harder to hold on.
A sheen of sweat coated her skin, and she struggled to maintain her hold on the slippery metal. She knew she wouldn’t last like this for much longer. With a great cry, she shot her arm upwards, giving it one last push, and finally managed to grab one of the horizontal bars that formed the top of the cage.
Groaning with effort, Natir pushed her arm out of the cage up to her elbow, and encircled the bar with her entire forearm for a better grip as her feet and other hand remained to the vertical bars, holding on for dear life. The awkward position caused her muscles to strain, but provided her a better grip and the chance to catch her breath.
“Six…”
A wooden cup struck her forehead, shot at Natir by someone in the crowd. She cried out in pain, shut her eyes and gulped air, trying to calm herself. But as laughter, jokes, curses and filth flooded her ears, tears began to gather in her eyes.
When she opened her eyes again, Natir saw a face, though blurry, that stood out among all the rest.
It was a young man sitting directly in front of her.
He was chubby, with puffy cheeks, short brown hair, and a cleanly shaved face. His clothes were plain. And kindness beamed through his deep hazel eyes.
He did not belong there. He was staring silently back at Natir and did not share the rest of the crowd’s anger or joy, for his face revealed only dismay.
He was the only one, in a thousand, who pitied her.
“Help me,” she called out, not realizing the depth of her emotional pain until she had already spoken the words. Her voice was heart-wrenching and barely made it out of her lips. Natir almost did not hear her own self. 
“Bring her down! Bring her down!”
“Someone give her a push!”
“Wait for Yellow! Yellow!”
“Just die already!”
The young man’s hand was at the pouch on his side, looking like he wanted to give her something, but he hesitated. His eyes darted left and right with worry.
She reached her hand out to him and pled brokenly, almost whispering, “Please.”
It was clear he wanted to help, yet he was too afraid to do so. The men around him all threw him cautionary looks.
“Ten…” the pink lips whispered.
The young man’s chest heaved in and out, he drew his hand away from his pouch, placing it on his knee instead.
It broke her heart…
In that single moment, Natir truly lost all hope…
Abandoned by the world, she slowly pulled her hand back, held on to the bars, and lowered her head with defeat.
A spit landed on her head, and a sorrowful sob broke clear on her lips.
The blonde woman again reached for the pot, chose a stick, held it next to her heart and closed her eyes, not yet revealing its color.
“Be my envy,” she whispered, “my malice, and my spite. Rip the vier who stole my light.”
She kissed the stick in the palms of her hands, opened her eyes, and raised it in the air.
“Green! Green! Green!”
The crowd jumped to their feet once more, hailing thunderously as the dog with the green scarf was unleashed from its coop.
The young man, who remained seated, looked around and took advantage of the frenzy. He swiftly removed something from his pouch, put it in front of him on the rail, and then stood. As he began to push his way through the crowd, he stole a look back at Natir.
Natir’s eyes darted with disbelief between the young man’s back and what he had left on the rail, just within her arm’s reach.
“Hey! HEY YOU!” One man shouted as he stopped the young man by the shoulder, “What did you do? What were you trying to give her?”
“Nothing, I—”
“I SAW YOU.”
Panicked, Natir had to act quickly. Her arm shot out like lightning to retrieve what he had left her.
The one who had stopped the young man now attempted to grab it as well, but Natir’s hand was there first. Their hands touched, but she snatched it up before he could.
“HEY!” The man lunged at Natir, hoping to steal the item back.
Natir suddenly lost her grip, her foot slipped, and she let out a horrified shriek. She ended up hanging onto the bars with just one hand, dangling dangerously, trying desperately to land her foot back onto one of the vertical bars as the viewers’ shouts commanded her to fall.
The man, who’d missed grabbing Natir, turned back to the young man instead and punched him in the face, knocking him out of sight. “Son of a bitch!”
“Let go, slut, let go!”
“You’re dinner!”
“Hang on, wait for yellow!”
“Your hand is slipping, it’s slipping. You hear me, you whore? You’re leaving this world through a dog’s anus. That’s what you deserve, that’s what you deserve!”
“It’s over, she’s falling, she’s falling!”
Scrambling in the air, Natir managed to land her foot on one of the bars several times but, with both her hands now occupied, she failed to regain the good footage she had before.
As the three dogs below leapt up at her, bumping against each other as they lunged and snarled, Natir made a desperate, quick decision. She pushed with her leg against the vertical bar as hard as she could, aiming to swing close enough to grab the top bars with her other hand.
Though her push lacked strength and her foot slipped halfway through her motion, she managed to push both arms out to the elbows. Left dangling in the air with both arms around the top bars, she squirmed nonstop and kicked her legs up until she managed to wrap them around the bars.
More and more angry, impatient voices rose among the crowd, calling for Natir to be brought down.
The blonde woman reached for the pot and picked her fourth stick. She held it close and whispered her wish before kissing it, only this time she closed her fist firmly over the colored end, and did not reveal what it was.
Her companions were confused. 
“Declare it,” the gamekeeper demanded.
“What’s the color?” the midget asked.
“What are you doing? Declare it.”
The blonde woman ignored them and kept her eyes on Natir. Her lips were barely moving as she silently counted the moments for the next pick.
Natir gasped for air. Catching her breath, she struggled to unfold the item the young man left her while maintaining her hold on the bars.
She had no clue what it was; she hoped for a knife. She hoped for an axe. A weapon. Anything she could use to fight back. But it didn’t feel like there was anything solid in her hand at all.
Shocked, Natir realized it was a net! A small four-foot-wide square net, the kind used to set small traps at riverbanks.
She turned her face to the three dogs below, whose barking had become so frenzied it kept her on edge. Suddenly, a loud clang stole her attention. She glanced to the side, and her eyes widened with terror.
Two guards had climbed the side of the Dog-Cage without Natir noticing. One of them, a fat guard, was having a hard time pulling himself up while the other—whom Natir recognized as the guard she had kicked earlier—was already on top of the cage.
He slowly approached her one step at a time, struggling to maintain his balance on the bars. And in one hand, he brandished the metal rod with which he intended to bring Natir down.
Chapter 2

ALL THE COLORS OF HOPE


The gamekeeper had had enough. He jumped to his feet and shouted at the blonde woman, “What’s gotten into you? Declare it now!”
She still ignored him as she picked her fifth stick, which she held to her chest, whispered her words to, and refused to reveal its color.
He took a step towards her and raged, “Did you not hear me?”
“YOU STAY OUT OF THIS!” the blonde woman fumed. She had revolted so violently when he touched her shoulder that it made him jump a step back.
The midget held his silence and cowered down like a pebble between two boulders, as the two powerful figures feuded with one another.
“I HAVE A GAME TO RUN!” the Gamekeeper shouted. “Do you know how many will come out against the result? We’ll have an uproar on our hands.”
“See what I care,” she said, unmoved by his panic.
She then turned wholly towards Natir and mellowed out her words softly, as if speaking to no one but herself. “Let fear nourish her heart until it mashes to a pulp, softer even than the descending snow. And when it’s time to pick, with the falling tears of regret, so will the ripened fruit fall into the palm of my hand.”
The Gamekeeper, now out of his mind, yelled again. “What are you talking about? You think this is funny? The game will be ruined! You, you are overstepping your place!”
In a flash, the blonde woman turned on her heel and slapped him across the face.
“My place…?” she hissed with fiendish rage. She was so enraged that her hand trembled and she could barely form words on her tongue. “I am the light to the stars. I, am the glory, the dream, and the wonder. I am everything that is good in this world. I am perfect! The praise is my dress, and the poems are my home. And you shall yield to MY WILL.”
The Gamekeeper stared at her with shock and insult as she turned her back on him. He yelled, “You’ve lost it! You’re drunk! If this game is ruined, it will be on you. You hear me? It will all be on you!”
She ignored him and reached for the sixth stick.

*   *   *

Natir turned her face between the guards coming her way and the dogs below.
“I’ve got you now, bitch.” The guard hissed with malice, shaking the metal rod in his hand, eager to pay her back. “You just wait right there. I’ve got you right where I want you.”
Natir was at the end of her rope. Her body grew weary. The weapon she desperately begged for turned out useless, and now it was only a matter of time before the guard sent her down to the dogs with the bones in her forearms broken to pieces.
She could not stay where she was. Her priority was to get away from the guards first and foremost, but she would not be able to do that with her arms as tired as they were and one fist occupied with the fishing net. She had to lose it in order to free herself to move.
Slow and carefully, Natir adjusted her pose and took a deep breath to prepare herself. Then, holding on tight with one hand and hanging onto a horizontal bar with her legs, she sent herself squirming into the air, aimed as best she could at the dogs, and threw the net down at them with a loud groan.
She had hoped to get all three dogs with it, but the net fell off its target and caught the claw of just one of the dogs—the one with the violet scarf.
The dog was distracted and leapt sideways, biting at the net and thrashing at it with its claws to shake it off. But the more it struggled, the more of its body was caught in the net until it was soon completely enwrapped by it, incapacitated over the sand, unable to free itself or do a thing but kick with its rear legs.
When the guard tried to strike Natir’s fingers with the metal rod, he ended up hitting nothing but metal because she had quickly let go of the bar and grasped another. But with such an uneven grip, she was at greater risk of falling off. Natir could only maintain her new pose for a moment before putting her hand back on the same bar. 
A moment later, she screamed as the guard swung the rod at her again. She withdrew her hand again and swung her other to another bar only to see, out of the corner of her eye, the guard taking aim at her lower legs—still wrapped around the bar.
Great angst burst within her chest and her flesh was overtaken by an upsurge of aggressiveness. She did not think. Her body acted on instinct. Natir sent her hand thrusting through the cage before he could swing and break her legs, and grabbed the guard by his sleeve.
The guard was taken by surprise, and before he knew it Natir had wrapped both her hands around his arm—the one with the metal rod—and pulled him down towards her, while her legs remained firmly wrapped around the bars.
“Bitch, let go!”
“NEVER!”
Now off balance, the guard swayed and fell to his knees, which rammed the metal with a loud thud. In agony, and unable to free his arm, he turned his face to the fat guard—who had remained where he was at the edge of the Dog-Cage to watch his friend do all the work—and shouted, “Get over here, stupid!”
He yelped right after as Natir let out a wild groan and pulled him down harder, forcing him to hold onto a bar with his free hand to keep from falling flat against the cage, as the fat guard struggled to his feet.
It was a mess.
Natir and the guard were face to face, separated by nothing but the cage, both struggling, groaning, and yelling incomprehensible curses and half-words at each other as the raving attendees showered them with insults, laughter, shouts and litter.
The guard suddenly lost balance, Natir immediately seized the chance: Holding onto his arm with one hand, she attempted to steal the metal rod from between his fingers with her other. But he was too strong, his hold on the weapon unshakeable, while Natir, who was worn out, had to use all her weight and strength just to keep him pinned down like that.
“Ten…” The blonde woman picked the last stick, the four of them in her hand waiting to be revealed.
The midget kept turning his face with worry between the sticks and the blonde woman. She looked down at him and winked, “Wait for it.”
Squirming, the guard finally found a pose that gave him enough balance to fight back at Natir.
“Just...fall...DOWN!” he shouted as he put all his force into his motion, pulled his arm up—with Natir still holding on to it—and rammed her body into the bars below him.
“DOWN!” He did it again, causing Natir to cry out with agony.
A wave of rage ran through her. Natir abandoned her attempt to snatch the metal rod and shot her hand at him instead. She grabbed him by his hair and, with a mad cry, pulled his head down, ramming his face against the cage.
They were both so consumed by rage that neither were thinking straight anymore. Natir pulled on his hair hard, truly intending to rip a piece of his scalp off with her bare hand. He suddenly dropped himself flat against the cage, pulling himself down enough to thrash at her with his other hand, trying to reach her face.
Attempting to evade his hand, Natir ended up tilted hard down. Her legs were still wrapped over the bars, but she had to let go of his hair and hold on to his arm—the one with the metal rod—with both her hands again so as not to fall off.
His hand landed on her face. Not knowing what he intended to do or grab, Natir could only keep turning her head to keep his fingers from poking her eyes.
When his hand neared her mouth, she echoed a vicious growl and bit his hand.
The guard screamed and pulled his hand out of the Dog-Cage, only to see Natir bite at his other arm, stabbing his flesh with her teeth and mincing at it like an animal, as if she intended to rip off a piece of him in her mouth.
He howled with pain, punched and thrust down at her, in agony, but refusing to let go of his weapon, while Natir bit even harder and blindly kicked up at him with one leg.
His fingers finally loosened.
Screaming with hatred, Natir grabbed the metal rod before it fell and, without thinking, she repeatedly hammered his head with the metal rod until he lay unconscious over the cage, bleeding all over her face.
“Whore!”
The fat guard had finally gotten close enough to take action, and bashed Natir’s waist with a long stick he had brought with him. Natir screamed with pain as she was struck so hard it almost sent her down.
Quickly, he thrust the stick down at her again as if it were a spear, this time aiming for her head.
The stick went right past Natir’s face, touching her ear. She had barely evaded the thrust that could have split her skull open.
As she turned her face between him and the dogs below, she saw that he was about to send the stick at her again. She screamed and let go her hands, aiming to land on one of the dogs to break her fall.

*   *   *

One dog darted to the side while the one with the green scarf suffered the entirety of Natir’s fall. Their bodies lay on the sand, dangerously close.
The dog with the green scarf immediately got up in a swift, animalistic reaction, barking and aiming at Natir’s exposed neck with its jaw. Natir—as exhausted as a battered animal and with sand in her eyes—had rolled to her side just as fast in an attempt to get to her knees. She blindly bashed at the air with the metal rod, hoping to land a hit, hoping to scare it off and keep the animal at bay.
Her voice echoed with savage pain.
The two dogs had ganged up on her from both sides.
Natir struck the front leg of the dog with the green scarf before its jaw could close in on her throat. The dog jumped in the air yelping with pain, slammed into her face, and crashed onto the sand, ten feet away, its front leg broken. But Natir did not see the dog with the red scarf coming at her until it was already biting her left hand, which she had wrapped with her skirt earlier. Its fangs easily cut through the fabric and into her flesh.
The pain Natir experienced was so severe, she screamed her soul out. Her heart throbbed with anguish and her eyes embraced nothing but savagery.
Ferocious grunts filled her ears, claws thrashed at her flesh, fangs mauled in her arm, and a blood-tainted jaw tried to rip a piece of her with beastly savagery. The animal threatened to send Natir down on her back as it pressed forward with all its madness, trying to get atop her for the kill.

*   *   *

Almost as soon as Natir’s body hit the ground, the blonde woman’s hand rose in the air, revealing all four remaining colors at once, and the midget shouted with all his voice, “Let them all out! Let them all out!”

*   *   *

It all happened at once.
Her mind went blank. She was maddened with pain.
In one decisive moment, Natir summoned all the might she had left and pushed back against the beast, trying to stand, trying to tower over it and gain the upper hand, but she could barely bring herself up to one knee. She threw her arm in the air and like a mad woman she screamed, “BITE THIS!” and thrust the metal rod atop its head with all her might.
So powerful was her strike, you could hear the animal’s skull break in half. One of the dog’s eyes shot out of its socket from the force of the impact, and the animal dropped like a rock over the sand, blood shooting from its open jaws.
Immediately, the midget’s ominous cry touched her ear, “Let them all out! Let them all out!”
On her knees and one arm, Natir didn’t have a chance to drag a breath for the cry to release the rest of the dogs caused her eyes to widen with terror. Her gaze darted to the side where the servants who manned the dogs’ coops grabbed the gates and pulled.
The gamekeeper was on his feet when he saw the red dog fall dead. His eyes darted across the hall with anxiety, “That’s it!” he shouted, “I’m calling the game off!”
He grabbed the bell and rang it furiously.
 “No!” The blonde woman reached for but failed to take the bell from his hand in time.
Both the orders—to release the dogs and to end the game—happened simultaneously. It was a world of chaos.
Natir’s wild, hysterical scream echoed across the hall as she threw the metal rod at the nearest servant. The rod didn’t go through the bars of the cage, but hit them and fell to the side, causing the servant to throw his arms up and cover his face in panic before he could open the gates—delaying the release of the dog held there for but a moment of time.
Natir immediately darted forth, running as fast as she could.
As if in slow motion, three of the four gates were pulled wide open at Natir’s first step. Just a heartbeat later, so too was the fourth gate, sending all four remaining dogs bolting out of their coops, on her trail.
With her hands still entangled with the gamekeeper’s—trying to take the bell from him—the blonde woman spotted Natir out of the corner of her eye, running towards her.
She gasped, immediately understanding what Natir was about to do. The blonde woman quickly pushed her companions out of her way and yelled at the servant below.
“CLOSE THE GATE! CLOSE IT!”
Natir screamed as she ran like a beast, chased by beasts. She raced towards the red coop with the four murderous dogs right behind her, filling the air with their vicious barks.
The servant, befuddled by the blonde woman’s order, grabbed the gate of the red dog’s coop in a hurry, intending to close it. But just before he could do so, Natir threw herself into it.
Her knee slammed onto the metal as she darted into tight space and crashed against its bars.
Crying with pain, Natir did not have a moment to spare. She quickly dropped on her side and grabbed the gate to slide it shut while the servant—who had only just now figured out what was going on—was trying to keep it open.
They both groaned, struggling against one another and pulling the gate in opposite directions, with Natir’s cry so horrendous she sounded more like a wild animal than a woman.
Their struggle was short-lived. She overpowered the servant in a heartbeat and pulled the gate shut. It closed over the servant’s fingers, breaking them in half, leaving shattered bone sticking out of the flesh as his screams filled the air.
The dogs were instantly there, crashing against the closed coop’s gate, barking and shooting their claws and jaws at the bars as Natir kicked the sand with her legs, pushing her battered body to the opposite end of the small space, gasping for air, her chest ready to explode.
The hall was a deafening rucks.
The crowd booed. The shouts rose. The bell rang. The servant’s screams of pain went wild, and the animals’ noise filled the air. Yet, somehow, Natir could hear but a single sound towering above it all, as if it was the only sound in the hall: a woman’s laughter.
She looked up, wiped the blood off her face, and saw the blonde woman step forth to the edge of the stage, laughing her heart out as if she had gone mad. 
The blonde reached out with both her hands, holding the seven sticks, and let them fall—the brilliance of their colors illuminated by the flickering firelight—into the coop, and all over Natir.
Chapter 3

In the Den of the Gracile


[ The Hour of Night ]
Dressed in a pure white tunic, the slave—a handsome boy of ten—had been standing quietly in a corner of the room for quite some time, trying to shift his weight from one leg to the other without his fidgeting being noticed.
He stole looks at his master, hoping for an order, a word, a motion, anything to end his torturous, prolonged wait…
The room was vast yet humble.
The only furniture between its polished wooden walls was a great table loaded with leather scrolls. A smaller side table, with a hollow pedestal sculpted to look like interlocking vines, stood near the wall and held cups and a silver wine jug. Only three chairs were in the room, and the most distinctive—a curule seat of dark brown wood inlaid with silver joints—sat in the center of a bearskin rug before the fireplace.
The silence was intimidating, and even more frightening was the man occupying that curule seat a few steps from the boy, elbows wedged to the rails and hands joined together before his face.
He had been sitting perfectly motionless, staring at the fire, his blue eyes lost in the void for so long it was almost unnatural.
He was a shadowy man who commanded a throne surrounded by a sphere of secrecy, and his image was fogged by so many unpleasant rumors it was no longer clear where truth began and fantasies ended. Gossip intruded on every corner of his life, from his birth, to his bed, to his rise to power; and it did not help that his face wore an artful expression that made it hard even for his closest supporters to trust him.
Such was the reputation of the lord of the Throne of Wenclas, the man whom many knew as Gumarich the Gracile.
It was an epithet he ferociously resented, but the parody behind the name had made it popular among his people who often referred to him as such—from behind his back.
His build was disappointing to the women of his time. His body was slim with a slight curviness, much like a woman’s, and boosted no sign of physical strength. His cheeks were soundly shaved, his black hair was kept pea-short and, despite being only in his forties, he had experienced significant hair loss at his temples.
The boy raised one foot slightly off the ground to ease his pain. He lowered it a little too fast and his heel tapped against the floor.
The little noise interrupted Gumarich’s thoughts, and his eyes darted to the side, causing the boy to freeze with terror.
Gumarich slowly lowered his hands and turned toward the slave. Before he could speak, his attention drifted to the open door through which the sound of approaching footsteps grew stronger.
“My lord, Gumarich,” said an older man as he stepped through the doorway. A report written on a piece of leather in hand, he approached Gumarich. “My informant ascertained the subject,” he added.
The old man, Juovan, who commanded the town’s garrison, was clearly a foreigner: a man from the southeast, with a long, straight nose and Greek features. He was thin and, at almost six-feet-tall, surprisingly towering for his age. His withered body was a silent testament to a lifetime spent as a career militant.
He wore a bronze cuirass, fashioned to look like musculature, over a white tunic with a blue pattern on its edges. A large bald spot marked the top of his head, and the hair around it was untidy and as white as snow.  The wrinkled skin of his face, thick, white caterpillar-like eyebrows, and narrow eyes gave him a permanently angry look. 
Gumarich looked up at his commander briefly before he accepted the report with little enthusiasm and read it.
“The mystery Dacian woman?” Gumarich asked.
“She’s no Dacian, just as we suspected,” Juovan replied.
“Useless…” Gumarich dropped the report, rested his cheek on his fist and stared at the fire again, “This doesn’t tell me the one thing I need to know, Juovan.”
Juovan frowned. “When she arrived in Wenclas?”
“Yes.”
Juovan shook his head and moved toward the side table. The boy, seeing a chance to escape his torment, raced to the table, took the wine jug and filled a cup for the commander.
Juovan eyed the boy uncomfortably and said, “The next time, start by serving the higher up first. Understood?”
The intimidated boy nodded in response, and Juovan motioned with his head for the boy to serve their lord as well. Only after the boy had served Grumarich did Juovan drink from his cup, his eyes over its rim, watching his lord.
Many of Gumarich’s habits were unusual, perhaps none more so than his preferred garment, which was colorful, made of fine, thin fabric, and often had a wide opening that left much of his chest exposed—revealing the golden chain and rings attached to his nipples. The topic of most of his subjects’ daily whispers, the garment was scorned by the rest of Boii who considered it more suitable for a woman than a man. His loyalists, however, brushed off the insinuation and attributed it to Gumarich’s upbringing with southern princes.
Juovan wasn’t sure if he bought that excuse, or if he was simply too old to care for such things anymore. But it was his lord’s other habit he would never be able to abide: Gumarich’s stubborn numinous belief.
It just didn’t sit right with Juovan’s militant upbringing, for he viewed it as the cause of hesitation when decisiveness was needed.
He cleared his throat. “The delay is unnecessary.”
Gumarich responded, “Find out for me.”
“You are placing too much faith in the Mystic’s word. It’s vague, at best. And hasn’t the spirit-man already interpreted the Mystic’s dream was about Lord Valdes’s army?”
“Find out for me, Juovan,” Gumarich repeated. “Only then will we make our move.”
Juovan approached him. “Time is of essence here. She could decide to leave at any time… My lord, Gumarich, she’s only a woman. Let me handle this, you don’t need to be involved. I will question her myself and take utmost care that she’s—”
“You will do no such thing,” Gumarich interrupted coldly. “On the slim chance the wolf in chains is a woman, unless you can prove to me that the Dacian woman was here before the Mystic had the dream, then neither she nor any outsider shall be harmed within my walls.”
“Our actions cannot be hindered by the meaningless dreams of a delusional child… My lord?”
“I will take no chances. I’ve decided to take the Mystic’s warning. That is all, Juovan.”
He exhaled and gave in, “As you command, my lord.”
A servant appeared at the door, and Juovan motioned him in. The servant approached Juovan, handed him another message written on leather and left.
“Something worth my attention?” Gumarich asked as Juovan read.
“It’s the earl of the Toic,” Juovan said.
Gumarich joined his hands behind his head and stared at the ceiling. “The Toic…? His name is Alfred, if I remember correctly.”
“We’ve met him before. He doesn’t come by these parts very often.”
“I remember. What’s this about?”
“He seeks immediate audience on an urgent matter.”
“At such an hour…?” Gumarich threw a look at Juovan. “Strange, don’t you think?”
“Not really,” Juovan said. “They arrived here at sunset, and I imagine he is in a hurry to depart after Valdes. So, if he has some business that needs to be taken care of, it would make sense to try to get it done with as soon as possible… But, it’s a very short notice, and I see nothing to warrant special treatment. Answering it might give the wrong impression.”
Gumarich thought about it for a moment. “No,” he said, “I’ll answer.”
“It might be wiser not to. These people are not to be treated with leniency for they will only expect more. Our message should be clear: the Lord of Wenclas is not someone to be sought at a whim.”
“True…” Gumarich said, and moved to the table. He unfolded a large scroll with a map drawn on it. “But it’s also true that he controls a very important segment of the road west. We need to keep the likes of him pacified.”
Gumarich turned to Juovan. “I’ll see what he wants, but make him wait a little while longer. That should affirm the boundaries between us without pushing it too far.”
“As my lord sees fit,” Juovan said with a nod. 
Gumarich rolled up the scroll and returned to his seat. “I don’t need to remind you that the Mystic’s vision and my order regarding outsiders’ treatment are to remain undisclosed. We cannot afford to let them think they have a leverage over any business negotiations, no matter how trivial it may be.”
“Of course not.”
“Have the earl of the Toic meet me at the grand hall of the lower level,” he added as he assumed his seat, “after you fill the hall with what he and his men like.”
“The usual? Wine, women and music?”
“Wine… women… and music.” Gumarich echoed. “And plenty of meat,” he added with his hands joined together and his eyes to the fire. “After all, patient dogs do deserve a treat.”

*   *   *

Still waiting and seated at a table in the hospitality house, Bertwin saw his man approaching and asked eagerly, “What news?”
“We made contact with a very reliable friend,” the man said with secrecy. “He’s looking into the matter as we speak.”
Bertwin slammed his palm to the table and raged, “Unacceptable!”
A few faces turned towards them. Bertwin glanced around, uncomfortable at the lack of privacy, before turning back to his man to hiss, “You came back just to tell me this? I expect results, and quick.”
“Relax. Our friend has this town wrapped around his little finger.”
“If you fail…”
“That will never happen,” he assured Bertwin. “His men are spread across town like the roots of a tree. Nothing that happens within these walls goes over his head, and we made sure he’s aware of how important this matter is to you. Trust me, he will find the woman you’re after and bring her to you as good as she can be.”
Bertwin groaned as he leaned back in his seat, looking far from content. “Make sure this friend of yours takes this to heart. I want this Natir found regardless of the price.”
“Already done, sir. There is, however, a news you must hear, about a small problem in our way.”
“What?”
“Alfred. He headed straight to Gumarich. Our friend already received sure word about it.”
“Did he now?” Bertwin hummed and looked away, mulling over this news.
His man leaned close to his ear and warned, “If Gumarich became involved, it would gravely confine our friend’s capacity. He will not risk crossing blades with the Gracile at any cost, and there are limits to how far he can push the game. I thought you should know.”
“Yes, I hear you,” Bertwin said, eyes narrowed. “And I don’t know if I should feel delighted or angered at this news.”
“Delighted?”
“Of course. I had some doubt at first, but you’ve just ascertained my intuition about the woman’s worth to Alfred. Right now, her value to me equals Valdes’s good face and all the blades of the Toic combined. And she’s out there somewhere, under the perfect circumstances and up for grabbing… I’ll be cursed if I let this chance slip from between my fingers. As for Alfred, he could not have possibly made a more decisive move.”
“And he probably has a good idea of her whereabouts and what had happened. We, on the other hand, suffer a very short notice and don’t even know what she looks like.”
Bertwin nodded, then turned to his man and commanded, “Work fast, bring her to me, and if the Gracile becomes involved before it’s done, don’t let hesitation get in your way. Do whatever it takes. In the meantime…” He rose, hand on the table for support, and signaled another of his men who handed Bertwin a cane. “I will take a small precaution.”
“Where to?” 
“The Gracile is not a man to be underestimated. If he and Alfred manage to get their hands on her before we do, I must be there with them to salvage what credit I can.”
Bertwin headed towards the door, dragging his numb leg and tapping his cane loudly against the wooden floor with every step. “At worst, I can still ensure we don’t come out of this empty-handed.”
Chapter 4

Returned


The hall was still in chaos and the bluster of angry attendees filled the air. Small scuffles between gamblers erupted at every level of the Dog-Cage’s amphitheater, and even more engaged in wrangles with shill takers to protest the games’ result.
Though it was hard enough for anyone to clearly hear the person standing next to them, three guards still thought they had recognized a feminine cry for help.  They moved to one of the entrances to the Dog-Cage hall and stared with uncertainty into the descending, badly-illuminated corridor down which Natir was led not long ago.
They heard it again—the sound of Natir’s horrific scream echoing off the walls. She had given such a sharp cry of pain it sounded like someone had been stabbed in the belly, prompting the guards to hurry down the corridor, not seeing a thing in their way.
“What happened?” one of them shouted, on the run.
A fourth guard—standing watch in front of the room where the dead bodies were kept—quickly intercepted them. “Stay back, stay back!”
“Who’s screaming?” another inquired, panting for air.
The fourth guard barked, “I said stay back, don’t interfere, they’re just getting even.”
At another even louder yell, the three guards moved on instinct, overtaken by the heat of the moment.
“The fuck is going on in there?”
“Open the door!”
They pushed past their fellow guard and hammered the shut door with their fists and shoulders, trying to get in.
“Who’s in there?” one of them demanded.
The fourth guard, still trying to stop them, engaged in a messy struggle with his friends. He grabbed the clothes of one and tried to hold him back. “It’s none of your business!”
“Hey! Open the door!”
Inside the room, the guard—whom Natir had kicked in the groin and later engaged with again at the Dog-Cage—dropped the piece of rope he was whipping her with and slammed his open hand against the side of her face. It hit Natir like a thunderbolt and knocked her back so hard she slammed against the wall, then bounced forward.
Hands tied behind her, all she could do was cry out in misery and pain, unable to even clutch her stinging face.
He swiftly gifted her face with yet another slap, knocking Natir back against the wall, and causing the side of her head to thump against the bricks. Then he bashed his fist into her belly, shouting with true rage, “Fuckin’ whore! I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you!”
The punch stole the ground out from under her feet and sent the air whooshing from her lungs.
Natir fell down among the dead, knocked over onto her side, her hip and side slamming heavily into the floor, coughing as violently as if she were about to puke up her own insides.
Cursing aloud, the guard repeatedly stomped on her right thigh—the very same leg Natir hurt earlier when she dashed into the red coop. Her skin was covered with bruises all over from his brutal whipping, her flesh battered to the point she could have fainted from the pain, but the strong foul odor of meat and filth, emitting from the gathered piles of bodies and guts ripped open, filled her nose. Nausea prompted Natir to kick her legs onto the floor and cower back against the wall to escape the vile stench.
His foot again lashed out at her, kicking her hard in the ribs. She howled and rolled aimlessly over the floor as tears trickled down her cheeks. The whimpers of fear and pain never parted her mouth as he continued to kick her in the belly, then in the hip, then onto her back, cursing her nonstop.
The guard then gripped her hair and dragged Natir upwards, to her knees, grabbed her neck with his big hand and began to brutally squeeze.
“Filth! Filth! I’m killing you. You hear me, you cheap piece of meat? I’m killing you!”
Natir squirmed weakly from side to side, choking and struggling to breathe as he tightened his fingers around her throat, strangling her.
He suddenly dropped on top of her, his knee driving into her belly and his left hand pulling her hair, forcing her face towards him, until the pain was so intense she would have screamed her soul out, if she could have breathed.
He was saying something. She could not hear what it was. Her face turned blue. Tears of pain slicked her cheeks and her vision began to blur from lack of air. Her heart hammered in her chest so loudly she heard nothing else.
With a violent crash, the door splintered and the three guards rushed in, filling the room with their cries and forcing their friend off Natir.
She fell on her side, gasping for air like a fish out of water, her mind no longer able to comprehend what was happening around her. Yet her eyes focused on the open door, prompting her instinct to survive to kick in.
As the guards were busy holding back their crazed friend, Natir tried to get to her feet and run, but her bruised legs were unable to hold her weight. She collapsed facedown onto the floor halfway through her attempt to stand.
Her chest heaved as she gulped in great lungfuls of air, then she suddenly let out such a deafening cry and lunged forward, bolting towards the door with all the strength she had left.
One of the three guards spun around and tried to grab Natir before she could get away, but he wasn’t fast enough. He fell forward, embracing nothing but the ground, as Natir scurried past him, only to be intercepted by the other guard still standing outside.
His attempt to grab her caused Natir to trip as soon as she crossed the doorway. She went flying, tumbling head over heels into the corridor, and crashed against the wall. She still tried to get up but her foot buckled beneath her and she again collapsed to the floor in a heap.
Natir lay on her belly, battered like a rag doll, hands still tied behind her back, unable to summon the strength to get up.
She glanced up to see the guard standing over her, making sure she was not going anywhere. He slowly shook his head from side to side, silently telling her not to try anything stupid.
She dropped her head, her cheek pressing against the uneven pavement coated with victims’ dried blood, her body writhing over the cold stones, panting with exertion.
The guard turned his face to the room and yelled at his friends who were still fighting inside, “That’s enough!” They didn’t seem to hear him. He raised his voice, “I said, that’s enough! She’s had enough, okay?”
“I WANT HER DEAD. DEAD!” his friend yelled, not giving up on his desired revenge.
Another shouted, “And who’s going to pay her price, you? You can afford a slave?”
“Stop this nonsense.”
One of the three guards, who had attempted to stop Natir, came out of the room. The man watching over Natir instructed him with rage in his voice, “Close that door. Let him have some time to calm down.”
The guard shut the door on the other three and approached Natir and the other guard to ask, “What do we do with her?” 
Looking down at Natir, gasping for air beneath him, he answered, “How should I know.”

*   *   *

Alediya paced back and forth in front of the door of Hallstein’s room, rubbing her hands together, looking as anxious as an old woman can be.
One of the two female servants stood nearby, holding an oil lamp in her hand, watching Alediya with concern.
They both heard a noise down the corridor. The two women turned their full attention towards the visitor Alediya had summoned as he made his way towards them, accompanied by the other female servant.
He was an old man of small stature. His back was slightly hunched, his gray beard untidy. He had a raw branch in one hand, which he used for a cane, and he wore the skin of an elk over his shoulders and an elk’s skull over his head.
“Spirit-man,” Alediya called.
He responded, a hint of mockery in his tone, “Pardon the delay, Lady Alediya. My feet are not as swift as they used to be, and the guards at your door were, skeptical at the least.” He stopped in front of her and rested both palms atop his cane. “But then again, they’re not to be blamed, are they? I, for one, can’t remember the last time you asked to see me. Much less at such an hour.”
“It’s an emergency,” said one servant, unable to hold her tongue, or hide the panic in her voice. “Lady Hallstein is—”
“Be quiet.” Alediya scolded her.
The spirit-man intoned, “Oh! It’s about Hallstein, no less? This is getting more interesting. And what, exactly, does Hallstein want from crazy old me?”
Alediya turned her face to him and said with all the composure she could summon, “Hallstein is not feeling well. Her health has deteriorated, and we need your help.”
The two servants stared at Alediya with disbelief.
He chuckled. “My help? What, can’t her visions show her a cure? Or did she not see this illness coming?”
Alediya glared at him and hissed, “This is no joking matter and it’s certainly no time for humor. Or don’t you have a duty to help those in need?”
“That I do. To Veles, not to the lot of you. But last I heard, people were saying she called me fraudulent. What were her words again? Oh yes, a spirit-man in appearance only, and a wretched scammer under the skin. Yet she asks for my help now? Oh, honor the gods, how quickly the tables have turned.”
“Are you done with childish mockery, or have I sent for the wrong person?”
He dropped the humor and said, looking at the door, “Let’s say that I’m willing to forgive and give a hand. Still, why me when Wenclas is not short of healers? Some newcomers are quite famous, I’ve heard.”
“Hallstein’s standing is a sensitive one,” Alediya said. “We cannot allow outsiders and loose-tongues to be involved, and…” She hesitated from finishing her sentence.
“And?”
Alediya inhaled deeply through her nose, then let the breath out. “And the nature of her illness might need more than a healing hand… She’s in a trance.”
“I see.”
“We need this taken care of quietly, and you can trust you will be well rewarded.”
The spirit-man smirked and brought out a leather stripe with bells attached to it. “We’ll talk about that later. Right now, let me see what I can do for poor Hallstein.”
He headed to the door. Alediya had just taken a step after him when he called out strongly, “You wait here.”
“I must be present to make sure she’s—”
“I said wait here,” he hissed. “Don’t you dare bother us, any of you… I will call for you when needed.”
Alediya grimaced and bit her lip as the spirit-man continued on his way, chanting and ringing his bells as he entered Hallstein’s room and shut the door behind him.
Surrounded by candlelight, Hallstein lay motionless on her bed, inhaling deeply and glaring at the spirit-man with almost inhuman eyes as he slowly approached, until he was standing next to her bed.
With a hoarse, long cry that sounded like the call of an animal, and the thuds of his cane repeatedly stabbing the floor, the spirit-man ended his loud show of chanting and bell ringing at last.
He set his tools aside, pulled up a chair and sat close to her. “Hello, Hallstein,” he said as he produced herbs and old pieces of raw wood from his pouch. 
She hissed at him with the same blood-curdling, unearthly tongue as before. “Begone.”
“What was that?” Her queer words stopped him for a moment. “Your tongue has gone numb, is that’s what you’re trying to tell me…?” He smirked and patted her head. “It’s all right. Everything will be all right. Don’t worry, I’m here to help you. Now relaaax. Let me see what’s wrong.”
He reached his hands out, intending to remove her clothes.
“Let’s see. Where does it hurt, hm? Is it here?” he slowly opened the thin sleeping dress at her center—exposing her smooth belly to the chill air—and pressed down with his fingers just under her navel. “Or here? No? Maybe a little bit higher? Why aren’t you saying anything? Can you talk…? Can you move…?”
His hand slowly hovered over Hallstein, reaching for her youthful breasts as he chuckled like a creep.
“Can you scream, Hallstein?”
All of a sudden, she let out a horrific groan and lurched at him as swift as a beast, clamping his throat in her hands.

*   *   *

The two men untied Natir’s hands and, holding her under her arms between them, dragged Natir back to the holding cells from which she came. 
The older guard—who was in charge of the holding cells—wasn’t there, but the other guard—who had tried to abuse Natir earlier—was, for he’d been left behind to clean up the place.
He stopped sweeping the floor with a broom and stared at them, totally confused. He had mistaken Natir for dead and was unable to figure out why would they be dragging a dead body back here.
He asked, “What are you two doing?”
“Are the holding cells open?” one man countered.
“Yes.”
“Good. Make way then.”
As they walked past the guard, he called out, “Hey! What game are you playing? You can’t bring that in here.”
“Yes, we can,” one of them said as he and his friend set Natir in an open cell. “This one is returned goods.”
“What?”
The other man snickered and continued his friend’s joke. “They didn’t like the hair color, so they’re returning her.”
“What?”
“Fuck, will you get the joke already? This one survived,” the first man snarled as he and his friend walked out of the cell, half-closing the door behind them.
The guard asked, unsure, “Survived what? The Dog-Cage?”
“What else, stupid?”
“She’s not dead?” He looked down at Natir, lying facedown on the floor, only now noticing the heaving of her chest with each strained breath.
He turned back to the other two, unsure what to do. “I don’t think… Is she supposed to be brought back here? Did this happen before?”
“How should I know? Ask the old man. If I knew what this job was like, I wouldn’t have agreed to be doing this in the first place.”
His friend added, “One of the dogs died, so the Gamekeeper called the game off.”
The two men then turned to leave. “Lock the cell.”
The guard yelped, “Wait! You can’t just leave her here. I’m supposed to lock up the place and leave.”
“Not our problem. You think I don’t want to go home too or what?”
The other man followed, “Unlike you, we’ve got plenty enough on our hands. But once the games are over, our job is to watch over the dead. The living are your problem.”
“Am I supposed to just leave her here unguarded?” he said, as his voice rose. “What do I do with her?”
“Figure it out, stupid.” 
“Start by locking up the cell.”
As the two men left, the guard threw his broom across the room, “Curses!”
He took the lock, intending to close the door with it, but then, standing at the door, he paused for a moment, watching Natir.
He stepped into the cell, rolled her over with his foot, and sneered down at her.
She lay motionless beneath his gaze, panting for air and staring back at him. Her strength was depleted and she could put up a fight no more, but her eyes remained defiant.
The guard kicked Natir’s legs apart, put his foot on her groin and slowly brought his weight down on her, rocking it from side to side, toying with her softest flesh under his shoe.
A little mewl escaped her lips, but she did nothing and did not move, though she continued to stare back at him. 
Natir saw him grab his belt and begin unfastening it. Her chest heaved harder as she breathed through her nose.
The smug grin on the guard’s face turned to a grimace as he realized the sight of her wasn’t all that appealing to him—not anymore. Natir’s face was marred with revulsion and exhaustion, and dried blood tainted her cheek. Her left arm was as yet wrapped by her skirt, with a big, wet stain of fresh blood visible on it, and her body looked filthy and covered with bruises.
Feeling disgusted, he spat at her face, “As if, whore.” He walked away, buckling his belt, “The floor is cleaner, and more decent.”
After he had locked the door and stepped out of her sight, Natir rolled tiredly onto her side.
Her body was a blazing ember of pain, but nothing hurt more than her bitten arm. She carefully unwrapped the skirt from over her forearm, and the vile sight she saw churned her stomach.
There were clear bite-marks, and a hole a quarter-of-an-inch wide in her forearm that looked as if a wedge had been pushed into her flesh. It surprised her how little it bled, but it still hurt like a nail to the bone, and trickled with a steady stream of blood.
She wrapped the old fabric back over her wound, clenched her teeth against the pain, and closed her eyes.
Chapter 5

Reparation


Alfred, flocked by Agatha and two of his men, was led to a hall where he was told Gumarich was waiting for him, only to be welcomed by an intoxicating sight.
Alfred and his group stepped through the beaded curtain into the hall and were bewitched by a world of fantasy. Silk curtains cascaded down from the ceiling throughout the room. The hall was filled with music and incense smoke that rose in the air. Mosaic art covered the walls and magnificent sculptures of beautiful maidens lined a miniature river five-feet-wide flowing through the hall. And dancers bewitched Alfred’s men’s eyes with their graceful moves and skimpy dresses.
Copper embroidery and glimmering fringe, perfect faces and vigorous breasts, smiles more enchanting than songs of love, and smooth bellies swaying slicker than snakes, the swirling beauties sidled smoothly up to the men one moment, then leapt away like startled butterflies the next to hide behind translucent curtains that concealed nothing. Then the dancers would reappear again, whipping around wilder than the wind, their exotic show exalted by the shadows, colors and glimmering candlelight, each, and together, magic transformed into warm flesh.
Agatha stared the dancers up and down with wide, shocked eyes as she walked, slapping down the hand of one of her companions when he tried to grab a loose strap of one of the dancers’ tops. She gave him a fiery glare and nudged him to keep moving.
They made it to the center of the hall where low chairs sat on a great, colorful rug. Little servant boys flocked around with trays heavy with rich foods and drinks, yet there were no guests to serve. A great throne—graced by blue and orange silks that draped and billowed from the ceiling—stood empty on a dais, with no lord seated on it.
Alfred spun slowly around, raising his arms to his sides as if silently asking: Where is our host?
Moments later, Gumarich called out with joy, “Earl Alfred!”
Gumarich entered the hall from a side door, somewhere behind the throne, with Juovan and several armed guards following closely behind. He immediately approached Alfred with arms wide open.
“Welcome.”
Alfred embraced him back. “Lord Gumarich.”
“You made a habit of being missed from my court. Come, have a seat. Come, my friends, why be shy? Please make yourselves comfortable; my home is your home, everything you see is yours to enjoy. Alfred, it feels so good to see you again,” Gumarich said as he led Alfred to the seat closest to him.
“Likewise, Lord Gumarich.” 
“Forgive the delay,” Gumarich added as he headed to his throne. “If it were up to me, I would have come to the gate myself to welcome you… But one’s time is never one’s own, and I do have a busy town to look after. I’m sure you understand.”
Alfred turned his face to the dancers and back to his host. “I’d say the town is the least of your worries,” he said with a grin. 
Gumarich laughed. “Now, I’ve been told you have an urgent matter you needed to see me about. Whatever that may be, I’m sure it won’t get in the way of enjoying the hospitality of which I pride myself.”
At Gumarich’s words, Alfred looked over his shoulder to see a woman with a face more enchanting than the moon, who had snuck up on him.
The woman slid her arms around him from behind as her body slithered slowly to his side until she was kneeling next to him. She took a cup from one of the servant boys and offered it to Alfred with both hands. Her eyes, and her smile, not parting from Alfred for a moment as her lips whispered, “Your joy, sire.”
“Congratulations,” Gumarich said, stealing Alfred’s attention. “It seems that Mariana has her eyes on you. You are sure to discover what a remarkable woman she is.”
Alfred turned his face from Gumarich to his men, seeing they were being treated with the same attention by other beautiful women. Agatha was having a hard time of her own for the woman who served her a drink had set her eyes on Agatha lustily, and was uncomfortably close to her.
Alfred’s gaze returned to the kneeling woman before him. He reached out to take the drink, but Mariana masterfully countered his move as she rose, spinning, and seated herself on his lap.
She giggled, then flashed him a bold smile, silently daring him to keep up with her next move. She helped herself to a sip from the cup, and leaned toward Alfred to water his lips with hers.
“How was it?” she murmured, having poured wine into his mouth straight from hers. “Sweet?”
Alfred stared at her for a moment. He turned to Gumarich. “Okay, I’m taking this one with me.”
They laughed, and Alfred laughed with them before he led Mariana off his lap. “But not today I’m afraid,” he said, smiling at her, then reached out his hand to her again.
Mariana turned her face between the two men, looking confused as to what she might have done wrong.
Alfred’s hand remained in the air, so she faked a smile and a giggle that sounded closer to a gasp, put the drink in his hand and walked away, looking more nervous and unsettled by the shock of his rejection than if she had received a slap to the face.
Gumarich’s grin disappeared. He asked Alfred. “Is it that serious?”
“I wouldn’t have bothered you otherwise, Lord Gumarich.”
Gumarich looked at Juovan, who nodded and motioned the women and the servants away from their guests. In only moments, they masterfully retreated as if this was exactly how things were intended. The music toned down a bit and the dancers remained on their side of the hall, keeping their distance.
Gumarich said, “I’m all ears.”
“Your men have one of my own.”
“I see…” Gumarich said and jested, “Not your brother Gull, I suspect. Yes, his reputation proceeds him, and I imagine that my men wouldn’t be happy dealing with a man of his, virtue.”
Alfred laughed and waved his arms, “You’ve got me there. No, it’s not Gull, and I guess I should consider myself lucky it hasn’t gotten to that.”
“We both should.”
Alfred set his drink aside and said, far more serious, “A woman from our group went missing, and I’ve been told your men arrested her earlier.”
Gumarich and Juovan looked at one another, and Gumarich chuckled.
“You find it funny?” Alfred asked.
“Not at all,” Gumarich said, waving his hand. “It’s just one of those moments. Juovan and I have had our hands full with nothing but women’s problems recently. In fact, we were dealing with one just a little while ago.”
Juovan said sharply, “If she’d been arrested by my men, then it’s because she broke our laws, no doubt.”
“I don’t know about that,” Alfred said. “But no matter the reason, I want her back. Immediately.”
“That is not up to you to decide,” Juovan said. “And why would something like that require the middling of the earl in the first place, I must wonder. Not to mention bothering the Lord himself with such matters. What’s the severity of her crime?”
“Juovan,” Gumarich warned. He set his cheek on his fist and looked at Alfred. “What Juovan is trying to say is that we handle things a little differently in Wenclas than is done elsewhere. We have representatives who handle such things, and I rarely get involved. But since you’ve taken the trouble of coming to me yourself, I cannot turn down a friend’s request.”
“You have my thanks.”
Grumarich leaned forward, “There is, of course, the matter of what she did. I will need to look into it first. If there are damages or, perhaps, some kind of harm involved—”
“Five thousand denarius,” Alfred interrupted, surprising both men with his offer, “and my personal share of Valdes’s campaign…” he added, causing even Agatha and his own men to register shock. “That should surely cover the cost of any damage she may have caused.”
Taken by surprise for a moment, Gumarich turned his face between Alfred and Juovan—still in the process of assessing this development.
Gumarich summoned a smile and tried to stall, “Well, like I said, we first need to look into what she did before we—”
“And five hundred quinars from me!” a voice called out strongly, startling them all.
They turned their faces towards the sound and were shocked to see Bertwin appear, tapping his cane loudly onto the floor, with one of his men at his wing.
Bertwin made his way, limping, to the center of their gathering and threw a pouch right in front of Gumarich’s throne, scattering silver coins all over the floor and outmatching Alfred’s offer six-to-one.
“And the gratitude of the Ulaky,” Bertwin added, then motioned at Gumarich with his head. “Do I need to add: I’ve resolved murders for much less.”
Bertwin then headed towards Alfred and said, “What? I let myself in. Or did you really think the Ulaky would shy off shouldering their friends?”
Gumarich frowned and held his chin, looking deep in thought, while Juovan took a step forward to demand, “Who is this woman and how much gold she commands, for both the Toic and the Ulaky to vouch for her safety?”
“Juovan.” Gumarich ordered, “Summon the judge.”
Chapter 6

Abducted


Teyrnon had returned to the column and was walking alongside the wagons where most of the men were sleeping; a few others strolled nearby in their long fur-topped cloaks, or worked at tying their sacks of purchases onto the wagons’ sides. 
Suddenly, Teyrnon noticed movement in a dark alley, near one of the supply wagons, he stopped and focused his eyes on the scene. A chill to run down his spine as he realized what was going on: two figures, cloaked by the dark, were attempting to pull a forbidden sack out from between the bales of cattle-feed.
Teyrnon quickly tapped the shoulder of the nearest man to him, and together they hurried towards the supply wagon where they raised their voices with warning.
“Hey, you!”
“What do you think you’re doing over there?”
“Hush, keep it quiet,” came a reply.
Teyrnon and his friend breathed with relief. It was Volk and Gull; they had recently seen. Volk was on top of the wagon, buried in hay and large bales of cattle feed up to his waist.
“Oh, it’s just you,” Teyrnon’s partner said.
“What are you doing?” Teyrnon asked.
“What does it look like?” Gull answered.
Teyrnon said, “We’re not supposed to take these out. Someone might see it.” 
Volk replied, struggling to pull the large sack out, “Everyone is supposed to do something...but not the other...until...they have to do it.”
Gull said with impatience, “Is that nonsense supposed to mean something? Shut your beak and hurry up.”
“It’s not as easy as it looks. I can’t get a grip.” Volk said and turned to Teyrnon and the other man. “Don’t you just stand there, give me a hand.”
The man said, “Why should I?”
“Then who do you want me to ask for help, Morana? Get over here and help me pull this—Wah,hyah!” He yelped with shock and fell off the wagon when he realized he had grabbed a human foot!
All four of them turned their attention to the wagon from which feminine, sleepy moans could be heard. Moments later they saw Keelin sit up, her upper half emerging out of the hay.
She rubbed her sleepy eyes and looked down at them, broken straws of hay caught in her hair and on her face. “What?”
Volk yelled at her, “What are you doing in there?”
Keelin shrugged. “Sleeping.”
“In hay?” Teyrnon said.
“It’s comfortable. Who grabbed my foot?” She said, looking at each of them before setting her gaze upon Volk. She glared at him with eyes half-closed. “Gross.”
Keelin lazily made her way down the wagon. “Now I have to wash it.”
“Very funny.” Volk said, and called after her when she didn’t stop, “It’s not like I even knew you were with us.”
“I’m not.” She yawned, staggering left and right as she walked away, and waved her arm. “The wagon is yours. You tainted it. I’m finding another place to sleep.”
When she was out of sight, Volk commented, “That woman is so odd. She gives me the creeps.”
Gull grew impatient. He groaned as he thrust his hand into the hay to pull the sack out.
“No, wait,” Teyrnon warned, but it was already too late. The sack ripped and spilled its contents of swords and axes onto the wagon and the road.
Gull grabbed an axe and shook it in his hand, gauging its weight. “The idiots. As if a Boii will ever turn in their weapons.”

*   *   *

A black-haired woman in a long fancy dress topped by a blue embroidered shawl, walked at a brisk pace among the column’s wagons, turning her face left and right, searching for someone.
She heard a mumble coming from one of the wagons, so she stopped and opened the wagon’s flaps to say, “Excuse me, I’m looking for Teyrnon.”
Keelin, who passed in-between the wagons right behind the woman, overheard her. “In there,” Keelin said, pointing the woman in the right direction, then went on her way, yawning. “Watch out for the old creep.”

*   *   *

Teyrnon asked with worry, “What are you planning to do with that?”
“What we always do.” Volk picked himself a weapon as well.
Gull said, “We heard about what happened to Natir. We were going to get a couple more men and go abduct one of them, but since you’re already here, I guess you two will have to do.”
Teyrnon and the man were shocked. “You want us to do what?”
“Are you serious?”
“Does it look like we’re joking?” said Volk.
Teyrnon said, “But Alfred is with the Gracile right now to negotiate her return.”
Gull grabbed Teyrnon by his cloak and pulled him close. “You need to get the situation straight. This is beyond what Alfred wants or how he wants to handle it. Natir may not be a Toic, but she still came with us. Do you understand what this means?”
Volk added, “It doesn’t matter if we like it or not, as far as the whole world is concerned, that makes her one of us.”
“Our honor is what’s at stake here.” Said Gull, “They took one of us. So, we’ll take one of them, and exchange prisoners later. Plain and simple.”
Teyrnon said, “We can’t just do this all on our own. Alfred never ordered it. He needs to know.”
“If Alfred was here, he wouldn’t have stopped us.”
“He needs to be told about this. We’re not even supposed to have any weapons with us, it will cause a huge problem.”
“Only if they found out.” Volk stepped between Gull and Teyrnon and put an axe in Teyrnon’s hand. “We’re leaving at dawn. What are the chances a word of this will come out before then?”
“And what if Alfred has her already? He could be on his way back with Natir right now.”
Gull said, impatient, “Then we’ll let the hostage go. Now, I’m getting tired of arguing. Are you in, or do I get someone else?”
They heard a noise and, startled, spotted the woman who stood in the middle of the alley, watching them with a frown on her face.
The men quickly turned to her, ready to take down the witness, when Teyrnon yelled, “No, no, no! She’s okay. She’s a friend. She’s okay.”
Teyrnon approached the woman and asked, with worry written all over his face, “Irenka, what are you doing here?”
Irenka said, holding back her anger, “Let’s find out, shall we?”
She walked between the men, peering up and down at each of them with disgust.
She said, “A customer of mine took the trouble to come to me and let me know that some slave she saw in the Dog-Cage earlier had  Breuci art painted on her body. Something that almost looks like it came out of my store…” She spun around to face Teyrnon as Volk and Gull whispered something from behind her back. “Ridiculous gossip, don’t you think?”
“Well, um, yes?”
“Of course, it is. I couldn’t help but to laugh.” Her eyes narrowed and her tone turned vicious, “But then, my customer described the slave to me. And guess who it sounded like?”
The men froze; after a pause, Volk asked, “Who?”
Irenka rolled her eyes as Teyrnon barked at Volk, “She means Natir.”
“Oh!”
Irenka moved in front of Teyrnon, hissing, “A word came out that my work is on the body of a slave, and not just any slave, but the cheap, lowlife, useless kind they feed to the Dog-Cage’s beasts like leftovers. Can you imagine how humiliated I was? Do you even know what gossip like that can do to my business…? So, I’m here to ask you, Teyrnon, dear, is there something I need to know?”
Before Teyrnon could say a word, Volk had snuck up on Irenka from behind and gagged her mouth with a piece of cloth, causing Irenka to slip and drop backwards. Her screams muffled, she struggled with panic against Volk and the other man who ganged up on her.
“Get her hands, her hands.”
“I got her.”
“Stop resisting.”
Teyrnon yelled, “Stop! Volk? What are you doing?”
Gull gave Teyrnon a push before he could interfere, “You stay out of this.”
“Have you all lost your minds? I just told you she’s a friend of mine!”
“She’s one of them, isn’t she?”
“She got nothing to do with this—”
“And she’s the only witness who heard what we’re up to and saw these.” Gull waved his axe in Teyrnon’s mute face. “Isn’t she?”
Irenka let out a muffled cry, causing Teyrnon to turn his sweat-coated face to her, watching as the other two tied Irenka’s hands behind her back and threw her over the bed of the wagon, where she landed on her side.
“Easy now, rich beauty, you’re going to hurt yourself.” Volk said, holding her down against the wagon by her neck, while the other man tied Irenka’s ankles together. A glow flashed along the bit of Volk’s axe as he played the weapon in front of her terrified eyes, causing Irenka to freeze.
“That’s it.” Said Volk, “The less you struggle, the better for you.”
Overtaken by rage, Teyrnon pushed his way past Gull and onto them. “That’s enough, I’m not having any of this.”
Volk swiftly waved his axe at Teyrnon. “Easy there, lover boy… Easy,” he warned, causing Teyrnon to stop. “Don’t let your excitement lead you by the nose.”
The other man said, “Now we won’t have to go look for anyone else. This one walked right into our hands all on her own.”
“Don’t worry, I’m not the type of a man who’d harm such a good-looking woman, so long as she behaves herself.” Volk said, running the back of his hand against Irenka’s cheek, causing her to shut her eyes with disgust. “Now, first things first…”
With both hands, Volk grabbed Irenka by her waist and raised her, seating her at the edge of the wagon, in front of himself. 
He then pushed his face much too close to hers. “Let’s start from the beginning, as you tell me everything that nice customer of yours told you. Starting with: exactly what is this Dog-Cage you mentioned?”
Chapter 7

The Four-sided Race I


A servant whispered in his master’s ear. The man, Leos, nodded occasionally as he listened to the entirety of the message then turned to his guests.
“Good news at last, my friends,” Leos said aloud.
Bertwin’s two men, Hagen and Vadim, gave their full attention to Leos, their host. The fat merchant who welcomed them into his home didn’t appear like much; his appearance was soft, with fluffy white robes, laughable pea-eyes, shaved head, and fat cheeks flushed pink from wine over-consumption. But the two of them knew better than to underestimate Leos who was, in fact, one of the richest and most powerful figures in town.
“It seems my colleagues have caught wind of this woman you seek,” Leos said. He got off his chair and headed to one side of the room, overly furnished with fur and wooden furniture.
“That’s welcome news, Mr. Leos,” Hagen commented. He and Vadim stood up out of respect to their host.
“It is.” Leos waved his hand. “Please sit down, sit down, no need to be so formal around me.” The two men took their seats while Leos continued towards the table, “What’s even better, it seems that the Gracile have not made a move yet.”
“If we were able to get our hands on her before he does—”
Leos interrupted, “Ah! That would certainly make things a world easier, and I will have little, if anything, to explain.” He returned with a small wooden box in his hands. “But there are some complications…” He dropped the box with a loud thud on the table in front of him and took his seat. “Nothing in life ever works so smoothly, does it? As I’m sure your earl, Bertwin, well knows.”
Hagen and Vadim looked at one another with worry. Hagen asked, “What complications?”
“Here’s the thing: The word I received came from a friend of mine who said he personally saw the woman not too long ago. That friend is,” Leos’s tone became more serious, “no other than one of the commanders of our town guards.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that the woman is already in the hands of Gracile’s men. It appears that she had caused some trouble and was captured by the town guards. Not only that, but she has also already made her appearance before the judge. I’m not sure what happened next, but it appears that she is all right and imprisoned in one of the keeps.”
The servant rushed back to his master’s side and whispered in Leos’s ear again, correcting the last part of the information. “Sir, it’s not a keep. She’s being kept at the Dog-Cage’s holding cells.”
Leos frowned. “What? Why there?”
“I don’t know, sir.”
“This doesn’t make much sense.” Leos hummed, then regained his friendly attitude and said to his guests, “Well, it doesn’t matter, let’s not concern ourselves with every small detail. We know where she is and that she’s all right, and within my arm’s reach. That’s all that matters at the moment. But you do see my point, don’t you?”
Vadim responded, “It will be hard to hide our actions from the Gracile.”
“Impossible, in fact.” Leos said. “I love how quick on the uptake you two are; it’s a sign of being blessed with a sharp mind. I don’t make friends with just anyone, you know. I discard the fools from my life, and pick my friends very carefully.”
“We’re honored by your words.”
“So, what should our next move be?”
“We’ll move swiftly,” said Leos. “This doesn’t change the fact that the faster we get her, the less we’ll have to worry about angering the Gracile. What happens before the Gracile issues a command is hardly something to be concerned about and can be explained in a thousand ways. But it also means that it will be much more expensive than we initially thought. The judge’s loose lips will be particularly costly to silence, much less making him, if needed, side with our excuses. Which leads us to the real question at hand,” Leos said, leaning forward. “Is this woman really worth that much to Bertwin?”
Vadim said, “Our earl has already made it clear that is so.”
“He wants the woman regardless of the cost.”
Leos paused to eye them silently. He then opened the box, grabbed a handful of silver bars and gave them to his servant.
“Make the deal,” Leos said. “I don’t care who else he has to bribe, I want this woman delivered safely to my house without a moment to spare. We must get to her before the Gracile makes a move.”

*   *   *

 “This doesn’t make much sense to me.” Volk said.
Teyrnon stood tall next to the wagon’s entrance, looking awfully uncomfortable and keeping a wary eye on the rest of them to make sure no one was going to harm Irenka. 
The group had placed Irenka, with her hands and legs still bound, into one of the wagons with a good cover so they could hide from curious eyes as they questioned her.
Volk, still holding his axe, pushed himself closer to Irenka. Head tilting sideways like a crazy person, he questioned her. “The word I’ve heard was that Natir got into a fight, and got herself captured by the guards. Mind explaining to me how in the world she wound up in a place like that?”
Teyrnon warned, “Volk, lower that axe.”
“Good question. We should ask her,” Irenka replied. Now that her moment of panic has passed, she was far more composed and had regained her sarcastic attitude.
Volk pushed his face, and his axe, closer to her face and threatened, “Now you listen to me, you rich slut—” 
She spat in his face before he could finish and hissed as he wiped his face, “Insult me again, and I will dare you to leave this town alive. And one more thing: Keep your distance. You stink with sweat.”
He glared back at her, then showed her his palm—covered by her spit—and licked it.
Irenka couldn’t help but to look away with disgust. “Oh, gross.”
“Volk, I said drop that axe,” Teyrnon warned more viciously.
Volk turned his face between Irenka and Teyrnon, and with a grimace, jumped towards Teyrnon, “Maybe you should stay out of this after all.” He opened the wagon’s flaps. “Go ahead. Leave.”
Teyrnon angrily yanked the flaps closed and pushed his face toward Volk’s. “Make me.”
“Perhaps I should. Or perhaps I should ask,” he slowly raised his axe toward Teyrnon’s face, “are you really going to side with her, against your own kinsmen? Against your poor, poor friend, Natir, whom she just admitted throwing to the dogs?” Volk motioned with his head, daring Teyrnon. “How much did she buy you for, I wonder?”
With both hands, Teyrnon grabbed Volk by his clothes, hauled him up, and snarled in his face, “I’m going to rip that tongue out of your mouth if you’re not careful. She did nothing of the sort! She got nothing to do with what happened to Natir.”
“She’s one of them, isn’t she?”
Gull roared, “That’s enough you two.” He stepped in-between them, breaking them apart, then turned to Teyrnon. “If anything, what she just told us could only make me angry. Natir is accounted on us. They took one of our group and threw her to the dogs. No Toic will ever be able to raise their face again unless we pay them back for this disgrace TEN TIMES OVER.”
“I TOLD YOU SHE HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH ANY OF THIS. SHE CAME TO HELP.”
“Don’t bother,” Irenka said, smiling.
They looked at her, so she shrugged her shoulders. “What? You really think this is the first time I go through something like this? Oh, puh-lease! I honestly began to miss having my wrists tied up so nicely.”
Gull ignored her and waved his forefinger in Teyrnon’s face. “Maybe she really is a friend. Maybe she has nothing to do with it. And maybe she did come to help. I will cut her some credit for that and will not harm her. Be she will not leave this wagon, either.”
Teyrnon shouted, “You still plan to hold her?”
“You heard what happened!” Gull shouted back. “What’s more, her source said that Natir made it through their Dog-Cage. Natir is still alive, and we will need this woman to make the exchange… If Alfred gets Natir back before we leave, we’ll let your friend go once we cross the town’s gate. If he doesn’t, we’ll leave first, then send a word demanding Natir back and enough ransom to compensate us for this disgrace. That’s the best deal you and she can hope for. Don’t push it any further.”
“You are a bunch of idiots.” Irenka said, half-laughing. “Listen to yourselves. You’re going to issue demands, to the Gracile? Someone will pay a ransom, for me? Oh, I should humble myself and throw my wit at your feet for such brilliant plans. You really understand nothing of how this town works, do you?”
Gull motioned at Irenka. “You’ve got something to say, woman?” He moved closer and threatened, “You’d better make this interesting, because I will not tolerate any women’s trickery.”
“Oh, how scary,” she murmured with a smile as she peered at Gull with taunting eyes. “And the mood, the dim light, and the ropes on my wrists are making it just too perfect. Look at me, I’m shaking in my little dress and can’t hope to think of anything but: what those big hands will do to me next.” She winked. “You should drop by my store sometime. I promise, it will worth your while.”
“I’m still hearing nothing,” Gull said.
“I run a business, you fool!” Irenka barked all of a sudden, “one of hundreds. You think the Gracile cares about someone like me? You think he will risk that a word will come out about how his precious Wenclas submitted to the demands of a small clan like the Toic for MY LIFE? Or do you think anyone will bother pay my ransom?”
“You look like money to me,” said the man whom Teyrnon had brought with him for support earlier. His comment made them all turn to stare at him. “What?” He shrugged. “She looks like money. She got a business. People working for her. Someone will care.”
“I’m sure tears will flow,” Irenka said, “but will it be before or after those little sluts start counting the money I left behind, I wonder.” She then turned back to Gull and frowned. “Give me a sign there’s a shred of a brain in that colossal head of yours. Tell me you understand what I’m saying.”
He groaned. “I’ve got the wrong hostage.”
“You’ve got the wrong hostage.”
“You know who I need to get my hands on.”
“I know who you need to get your hands on.”
“I still can’t let you go.”
“I know that.”
They stared at one another for a pause full of tension, then Gull took out a knife and dropped Irenka on her side, causing her to yelp.
“Gull!” Teyrnon shouted.
Gull cut the ropes and freed Irenka’s hands. She straightened up, rubbing her wrists. “Couldn’t you do it any gentler?”  
She yelped when Gull threw the knife in her lap and stood up.
“I’ve got no time for gentle. Now, fulfill your part of the deal: Tell us who we need and where to find them.”
Irenka worked the knife on the ropes surrounding her ankles, “Haven’t you ever asked yourself… Curses… Haven’t you ever…”
“Will you let it out already?”
She barked, frustrated by her failed attempts to cut the rope, “I can’t talk and work on this thing at the same time! Will someone cut the stupid rope off my legs already?” She then quickly pointed her knife at Volk when he approached her, “Oh, no, no, no. Not you. Stay back, you creep. Stay back.”
Teyrnon pushed Volk out of his way, knelt next to Irenka, and cut the rope for her.
She let out a great breath and adjusted her pose to a more comfortable one. “Much better.”
Irenka then looked over her shoulder and saw Teyrnon behind her, hands resting gently on her shoulders, her back to his chest. “Are you all right?” he asked.
Irenka didn’t answer. She turned her face towards the others.  “Haven’t you ever asked yourself why Wenclas features no banners of its own, not even a single flag on its walls?”
Gull scratched his beard while Volk answered, “I haven’t really thought about it.”
“It’s because Wenclas doesn’t need one. Not of wool or silk, at least.”
“I’m not following what you’re trying to say,” Gull said. “Stop stalling and speak more clearly.”
She smirked, rested her slight weight wholly against Teyrnon and said, “Of the many, many faces of fortune that attracts people to Wenclas from every corner of the world, this is definitely one that you’d love to hear… Every spring, there’s a great festival we hold. On this peerless day, the prettiest of all women flock into town. Peasants, artists, sex workers, servants, slaves and free-women, low and highborn, none of that matters, any woman can participate if she so wishes. Because on this one day, they will all stand equal before the temple—
“Then, at the end of the celebration, the gods choose only one. The prettiest and most graceful of all. Her body, and her hair, will be adorned with oil. The priestesses shall sing. The sky will open its arms. And her predecessor will then step forward and, before the sight of our lord and the whole town, she will take the holy potion into her mouth and pour it into the chosen one’s lips with a kiss that will pass on the flame… The potion will erase the chosen  woman’s spirit from her body. Her past, her memories, her bloodline and her name will all be wiped clean. And the spirit of Wenclas itself will inhabit her flesh. And from that day forth, her name shall be—”

*   *   *

An honor guard stepped into the vast bath where marble and granite lined the walls, and countless candles shined their magical light onto every inch of the grand space.
The floor was covered in mosaics. The masterfully cut and polished stones depicted the most fascinating scenes of the sea and enchanting Nixes emerging nude from underneath the surface of perfect blue lakes.
The honor guard—a foreigner in his forties, with Greek features and a body molded by war—headed directly to the bath in the center of the hall.
Mist filled the air and the satisfying aroma of perfumes and precious oils wafted up with the rising steam. A couple of young female servants stood at the edge of the bath, holding a large towel between them to conceal their mistress and the other servants in the bath with her, from the honor guard’s eyes.
“You called for me?” The honor guard crossed his arm over his chest and bowed his head, “Lady Wenclas?”

*   *   *

 “—Wenclas.” Irenka declared. “The living, breathing banner of Wenclas.”
Gull asked, “The banner of this town is a woman?”
“Magnificent, isn’t it?” Irenka responded with a hint of pride in her voice. “What greater honor can a woman dream of…? Do I need to add that she’s also the only woman allowed to lie in the bed of our lord, on the day of her crowning?”
The men went silent for a moment, assessing this information.
Finally, Volk spoke. “So, what you’re saying is, the Gracile only gets sex once a year?”
Irenka slapped her palm to her face, while Gull raised his voice, scolding him, “That’s all you’ve heard?”
“I’m just saying, that’s so weird.”
Gull glared viciously at him, then turned to Irenka. “That is weird.”
She barked at the two them, “It is how it is, all right? Don’t you make fun of our ways, when you’re standing over the very land we live on.” She sighed and regained her calm, then narrowed her gaze and added, “Anyway, that’s the person you want. Her word is equal, if not superior, to the lord of Wenclas himself, and the depth of her pouch is all the treasures of Wenclas combined. Everything you see and touch is hers to take. Her authority is, simply, beyond limits.”
“And you’re telling us to abduct such an important person?” Gull chuckled.
“How stupid do you think we are?” Volk added.
Gull crouched in front of Irenka, “That piece of information is useless.”
“Is it?”
“Even if it’s just until dawn, such a thing will be impossible to hide. In fact, I might as well abduct the Gracile himself. Just how many guards do you think I will have to kill to get to her?”
“Just one,” she informed, silencing him with shock. “Surprisingly, the most powerful figure of our town is not powerful at all. She is shadowed by only one honor guard.”
“How is that possible?”
Volk shrugged. “It makes no more sense than the Gracile’s vacant bed.”
“You are missing the entirety of the picture,” Irenka said to Volk. “Who in his sane mind will dare touch such a person and risk bring the wrath of Wenclas and all its allies upon themselves?”
She then turned her face to Gull. “Get her,” she said with such seriousness that she sounded angry. “Not only will the Gracile have no choice but to keep such a disaster a secret, but her ransom will be Natir, and more gold and silver than all of you have ever seen in your lives.”
Volk now crouched in front of her along with Gull. “You seem very eager to see us go after this woman… Why?”
“And why shouldn’t I be?” she asked dryly.
“Oh? Something happened between the two of you?”
“Let me tell you one thing: Every other woman who became the vessel of Wenclas knew exactly her place. They played their role, did their thing, and used their time to fatten their pouches. Am I jealous of them? Indeed. But this new woman they’ve choosen,” Irenka hissed with hate, “oh, this new one, she’s different. Stupid! Stupid and spoiled and arrogant beyond belief! She’s not just playing the role, she has fused into it. It’s as if...it’s as if she’s unable to understand that her position is only temporary, and she will have to give it up and return to the filthy pig farm from which she came by next spring. I for one am sick and tired of her, and I’m certainly sick to my gut of seeing her walk into my business and take whatever she wants like a living tax!”
“I see,” Volk said.
Irenka panted, her lungs consumed by hatred. “Get her. Exchange her for Natir. And restore the face your clan lost ten times over in a single, decisive blow. And whatever else you wish for, the Gracile will provide… It’s about time someone teaches the arrogant child her place.”

*   *   *

 “Amyntas, my dear, there is something I want you to get for me,” said Wenclas from her bath.
“Immediately,” Amyntas, her honor guard, responded, “anything and everything you desire.”
“The slave from the Dog-Cage. The woman who survived tonight’s event… I want her.”
Amyntas raised his head and asked, “A slave, you said?”
“If she was there tonight, then she certainly belongs to the judge, doesn’t she?” Wenclas asked, her voice sounding like to a siren’s moan adorned by the gentle sonance of water. “Bring her to me, and I will settle her price with the judge later.”
“At once,” he said, then dared to add, “But, if I may ask...?”
“Ask.”
Turning his face between the two beautiful servants holding the towel, Amyntas wondered, “What do you need the likes of one of the Dog-Cage’s slaves for?”
His mistress chuckled. “Isn’t that obvious?”
She signaled her servants to step aside. The two servants looked at one another, hesitated, then followed their mistress’s command, collecting the towel in between them and stepping aside.
Surrounded by enchanting nude maidens, and submerged in hot water up to her shoulders, the blonde woman from the Dog-Cage looked back at Amyntas and spoke through lips adorned by the sweetest smile as her slender fingers caressed her own neck.
“I will wear her fingernails, as a necklace.”
Chapter 8

The Four-sided Race II


Gumarich made up a reason to excuse himself so he and Juovan could secretly deliberate. They both stood in a more private spot, behind the throne, with a curtain concealing them from the eyes of their guests.
“What are you trying to tell me?” Gumarich asked.
“I’m saying that perhaps we should take their offer as it is and return this woman without pushing the negotiations.” Juovan said.
“Why?” Gumarich frowned, far from pleased with his subordinate’s words.
“My lord, these are the earls of the Toic and the Ulaky, and they seem keen to get her back. They are united in their demands.”
“Which is exactly why I’m in a position to make a much more beneficial deal than accepting a pity reparation. They have made the mistake of revealing just how badly they want her back while the woman is still rightfully in my possession and has committed some crime. There is no more favorable stand and better justification for me to force my will upon them. Don’t worry, Juovan, I am binding myself to the Mystic’s warning about outsiders and will return her unharmed, after I get as much as I can.”
“It’s not the Mystic’s dream that I’m worried about,” Juovan said with unease.
“Then what?”
Juovan peeked at Alfred and Bertwin, then whispered, “They are already in town with their men, and set on marching to war.”
“So what? You’re worried they might dare to do something? They are unarmed.”
“That is but a game both sides play, my lord. Trust me, they are very much armed and capable.”
The news shook Gumarich, “What?”
“I said that is but a game we both play. No Boii will ever surrender their weapons. The mere idea is absurd to them. And we cannot afford to allow armed groups to wander freely within our walls. But we still need them, and they need us. So they turn in some, hide others, and behave themselves, while we turn a blind eye.”
Gumarich’s face reddened with anger, “You tell me that you’ve been allowing armed men into my town all along?”
“Yes and no. It’s just how it came to be, my lord.”
“How could you possibly hide such a thing from me?”
“You know me better than to accuse me of that. I’ve never hidden anything from your sight. It was simply never important enough to bother you about.”
“Never important enough? Juovan!”
Juovan straightened up and said strongly, “My lord, Gumarich, you’ve entrusted this matter to me, and appointed me to enforce your will on the surrounding clans. I have done that and have handled this matter to ensure the best outcome that can possibly be reached… No armed men will be allowed into Wenclas. That was your order.”
“Precisely.”
“But what does that mean in practical terms?” Juovan asked with a malicious tone. “Should I create a threat to Wenclas with my own hands, by forcing the reasonless barbarians to choose between profit and honor? Should I plunge us into an endless loop of conflict as I cut them off the most important passage and demand what they deem impossible? No, my lord. It just means that the threat these armed men can cause needs to be neutralized. And I’ve achieved exactly that… Until recently, it was nothing but small random groups hiding a bunch of axes and knives in their saddles to save pride. What threat can come from something so small? So, yes, I let them think they outsmart us. I allowed them to agree to our terms on the surface, while breaching them in the dark. Because even if things went wrong, it was still never a threat that my men couldn’t handle. But with time, they took that game for granted. And when Valdes mobilized his massive troops, I could no longer change the rules of the game so suddenly. I had no other choice but to play along, my lord. The alternative would have been devastating.”
Gumarich was consumed by rage. He turned sideways to Juovan with his chest heaving in and out, but he maintained his composure. “We will talk more about this, later.”
“Of course, my lord.”
“How bad is it?”
“I took all necessary precautions. But, as I said, they are already within our walls and they seem very much united. The combined force of the Toic and Ulaky increases their danger significantly… As things stands, we are on equal footing.”
Gumarich paused to consider everything his commander had told him.
“Juovan,” he commanded, far more calmly, “I have much to gain from establishing an exclusively unflustered access through the Toic and Ulaky territories, while my competitors suffer their harassment. Giving them the woman they want and a stipend much smaller than it should be will grant me the road’s privilege here and now. And it will be years before they try to renegotiate. I cannot waste the opportunity to broker such a deal.”
Juovan nodded, put his hand on his sword and declared, “Then I have work to do.” He motioned to one of the guards, who bowed his head and left in a hurry. 
Juovan then turned back to Gumarich and added, “It would be wise to keep the heads of the Toic and Ulaky contained within these walls until the negotiations are over, my lord. My men will surround the building, and the security within will be increased. It will be done quietly.”
“My lord.” A guard now approached them, and said, when Gumarich looked at him, “The judge is here.”
Gumarich nodded and returned to his guests.

*   *   *

With Juovan at his wing and two guards waiting for him on either side of the throne, Gumarich now returned to it.
“Sorry for keeping you waiting,” Gumarich said. “The matters demanding my attention never cease.”
Bertwin nodded, looking pleased. “You don’t need to tell me. Seriously, every time I take my eyes off of matters for just one night, I absolutely don’t want to get out of bed next morning for how many problems has piled up.”
Alfred asked, “How much longer will your man keep us waiting, Lord Gumarich? In our halls, if a man doesn’t answer his superior’s call before he’s done with his drink,” he turned his empty cup upside down, “we call that disrespect.”
Bertwin quickly played down Alfred’s comment. He turned towards the dancers and humored, “Your butterflies sure are keeping distance, Gumarich. Did someone scare them off or something? Give one of them a nudge for me, save an old man the trouble of having to chase after them.”
Gumarich laughed. “No need. I’m sure they’ve only been awaiting an invitation.”
A dancer leapt before Bertwin without delay. She was still spinning on her toes and yet to show her moves when Bertwin groaned with joy and stole her into his arms.
“Now that’s more like it!” Bertwin held the young dancer, yelping and kicking with joy on his lap. “Oh, this one is so lively, I like it,” he laughed and waved his hand at the other dancers. “You, too. And you. Bring it closer, you pretty little things. Bring it closer!”
Gumarich turned his attention to Alfred. “As for you, my friend, please don’t worry. He’s already here,” he said, then ordered a guard, “Instruct the judge in. We shouldn’t keep my guests waiting any longer.”
As a servant replaced Alfred’s drink. Agatha waved off the one who approached her, as her own cup was yet untouched, and watched the guard as he proceeded to the opposite end of the hall to instruct the judge in—from the very spot they had entered earlier.
Agatha repeatedly lost sight of the guard because of the curtains and the dancing women. Then she noticed one of the dancers move stealthily to open a door to the side in order to let a couple of new dancers in, and two out.
Agatha didn’t pay it much mind, but the dancer’s behavior did strike her as odd, plus it was still much too early for dancers to get so tired they needed to be replaced. A moment later, at the sound of a great cry, Agatha eyes flew wide open as she saw an enormous man rushing into the hall.
“My lord!”
It was a shocking sight. The judge entered the hall like a boulder broken free from a mountainside, causing the dancers to scramble out of his way so as not to be trampled.
“Oh, great lord!”
Wilhelm puffed hard as he hurried in, his belly bouncing ahead of him. His thighs didn’t just rub together; rather, they looked like two fat kids pushing one another out of the way as they raced. His enormous breasts flopped and bounced in the air like two bags of milk, and the chain of gold bricks around his neck swung freely in the air as he continuously stopped every few steps and bowed to his wide waist, humbling himself like a dog. Had he not done that, everyone might have abandoned their seats, unsure if this massive ball of meat would stop in time before crashing into them.
“I came . . . I came as soon as I heard. My lord Gumarich, I’m at your . . . service. At your feet. What do you need my counsel with? What are your orders? I’m all ears. My wisdom and all my knowledge are at the service of Wenclas. Whatever you need—” he blabbered, with the leader of Wilhelm’s guards at his wing.
All stared wide-eyed at the judge, having rarely seen someone humbling himself so low, not even in the villages they’d conquered. He was an entirely different person in the presence of his lord.
“Wilhelm.” Gumarich raised his palm. “Take a moment. Catch your breath.”
“Yes, yes, of course, my lord. You’re so kind. So kind indeed,” Wilhelm said, gasping for air.
Gumarich introduced him. “I don’t believe you’ve met before. This is Wilhelm the Kovaryk, the judge of my people.”
“Yesss,” Bertwin said, astounded. He whispered to the dancer he was holding, “I think I’ve just found out why bears hide their food in winter.”
The woman couldn’t restrain her laugh in time, she cracked up, then covered her mouth.
Gumarich addressed the judge. “Wilhelm, meet my guests: Alfred, Earl of the Toic, and Bertwin, Earl of the Ulaky. It appears they have a business with you.”
Wilhelm said, loud and joyful, “Why, of course. Welcome, welcome, our honorable guests! What a joy to welcome you into our town. What a joy. I’ve heard so much about both of you. I would have come to you myself given how resounding your honorable reputation truly is. Welcome! You must accept my invitation and join me at my home later tonight, I insist. But first, of course, what business do you need my help with? I trust my counsel will not disappoint. My wisdom is unmatched by any you’ve seen.” He turned to his guards’ leader. “Get me a seat, and hurry, for our guests deserve no less than my full attention.”
Alfred looked at Gumarich, then back at Wilhelm. He smirked with amusement. “I appreciate the offer. But we didn’t come here for counsel.”
“Oh! A different kind of business? How interesting,” Wilhelm said, seating himself. “I’m all ears. Please explain.”
“It appears that one of my group ended up at your hall earlier tonight. Lord Gumarich told me that you are is in charge of these matters.”
“I see.” Wilhelm said, smiling, “Well, that is true, as our lord told you. Had your man been involved in some kind of trouble,  he must have been brought to see me, and justice was served. But not to worry, you will find that our lord’s mercy knows no limits. No limits at all! So, tell me your man’s name. Describe him to me. And I will give you all the details and see what I can do to assist with your request. I’m assuming, of course, that you wish to see your man returned, am I right?”
“It’s not a man.”
Wilhelm intoned a long “oh!” and narrowed his gaze. “Surrounding yourself with naughty women, hey?” He cracked a laugh. “Well, we both have that in common, Earl Alfred. I have a soft spot for wild, ferocious women who leave no man’s back unscathed and no bed sheet untorn.” He laughed again, “Well, it also makes things much easier. I’ve only had to deal with a handful of women tonight. So, tell me, what is her name?”
Alfred set his drink aside. “Natir.”
The faces of the judge and the leader of his guards darkened in an instant. They looked at one another, then back at Alfred.
“Na-Natir, you said?”
“Yes. Natir,” Alfred repeated.
“I, I’m not, entirely sure. The name doesn’t really sound—”
Alfred continued, “She’s about the same height as that woman over there. Slender. Short brown hair with a braid to the side.”
Agatha followed, “She’s wearing a white dress and some kind of a golden paint on her waist. She was involved in a fight at a tavern earlier tonight. Do you have her?”
Wilhelm turned to Gumarich, as stiff as if his neck had turned to wood.
“They want to see her returned. And I will not disappoint their wish,” Gumarich said and motioned to the judge. “Bring her to me.”
Wilhelm’s face paled and sweat began to gather onto his forehead. He stuttered with a creepy smile, “Why-ay-ay . . . Of course, my lord.”
Chapter 9

Pursuers


The guard left in charge of the Dog-Cage’s holding cells had stopped at a booth on the side of the road to have something to eat. Three of Leos’s men on the search for him spotted him and came up behind him.
Not giving him time to react, the three men pulled him off his seat and flung him into a nearby alley.
Two of them, who wore the garrison’s leather-armor, stood watch at the entrance, signaling passersby to continue on their way, while the third man punched the guard to the face, pushed him against the wall, and barked, “Where is she?”
Panicked, he stuttered, “Wh-what do you want?”
“I asked you, where is she?”
“Who?”
“Natir. The woman from the Dog-Cage.”
“What? Who are you?”
He pulled the guard forward with both hands, threw him hard against the opposite wall, and drew a knife.
“Don’t play games with me, boy,” the man hissed, positioning the knife against the guard’s abdomen, “I’ve been to the holding cells. She was supposed to be there, but she WASN’T. Then, I went back to the Dog-Cage’a hall just to make sure, and I’ve also been to the other guard’s place. He said he went home right after the last slave was taken. You were the only one left in there. Everyone says they gave her to you. So, WHERE IS SHE? WHERE DID YOU TAKE HER?”
The guard panted with anxiety, but he still glared at the stranger and countered, “How did you get into the holding cells?”
With the knife’s handle, the man struck the guard in the face, causing him to fall on his knees, his slip lip bleeding all over his hands.
“It seems I’ll have to deal with you differently.”
Before the man could swing the knife at the guard again, the guard fell onto his side and raised his hands defensively. He yelled, “I don’t have her. I don’t have her!” 
“YOU’RE GOING TO LIE TO ME?”
“No! I swear I didn’t know what to do with her, and I couldn’t leave her unguarded in there and leave, so I gave her to them.”
“TO WHO?”
“The other town-guards, the ones from the keep.”
“Which keep?”
“I don’t know, I didn’t ask. I just told the first group I saw to do me a favor and take her with them. They had horses, so they didn’t mind. I swear.”
The man crouched down and played the knife in the guard’s face. “If you’re lying to me—”
“No, why would I? I swear to you that’s what happened. I gave her to them, I just wanted to go home.”
The man put his knife at the guard’s neck and hissed, “Then go home. That’s what you want, isn’t it? Go home, and don’t leave until morning. And if you speak a single word about this—”
“I swear I won’t. I’ve seen and heard nothing.”
“Good.” He motioned with his head, “Now go.”
The guard took off running, while the three men got together to deliberate.
“We need to tell Mr. Leos about this,” one said.
“No, not yet… it’s just a minor delay. To save time, let’s split up and each go to a different keep. Whoever finds her first will bribe someone and bring her with him.” He turned his face between the other two men. “I’ll go to the keep by the market. You two meet me there when you’re done, with or without her.”

*   *   *

Just a step behind, Amyntas, Wencla’s honor guard, entered the holding cells with the help of a guard from the Dog-Cage.
He walked past the empty cells, staring into each one, then stopped near the cell where Natir was being kept—the only cell with an open lock attached to its door.
“She’s not here.” Amyntas said to himself. He turned to the guard, “Where could they have taken her?”
“I don’t know,” he said, “back to the judge’s place, maybe.”
“You haven’t heard anyone say something about this?”
“Not really, we just returned her here after the games were over. That was the last time I saw her.”
Amyntas dropped the lock and huffed. “How many of your friends are still here?”
“Ten perhaps.”
“Call five of them. Give them horses and whatever they need, and tell them to come help me search for this slave.” Amyntas reached under his chest-armor and pulled out a ring he showed to the guard. “By the name and authority of our lady.”
Chapter 10

Overcrowd


[ The Hour of Midnight ]
Seated sideways in front of one of the two riders, Natir clung to the horse’s mane with her chained hands as the men who’d agreed to take her to the nearest keep made their way through town.
She was surprised by how many people were still out on the streets and the number of stores actively conducting business given how late and cold it had gotten. The cold caused Natir intense suffering. She found herself contorting to the side, against her captor, seeking his body heat to ease her woe.
Reaching their destination, the rider eased his horse to a stop and dismounted. He grabbed Natir by her waist and lowered her to the ground.
He maintained a hold on Natir’s upper arm and ushered her to the door of the keep. When he knocked, the sliding bolt was unlatched with a startling thud. The thick wooden door swung open, sending a gross whiff of human sweat and urine into Natir’s face. She shut her eyes and turned her face away. Nevertheless, her freezing body was enticed and lured forward by the warmth.
Natir received a nudge and entered, blindly, trusting her captor to lead the way; men’s chatter surrounded her as soon as the door was closed behind her. She chafed her hands together against the cold and opened her eyes with a little shudder.
The town-guards’ keep was just an ordinary two-story house with stairs, near the entrance, leading to the second floor where the guards slept. The lower level was a short hallway lined with filthy walls separating two opposite rooms that served as holding cells—from which the foul scent wafted.
Security was very lax. Natir was led halfway down the hallway by her captors, and left unattended. She leaned her back against a wall for support, still trembling with tiredness, cold and pain from the beating she had suffered, and watched the men who had brought her here engage in a joyful conversation with the one manning the door.
Another guard approached her and led Natir further down the hallway without even asking who she was or what she may have done. His face revealed irritation at Natir’s slow, unsteady steps, as she could not yet walk straight.
He stopped and checked the wound in her forearm. “What happened?”
She said, her voice low with exhaustion, “A dog bit me.”
He wrapped the cloth back over it without a word.
Before he delivered here wherever he intended, Natir gently grabbed the man’s arm and held onto it, pleading, “Please, sir, may I ask you for a favor? Just one small request.”
“What?”
“I need to send a word to the Toic to let them know where I am. Will you please do that for me?”
The man raised an eyebrow, “The Toic? What are you hoping to do? The Toic are busy. I’ve heard they’re leaving in the morning.”
Her eyes widened. “What? No. No, that can’t be true, you must have heard wrong.”
“Maybe I did,” he said with impatience. “Either way I’ve got no time to search for one of your lovers. I’ve got work to do. Now, come this way.”
“No, wait, please, wait. It doesn’t have to be someone specific, any of them will do, if you would only ask one of your two friends who brought me here—”
“It’s out of their way,” he interrupted and nudged Natir to move.
His coldness made Natir give up on asking for help. The guards were clearly not interested in a request they heard a hundred times a day from every new captive they brought in. Natir was gravely demoralized by the news he told her. The mere thought of being left behind, in the dire situation she was in, truly frightened her.
The guard opened a peephole in one of the two opposite doors. After looking through it and finding the first room full, he did the same with the other door.
“Make way, I’m bringing in another one,” he called into the room, opened the door, and motioned to Natir to enter.
“Over here, sit by the door,” he told Natir after removing the chains from her wrists. He addressed the other women in the cell. “Make space for her. I said make some space, this one can hardly walk.”
Natir sat down with her back to the wall. Once she settled in, the guard closed the door and the room plunged back into almost complete darkness. She needed time for her eyes to adjust to the low visibility, but Natir had already seen what her surroundings were like when she came in.
The room was full of criminals lying cheek by jowl in the stifling, stench filled, crowded space. Many were badly beaten. Men and women alike filled the room. The men greatly outnumbered the women who had gathered tightly together in the corner next to the door to protect themselves from unwanted advances.
Natir heard only a murmur of low voices—random conversations taking place here and there. She noticed that the only light in the room beamed from a few holes located high on the walls, which allowed the torchlight of the hallway to shine in.
“What did they get you for?” one woman asked.
Natir looked at the speaker out of the corner of her eye. She was able to recognize the women’s faces by now, but she chose not to answer.
“Did you steal something?”
Natir knew exactly what kind of women surrounded her. She had been in similar situations many times before, whenever she was led into a new carriage to be shipped from one place to another, or when kept in one room with a group of slaves she had never before met.
It was always the same horrid situation repeating itself over and over again. To open her mouth now would allow them to put their foot at the door—a mistake Natir couldn’t afford to make, especially given her exhaustion.
“What, are you mute? I’m talking to you.”
“She’s a slave.”
“Which pleasure-house owns you?”
Natir set her elbow on her knee, and buried half her face in her palm.
“Who beat you up like that, your master, or your customer?”
One of them snickered, “She probably took someone’s money and tried to get away with it, without giving him service.”
A woman set her palm to the floor for leverage and pushed herself closer to Natir, prompting Natir to watch her out of the corner of her eye.
“I don’t think I’ve seen you before,” the woman said. “What street you work at?”
Natir’s eyes went to the woman’s hands, which she watched carefully. A moment later, Natir saw exactly what she had expected: someone behind the woman had slid a small piece of metal over the floor—some kind of a double-edged blade small enough to be concealed in the woman’s palm. The woman swiftly slid her hand over the blade and closed her fingers over it.
“You’re not going to answer me?” The woman pushed herself closer. “What? You’re too good to waste your breath on the rest of us…? Did you make good money tonight?”
Natir remained silent as the woman’s hand balled over the blade.
“Tell you what,” the woman said, “how about you share some of it with us, and I won’t—”
Before the woman could finish, Natir sprang towards her, taking her by surprise. She dropped on her knee right in front of the woman as her hand shot out like lightning and grabbed the woman’s fist holding the blade.
“You won’t what?” Natir hissed, their faces an inch apart, and her hand tightening over the woman’s fist.
Wincing, the woman’s gaze dropped to her fist. Natir’s unshakeable hold on it was causing the hidden blade to hurt her palm. The other women were yet unsure of what was happening as they could not see Natir’s and the woman’s hands.
“You won’t give me to them, is that it?” Natir said, motioning towards the men. She squeezed the woman’s hand harder as the woman began to whine with pain.
“Yes, I know the likes of you,” Natir said, breathing fire on her lips.
Blood oozed from between their fingers and the woman suddenly howled with pain.
“Let go my hand, let go, let go!” she screamed and, in her panic, clawed at Natir’s arm with her other hand, but it was like trying to shake off the grip of a man.
“And I’ll be cursed to a thousand deaths before I let someone like you—” Natir began. 
Another woman suddenly shouted, “Get her!” and charged at Natir, pushing her onto the floor and trying to force a piece of cloth into Natir’s mouth.
A fight erupted as some of the women ganged up on Natir, hurling punches and curses at her, and trying to bring her down. The one with the blade was holding her bleeding hand in front of her face, crying with pain. Natir, on her back, kicked her legs into the dark and pulled on the hair of one of her attackers, yelling and fighting back.
In a matter of moments, the door flew open and two of the guards barged into the room. “What’s going on in here?” one barked.
The other guard, forcing the women off Natir, yelled, “Break it up, break it up, I said, don’t make me whip you!”
In the chaos, the women pointed their fingers at Natir as many started to shout all at once, “She got a knife! She got a knife!”
“She started it!”
“She didn’t stop insulting us from the moment she stepped in here!”
“She tried to stab me, she cut Emera’s hand!”
One guard raged at the men, “What is wrong with you, your fangs have fallen? The bitches claw at each other and not one of you can slap a couple of faces to quite them down?”
“She cut my hand, my hand!” Emera wailed.
 “You!” The other guard grabbed Natir and pulled her to her feet, “Where did you get this?” He showed her the knife.
“That’s not mine!” Natir said.
“She’s lying,” a woman countered. “I saw her, she had that knife on her all along.”
The guard turned to the woman, “You, shut up!”
“I’m telling you, she had it on her. What, you didn’t search her before you bring her in?”
“Search what? Can’t you see what she’s wearing?” he yelled back.
Natir shouted, “They’re lying. She’s the one who tried to stab me.”
“Enough!” the guard roared. “You, come with me.” He pushed Natir out of the room. “And you there, wrap her bleeding hand with something,” he ordered one of the women and shut the door on them.
Natir fell onto the floor in the hallway. The guard was quickly over her, forcing her to her feet. “Come here, you. I asked you, where did you get this?”
“I told you, that’s not mine. They had it. They tried to stab me.”
“Don’t lie to me, bitch.”
“I’m not lying. They started it. I didn’t do anything.”
He raised his hand to slap her, but the other guard interceded. “Okay, that’s enough. What does it matter who started it? If they can’t get along, then put her in the other room and get it done with.”
“The other room is full. There are only men inside, and I can’t put another person in there, not even if I squeezed them in.”
The prisoners in the other room banged on the door, excited by what they’d heard. They cracked themselves up with the dirtiest jokes and yelled at the guards to let them have her.
One guard kicked the door and told the prisoners to shut up. The other wiped his face with his palm and said, “All right, all right, just… look, just tie her up for now. I’ll do something about the stabbing bitch.”
Natir raised her voice, “I told you I didn’t stab anyone. I didn’t do a thing. Why won’t you believe me?”
“Shut up!” He grabbed Natir by her hair and hissed, “You brought this on yourself. I was taking it easy on you because you’re injured, but I will not have anyone causing trouble in my keep.”
He rushed to the foot of the stairs and yelled at his friends on the second floor, “Is anyone going near the pits? Anyone?”
Chapter 11

STALL


“What do I do? What do I do?” Wilhelm muttered to himself.
He was wretched to the bone, walking back and forth outside the hall in which his lord and the guests were waiting, biting his thumb.
Gumarich’s guards, who were scattered along the corridor, some standing, some crouched down, were neither able to peel their eyes off Wilhelm nor dared ask what could have happened to cause a man such as the judge to fall into such distress?
When the leader of his guards returned, Wilhelm grabbed him by the shoulders and pleaded, unable to control his panic, “Please tell me you found her. Please tell me it wasn’t too late.” 
“I’ve sent my fastest rider,” the leader of the judge’s guards replied, equally distressed.
“You what?” Wilhelm yelped. He looked over his shoulder at Gumarich’s guards, then continued, more carefully, “I told you to go to the Dog-Cage yourself and find her.”
“Sire—”
“Go. Don’t just stand there. Go bring her back.”
“Sire, please listen to me. We need to remain focused. It’s pointless to try and look for her, and you know that. There is no bringing that woman back from the dead. The games are long over.”
“Maybe they’re not!” Wilhelm yelped, shaking his man by the shoulders. “Maybe something happened, and the games dragged on. Maybe her turn hasn’t yet come.”
“You know that can’t be true.” He leaned in to whisper in Wilhelm’s ear, “We’re holding on to false hope. It’s too late to try to get her back. But it’s not too late to consider the alternative.”
“Alternative? What alternative?”
“You must leave Wenclas,” he whispered, causing Wilhelm to stare back at him with horror. “You must do it now, sire, while the Gracile still hasn’t caught wind of what happened. Gather what valuables you have and make a run for it. Do it now while you still can.”
Wilhelm slapped his fat palms to the man’s face. “Idiot. Stupid. Stupid idiot. You want me to kill you? You want me to order your hanging?”
Witnessing the odd scene, one of Gumarich’s guards asked aloud, “Sire? Is everything all right?”
Wilhelm turned to them with a face coated with sweat. “Yes! Everything is fine.”
“Are you sure?”
Wilhelm roared, “I said everything is fine. Everything is perfect. Can you not hear me?”
Gumarich’s guards turned their faces, pretending to look away.
Wilhelm turned back to the leader of his guards. Although furious, he whispered, “You want me to leave Wenclas? You have really lost your mind, haven’t you? Where do you want me to go? Where, in this world, can the judge of Wenclas go?”
“But if you don’t do it now—”
With all the firmness he could summon, Wilhelm said, “Oh, no, no, no. Don’t you dare think I’ll fall for such trickery. You want me to run so you can save your own skin and blame everything on me?”
“Sire, I swear to you, I would never—”
“If you had thought this disaster will befall me alone, then you couldn’t possibly be more mistaken. This is all your fault. You! Your stupid counsel! If only you hadn’t opened your mouth, none of this would have happened. If any heads are to roll over this, then it’s yours before mine, this I can certainly promise you. Now open your ears and listen: You will drag your sorry ass out of here, straight to the Dog-Cage, and you will get there faster than the man you’ve already sent, and you will bring the woman back no matter what. This is the only answer there is. Now go.”
The leader of his guard stuttered, “Where, but, what about you?”
Wilhelm turned towards the door and fixed his garment. “I will stall for as long as I can. I will stall until you return. And let us both pray the woman is still alive.”
Chapter 12

DREAM


Natir’s stay at the keep was brief.
Two guards volunteered to take her to the pits. She soon found herself again surrounded by the merciless cold with nothing on her body but the delicate white scarf wrapped around her hips as a loincloth, the scrap of cloth on her chest, and her skirt still wrapped over her wounded forearm.
Large flakes of snow began descending from the dark, night sky, swirling with the gentle wind. As a little clump of snowflakes landed on the back of her neck, she gasped and jerked to her toes in surprise.
“What?” one guard asked.
“Nothing,” Natir said. She could not wipe the tickling cold-melt off her skin, for her hands were again chained before her. She tilted her head back, but failed to ease the irritation. 
“It’s nothing,” she repeated.
The door closed behind them as the second guard stepped out of the keep.  He put a rope around Natir’s neck and tugged it. “Let’s go. Move.”
Natir’s eyes widened with shock as she looked left and right. “We’re not taking a horse?”
“Do you see any horses around?”
“I was brought to this place on one, just now.”
“Those two already left. We have no space to keep horses here, woman.”
“But it’s cold, and I’ve got nothing on me.” 
He barked, “And whose fault is it that the three of us are out here in the first place? Now MOVE.”
Her eyes to the road, Natir’s chest filled with worry. Even in the dark of the night, she could see a fine layer of ice glazing the stone pavement, reflecting the torchlight like silvers of metal. Every few paces, she spotted a piece of uneven stone sticking up, its horrendous edge pointing upwards.
“Please, please,” she plead to the man, “I’ll do as you say, but before we go, can I please have shoes? A piece of cloth at least? Anything to wrap on my feet.”
“What, you want me to carry you as well?”
The other guard added, “You should have thought about that before you tried to stab someone.”
“I didn’t—”
“Just shut your whore mouth and start walking.”
“Stop complaining,” the other man said, and gave the rope a pull, forcing Natir to stumble forward onto the frigid stones.
She twittered from the cold, reeled sideways and gripped his shirt, her eyes shut with suffering, the cold surface forcing her to her toes.
“Suck it up. The pits aren’t that far.”

*   *   *

The women waited outside Hallstein’s room for what felt like an eternity. The longer they waited, the more fearful they became.
For once, their roles seemed reversed. The two servants did their best to hide how they truly felt to not cause Alediya more stress. Alediya paced back and forth in front of the door, deeply distraught and wringing her hands nervously.
One servant interrupted the silence in a hushed voice. “Perhaps we should let the lord know.”
“And tell him what?” Alediya snapped, unable to control her voice. “Hm? You want to tell him that we don’t know what happened to Hallstein, or what to do about it? You want to tell him that we failed in carrying out the single task he entrusted to us? Is that what you want to face your lord with?”
“I didn’t mean—”
“Then shut up and don’t say stupid tosh you don’t mean, you dumb lump of puke! I swear, I should have gotten rid of you years ago, you useless, bloodsucking leeches, living off Hallstein’s shadow in laze and luxe your own whore-mothers never dreamed of. You should both be out on the streets selling yourself to the dogs, you worthless fuck-bottoms.”
Alediya’s rare outburst caused the two women to cower back with shock.
Alediya headed towards the window, stole a few moments to herself to calm down and wipe her face with her palms before turning to face them again. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“It’s all right. You’re just worried.”
The other servant followed, “We all are.”
“No, no, that was inexcusable, and I should not have vented my vexation by slandering you like that. It was disgusting and unfair. I’m sorry.”
One servant approached Alediya and threw her arms around her, embracing the anxious old woman. “She will be all right,” she whispered, “I know she will.”
“Thank you.”
The other servant’s eyes went to the door. “Still, it’s taken too long. We haven’t even heard a noise or anything in a while. You don’t think he…” She hesitated and didn’t finish.
Alediya frowned. “What?”
The servant swallowed against the hard knot that had formed in her throat. Her voice sank lower. “You don’t think he...is doing something...to her.”
The other servant glared at her friend for even suggesting such a horrible thing while Alediya’s face reddened with anger and worry she could no longer restrain.
“Give me that!” Alediya snatched the oil lamp from the servant’s hand and quickly headed to the room.
The servant snapped, “I’m sorry, I don’t know what made me say that.”
Her friend pulled her arm and hissed, “What has gotten into you?”
“You two wait here. If anything happens, run and call the guards outside,” Alediya ordered. She raised her voice as she faced the door, “Spirit-man…? Spirit-man, I’m coming in.”
Alediya pushed the door open. 
The three women startled at the sight of a room sunk in pitch darkness.
It was just … 
Quiet …
Dark …
The women had no other words to describe what they were looking at, yet they all felt something was amiss. They were unable to see anything inside the room, and the lamplight did not penetrate but a few inches past the entrance. It could not have possibly been normal.
One woman stuttered with panic, “Alediya?”
Alediya swallowed and pushed forth against her fear. “Do as I said. Wait here.”
She walked into the room only to be engulfed by a darkness the likes of which she had never before seen, not even in the dead of the night in the wildest places she had walked through.
Alediya looked at her hand and realized with shock that the oil lamp was dead. Yet no smoke, no scent, no gush of wind had extinguished it. Lit one moment, it was as full of light as a stone the very next. 
A dreadful squeaking noise at her back sent her heartbeat into her throat. Alediya swiftly spun on her heel, unable to see a thing, only to hear the door slam shut behind her.
She panted with anxiety and turned around, blind, unable to tell what direction she was facing, “Spirit-man…? Spirit-man? Hallstein?”
Suddenly she noticed something. A figure in the dark. It was the only recognizable shape in her surroundings. It looked human, or something close to it. It was crouched down in what seemed like a corner of the room, making little, unconceivable motions.
“Who’s there?”
No answer came. Yet Alediya was certain her eyes were not deceiving her and she was indeed seeing someone, something, a living being jittering.
With terror poisoning her blood, Alediya focused her eyes and all her senses on it, and thought she recognized Hallstein’s face.
“Hallstein? Are you Hallstein? Come to me, child… It’s all right. It’s me, Alediya. I’ve known you since you were a child.”
The figure looked back at her for a moment before it dropped its face again, resuming its little motion.
“Hallstein? Hallstein, it’s very dark in here. Too dark for my aged eyes. Won’t you come to me, love…?”
The figure didn’t move.
Alediya swallowed. “Hallstein, I’m coming to you… I, I know you won’t hurt me.”
She approached the figure very carefully and one step at a time, but it felt strange.
She felt as if she were walking not on a solid surface but on oil, on air, on a cloud. There was no friction underneath her feet, no feeling in her legs, and no weight in her whole body. Frightened, Alediya felt none of this seemed real, yet she could not stop or take her eyes off the figure, and every step assured her heart that none other than Hallstein sat in the corner.
She stood over Hallstein, who seemed unaware of Alediya’s presence. Hallstein continued to calmly pull on the tresses of hair in her hands, tilting her head from side to side as she stared at them, as if they were the strangest things she’d ever seen.
Alediya set the dead oil lamp on the floor and crouched in front of her.

*   *   *

Natir was led forth by the rope around her neck from one road to the next like an animal.
The sight of her was a call for mockery. Degrading comments, whispers, jokes and laughter from every man and streetwalker passing by.
Natir walked slowly, back hunched, cowering, feeling her flesh turn to ice, and unable to even rub at her forearms with her chained hands. Her breath twittered from the cold and her bare feet ached from walking on the ice-glazed stones that felt like nails. 
Children came running down the road. They circled around Natir and the guards, calling her names and throwing handfuls of snow at her face. The guards tried to scare them off. 
“Get lost.”
“Kids, get away from here.”
One of the kids poked Natir’s side with a stick before running away, causing her to slip and embrace the cold stones with her half-bare body.
Crying, she crawled and grabbed onto one guard’s foot with shaking arms. 
“Please. A shoe. Please…”

*   *   *

 “Hallstein.” Alediya reached out and held Hallstein’s forearms, prompting Hallstein to look back at her at last. “I beg you, with all my heart, I beg you, tell me what’s gotten into you, my love? What happened? Is it something you see? Please tell me.”
Hallstein answered in a voice, and tongue, foreign to her listener. “A prophecy you seek? I am but a dream.”
“Yes, talk to me. I, I’m here for you. Tell me what to do. Tell me something, anything.”  
Hallstein leaned forward, slowly tilting her head from side to side as she gazed at Alediya, who flinched for Hallstein’s pupils were suddenly like embers.
“In this baleful night, I see the great chains strained in the dark. In this baleful night, I hear the raven’s caw; a harbinger of your downfall.”
“Hallstein, I, I don’t understand a word you say.”
“You have done what no people have done before you, and brought the wolf’s wrath to a brink, too soon.”

*   *   *

Natir screamed, writhing on the ground like a beaten dog, trying to cover her head as the guard beat her with a stick, spit on her, and ordered her to stand up.
Her cheeks wet with tears, she begged, “Please, please—Aawahh!”
The other guard stomped over her back, put his foot on her head and ordered her to move and not cause them to be late.

*   *   *

Hallstein suddenly lurched forth and grabbed Alediya’s wrist, causing her to jolt.
“Put your hopes on him. Your bravest—”
Chapter 13

KINDNESS


They lied to her.
If the distance was indeed short, then it had felt a hundred times longer to Natir, who was forced to face the cold practically naked, beaten, and laughed at, all while enduring the jeering looks and mockery of the passersby.
When they finally arrived at their destination and a young guard opened the door for them, Natir was in such a crude state she could barely focus on her surroundings or care what was being done and said. All she did was lurch forward on trembling legs and slowly sink to the floor in fetal position next to a clay fireplace in the room’s center, twittering from the cold, the bottom of her feet numb with pain as if whipped by a stick.
After a short conversation, the young guard who had opened the door turned to Natir. “What happened to her?”
“Nothing,” one man said.
The other sneered, “Women! Can’t even take a little bit of cold.” He gave the rope a little pull. “You there, why are you so quiet all of a sudden, huh? What, you’re feeling cold? You feel too cold to cause more trouble, you stabbing bitch?”
His friend grabbed his own groin. “Stick your ass up and pull your butt cheeks apart, I’ll warm you up.”
There was no response from Natir. 
The young guard said, “We should give her a moment. We’ll take her down after she warms up a little.”
“Do whatever you want.” The man dropped the rope. “But don’t let her fool you, this one is a treacherous snake. Keep her chained and lock the door.”
“You’re leaving?” the young guard asked.
“We’re not staying in this sad shithole any longer than we should.”
His friend said, “We came to deliver. The rest is up to you.”
As the two men left, the young guard secured the door after them and paused by the entrance, watching Natir shiver.
She slowly swiveled over the floor, trying to place her feet against the fireplace.
“No!” The young guard bolted.
He dropped next to her legs and stopped her. “Don’t… Stop that. You’ll burn your feet.” He warned, but she was not listening and kept reaching toward the fireplace.
“Stop it!” He forced her feet together and pulled her away from the fireplace, causing her to roll onto her back. Then he quickly pulled his shirt open, tucked her feet under it, and held them still against his body. 
The heat of his body against the bottom of her feet was startling, painful even. Natir moaned and turned weakly from side to side. But the young guard only embraced harder and stopped her from pulling back. He held her, sharing his body warmth, until her moans and jolts of discomfort passed.
Slowly and steadily, her breathing calmed and her body ceased quivering…
Natir lay still under his gaze, breathing deeply and staring back at him silently.
She could feel his heartbeats through the soles of her feet, it was so clear, so strong and immaculate.  Nothing could have felt any more real at that moment. The slight shudder of his skin. The moistness of his body’s sweat. And the faint sonance of his breath, amassing in his lungs.
It was all just so perfect.
In that lone and soon-to-pass moment, Natir felt as if she could almost touch his heart, as if she had truly become one with this stranger whom she knew nothing about, not his name, not his clan, not his dreams, and not his life. 
Only his kindness.
Natir didn’t know why, but a simple word of thanks never parted her lips, and not even the smallest motion of gratitude. She was just . . . hollow, totally enthralled by the magic of that moment they shared together, so much so that not a single thought could echo in her mind.
Her body relaxed.
Her eyes fell shut, and she let herself drift on a stream of time flowing ever so slowly. And for an eternity, nothing but the vague crackle of the burning wood disturbed their peace.

*   *   *

 “—His name is Kindness. And he calms its rage.”
Chapter 14

NEWS


By fascination and by fear, Alediya was left oblivious of thoughts for a time, wholly captivated by the demonic eyes’ ever-changing gleam, as if she was staring into living fire.
All of a sudden, Alediya shirked with pain. She abruptly drew her hand to her chest and looked down to her side: She had laid her hand atop the oil lamp, and its flame licked her skin.
Shocked, she whipped her head around, staring everywhere like a mad woman.
The room was bathed with the light from oil lamps and candles. Hallstein was asleep on her bed. The spirit-man lay dead on the floor. And whomever Alediya had thought she was talking to in that corner just a heartbeat ago had vanished.
It had all happened in a blink of an eye. As if she were hallucinating, as if she were dreaming. And now, awake.
Alediya’s breaths huffed with terror as she slowly rose to her feet, eyes darting about, afraid to touch anything. After a pause, she summoned all the courage she had left and headed to the bed, one step at a time, and walked around the dead priest until she stood over Hallstein.
Several times she reached down with her hand, only to retract it. Finally, forcing herself, she reached out and grabbed Hallstein’s arm.
A great exhale escaped Alediya and the trembling in her hands slowly eased, owing to the pulse of human blood running through the veins of her beloved’s arm and the feel of Hallstein’s delicate, sweat coated skin.
Alediya crumbled to her knees and covered her face, not knowing what to do or think about what just happened.
She wondered if she was going mad.

*   *   *

Outside his house, the leader of the judge’s guards saddled his horse in a hurry, after loading two sacks with whatever valuables he could lay hands on.
A slave rushed out the door with an additional small sack, proffering it to his master as he was getting on his horse. “This one?”
“Yes,” the leader of Wilhelm’s guards said, taking the sack. “Now go back inside and shut the door.”
“Yes sir.”
“If anyone asks about me, tell them to find me at the eastern gate.”
“Yes sir.”
Once the slave had disappeared, the guards’ leader muttered, “The fuck if I stay in town after the Gracile hears about what happened.” He yelled to the horse and took off in the opposite direction from where he said he was going, racing to safety.

*   *   *

Wilhelm said aloud, practically yelling, “He calls himself Ardent the Thunder! The Thunder, can you believe that?!” He cracked a laugh. “Wait until he sees the army that you and Lord Valdes has prepared for him, he’ll be calling himself Ardent the Fart!”
“Wilhelm—” Alfred tried to interrupt.
“Oh, yes, yes, forgive me, I got carried away, it’s just so funny.” Wilhelm said, cracking another laugh. “Where was I? Oh, yes, I was telling you about this funny incident brought to my hall just the other day.”
“Perhaps some other time, right now—”
“Now hold on, hold on, my friend. Wait until you hear this: So, I was at my hall, and they brought in this streetwalker with breasts so huge you wouldn’t believe it. Honestly, she’s the type I would have gone for myself, but I was working. Anyway, they told me she scammed a man and didn’t provide him with service, so I asked her about it. She confessed the man who accused her paid her fifty denarius for a hand job! A hand job, can you believe that? So I asked, ‘Then why didn’t you?’ And she said, ‘Well, sire, I did what I could but it was so cold, his penis was probably hibernating.’” Wilhelm laughed, clapping his palm on his thigh. “You get it? It was so cold, there was nothing to grab!”
The judge went on and on, boring his audience to death as he stalled, waiting for news about Natir. Gumarich listened with his cheek glued to his fist. Alfred was getting frustrated. Even Bertwin and the two women surrounding him had lost their enthusiasm long ago and were glaring at the judge with bored, half-opened eyes.
Agatha huffed as Wilhelm began telling another one of his stories. She let her gaze wander around. Suddenly, she caught sight of something that washed away her boredom in an instant: under the dress of the woman lying against Bertwin’s chest was a thin dagger strapped to her thigh.
The woman noticed Agatha staring. She quickly veiled that part of her body.
Agatha frowned. She inspected the dancers and servants more carefully with her eyes. The women in the previous group were far more talented dancers than the ones who replaced them, and wherever Agatha looked, she recognized a hidden small knife, a pointy piece of metal, a string, and all sorts of easily concealable items that could be used as weapons.
Her heart raced. They were surrounded not by dancers, but killers under sirens’ skin.
The woman lying against Bertwin secretly signaled Juovan that she had been discovered. He nodded in return.
Gumarich noticed the interchange. He whispered, “Juovan. She’s an outsider.”
“It’s only a warning. It will be kept to the minimum,” Juovan whispered back. He turned his face and motioned to a woman who had been watching him, awaiting a command.
“Alfred,” Agatha whispered, leaning toward him, intending to warn him, but suddenly a woman appeared behind her, surrounding Agatha with her arms.
“Why the long face, love?” the woman murmured.
Another kneeled in front of Agatha, almost succeeding in positioning herself between Agatha’s legs. She ran her smooth palm along the full length of Agatha’s thigh. “Oh, what lovely, lovely skin you have. I don’t think I’ve got your name yet.”
“Why don’t you join us? Let’s dance together a little bit,” said the woman behind Agatha.
Agatha faked a smile. “I don’t dance.”
“Every woman dances.”
“We can teach you.”
“No, really, I don’t—” Startled, Agatha froze as she felt a blade pushed against her back.
“I insist,” the woman behind her whispered straight into her ear as she twisted the small blade in her hand, “come with us, oh please, don’t turn me down, please,” she finished the threat with a bite on Agatha’s earlobe.
“Go with them,” Alfred said. He turned his face to Agatha and mused, “Maybe you’ll learn something, and you can show me your new moves later.”
Her face tinged with dismay and disbelief, Agatha slowly rose off her seat.
“This way, love.”
“Come. It will be fun.”

*   *   *

The women led Agatha behind the nearby curtains, just out of the others’ sight.
Before Agatha could react, the two women drew out their weapons and surrounded her from either side. A third woman—who had been hiding within the folds of the loose purple curtains— revealed herself and pushed her body against Agatha’s from behind. Pulling Agatha’s head backward by her hair, she put a dagger to her throat.
“Let’s not cause any unnecessary trouble, shall we?” the third woman hissed.
“Easy now, you big slut, lest you harm yourself,” her friend murmured. With one hand, she pushed a thin iron spike against Agatha’s side so hard, it almost pierced her skin, while her other hand ran gently up and down between Agatha’s breasts, teasing her. “Shish! Your tits are huge. What have they been feeding you?”
“We only want to make sure the evening will go smoothly, and everyone will go home safe. Why make a big deal about it?”
The dagger rested so firmly on Agatha’s throat she could barely utter, “If you think you can threaten me—”
“Threaten you?” Snickering, the woman with the spike quickly lurched forth, pushing the spike beneath Agatha’s eye. “We’re not here to threaten you. We will kill you.”
With playful fingers, the woman traced an invisible line along Agatha’s cheek with her free hand. 
“So you noticed? Oh my, oh my. Good for you. But what difference does it make?” she whispered, breathing directly into Agatha’s face as she spoke, her palm now fondling Agatha’s breast. “Look around you.” Slow and steady, her hand snuck lower. “Look behind these curtains.” She pulled up Agatha’s shirt. “Behind that door.” She drew slow circles around Agatha’s belly button with her fingernail. “Behind these confines. Behind the high walls. And beyond, to as far as the might of Wenclas shall reach, and tell me, how many blades do you see—?”
She slid her hand underneath Agatha’s skirt from its top, toying with her nerves. 
“You’re in Gumarich’s house now. A guest. And guests must behave themselves. If not—”
The woman made a sudden twist with her hand, causing Agatha to throw her head back, lips glued together, eyes wide with pain and humiliation.
“I will make myself a new bracelet out of some fancy, blonde, fur!” With a ripping motion, she pulled her hand out of Agatha’s skirt in a flash and jumped a step backwards, a handful of hairs between her fingers.
One of the women quickly threw her hand over Agatha’s mouth, gagging her scream. She and the other woman fastened their grip tighter on Agatha’s limbs, silencing her revolt of pain.
The woman shook the hairs off her hand. “Well then. I guess that would be it for now.”
The other two let go of Agatha, who revolted and glared at the three women. 
“Go back to your seat,” said the woman, smiling sweetly as she raised her dress and slid her metal spike back onto its place on her thigh. “Enjoy the show. Quietly, if you please. And on the off chance you feel like having some innocence fun afterwards: ask for Liliana.” She winked. “I’ll be looking forward to it.”
Agatha groaned with rage and rushed back to Alfred, the women’s giggles resounding at her back.

*   *   *

The music and feminine laughter still hung in the air, and the judge was still telling his tales.
Agatha whispered as soon as she sat down, her eyes a frown of rage and worry, “Alfred. The dancers—”
“I’m disappointed you didn’t notice until now,” Alfred countered, not looking her way. “We did walk into someone else’s house after all.” He glanced at her, smiling with mockery. “What else did you think it means?”
“Your women are slow on the uptake, Alfred.” Bertwin joined the conversation in a low voice but sounded quite amused. He motioned at Agatha. “But at least I see some pretty strong legs on this one. Do they come in handy after a hard day’s work?”
“You have no idea,” Alfred mused, causing Agatha’s cheeks to redden as her rage boiled.
“As for myself,” Bertwin said, drawing the dancer on his lap closer and rubbing one hand up and down her hips while teasing her chin with the other. “I prefer petite, gentle flowers with pretty faces.”
The dancer faked a chuckle, “Do you?”
“Oh, absolutely.”
“Petite, gentle flowers like me?” She shook her hips over him.
“Exactly like you.” He said. The dancer’s smile slowly vanished as Bertwin’s hand traced down her body, reaching for her leg. “Especially thorny flowers—”
The dancer quickly put her hand atop his, faking playfulness while trying to stop him from reaching under her dress. But there was next to nothing her little palm could do to resist a man’s. 
“You see, I’m a very, very passionate man—”
Her eyes, dismayed, were on his face as his hand snuck under the fabric.
“And I love nothing more than the look they have in their eyes . . .” he said, as the dancer desperately grabbed at his hand over the dress, trying to restrain its motion, “. . . when I pluck their cute little thorns off.”
Bertwin took the small dagger she had hidden on her thigh and smirked as he secretly showed it to her in the palm of his hand before putting it in his shirt.
Alfred motioned at Bertwin with his cup, “Well, to each his own.”
The dancer tried to jump off Bertwin, but his grip fastened on her upper arm before she could make her escape.
“Where to, little flower?” he teased.
No longer able to fake merriness, the dancer looked at Juovan but he pretended not to see her. Her face darted from one of her friends to another, silently begging for a rescue, but receiving only smiles of mockery, and seeing only laughter in their eyes.
Shocked, her heart filled with terror as she realized too late she was being sacrificed to appease the important guest. The very same man whom she had been told to keep a dagger to his throat. She knew that unless something changed quickly, they would soon wash their hands of her. 
She looked down to see Bertwin had fastened his grip around her wrist.
“You’re not leaving my side tonight.”
Betrayed. Abandoned. And not knowing how to escape the pit she had unwittingly volunteered to step into, the woman’s chest heaved. She begged, panic in her voice, speaking under her breath, “Sir, please, I was only doing my duty.”
“Hush now. We’ll talk more later.” He patted her cheek and chuckled, “Don’t worry. What are you afraid of?”
Terrified, the woman didn’t show an ounce of resistance when Bertwin slowly drew her head to his shoulder. She shut her eyes, praying silently, warming the skin of his neck with her stifled whimpers as he placed her little hand on his center, showing her how he desired to be touched right now. She slowly rubbed her hand over the fabric, against his groin, pleasuring him.
“Good flower,” he groaned with joy and kissed her head. “Don’t you worry, I promise, everything will be all right.”
Bertwin motioned toward the judge and whispered to Alfred. “Will no one tell that boring fat boar to shut his mouth already? He’s giving me a headache.”
Alfred shrugged and whispered back, “I didn’t realize he was still talking until you mentioned it.”
“Wilhelm.” Gumarich, glaring, raised his voice. Clearly he was at his wits’ end with Wilhelm, too. “Where is your man?”
The judge stammered, “Wh, h-he’s on his way, on his way, my lord. He’s bringing the woman now and will be here at any moment.”
“On his way from where…? Any man would have made it to the far end of Wenclas and back, twice, by now.”
“Well, uh, what can I say? Maybe they stopped to, uh, buy a dress, yes, a dress or something. I mean, hah, you know how women are. They always want to be properly presentable especially when summoned before an elite of all elites such as yourself, my lord, and, um, not that I’m saying that’s what’s keeping them, I mean, I’m not with them, obviously, so I don’t know, I’m only guessing. But, why the unnecessary worry? We’ll soon find out for ourselves: The absentee holds his excuse with him, right?” he laughed. “Isn’t that’s what they say? It’s a wonderful, wonderful proverb. Words of wisdom. Words of wisdom, indeed. There’s actually a very funny story behind it. Let me tell it. You see, there was this man who—”
“Wilhelm,” Gumarich countered, unentertained.
At his lord’s tone, Juovan signaled the musicians to stop playing their instruments. The hall went quiet almost instantly and the dancers retreated to stand by the walls.
Gumarich eyed the judge. “My guests are waiting.”
“My lord, I—”
“And while I’m sure we were all very entertained by your tales, I couldn’t help but notice that we are yet to hear you mention the woman with a single word. Now, why is that?”
The judge swallowed.
Gumarich leaned forward. “Is there’s something you want to tell me?”
Heart beating out of his chest, the judge said, “My, my lord. My great lord, you see, the thing is, what happened was … it appears there might have been … a small mix up.”
Alfred leaned forward, frowning.
“Mix up?” Gumarich asked.
“I’m not, I’m not sure. It could be nothing. It’s just something I only became aware of a short while ago. I mean—”
Juovan hammered his fist into a pillar and raged, “My lord asked you a question. Where is this woman named Natir? ANSWER!”
Wilhelm hopped on his seat with fear. He said, panting, “I, I, I only intended to allow her a good night’s rest, I swear. She looked tired, and that was my sole intention. I ordered my guards to take her somewhere where she could rest and sleep but, but, but, someone, I don’t know who, someone misinterpreted my words and …”
“And?” Juovan asked.
The judge swallowed so hard he looked as if he had forced a rock down his throat. “She was. By accident. She was. Sent to the Dog-Cage. By accident.”
The news landed on the small gathering like lightning. Wide-eyed, faces darkened, shock and disbelief, everyone lost their voices for a chilling pause.
Gumarich was the first to react. Avoiding a disaster, he signaled Juovan with his eyes before Alfred or any of the guests could jump out of their seats.
“Seize him!” Juovan shouted.
Immediately, at Juovan’s order, two guards drew their swords and jumped Wilhelm from either side. They held him down on his seat by his shoulders and held their swords to his throat, as all the other guards in the room drew their weapons. The guards outside rushed into the hall, hands on their swords, ready to charge, but not moving in just yet. And every beautiful assassin’s slender fingers were an inch short of their concealed weapon.
Alfred and Bertwin’s men were tense on their seats, eyes shifting from one side of the room to the other, ready for action.
Suddenly, the tension became so thick, you could smell blood in the air.
Wilhelm panicked. “No! I swear I had nothing to do with it!” He went quiet and as pale as snow as the Gracile slowly got off his seat, prompting every eye in the room to turn to him.
“Wilhelm…” Gumarich hissed, “recite the last order I gave you.”
“My lord. I’m, I’m, I’m your humble servant.”
“Recite it!”
Shaking with terror from head to toe, Wilhelm said, “No, no outsiders shall be, harmed . . .” he swallowed, “. . . within the walls of Wenclas. Until further order. No matter what they do.”
Gumarich moved down the steps at the foot of his throne, slowly drawing a golden-handled dagger from his side.
“That order was given to you only last night. By no one other than myself, wasn’t it?”
“Y-y-y-yes . . . my, my lord? Please. Please.”
Gumarich raged, “Yet, you’ve already BETRAYED MY WILL!”
“Show me the body!” Alfred shouted, his voice even greater than the judge’s scream of panic, which caused Gumarich to halt before he slit the judge’s throat. He glanced at Alfred over his shoulder.
Alfred hissed, his voice tinged with rage, “You tell me that she died in one of your stupid games? Fine. But before you kill the man who said he was the last to see her, you will show me her body.”
Wilhelm quickly embraced the chance. He shouted, “Yes! Yes! Exactly! I’m-I’m the last who had seen her, it-it might not even be her about whom we speak. Natir is such a common name. Why, I must have had twenty Natirs brought to my court last fortnight alone. It could be someone else and this whole thing is a misunderstanding—”
“Silence!” Gumarich shouted at the judge.
Bertwin leaned towards his man and whispered, “Why is it that I hear the woman is dead? What are Hagen and Vadim doing? I’ll stall and deescalate the situation here. You go scout for news and return to me, quickly.”
Gumarich sheathed his dagger and turned towards Alfred. “Very well. As you wish, my friend. So long as you keep in mind that should the death of your woman be confirmed: I have nothing to do with her murder.”
Alfred said, still unable to control his rage, “Should her death be confirmed, then we will have much to talk about.”
“And one more thing,” said Gumarich. “I will come with you to the Dog-Cage, myself.”
“I must be missing something,” Bertwin said, as all eyes turned to him. “What is this Dog-Cage he mentioned?”
Chapter 15

Unwelcome Reunion


A guard entered the room where Natir and the young guard were. He was humming a tune and he held an empty cup and a bowl in his hands. Surprised, he stopped near the door and turned his face between Natir and the young man. 
“What’s going on in here?”
Natir, lain on her back, inhaled a deep breath and held up her chained arms to cover her face. The young guard let go of her legs and stood up, fixing his shirt.
“She was feeling cold.”
The guard set his load aside and approached them. “And you were warming her feet for her, or something? Do you have any idea what kind of an idiot you made yourself look? That’s a prisoner. A woman. Curses, she’s a slave! What is wrong with you?” he lectured, but all the young guard responded with a shrug of his shoulders. “One of those moments?” the guard added, shaking his head.
“It just happened.”
“Well, don’t tell anyone else about this or they’ll make fun of you. Can she walk?”
The young guard turned to Natir. “Can you walk?”
Natir nodded.
The newly arrived guard removed the rope from around her neck, and helped her up, “Then it’s time to walk. Let’s go.”
“We can let her warm up in here for a little longer,” suggested the young guard.
“No need.” He led Natir away. “Plenty of warmth inside.”

*   *   *

As the numbness passed and Natir regained feeling in her feet, she realized how much she was hurting. Pain kissed her feet every step of the way as she was led down dark stairs.
At the foot of the stairs, Natir saw a cavity in the wall with a mattress, an oil lamp, a loaf of bread, and some clothes and necessities. It looked like the place where this guard slept. Right next to it there was a wooden door, which opened up to a small space about fifteen-feet wide. 
The space was too small to be called a room, yet too big to serve as a corridor, though it led to another door at the opposite end. There were two holding cells constructed from bricks in the form of an arch, on either side of it. 
The cells looked much like those from the Dog-Cage, only larger; there was only one torch left burning inside, which made it hard to see.
Natir thought she heard a guttural sound coming from one of the cells. It sounded like a human grunt, but she could not tell for sure if the shadow she saw moving inside the cell was that of a human, or a monster.
Whatever it was, it was huge and far from normal. The mere sight of it caused her skin to crawl.
The guard opened the barred-door of the opposite cell. He removed the cuffs from Natir’s hands and placed a single metal cuff on her wrist, which was attached by a chain to the wall. Then he closed the door.
“There’s food inside, the two of you can share.”
“Share?” she muttered, her voice almost inaudible and her eyes stealing confused looks at the cell opposite hers, to which she thought the guard had referred.
As soon as the guard closed the wooden door and left, a clang came from deep within the cell Natir was in. Startled, she spun on her heel towards the dark, realizing she was not alone behind these bars.
“I smell a woman,” a creepy voice snickered.
“A woman?” An incredibly deep voice came from the other cell. It was even more alarming than the first one and caused Natir to cast a terrified look over her shoulder at the other cell.
“Too bad for you, Burno, this one ended up with me.”
Just as fast, Natir’s face darted towards the dark of her cell again and she heard bare footsteps slowly approaching her.
“Let’s have a closer look—”
Her body instinctively retreated backwards until the cell’s bars were at her back.
“Depending on how attractive you are, I might show you some love.”
The fear on her face was swiftly replaced with bemusement. The voice sounded very familiar, and something about the small dark figure approaching her felt familiar as well. Natir frowned and focused her eyes at him.
A moment later, the man stepped onto the torchlight, and they both froze with utter shock.
“YOU!” They yelled in unison, pointing their forefingers at one another.
He swiftly made his escape while Natir, who had forgotten all about her tiredness and pain in that moment of overwhelming rage, charged after him like an enraged boar.
“Get back here, you little piece of—Wagh!” She yelped, feeling the floor vanish from underneath her as she was yanked into the air by the chain on in wrist, and fell backwards.
The creepy voice belonged to none other than the little old man who had stolen her comb. He laughed his heart out, “You idiot. Still an idiot!”
Half lying on the floor, Natir pulled and shook and yanked the bronze surrounding her wrist like a mad woman, trying to free herself to go after him, “You just, you just wait right there, I’m going to kill you, just take a step closer, I’LL BREAK YOUR FUCKING NECK AND THEN I’LL KILL YOU.”
“I’m right here, show me what you’re going to do,” he taunted, dancing within inches of her reach. “Huh? Come on, here I am, sweet-dripping cunt, show me.”
“You filth!” Natir shot her leg at him but she could not reach him.
“Ha! Missed me. Try again, bitch, try again.” He toyed with her, jumping closer but retreating quickly when Natir, groaning, shot her leg at him.
His laughter and mockery were driving her mad. “Fucking dog, filth! Good for nothing, knee-height, Karzelek-of-a-man!” Her gaze darted left and right, seeking something she could use. She snatched a little stone off the floor and threw it at him.
“Hey!” He docked and covered his face.
“Wait until I get my hands on you!” She found another stone, and another and threw it at him. “Vodianoi, pig, animal, disease-face!”
“Hey, stop that. Stop!” Enraged, he dropped on the floor as well. “Dumb bitch. Two can play that game! Two can, two can play that game!”
Both of them were down on the floor, yelling curses nonstop and sweeping the floor with their hands looking for dirt, straws, small stones, and whatever they could lay hands on to throw at one another.
Natir, totally out of her mind, jumped to her feet, threw a stone and yelled, “You rotten old pig. Kin of shit. I’ll be cursed if I breathe the same air you do!” She ran to the door and yelled, “Guard! Guard!”
The old man called out with worry, “Hey? Hey, what are you doing?”
“Guard!”
“Stop it. You’ll get us both whipped!”
Natir spun towards him, “I’ll take ten whips for every one you get, and call it a happy day, you fuck!” She clung to the bars again and yelled even louder, “Guard, guard!”
“Stop, I said. These men won’t get the joke. They’ll beat us. STOP! Have you gone mad?”
“GUARD!”
The old man quickly retreated into the dark of the cell when he heard the door open. The guard came running, brandishing a metal rod in his hand. “What’s all this noise? WHAT?”
“Get me out of here!” Natir blurted out, talking as fast as a crazy person. “Get me out! I’m not staying here a moment longer, get me out of here now.”
“Get you out, where?”
“To the other cell. Anywhere. I don’t care. I’m not staying with this creep.”
The old man raised his voice, “You can’t go there!”
“Woman, are you insane? I can’t put you in the other cell, Burno is in there.”
“Yes, great, I’ll take Burno. Get me out, now!”
The old man yelled, “You’re going to choose Burno over me? Seriously?”
“I’m not going to let you out to—”
“GET ME OUT OF HERE, I SAID!” Natir raged, shaking the door.
The guard suddenly hammered the bars with the metal rod, silencing Natir and making her snap out of her madness.
“Shut up and listen to me, woman,” The guard said with rage and impatience. “Pay attention to the words coming out of my mouth: I will not put you in the other cell not even if you begged me for it. That’s Burno in there. A stone-cold killer.”
Making a stubborn stand, Natir raised her voice with defiance. “I don’t care, I’ll take him.”
“What,tut, are you deaf? I’ve just told you there’s a killer in there. It took eight men just to bring him down.”
“And unlike this filth you locked me up with, he could be innocent for all I know.”
“He confessed!”
“So what? Who did he kill? Didn’t you see what it’s like out there? He was only defending himself.”
“It was a priestess. He stabbed her in the back!”
“Then she must have said something that angered him.”
“He was trying out his new knife!”
“If any of that was true—”
“IT’S ALL TRUE! Tens of witnesses saw it!” The guard shouted, out of his mind, then leaned his face at her and hissed, “Woman, the last thing I need is another prisoner dying on me, which is exactly what’s going to happen to you the moment I open that door. Do you understand what I’m saying? That, is, Burno. He hunted a boar with his bare hands and ate its meat raw. He’s got so much blood on his hands, it will drench your clothes red just to hear tell of it. The only reason he’s still here is because he’s too big to pass through the pit’s hole, so they’re bringing someone to cut off some of pit hole’s bars, just for him.”
Natir froze; it took her a moment to process everything he told her.
“Yes, okay, okay, I understand . . . ” she said, far more calmly, “I’ll take Burno.”
“SIT DOWN AND BE QUIET!” The guard hammered the bars with the metal rod again, so hard that Natir shut her eyes and raised her arms for cover.
The guard shook his head as he headed back to where he came from, and cursed, “Rats! Only three people, and they still can’t get along… Make me come in here again and I’ll beat you senseless, you got that?”
Natir slowly dropped to her knees, then swirled around. She sat with her back to the bars and covered her face with her hands.
“Easy now,” the old man said as he headed deeper into the cell. “All this yelling and fighting over a small comb? What is wrong with women nowadays?”
Natir dropped her hand to her side, hoping for a stone, but she didn’t find any. She hugged her knees, buried her face in her arms, and said in a crying voice, “You … shut up.”
He lay on his side, relaxing, with his elbow to the bale and his head resting over his hand. “Take it easy, I said. Don’t you have bigger problems to worry about…? What’s your name, by the way…? Come on now, the least you can do is tell me your name.”
“Shut up,” she whined, “I can’t stand hearing your voice, so just shut up.”
“Well it’s not like we can keep calling each other you. It will be awkward.”
“Please shut up.” 
“My name is Vitlaz, Vitlaz the Tulingi. Now it’s your turn. Come on now, little fire, open up a little and introduce yourself.”
“I’m not giving my name to someone like you.”
“So sensitive,” Vitlaz said while poking his ear with his free hand. “That’s fine, but what I’m really wondering about is how did you end up here in the first place?”
“It’s all because of you.”
“Me?”
“Just shut up. Let the whole world shut up. I don’t want to talk to you. I don’t want to talk to anyone.”
“Well, you don’t accuse a man of something, and then tell him to shut up about it. So I borrowed your comb, big deal. What does that have to do with you ending up in the pits?”
She sniffled, raised her face, wiped her runny nose with the back of her hand, and said with bitterness, “This was supposed to be my night. I had the chance to fix everything. Everything. But now it’s ruined, and it’s all because of what you did.”
“Sounds like women’s nonsense to me,” Vitlaz said, pulling his finger out of his ear and blowing on it. Then he leaned forward and grinned. “But I’ll be lying if I said I’m not interested.”
Chapter 16

Missing


Surprised by Gumarich’s arrival at their post, the few remaining men at the Dog-Cage were on their toes. They scrambled to fire the torches in the corridor—now swarming with Gumarich’s men—and show Gumarich and his guests the way.
With death looming in his eyes, Wilhelm took the chance when he saw one of the Dog-Cage’s guards, in semi-isolation from the rest, placing a torch on the wall. Wilhelm approached the guard quickly and asked under his breath, “Where’s my guards’ leader?”
Puzzled, the guard—whom Natir had kicked in the groin—asked, “Who?”
“The leader of my guards, have you not seen him?”
“No.”
Panicked, Wilhelm grabbed the guard’s hand. “What do you mean no? He must have come here.”
“Sire, I know who you’re talking about. I haven’t seen him, and I’ve been here all day. He sent a messenger a while back whom we told the games were over, and the messenger left.”
Wilhelm’s face darkened. “He’s not here? He never came here? WHERE IS HE THEN? WHERE?”
“Wilhelm.” Gumarich called, looking over his shoulder.
Two of Gumarich’s men came closer, their eyes nailed to the judge and their hands on the handles of their swords.
“Yes, yes, I’m right behind you, my lord,” Wilhelm said. He looked left and right, then followed Gumarich, whining with fear and unaware that he was dragging along the guard whose wrist he still held.
A guard opened the room where the slaves’ bodies were kept, informing, “This is where we keep them.”
Some of Gumarich’s men immediately walked inside. Gumarich, covering his nose, was about to enter when Juovan intercepted him.
“This is far enough.” Juovan deliberately spoke aloud. “My lord’s courtesy and goodwill to our guests is fulfilled. Now, I must insist that you do not step into such a filthy place. I’ll go inside with the rest and have a look.”
“Out of my way, Juovan.”
“My lord, please.”
Gumarich pushed Juovan out of his way and stepped into the small room, now crowded with his men —Alfred, Bertwin and the dancer he forced to come along, Juovan, Wilhelm and the rest.
Gumarich looked left and right at the corpses lying over the floor, now wrapped and ready to be taken away, then nodded at Alfred.
With Gumarich’s approval, Alfred went from one body to the next, revealing the faces of the dead; each sheet he moves sends Wilhelm to his toes. After uncovering the final body, Alfred sent his confused gaze around the room, settling his eyes on Wilhelm, who looked just as puzzled for he, too, knew what Natir looked like.
“Well?” Gumarich asked.
“She’s not here,” Alfred said.
“Not here?” Gumarich echoed. He looked at Wilhelm, “What does this mean?”
Juovan raised his voice, “Is this all of them?”
“Yes, sir,” answered a guard.
Juovan insisted, “Are you sure we are not missing anyone? Did you move out any bodies?”
“No. The carts we use have not arrived. We haven’t yet started clearing the place.”
“Then where is she?”
The guard answered, “Sir, and, my lord, if I may ask, who are you looking for?”
Juovan said, “The woman called Natir.”
The guard was taken aback. “I don’t know any of their names.”
Alfred faced the guard and explained, slowly, “We’re looking for a woman with short brown hair and a braid to the side. She’s about this height, and has a golden paint—”
A man’s voice rose from the opposite side of the room. “Oh, that woman!”
Everyone turned to the guard Wilhelm had dragged along. Wilhelm looked at the man in shock, having only just noticed he was holding the man’s wrist.
“You won’t find her here. She lives.”
“She lives?” Wilhelm snapped. He grabbed the guard by his clothing with both hands, shaking him and yelling, “She’s alive?! Are you sure it’s her?”
Overtaken by awkwardness, the guard answered, “Yes, I’m absolutely sure. I had a very good look at her. She has the braid, the brown hair, and the Breuci art on her side.”
“She’s alive?” Alfred asked.
“A woman survived the Dog-Cage?” Gumarich hissed. “How did this happen?”
The guard explained, trying to look back at Gumarich from over the judge’s shoulder. “Well, my lord, what happened was that one of the dogs died and—”
“THE GODS!” Wilhelm bellowed, walking to the center of the room with open palms raised high for all to see. “The gods intervened and spared her life to stay my good hands and prove me innocent. For all the good I have done. For the righteousness I so heartfully serve. For the veracity rooted in my heart—”
“Well then, where is she?” Gumarich shouted.
Wilhelm said, filled with joy, “Alive, alive and in trustworthy hands, my good lord. Alive and well, not a hair on her head harmed. This man. This…” He hurried to wrap his arm around the guard’s shoulder, “This good and righteous man, the new leader of my guards,” he said, causing the guard’s eyes to widen with shock, “he will take us to her. Answer our lord, my good man. Tell us where she rests the night. Go on, answer.”
“In, in the holding cells. Two of us took her there.”

*   *   *

Entering the Dog-Cage’s holding cells, Gumarich’s men rushed in, opening the doors and searching the cells with their torches.
When Gumarich and his guests soon followed, one of his men announced, “There is no one here.”
Alfred walked to the end of the room, staring into every cell, before he spun on his heel to look at Gumarich, raised his arms and let them drop to his sides as if silently asking what is this?
Gumarich, and every eye in the room, turned with awkward silence to the guard who had guided them here.
He said, sweating, “She was here, they brought her back here, I know they did… Someone must have moved her somewhere else. But she’s alive. I’m sure of it.”
Chapter 17

PACT


“That was Agnarr?” Vitlaz yelped, his eyes wide with shock, “You don’t mean the real Agnarr, do you? Agnarr the Abarathy?”
Natir raised an eyebrow, “You didn’t know?”
“Fuuuck!” Vitlaz cursed, half-talking to Natir, half-talking to himself. “I swear, I knew something didn’t feel right. But this? This is too much. I surely didn’t see this one coming. Shit. No, really, this is shit! Wait until my friends hear about this.”
“How could you not know? He had my comb! The comb you stole from me, you rat.”
“Well, it’s not like I had a talk with the man or anything,” he explained, lying on his side and scratching his butt. “I just saw some idiot walk nearby with his fat pouch exposed on the front of his belt for the whole world to see…”
Natir’s hand flew to cover her face with disgust when she saw him remove his hand from his behind and sniff it. “Oh, gross,” she muttered to herself.
He continued nonstop. “Naturally, I took a chance at it. The next thing I knew, I was in so much pain I couldn’t remember my own name when the guards questioned me. Had they not interfered in time, I don’t think I’d still be in this world. He gave me this black eye. Look, look, it still hurts like shit.”
“Good!” she barked. “I wish the two of you had killed each other.”
“As if I would stand a chance,” Vitlaz said, and stretched onto his back, his hands clasped behind his head. “Agnarr the Abarathy… Shit, I thought I had run out of luck tonight, but I can see now how lucky I am just to be alive.” He looked at her. “So, you saw your comb on him, caused some trouble, got your share of his fists, and ended up here. Is that what happened? That’s where you got those bruises?”
Natir didn’t feel like sharing any more of what had happened to her that night, in a conversation she was forced to have in the first place, with someone she detested.
“Yes.” She let him go with his assumption. “More or less.”
“That was stupid, you should’ve known who you were messing with.”
“You should talk.”
“Still, even if it’s someone as renowned as Agnarr, I can’t imagine them throwing you down here just for that. Why didn’t they take you to one of the keeps?”
“They did,” she said, “but it was very crowded, and then I got into trouble with someone who falsely accused me of stabbing her.”
“Oh, you cast an unlucky dice? It makes sense now. Yes, doing that kind of thing will send you here for sure. You see, the guards can get punished if someone dies under their watch, so they’re very strict.”
“And what about you?” she countered, “What unlucky dice did you cast?”
“None.” He chuckled, “I’m a regular. The bastards didn’t even bother take me to a keep. They know no one will pay to get me out, and the Judge is sick and tired of seeing my face. So, they saved themselves the trouble and sent me straight down here.”
“Down here?” Natir echoed as she looked around. “The other keep I was at was very crowded. Why is this one empty? Vitlaz, what is this place?” He cracked a laugh, prompting Natir to ask again, “What?”
“You don’t know where you are, do you?”
“Everything in this place is strange to me, and I only arrived at sunset. Will you answer me or not?”
“Sure.” He got up with a renewed burst of energy and approached Natir, but he stopped halfway to ask, “Just to be clear, you’re not going to go crazy on me again, are you?”
She rolled her eyes. “Just tell me.”
Vitlaz came closer and crouched down on his toes in front of her. His foul body odor slapped Natir’s nose stronger than a heap of wet garbage, causing her to frown and turn her face away as best she could.
He motioned with his head, “You see that torch behind you?”
Natir glanced over her shoulder, “Yes?”
“That’s exactly what this place is.”
“I don’t understand.”
“One torch.” He grinned with malice, “One night. One hope. And one last chance. That’s what separates us from what’s behind that door.”
She looked at the big door on the opposite side of the entrance.
Vitlaz resumed, “Those who exhaust their time at the keeps are sent here, where they get to spend one last night in this, this, chamber-of-last-hope, if I may call it so. They cry, and they shiver, and they pray all night long that someone out there will feel sorry for them, pay for what they did, and get them out of here before it’s too late. Because by the first light of dawn, a different kind of guard takes over this rotten hole—men far different from the nice ones you’ve seen. And they have but one job: to lead everyone who’s left in these cells through that door.”
His eerie tone struck in a nerve in his listener. Natir asked, “What’s behind that door?”
“What’s behind it is exactly what this place is called: The pits. Nice, dark pits that go deep, deep into the earth. No one knows how deep they are. No one knows what’s in them for no one has ever came back to tell. You will see the victims thrown into the belly of the pits one by one, you will hear them scream, and then there will be nothing but silence. They will be seen never gain, and the good people of this world will be troubled by their foul acts no more. So, let me ask you, sweet young woman, what do you think is waiting for us in there? What happened to all the people they threw down there? Are they all dead, or are some of them still alive? And if so, which is worse… Open up to your imagination, don’t be shy.”
Her chest heaved with anxiety. “It’s a death sentence.”
“If we’re lucky.” He snickered.
Vitlaz motioned towards the other cell. “Our good friend Burno has been here for three days now. That’s the looongest anyone had ever spent behind these bars. Well, I guess you could say that he has his circumstances. But don’t you worry, his time will soon run out just like everyone else.” The old man pulled back a little and tilted his head from side to side, examining Natir’s figure with his lewd eyes, and smirked. “But we don’t have that kind of problem, you and I, do we? No, we’ll fit into the mouth of the pit nicely. Both of us together.”
She paused, panting for air and staring right back at him. “You’re lying to me.” 
“Am I?”
“You’re lying. You’re trying to mess with me. If what you said is true, how can you be so calm—?”
At the tip of her words, Natir noticed something. Her eyes darted to her wrist and back at him again.
She frowned, and her voice grew stronger, “Why aren’t you in chains?”
“Aren’t you talkative for someone who wanted the world to shut up?”
“Answer me.”
“What, do you really want them to put this skinny, poor old man in chains? How cruel. What do tough young men like them have to worry about from someone as fragile as me? They gave me a pass.”
Natir wasn’t buying it. “Is that why you escaped into the dark when the guard showed up? You didn’t want him to see your pass?”
Vitlaz suppressed a laugh. “My, oh my, how I’ve come to love those eyes.” He got up slowly and retreated back to his place. “But, let us not get ahead of ourselves. You should really be asking yourself right now if someone out there will bother to rescue you, or were you discarded like trash?”
Natir grimaced. “Unlike you, I have someone who cares.”
Lying on his side, he poked his nose, “Do you now?”
“I do. Alfred must be looking for me right now.”
“Alfred?”
“Earl of the Toic.”
“Oh! A lover and an earl. How splendid. Well then, I guess you’ll be fine, and you’ve got nothing to worry about. Just sit tight and wait.” He turned the other way around as if to sleep. “There. Talk to you in the morning.”
Her eyes stared daggers at his back.
“I can tell you’re staring,” he sang after a little pause. “What’s the matter? You sounded so confidant a moment ago.”
“I am.”
“Then go to sleep.”
After another pause of silence, Vitlaz turned around. “No one is coming for you, are they?”
Natir said under her breath, “He will. I know he will… It’s just that… If he knows where I am . . .”
“You think he even noticed you were gone?” Vitlaz said with sarcasm. Natir didn’t respond. “What am I saying? Of course, he must have. Don’t you worry, sweet-dripping cunt who Alfred can’t live without, I’m sure he’s out there in the cold looking for you right now. I mean, it’s not like he could be sleeping with another woman in his arms as we speak, could he?”
Provoked, Natir ripped him to shreds with her eyes. Yet the older man was unbothered.
“Right?” He dared her with a hideous grin.
Natir looked away, feeling an ache clawing at her heart.
“Is she a cheap streetwalker, I wonder?” he snickered, “An old lover perhaps?” Natir shut her eyes with bitterness. “Or some charming dancer? Oh yes, you don’t think they rely on dancing for a living, do you? Nooo, they’ve got more private dances to sell. Oh, what magnificent women they are. True artists. Charming men left and right with their long black curly hair, their brimful chests, and their soft long legs. What man would waste the chance of burying his cock in such alluring company, suck on the warm flesh of their tits and hear their moans and fake words of love vibrating in his ear all night? Why, I would’ve gone for one myself, but then again, I’m no earl, and they do prefer men of certain value, if you know what I mean. They’re really good at snagging them to their beds.”
Natir hugged her knees and continued to look away.
It was all too clear what he was trying to do, yet she could not help but feel hurt by his ugly words. The mockery and the mental images he drew in her mind got the best of Natir, pushing her to the edge of self-pity, taunting her mouth with the bitter taste of failure as a woman.
Vitlaz exhaled and rose up lazily from where he lay. “There are no windows here. But I don’t need one to tell dawn is approaching, much faster than is your earl, if I dare to guess. I wonder what could be slowing him down? No, wait, wait a second,” he said, his tone turning sly. “Do I remember you saying something earlier about the Toic leaving in the morning? What was that about, a rumor perhaps? Or did you mean they’re leaving without their earl, you know, your lover?”
Met with silence, he moved toward Natir and leaned in close. “Losing hope in your man already?”
“Go fuck yourself,” she said, but her voice lacked strength.
“Still so crude? I like that. Had it been any other woman in your position, her eyes would be speaking to me with tears by now.”
“I know what you’re trying to do, and my mind was already inline with yours before you said any of that,” she said, broken, and refusing to meet his face. “But did you have to try persuade me in such an ugly way? You disgust me… animal.”
“Don’t be like that,” he said, but again she didn’t respond, so he held her chin and gently made her turn her face to him. “There are many keys for hope.” He took her hand and, right before Natir’s stunned gaze, placed a key in the palm of her hand and winked. “Who would notice if one of them had gone missing?”
Wide-eyed, Natir looked up at him, breathless with disbelief.
Vitlaz leaned toward her and whispered, “It’s time to keep our voices down.” he motioned towards the other cell.
Natir got the hint. She glanced over her shoulder at the opposite cell, and then she worked on her chain, careful not to make a sound.
“I was going to do this alone,” Vitlaz whispered, “but you will make it easier.”
She unchained her wrist and looked at the key in her palm. It was dirty and, for some reason, covered with moist silt. She gave it back to him.
“Now what?” she whispered back.
Vitlaz took a few steps backwards and stood in the dark, just at the edge of the torchlight, with his arm to the wall. Then, to Natir’s surprise, he pulled one of the bricks halfway out of the wall, just enough for Natir to see it, then pushed it back in. Then he held up the key, hinting he had used it to dig that brick free.
“Are you a thief or a fox?” she asked.
Vitlaz brought his face into the light and smirked, “You didn’t think I was just lying here, holding my cock in my hand all night, did you? So, now…” He extended his hand to her.
Her expression soured.
“What’s the matter? Getting cold feet already?”
She motioned at his hand. “That’s the hand with which you were scratching your ass a moment ago.”
He looked at the palm of his hand, licked it, wiped it on his clothes, and again extended it toward Natir who had turned her face away with disgust when she saw what he was doing.
Natir hesitated for a moment, then slapped the palm of her hand onto his and shook it.
“My name is Natir,” she said, strongly, “And I will trust you this one time and one time only.”
“Excellent,” he hissed.
As soon as he turned away, Natir wiped her hand on the wall. “Tell me when,” she said.
“We strike at the ninth hour.”
Natir was confused. “What, nine? There is no ninth hour.”
Vitlaz snickered, “No?”
“No, I think, no,” she stuttered with uncertainty but, suspecting he was playing her for his amusement, stood by her answer and said more affirmative, “Say what you want, but I know there are but the eight hours of a day: the hour of dawn, the hour of morning, midday, evening, dusk, night, midnight, and the hour of dreams.”
Vitlaz patiently let her finish while smiling and nodding his head with sarcasm.
“Ah, true,” he said, waving his forefinger, “but you are forgetting the most important hour of the day.”
“And what hour would that be?”
Vitlaz returned to her and said in a chilling tone, “The hour of do or die. And it lives, right, here.” He slowly slid his hand behind Natir’s neck, and then jerked her head down hard. “Always here,” he hissed, his putrid breath an inch from her face. “In the shadows. Just a grain beyond the corner of your eye where you cannot see it. Ever breathing down your neck, ready to slit your throat in your moment of obliviousness.”
Natir frowned and pushed away his hand, “Tell me your plan, poet.”
“I will, but first things first.” Vitlaz winked and whispered with malice, “How well can you sing?”
Chapter 18

CREEP


Two of Leos’s men waited in the marketplace in front of one of the keeps. When, at last, the third man showed up, one of the two said, “If you’re empty-handed, then the bastard has lied to us.”
“No, he didn’t,” replied the man who had just arrived. “But I do bring bad news.”
“Did you find her?”
“Yes and no. She was indeed taken to the keep I checked, but they sent her to the pits soon afterward.”
One man looked up to the sky and back at him. “There’s plenty enough time before they clear the pits. How is that a bad news? We now know where she is.”
“The bad news is, you wouldn’t believe who was asking about the woman: Wenclas’s bodyguard.”
The news took the other two by surprise.
“Why?”
“I don’t know. And he wasn’t alone. I counted five men with him.”
The other man asked, “Are you sure he’s after the same woman?”
“I’m confidant. He was already there when I arrived. I stood nearby and listened. The guards didn’t have a name for her, but their description fit her perfectly. It can’t be a coincidence. He’s on his way to the pits now to get her.”
“Then we need to be faster and get to her before he does.”

*   *   *

Over the silent walls, her voice rang out in a song as ancient as the earth and sky.
At someone’s roof a dove is sitting,
and it is cooing and asking for our Morana.
Natir’s performance was terrible and for Vitlaz, who was hoping for something else entirely, it was unbearable, “Natir…?”
We won’t give her until the Easter day,
she will be wed in violet wreath.
“Natir, will you please stop?”
“What?” She grimaced with impatience.
“I think we are done with the singing.”
“You made me!”
He hissed, “That was before I realized the ‘Meadows of Veles’ is the only song you know! And your rendition of it was horrible, you know that? Horrible. If I were you, I’d bite off my tongue and apologize to Morana in the afterlife. Was that really the best you can do?”
Feeling offended, Natir hissed back, “Well, excuse me for not having a life worth singing for every day. Yes, that is the only one I know.”
“Horrible,” Burno commented from within his cell, causing both Vitlaz and Natir to turn to him.
“Rats, he’s awake,” Vitlaz whispered.
“And how is my singing is supposed to help us get out of here in the first place? If you’re so desperate for entertainment, sing for yourself, old man.”
Vitlaz got up and leaned toward her. “It’s for the guard, stupid, to give him the feeling he knows you. Something is better than nothing, right? And now all we need is a short break of silence and we can move on to the next step.”
The guard, lying on his bed, lulled half-asleep by Natir’s song, tumbled out of bed at her sudden scream. She screamed again, even louder, prompting him to grab his metal rod and barge through the door to see what had happened.
He stood before their cell, yelling, “Hey! Hey! What do you think you’re doing? Get off her!”
Natir was on her back on the floor, her only decent piece of clothing pulled up high, her chest totally exposed, screaming and kicking as she tried to push Vitlaz off her.
“Help!”
“Bitch, lay still.” Vitlaz groaned, forcing Natir’s hands over her head while trying to loosen the scarf around her hips.
“How did you get free of your chain?” the guard barked at Vitlaz, hammering the cell bars with the rod. “Get off her I said!”
Vitlaz threw a quick glance at the guard, then turned back to Natir, pulling at her scarf. “You just stick it out and wank, you wimp. I’m almost in her.” 
As Vitlaz echoed a creepy giggle, Natir screamed, tears watering her face. “No, no, nooo! Help! Get him off me, please get him off!”
Overtaken by the heat of the moment, the guard quickly worked at the lock, muttering, “You little piece of shit.” 
He barged into the cell, grabbed Vitlaz from behind and threw him off Natir, “Get off her I said!”
	As soon as the guard turned, Natir sprang up, jumping the guard from behind. They fell together to the floor, the guard on top of her—her chest to his back. She wrapped her legs firmly around his waist, and strangled him with the chain that was used to bind her hand to the wall.
“Now! Now!” she shouted to Vitlaz, who charged at the guard’s hand, trying to pry his fingers from the keys.
“What are you doing?” Natir shouted, struggling to keep the guard down. “Leave it. The brick. Hit him with the brick. Vitlaz?”
Vitlaz wasn’t listening and kept trying to get the keys, groaning with struggle. “Give me those!”
Heart hammering against her ribcage with shock, Natir realized she was being double-crossed. She was pinned down, unable to let go of the guard, fighting with everything she had, while Vitlaz was stealing the keys for himself.
Her face was maimed with rage. The guard, gargling for air in her grasp, hadn’t yet given up the fight for the keys.
Natir held the chain at his neck with one hand, and reached over her head with the other, trying to find the brick they had hidden there. But the guard was containing her with his weight and, struggling hard, forcing her whole body to jerk left and right with him.
“Vitlaz! You…”
Her first attempt to reach the brick fell short. She let out a wild groan and strained at it again, tracing the brick with the tips of her fingers and inching it closer until she held it firmly between her fingers. 
Like a mad woman, she echoed a loud cry and hammered it to the guard’s head, then again, and for a third time. A sudden burst of blood shot onto the air from the back of the guard’s head. He collapsed in Natir’s arms, unconscious.
Vitlaz seized the chance. He stole the keys from the guard’s motionless hand as Natir kicked her legs and struggled in panic to push the guard’s body off her. “Wait!”
By the time Natir got to her feet and turned towards the door, Vitlaz was on the other side, locking it in her face.
Natir gripped the bars and shouted, “Open the door! Vitlaz? Vitlaz, you old piece of garbage, open the fucking door!”
Vitlaz laughed. “You idiot, truly an idiot!”
“Open the door or I’ll kill you!”
“Sure thing, here you go.” He danced in front of her, dangling the keys within an arm’s reach of her, from side to side. Natir raced after the keys, shooting her arm through the bars as Vitlaz laughed his heart out.
“Woops! Almost got it. Over here—"
“Give me that! VITLAZ!”
“That’s the way to do it, keep those tits bouncing, that’s it, faster, bitch, make them flip and bounce, faster, wooh! What a sight.”
In a moment of overwhelming rage, Natir howled and hammered the bars with her arms, splitting open her forearm wound. As blood spewed, the pain was so intense she collapsed to the floor in agony.
On her knees, clad only by the scarf around her hips, Natir cradled her wounded arm to her chest, filled with pain and humiliation at Vitlaz’s foul laughter.
Finally, the pain eased enough for her to speak. “Vitlaz… All right. You had your fun, Vitlaz.” She looked up at him, “Open the door now. Please.”
“Look at you. Don’t you look at your best when you’re on your knees,” he mocked, half-laughing.
“Vitlaz, please, there is no worse time for a joke.”
He played with the keys in his hand, then looked down at her, smiling wildly, but far more serious.
“Who’s joking?” he asked. “Why should I let you out and have the whole garrison on the lookout for me when I can give them you, who can take all the blame?”
“You won’t do that. I know you won’t.”
Vitlaz crouched down to Natir’s level.
“Kill him,” he said, motioning to the guard. “Go ahead, smash what’s left of his head, and they will need no better reason to forget about me and impale you in public with a hundred metal poles through your flesh. Let him live and he will tell everyone what you’ve done and feed your tits to the dogs for it. Either way, I’ll be back to business as usual as of today instead of hiding for weeks.”
“Will you really waste my entire life for a few weeks of yours?”
“A man’s time is more valuable, and he must earn a living.”
“And what about the other guard? You need me.”
“I never needed you or anyone else. I was still going to pull this off on my own, just fine. The only reason I included you in my plan was because you were already here. What else should I have done, hm? Should I have trusted you to stay quiet through the whole thing? Or risk you joining their side in hope of favors? No. The smart thing was to make you join me no matter how useless you might be… Don’t you worry about the other guard. I’ll manage.”
Natir plead, “I trusted you. I supported you. And we worked on this together. I suffered the whole burden of our plan for us to succeed. Does none of that mean anything to you? You can’t leave me here. Please.”
“You know what you should be doing right now?” Vitlaz slowly rose. “You should fuck yourself!” He chortled and danced in front of her like a happy dog. 
“Do a strip, you whore, do a strip and fuck yourself!” He laughed his heart out, flashed his member at her, and showered her with lewd gestures, taunting, “Pull your legs apart. I want to see that slit. I want to see you fuck yourself naked. Stick those fingers up your snatch, you whore. Do it, slut, spank your cunt and beg for dick, I won’t let you out until you do it—”
Natir dropped her face and said under her breath, “Vitlaz…”
“Bend over, you dead meat, show me your love-cushions and finger fuck yourself—”
“Vitlaz…” Her hand swept stealthily over the floor, reaching for the guard’s metal rod at her side.
“Woohohoo! Say, ‘I’ll suck balls for my life.’ Say it, bitch, put your head at my shoe and say you’ll suck my balls. You’ll be impaled, slut, you’ll be impaaaled!”
“YOU DOUBLE-CROSSING RAT!” She screamed with magnificent rage, and threw the rod at him.
It took him by surprise, Vitlaz jumped a step back and threw his arms up to protect his face when, out of nowhere, a huge arm shot out and grabbed him from behind.
“GIVE ME THE KEY.”
In a moment of overwhelming terror, Vitlaz tossed the keys in the air before Burno could take it from him.
The keys fell right in front of her door.
Natir dropped onto her arms and knees, looking at the keys and shaking all over, so hard that her arms wouldn’t support her much longer.
“Natir, Natir, help—quagh!” Vitlaz said before the big hand squeezed his neck, choking him like a chicken.
Natir snatched the keys off the floor, then rolled, powerless, onto her side. She stared at the cold, rusted pieces of metal in her hand, gasping for breath, not knowing what she was feeling or thinking anymore. 
From head to toe, she was reduced to a mess of trembling flesh poisoned with anxiety.

*   *   *

Burno raged like a demon, “RELEASE ME.”
Natir needed a moment to pull herself together.
She retrieved her piece of clothing and, covering her bare chest, took the guard’s shoe, his belt, and his shirt, which was just long enough for her to use as a tunic. She inhaled a deep breath, walked out of her cell and locked the door behind her.
“Natir…” Vitlaz squeaked.
Natir retrieved the metal rod from the floor and looked over at Vitlaz. Nailed against the bars of the opposite cell, behind him loomed a sinister figure dressed in shadows, only his right arm and big belly, pressed against the bars, visible in the torchlight.
“RELEASE ME OR I WILL BREAK HIS NECK.”
She motioned to them. “Break his neck, and I will.”
“DEAL.” Burno immediately reached out with his other hand and got a hold of the top of Vitlaz’s head.
Vitlaz struggled with panic, “Natir, Natir, no! She’s joking, she’s—Aaakkk” he groaned with suffering as Burno pulled up, as if ready to rip Vitlaz’s head from his shoulders.
“Wait.”
Natir trod forward, stopping just far enough from them to allow her to react if Burno made a move. She gazed at Vitlaz, tilting her head from side to side and looking him in the eye.
“Getting out of here was only the first step. You know how to get out of this town altogether, don’t you?” she asked. 
Given Vitlaz couldn’t respond since his head was pulled back hard, he blinked.
“And you’re going to show me how, won’t you?” she chanted softly and with a menacing glare, slowly sliding the cold rod across his cheek. “Only this time, if the thought of double-crossing me again even whispers through your stupid head, I will crack your skull open and trample your slimy little brain under my feet… YOU’VE GOT THAT?”
Vitlaz blinked again.
She straightened up. “Let him go.”
“THE KEY.”
She raised her voice, “Let him go.”
Burno snorted and groaned like a boar, but a moment later, drew his arms back.
The moment Vitlaz dropped onto the floor, he weakly threw himself forward, intending to grab the keys from her hand, but Natir raised her hand out of his reach and threw the keys into the cell.
“No!” Vitlaz yelped, “What have you done? He’ll kill us, he’ll kill us both.”
Burno hurried to the back of his cell, retrieved the keys, and returned quickly to unlock the door. They keys looked like toothpicks in his massive hands.
“Run!” Panicked, Vitlaz ran to the other cell and shook the door with his hands. He glanced over his shoulder only to see Natir right behind him, sending her fist at his face.
“You old scat!” She punched the creep so hard, his head struck the metal bars with a loud whack. Vitlaz fell face down on the floor, covering his head and pulling himself into a fetal position. 
Cradling her hand, Natir danced with pain, “Oh, fuuuck! Owhh… You piece of… Shiiit!” 
The door opened. Natir spun around and her eyes widened with terror, realizing too late she had no clue against whom she had played hard with just a moment ago. Had she known what was coming, she would have dropped to her knees and begged him to take the keys and leave.
Like a son of giants, he was enormous, with powerful muscles, much like a bull. His belly was swollen and partially covered with ripped rags-for-clothes, and his arms were so great, Natir was sure she would not survive a single slap of his hand.
His massive head was bald and covered with tattoos. Two boar tusks—each two inches long—were embedded in his lower lip, which drooped, exposing his stained teeth. He glared down at her with harrowing eyes like a demon of the forest.
“Hello… Um, I’m, I’m Natir.”
“Burno.”
“Right. Right. You, um, you look—”
“Not my real name.”
“Of course. Yes. However you like—please don’t eat me.”
“What?” He turned his ear to her.
“Nothing, nothing… So, um,” she nervously clapped her hands together, “I guess we should get going… Maybe?”
He groaned in response and turned his face to the door.
Chapter 19

TRAPPED


A messenger, one of Gumarich’s men, arrived on horseback at one of the entrances to the Dog-Cage’s hall. He delivered the news to Juovan, who nodded in return and headed to where his lord, and guests, stood.
“My men have questioned the guard who was left in charge of her and two others who were also involved,” said Juovan.
“And?” asked Alfred.
“Don’t worry. She was simply moved into one of the keeps when the guard in charge needed to close the place,” Juovan said. “This often happens, as prisoners are moved around all the time.”
Gumarich asked, “Do you know which keep?”
“Of course, my lord. We heard it from the men who took her there themselves.”
“Well then,” Gumarich told Alfred, “let’s go get your woman back.”

*   *   *

Natir, Vitlaz and Burno made their way up the dark stairs and cracked the door open.
Shadows inhabited the place. The room looked empty at first glance and the oil lamps were all out; only the crimson glare of the embers left burning in the clay fireplace cast a flickering glow onto the ceiling. But then they noticed a motion in a corner of the room, and realized the other guard was asleep there, wholly covered by a blanket.
Natir whispered, “We can slip past—”
Before she could finish, Burno had taken the metal rod from her hand and barged into the room.
“NO, WAIT!” She leapt after him only to immediately retreat backwards, horrified, hands over her mouth, tears filling her eyes. 
With harrowing savagery, Burno repeatedly hammered the rod into the sleeping guard’s head, killing him before he could utter a sound, and splattering his brains over the wall.
Burno then headed towards the door, with Vitlaz following. Neither of them had said a word or threw a glance at Natir.
It happened so quickly, Natir almost felt it had been a dream.
With one more look at the dead guard, Natir forced her legs to move and follow them, fighting back tears and averting her gaze. 
She didn’t want to see his face. She didn’t want to know if it was indeed the same guard she had met earlier, who had been so kind to her. She begged doubt to take over her thoughts. But in her heart, she knew that he was.

*   *   *

In an unlucky encounter, Amyntas and his men came face to face with Leos’s men outside the pits. Tension was high as the leaders of both groups knew each other.
Leos’s man said, “Well, well, look who I meet again.”
Amyntas motioned at him, “What are you doing here?”
Leos’s men looked at one another. They knew Amyntas was after Natir, but he surely didn’t know they were after the same person. They needed to handle this in smoothly if they were to get her before he did.
“A small matter we must tend to,” one of Leos’s men said.
“In the pits? At such an hour?” Amyntas asked.
“What’s so strange about it? I see you heading to the same door. Well, to not step on each other’s toes, we’ll conclude our business quickly and be on our way. Then you can have the place to yourself.”
Amyntas remained suspicious. “What business?”
“I don’t ask about your business, you don’t ask about mine. Now then—” he headed for the door.
Amyntas stopped the man, hand on his shoulder, prompting the men on both sides to reach for their weapons.
“Not to step on each other’s toes, you will wait here until my mission is done,” Amyntas said with sarcasm.
“We were here first.”
Amyntas brought out Wenclas’s ring. “Do I need to say the words?”
The man grimaced and hissed, “Put that thing away.”
“By the name and authority of our Lady,” Amyntas said, taking a step forth, his five men at his back ready for a fight, “you will step down… Or do you mean to challenge the living banner? Just say the word.”
Leos’s three men were taken aback. Hands to their weapons and unwilling to back off with their tails between their legs, they were also at the limit of their wits.

*   *   *

Natir and Vitlaz behind him, Burno removed the large sliding bolt and opened the door, revealing Leos’s and Amyntas’s men—standing outside.
Shocked, everybody froze.
One of the men doing Leos’s bidding recognized Natir from the description he had. He shouted, “That’s the one!”
Burno bellowed a horrid cry and swung the rod in the faces of the men who rushed his way, sending them back and slamming the door shut in their faces.
Fists and shoulders hammered the door from the outside as the men’s cries and curses filled the air.
 “How did they escape?”
“Open the door! Open it!”
“Curses!” Vitlaz tried to push the wooden slide back in place as Burno held the door shut.
“Where did all these guards come from?” Natir yelped with panic.
“Lock the door. Hurry.”
“I’m trying!” Vitlaz shouted.
Natir aided him and, together, they gave the slide a push that finally locked it back in place. They retreated a few steps backwards, listening to the guards’ cries and watching the door rock with every strike.
“We’re trapped,” Natir said.
Burno raged across the room, searching, “Where are the weapons? Where do they keep them?”
“Look for a weapon!” Vitlaz said as he searched.
Natir yelled with shock, “You intend to fight them? There’s a whole gang of them out there.”
The two men were not listening as they tore the room apart, looking for the guards’ weapons.
Natir turned her face between them and the door. The loud bangs, the rattling of the wooden door, and the threats and yells of men from both sides tampered with her nerves, her chest heaved with anxiety.
Natir was afraid. She was truly afraid. The thought of turning herself in—hoping for mercy—flashed through her mind with such powerful impact that she took a step toward the door, intending to open it, before she realized what she was doing and stopped herself.
Her eyes fell on the dead guard. The whole room was kissed by shadows, but Natir thought she saw a spark of metal. She hesitated, but forced herself to take a step towards it, then another. The grim orange light of the embers and the stains of blood still trickling down the wall had made the sight of the dead man’s body all the more bloodcurdling.
Natir was too afraid to look at the dead man’s face. She didn’t want to know for sure if it was him. Looking away, she took a final step that brought her right next to him, bent her knees, and searched blindly with her hand for the source of the spark she  thought she’d seen, her skin crawling at the mere touch of the dead guard’s warm flesh.
Wood! Natir felt wood in her hand. She affirmed her grip over it and pulled her arm back, a short axe clasped in her hand. 
Almost immediately, Vitlaz was all over her. He reached for the axe, “Give me that.”
“Get your own!” she barked and drew the axe out of his reach before he could take it.
Burno broke a leg off a table to use as a club. He threw the metal rod to Vitlaz. “Take this. It’s more your size.”
“Now what?” Natir asked.
The three of them got together. Burno pointed at the door—still being hammered by the guards—and ordered Natir, “Open it.”
Her eyes widened. “Are you insane?”
“Open it.”
Vitlaz followed, panicking but trying hard not to let it show. “We’re trapped. What else can we do? We’ll make a stand, fight our way to the road and make a run for it.”
Before the words were fully out of Vitlaz’s mouth, Natir grabbed him by his shirt. She had a good idea what he was really up to. She raised her axe in his face and raged, “You stand right there, you rat. Stand right there and pretend to be a man! If I see you crawling under everyone’s feet, if, in an way, you try to escape with your own skin and leave us behind the moment I open that door, I swear I’ll dive this axe into your back ALL THE WAY TO YOUR LIVER.”
Burno shouted, “I said open the door!”
“Yes, YES! ALRIGHT!”
Natir stood next to the door, shaking the axe to ease the stiffness in her arm. She was more tense than she could ever remember feeling in her life.
She set her free hand on the slide’s arm, feeling it rattle and shake. The guards’ shouts were as deafening as if they were yelling straight into her ears. She shut her eyes and inhaled a lungful of air, preparing herself.
Natir gasped as her eyes popped wide open. Slowly, she forced her stiff fingers to loosen and pulled her hand back. She stared at her trembling palm, unable to believe what she was about to do. 
She whispered to herself. “We’re not going to make it.”

*   *   *

Burno and Vitlaz, tensed with anticipation themselves, roared at Natir, who was still staring at her hand.
“Open the door!”
“Woman, what are you waiting for?”
Their shouts made Natir snap out of it. Her gaze darted swiftly from the door, to the side of the room, to her two companions.
Running out of patience, Burno lurched forward, “If you won’t open it, then I will.”
“No!” She jumped in front of him, “No, stop.”
“Move out of my way—”
Before he could push Natir out of his path, she jumped a step forward and rammed her hand onto his chest, yelling, “Will you stop and LISTEN TO ME FOR A MOMENT!”
“WHAT?”
Shaking with anxiety, with one small palm onto Burno’s chest and the other holding the axe to her side, Natir struggled to let the words out.
“We’re not going to make it,” she said. A sheen of sweat coated her face, and a damp streak of hair lay across her cheek like a flare, gleaming with dew and orange light. “There’s a whole gang of them, and who knows how many more will show up.”
“Then I’ll take a whole lot of them down with me for I won’t die like a gutless rat! Out of the way!” Burno pushed her hand away, causing Natir to rock out of balance.
She immediately threw herself at him, “SHUT UP AND LISTEN!”
Lungs burning, she panted under his gaze for a moment, then said, “That door is several inches thick and enforced with bronze. It will take more than a few men to break it down…”
Natir headed to the wall and struck a visible beam with her axe, her voice raging, “But this wall is CLAY AND WOOD!”
She spun towards Burno. “And you’re a monster.” She pointed at the beam. “If we can break this beam, then you can easily break through it with one push.”
“What difference does it make?!” Burno asked.
“It makes a world of difference!”
“She’s right,” Vitlaz yelped, realizing what Natir was up to.
Burno turned his face between them.
Natir said, “Instead of opening that door and having them barge into the room, we can barge outside ourselves. They will not see it coming. And even if it’s just a few yards, just a few yards, that’s still all the space we need to put between us and the guards to make a run for it down the open road.”
Vitlaz had already rushed to the broken table, which he now tried to push towards the door. “We need to barricade the door. Come on, somebody help me.”
Natir approached Burno and stared up at him. “The only question is: can you break through that wall with one push or not?”
Burno dropped the club and took a step that brought him right in front of Natir. He glared at her and groaned, “I am Burno. Watch me.”
Chapter 20

TRADE


[ The Hour of Dreams ]
She disliked oil lamps.
The ones made out of bone were too cheap for her class. The ones made from pottery were too heavy, too ugly and too rugged for her hands. And those made of copper were an open invitation for every craftsman to show what twisted desires lurk in his small mind, then dare call it an art.
A woman of class should never hold an oil lamp. A candle is what she should hold; a single, gently burning candle that reflects nothing but beauty, shines with hope and guidance, fills its surrounding with sweet aroma, and symbolizes a woman’s true and greatest strength—passion.
Dressed in a white nightwear and sunset-pink robes, Wenclas dismissed her maids and walked into the warmth of her bedroom, a delicate candleholder in hand.
Her bed called to her.
It was the material of most women’s dreams—huge, round, surrounded by engraved pillars in the shape of entwined vines inlaid with grapes engraved from wood of a lighter color.
The pillars were joined at the top by entangled branches, and burdened with thin silk curtains revealing a mess of soft sheets and exotic animal furs thrown over a magnificent mattress, so wide, soft and full that five strapping men had carried it into the room.
The rest of the bedroom was no less luxurious. It featured matching furniture, a wooden floor covered with pieces of white fur, and great curtains on the wall where the balcony was.
A little frown appeared on Wenclas’s face as she noticed that one of her maids must have had neglected her duties: Many of the candles in the room were down to a third of their original length.
She would have a word with her maids about this tomorrow. Right now, she wanted nothing but a good night’s sleep after staying up for most of the night. The pots of incense burners, which featured a similar aroma to the beeswax candles, seemed properly replenished. That was something at least.
She put out the candles one by one using a copper candle-snuffer in the shape of a narcissus flower. Dropped the pink robes to the floor, and slipped into her bed where she set the last candle she was holding, on a nearby stand next to an incense burner, and gently blew it out.
Her eyes shut, lying on her back, she relaxed…
Moments later, Wenclas opened her eyes and reached for the candle with no hurry.
“And you are…?” She asked as she lit the candle using the little embers still aflame in the incense burner.
The light revealed the scene: Two men surrounded her bed from either side, weapons at hands and faces disguised by masks of cloth.
She frowned. “Women and gold.”
“No,” Gull answered, “just you.”
“No deal.”
In a flash, she threw the candle at Gull and the whole room plunged into darkness.
“Get her!”
Gull and Teyrnon reacted quickly, but they caught only empty sheets enriched with the remnants of her body’s warmth.
Wenclas quickly made her way to the balcony, only to jump a step back as swift as a cat when she caught a sight of a shadow below where a third man waited.
“Easy now, pretty woman. We mean you no harm,” Volk said in a creepy voice as he entered through the curtains right in front of her, his face also concealed by a mask of cloth.
Wenclas spun around, realizing her path to the other door was cut off as well. She was surrounded, with the other two men slowly approaching her from either side.
“Don’t be stupid,” Teyrnon said.
Volk played with the axe in his hand, “Be a good woman now and come with us quietly, and maybe you’ll be back in your fancy bed by tomorrow, safe and sound. But if you won’t…”
Wenclas took a step back, her hand slowly reaching in the dark towards a nearby stand.
She asked, “What’s the one thing to which every brave man immediately answers?”
Caught by surprise, his pupils darted left and right. “Beer?”
“Fire.”
She slapped the incense burner off the stand and into Volk’s face. He jumped back and covered his face with his hands, yelping from shock and the hot ash in his eyes.
“I’VE GOT HER.” Teyrnon said, having jumped Wenclas from behind, one arm around her, the other over her mouth. She struggled in his grasp, unable to escape.
“My eyes! My eyes!” cried Volk.
“Quit nagging and be quiet, you fool,” Gull said to him.
“She threw something in my eyes,” he said, wiping his eyes and barging towards Wenclas, intending to slap her. “You bitch!”
Gull caught Volk’s arm before he could hit her. “That’s enough, we got her.”
“Whore, what was that?” Volk shouted.
Teyrnon yelped when she suddenly bit the hand over her mouth, but he tightened his grip on her with his other arm.
Relieved from the hand gagging her, Wenclas spit the salty taste of his hand and said to Volk, “You can see my face now, can’t you?”
Shocked, the men looked behind them and saw the curtains in front of the balcony had caught fire!
“Oh, curses!” Volk leapt towards it. He stomped the fabric with his foot and shot his axe at it. “Rats! What is this thing made of?”
Teyrnon’s face was dismayed, “Volk, get away from there.”
“Don’t call my name, stupid.”
“The woman. Don’t let go of her,” Gull commanded.
“I know! I’ve got her, I said,” Teyrnon yelped.
“Put out that fire already!”
“Put out what?” Volk snapped. Coughing, with one hand at his face, he pointed at the wall of fire with his axe. “Can’t you see how fast it burns? We can’t go back that way.”
“You idiots,” Wenclas snickered. She looked at Teyrnon from over her shoulder. “How fast can you run with me on your back?”

*   *   *

 “Out of my way, out of my way!” Gull shouted, waving his axe in the air as he barged into the narrow corridor.
The few female servants—who, having discovered the fire, hurried to Wenclas’s room—scrambled out of Gull’s way, screaming and ducking down in terror.
Teyrnon and Volk—carrying Wenclas over his shoulder, her mouth gagged by a piece of cloth and hands tied behind her—followed Gull, intending to make their escape through the main door.
“Where is her guard?” Teyrnon shouted.
Volk replied, “Who cares. Run.”
Gull broke through the main door and they all ran down the alley, intent on reaching the wagon they had prepared. But just before they reached the alley’s end, they stopped in their tracks for a group of men appeared.
Civilians and armed guards alike, some holding buckets of water, were running in the opposite direction intending to put out the fire when they encountered Gull and his friends. The shock caused them to freeze in place.
“That’s Wenclas!” one man shouted.
“Curses.” Volk yelped. He, Gull and Teyrnon turned and began to run in the opposite direction.
“After them!”
“They’re abducting the banner!”
Halfway towards the opposite end of the alley, Gull and his friends were surrounded from either side as more men and guards appeared, drawn by the fire Wenclas had started.
As more torches poured into the alley, the ruckus grew. Men yelled at the three to drop their weapons, others asked what was going on, people shouted to put out the fire, and the female servants’ screams shattered the night as they escaped from the burning house.
“Stay back, stay back, I said!” Gull roared, waving his axe at the mob.
“Get back or I’ll slit her throat, I swear!” Volk threatened, having lowered Wenclas down and placed his axe at her throat.
“Let go of her or we’ll kill you!”
“We’re trapped,” Teyrnon said.
“Call the town guards. Someone call them!”
“Put out the fire!”
“Stay back, I said!” Volk shouted. He quickly spun around, with Wenclas in his arms, towards two men who were trying to sneak up on him from the side. “You! My mouth is covered, not my eyes. Get back or I’ll kill her. Keep your distance!”
Wenclas managed to push the gag out of her mouth. She hissed at Volk, “I will have your bowels spilled and your heads impaled at the town walls before dawn FOR BEING SO STUPID!”
“You shut up! Big man?” Volk looked at Gull, “I said, big man, more and more are showing. We can’t waste time, make a trade, quickly.”
Teyrnon shouted again, “Stay back, stay back, I can see you!”
“I’ll cut us a way out,” Gull said. “You two follow me, quickly.”
But Volk grabbed Gull’s arm, “Don’t be stupid.”
“They’re nothing. I can take them,” Gull declared.
“You can,” Volk said, breathless with anxiety, “but we can’t. And that’s all they need, just one face to know who to blame. We need to make a trade.”
Gull groaned with fury as Wenclas snickered and tried to look back at them from over her shoulder. “Oh, puh-lease don’t hold ‘big man’ back. Let him show us what he can do.”
“Be quiet,” said Volk.
Threats and shouts for the three men to let go of Wenclas were coming from every corner as more men gathered. 
Wenclas chuckled, “I smell something funny. Did you just pee yourself by any chance? Tell you what, how about you drop that stick in your hand and lick the ground I walk on, and maybe I’ll let you keep your little balls.”
Wenclas went grim-quiet and the smile on her face quickly vanished when Volk brought the bit of his axe much too close to her face, pushing it against her cheek.
Volk hissed in her ear, “I thought I told you to keep those lips quiet, didn’t I?”
“Get . . . your hands . . . off of me now.”
“Take a good look around you, pretty woman. All these people want right now is to have their banner back alive. But they wouldn’t care much about her suffering a cut or two in the process, now would they? No. Not under such circumstances. Not even if she were to lose a cheek, an arm, or even—”
Wenclas jolted when Volk suddenly groped her behind.
“—a hip, perhaps.” 
“You creep.”
Volk grinned. “How about it? Did you ever want to know what walking around with one hip feels like? Just say the word.”
Wenclas hissed with grudge and humiliation, “I will have your skin as a rug, at the foot of my bed.”
“I’ve been offered worse,” Volk said. “Now, I think we’re both smart enough to understand that we’re all in this together. If you do, tell the idiots to quiet down and keep their distance before someone does something stupid, and we all lose, together.”
With a face maimed with grudge, Wenclas turned to the mob and shouted, “Everyone be quiet… EVERYONE, BE QUIET, I SAID.” The ruckus died at her command.  “Nobody do a thing.”
“Much better,” Volk whispered. He addressed the crowd, “You want the woman back? We’re letting her go, in return of safe passage.”
Gull shouted, “You lot, over there, get out of our way.”
Teyrnon ordered, “Walk by the wall, one after the other, towards the other end. Clear out this side of the alley, quickly.”
 A man shouted, “Let her go, first.”
Wenclas raised her voice, “You heard what they said… Make way, all of you.”
Slow and warily, the two groups switched sides as the men trickled into the alley from one end, walking by the wall, while Gull’s group pushed the other way.
Gull’s group, their backs to the empty end of the alley, retreated slowly.
“Let her go.”
“Let her go, now, or we’ll charge.”
Gull shouted, “I’ll kill anyone who moves!”
“Make sure no one is hiding. Go, make sure,” Volk instructed Teyrnon, then yelled, “We’re letting her go!”
“Will you hurry up? Your breath stinks,” Wenclas hissed.
Teyrnon kept turning his head back as they retreated, trying to look around the corners. Noticing two armed men hiding at one side, clinging to the wall, he shouted, “You there! Out of the way, out, go with your friends.”
“Keep your distance!” Volk shouted.
The two men passed by them, playing their weapons in a threatening manner as they joined the rest, slowly trailing Gull’s group.
“Let her go!”
Volk cut the rope surrounding Wenclas’s hands. “Stay where you are. We’re sending her now. Nobody moves.” He leaned toward her to warn, “Walk very, veerryyy slowly now. Don’t think an axe cannot be thrown. Understood?”
“Don’t you think this is over,” she threatened in a low hiss.
“I hope not. You got my crotch excited, and I’d love to see you finish the deed. Now go.” He motioned with his head, “Back to your flock. Go.”
Gull roared, “Nobody moves!”
Wenclas walked slowly towards the men, while Gull and his friends retreated backwards, just as slowly, cautiously turning their faces in every direction.
Once Wenclas was two or three steps from her men, she suddenly spun on her heel and commanded: “Bring me their skins.”
She smiled as men and soldiers darted forth from either side of her, screaming with rage, as Gull and his two friends turned and bolted the other way.
The three men ran for dear life, slipping and tripping over ice-coated roads, darting from one alley to the next with their enemies racing fast at their trail. They rounded a corner, to where their wagon was waiting, and heard Irenka calling.
“This way!” she said, holding the flaps of the wagon’s cover open with her hand.
The three jumped into the wagon. Irenka and their fourth friend quickly closed the flaps and threw blankets over them.
Irenka then positioned herself near the entrance of the wagon. She spread her legs and pulled down her shirt, half-baring herself, as the fourth man took his place in front of her; she embraced him and moaned lewdly as they pretended to have sex just as Wenclas’s men appeared. 
One guard flipped the wagon’s flaps open, sword in hand, five of his friends have gathered behind him, tens more darted into the open road from around a corner.
Irenka screamed and covered her chest with false modesty, as her fake paramour roared at the guards, “What do you want?”
The guard cursed, yanked the wagon’s flaps shut, and hurried away with the other guards.
Once it went quiet Irenka pulled up the wagon’s cover a bit to peek outside—making sure no one was around.
“Curses, that was close,” Volk said.
“I take it you idiots have failed,” Irenka said, half-mocking.
Gull instructed the fourth man, “Get us out of here, we need to go back, quickly.”
As the wagon made its way, Irenka nagged, “Shish! The whiff of sweat.” 
“Just shut up.”
Chapter 21

Macedonian


The guards at the keep had brought all the female prisoners into the street and ordered them to line up before Gumarich and his guests.
Despite the guards’ orders, some of the women still tried to seize the rare chance to approach the town’s elites. Some simply bowed, others assumed stances that asserted their charms, and a few even tried to address Gumarich, prompting the guards to order them to stay quiet.
Alfred needed only to glance briefly at the women before declaring, once again, “None of them. She’s not here.”
“That’s impossible,” Juovan snapped.
Alfred looked at Juovan and waved his arms, “She’s not here.”
Wilhelm said, anxious, “I have nothing to do with this misguidance.”
Gumarich silently stared at his commander.
Juovan quickly asserted, “Impossible, my lord. My informants have questioned the sources themselves. The woman is here. They cannot be wrong about this.”
“Is that so?” Gumarich said sarcastically. “Well then, that makes it all the easier.” He turned to the women, “Which one of you is Natir?”
A flood of garrulity. It was as if he had broken a dam. Not a single sullied joke, smart comeback, or deceptive attempt that could possibly come to mind did the women miss. Their voices and laughter mingled together in almost incomprehensible chirrups.
Looking a fool before his lord, Juovan charged forward, roaring at the women, “Be silent, you arrogant lumps before I cut off your tongues! Have you no shame?” He turned to one of the guards from the keep and grabbed him by his clothes. “You. Is this all of them? You sure there are no other women inside?”
“Sir, this is all of them.”
“Then where is she? The woman named Natir. I know for a fact she was brought here. Speak!”
“I don’t think we have one with such a name.”
Another asked, “What does she look like?”
Alfred stepped forward. He sighed as he described her once again, “She’s about this height, short brown hair, hazel eyes, and she has a golden paint—”

*   *   *

Natir worked on the wooden beam, hitting it with her axe in rhythm with the strikes at the door by the guards outside until she had chipped off half of the beam’s width, vertically.
She wiped the sweat off her forehead and rushed to stand next to Burno. “That’s the best I can do. You think you can break through the wall now?”
“I didn’t need it in the first place,” said Burno.
“It has to be done on one go, otherwise it would be pointless,” she insisted.
Her attention quickly turned to Vitlaz, who came next to her, the metal rod pushed in a rope he used for a belt. He held a pot of oil in one hand and an oil lamp with the other.
“What is this?” Natir asked.
“Just an old trick that might help. Pay it no mind.”
“Yes, okay, whatever,” she said and turned to Burno. “Burno, if you have any doubt—”
Burno raged, “Enough, woman. I’d be long out of here already if it weren’t for you.”
“Yes, all right, I’m sorry. Just one more thing. Vitlaz?”
Vitlaz answered, “As soon as we get out, make a run for it to the right, take a left, and then follow my lead. Don’t stop for anything, understand? Don’t stop for anything. Once we make it out of town, you can sit and wait for your friends somewhere down the eastern road to pick you up.”
Natir echoed, “Right, and then left. All right. Got it.” She turned to Burno, “Burno? Burno, you got that?”
His eyes to the wall, Burno took a couple of steps back, preparing to ram it. “You two go wherever you want. I have someone to kill.”
“What? You’re not coming? I thought—”
Before Natir could finish, Burno ran towards the wall without a warning, roaring. 
Just as shocked as Natir was by Burno’s lack of concordance, Vitlaz shouted “Don’t wait! Run!”

*   *   *

The two groups were working together to break into the pits.
Amyntas’s men had brought a log to use for a battering ram and positioned themselves in front of the door, ready to strike, when all of a sudden they heard a magnificent roar echoing from the inside followed by a great bang as the wall collapsed just a few steps away from them.
Taken by surprise, the guards jumped backwards or covered their faces as Burno shot through the wall like a boulder. Onlookers scrambled for cover or ducked down, screaming.
Natir, just a step behind Burno, darted through the great hole onto the street, screaming and covering her head from the falling debris. Vitlaz, behind her, threw the two pots in the direction of the guards, “Take this!”
The pots broke, and the oil ignited on the road, further adding to the confusion.
“It’s an escape!”
“After them!”
Natir jumped to the right and shouted, looking over her shoulder, “Burno!”
Burno had ran straight forward into the first alley he saw, barely fitting his huge body between the buildings’ walls, with two guards on his trail.
Natir couldn’t afford to stop. With the next turn only a step away, she raced to the left as fast as she could when she heard Vitlaz shouting, “No! This way!”
Shocked, Natir tried to change course, but slipped on the ice-coated pavement and half-collapsed onto the ground. She groaned, quickly pulled herself together and darted in the opposite direction, raging at Vitlaz, “You said left!”
“This left, hurry!”
Amyntas, standing behind a wall of fire, covering his face with his forearm, witnessed Natir escaping. His men had already sprung out into action. They ran around the fire and darted into the alley, shouting for Natir and Vitlaz to stop.
“That’s her,” Amyntas hissed, “The woman Wenclas wants.”  He had a good guess where Natir and Vitlaz were intending to go. He ran the other way and into a parallel alley.

*   *   *

The alleys were not cleared of snow as well as the main roads, but the center, where they all ran, was clear enough and the frost coating the pavement was much less intense.
Vitlaz ran ahead of Natir, throwing whatever obstacles he could grab onto the street. Natir covered her face with one arm as a piece of wood shot her way, and barely noticed in time the box Vitlaz threw in the middle of the road. She yelped as darted sideways to avoid it.
She roared, “Will you stop trying to trip me!”
“Then hurry, you fool, hurry!” Vitlaz shouted back.
She was astounded how fast the old man was. It was as if he had spent his entire life on the run!
Natir groaned aloud as she ran faster, giving it all she had, and closed the gap between them to a few steps. Her hand shot to the side, hurling a pile of sticks leaning against a wall onto the street to slow down the guards trailing her. She heard the sticks scatter over the pavement and the guards’ shouts and curses.
“This way!” Vitlaz yelled.
Natir followed, darting to the side as they reached the end of the alley. She saw Vitlaz kick two kids out of his way, grab the handles of the their merchandise cart, and groan as he struggled to push it.
Natir quickly gave him a hand. They pushed the cart together and sent it rolling down the road towards the entrance of the alley. When the guards were almost there, they stumbled over themselves and jumped back as the cart smashed onto the entrance.
Looking over her shoulder as she ran, Natir saw the guards struggling to go around the wagon or climb over it. 
She rounded a corner and stopped. She panted, breathless, “They won’t . . . catch up . . . we made it.”
Vitlaz ran back to her, “What are you doing?”
“Just . . . a moment . . . let me . . . catch my breath.”
He pulled Natir’s head by her hair and hissed in her face, “When time is of the essence, overconfidence is death. MOVE IT!”
He shoved Natir forward then darted ahead of her, “Don’t stop just yet. follow me.” Vitlaz shouted as he ran into another alley.
Natir chased after Vitlaz through a long and dark alley. They were halfway through it when he suddenly stopped.
“What? Are we there?” she asked, out of breath, having only been able to bring herself to a stop after she had passed Vitlaz by a couple of steps.
Catching his breath, Vitlaz frowned and gulped in air. “We . . . were . . . followed.”
Natir followed his gaze and barely recognized the shadowy shape of a man standing in the dark, a bit to the side, blocking their way, breathing like a bull.
Natir spun back to Vitlaz. “Can’t we go around?”
“We don’t have time. That’s the only way out.”
Amyntas stepped into the middle of the alley. He drew a short sword from his side and blurted out a lot of gibberish in a foreign language as he pointed his sword at them.
Be it a warrior’s prayer, a threat, or even insults would have made no difference, for the vibe of the warrior’s hard voice, the glitter of bronze, the proud, tall stance of a man who had faced death a hundred times before, and the shadows engulfing him whole, turned him to a daemon of the legends in their eyes.
Terrified to death, Natir stumbled a step back. “What did he say?”
Vitlaz said, eyes shone with horror. “He’s going to hack off, our, balls.”
All of a sudden, Amyntas let out a great war cry and charged at them. 
Natir drew out the axe from her belt, and Vitlaz, the metal rod. Panicked, they stumbled backwards and bumped onto each other. Vitlaz suddenly routed Natir by giving her a push from behind.
She stumbled forward, yelping and out of balance. Seeing the warrior racing toward her, she panicked and threw her axe at him before tumbling head over heels to the ground.
Not slowed in the least, Amyntas fended off the axe coming at his face and sent his sword downward at Natir. She screamed and rolled onto her side just in time, and the blade only grazed her back.
She kicked her legs up, landing a hit on Amyntas’s leg that caused him to stagger just as Vitlaz slithered forth with his metal rod, aiming to strike the man from behind on his lower back.
There was a great clang as the rod hit the bronze. Vitlaz froze as Amyntas straightened up and glared back at him as if he had realized he was fighting children, and as if that strike had only served to enrage him further. 
Amyntas thrust out his hand, clasped Vitlaz by the throat, and nailed him to the wall. He drew back his sword with his other hand, ready to stab Vitlaz to the belly, when Natir suddenly appeared behind Amyntas and, with a shout, shot her foot down at his knee from behind.
Amyntas tumbled down on one knee. He quickly tried to swing his sword backward in her direction, but Natir threw herself at him from behind, her weight at his shoulder, and wrapped his sword-yielding arm with both hands.
“Get the sword! Get the sword!” Natir shouted to Vitlaz, struggling to restrain and twist the great arm surging with power.
“I . . . can’t,” Vitlaz squeaked, struggling and choking in the man’s other hand.
Amyntas, on one knee, trying to shake Natir off his other arm, received a kick to the head that made him take his eyes off Natir and look the other way. Vitlaz—clasping the arm chocking him with both hands—had pushed his shoulders to the wall and was kicking Amyntas’s head with both legs, not giving him any chance to retaliate. Natir began kicking Amyntas’s back with her knee, while refusing to let go of his arm.
Trapped in between the two, weaker, but relentlessly struggling opponents, Amyntas was consumed by rage. He bellowed a great cry and with one mighty push, rose to his feet, throwing Vitlaz in one direction and sending Natir rolling over the ground in the other, screaming her heart out.
Lain on the ground, Natir turned her face back and forth: in one direction, the path to the end of the alley was wide open. She knew she could make it if she made a run for it now, but she had no clue what to do or where to go from there. In the other direction, she saw Vitlaz, the man with the escape plan, retreating on hands and elbows as Amyntas moved toward him, sword raised.
Her eyes fell on the axe near her feet. She seized it quickly, jumped to her feet screaming a wild cry, and threw the axe at their attacker.
The axe struck Amyntas in the back of his skull, and fluttered overhead from the force of impact, turning every which way in the air as if it had struck a rock.
They all froze, chests heaving with tiredness and anxiety.
Amyntas—still standing—felt the back of his head, then slowly pulled his hand back. He stared with disbelief at his blood-soaked palm and spun around to look at Natir before collapsing, face down onto the ground, blood gushing from the fatal wound.
Vitlaz got up, took the sword, and hurled it repeatedly over the dead man’s face, shouting curses and insults at him.
Natir snapped out of it. She pulled Vitlaz by his sleeve, “He’s dead. Let’s go.”
“Not before I crack his skull open and pee in it.”
“I said he’s dead, move it!” Natir took off running. 
Vitlaz dropped the sword and spat on the dead man’s corpse. They both ran towards the light at the end of the alley.
Chapter 22

FOOLS


Natir, running ahead, stopped and turned around to make sure Vitlaz was following. She saw him emerge from the alley, shouting and waving his arm.
“The dock. Get to the dock!”
She realized Vitlaz wanted her to go through a great gate with no doors, located a few steps from where she stood. She ran inside but froze with uncertainty. She searched for the promised escape route but could not see one.
Natir had never been to a dock in her life, but even she could tell this was no dock. It was just a large, square yard paved with stones and surrounded by high wooden walls on all sides.
The visibility was low due to lack of torches. The place smelled horrible, worse than even a pigs’ barn. To her left, there were countless barrels and two-wheel carts left carelessly lying around, occupying much of the yard’s space, which edged the river. A segment of the pavement descended in a sharp slope to the water; located in front of it was a square hole in the half-submerged high walls, barely wide enough for two men to stand side by side. 
Other smaller holes were scattered on the walls, allowing the river water to flow through them to create a current that lead into the larger hole. 
Natir sighed, knowing it would take an experienced fisherman to navigate a small boat through that hole. And there weren’t any boats in sight to begin with. 
“Go, go, don’t stop.” Vitlaz shouted as he reached the entrance. 
“Go where?” Natir shouted back.
“The barrels, get one of the barrels, hurry.” 
Natir realized what their escape method was. She ran to the barrels, reaching them just a few steps ahead of Vitlaz.  The barrels were huge and looked very heavy. Natir hurriedly threw her arms over the nearest one and removed its lid, intending to get a better grip and drag to the water.
An incredibly foul scent slapped her face. It was so strong and so sudden, she hunched over and vomited. 
“What are you doing?” Vitlaz said, “help me with it.” He jumped onto the barrel and held its rim. 
“What?” Natir shouted, wiping the vomit off her chin.
“I said help me. Hurry.”
“Hurry? Hurry with what? That smell can kill! What is that?” 
“Where do you think the people of this town empty their bowels?”
Her eyes widened to their limits, “It’s a shit barrel?”
Natir turned her face with shock between the barrels and the water as it suddenly dawned on her what the ‘dock’ really was. “That’s what this place is? A SHIT DOCK? You want us to jump into a shit barrel. Have you lost your mind?”
“Shit, vomit, leftovers, who cares? It’s empty now, isn’t it?” 
“The fuck it is! I can see a layer of shit scum an inch thick.” 
Vitlaz scoped a handful of scum from the inside of the barrel and showed it to her. “It’s frozen.”
“Your brain is what’s frozen.” 
“You think we got time for this?” 
“I’m not getting in there. My skin will peel off.” 
“Better than having your head roll off, stupid.” Impatient, he scooped and threw handfuls of scum slush at her. “Help me with it, I said, help me with it.”
Natir threw her arms up to protect her face as he rained frozen shit her way, “Hey! Hey, stop!” 
“Help me with it, bitch, we’ve got no time for stupid. Help me.” 
A splash landed on her face. Natir spat the filth off her mouth and shot her fist at him, but missed his head. “Fuck you!” 
Someone shouted from outside the dock, “Who’s there?”
Natir and Vitlaz turned towards the voice. “Are you happy now?” Vitlaz hissed. “Get your stupid ass over here and give me a hand before it’s too late.” 
“But—”
“No argue. Push.” 
The voice from outside repeated, “I said, who’s there?”
Another said, “Go, call the others.”
Cornered, Natir wailed a low tone with dismay. Then she held her breath and helped Vitlaz move the barrel to water.

*   *   *

Gumarich’s men were all over the place when they arrived at the pits. He walked inside with Alfred, Wilhelm, Bertwin and the rest, turning their face between the hole in the wall and the dead guard.
Juovan said, “There’s no need for you to be here, my lord. This is a filthy place. I’m looking into what happened right now.”
A guard approached Juovan, “She’s not here.”
Another said, “We found one of the guards, he’s injured and locked up in a cell.”
Consumed by rage, Gumarich pushed his men out of the way, heading to the stairs.
“My lord!” Juovan yelped.
Gumarich went down to where some of his men has gathered. He looked at the empty cell, then at the other one in which a guard was locked up, half-bare and bleeding from his head.
The guard looked at his lord and said weakly, “The prisoners. They escaped.”
“Was there’s a woman among them?” The guard didn’t answer. Gumarich raised his voice with anger, “I asked, WAS THERE’S A WOMAN AMONG THEM?”
The guard shook his head, “I don’t know. I don’t remember.”
All of a sudden Alfred burst out laughing.
Alfred’s shoulder bumped onto a wall, then his back as he staggered from side to side, clapping his hands and laughing harder than a man gone mad as the greatest men in town were left looking like fools chasing a ghost.
Bertwin said, “Well then, now that I see no reason for me being here, you’ll excuse an old man who needs to retire to bed for what’s left of the night, won’t you, Lord Gumarich?” He threw his arm over the dancer he had been dragging with him and prepared to leave, but turned back to add, “Ah! Also, I believe I forgot my pouch at your court. If you’d be so kind, have someone return it to me. I’ll be at the hospitality house.”
Gumarich was consumed by so much rage, his fragile body trembled and he could barely utter, “Juovan…” Juovan stepped forward. “Your lord has been made fool of.”
Hand on the sword, Juovan hissed, “Not on my watch.”
Chapter 23

RACE END


Natir averted her face as she and Vitlaz tilted the barrel and rolled it over the pavement. She couldn’t help but steal a peek inside and recognized the grim sight: A half-foot of scum slush that had dripped off the barrel’s sides sloshed around its bottom.
She imagined herself standing in the barrel and sailing to safety, but the mere thought of putting her feet in that dark slush sent a judder through her.
They rolled the barrel into the water, face up. Vitlaz nudged her. “Get in and I’ll give it a push.”
“Is there really no other way?” 
“I had enough of this. If you don’t get inside right now, don’t blame me for leaving you behind. Get in, I said. Trust me, I’ve done this before.” 
Whining, Natir wavered, but finally did as he said.
Getting into the barrel turned out to be harder than Natir imagined. The barrel tilted left and right, and it was too heavy to be forced still. As she held onto the rim, the foul slush surrounding it melted beneath her hands and turned into an unpleasant glue on her palms. It marked the back of her thighs as she slid over, causing her to whine with disgust.
“Hurry up,” Vitlaz hissed.
Natir lowered herself slowly inside the barrel. The slush at the bottom struck her feet with its frigid coldness. She pursed her lips together so as not to scream as she felt the liquid filth gush through her shoes and onto her feet.
All of a sudden, Vitlaz gave the barrel a push and jumped into it too.
The barrel rocked as the current swept it away, ripping one scream after another out of Natir as she slipped and fell inside the barrel, onto her hips. Her hands—reaching out on instinct to hold onto something—scraped handfuls of frozen filth between her fingers. Vitlaz’s bulk sent Natir to the barrel’s bottom, onto her side, causing her loud cries and curses to rise into the air.
As repulsive as it had been in her mind, using the barrel to escape was nothing like Natir envisioned. There was no smooth sailing, no chance to stand up, and no visibility at all. A pitch dark, tightly crowded place, turning and spinning in every way, was cold as a lake in winter. Slushy filth splattered them with every turn, with every raise of a hand and kick of a leg, painting them both dark brown as they twisted and turned against each other.
Natir screamed at Vitlaz to get off her as she tried to stand, only to fall down over and over again, as Vitlaz yelled at her to stop moving. Then the barrel hit the high wall next to the hole, sending all the remaining filth stuck on the sides raining over them, before it stopped moving.
Vitlaz shouted, “Oh, shit! Look what you’ve done.”
Natir gasped for air, spitting filth out of her mouth. She tried to get up. “I want out. Get me out of here!”
He raged, “Will you stop moving about? We’re stuck.”
Not listening, Natir pushed her foot against one edge for leverage, and slowly pushed herself up until her head emerged from inside the barrel. She gasped lungfuls of stench-filled air, barely able to see a thing now that the town’s torches and fire pits were practically behind them.
The barrel, now aligned with the high wall, rocked slightly left and right, but wasn’t moving towards the hole.
Vitlaz struggled to haul himself up next to Natir. “We need to push.”
“Worst plan. Worst plan ever, in my whole life.”
He shouted, “Can you stop nagging for one moment and help me push this thing? We need to get it moving.”
A horn sounded at their backs, and drums soon followed.
Natir, careful not to slip again, turned around and wiped the sticky dirt off her face, looking back toward town. “What was that?”

*   *   *

Frowning, Leos turned his face to the window when he heard the horn.
He said to his guests—Bertwin’s men—with the smile of a merchant. “And with this, we have reached the limit of my hospitality, my dear friends. Be careful on your way back.”
“You’re pulling out, Mr. Leos?” Hagen asked.
Vadim added, “After all the money you’ve spent on this?”
“A calculated risk, my good fellows. Trade is not all hording riches, you see, it’s both loss and profit. This time it was a loss,” Leos lectured as he collected his small box of silver bars and went to put it into a secure, large box.
“You can’t be serious.”
“The Gracile has finally made his move. Rest assured that I am very serious.”
Hagen said, “The last message we received from your man informed he’s close to finding her. You can’t pull out of this now. Think of all the silver you’ve spent. You’ve been sending bribes left and right all night.”
Vadim nodded. “Your man could be on his way back with Natir as we speak.”
“Then I will shut my door in his face and pretend I don’t know him, her, or anything about any of this,” Leos said, stunning both his guests. He handed over some silver coins to his servant with, “You know who to give this to. Make sure to remind him that forgetfulness is a magnificent virtue in its own right.”
The servant accepted the coins and hurried out of the room.
“Mr. Leos—”
The sound of drums came through the window, stealing the three men’s attention.
Leos turned to Vadim and Hagen and raised his arm towards the window. “Can you hear? Can you hear the thunder? Rainy seasons are not good for trade.” he joked with a great laugh.
Leos then returned to his guests, waving his hand as he half-lectured, half-humored, “Very soon, Gumarich’s men will be everywhere, swords drawn, separating the villains’ heads from their shoulders, swoosh, swoosh-swoosh! Oh, what a magnificent way to do business that is, given lack of competition.” He laughed. “Nah! This game is over, my friends. But trust there will be many, many more games to play. Providing I live another day to join in, of course.”
Vadim and his friend got off their seats. Vadim gave it one last try. “I don’t suppose there’s anything we can say to change your mind? Surely you must know of ways to get around the Gracile’s interference. And if it’s about how much money you’ve been expecting out of this, then we can still talk. I’m sure our earl, Bertwin, will understand the extra cost.”
Leos turned him down with, “Please don’t bother.”
Hagen said, “Seriously, Mr. Leos, how can you be so calm about this? Had anyone else lost the kind of money you’ve just paid, for nothing, they would be pulling out their hair.”
“Ah, indeed, indeed. So, here is my answer to that,” Leos said. “A good way to look back at it is, not to look back at all. Give this weird advice of mine some time to sink in, my good friend. Give it some time and some thought. In the meantime, you should both take your good leave.” He shook their hands. “I wish you safety on your way back to my dear friend Bertwin. Please make sure to deliver him my regards, and tell him that I look forward to future, more fruitful business opportunities together.”

*   *   *

The horns blew, and the drums of Wenclas roared from the tops of every tower, every keep, and every corner of the great town as the garrisons opened their gates wide and Gumarich’s men swarmed the never-sleeping town.
Horsemen roamed the streets giving commands, and armed guards broke into every business, every home, and every forbidden den, turning the town upside down and causing magnificent uproar and confusion as they dragged every young brunette they could find from their homes, beds, and even the arms of their men.
The women, from outraged highborns demanding to know what was transpiring, to face-down slaves used to mishandling, were all lined up in the cold streets in their fancy dresses, dismal rags, and sleeping dresses alike. The guards’ leaders went through the lines, pointing out the women who matched the description to be sent to the carriages.
A noblewoman yelled at Juovan when she saw him hurry through one street, flocked by tens of his men, demanding he order his men to let go of her arms and tell her why she had been pulled from her home. She raised her voice louder with threats and curses only to see her cries fall on deaf ears.
Juovan gave the woman no heed and continued on his way, issuing his commands. “Who is handling the western side?”
“My men, sir.”
“Make sure they are not intimidated by titled men and women’s gabble. No one is excluded from my command, regardless of who they think they are.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Break into every door and drag them out by their heels if you must. I want this Natir found. Leave no stone unturned.”
“Yes, sir,” the man said and hurried off to carry out his orders.
Juovan commanded another man, “Tell your men to monitor all outsiders closely, especially the carriages of those stopped here on their way to join Valdes. I want to know of any suspicious movements before they might happen, understood?”
“Yes, sir,” his man said, stopped a rider, hopped on his horse, and rode off to fulfill his commander’s order.
A messenger on horseback rode quickly through the street, stopping when he reached Juovan. “Sir, we just received word that Lady Wenclas was attacked.”
Juovan froze, grimacing. “WHAT?”
“Armed men attempted to kidnap her, and her house was set on fire.”
“By who? And where is she now?”
“I don’t yet know the details, but she is unharmed and with some of my men.”
Juovan asked, “And what of my son? Wasn’t he guarding her?”
“I don’t know, sir.”
Juovan mulled over the news with a hard face, then commanded, “Let no one else hear about this. Take Lady Wenclas to the house of the lord, immediately, and put twenty men at her door. The living banner must be protected.”
“Yes, sir.”
“And find my son. Tell him to join me at once. I want to know what happened and who is responsible.”

*   *   *

Even at the most distant corner of Wenclas, Natir felt the power of the sound of drums and horns squeeze her gut like an augury.
“They must have found out about the two men we killed,” she said, her voice tinged with anxiety.
Vitlaz replied, “No, it’s much too soon, and I’ve never heard them sound the horn over a dead man or escapees before. This must be something else.” He motioned with his head towards the rising smoke in the distance highlighted by an orange light of angry flames. “Maybe it has something to do with that fire. In any case, it’s more reason we must hurry. Help me free the barrel.”
She glared at him. “Free the barrel? ARE YOU INSANE?”
“We’ll be insane if we don’t.”
“We’ll be insane if we do. This thing will flip over the moment it drifts into the river.”
“It will not flip over.”
“It will flip, and we will drown.” She grabbed him, sounding desperate, “Listen, Vitlaz, this whole plan was a bad idea from the beginning. We need to turn back. Turn back, or wait to be rescued.”
Vitlaz roared, “You want to hand over our heads?”
“Then we’ll find another way.”
“There is no other way! Woman, look over your shoulder, that is safety right there, and it’s not even three feet away. You can be sitting on the side of the road in no time, waiting for your friends to pick you up. Just help me free this blasted barrel.”
“We’ll drown! Vitlaz, look, this is nothing like I thought it would be. I can’t see my hand in front of my face, my body is covered in frozen shit from head to toe, the barrel is not holding, the water is ice cold, and I can’t swim!”
Vitlaz shook her by her upper arms, “For the last time, woman, I’ve done this before. We will NOT drown. The barrel will NOT flip. And we will NOT have to swim IF YOU WOULD JUST BE STILL, CURSE YOU! Now help me. We can still make it in time to be fished, if we hurry.”
“Fished?”
“I said help me with it, NOW!”
Natir knew she was making a big mistake even worse by listening to Vitlaz, but she had no other choice. She forced herself to help him push the barrel towards the hole, straining with the effort. 
Vitlaz said, “One more. Push harder.”
With her heart beating out of her chest, Natir shut her eyes, sucked in a deep breath, and gave it one last push, freeing the barrel and sending it drifting with the current into the hole in the highwall.
Natir immediately ducked down, screaming, eyes shut hard and her hands pressed onto the barrel’s sides, as it spun and tilted hard every which way. 
As her chest tightened and her heart jumped with fear, Natir mumbled incomprehensible half-words that were nothing but gibberish, though they must have sounded like a prayer in her mind. She could not even hear Vitlaz who kept telling her to shut up and not move.
A wave broke over the barrel’s rim, drenching her with a frigid water. Losing all self-control, Natir snapped, she covered her head and screamed out her very soul. She shouted, “Let me out, let me out!” as she struggled against Vitlaz, who strained to keep her from trying to escape the barrel.
She squirmed with hysteria as she thrashed and kicked against his arms in an act of desperation.
Their shouts unrestrained, Vitlaz twisted Natir’s arms behind her back, and with one leg encircling her, forced her to be still while yelling at her to stop what she was doing.
A distant light sparkled and then disappeared in the dark as swiftly as a flutter of a bird’s wing. It made Natir stop screaming and struggling, and sent her panicked eyes up to the barrel’s head.
There could not have been a more horrifying experience in the world… The pitch darkness. The frigid cold. The sound of water tearing the fragile wood. The black waves breaking over the barrel’s rim. The unnatural sudden turning, tilting and bobbing that made her stomach turn upside down. The sound of her own heart beating like a drum between her ears. The unknown, and the heart-tearing sensation of utter defenselessness as she was left to the mercy of a river god she could not name.
Yet, even in the depth of that river of fears, Natir had caught sight of something that captivated her, enthralling her like magic. As the barrel tilted hard towards the town, in the distance she could see it ever so clearly—the distant lights of Wenclas glittering like stars shining through the dark, as the river carried Natir further and further away.
Vitlaz shook her, shouting, “Have you calmed down now? Are you calm?”
Natir finally heard him. The words made sense at last. But she was yet unable to respond. She just kept staring upwards like a moth to a flame, waiting for her eyes to embrace the distant lights again.
All of a sudden, at a great THUD, the barrel flipped over and frigid water rushed inside. It swirled swiftly around Natir’s body like heavy chains of ice, drowning her scream almost as it escaped her mouth.
Chapter 24

FISHED


Her world under was a sea of horrors.
The terror of suffocation. The dark, and fear of opening her eyes. The bubbling sound that filled her head. The panic. Her body restrained as if demons held her limbs. The blackened state of mind and complete loss of control where no direction made sense and even up-and-down changed at whim. 
None of it felt natural. None of it felt real. It was just all wrong.
Natir drifted—three feet under—as she flung her arms and legs in the water and flipped with the current for what felt like an eternity. Then something happened that frightened her soul out of her body.
The feeling started at her leg and swiftly swirled around her entire body. Natir could not move a limb. She couldn’t even twitch anymore. Something had gotten a complete hold of her and it caused her heart to explode with terror.
The thing she felt couldn’t have possibly be human, nor was it something she had a name for, yet it was alive and as real as her own heartbeats. A creature out of the realm of nightmares, a demon of a thousand tentacles, was touching her skin-to-skin and drawing her in, as if preparing to suck her into its belly.
“Oy! Here comes a second one.”
“There’s more?”
“Who is it?”
Natir coughed water out of her mouth and thumped her arms and legs over river rocks and snow. She was still panicked and fighting off the two men who were cutting at the net encasing her body.
“Hold her! Hold her before she breaks a bone or something.”
“Stop fighting, woman!”
The men held Natir still, on her knees, with her arms forced to her sides, repeatedly yelling at her to calm down until she stopped resisting.
Natir sounded like a dying animal as she gulped in lungfuls of frigid air. Her flesh still shivered with cold and the remnants of hysteria, but the world around her started to again make sense.
“Are you all right now?” one of the men asked.
“Yes,” she answered at last, her voice weak.
“I said are you all right? Did you get your mind back together?”
“Yes… Yes.”
The men let go of her and walked away, “Shish! What was that?”
The moment her arms were freed, Natir collapsed. It shocked her how powerless she had become. She could not stop panting for air and her quivering arms could barely support her upper body from falling over river rocks.
Endless snowflakes descended slowly from the sky.
Hearing voices, she looked over her shoulder and saw a small gathering of seven or eight people around a bonfire. At first, they appeared to be all men, but hearing feminine laughter and voices of at least two women eased Natir’s worries.
A woman came down the riverbank, moving carefully so as not to slip on the rocks.
Cloaked by the dark, the woman appeared to be in her thirties. Her outfit was strange; in fact, it was flat-out horrible. The random pieces of cloth and thick fur sewed together made the woman look like she was wearing bearskin on her shoulders.
“Come here, you,” the woman called to Natir with a hint of laughter in her voice and what appeared to be a towel, as horrible looking as her own clothing, in her hands.
Natir staggered to her feet and approached the woman. She threw the large towel over Natir’s head, and then brought out a short, curved knife.
Though startled, Natir was too weak and shivering too hard from cold to resist or even argue with the woman, who, with the knife, cut the wet clothes right off Natir’s body, leaving her completely bare under the towel.
The woman collected Natir’s clothes off the ground. “Your shoes too.”
“My shoes?”
Someone called, “Hey, what’s taking so long? Bring her here already.”
The woman yelled back, “Shut up, curse you!” She turned back to Natir. “Well? Come on, hand them over.”
Worried she would be seen naked by the men, Natir held the towel tightly to her body and crouched down, took her shoes off under the towel, and gave them to the woman.
The woman headed back to her friends, tossing over her shoulder to Natir, “Follow me.”
Natir lagged behind as she navigated her way over slippery rocks, careful where to lay her bare feet. Her right leg hurt. All the running she did during their escape must have taken its toll on her battered leg and knee, causing the pain to return and increase threefold.
When she reached the bonfire—shivering like a rabbit—Natir was shocked to see Vitlaz as bare before her eyes as the day he was born. He, too, had taken his clothes off but someone must have stolen his towel and they were now making fun of him, men and women alike. As they tossed the towel among themselves, Vitlaz roared with rage as he chased after it from one person to the next, showered by wild laughter and filthy jokes.
Surrounded by strangers drunk with joy, Natir quietly took a seat on a rock close to the bonfire. She clinched her legs together, entrapping the towel between her thighs, and kept one hand at her chest, her fingers closed firmly over the fabric, as she spread her other palm toward the fire.
When her gaze found Vitlaz, Natir looked away for the sight was disgusting. His skinny figure looked like a giant lizard, and he didn’t even have the decency to cover his limp privates as he leapt up and down, lunging for the towel. 
When Vitlaz finally managed to snatch it back and cover himself, he returned to the fire, cursing. “Very funny! You assholes remember this the next time you come to me for a favor. Scum, good-for-nothing forest rats.”
“Forest rat is right.” the men joked.
“It takes one to know one, Vitlaz!”
The two women, lying on their backs in the snow, laughed their hearts out. One of them repeated, out of breath, “Forest rat’s penis. Forest rat’s penis…”
“I’ve never seen one so small.” The other woman laughed.
“Vitlaz, bring it here. I’m in the mood for some acorns tonight.”
“Don’t be mean, giving him a blowjob is never a mouthful!”
As Vitlaz sat near her, Natir said, “Fished. This is what you meant? You promised me we wouldn’t have to swim.”
Vitlaz grunted, annoyed. “We didn’t need to swim.”
“You promised me the barrel would not flip, and we would never be in water.”
“Look, it was the only way, all right? Had I told you the truth, you wouldn’t have had the heart for it. Don’t you realize how you lost your head?” He dropped the towel to his lap and spread his hands to the fire. “We’ve been doing this since ever. It’s our last resort escape route. The town gates are closed at night and all towers are manned, making it impossible to sneak out. So, if someone finds themselves in a pinch and they can’t reach a safe shelter to hide until morning, then that’s the way to go. All the gatherers know if a barrel was spotted drifting down the river, then it might be one of us in need of help, and they will fish them out.”
“Who’s us?”
They were interrupted by a man who joked loudly as he joined them, “Although, most of the time we find nothing but shit inside.”
Vitlaz said. “Ha, ha! You’re killing me.”
“Don’t forget our payment.”
“Yes, yes.”
“The payment, Vitlaz, and the damaged nets, too.”
“I said I’ll pay you, all right? Now knock it off.”
A woman who stood with the others, collecting things off the ground and shoving them in a big bundle, said, “Forest rat’s penis, my payment is separate, you hear? Those towels you two are wearing are mine.”
Vitlaz yelled, “Go fuck yourself!”
“Oh! You prefer to walk back naked, or in wet clothes, which do you like better?”
Vitlaz grunted, didn’t answer, and turned to Natir. “I saw you limping.”
“What?”
“I saw you limping on your way to the fire. Is your leg all right?”
“Yes,” Natir said quietly, “I hurt it earlier. Then I got some pretty bad whipping on the same leg on my way to the pits. When we were making our escape I forgot all about it, but now the pain has returned.”
“How bad is it?”
“It’s okay. I can walk. I just need to be careful not to strain it.”
“I see.”
Natir peeked at what the rest of the group was doing. They were collecting their loot—a whole day’s worth of all sorts of fished-out items. Everyone was busy sorting them as they discussed among themselves which items they intended to take, which to throw away, and which to hide in the bushes and return for later to load onto a cart.
Most of the items were clothes, many of which looked to be in perfect condition. There were also many wood-made items: furniture, engraved boxes, cups, bowls, spoons, trays, and tools of all sorts and shapes. There was even food—whole wheels of cheese, and untouched cooked boars thrown out of town and into the river like garbage.
These people were scavengers, and the garbage of Wenclas was their pot of gold.
A man said, “Well then, it’s time to go.”
“Yes,” Vitlaz replied. He then yelled at the woman from earlier, “Hey, we could use some shoes here. Mahulena, can’t you hear me? Bring us some shoes.”
“I’m busy. Come get them yourself.”
A man raised his voice at his friends, “Are we done yet?”
Someone answered, “Almost.”
“Hurry up. They’ll be patrolling this area any time now.”
Worried, Natir asked Vitlaz as he stood up, “We’re not waiting for our clothes to dry?”
“What clothes? This side of the river is their turf. Whatever they fish out of water is theirs to keep.” Vitlaz turned to leave, “Be grateful it was long ago decided that they get to keep everything, not everyone.”
Chapter 25

ENJOY


It continued to snow. The towel Natir was given was long enough to cover her head like a hood. She was also given a pair of shoes and putties to wrap around her feet, but not before Mahulena repeatedly reminded Natir they were a loan she must soon return.
The men fired up their torches and oil lamps—which were all modified to avoid detection by an additional ring of wide-metal-sheets surrounding the flames with small holes pointing down to reflect as little light as possible, save for the ground—collected their sacks of loot, and headed north, following the river. They kept their chatter to the minimum and their voices low.
To say Natir’s new company looked ‘shifty’ would’ve been a grave understatement. They were downright scumbags, the kind that can turn belligerent at first provocation, and they smelled even worse than they looked.
Natir kept her mouth shut and her actions demure along way so not to draw attention to herself. She could not afford to let her guard down for a moment, her anxiety was so high she almost forgot about the cold she suffered, wrapped in a single layer of thin fabric.
They reached a wide paved road that must have led to Wenclas. The group halted and hid behind bushes from which they inspected both sides of the road carefully before crossing it in a hurry. Reaching the forest on the road’s other side, they continued on their way again.
Doubt poisoned Natir’s thoughts. She could no longer keep it to herself. She called out to Vitlaz, who walked in front of her, “Vitlaz.”
Vitlaz, who was using a stick he’d found as a cane, looked over his shoulder at Natir with a “Hmm?”
“Wasn’t that the road east of Wenclas?”
“It is. And, if the rumor you’ve heard is true, then your friends will definitely pass through there in the morning, but it’s the wrong place for you to wait.”
“How so?”
“It’s too close to the town, and the guards patrol it all the time. You couldn’t stay hidden there for long.”
“Well then, where is the right place?”
He motioned with his head. “That willow tree over there, you see it?”
Natir followed his nod. Even in the dark she could easily recognize the great willow tree he must have meant, towering above all the trees of the forest like a giant, fifty feet high.
“That’s where the paved road ends,” Vitlaz explained. “The guards rarely patrol past that point.”
“But we’re not heading that way.”
He snickered before he answered. His voice was a bit louder now and he no longer looked at her. “Do you intend to start a fire and draw the guards to your place, or do you want to freeze to death, waiting in snow dressed like that? First, we’ll get you some clothes and a warm meal, and then you’ll be on your way. Don’t worry, we have plenty of time.”
Natir was on the alert, a hundred times over what she had been before. Something was definitely wrong about all of this. She could feel it like a burst of heat in her lungs. 
An instinct. A sensation of imminent danger overwhelmed her, warning her not to trust a word he said. Telling her to run away this instant, and never look back.
Natir eyed Vitlaz’s back with cautious eyes, asking herself why a man like Vitlaz would promise her such an act of kindness when not even an hour ago he had locked the holding cell’s bars in her face? Why didn’t he abandon her at the dock when her panic had turned her into nothing but a burden for him? And why had he gone to such lengths, near the end, to ensure her safe escape?
No. None of it seemed right. Natir refused to believe the dim illusion that what they had been through together had changed Vitlaz so quickly.
Trusting her gut, Natir made up her mind to make a run for it.
She stole looks at her company out of the corner of her eye. They were all armed with small weapons, and they surrounded her on all sides like a bracelet to a wrist. Even with her obvious limp, Natir couldn’t hope to fake lagging behind and then jump into the woods unnoticed. No, she was going to have to force her way out of their grasp, and hopefully take them by surprise.
Her body tensed with anxiety, ready to make the jump. Her eyes were set on the man next to her as she waited for him to move just a bit further ahead so that she could run past him from behind.
“We’ve arrived,” Vitlaz declared, surprising Natir.

*   *   *

Natir looked around. At first, Vitlaz’s statement didn’t make sense for she saw nothing but forest around them. But then Natir realized she was looking in the wrong direction. She looked upwards and was shocked by what she saw.
In the shadow of Wenclas, a whole community had sprouted in the dark.
Tree houses—or something like it.
Many lights were lit inside the dwellings. Many voices chattered. Many people lived here. There must have been at least a hundred houses: makeshift shabby homes made of wood logs, uneven wooden boards, branches, hide, and whatever materials people could lay hand on and put together with unskilled hands. The homes looked little more than large boxes laid on tree branches and on pillars disguised to look like trees. The largest was twenty feet both long and wide, but most were half that size. Some were made of several boxes, uneven in height, connected together.
Yet all the homes shared two features: they were above ground level, and very well hidden.
Some of the members of Natir’s group scattered left and right, while people from this settlement joined or shadowed the returned party—exchanging vulgar greetings, casual words, and questions about the things they had scavenged.
Natir’s heart raced with anxiety as she realized the grave danger she unwittingly walked into. The faces of those who inhabited this place told her the scavengers who pulled her out of water were the least of her worries. Natir knew she was in the middle of a den of human scum: hoodlums who thrived on crime, theft, banditry, kidnapping, rape and murder. She would have felt safer crawling into a jar filled with snakes than here.
“Surprised?” Vitlaz asked, looking at Natir from over his shoulder as they walked.
“Wh- um, where did all these people come from? How many live here?”
He laughed, “Who knows?”
“So, is this a village? Or a part of Wenclas, or something?”
“Well, they do know we are here, if that’s what you mean. They just don’t know where.”
“What?”
“They tried to get rid of us many times before, and sent out parties to hunt us down. But they are complete idiots who keep searching all the wrong places. They see us fish for their garbage down the river, so they keep searching for us south, when in fact we live north of the town.”
“And they never suspected something so simple?”
“They have no reason to.” Vitlaz motioned towards the river. “The river floods this area every spring and turns the whole place into a big swamp, well into late summer. The spoiled Wenclas bastards simply can’t imagine anyone willing to live in such a place. It’s also one of the reasons all our houses are above the ground. That way we avoid flooding, and remain hidden from any eyes looking for us.”
Vitlaz stopped and called out toward one of the houses, “Malika. Malika!” He turned to Natir. “This is my home. Malika, have you gone deaf! Where are you?”
“What?” a woman’s voice responded.
“Can’t you hear me calling, you cursed cow? Get down here before I whip you with my stick.”
“I said whaaat is it? I’m cooking.”
“Forget what you’re doing and get down here. We have a guest.”
Natir looked around. About twenty people had gathered. Some were arguing prices as they conducted early-bird deals with the scavengers, but the attention of most was on Natir, whose unfamiliar face and presence generated curiosity and whispers. The presence of women among the crowd did little to ease Natir’s worries.
Natir’s own attention was rapt by the big bellied woman she saw climbing down the ladder of Vitlaz’s home, dressed in layers of dingy gray clothes, a wide woven belt, and a coral scarf over her shoulders.
“A guest you say?” Malika approached them, drying her hands with her scarf.
Vitlaz grunted at Malika, “I swear, your ears are rotting more every day, and that’s more than I can say for your eyes. Can’t you see what I’m wearing? You couldn’t grab some clothes on your way down?”
Malika smacked him across the head. “My eyes are rotting? Perhaps so, but not my mind. Yes, I did see what you’re wearing, and you can freeze to an icicle for all I care.”
“Ungrateful cow. Then do what you’re supposed to be doing and take care of our guest at the very least. You expect me to do everything? My bones are rattling from the cold.”
Malika snorted at him and turned to Natir.
“Pleasure to meet you. I’m Natir.”
“Oh, you poor thing. Look at you, you’re shivering like a wet chicken,” Malika said, softening her voice. “Did they make you walk out in the cold dressed like this? The animals. Come with me, come, the food is not ready yet, but let’s get you a place to sleep and warm up properly.”
“Thank you, but I don’t mean to cause you any trouble, really, and I don’t know how much time I have left. If I can just have a set of dry clothes and a torch, I’ll be most grateful, and I can be on my way.”
Vitlaz snickered, stealing Natir’s attention. “What are you saying, Natir? Do you mean to turn down my hospitality so quickly?”
Natir hastily apologized, “No, that’s not what I said. I meant no offense—”
“Or…” He interrupted, looking sideway at her with a sly smirk, “Did you honestly think I left that town empty-handed?”
Natir’s eyes widened and a chill of fear ran down her spine in an instant as Vitlaz finally bared his fangs.
Before Natir could react and make a run for it, Malika had taken Natir by surprise. She came at Natir from behind—with the help of another woman who appeared out of nowhere—and swiftly encircled Natir’s neck with her fat arm, choking her, and pushed a rag into Natir’s mouth with her other hand, while the second woman restrained Natir’s hands and tried to seize her wrists.
“Get her. Get her, quickly.”
“Get her hands.”
“Don’t let her get away.”
Her mouth gagged, Natir shrieked like a madwoman, her body twisting in their arms and kicking her legs in the air with panic, but a third woman quickly showed up, laughing, and wrapped her arms around Natir’s legs.
“Stop fighting or I’ll choke you.”
A woman laughed, “She’s not going anywhere.”
They ganged up on her so quickly Natir didn’t stand a chance. Before she knew it, she was dragged backwards until her shoulders were pressed against a log. Malika forced Natir’s head back so hard she felt her spine was about to snap in half.
There was laughter, whistles and cheers from all around.
The women—yelling loudly with joy and thrill—quickly brought Natir’s arms around and under the log, holding them in place with pieces of cloth. Exhausted as she was, Natir continued to resist the three women, but to no avail.
When Mahulena saw what was happening she ran to them, shouting, “Hey, these are mine!”
Mahulena hurried out to get the shoes off Natir’s feet—as the other women were still working on Natir’s arms—then ripped the towel right off Natir’s body, leaving her bare as a rose stripped of its petals, under the snowy sky.
“She’s so skinny.”
“Give me your hand. Curses! Stop fighting.”
One of the women unintentionally grabbed Natir’s injured forearm as she was tying up her arm. The pain was so severe, Natir howled as tears filled her eyes.
The last of her strength gone, Natir clamped her bare legs tightly together and stopped fighting, breathing heavily through her nose and waiting for the pain to pass.
Malika grabbed Natir’s bangs and pulled on them, keeping Natir’s head tilted back. She looked Natir in the eye and intoned with mockery, “That’s a good girl. Keep it nice and quiet now.” She patted Natir’s cheek. “Don’t you worry, Mama Malika will take good care of you.”
Vitlaz had climbed onto a nearby rock. He struck the rock with his stick and raised his voice, “All right, hear me out, hear me out, you rotten scum! Come closer, all of you, feast your eyes on a catch, the likes of which will never get to see again! Fresh from the houses of Wenclas’s most elite families: A highborn young woman, the likes of which you can never hope to lay a finger on but in your dreams! Yes, you know who I’m talking about—those snobbish whores who walk over you like dirt and save the cheap meat between their legs for the fat and rich—finally, I’ve got one of them right here, and she’s all yours to buy and rape until we teach her her place.”
Hearing what Vitlaz intended to make out of her, fear nested in Natir’s heart and she wiggled feebly in the women’s hands, unable to free herself, unable to scream, unable to even see what was happening a mere few feet from where she was.
Malika tightened her grip on Natir’s head, extinguishing her revolt, and commanded, “Hush! Be still, sweet face. You’ll be swaddled with so much love.”
A man mocked, “What highborn? That disgusting skinny thing?”
“Any woman stupid enough to fall for your tricks must have been raised in a pig barn.”
“What street did you kidnap that streetwalker from? She is skin on bone. There is nothing to fuck.”
Another laughed, “She looks like a chicken stripped of its feathers.”
Vitlaz intoned, “Is that sooo? Then I guess you lot don’t mind missing out on this.”
Natir felt Vitlaz’s stick poking at her crotch. She panicked and wriggled around, but one of the women laughed and grabbed Natir’s thigh, pulling one of Natir’s legs high to the side while lifting Natir upwards, allowing Vitlaz’s stick to poke Natir’s intimate part.
Natir held her breath and shut her eyes with bitter humiliation as the cold licked her exposed flesh and the stick hurt her skin.
“Look at that,” Vitlaz cheered, “just look at the color. Have you ever had anything so pink and fresh?”
A man said, “Good. You can have it then.”
“Who wants it?”
Natir felt Vitlaz take his stick back. She inhaled a deep breath through her nose while the men’s laughter and Vitlaz’s foul words rang in her ears.
“If you don’t like it, fine! Don’t waste my time. Go back to your homes and jerk it off, you broke fritters. Those who are interested, let me hear your bidding. Who’s going to be the first to have her?”
Some men left. Some joined in. And many more came out simply to enjoy the show.
Her arms tied around the rail, Natir’s chest was pushed out for everyone to see. She felt a man’s hand squeezing her breast. It made Natir revolt and her body jerk like a fish out of water. There was laughter and filthy comments by more than one man. She shut her legs tight when she felt another hand, this time at her high, trying to force its way in between her legs. The women around her yelled and forced the men to take their hands off Natir.
A tear snuck down Natir’s cheek as she listened helplessly to the men joking, mocking, laughing at her, and bidding against one another to decide who would be the first to rape her flesh, with Vitlaz urging the crowd to bid higher—selling her like a piece of meat.
Cheap as it was, when the bidding reached half a denarius, a scuffle happened between two men who bid the same amount at the same time.
Vitlaz interrupted the fight before it escalated to thrown fists, declaring, “You both go first.” 
One bidder shouted, “That wasn’t the deal!”
Vitlaz affirmed, “I’m not selling her first taking for less than a denarius. You will pay half a denarius each, and both of you get to have her at the same time, or I’m not selling.”
“If we’re going to have to share, then half a denarius for both of us is plenty.”
“Are you making a joke? You can’t buy a stick for half a denarius! Get lost, I’m not selling. Anyone else? A highborn’s first taking for just one denarius. It’s a once in a lifetime deal. Anyone else?”
“Half, for both. Take it or leave it.”
Gritting his teeth, Vitlaz reluctantly agreed, “Take her!” As the two men proceeded to take Natir, Vitlaz immediately turned his attention to the rest of those gathered. “Who wants to go next? Come on, come on. Second in line, let me hear your bids.”
Her screams, muffled by the gag in her mouth, made Natir sound like a struggling animal being led to slaughter as she fought with all the strength she had left against the two men who untied her hands and dragged her in-between them.
Natir glued her feet to the ground, and pulled her arms in every way, trying to free herself. The men cursed and slapped her face, but she wouldn’t surrender to their will. Finally, the men resolved to carry the nude, struggling girl to wherever they intend to have her; one man wrapped his arms around her arms and chest while the other grabbed her legs.
Natir squirmed and struggled desperately in their grasp as she  heard Malika, laughing, telling the men to “Enjoy.”
Chapter 26

The Ninth Hour


Natir was abruptly taken into one of the tree houses.
It was a box by every meaning of the word. It was very humid, made of uneven logs, with a space of about ten feet in length and width. It had no windows, doors, or anything of the sort, only a hole at one end that led straight to a ladder.
An oil lamp shined overhead, hung from the ceiling. The floor was covered with a thick pile of hides, pieces of cloth, and small wooden items thrown about. The whole place smelled of an awful odor, a mixture of fish and human urine so foul it turned Natir’s stomach.
The men struggled to force her through the hole and into the tree house, as she never stopped resisting for a moment. Once she was inside, they shoved her to the floor. One man pulled her arms over her head and kneeled on her forearms as he hurried to remove his shirt.
The other man grabbed her thighs, intending to spread her legs and immediately get into it. She twisted over the floor and tried to kick at him, but he held her legs firm.
“Be still!”
“Bitch, don’t cause trouble.”
Natir only struggled harder. She managed to spit the rag out of her mouth and, immediately, her screams filled the place, wild cries and a desperate “NO!” that pierced the men’s ears like needles.
The oldest of the two men quickly let go of her legs, kneeled over her midriff, and grabbed Natir’s head with both hands by her hair and jaw—forcing her mouth to remain wide open.
“Stop screaming.” He groaned with rage, shaking her head.
“I’m going first,” the other man said, trying to pull down his leather pants.
The older man let go of Natir’s hair to give the younger man a shove to the shoulder. “The fuck you are!”
“I’m going first.”
The older man cried with pain as Natir suddenly revolted again and bit his palm.
“Bitch!” Grabbing her bangs, he pulled her head upwards and landed an unrestrained punch to her head.
The punch was so severe, her head rebound against the floor and her sight blurred with a white flash of pain. Then—almost immediately—the man covered Natir’s face with his palm as he cursed and repeatedly rammed the back of her head against the floor.
Natir was reduced to little more than a rag in his hand. Growls of pain spat out of her mouth, and her legs jerked freely in the air for a few moments before she passed out in his grasp.
And the beating was yet to stop…

*   *   *

For a time, Natir wavered in and out of consciousness, unable to gather her thoughts enough to comprehend a thing of what was going on around her.
The sound of her panting breaths. The feeble moans. The rocking of her body. The fleeting glimpse of the oil lamp slowly teetering overhead, and the vague image of animal fur filling her sight. This was all she knew.
Suddenly, an eruption of fear rattled her heart, causing her to jerk back to her senses as she realized what was happening: Atop her lay a man. A stranger. His face—which she saw in a momentous flash of clarity— was sweaty, red, and so very different from the other two who had brought her here. Stark naked, he groaned loudly with animalistic joy as he worked on her, raping her, and clasping her battered flesh everywhere.
Hysteria instantly overcame Natir. One moment she was lying under him as full of life as corpse, the very next, she burst out fighting with all she had. 
She went insane. Mad with terror. Her growls were like those of an animal. Her legs kicked in the air, her body squirmed over the floor, and her hands clawed at his face with true hate.
The man, taken by surprise, grunted with shock and pain. He yelled at her to stop. He yelled at her to lie still, and desperately tried to hold her down, tried to grab her wrists, drive her hands off his face and force them down, but it was like fighting a woman possessed. She clawed at him with such mad rage she bloodied his face with her fingernails. Her fingers dug at his eyes, in his mouth, pulled at his head so furiously she ripped strands of hair out of his scalp, and attempted to tear his face with her teeth.
He got off her, on his knees, with Natir still coming at him, and managed to strike her with his forearm, sending her down onto her side.
He turned around for no more than an instant—cursing and quickly reaching for his cloth—when Natir immediately jumped at him again from behind, holding a piece of hide she had snatched from the floor, and covered his face with it.
Both of them howling, howling to no end, as they struggled against one another for a few moments of messy fighting.
The man desperately tried to rip the piece of leather off his face to drag a breath.
Natir managed to wrap the hide over his entire head, and forced him backwards, over herself. Her legs wrapped around his waist, forcing him down with her weight, and her arms surrounded his neck and his head, tightly, refusing to let go despite how hard he tried to rip her arms off his head.
His legs kicked into the air and his body wriggled about in every way, but the more he struggled the tighter she held him down, choking him to death and howling with the full strength of her voice.
His gasps for air grew louder and louder until he went still in her grasp, and his arms dropped onto the floor.
Natir panted loudly, gulping air into her burning chest. A moment later his body suddenly stiffened. It jerked and quivered in her arms like in a seizure of epilepsy, prompting Natir to swiftly tighten her grip on him again.
Her arms squeezed at him so hard she could have snapped his neck in half without knowing she had, her back arched beneath him, and her legs refusing to let go of his waist until he finally went still, dead in her arms at last, and the foul scent of his urine filled the air.
Natir crawled backwards on her hands and elbows. She curled in on herself in a corner, shaking all over, gasping for air, and staring at him with wide eyes like a frightened cat.
She wiped something off her face and looked at it—now stuck to the palm of her hand. Panicked, she tucked her hand between her thighs and did the same. 
For a time, she stared at her open palm with horror, unable to gather her thoughts. Unable to believe this had really happened to her yet again. Unable to believe this could have been anything but a nightmare. Her body stank, her skin shone with the strangers’ sweat, and their foul ejaculate coated her face, her belly, and her sex.
Not even as a freewoman could she hope to escape this horrid fate.
Grief spread swiftly through Natir’s chest and tears gathered in her eyes until she could no longer recognize her own hand in front of her face.
She tried to fight it. She tried to overcome the harrowing feeling. She held her breath in and gave it her everything just trying to hold back the tears. Trying to contain the pain. But so great was her sorrow, it coursed down her cheeks and watered her bare thighs like warm drips of summer rain.
Natir broke; she covered her face with the palms of her hands and sobbed ever so tenderly.
Not knowing what had happened to her when she was unconscious, was worse than the happening itself.

*   *   *

Malika stood on a wooden deck in the dark, not far from the entrance of the tree house. Here they did their cooking and kept all of the pots and cooking tools, lain out on small tables, dangling from ropes, and hanging on the outer wall of the house.
She set her large cooking knife on a stand next to the fire, grabbed a wooden spoon, and was about to dip it into a pot filled with boiling water—with a piece of meat flipping on the surface—when she heard Vitlaz yell at her again.
“Malika? Malikaaa?”
She turned around and yelled at the wall behind her, mad with impatience, “WHAT?”
“Where is my dinner, you slow cow? Might as well call it breakfast any time now.”
“It will be ready when it’s ready!”
“I’m starving.”
“And whose fault is that? Who used up all the water I boiled earlier to wash his stinking body—hah? The whole house stinks because of you. Just hang on, it’s almost ready.”
Vitlaz yelled again, “Well hurry up. I’m almost done bathing, and I want to eat!”
“I said it’s almost ready, now shut up!”
Shaking her head, Malika turned her attention back to the cooking pot when a hushed squeak touched her ears. She threw a glance at the nearby suspended bridge connecting them to the next tree house: it was swaying faintly as it would have from a blow of wind, but she did not see or hear anything else.
Malika ignored it. She tossed aside the spoon with frustration, grabbed a hook hung on one of the ropes and used it to fish the piece of meat out of the pot. She set down the hook and blindly reached for the knife a couple of times, but her hand missed it.
Malika turned her face towards the stand, perplexed, as her knife wasn’t there.
She doubted herself as to where she must have put the knife and turned around to search for it when she saw, in the flash of her motion, eyes filled with insane rage glaring at her through the dark, and felt the knife cut through her throat faster than a thunderbird flitting through the sky.
It happened so quickly Malika didn’t have the chance to process what had just happened. Her hand flew to her widely open throat and she dropped face down onto the floor, gasping for air. 
She could not scream. She could not move her legs. The wound in her neck was so wide that her fingers touched nothing but an empty space gushing with warm blood and thick body fluids, as if a whole piece of flesh had been ripped from her neck.
Panicked, Malika dragged herself to the door, using her arms, when someone stomped on her hand to stop her. She tried to free her shaking arm but was too weak to do it.
Natir—dressed in clothes she had scavenged from the other house—crouched down next to Malika, glaring at her and playing the knife in front of Malika’s terrified eyes. When Malika tried to free her arm again, Natir stepped from over Malika’s body, held the woman’s arm down with one hand and worked the knife at Malika’s elbow, sawing it deep to the bone, then did the same to the other arm, rendering Malika motionless.
Natir returned to her earlier spot, crouched over the floor, not saying a word, watching the big woman twitch and gargle to death like a slaughtered boar.
Something caught Natir’s eye: a thin, broken twig lay next to her. Natir put the knife aside, took the twig instead, and stared at it for a moment. Then she smirked with vengeance and carefully pushed one end of the twig through the vast wound in Malika’s neck and wriggled it around in the dying woman’s throat.
Malika’s body suddenly jerked all over the floor as if in a silent seizure. A splatter of blood sprayed in Natir’s direction and onto the wall behind her as the woman’s big head jerked up and down, banging the floor several times. The awful sight lasted for a few moments before the woman’s body lay flat on the floor again.
Natir suppressed a giggle. She manipulated the twig again.
She looked like an insane woman giggling in the dark, repeatedly pushing the twig into Malika’s throat and watching, with unmatched amusement, how the big woman jerked and twisted with terrible agony before her eyes until she died.
Natir still poked her—pushing the twig into Malika’s throat, then into her eye, gouging it, without any reaction from the dead woman.
She got to her feet, staring strangely at the twig, then threw it away.
“Malikaaa! What are you doing out there? Where’s my food?”
Natir turned towards the door—a smile, more fitting of a monster than of a human, blossomed on her lips.

*   *   *

Inside the house, Vitlaz sat on a stool in front of a small clay fireplace where fire burnt. His wet body was wrapped in a large towel, and he used a smaller one to dry his head.
“Malika—” He raised his voice, but held his shout right after as he heard the door opening. He continued more normally, “Well it’s about time, you cow.”
Vitlaz heard footsteps approaching him from behind. He tapped his palm over a wooden stand placed in front of him. “Put it here,” he said, and resumed drying his head, “then come massage my feet. My heels are hurting.”
He froze, motionless with shock, as he saw the slender white arm extend slowly from right above his shoulder to place a dish filled with steaming broth and a piece of roast meat on the stand. Next to the dish, the feminine fingers gracefully played to set down a metal fork and large knife dewed with blood, before smoothly retreating back.
Sensing death breathing down his neck, his wariness grew and beads of sweat formed on his forehead. Vitlaz slowly reached out his hand to the knife. His hand trembled, but his voice intoned with playfulness.
“Why, Malika, Malika, my dear. Am I so tired that my eyes are deceiving me? Or have you—LOST SOME WEIGHT!”
Vitlaz snatched the knife and jumped, spinning on his heel with the knife raised high in the air, only to find himself suddenly frozen, unable to move a single muscle as Natir had grabbed his wrist before he could swing the knife down at her, and thrust a hook she was holding with her other hand right through his throat, puncturing his neck end to end.
Her eyes were like those of a true demon, and her breath, venomous. She hissed in his face, “This is my Ninth Hour.”
The knife slipped from between his fingers and clanged over the floor.
Natir swiftly swung her arm—the one holding the hook—rocking Vitlaz sideways, out of balance, and dragged him to the center of the tree house.
Unable to scream, Vitlaz struggled with panic, his feet scrambled at the floor, and he squeezed desperately at her forearm with both hands, trying to free himself, but she dragged him forth by his neck, threw the rope—attached to the hook—over a beam laid across the ceiling, and pulled.
His hands were at his throat and the rope, scrabbling like a struggling cat. His legs kicked crazily in the air, and his cries were bloodcurdling, silent hisses as Natir hung him by a hook through his throat, mere inches off the floor.
Natir hastened to tie the other end of the rope to a log, inhaled a deep breath, then made her way back to him, strolling, practically standing on her toes as her feet kissed the floor with ever so elegant, slow steps beaming with feminine glory, like those of a woman of the night.
She easily seized his hands one at a time and tied them behind his back with his towel to keep him from freeing himself.
Natir carefully laid her forefinger on him and traced an invisible line across his struggling body as she spun around him before giving him a poke that sent him swinging sideways. She retrieved the knife from the floor, let out the sweetest sigh, and headed towards the stool where she took a seat and started having her meal.
Her eyes, as her smile, were to him the whole time as she cut the meat and chewed on the juicy little pieces in her mouth, enjoying the flavor, with no rush at all.
The far cries of men shouting touched her ears. Natir’s face darted towards one of the walls and a frown formed over her eyes as she realized her escape had been discovered.
Natir abandoned her meal, grabbed the knife, and returned to Vitlaz. She ran her palm up and down his side like someone examining a piece of hung meat. He was still alive, but his limbs hung limply, and he no longer struggled save for the shivers of his body.
His throat, pulled forth wildly by the hook, was a sight to stop and wonder at. The skin was so strained, it looked like a piece of meat was going to rip off his throat at any moment; his mouth was wide open, quietly gargling for air; and his head tilted hard to the back. Natir had to lean down to look him in the eye.
With an alluring flutter of her eyelids, Natir whispered and moaned softly, her voice never sounding so beautiful in her life. “The gods know it’s too good of a death for you … but … I need to hurry.”
She moved a step back, put her knife straight against the lower end of his abdomen, and cut the skin end to end. His body wriggled with agony as his guts blobbed down at her feet all at once, prompting Natir to take a small step back and look down.
“My, oh my.” She stepped forth, tilting her head from side to side as she whispered, “Is that your liver under my shoe—?”
She stepped over the large organ with the toes of one foot and gave it a twist. His guts were still connected to his body and his immense pain was clear despite his inability to scream.
“—hm? Or is something else? It’s hard to tell. It all stinks just the same.”
Natir took a step to the side and leaned toward his face. “That’s it. Perfect. Don’t give up too soon. Keep fighting. Do it, ahahnn, please, do it, do it for me. I want to believe you suffered like this for as looong as it can possibly be.” 
She headed to the door, grabbed a cloak on her way, and whispered once more before she disappeared into the dark.
“Keep fighting…”

*   *   *

Using the dark and the trees, Natir made her way out of the scavengers’ settlement undetected.
She had no torch at hand. Natir thought she had lost her way through the forest several times before she caught glimpses of the great willow tree, towering over all the trees of the forest, assuring her with each glimpse that she was heading in the right direction.
She stumbled over a slippery rock as she reached the willow tree at last and had to lay her hand on its great trunk to not fall. Her face brightened when she recognized the shape of the paved road, which ended nearby and gave way to a dirt road marked by the countless traces of wagons and travelers.
From here forth, safety began, illuminated by the alluring promise of her soon-rescue at the hands of the people she came to call her own.
She heard a great rumble in the air. Natir lifted her face towards an angry dark sky, tainted by swiftly moving clouds.
There was a thunder in the east, and to the west she gazed at the distant lights of a magnificent town, rotted with sin, like a drunken woman of the night lying on her side in a dress sparkling with gold dust, laughing into the air, her wine yet to stop spilling from over the rim of a cursed cup that refused to ever go dry.
Natir frowned. Her heart, her eyes, and every fiber of her being were filled with so much hate it transcended the mere resentfulness of the mad doings of men, to an insane loathing of every soul, every living thing, and every stone of that town. 
She pushed against the tree and made her way down the road, not looking back. She walked for some distance, searching, until she found a suitable place to lay hidden.
She stepped between the bushes and crouched down with her back to a tree, fixed the cloak over herself as best she could, embraced herself against the cold, and waited for dawn to shine its light on her.
The frigid cold of snow snuck onto Natir’s feet and her back. Her body was exhausted beyond its limits. Her wounds and bruised flesh hurt all over. Yet her eyes constantly scanned the dark; she wouldn’t risk closing them for a moment’s rest. And in her shivering hands she kept the knife close to her chest. Her fingers closed over the handle so tightly, her knuckles turning white.
She waited…

*   *   *

The stiffness of Hallstein’s balled fists steadily loosened, her fragile body stopped trembling, and her breath went calm at last.
A sigh escaped her lips, and she muttered in her sleep, “It has passed.”
Alediya—who sat next to her, holding Hallstein’s hand between her palms this whole time—witnessed the change with doubt and with much relief.
She leaned over the fair sleeping face, wiped Hallstein’s moist forehead and cheek with the palm of her hand like she would to a sick child, and syncretized her every expression until she was certain Hallstein was back to normal.
Alediya exhaled a great sigh of relief, took the oil lamp, and tiredly made her way to the door.
She grabbed the handle.
“And so, it shall return.”
Alediya froze. Her eyes wide with sudden terror, she felt a frightening chill inundate her body, so much so that she could not move.
It was not Hallstein’s voice she had heard just now. 
This was something totally different. A voice out of this world. A voice from the realm of nightmares. A voice that belonged to no other than the thing she had seen in the illusion she had had when she first entered this room.
Alediya spun on her heel with panic but saw nothing but sweet Hallstein lying peacefully on her bed.
Hallstein slowly turned in her sleep onto her side—with her back to Alediya—and the thin sheets partially fell from over the bed, exposing the slender white legs to the cold, exactly like Alediya had witnessed a hundred nights before whenever she watched over Hallstein in her sleep.
Alediya stared silently at Hallstein for a time. She looked down at her own hand—the one holding the oil lamp—and saw it trembled. She grabbed it with her other hand, trying to put her arm under control. Trying to stop it from shaking so. Telling herself this was but another illusion, a trick pulled on her by no one other than her own aged mind. She forced herself to believe it.
And yet, she could not stop her hand from shaking, calm her heaving chest, or explain the fear rattling her heart.
Chapter 27

Fracture


[ the hour of dawn ]
“Father… Fatherrr.”
Bertwin woke up on the sound of Antigone calling him. He grunted as he straightened up in the bed and rubbed his eyes.
“Father!” Antigone, no longer waiting outside, made her way through the beaded curtain, glaring at him with a childish frown.
“What? Didn’t I teach you better than to walk into a man’s room uninvited?”
“But it’s dawn. Everyone is already preparing to leave. You promised that you would wake up early and come with me to buy the rest of the things I wanted.”
“Ah!” Bertwin groaned uncomfortably as he vaguely remembered, “Right, right.” He lay back down and pulled the cover over himself. “You go dress up, I’ll be up in a moment.”
She stomped her foot to the floor. “I am dressed up.”
Bertwin didn’t move. Antigone approached the bed, put her little palms on his back and shook him. “Father. Father. Fatherrr!”
“Father is sleeping.”
“Don’t be a liar. If you don’t come, I’ll ignore you until we’re back home… I will never speak to you again.”
He only rocked feebly under the cover.
Antigone wrapped her arms across her chest. “Fine. Be like that. I won’t ask you to come. Close your eyes and sleep. Sleeeep. Sleep good!” She walked out. 
A moment later Bertwin heard her say, “Can I take that bucket of water? I have a big lazy bird to wake up.”
Bertwin jumped out of bed and made after her, laughing, “Oh, you want to throw a bucket of water at me, you sly little minx? Come here, you!”
The sound of Antigone’s giggles, excited running, and wild yelps filled the hospitality house as Bertwin chased her—leaving behind, at the foot of the other end of his bed, the body of the dancer he had dragged into his room last night.
She lay naked in a humiliating stance, her face beaten, her flesh raped, and stabbed in the eye by her own dagger, wedged deep into her skull.

*   *   *

In a narrow alley, at the first light of dawn, Juovan stood with some of his men over Amyntas’s body.
The old man’s face was full of grief as he stared down silently at his Macedonian companion for a long time before he bent the knee next to him.
He took his glove off, closed Amyntas’s eyes, and gently patted the blood-soaked hair with the palm of his hand.
“Why…? Why did you leave before me?”
A messenger came running, “Sir Juovan… Sir Juovan?”
“WHAT?”
“Our lord Gumarich demands your presence.”
He roared, “So what? Is the world ending? Can’t an old man be spared a moment to grieve his loss?”
Juovan’s gaze returned to Amyntas. His lower lip trembled as he spoke, “Forgive me, my friend, my brother in arm, and my son… Duty is calling. And we are men of duty.”
Juovan got to his feet to address his men standing nearby. 
His voice hissed with rage, “Let Zeus in all his might and glory witness my oath, and all the gods of this land, and beyond: I will find out who did this, and with this hand I shall rip their heart of their chest, if it costs me my last breath.” He panted with exhaustion. “As for now… As for now, please look after him. Not because this old man orders you to, but because he asks you: Please. Look after him until I return.”
The old man went on his way, calling back with a voice marred with sorrow, “He was a son to me.”

*   *   *

Alfred gave the signal to move out.
The column made its way over the bridge, out of Wenclas. Joining them now was the full force of the Ulaky, as both clans headed out east to meet with Valdes’s army.
Few men had had the time to connect with old ties or form new ones to prompt any exhilarating goodbyes. Only a few women of the night—who leaped out of the wagons before they moved—yelled for the men with cheers and sweet promises.
The clans marched for but a short distant before a woman in ragged clothes emerged from between snowcapped bushes and stood quietly at the side of the road.
Natir saw Alfred at the lead, riding tall on the back of his horse with the gleaming pride of a leader. He casually passed by while pretending not to see her. But—even if Natir had not seen for herself the smirk on his face—she still knew better than to let his act get to her.
Alfred was just being Alfred. And if the air around him told her anything, it was but his absolute confidence that Natir was going to find her way back to him, on her own.
A man of the Ulaky rode forth after seeing Natir. He leaned at his earl Bertwin’s side to whisper, “That woman just now. She matches the description.”
“I know,” Bertwin said, not looking back.
“You want us to get her? We—”
“It’s too late for that now,” Bertwin interrupted. “Let her be. Don’t worry, we’ll get another chance at her soon enough.”
A wagon stopped near Natir, and the arm of a friend reached out to her.
Natir climbed into the wagon with Teyrnon’s help; there were more people inside than she remembered:
Teyrnon asked if she was all right—Natir said nothing.
A man she didn’t recognize got off the floor to make room for her.
Volk and Gull sat on one side of the wagon. One of them smirked at her, then resumed trimming his nails with a small knife without a care in the world. The other threw a bota-bag of water into her arms, then looked away.
She was surprised to see Irenka in there too. Natir stared at her for a moment, which was all Natir had left in her to do, before she silently made her way to her usual corner and collapsed like a rock.

*   *   *

Near dusk, the three men who had joined their commander, Juovan, at the alley earlier in the morning, were hurriedly summoned into one of the keeps.
Their weapons were taken from them, and the room they were led into had several guards stationed inside.
The place was quiet.
None of the guards present spoke or seemed to know what this summoning was about. All anyone knew was that the signs were bad enough to call for concern.
They heard Juovan’s footsteps approaching. He entered the room and paced back and forth in front of the men, glaring at their faces, his hands joined behind his back.
“There are no clues yet as to who is responsible for the murder of Amyntas. No one has seen or heard anything, and the few witnesses who came forth had nothing of value to offer.” Juovan spoke quietly but his tone exposed the rage he struggled to contain. “As for the assailants responsible for the attack on the living banner and the burning of her residence, we have little description of them: a small man called Volk, a brutish warrior of great figure, and another with no distinctive features. What is that to work with? Even by Wenclas’s own account, they could have been anybody. And the missing woman from the Dog-Cage? There is no sign of her, either… Our lord is furious, and rightfully he should be. Too many incidents for one night. Too many failures. And the level of corruption and lack of discipline among our ranks is an embarrassment—I alone deserve to carry its burden. But that is not what I called the three of you here for.”
Juovan stopped in front of them in a moment of tense silence.
“I gave you an order…” he hissed, then suddenly exploded, shouting, “LOOKING AFTER AMYNTAS’S BODY WAS AN ORDER I GAVE THE THREE OF YOU, MYSELF! Now I’m being told, he was cremated somewhere. A highborn, from one of the most noble houses. A true soldier. A man of duty, honor and bravery, had his body tossed among tens of others, among the rotten corpses of thieves, criminals, sick, whores and lowlife scum of this town. All tossed together in some hole in the forest and set on fire… Cremated. CREMATED LIKE THE COMMONERS!”
“He was dead,” one of the men said. “What else did you want us to do with him—cover him in snow and stand guard?”
Juovan lurched forward, grabbed the man by his clothes, and hissed through gritted teeth, “Amyntas was a highborn. He was to be washed with oils on the hands of maidens! He was to be dressed properly for the journey to the afterlife! He was to be sung for! And I was to carry out my duty towards him, place these coins on his eyes and lay his body in a tomb worthy of his stature before I closed the stone on his resting place with my own two hands!”
The man grabbed Juovan’s hand—the one in which he held two silver coins—and stared strangely at it.
He looked at Juovan and hissed, “This isn’t your land, old man. Your strange ways, and the gods you worship, have no place here.”
“Veles favors quick cremation,” another man said. “We did only as the gods commands and cremated his body like any Boii would have done.”
Juovan shouted at him too, “But he wasn’t a Boii, was he?”
“No, he wasn’t,” the first man said, “And neither are you. If there’s any misfit in this happening, it’s not what we did, but what you were intending to do… We are Cech. We are BOII! You want us to bury our dead like the dogs bury their waste?”
Juovan let go of the man and retreated backwards, hissing and yelling with rage, “Barbarians… All of you… A breed of SAVAGE BARBARIANS IS WHAT YOU ARE! Ignorant. Illiterate. No understanding of discipline, social status, and the value of law and orders! You are little more than talking animals! I should have you all executed, if for nothing else for failing to carry out your commander’s order!”
Juovan froze for a moment, catching his breath and turning his gaze from one face in the room to the next, only to be met by eyes filled with disgust and harsh looks of contempt.
He forced himself to calm down, turned his back to them and waved his arm with obvious tiredness. “That would be all… Leave. All of you leave me alone for now.”
Once his men had left the room, Juovan reached for a jug with a shaking hand, poured himself a cup and drank it in a hurry. Wine leaked out of the corners of his mouth, onto the floor.
The incident had opened his eyes. 
The looks he read on the men’s faces—the silent disapproval, anger and contempt—exposed the hidden fracture between himself and them. And it was deeper and much too serious for a commander to ignore.
Chapter 28

WORDS


Two days had passed…
No one questioned Natir about what had happened to her on that horrid night, nor did she feel like opening up about it. So they all just let her be.
Natir’s wounds were yet to heal, and she still limped a little when walking, but she did recover much of her strength and—with Irenka’s help—she was determined to put that vitality to good use and finish what the two of them started in Wenclas without further delay.
“Done,” Irenka declared.
Natir was in her loincloth, kneeling inside the wagon, while Irenka worked on her hair from behind. 
Irenka moved in front of Natir, where the oil lamp provided a better view, and took a couple of steps backwards to admire her work. “It looks much better.”
Natir reached out her hand and felt her new braid. Her hair was soaked with sweet scented oils that gleamed beautifully beneath the light, and even though she could not really see what her hair now looked like, she didn’t really need to for she sensed what great work Irenka must have done on her. “Thank you.”
When Natir looked forward, she caught Irenka staring at her wounded arm—wrapped with fresh bandages.
Irenka immediately shook off the troubled expression and summoned a smile. “It will heal.”
Natir held her forearm. “Yes.”
“As for the bruises, remember what I told you: rubbing honey on your skin will make wonders. You wouldn’t believe how fast it will accelerate the healing.”
 Natir giggled. “Where am I supposed to get something so expensive out here?”
“Yes, well, I heard that cows’ waste works just as good. But don’t take my word.”
A woman’s voice called from the outside, “Irenka?”
“Just a moment,” Irenka said to Natir, then moved to the wagon’s entrance and pushed the flaps open.
Natir heard the woman speaking again. “It’s the best one I’ve got.”
“Thank you,” Irenka responded, “it’s so pretty, it will do just fine. I’ll make sure to return it tomorrow.”
“Oh, by all means. What’s the hurry? Please take your time,” the woman said to Irenka before she peeked into the wagon and waved her hand at Natir with a big smile. “Remember me.”
No clue coming to mind as to who the woman was or when Irenka had the time to form new friendships, Natir asked as soon as Irenka returned to her—holding in her arms a blue woolen dress embroidered with silver threads and colorful stones.
“Who was that woman, and why is she lending us a dress?”
Irenka poked Natir’s head, “Not us, silly. You.”
“But I don’t think I know her.”
“You do now,” Irenka said, signaling Natir to stand up. She explained as she dressed Natir, “Her name is Vestana, and she’s a friend of yours as of yesterday, so remember her face and say hello to her every once in a while, will you?”
“I—”
“You have much to learn about people,” Irenka interrupted. “Nothing motivates them more than greed. It seems she heard the rumors about the relationship you have with your earl, as did everyone else, but she didn’t yet have the chance to approach you. So, when I accidentally mentioned that you plan on seeing him tonight, and that you could use a good dress, she volunteered to lend you hers all on her own, and hopes her small investment will yield a fruit of gratitude in the future. You know, when you become his solitary companion.”
“Oh.”
“You need to learn how to take advantage of the things you have. Of the men you have. Or you won’t get anywhere in this life.” Irenka fastened the belt around Natir’s waist, made her spin around, and declared, “Perfect.”

*   *   *

Irenka came out of the wagon first, near where Teyrnon and Volk—forced to wait outside—stood next to wagon positioned in the opposite direction.
She helped Natir climb down before she exhibited Natir to the men’s eyes and asked, “Well, what do you think?”
Volk shrugged, “It looks great, no matter what I think.”
Natir rolled her eyes while Irenka stared daggers at Volk. “No one was asking you.” She turned her gaze to Teyrnon.
He stammered, “Oh, uh, she looks, wow! She looks absolutely wonderful.”
Volk whispered in a singsong tone, “I’ll tell Olfaaa.”
Irenka ignored the dead crowd of two and turned to Natir instead. She held Natir’s hands and made her goodbye. “Never mind the fools. You are dressed to charm. You remember the things I taught you?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t stress out, and don’t try them all at once. Read the atmosphere, and let it flow smoothly.”
Natir asked, worried, “Do you really want to go back to Wenclas?”
Irenka snickered. She looked around her at the horses, bulls and goats of the column, surrounded by snow and harsh wilderness. She moved a couple of steps backwards, spread her arms to the sides and spun around. “You mean do I really want to leave all of thisss… and go back to one of the richest towns in the world, the one I came to call my pouch, and my home? You’re right. I must be out of my mind.”
With a sweet laugh on her lips, Irenka made her way to the other wagon. She called over her shoulder, “Take care, Natir. Make sure to drop by my store on your way back and let me know how your night went… You, out of my way, creep.”
Irenka got into the back of the other wagon with Teyrnon’s help, exchanged a hushed word with him mellowed by their smiles, then knocked at the wagon’s ceiling to signal the wagoner to move out.
Natir watched Irenka and Teyrnon, their hands clasped, until the distance broke them apart. 
Raising her arm, Natir bid Irenka farewell.

*   *   *

When night settled upon the wilderness, Natir made her way to Alfred’s tent where Agatha stood guard.
The two women eyed one another for a time, not saying anything, and not backing off, until a snicker escaped Agatha and painted her lips with a silly smile.
Agatha moved to the side and—with a mocking motion—she opened the tent’s flaps for Natir, inviting her to go inside.
Natir entered. She found Alfred standing at the center of the tent with his back to her, reading a letter on a leather parchment. He momentarily glanced at her over his shoulder before resuming what he was doing.
Silence stretched…
She waited. Her diligent gaze upon the great shadow he cast onto the tent’s sidewalls, as the flames in the clay fireplace crackled, and the aroma of burning wood tickled her senses on this crisp winter night…
Alfred sighed and tossed the parchment onto a nearby stand.
“I tried to find you.” He turned to Natir, “But it was like chasing a ghost.”
“I know.”
“They told you?”
“No. I just know that you did.”
Alfred chuckled; he took a seat and said with a wave of his hand, his voice ringing with satire, “Because I love you?”
“Yes and no. You may not love me the way I love you. But it is love nevertheless.”
“Now you’ve got me interested.”
Natir walked slowly around him, heading towards the clay fireplace. As she moved, she let the cloak slip from over her shoulders, revealing her lean figure clothed in the embroidered blue dress and white woven belt.
She spread her hands to the fire and spoke softly without looking at him, “You once told me it makes you happy to make women. It’s what you really love. Your only passion. Your happiness. And while I’m still not sure what you meant by that, the one thing I’m certainly sure of is,” she looked sideways at him, “whatever it is you think you will make out of me, you still have not made it yet, have you…? For that reason alone, I cannot find a shred of doubt in my heart that you will search for me when I’m gone. You will find me. Fight for me. Protect me. And topple the world upside down, if you must, to make sure I’m safe. Until you finally get what you want.”
Caught off guard—for once—Alfred was lost for words.
For a brief moment he looked like a child caught in a fib as he nervously picked up the parchment, set it down again, squirmed on his seat, and turned his face in every direction, except at Natir.
Finally, he looked at her and asked, “And? Does it make you feel angry?”
“Angry…?” She walked to him, set her hands on the rails of his chair and bent her knees so that she was staring him straight in the eye. “No. Not angry. It makes me feel there is still hope. Hope for us to end up together. If not for the sake of a mutual love, then for the sake of the love I have for you. And you, for what shall become of me.”
She retreated slowly, made her way to the mattress, and motioned him with her head to lie down on it as her hands reached for the laces at the bodice of her dress.
Alfred followed her. He stood before Natir just as she loosened her dress and let it slip down her body to her feet.
As Natir stood before him clad only in her blue loincloth, Alfred reached his hand out and rubbed her upper arm, then let his hand glide towards her neck.
His fingers closed on her throat with a gentle grip as he leaned his face at hers and whispered, “What if you are wrong…? What if what I seek couldn’t possibly be farther and more distant than what you think, and that what you wish for may never happen?”
“Oh, it will happen. I will make it so. Right here. Right now.”
“How so?”
All of a sudden Natir pushed him, knocking him out of balance onto the mattress.
Natir quickly made her move. She kneeled over him—entrapping his body between her thighs—and leaned her upper body over him. With her left arm wedged to the mattress beside his head, her right hand slowly glided across his chest as she bent lower until she was playing her fingers across his cheek and his lips.
Staring straight down into his eyes, she murmured her answer. “I will make you melt like a gently lit candle. Until you pledge your eternity, to me.”
At the tip of her words, a yelp escaped Natir’s mouth. She collapsed over him and rolled on her side, cursing the demons of misfortune, and holding her injured forearm, which was ravaged by pain as the strain of her previous pose placed too much stress on her wound.
Alfred turned on his side, placed his chest against her back and massaged her upper arm. He waited for her pain to ease.
Natir was still gritting her teeth when he teased, “You did not think of that line only just now. How long have you been keeping those words?”
A wild laugh escaped her.
She said—trembling with pain, giggling with joy—and feeling too embarrassed to look back lest she meet his gaze, “Too long… Days. I’ve been saving them for days.”
He made her turn onto her back.
Natir looked up at him and snickered. “Women like to plan ahead. There, you’re happy? Now wipe that smile off your face, it wasn’t funny.”
“You’re smiling too.”
“My smile is different.”
“How so?”
“Bad luck is laughing at me, and I’m laughing back at my bad luck.”
“Oh? And, exactly, what trick did your bad luck play on you this time?”
“The trick of bad timing.” Natir fell silent for a little pause, then said softly, “Now that we are finally here, the timing couldn’t be any worse: Your mind is occupied by a hundred other things—”
“It all fades before how important you are to me.”
“I wasn’t done yet.”
“Oh, sorry, please continue,” he said, feigning seriousness.
She reached up with her hand, feeling his cheek, and murmured softly with sorrow in her eyes. 
“Your mind is occupied by a hundred other things, and I… I’ve just promised you with a kind of a night, the likes of which I cannot fulfill… My arm is wounded. My bruises show. I’ve hurt my knee. I’m lacking strength. My body has not yet recovered from the things I’ve been through, at least not as good as I thought it had, nor has the wound to my waist yet fully healed… The pretty dress may have adorned me. The perfume may have enchanted me. And my smile may have hid my pain. But if it did indeed fool you, dear Alfred, it has not fooled me. For I know that behind it all, I am a mess of a woman… I’m laughing, Alfred. I’m laughing. And you’re laughing. And bad luck laughs. Oh, what a joyful company the three of us really are in the cold of this night. But when all forthcoming is said and done, as must all things come to an end, who among the three of us shall have the last laugh when we all must part ways, if not bad luck?”
Her eyes watery, Natir pulled a cover to herself and drew her legs together as she tiredly rolled to the edge of the bed, leaving.
“It was a moment worthwhile. Thank you—and I bid you goodnight.”
As soon as Natir was on her feet, she felt Alfred’s hands clamp on either side of her waist and, all of a sudden, she flew backwards—thrown back onto the mattress.
Natir yelped with surprise and pain as she dropped on her back, with Alfred partially lying over her.
He teased, “I’m sorry, I wasn’t listening. Did you just say you intend to leave so soon?”
Natir huffed and looked away. “I should go. I’m not ready and I only made a joke out of myself.”
“You did…” He leaned closer but she refused to look at him. “A woman who seduces a man at a time when she does not even have the strength to please him. Now, what shall we call such a thing if not foolish, and a joke? You’re right; bad luck is laughing its heart out at you.” He kissed her cheek. “But you know what else?”
With one hand under her head, Alfred turned her face to him. He kissed her lips whilst his other hand swept across her half-bare body, felt its way through her loincloths and fondled her breast.
He said between their kisses, “Right here… Right now… It’s not only you who lies on this bed… But… The two of us.” He paused to stare into her eyes. “And it only takes the strength of one to do all the good work.” He kissed her eyes and asked, “What do you say, shall we find out if it is indeed your bad luck, or us, who will still be laughing when this night comes to an end?”
A smile kissed her lips. “I say: Ravage my flesh and sully me whole. Let no other man need to think twice: I’m yours. Heart. Body. And soul.”
She surrounded his head with her arms, reached upwards and met his lips with hers.
Chapter 29

Counselor


For long days, Eogan’s men had camped in the snowy wilderness next to a riverbank, awaiting a delayed shipment in what was supposed to be a mere two- or three-day mission. It was an irksome time full of boredom, cold, lack of pleasant company, all exacerbated by terrible food that caused the men to grow restless.
A sentry noticed a light from two torches steadily moving over the dark surface of the river. He alerted the rest about the approaching boat…
A big, vicious-looking man, wrapped with heavy clothing of leather and animal fur, and armed with knives and two axes in his belt, made his way to one of the tents and announced himself.
“Orren, it’s me, Eogan… Orren, I’m coming in.”
Eogan entered the tent as two young women, barely touching their sixteenth spring, helped their master up from where he lay. Eogan watched as the women moved in a splendid show of balanced, unified motions. He didn’t hear either of them speak or dare stray three feet away from their master without a reason. And not once did they fail to read their master’s intention, and act accordingly.
Eogan grimaced. The sight of the man the two women held in their arms disgusted Eogan. He was a freak in Eogan’s eyes—in everyone’s eyes.
A man born without arms, Orren had a very fragile and skinny body easily touched by sickness. He was in his fifties, yet he kept neither beard nor mustache, and his short brown hair was always a mess. But it was his face of malice that annoyed Eogan the most.
“They’re here,” Eogan said when Orren looked his way.
“Do they have him?”
“So they say.”
Again, the women helped their master to his feet without him having to breathe a word, and began dressing him.
“I’ll be with you in a moment. Try to keep your dogs on a short leash until I arrive.” Said Orren.
Eogan frowned at the egoist tone, but did not allow it to provoke him. He headed out, but not before he threw a final glance at the two women. Theirs were but wasted lives—their existence was lower than slaves. Nameless, deprived of human will, and trained from an early age to fulfill the single task of acting as their master’s arms. 
Even a man such as Eogan couldn’t help but feel sorry for them.

*   *   *

Flocked by his two women, Orren joined the gathering near the boat. Of the four mercenaries manning it, Orren recognized only one and addressed him.
“Adoh, you’re late.”
“On time, more or less, Mr. Orren, especially if we take the early winter into account,” said the mercenaries’ leader, Adoh.
Eogan grunted. “We’ve been waiting for you for days. Our supplies almost ran out.”
Orren looked at Eogan, prompting the woman beside him to place her arm on Eogan’s chest, as if to tell him to stand down.
As Adoh’s men laid down a plank to help him onto the shore, Adoh said, “And had it been any other navigator, you would’ve waited even longer. The river is exceptionally lively this year. At some meanders, the flow was too swift to sail through, and at others, the cliffs broke apart and rained boulders onto the passing boats. It took a few tricks to get by, but never mind that now… You have our payment?”
One of the women showed Adoh a pouch. She quickly took it back when he reached for it.
“Let’s see what you brought us, first,” said Orren.
“So little faith you have in us. Very well.” Adoh instructed his men, “Bring him.” He then said to Orren, “Oh, you’re going to love this one. He’s very quiet, your man, and not too chary on the awkward side.”
They waited. Soon enough, two of the mercenaries led a young man down to shore.
Dressed in a fine purple and blue robe, the young man looked to be at the upper end of his twenties. His face was handsome and well shaved. His skin was fair, and soft like a woman’s. His black hair was long, braided, rich, and soaked with oils—any woman would have envied him for it.
The young man kept himself clean and presentable at all times, and he held a very graceful presence. Though his hands were in chains, his chin was held high like a tree towering above grass as brutes and armed strangers surrounded him in the dead of the night.
Orren motioned at the young man and asked, “How do I know that is indeed Donnach of Arres?”
Adoh responded, “How does anyone know a man is who he says he is?”
Eogan took a step forward and—with the brutish force of men of the wild—pulled Donnach toward him, intending to search his neck and chest for a tribal mark.
“Eogan, stop!” Orren shouted as one of his women rushed to hold Eogan’s hand.
“Don’t bother,” Adoh told Eogan, “he has no tribal mark, no scars, nothing. I checked.”
Eogan turned his face between Orren and Adoh. He sarcastically threw his open palms to his shoulders and retreated backwards.
“I apologize for that,” Orren said to the young man. “Are you who he says you are? Are you Donnach of Arres?”
Adoh interrupted. “Look, Orren, you told us to deliver your man from the source you specified, and we delivered. We fulfilled our part of the bargain, now pay us.”
“I am,” Donnach responded.
“May I ask you to prove it?” Orren said, but Donnach remained silent, so he added, “I did ask will all due respect.”
Donnach let out a breath, looked at Adoh and held up his chained hands.
“What…?” Adoh could only fake ignorance for so long. “Oh, go fuck yourself, pretty boy.” He searched his pouch for the ring he had stolen from Donnach and handed it back to him. “There!”
Donnach offered the ring to Orren who—once he saw the seal engraved on it—had little doubt about the identity of the man standing before him.
Orren motioned at the woman to hand over the payment, and then addressed the mercenaries. “Unshackle him.”
One woman led Donnach away, once his hands were free, in a bit of a hurry. “This way.”
Eogan stopped Orren by the shoulder as he was about to leave the gathering. “I take it that your business here is done now?”
“Yes,” said Orren. “The rest is yours.”
Eogan emitted a heavy groan of relief and turned to Adoh.
“What—” Before Adoh could say a word more, Eogan sent a dagger into his abdomen once, and again, then pushed the half-dead body onto the ground amidst the erupted ruckus of fighting men.
Eogan bent down to retrieve the pouch of money, and cleaned the blood off his dagger while his men jumped the remaining mercenaries on shore and on the boat.
“Get rid of them,” Eogan commanded, “and leave no witness behind.”
He noticed one of the mercenaries jump off the boat into the frigid water in an attempt to escape. Eogan pulled an axe from his belt and moved closer to shore, took aim and threw his axe onto the man’s back, then watched the current carry the corpse away.
“What about the boat?” a man asked.
“Search it for food and what’s useful, then sink it. Burn it. I don’t care.”
At his order, one man brought a heavy hammer and used it to punch holes into the side of the boat while others brought down the supplies or gathered the corpses onboard and set it on fire.
“We will depart shortly,” Orren said as Donnach was being helped into a closed wagon with an interior made for comfortable traveling. It had opposite benches covered by cushions, and walls lined with fur.
Orren spoke again, “I understand that it’s beneath your place, but do please bear with us. Is there anything I can do for you? Anything to make your accommodations more comfortable?”
“Water,” Donnach requested without looking at Orren.
One woman brought him a drink, but Donnach turned her down once he caught scent of it.
“No. Just water.”
With a perplexed look, the woman stepped down and brought him water instead. After he drank, he turned his face to the river where the boat was set on fire and sent adrift.
Orren followed Donnach’s gaze.
“Does it upset you?” Orren asked. “You did travel with them for quite a bit.”
“I feel neither upset nor delighted by your work. I was long dead to them.”
“Did they hurt you?”
“A counselor is slaughtered not by the sword, but by being ignored,” he answered. “Had they listened to me, they would have lived still.”
“I see. Well, leaving the past behind us, I want you to rest assured that our journey won’t be a long one. Your word will always be heard, and your respect is assured among us.” Orren then asked, when Donnach didn’t respond, “Don’t you at least want to know where we’re going?”
“The destination does not matter. Only the journey.”
“This woman here is my arm. She will stay by your side in case you need anything.”
“Orren, was it?”
“Yes.”
“You’re a very interesting man, Mr. Orren,” Donnach said, “one I’d certainly wish to observe more. However, it seems I have no business with you, but perhaps the one you serve. I thank you for the offer, but I must ask you to usher your servant away. I wish for solitude.”
Orren motioned for the women to shut the door and follow him.
“Send them a message: We have him,” he ordered one of the women, then muttered to himself as he walked way, “You are a very interesting man yourself, my friend.”
The woman headed to a cage where the pigeons were kept. She scribbled the same short message on four pieces of parchment, and sent the four pigeons into the sky.
Chapter 30

Servant of the Holy


The skinny, tall man dressed in a simple black robe was up and about sweeping the floor of the stone resident with a broom, in the middle of the night.
He was well into his forties. His skin was very pale compared to most men. His body featured no visible signs of strength, his black hair was kept short, and his slick face was well shaved and painted with ash beneath his eyes—down to the corners of his mouth.
It was strange for a man of his virtue to be doing such a humiliating task, but such was the awkward habit of Andle, earl of the Domek, who often shunned his slaves and servants and preferred to do the simple work himself.
The quietness of his surroundings was interrupted by the sound of footsteps approaching the room, fast, and soon he saw his son enter with a piece of parchment in his hand.
“Patrik?” He called out his son’s name almost like he had intended to whisper—as his voice was naturally very hushed.
“Message from Orren,” Patrik said. He announced the news before he had even handed the message over to his father, “He has Donnach.”
Andle read the message, nodded, then handed it back to his son. “Take it to our lady without delay, let her know that we have him.”
“You mean to Lord Ardent,” Patrik corrected him.
Andle set his palm on his son’s shoulder and offered him a sad smile as though disappointed yet caring. “Of course, my son, of course. Take it to Ardent as well. He is our lord after all.” He resumed his work, sweeping the floor with no hurry, “But take it to our lady, Vael, first. The news will please her heart.”
Feeling vexed by the order of things Andle has set for him to follow, Patrik watched his father for a time with a look of disapproval before he hesitantly headed back to where he came from.
“Tell her…” Andle added, prompting Patrik to stop and turn around, “Tell her not to worry: The key to victory is within our hands.”
Chapter 31

Wussaguss


Natir escaped the cold into her lover’s arms. 
She giggled in the darkness as they huddled together, tickled one another, rubbed their feet, and fought over who got to claim the biggest portion of the cover they shared.
She yelped with joy and swiftly rolled on her side, turning her back to him and holding firmly onto the cover in her closed fists, wrapping most of it over herself.
 Alfred gave up with a great sigh, wrapped Natir with his arm from behind, and said quietly into her ear, “You never told me.”
“Told you what?”
“Your mark, where do you want it?”
Natir smiled widely and turned to lie on her back. “Oh, I know exactly where I want to have it.”
She pushed the cover off herself and took his hand, slowly leading it across her body. “I want it, right, here.”
She let his hand settle on her skin, just below her navel.
“You sure?”
Natir nodded, not breaking their eye contact for a moment.
“It won’t be very visible there,” he said.
“It will be plenty visible for all to see. Your son will make it so.”
“My son?”
“Your son,” she murmured like a true siren, leaned up towards him and surrounded him with her arms. “I want them both there: Mark of the Toic, and the son of the earl of all Toic.”
The first light of dawn shined upon them through a hole in the tent. It fell on her center and warmed her skin ever so gently, right at the spot where her lover’s hand still lay.
Natir shut her eyes, kissed him, and felt her back arch as her body loosened and indulged into his, all on its own, like finding no greater comfort, and no other place to belong, than in his arms.

*   *   *

It was a cold morning and a great cloud of mist settled over the land.
Several days had passed, during which Natir was blessed with easy travel and dolled-up nights, cosseted in her lover’s arms, before their column finally made it to the main camp where the mass of Valdes’s army had gathered.
Natir reached her upper half out of the wagon and gazed around, unable to restrain her astonishment.
The camp extended to the horizon. Even with the mist obstructing the view, Natir could see so many wagons, horses, supplies, and people! More people gathered in one place than Natir ever imagined. 
The greatest number were men up in arms and preparing for war, but there were also a considerable number of families, children running about, centers for cooking, and entertainers and harlots seeking easy profit from the deprived men. Natir couldn’t even begin to guess how many villages it would take to house these masses, nor the amount of food needed to feed them. 
All of a sudden, Natir felt a shock run through her body and her eyes widened to their limits. Her heart raced with a kind of joy she never expected to have at such a place. Her attention became solely focused on a small gathering nearby, trying to ascertain what she thought she had seen, until there was no question in her mind it was really him—she remembered him with absolute clarity. A face she could never allow herself to forget.
Natir was not going to let the chance slip from between her fingers and lose sight of him, never to find him again amidst the crowd.
She yelled at Volk, “Slow down, slow down the wagon!”
“What?”
Volk looked back from the wagoner’s seat only to see that Natir had already jumped off the wagon while it was still moving.
He yelled after her, “Where are you going? Natir? Natir!”
Natir stumbled for a moment as her feet landed on the snow-covered ground, but she regained her balance quickly and ran beside the moving wagon.
Her hands raced to loosen the laces of her cloak and throw it into the back of the wagon, leaving her in only a red woolen dress, its wide opening embroidered with yellow floral designs. She didn’t mind the cold. She wanted to look her best at the unexpected reunion.
“I’ll be right back. Wait for me.” she shouted, and took off running.
“Natir? Natir wait, you’ll get lost!”
“Wait for me!”

*   *   *

Pigeons, irritated by the bustle, cooed restlessly from within their cage. 
The little bangs of his short brown hair seemed glued to his forehead as the chubby young man moved in and out of the wagon, bringing down supplies.
He was completely unaware of Natir’s approach as he stopped in his track whilst holding a big sack to his chest, listening to one of his companion’s instructions. Natir appeared out of thin air, startling the young man to his toes with her girlish scream of joy and throwing herself at him from behind, surrounding him with her arms.
The young man lurched forward from the force of impact, almost falling over himself, and his hands dropped the sack of lentils grain onto the ground.
Before he could tell what had happened, Natir had already seized hold of him and spun him around, towards her.
The men nearby stared at the scene in awkward silence, but none was more surprised or speechless than the young man himself who had absolutely no clue who this woman wetting his lips with hers was?
After rendering the young man’s mind useless with her searing kiss, Natir took a step back, but her hands were yet to let go of his shoulders.
“Thank you,” were her first words.
“I, um, uh—”
“Remember me?”
It took him a moment of silent staring before he recognized her. “IT’S YOU!”
“Yes!”
He stammered, still suffering from shock, “How, when, what happened? How did you end up here?”
Natir laughed at his reaction and assumed a pose with her hands joined behind her back, and her ankles crossed together. 
The young man—the sweet, kind and puffy face that filled her heart with joy—belonged to none other than the person who gave her the fishing net at her darkest moment back at the Dog-Cage.
He grabbed her shoulders. “I couldn’t stop wondering what happened to you. I’m so glad you’re safe.”
Natir embraced him and rested her head at his chest. “I’m so glad to have found you. I really, really wanted to see you again and thank you…” She raised her head and held his hand in hers. “What are you doing here?”
“We’ve only just arrived and I was, uh, I was helping bring down supplies.”
“You mean to tell me we’ve been traveling side by side all this time without knowing it?”
“Where did you come from?”
“We’ve only just arrived, ourselves. When I saw you from the wagon, I couldn’t believe my eyes, I kept thinking, is this real? Can it really, really be him? How I found you amidst such a huge crowd, I have no idea.”
He patted one side of his belly and grinned. “Yes, well, I suppose you didn’t need to look too hard. I am rather hard to miss.”
She cracked a laugh. “This is insane. Who would’ve thought we’d see each other again so soon. I didn’t even get to ask your name.”
“Oh, it’s Wussaguss. Wussaguss the Abarathy.”
Her face darkened and her voice sank in her throat, “… Abarathy?”

*   *   *

The shock of the news was incredible. Her mind could not comprehend how such a thing could be real.
Natir’s hands slipped from his grasp as she slowly retreated backwards. She tilted her head to the sky as she had just noticed the banner, fluttering in the wind, at the center of the gathered wagons: the striking green fabric with white lightening painted on it—flag of the Abarathy.
She looked at him, her chest heaving with anxiety, “You’re a friend of Agnarr?”
Confused by the sudden change in her attitude, Wussaguss replied, “Uh, why, yes. Of course! Great friends. We fought together many times, Agnarr and I.”
Natir was swiftly consumed by anger. 
She felt deceived. She felt betrayed. She could not contain all the emotions bursting in her chest. She poked her finger to his chest and yelled in his face, taking it all out on him.
“You tell that rotten piece of shit that I will never forget what he did to me—!”
“What, tut—”
“I am not going to rest until the day I pay him back for it, if it is the last thing I do! I curse him! I curse him and I curse every disgusting little thing, and everyone that ever had anything to do with him, and nothing short of puking over his dead face will make up for what he did! You rotten, stinking gang of pigs! You animals!”
Natir spun on her heel and rushed away, leaving Wussaguss behind, still, clueless, and utterly flabbergasted as to what had just happened.
Natir stopped in her track. She covered her face with her palms and inhaled deeply, regretting what she did.
“I’m sorry.” She returned to him. “That wasn’t right. You have no fault in any of this, and I should not have taken it out on you like that. I just . . . it just came out. I lost control of myself for a moment, and I didn’t know what I was doing. I’m sorry.”
“It’s, it’s all right. Really,” Wussaguss stammered. He hesitated and took his hands back a couple of times before he patted her upper arms.
Natir rested her palms and her cheek on his chest for a brief moment. “I’m sorry,” she whispered, and breathed deeply before raising her face to look at him. But now she could not find it in herself to give more than a swift kiss to his cheek.
“I just wanted to say thank you.” She walked away, adding, “Please take care.”
“Wait!” He called her, prompting Natir to stop and look back. “I didn’t get your name.”
“It’s Natir.”
“Natir…” He approached her. “What happened? Did Agnarr do something?”
Natir shut her eyes, fighting back the memory and trying not to recall Agnarr’s face. She nodded. “He did . . . he did an unspeakable thing to me. And I suffered more than I’m willing to reveal because of it.”
“What did he do?”
She patted his cheek and spoke softly, “I don’t wish to say, and it doesn’t matter now anyway. It’s over. Don’t worry, I’m not holding you accountable for what another man did. I just . . . I need to go now. And I wish you well.”
Wussaguss grabbed her hand, not allowing her to leave. “I’ll talk to him—help mend things up between the two of you.”
A chuckle escaped Natir, causing her to cover her mouth with her free hand.
“I’m serious, I’m, I’m his friend. I’ll make him apologize to you for what he did.” 
Natir burst out into a full laugh. She wiped her runny nose, then nodded her head with sarcasm, “As if… Yes. Yes, you go ahead and do that. Morana knows he could use every voice of reason he can get.”
She patted Wussaguss’s hand between her palms and said, smiling, “Thank you again, I appreciate the thought.” She went on her way, waving her arm to him. “Come see me when you have the chance. I’ll cook something for you.”
Wussaguss called after her, “Where?”
“Seek me among the Toic.”
Chapter 32

Unleashed


Natir made her way back to the wagon, not catching wind of Agatha who quickly closed the distance between them from behind and twisted Natir’s ear, causing her to hop to her toes with pain.
Agatha hissed, “What did I tell you about straying from the rest of the column?”
“Let go of my ear!”
“You will come with me, now.”
“Let go of me, I said!” Natir screamed and jumped a step away. She rubbed her reddening ear and shouted, “What is your problem?”
“My problem is that every time I take my eyes off you, you stir nothing but trouble.”
“I was only saying hello to a friend, and you don’t get to tell me what to do—Yaah!” Natir screamed again as Alfred appeared from behind her and twisted her other ear.
“What did she do this time?” he asked, his voice a giggle.
“Alfred, Alfred, please, you’re hurting me.”
Agatha said, “She wandered off on her own again amidst all this mist and lost her way.”
“I wasn’t lost.”
“Oh!” Alfred let go of her ear and threw his arm around Natir’s shoulders instead. “I expected worse.”
Natir objected, “I said I wasn’t lost. I was on my way back to the wagon right now.”
He snickered, “Really? Well then, I guess you wouldn’t mind if Agatha and I joined you. Please show us the way.”
“It’s right…there.” Natir’s outburst quickly extinguished when she couldn’t see the wagon. “It was there a moment ago.”
Agatha said, “Volk moved on a while back. He’s the one who told me to come find you.”
“I told him to wait!”
Agatha countered, “Do you even know where our camp is?”
Natir went silent. Alfred patted her shoulder. “It’s okay, it’s a big camp.” He pulled Natir closer as he told Agatha, “I’ve got this, you go back and see that everyone is doing what they’re supposed to. Can she borrow your cloak?”
“No,” Agatha spat. She turned around and left.
Alfred sighed heavily.
“You’ll catch cold if you’re not careful.” He put his own cloak over Natir’s shoulders, then steered her along, leading the way with his arm around Natir.
She muttered like a peeved child, “I wasn’t lost.”
“I know.”
“If this is about what happened in Wenclas, that was a once in a lifetime thing. That place is made so that people will lose their way.”
“No one said it has anything to do with it.”
“I’m not a child that needs constant monitoring, you know.”
“No one said you are.”
“Then why do I feel everyone has been watching my every move since I arrived? You told them to keep an eye on me, didn’t you?”
“You’re imagining things.” He lied through his teeth.
“It was all Volk’s fault. I told him to wait for me… I was only saying hello to a friend.”
“Funny, I was just about to do the same thing when I saw the two of you. Tell you what, why don’t you stay with me for a while and then we can go back together.”
Natir rolled her eyes. Being treated like a child was getting on her nerves, and there was no way he was going to confess he was doing it, much less make him stop.
Some of Alfred’s men were waiting nearby. They all made their way to an extraordinarily large white tent at the center of the camp.
“Going ahead of me, are you?” Bertwin said as he and two of his men joined Alfred.
Alfred said, without stopping, “I thought you already went ahead, and that I would meet you there.”
“Hah! As if I’m up for a race with this numb leg. And who is this beauty you’re hoarding all for yourself?”
Alfred flashed a smirk at Natir and teased, “Someone who lost her way.”
Natir narrowed her eyes and shot him a ‘Grrr’ kind of a look. She turned her face forward and ignored him, refusing to entertain his ego at her expense.
The tent they headed for was magnificent and unlike any other the camp had to offer. It was guarded, and its occupants were loud with ruckus and music.
A lot of the guards outside it behaved disorderly; they sat down at ease, drank, or attempted to snatch one of the many sprightly women in revealing dresses who ran, laughing, in and out of the tent. Some guards, however, behaved prodigiously. Natir recognized their distinguished armor—Teranians. She thought it must have meant that their lord, or someone important from their clan, was present inside.
Once in the tent, Natir was welcomed by a scene she had become accustomed to: a larger portrayal of Alfred’s hall at its finest madness, where music played, women danced on tables, couples fondled on cushions, food littered the floor, most outrageous duels played out, and everyone behaved drunkenly.
The cheers rose to deafening heights when Alfred and Bertwin entered the tent, followed by invitations and vulgar welcoming bursting from every corner. 
Many men came over to embrace the newcomers.
The attendees were all men of value—earls, princes, commanders, guests of honor, rich merchants, and renowned heroes. Natir did not know any of them or what each individual represented, but she didn’t really need to in order to know she was way out of her league.
Some men mistook Natir for an entertainer. She had a rough time keeping their hands off her while not risking offense to the elite clique.
“Alfred!” An extraordinary man of magnificent traits approached Alfred with a laugh and open arms.
He was taller than most men, and full of life. His skin was pale like a narcissus blossom, and his long hair was loose and darker than the night. He was soaked in beer yet dressed in a fine blue robe embroidered with golden threads. Much of his muscular chest was left exposed; it was hard for Natir not to admire him.
“Lord Valdes,” Alfred said, returning the embrace.
The hair on the back of Natir’s neck rose with awe. Her body instantly stiffened so hard, she thought she was cursed to wood. She was stunned, terrified, and breathing rapidly through her nose. She couldn’t even blink.
The man standing less than three feet away from her—embracing Alfred like an old friend—was no other than Valdes, the strongest and most brutal lord in all of west Bohemia, recognized by many as King of all Boii.
Valdes said, patting Alfred’s upper arms, “Long time no see, long time no see. What kept you away from my court all this time?” He glanced at Natir, humoring, “And who’s this? Another one of your special women, hey?”
“Lord Valdes,” Bertwin interrupted, raising his arms to embrace Valdes.
“And you are—”
“Bertwin.”
“Earl Bertwin, right, right.” Valdes gave Bertwin a half-hearted hug, not to turn him down.
Alfred looked at Natir during Bertwin’s intervention. Natir’s face was so pale, she looked like she was about to faint from lack of air. He glanced at the wild gathering and errant atmosphere and realized he had made a mistake by dragging her here.
He said quietly, “On a second thought, perhaps you should wait outside.”
Natir didn’t need to hear a word more. She quickly made her escape.
She bent down, holding her knees, and gulped in lungfuls of cool air outside the tent’s entrance, drawing attention to herself from nearby men who stared oddly at her. One of the guards approached her from behind, holding a cup in his hand. He made a compliment and groped her behind.
Startled, Natir leaped forth, shrieking with shock. She spun around and glared at him; the guard mumbled something and retreated—not bothering with her anymore.
Natir turned her face back and forth, unsure what to do and where to go. She saw a man abandoning his spot on a nearby rock. She decided it was best to sit there and wait for Alfred to come out.

*   *   *

The celebration inside the tent turned wild, and nothing but humor was on the men’s mouths.
Alfred had made his presence known—that was the whole purpose of showing face. The rest was supposed to be a joyful time with old friends and others he had yet to make acquaintance with, but he remained indolent and sat quietly in his seat while keeping an eye on Valdes, aiming to seize a chance to speak alone with him—thin as his hope was.
A man raised his voice, joking, “We were betting just now on who will be the last to join us. I guess the title of the snail goes to the Toic and the Ulaky.”
Bertwin snapped, “Who are you calling the last to arrive? Had I not had to stop at Wenclas, I would’ve been here before any of you!”
Other men joined into the joke-for-a-topic. “I heard the Simars are still dragging their feet. There’s no sign of them yet,” one man said.
“The Simars are actual snails, they don’t count. The Toic and Ulaky were the last, and I won the bet.”
“Who else are we missing? Anybody?”
“I heard the Kerits turned around and went back home. The passage to their homeland is blocked with snow.”
“The Toic, Ulaky, and Simars were the last ones.”
Alfred laughed and exchanged a few words with the attendees every now and then, but his full attention was on the guard who approached Valdes to whisper something in his ear. He noticed Valdes nodding and signaling the guard with a motion of his hand as if telling him to allow someone in. Valdes then looked around the room, looking for Krystov—lord of the Teranians—and signaled him too.
Krystov, who had been keeping a low profile up until then, pushed himself off the pillar he had been leaning against and joined the table.
Alfred could feel that the two most powerful men in the gathering—Valdes and Krystov—were up to something, and it didn’t seem that the rest of the attendees were aware of what was going to happen.
“No, no, no! You’re all wrong,” Valdes said, joining the argument about who was the last to arrive. He deliberately raised his voice so that everyone would quiet down and hear him. “There is still one more we’re missing. And they’ve only just arrived.”
The man who started the topic intoned an “Oh!” and asked, “Who is it? Who gets the title of the snail?”
Valdes said with a sly smirk, “Who indeed… The Daiyans.”
Overtaken by shock, Alfred jerked on his seat. His face darted towards Valdes, unable to believe what he just heard.
A grim silence swept swiftly through the crowd as the attendees turned their whole attention to Valdes and stared at him with such hard looks on their faces as if he had just made a bad joke.
Valdes shrugged, “I invited them.”
It was now so quiet that when a woman dropped a pouch of money she was holding, the faint noise filled the tent and turned a few faces towards her.
One of the attendees hardened his grip on the cup he held until the wood almost shattered in his hand, his wet, bearded mouth hissing with rage, “The cave dwellers?”

*   *   *

Natir’s face had shown a bored expression for a while, but it was now swiftly replaced with confusion.
Something was happening around her, and Natir had no clue what it was. Yelps of shock emitted from the mist, and shadows of people scrambled out of the way of the approaching delegation.
She turned her face left and right. The guards had stopped drinking and joking around and were now on the alert. Some of them held their axes in hand, others set their palms on the handles of their swords. They were whispering to one another as they stared ahead, waiting for something.
Natir followed the guards’ gazes and, soon, she saw what everyone else seemed so anxious about…
They came like ghosts through the mist.
From afar, they looked just like everybody else. But the closer they came, the more Natir realized these were not Boii nor even Cech. They were something entirely different, something she had never seen before. She wasn’t even sure she could call them people. 
Their clothes were strange and light, as if they didn’t feel the cold. Their weapons were more basic, and most horrific, the knives and axes were flat-out made of bone or stone; and their swords were forearm-long rectangular bronze blades attached to wooden handles of the same length—like something she only expected to see in the hands of butchers.
Their skin was slightly paler than normal. Their bodies were slightly thinner and taller. Their arms and legs slightly longer. Their shoulders slightly broader. Everything about them was just a little bit different, and though each difference alone wasn’t noticeable, the combination of all these little differences made them stand out from others.
They all had black hair. The men’s heads were shaved bald save for a long braid to the back, and much of their bodies and faces were painted blue. The women had extraordinarily long hair, and their faces were half-painted blue and topped by three silver stripes across the face, though one woman bore seven strikes, and another bore eight. All the women wore belts with a number of cat skulls attached to them.
The group stopped a short distance from Natir and only one male went into the tent.
Natir stood up when he passed by her, following the ferocious looking man with her gaze until he disappeared into the tent, not knowing what to make out of him.
Her gaze returned to the rest of the delegation—staring oddly at them.
Chapter 33

RAIN


Natir was restless on her feet. She moved around the newcomers, listening to the whispers about them, and hearing enough to get clued in on what was going on.
They were not Boii, but they were on their side—that much was clear. What Natir didn’t understand was the grave level of hostility the members of the delegation were met with from the first step they took into camp.
The group of eight or nine members of the delegation sat quietly in place, waiting for their representative to return, demonstrating an unbelievable level of self-restraint as they were met with insults, harsh jokes, threats, and provocations from everyone else.
One man in particular was just begging for a fight. He hovered around the small group, shaking an axe in his hand and hurling insults at them, desperately waiting for a sign he could use to justify an attack on them.
Two younger men would step out from among the crowd every now and then, make filthy gestures towards the women of the delegation, and retreat back. Another man with a knife made a cutthroat motion at them.
Natir was outraged. She did not agree with the way their supposed allies were being mistreated and—when she heard someone refer to them as Cave Dwellers and Daiyans—she had all the more reason not to sit quiet about what was happening any longer. She wanted to talk to these people. She wanted to let them know they were welcome. And, above all else, she had a hundred questions to ask them about the incident with the creature at Kreme.
Natir waited for a chance to approach them. When she saw one of the women move to sit a bit further away from the rest, Natir made her move. She approached the woman with steady steps and an open smile.
“Good morning.”
The young woman—who sat on a rock and was busy re-fastening her shoelaces—raised her face to Natir.
“Hi. I’m Natir.”
The young woman looked over her shoulder and back at Natir again. She raised an eyebrow. “Are you talking to me?”

*   *   *

A ruckus erupted inside Valdes’s tent as soon as the Daiyan man had left. They were all unified by anger and insult, throwing Valdes all kinds of objections. Valdes could not have told where one man’s speech began and another’s ended for how chaotic the scene had become.
Valdes waved his hand for them to quiet down. “We’ve discussed this, we’ve … Listen up!” he yelled which quieted down the whole lot of them.
“Krystov,” Valdes called, “make your voice heard.”
Krystov took a long look at the men’s faces first, then answered, “I’ve given my opinion about this to you in private before. And my mind has not changed: the Teranians will neither approve nor disapprove of the Daiyans joining us.” The ruckus rose again. “This is your army, Valdes. Do as you want.”
One man yelled, “What madness made you permit them to enter our land?”
Another shouted even louder, “Has it come to this—bringing the Cave Dwellers into our affairs? This war is a matter among Boii, and we already have more than enough men to outnumber Ardent three to one. Why do you need to bring outsiders into this, much less these animals?”
Valdes slammed his palm to the table. He stood up and spoke loudly, “Animals they may be. But these animals are only here to answer my summons. ME. I called them into my army. And anyone who dares to question my command is free to leave, NOW!”
They went quiet. 
Valdes raised his arms to his sides and said more calmly, “Relax, my loyal friends, relax. I understand how you all feel, believe me. But hear me out first. Hear the word of reason.”
He walked among them, turning his face from one earl to the next.
“It is only one of their clans. Just one. And they are not sharing our spoils or even our supplies. What harm can come from that, hmm? You’ve heard it all yourselves: they will be fighting on our side. They will spearhead our attack. They will suffer most of the burden, and receive none of the gains. All they ask for in return is a chance. A chance to conciliate with us… The centuries of hostility and isolation have left them broken. They are desperate to make peace and trade again. And I made it clear to them that this is only the first step of many.”
“You want to trade with them? What’s next, intermarriage with their breed?”
Valdes looked at his speaker and shrugged, “Only if you like to sleep with goats.” They laughed. “I don’t know. I never judged a man for his desires—twisted as they may be.” He waited for the laughter to quiet down. “As for why did I permit this, the answer is simple: I see only gain from fooling the ignoramuses, and no harm at all. And I am a man who enjoys trying new things…”

*   *   *

Natir and the woman she met—who said her name was Rain—sat together for a time talking about nothings and laughing their hearts out at the silliest jokes, exactly as any two friends spending a good time simmering down together would do.
Their voices were the only ones bursting in the air, or at least were the loudest.
The Daiyans went awfully quiet. They whispered among themselves and stole looks at Natir and Rain every now and then. Some of them seemed cautious about Natir while others looked flat-out puzzled, but they didn’t interfere.
The harsh looks the Daiyans were getting from Valdes’ men became focused on Natir instead. But she didn’t mind it. In fact, she was secretly delighted as it felt like shoving mud down those cruel men’s throats, and she trusted her gut that by taking the attention off the Daiyans, she was smoothing the tension and preventing violence from happening at first mistake.
What’s more, Rain turned out to be one of the sweetest women Natir had ever met. They got along immediately, and their mouths could not move fast enough to let out all the things they had to say to each other.
The Daiyan man—who had gone into Valdes’s tent earlier—had returned. He frowned and approached Natir and Rain immediately when he saw what was happening.
“Rain!” the man called aloud. He threw a look at Natir before addressing Rain in their own language, “What are you doing with this Cech?”
Rain cracked out with a wild laugh. She responded in their language, too, so that Natir couldn’t tell what she was up to, “Come here.”
“What?”
“Just come closer, I want to mess with this idiot a little.”
Natir stood up when Rain abandoned her spot.
Rain met the man halfway and at once threw herself at him, welcoming his lips with a kiss so wild and so passionate, it left no doubt in Natir’s mind who the man was to Rain.

*   *   *

As Valdes made his speech, shunned the opposing arguments, and brought everything back to normal—discontent as many of his guests may have been—Alfred stopped Valdes by grabbing his arm when he walked by him.
Frowning, Alfred said quietly, “We need to talk.”
“If this is about the Daiyans—”
“It has nothing to do with them. I need to have a private word with you.”
Valdes stared into Alfred’s eyes before patting his hand. “Come see me tonight.”
“I will.” He headed out.
Alfred turned his face left and right as soon as he left the tent, looking for Natir, but she was nowhere to be seen!
The unified glares of the nearby men guided Alfred to where she was, causing his eyes to widen with surprise.

*   *   *

Rain took her sweet time, indulging herself in the man’s lips and tongue. It looked like she meant to make out with him forever! 
Natir couldn’t help but try not to look directly at them. She felt her cheeks grow warm and a sweet smile form on her lips.
When Rain finally let go of her man, he looked strangely at her. “What, exactly, are you trying to do? Can’t you see where we are?”
“Hush now, be quiet for a moment, will you?” Rain said—both of them still speaking in their language—and giggled.
Rain then turned around and leaned sideways at the man, practically throwing her whole weight at him. Her palms swept across his chest and the back of his shoulders with womanly pride as she introduced him to Natir.
“I would like you to meet Ravagon, our clan’s finest warrior.” Before Natir could utter a greeting, Rain raced her to it, “And—my brother.”
Natir’s voice sank in her throat. She wasn’t sure she heard that last part right. “Your, your brother…? As in…”
Rain shrugged, “My brother as in, my brother. From the womb of my mother.”
“Oh!” Natir went speechless with awkwardness.
Rain giggled and approached her. She held Nair’s face in her hands and then, without warning, kissed Natir with burning open lips like she would have kissed a man, causing Natir’s eyes to pop out of her head with shock.
Rain sucked on her wet lower lip with an alluring tone as her face slowly retreated—taking true joy in watching Natir’s stunned expression.
“I’ll be sure to remember this sweet face,” Rain said, fixing Natir’s bangs off her forehead.
Ravagon and the others were on their feet. He called out Rain as they went ahead, “Rain, we’re leaving.”
Rain threw a momentary glance at her companions and then said in a hurry, “May Daiya watch over you, Natir, and perhaps we’ll meet again.” She rushed after her companions with girlish joyful leaps, waving her arm and calling over her shoulder, “Be safe.”
Natir remained frozen in place, trying to make sense of the awkward scene.
“Natir!”
She heard Alfred calling her, so she ran to him and met him halfway.
“Not wasting time making new friends, I see?”
“Alfred, you won’t believe what just happened,” Natir said with the hush and rush of someone telling an exciting secret. 
“Please, surprise me,” he said.
“That woman, she just kissed her brother. No, not that kind of kiss, I mean she really, really kissed him.”
He shrugged. “Her brother, her son, her sister, her father, her dog even, I’ve heard.”
Natir spun on her heel so quickly it looked like she hopped the other way around, and watched the departing Daiyans. She asked after a moment with her eyes nailed to them, “Is that why everyone is so surly to them?”
“Oh no, I like that side of them. Many men secretly do, I imagine. But you see, the thing about your news friends is…” He slowly leaned at her ear from behind and whispered in a sly, frightening tone, “They’re cannibals.”
Shocked to the core, Natir’s body stiffened and her eyes went so wide she looked as though she had been struck by lightning.
Alfred messed with her head a little, “I’d check my lips if I were you.”
Her hand flew to her mouth.
“Did everyone have breakfast already? Hmm, I wonder what they were having.” He turned to leave.
Natir’s head spun and her stomach churned in an instant. Then, not seeing a thing in her way, she ran behind the closest bush she could find and threw up.
Chapter 34

For a Handful of Dirt


Natir was upset for the rest of the day. Not only did she not have the chance to ask Rain a word about what happened in Kreme, but she also made a complete joke out of herself, in public—and everyone she knew made sure to constantly remind her about it.
Just after dusk, Natir sat around a bonfire with the usual small group of companions she became accustomed to sharing food and a fire with during their travel—Agatha, Teyrnon, Volk, Viri, a couple of their friends, and a blonde woman named Anna who refused to stay home and had followed her companion, Andel, to this place.
Alfred decided to join them tonight, seemingly entertained by Natir’s childish annoyance.
Natir kept her eyes on her bowl of stew. She was more playing with her food than eating it as she listened to the irritating comments.
Andel said, “Is it just me, or is this stew a little bit meaty today?”
Anna suppressed a giggle and followed on her man’s joke, “I don’t know, but I like how it tastes on my lips.”
“Okay, that’s enough, you two,” Volk scolded them. “She didn’t know, and that’s the end of it. Now cut it out.”
“Sure, whatever.”
“No one was saying anything.”
Volk said again, “No more of this. The jokes end here. People live and learn. All right?”
Natir huffed. The gathering went quiet for a moment and she had just brought the spoon close to her mouth when Volk slyly followed, “So, did anyone learn any new recipes today?”
“Oh, for Veles’s sake!” Natir snapped and set her bowl down in a convulsive, irritated rush that made the stew spill all over her hands while everyone else giggled and laughed at her.
Natir jumped to her feet. “That’s it. I’m leaving.”
Teyrnon grabbed her wrist to stop her. “Okay, okay, we’re sorry.”
“We’ll stop,” Volk said, still chuckling, “I promise we’ll stop.”
Anna said, laughing, “Sorry, I’m so sorry, we couldn’t help it.”
“Come on, that was funny.”
Teyrnon affirmed, “Really, that was the last of it.” He gently shook Natir’s arm, urging her to sit back down. “Come on, it’s just a joke.”
Natir looked away and huffed. She sat back down and held her bowl in her hands. After stirring the stew for a moment, she said, “Why have I never heard of them?”
“Of course, you must have,” Viri said.
“Have I?”
“Sure,” Teyrnon said. “No Cech hasn’t.”
Volk said, far calmer and more serious, “As the story goes, when Cech and Lech passed through these parts, they didn’t just find virgin forests and hills. The land was already inhabited by an evil race—a wicked breed of demons and giants. Their evil was so dark, and their might was so magnificent, Cech realized he could not hope to beat them alone, so he asked for Lech’s help and, together, they slaughtered the lot of them and drove the demons out of the land, into the barren mountains to the south, where the gods told Cech and Lech to build a great wall, enchant it with holy magic, so that evil will remain at bay—
“—But that wasn’t the end of it, for the demons’ gods had strong magic of their own. Once they saw that the two brothers parted ways, Lech taking his people north, and Cech settling down here, the demons tried to return. And over the next three hundred years they never stopped trying to breach the wall and wage war on the sons of Cech. Four times they succeeded and wreaked havoc across the land, and four times the sons of Cech beat them back, until the era of heroes came to be when great Augustin chased them across the wall with his men, deep into the heart of the cursed mountains, and forced the demons to swear a holy oath—never to cross the wall again.”
Natir, who listened attentively, asked, “And you think they were the Daiyans?”
Volk shrugged and pointed with his hand to the horizon. “Those are the mountains to the south. They came from there, didn’t they?”
Viri said, “If they aren’t the demons from the story themselves, then a lesser breed that walks hand-in-hand with the evil ones.” He minded his meal, musing, “What is Valdes thinking? Who would invite such animals to our land? It’s insane.”
Natir took a spoon into her mouth and muttered quietly with her eyes on her own meal, “If they were here first, that makes it their land too.”
It suddenly went awfully quiet. Natir raised her face and realized that everyone had stopped eating and were now glaring at her with serious and cruel looks. Even Alfred put his bowl down and stared off, a harsh expression on his face.
“What…?” Natir asked, clueless.
One man hissed with rage, “Watch your tongue, woman.”
“What did I—”
“Words count! Think before you spout them out.”
Provoked, Natir stood her ground, “I’ve said nothing wrong.”
The man jumped off his seat—incited to a fight—and so did Natir. She threw her bowl onto the ground and, with her fists balled in readiness, glared back at him.
The men quickly intervened to stop the fight from happening before either Natir or the man could make a move.
“Buslav! Buslav, sit down,” Teyrnon said with his hands on the man.
Volk, Viri, Agatha and Anna stood in between Natir and the man. 
“Let us all calm down.” Said Volk.
“DIDN’T YOU HEAR WHAT THE WHORE SAID?”
“I’ve said nothing wrong, and if you call me a whore one more time, I’ll shove your head in that pot!”
“WHAT DID YOU SAY?”
“Back off, both of you, back off now!” Agatha roared.
Anna pleaded, “Natir, Natir, please sit down.”
“Easy now, she doesn’t know what she’s saying.”
“Can we all please calm down, we’re just trying to have a bite to eat and get a good night sleep at last.”
Panting with anger, Natir looked at Alfred, but he refused to meet her eyes. It hurt to see him not take her side.
She left.
Volk yelled, “Natir? Natir, where are you going? Get back here!”
Alfred sighed heavily and buried his face in his hands. Then he went after her.

*   *   *

Natir stood at the edge of the Toic camp, sucking lungfuls of air to calm down the flames in her chest.
“Natir.”
She turned towards Alfred. 
“Please come back. They know you meant no harm.”
She closed the distance between them in a hurry and raged at him, “Why didn’t you back me up?”
He wiped his face with his palm, “Natir—”
“You know I’m right. I’ve said nothing wrong, and what he did was inexcusable and wrong, so why didn’t you?”
Alfred gently grabbed her arm, “Natir, you’re tired—”
She shook her arm free. “I am not tired, and you will not talk to me like I’m a child who doesn’t know what she’s saying!”
He raged, “But you do not know what you’re saying!”
“WHAT? TELL ME. WHAT? What did I do wrong? Tell me.”
He sighed. “Look, let’s just go back and forget this ever happened, all right?”
“What?” she spat, gasping. “You think I’m the one in the wrong?”
“I didn’t say—”
“Then why did you let them treat me like that?”
Alfred turned his back to her and took a few steps away, sighing with impatience.
Natir quickly chased him and came to stand in front of him, speaking in a rush. “If a man built a house, and another came later and lived in it, it is still the first man’s house. Tell me that I’m wrong, I dare you.” She leapt before him when he tried to look away. “If a man plowed a farm first and someone else came along later, does he get to claim the first man’s farm as his own…? What about the first man’s cattle, his woman, and his children? Does the other man get to claim them too? Would you accept that? What if it happened to me? Would you simply watch someone else take me away when it was you to whom I first pledged myself?”
“Natir—”
“What is wrong in what I say? You know I’m right. You know it’s justice. You know the gods themselves would vouch for my words!”
“NATIR, THAT’S ENOUGH!”
His sudden rage took her by surprise. Natir flinched a step back, staring at him with shock.
Alfred turned his face about, as if looking for something. He then bent down and dug out a handful of mud from beneath the snow.
“What you said is true,” he said, panting with contained rage. “All of it is true. And yes, I would not have accepted it nor do I have a doubt in my mind the gods will bend the scale to your side. But, when it comes down to this…” he raised the dirt to her face, showing it to her, and  hissed, “. . . then the gods better shut their mouths and look the other way, or they will have no one to worship them. THIS IS EVERYTHING… This, is beyond justice.”
Natir panted. She stared at him with anger and disbelief. “I thought of you a man of principle. A man nothing in this world could make him stray an inch from the path he believes in.”
“Then you thought wrong. I am but a man.”
“An old man cried. He begged your mercy for the sake of a family that starved. A child pled to you. I pled to you, and with my tears I washed your hands and begged you to spare him, yet nothing I did could have moved your heart. You hanged them. Now, you tell me that this is the price of your belief, FOR A HANDFUL OF DIRT?”
“For a handful of dirt. Yes.” He hissed with rage and waved his forefinger in her face, “And you better shut your mouth, never to speak of what’s impermissible ever again.”
He walked away in a hurry but then—in a moment of overwhelming rage—he spun around and threw the mud at Natir before continuing.
Natir threw her arms up to protect her face. She snatched a handful of snow from the ground and threw it after him, grunting with madness.
She leaned her back against a tree, wiped her face with her palms, and stared into the dark for a long time, watching the bonfires in the distance, where the Daiyans were camping.
After she had time to calm down, Natir headed back tiredly to the bonfire. She was only a few steps away from rejoining the group, clasping her arms around her body to try and keep warm, when a feminine, playful voice called her from behind.
“You’re the one who kissed a Daiyan?”
Alerted, Natir spun around quickly, but before she could say anything or even see the speaker’s face, the stranger took hold of Natir and surprised her with a kiss to her mouth.
Alfred, and the rest of the gathering were all taken aback when they saw the unexpected visitor and what was happening—but none more than Natir, who stood on her toes from shock, with no clue coming to mind as to whom this young woman sucking on her lips like a longing lover was?
Chapter 35

Rule of the Night


No act intended, it was full-blown kissing.
Natir was on her toes, her eyes wide, her open palms raised to her shoulders. She did not know how to react as the young woman sucked on Natir’s lips as if she had mistaken them for a spout of a wine jug.
Alfred, evidently stumped by the unexpected occurrence, cleared his voice and called out, “Katerina, welcome, uh… Katerina…? Katerina?” As she wasn’t listening, he raised his voice, “Katka!”
Katerina finally broke their kiss, but her palms were yet to let go of Natir’s cheeks. She sucked on her lower lip and murmured as her eyes feasted on Natir’s shocked face, “Mm, and now I did, too.”
If Natir had learned anything about judging people from first glance, everything about this woman screamed ’trouble’.
Katerina was overflowing with energy, much like Keelin, and her lips tasted of beer. She was slightly shorter than Natir, and just a few years older. Her build was small but sturdy. Light-blonde hair banded into a ponytail. Her green eyes shone with playfulness and were mysteriously attractive when she narrowed them.
She wore a woolen red czapka—ear flap hat—on her head, and a fur-topped cloak over a thick pearl-pink tunic, neither of appeared to be hers for the cloak’s ends wiped the ground while the tunic was much too loose and missing a belt.
 “Welcome,” Alfred called again. When Katerina finally looked his way, he raised his arms and jested, “I’m right here.”
“Who said I’m here for you?” Katerina countered.
“What cursed blizzard blew you into our camp?” said Agatha with loathing.
Katerina played her forefinger in the air, pointing Agatha out, “Good to see you too, um… What was your name again?”
Agatha’s faced reddened with insult, while Alfred faked a chuckle, then asked, “I don’t see Enrick, where is he?”
“Who knows, who cares?”
“He didn’t come with you?”
Katerina narrowed her gaze at Alfred and surrounded Natir with her arms. “You want Enrick? Go search for him. I’m only here to kidnap this one, I’m sure you won’t mind.”
Natir stammered, “Excuse me?”
“I’m available,” Volk volunteered.
Alfred said quickly, “Wait, she may not—”
“Oh, pffttt, relax, I’m not going to eat her. Promise.”
Sensing trouble, Alfred waved his hand for Katerina to slow down and chuckled nervously, “Just wait, wait, what’s the hurry? Come, have a seat, join us for a little bit.”
Katerina looked left and right at the dull company and said, disappointed, “Yes, well, as much as I appreciate the offer, I’m afraid your festival is a little bit too wild for me, Alfred. But do feel free to join us.” She then swiftly turned on her heel, holding Natir’s wrist in her palms, “All right then, let’s go.”
“Go? Go where?” said Natir, stealing nervous looks at Alfred as Katerina was already taking steps backwards, pulling Natir away by her hand.
Alfred said, “Katka? Katka wait!”
“Just come with me, come!” Katerina said, laughing with excitement and not taking ‘no’ for an answer as she snatched Natir away. She soon burst into full run, ignoring Natir’s yelps of shock and Alfred’s shouts for them to stop.

*   *   *

Among the celebrators, their camp was the loudest. You could hear their drums, flutes, laughter, and music resounding all the way to the other end of the army’s campground.
The camp was surrounded by wooden fortifications, but no guards manned the entrance. Natir and the young woman arrived running and simply went inside, unquestioned, with Katerina’s laughter announcing her return.
Natir saw, on the run, a banner featuring a black raven over a blue flag. But she did not know who this clan was.
A bearded, drunk man raised his voice and his cup from where he sat as Katerina and Natir dashed in front of him. “Is that the one?”
“Got her!” Katerina said, laughing.
“Where are you taking her? Bring her here.”
Katerina sprightly let go of Natir’s hand only to grab it again with the other as Katerina leapt backwards. “You want her? Come and get her.”
The man tried to go after them but collapsed to the ground before he could rise and laughed. Katerina laughed at him and spun around again, pulling Natir deeper into the camp, strutting as she walked.
Natir tried to ask, “Where are we—”
Katerina suddenly swirled and bolted to the side to throw her cloak at someone. “Wooh! Thanks.”
Surprised, the man raised the cloak over his head, “Hey, whose cloak is this?”
Katerina cackled a wild laugh, not stopping, “I forgot. I thought it was yours!”
Natir became very anxious. Not only had she no clue where and among whom she was, but the people around her looked nothing short of crazed.
The Havran knew too well how to have a good time. Their celebration made Alfred’s hall at its finest hour look drab. Food and drinks were of no small supply. The music and hype were deafening. The great bonfires blazed—fifteen feet into the air—everywhere Natir looked, and from around them people sang, danced, drank, played outrageous games, made love, chased after women yelping with joy, and behaved drunkenly. Not a soul in the whole camp was showing the slightest amount of restraint; everyone was into one joy or the other.
There were so many of them—outnumbering the Toic threefold at least—and what was even stranger was that there were so many women among their ranks, most barely clad as they danced, and wearing masks made of animals’ skulls and feathers that concealed only a part of their faces.
The woman who dragged Natir to their camp, Katerina, must have been famous. The name “Katka!” and dare invitations were called out from every group the two women passed.
Nor was Katerina too shy to return their flirts with bolder jests. She would spin, feeling out her own body or playing the ends of her dress for one caller, showing off her fine figure. Grope-back another who spanked her hip. Steal a cup from someone’s hand only to spray beer in the air. Rock her body next to a dancing woman before continuing on her way. And if her lips were not echoing a laugh, they were calling out to one person or another, making it impossible for Natir to ask Katerina a single question.
Natir yelped as she was suddenly snatched away by a passing drunk who attempted to kiss her.
“Hands off,” Katerina jested, stealing Natir back from between the man’s arms with a spin on her heel as her free hand shot out, targeting the man’s groin as swift as a beesting, causing him to shriek and hold his groin as he collapsed to his knees, surrounded by his friends’ laughter.
“Oopps, sorry,” Katerina intoned and waved her hand at him as she walked away, then rounded a tent with Natir. “This way.”
They passed next to a loud group of men who were banging their drums next to a bonfire. A man suddenly dropped his drum and jumped in front of the two women, shouting with joy, “Katkaaa! You’re not sweating, you’re not sweating!”
Katerina shouted back as if accepting a challenge, “Who’s not sweating?”
To Natir’s shock, Katerina immediately threw her czapka away, laughing, and started to dance!
The men’s voices rose with cheers and whistles while Natir took a few steps backwards, watching her host as she danced with her hands on her thighs to the sound of music.
A woman dancing nearby bumped onto Natir. The woman laughed her heart out as she stumbled sideways and dropped her shawl next to the fire. Katerina picked it up suddenly with a lithe motion and danced away with it, winding it round her hips as she swirled.
Some men joined her. Katerina rocked her body between two men, so close that her body rubbed against theirs from both sides and the men’s hands groped her. She then leapt to the side and danced with a third man before she suddenly pushed him down to the ground in a heap and danced around him.
The man tried to get up, but Katerina pushed him with her foot back onto the ground, which fascinated her audience and caused the cheers to grow louder. She was lost into the music, entranced by it. Her body moved in rhythm with the sound of drums as she went round and round the small crowded space.
The drumming quickened. She lifted her white arms in an arch above her head and whirled around herself, raised on the tips of her toes, feet close together. She burst into savage laughter and a wild jig, spinning on the points of her toes, as the shawl unwound and blew off from her speed.
Katerina undid her ponytail and shook her head till the mass of her blonde hair cascaded to her shoulders. She dropped down and bent backward, her body deeply curved, till the back of her head almost touched the ground, causing the cheers, whistles and astounded cries to go wild.
“This one is not sweating!”
“Hey, she’s not sweating!”
Natir whipped her head around and saw a couple of half-drunk men behind her—one of them held a cup of beer, the other had a mask in his hand, like the ones the women wore—causing a scene that drew attention to Natir as they pointed her out with their hand signals, laughter, and cries.
“What… Sweating?” she stammered.
“I’m good for another round,” said the man holding the mask, suddenly reaching out with his other hand to pull up Natir’s dress.
Natir shirked and jumped out of his reach. She barked, “What do you think you’re doing?”
“Dance, dance!” the other man said, shaking his body.
“Let’s see your moves.”
“Shake that lovely body, yes, oh, yesss.”
Confused, Natir said, “Sorry, I’m not . . . I’m not really into dancing right now.”
“You want to have sex with me?”
“Excuse me?” she yelped.
They laughed at her, “You’re not sweating!”
One of the men looked over his shoulder and yelled at a group nearby, “Hey! I’ve found one, this one is not sweating.”
“Sweating, what? I don’t understand what you’re saying!”
The men froze. They looked at one another and cackled, “She doesn’t know.”
“Which clan are you visiting from? You came here without knowing about this?”
“Know about what?”
The man with the beer came next to Natir. He threw his arm over her shoulders and explained, “All right, listen, here are the rules for this night. You see that pole over there?”
Natir followed his gesture. “Yes?”
The other man said, surrounding Natir from the other side, “Any woman who takes a single step into this camp and doesn’t dance or make love until her skin glistens with sweat, will be tied to that pole.”
“And showered with horse shit!” said the other man, and both laughed.
Natir felt her eyes about to pop out of her head. “You’re shitting me.”
“Not if the horses beat me to it!” He said, laughing. “These are our earl’s orders. We have to obey.”
“It’s the rule of the night.” The other man grabbed his belt, as if to use it to tie Natir up, and said with a wink, “So, will you be the first on the pole?”
Rooted to the spot. Natir looked over her shoulder at her host, still dancing away, then back at the two men. She took the beer from the man’s hand and gulped it down her throat, then reached her hand out to the other. “Give me that mask.”
And the two men’s laughter burst through the air.

To be continued…
Thank You!


I hope you enjoyed a good read and that you will choose to share this experience with your friends

& don’t miss out on the chance to tell the world what you think!

Post Your Review
Coming next,

Book IV of the series



NATIR
WHITEBRIDGE





For all enquiries please contact the author at:
James.Starvoice@gmail.com

