Never Trust The Moon
By Brick ONeil
Published by Lione Services at Smashwords Edition 1

Copyright 2015 Brick ONeil

Discover Other Titles by Brick ONeil 
Simple Healthy Fresh 1.0
Simple Healthy Fresh 2.0
Simple Healthy Fresh 3.0: Dinners
Introduction to Simple Healthy Fresh
Ultimate Simple Health Fresh
Aside of Murder
The Bamboo Killer
Silver Linings on Dark Clouds (My Life with Alport’s Syndrome)
Different Dreams
Triad: Fates, Furies and Graces
Unrelated: A Selection of Short Stories

All on my website, http://brickoneil.com all my above books, blog, contact information and other news.

Send me an Email: brickoneil@chef.net 
***~~~***

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


CHAPTER ONE
 
   Cole Harris was working in the early summer heat on the north end of Seattle in Washington State, in King County.  His Alpha, Master Joe Ballard, owned Ballard Corporation that held a Construction Company and a Landscaping Company, plus other holdings around the world. The prior two employed his four Beta’s (second in commands) along with the rest of the wolf pack, the pups. Master Joe was obviously the Alpha, at six foot six and three hundred pounds of pure muscle but was so good natured that he was considered a big ole teddy bear. Master Joe had been Alpha Wolf his entire adult life, looking fifty two, no one dared counter his word. He had been a Wolf for far longer, though.
   Joe was much older and just stopped aging at fifty two. Indeed, he was several thousand years old, was turned by mysterious stranger in what was ancient Mediterranean area around Ten B.C. He had seen much and been through much in all that time, he liked being under the radar, which the Wolf Council in Germany liked about him. Joe had a level head, was slow to anger and act, therefore was the natural choice to lead the Pacific Northwest region of Wolves. 
   Cole considered himself not a bad Beta. He had worked his way up in both the business and pack and was happy where he was. At “thirty nine and six deuce”, he was fond of saying and at two hundred fifty pounds of pure muscle, he felt he was a great addition to Master Joe’s pack. He was found in the Northern Italian region of the world around 1500 A.D., broken and wandering with amnesia, as a new Wolf and had been turned and let loose. Joe found him, nursed him back to health, taught him how to be a wolf. He was still ruled by his emotions and his Alpha kept a close eye on him every full moon. Therefore, Cole promised his undying loyalty and affection. He hadn’t broken his promise in all those years.
   Cole Harris had coal black hair and eyes, he could hold his own in any fight. Some of the pups called him dark, swarthy with his Italian heritage, huge chest and narrow waist, he could be fearsome in any fight. 
   Setting the shovel down under a Red Flowering Dogwood tree, he was in charge of the crew working on some landscaping, breaking up some concrete parking lot for a gazebo with a walkway and flower garden for the “Ladies of the King County Auxiliary”. They performed many good works and deeds in the city and had decided to upgrade the look of the business end, to accommodate clients that came to donate. 
   “Hey, Don, how deep is that asphalt?” Cole hollered to a stocky well-built man in his twenties, manning a Jackhammer who had taken a break as well. He was down to his wifebeater, wiping sweat off his brow and scalp with a blue handkerchief. 
   “A good six inches, some spots are ten plus  it’s mixed with a dense sand, making this almost unbreakable.” He flexed his 25 inch biceps and winked at Cole. “For a regular man, good thing last night’s full moon helped me energize!  For me, this will be a piece of cake, Brother!” Both men laughed at the inside joke, not wanting anyone outside the pack knowing they were Wolves.
   “You need a break there, Don? Bill? There’s some lemonade over in the...” Before he could finish the sentence, the three men heard a pounding run from the alley between the Ladies Auxiliary building and the Flower’s and More shop next door, ‘Izel’s Azaleas’, which sold more than Azaleas, but she couldn’t think of anything else that rhymed with her name. The trio of men tensed up when they heard a man’s strangled cry of fear, for nothing upset a Wolf more than hearing someone smaller or weaker than them hurt or in trouble. 
   A shorter man burst from the alleyway, wildly looking around him for an escape. Cole tensed, ready to pounce on and fight whomever was harassing this gentle looking soul. The tiny man saw Cole, raised his head, did the oddest thing to Cole, he smelled the air. A look of relief washed across his face but was quickly replaced by another look of fear as he jerked his gaze behind him and raced for Cole.
   Cole sniffed the air and caught a scent of coffee cake and spread his arms out wide, welcoming the frightened man, placing one arm around the guy’s shoulders while the man buried his face inbetween Cole’s furry, muscular pecs, trying to make himself as small as possible. Don and Bill ran in front of Cole and the man, now firmly in the safety zone, ready at once to protect their Beta and friend. 
   The little man was wearing a black chambrey button down, dark blue wranglers that cupped his butt perfectly and dark brown suede work boots. He noticed there were no rings on his fingers but did have small diamonds in his ears. The guy only came up to his chest but seemed to enjoy the fur between his pecs. All the pups called his chest hair and body hair fur because it was so dark black and thick, like a pelt. His Wolf’s fur was the same dark fur but silky.
   From the alleyway burst two henchmen well-known to Master Ballard and his pack belonging to Alpha Declan Edwards pack from the neighboring county, Snohomish, north of King County. What they were doing in Master Joe’s territory was breaking the treaty that resulted from Last Winter’s War. Also against the treaty was terrorizing and harassing normal citizens like this scared, tiny man clutching and hiding in Beta Cole’s shadow.
   “Terrorizing innocent citizens, eh Turner?” Cole asked with narrowed eyes at the tall, bald muscular Beta.  They fought during Last Winter’s War while Master Joe and his allies were turning the fight against the Edwards Pack, well-known for breaking laws and hunting smaller, weaker humans.
   “Just having a bit o’fun, Harris.” Turner spat out with a stream of tobacco juice and scratched his dirty chest fur.  His smile barely hid his extended canines, causing Bill and Don to pump up their muscular chests and arms in defense, softly giving off warning growls and nips. 
   “Might want to call of the kittens, Harris,” Hayes, the other man, who was Edwards’ first Beta, “They could do themselves a mischief.” The two packmates of Cole’s sneered back, giving off a fighting scent while Cole was crushing the shaking and frightened man so he felt safe. 
   “They could tear your throats out without batting a paw, Hayes.” Don and Bill smiled at the two other wolves, who began swaggering down the sidewalk and around the other corner. 
   “Is he ok?” Bill asked, turning towards his older Beta, face changing to full concern.
   “Does he need anything?” Don began walking to the truck where Cole was going to suggest the two workers take a lemonade break. Don came back with four glasses of the sweet, ice cold tart drink, handing one to Bill and two to Cole. Cole was gently pushing the now slack man away from his chest, giving the other two men another concerned look.  
   The man was around five foot seven inches tall, coming up to Cole’s chest and shoulders, his blond hair was cut short and his dark red moustache and beard felt soft against his furry forearm. The man kind of stocky but not muscular like a wolf, more like a smaller than average human. Cole was looking at the man’s face, decided he was indeed gentle and friendly.  He was also so frightened he had had a seizure and currently was staring at nothing in particular. For some reason, this scared Cole more than anything had in his entire life, even fighting in last Winter’s War. His phone started buzzing and ringing in his pocket. 
   Setting the drinks down on a small rock wall, while continuing to hold the now slack man, he was digging the device out of his pocket. He saw the name on the screen and answered immediately.
   “Master Joe” he said reverently.
   “Cole, what’s wrong? I felt you and the boys were scared and ready to fight.” Holding the truth from Master Joe would be stupid, because an Alpha could hear his Betas’ and pups’ thoughts and feelings automatically but not vice versa. Hearing your Alpha’s thoughts was against the Pack Law and they respected Master Joe too much to even try to lie to him.
   “Some of Edwards’ pack was chasing an innocent. The man ran right up to me while we confronted Turner and Hayes. They’ve left the area and we’re concerned about this man, who I think was so frightened he had a seizure.” Cole responded quickly to his Alpha’s question, not leaving anything out.
   “Be right there, boy. I’m at the feed store just a few blocks away.” Master Joe abruptly and roughly answered.  If there was one thing that upset Master Joe more than anything on Earth, was seeing a smaller or weaker person getting hit or harassed by a bigger man. He oftentimes got into many fights protecting others, as he instilled in all his boys and pack to protect the innocent.  Not more than five or six minutes later, the huge, muscular Alpha Wolf sauntered from the same block the two Edwards’ men disappeared around. The Beta and the two sub-wolves, Bill and Don, immediately bowed their heads in deference to their Alpha. 
   Master Joe was a sight to behold, looking every bit a tall, furry, muscular mountain of a man. His demeanor gave the aura of dominance and respect. Many men found themselves deferring to the rough looking man-creature.  He held just enough humanity to blend into society, yet enough wolf to scare off other wannabe alphas.      
   Easily covering the few spare yards between himself and the group, he saw Bill and Don still in a protective stance, even while holding glasses of lemonade.  Cole was protectively holding a tiny man, clutching Cole’s huge arms with his face in back in Cole’s chest. In a deceptively calm voice, Master Joe slowly came up in front of Cole. 
   “So, what do we have here?” He looked in Cole’s eyes, meaning it was ok for Cole to look back into his Master’s eyes without meaning to challenge him for dominance.
   Just then the door to the Women’s Auxiliary burst open and three women with two and three piece suits and mile-high hair scurried across the parking lot and sidewalk, all talking at once, hoping to garner favor with the huge mountain of a man to donate to some of the charities they headed.
   Master Joe was the picture of politeness, never giving the impression he was anything other than pleased to see the three busybodies. He nodded at each one, “Helen, Jess, Padma”, they tittered a hello back, nodding at the group of men, in general. The three women were human, being none of the paranormal creatures, although Bill was heard to complain they resembled Harpies and Tony was known to give snide comments about kappas out of water.
   Helen was the mouthpiece for the group and did all the talking whenever they were in public, stating she was ‘President for Life’, a title she selflessly ‘endured’, while wearing red and sometimes black or white power business suits.
   “We saw the entire thing, Mr. Ballard! Those two no-good ruffians from the next county, Edwards’ men, were chasing that poor little man from the alleyway!” She exclaimed, in a huff. Jess and Padma nodded in sync, as if they were marionettes. 
   “He’s so tiny!” Jess, what was called a handsome woman, also slightly taller and almost as blocky as Cole, in a slimming outfit in dark midnight blue. 
   “Who would chase such a gentle soul?” Padma, wearing a dull pink pants suit, asked with a sorrowful voice, not really expecting an answer. The Edwards boys were notorious for causing mayhem in their own county, spreading out to neighboring ones, including across Elliott Bay to Kitsap and up north to Skagit. They were notorious for stealing from homes, damaging what they couldn’t haul off and harassing anyone coming across their path.  The local and state authorities knew them well, having had them on probation at one time or another. Turner and Hayes began wandering with their Alpha’s blessing.
   “Don’t worry ladies, well take extra care of this gentle man.” Master Joe swept his arms to include not only himself, but the boys in his pack-they had no idea that is what he meant, but they nodded knowing fully well that the responsible, and quite good looking, Joe Ballard, had everything now in control. 
   “So be it, Mr. Ballard,” Helen intoned, “Your reputation proceeds you.” The three turned as one body with three heads and went back inside the building. 
   Turning to the three men, who presented the back of their necks to their Alpha-a sign of submissiveness. “What do we know?” He asked, giving permission to talk to him.
   Cole looked up again and began again “Just what I said earlier. He,” Cole nodded to the little man still in midst-seizure and clutching his muscular biceps, “ran from between the buildings, looked around then ran straight for me.” Cole straightened up a little with pride that someone actively sought him out for safety and comfort. 
  Looking at Don, Master Joe asked “What did Edwards’ men do?” 
   Don looked up with his head still bowed, a little unsure of himself. “They swaggered out and mouthed off to us. That Turner was hell-bent for trouble, alright.” Master Joe nodded at the younger pup, Don and gazed over at Bill and gave a small smile, to let them know they did the right thing in moving in to protect Cole and the innocent.
   “What’s happening with him now?” Bill asked a bit worried. “Think they got to him before he came out?” 
   “No, I think the stress just caught up to him, pup.” Bill sighed with relief at his Master’s explanation. “He’s a bit overwhelmed and his body and mind is breaking down to deal with it.” Master Joe leaned over to tousle the young man’s furry head and neck, Bill.  “Come on, we’ll take him over to Tessa’s Tavern to avoid all these stares from the Women’s Auxiliary and Izel with her customers.  Tessa’s Tavern was next to the feed store, just called “The Feed Store”. 
   Master Joe reached down and gentle as could be, picked up the tiny man and placed him over one shoulder, holding him firmly in place. “C’Mon pups.” He called behind him, knowing the three were following behind. He could hear Bill and Don teasing each other about who was stronger and more brave in work, war and play. Master Joe chuckled at the pups’ playfulness then stole a look at Cole, who was always a bit more serious and wondered if the boy would ever relax. He felt Cole’s hands caressing the smaller man’s face and head with such gentleness, he wouldn’t have felt it unless he heard the boy’s thoughts. 
   He heard Cole sniffing the man’s hair and getting confused at what he was scenting.
   ‘So the boy finally found someone he’s interested in?’ Master Joe thought to himself. ‘I’ll have to learn as much as I can about this mysterious man that caught his attention. It’s about time, he’s been single long enough. We’ll take it slow and see what happens.’
   “Here we are, pups.” Master Joe brought the pups to attention, wanting some decorum inside Tessa’s. The place would be noisy enough once they had some beers in them. 
   “Mind if we come in Tessa?” Master Joe shouted and laughed. He was joined by a boisterous woman’s bass voice, booming back at him.
   “Wipe your shoes and keep the pups off the bar!” She joked. Tessa, was the proprietress of the tavern, five foot ten and over six foot in her high heeled, thigh-high, no-nonsense ‘shit kicker boots’ she was known to wear. She could even run in them. No one was foolhardy enough to mess with Tessa.
   “Hey, we wipe our feet first.” Bill shouted, making a show of wiping his work boots on the heel stub outside the door.
   “And we’re almost housebroken, too. We even know how how to use the bathroom.” Don grabbed his belt and hitched up his pants making a face making Tessa boom with laughter.
   “What you got there, a sack of potatoes?” she was genuinely confused but had rankled Cole, who was already over-protective of the tiny man, not knowing one iota about him. He thought he’d better say before Cole could get upset even more.
   “Cole saved him from Edwards’ men, Turner and Hayes.” He smiled down at the larger pup, who smiled back, earning the praise from his Alpha was everything to a wolf pup, whether Beta or litter mate.
   “Oh, those two,” Tessa turned her face so they wouldn’t see her rage, “they tried coming in here bragging about something or other. I showed them the pointy end of my boots, fellas.” She winked generously at Cole, who caught the meaning. The ‘something or other’ meant they were bragging about harassing and terrorizing the innocent. She also believed protecting the innocent, just as Joe Ballard did. She had great affection for the tall, furry Wolf, even if he did smell like wet dog, which she was known to tease.
   “Just put him in your big booth at the end, Joe.” Tessa could get away with first names, she was the leader of the county’s Vampire clan or coven, Midnight. They had all worked out details in the Treaty, having fought against Edwards and his allies to keep him from taking over the county the previous winter. That was the reason the wolf pack was welcome in her Tavern without any trouble and her clan was welcome in Joe’s businesses in return, plus they could discipline each other’s followers without repercussions. They were that comfortable with each other.
   Joe, Cole and the pups walked to the back of the tavern to a wide, U-Shaped booth. Joe could sense Cole was carefully watching how gently he set the tiny man on the seat without getting outright prickly. Joe had to laugh to himself at Cole’s protectiveness, even if the pup didn’t understand why he was so overprotective. Tessa had no such inhibitions.
   “Don’t worry, son, your Alpha knows how to be gentle.” The statuesque woman playfully shook Cole’s shoulder. “Your little man couldn’t be in better hands.” She set down five Ales her Tavern was known for across the region. 
   Cole blushed with embarrassment and cringed at the perceived chewing out he was expecting from his Alpha. Tessa laughed wholeheartedly as she returned to the bar, greeting some of her own betas, or Lieutenants, of her Vampire clan. She waved at her Mate, Paine, at the bar, who waved back.
   “Tis ok, pup,” Master Joe rubbed his Dark Beta’s head with his hand, gently pushing off to one side. The younger pups saw the play and started up with the vocal roughhousing. Cole gave the tiny man worried gaze when he started coming around, talking nonsense and placing his hands on the table, trying to get up or push the table out.
   “Woah, there, buddy,” Master Joe began as the smaller man shook his head and couldn’t form words yet.  The pups stopped play fighting, noticing the gentle voice of their Alpha. Their faces ping-ponged from Cole, to the man to their Master. 
   “Woom Jush Prool?” The man shook his head again, leaning towards Cole’s neck and inhaling deeply.  Cole sat up straighter unconsciously and smiled so large, Joe thought Cole would crack some teeth. Wolves identified others by smell and apparently Cole had already committed this man’s scent to memory. What was more curious, was the man had already noticed Cole’s scent. Was he a wolf as well? Running from Edwards? Joe carefully brought Cole’s arm from the table around the man’s head and placed it around the other man’s shoulders, who sat between Cole and himself.  The pups were at the other side of the booth, not missing anything. 
   “What was that, lil buddy?” Cole asked gently for such a big man, at least to the one next to him.
   “Umm....” Shaking his head to clear or knock something loose, he spoke carefully. “Where am I?” 
   ‘You’re at a Tavern in Seattle, you ran from an alley from someone.” Cole spoke softly and as little as possible, not wanting to cause any more stress or another seizure. “Do you remember anything?” 
   The man saw the Ale in front of him, took a mouthful, making an appreciative noise. Tessa stole a quick gaze at the man, winked at Cole and nodded at Joe. Just then the door opened and two sheriff’s deputies waltzed in, without a care in the world. The first one, whose nametag said “Johnson”, walked right up to Tessa, spoke softly. They were wearing brown uniforms with matching cowboy hats and sturdy cowboy boots. Tessa turned back to Joe, who was now on the phone on a short business call, nodded, wanting him to join them at the other end of the bar, near the door, where the officers were.
   Joe told his pups to stay at the table and at the same time talking to someone and saying ‘alright’ while hanging up and extending his large hands to the equally large deputy.  
   “Joe, this is Deputy Johnson and Deputy Miller. They found a bag in the alleyway between the Auxiliary and Izel’s. Miller picked up a large mesh bag with groceries, some smashed. Izel told him the bag belonged to some little guy that you picked up, quite literally and brought here. She laughed at the pun, nodding over at the small man, rubbing the back of his neck.
   “Thanks, Tessa.” Deputy Johnson nodded then looked over, “Joe, I understand your boys found the victim.  We’ve arrested Edwards’ boys causing trouble at the ‘High Heel’ trying to start a fight. They’re cooling off in lockup.”  Miller hadn’t said anything, befitting his junior status between the two. He held a carefully blank face when looking between Joe, Tessa and his superior.
   “Thanks, Johnson, the man ran right to Cole for protection.” Joe pointedly stated, not wanting to force the man any undue hardship. More like wanting to give Cole all the opportunity to feel the man out next to him in the booth.  Hell, if the man was Cole’s mate, he’d give everything to help it out. Even if the man didn’t know what was going on. There was something about the smaller man that intrigued Joe. Something ‘more’ about him. He couldn’t put his finger on it though.
   “Looks like you have everything under control.” Johnson smiled slightly, then looked serious at the deputy behind him. “Miller, give the bag to Mr. Ballard, he’ll give the items to the victim.” Turning back to Joe, he added, mostly for his junior’s convenience, “Just be sure the man comes down to the department to make a statement.” They nodded at Joe, tipped their hats at Tessa and left the building. 
   Tessa looked longingly at Johnson, leaned over to Joe and whispered “What I’d give to be manhandled by that Deputy Johnson!” She winked at Joe, snapped a towel at his butt as he turned around with the mesh bag of groceries. He turned back around. 
   Paine was across the bar taking an order from some college girls, who were ogling the lithe blond man who was wearing a captivating eyepatch. They were giggling and thrusting their cleavage out at the man. He was smiling at the exchange. Tessa was a lusty woman who had a zest for life and wasn’t bothered by the blatant display, ‘live and let live’ was her motto from her old days.
   Tessa had owned the tavern in North King County for quite a few years and hid her identity, not wanting too many people paying attention to just how many years she had owned the tavern. Indeed, as a Vampire, she had been around for a few millennia and owned businesses, corporations all around the years, preferring the sultry islands around the equator. She’d wanted a change and found it in the sometimes drizzly northwest.
   “Oh Tessa?” She turned back, leaned over the bar with a question on her face.
   “Yah, Joe?” 
   “You smell the guy?” He nodded his head slightly over at the table, where they could see Cole with his arm around the man, talking softly with the pups leaning forward with big stupid grins on their faces.  They had taken a break from playing and had noticed Cole’s interest after all.
   “The guy is so tiny.  What is he, five-seven?” Joe nodded and had asked Tessa about the man’s scent because like wolves, Vampires had an extrasensory scent perception. “Yah, I did notice an aroma round him. No wonder your boy, Cole hasn’t left him alone.” Tessa ribbed with glee, for Cole was well-known not to have been interested in anyone for years, only to have been involved in his Master Joe’s construction business and work around the Wolf Compound, Ballard House.
   “What’s he smell like to you?” Joe smiled, knowing what was coming.
   “Only Cole’s biggest weakness: Coffee and Coffeecake!” Tessa and Joe shared a laugh, not at Cole, but that his single days were doomed, even if he and the little man were completely unaware.
   Wolves, as they referred to themselves, or as humans called them, Werewolves, due to their overly furry human nature with almost unnatural muscular development, had uncanny senses of smell, much like a dog’s or wolf’s natural sense of smell. But to call a Wolf a Werewolf was an insult, meaning one could never be a true Wolf, only a hybrid. They felt a fate worse than death. Rival packs would throw the insult in the streets, especially in battle.
   Even in their human form, the wolves and pups could smell scents and aromas that normal  humans could not, around two million different scents.  Vampires were very similar with their senses, which was why Joe and Tessa liked each other so much and valued the other’s opinion. Theirs was a natural friendship that wouldn’t go any further. Their friendship further cemented by Last Winter’s War against Edwards’ pack and his Vampire Ally, Danae and her clan, Nightmare. Both Midnight and Nightmare were big influential Vampire clans in the Pacific Northwest and had allied themselves with similar Wolf Packs. Both Vampire and Wolf councils were on a ‘wait and see’ after a tentative treaty resulting from the war.
   Without a care in the world, Joe silently walked back to the booth, slid next to the man and brought the bag next to him. 
   “Deputy Johnson found this in the alleyway before you found Cole.” Joe stated as softly and gently as possible.  Looking down at the man from his high sitting height, he saw a gentle face, light brown short cropped hair and a soft, square jaw under a dark red beard. His eyes were a deep blue, like the ocean’s depths. He looked at the mesh bag and tried keeping tears from staining his cheeks.
   “Thank you, Master Joe.” The man simply said and Joe gazed at Cole, who blushed. 
   “I didn’t tell him...” Cole began and Joe raised a large hand nonchalantly, listening to Cole’s thoughts. I didn’t tell him to call him Master, he must have been listening during the seizure. I had no idea he could be aware. How am I going to explain?
   Joe nodded and understood it wasn’t his pup’s fault and decided to gloss over the mishap. 
   “So, what’s your name there, lil buddy?” Joe placed his hands on the table, in a show of non-confrontation and hunched down a little to look the man in the eyes. He knew Cole was watching intently.
   “My name is Codi Wilson, I was shopping at a sale the next street over, at Red Black Discount Store, when these two overly large goons started stalking me like I was some sort of small prey.” Codi’s voice quivered at the memory, making Cole growl so low that Codi’s normal human couldn’t hear.  Bill, Don, Joe as well as Tessa heard.  Tessa’s head swiveled so fast at the mention of the ‘overly large goons’ comment, she was pissed she hadn’t killed the two idiots when she had them. She decided to saunter over and with great care, looking as if she didn’t have a care in the world, either.
   “How’s the Ale, boys?” She looked quickly at Joe, then held Bill’s and Don’s gaze longer, imparting meaning.
   “These are great, Tessa,” Bill said a bit nervously, giving their Alpha a quick look, “Mind if Don and I go play the mini bowling game?” Tessa had some games on hand to pass the time for her clan and the neighboring pack. 
   “Go ahead boys, then afterwards go back to work.” He patted each boy on the behind to show he wasn’t upset with them for being off the job. 
   “Now then, I’m Tessa and this is my Tavern.  You’re the guest of Joe and Cole here, welcome.” She smiled warmly, using a little of her paranormal hypnosis, that most all paranormal creatures such as her and Joe had. Cole noticed Codi calming down and even smiling, making his Coffee cake scent even more arousing. Cole was fidgeting in his seat, pulling at his work shirt collar he had thrown on earlier.     
   “Well, they’re not here anymore and they’re not going to bother you anymore.” She smiled again, placed her hand on top of Joe’s, giving a little squeeze and turned before Cole and Codi could see tears in the corners of her eyes.
   “I’m glad you found my boy, Cole, to protect you.  Those other men are bad news. I can replace whatever you lost after Cole goes back to work.” Joe could feel Cole’s inner wolf’s hackles rise and placed his large hand on Cole’s shoulder to calm him. “Cole knows you’ll be safer with no one else but me. He gave Cole a pointed look and Cole looked ashamed that he doubted his Master’s ability.
   “You’ll find no one more protective.” Cole stated, not wanting to make Codi more insecure of his surroundings. He looked a few years older than him but looked like he took good care of himself, wandering into strange alleyways notwithstanding. He still felt a surge of overprotectiveness towards Codi for some reason.
    Paine was still watching the whole interaction and became intrigued. His warrior senses from olden days active after millennia, wondered  why on earth Edwards and his Betas were interested in this tiny man. He didn’t look like an enemy nor any type of man that could be a threat to a Wolf Pack, nor Vampire Clan. Yet, there was something ‘other’ about the man that Paine couldn’t pin.
   Paine was Tessa’s Vampire Mate, having been turned in the 900s in one of the Scandinavian wars against England. He had been injured and was offered the choice to live as a Warrior for Creatures of the Night or die in disease and filth. Naturally he had chosen life after death. 
   When a human was changed to a paranormal creature, they were endowed with an extra perception. In life, Paine had been an asset to the armies of Scandinavian Generals for his ability to tell whether enemy prisoners were telling the truth. He watched miniscule muscle changes, body language and voice inflections to detect truth or lies.  As a Vampire, he could use his Paranormal Hypnosis to delve into another’s mind, which Tess found invaluable in their wars they faced together.
   Tessa was the unequivocal leader of their Clan, many of the members were from Scandinavian countries like Paine-Norway, Denmark, Sweden, Finland. When the Clan began fighting in Africa, there were some African tribesmen that chose life with Tessa rather than die or be captured by enemies, foreign or domestic. Life under Tess was better, they all agreed. Tess was tough, but fair. 
   Many chose to travel with their leader and some chose to stay behind to head businesses under Tessa’s corporation, Buccaneer International. “Evolve or Die” was Tessa’s model and she lived accordingly.  

  ********
   “We almost had him.” Hayes complained on the next block down from Tessa’s Tavern. 
   “What rotten luck he found the Harris Werewolf.” Turner emphasized on the were part of the word. Their Alpha, Edwards, leader of their pack, set them out to destroy Codi Wilson. So far the little man had been more resilient than they ever imagined. 
   “We can’t go back to the Pack having failed at our mission.” Hayes spit on the ground and scratched his dirty blond chest hair. 
   “No, we’d better come up with something and quick.” 
   “How about that little blue Fairy? She’s still willing to deal.” 
   “Are you shitting me?” Turner pulled his compatriot into the shadow of a used record store.
   “No, we need to find out where they are, she has offered and Edwards gave us the means.” Hayes looked around for eavesdroppers, finding none, he continued. “She’s willing to buck the law and we’re no innocent bystanders ourselves.”
   Turner ran a thick, meaty hand through his unkempt shaggy hair, blew out a deep breath and nodded his head. 
   “It’s our necks and lives on the line if this screws up.”
   “You know what will happen if any of the councils find out about this?” He arched an eyebrow and Hayes nodded solemnly. 
   “Better the councils than Edwards.” 
   “Ok, then, let’s head out.

CHAPTER TWO
   After seeing Cole off to the jobsite, Joe took Codi Wilson grocery shopping at one of the grocery chains off the interstate followed by a drive back to his place across town in his double cab dualie. He needed the enlarged cab space for his overly large and muscular Betas and boys, along with strengthened axles and truck bed for jobs and moving items around their one hundred twenty acre ranch on the outskirts of the city, in north eastern King County. 
   “You live on the south end, huh?” Joe said softly, because he knew that Codi was still affected and embarrassed about having the seizure in front of the man he was interested in, Cole, along with the bigger, more muscular-than-him, boys, Bill and Don. He could tell the pups amused Codi and didn't want to look like he was looking down at them. 
   “Yes, it’s what I could afford. I’m renting a room over someone’s garage.” Codi was looking at the new groceries that Joe had replaced. “Thank you again, for replacing the groceries.  Even though I don’t remember buying this much to begin with.” He smiled up at the even larger man, who was almost a foot taller, even sitting down in the cab. 
   “You’re welcome, Codi. Since Cole found you, he’s responsible for you, which makes you my responsibility now.” He gave a big, relaxing smile, imparting some of the hypnosis down at the man, knowing he would relax more. “Here’s the address.” 
   Was it  his imagination, or was Codi surreptitiously looking over at the house with trepidation? 
   Joe pulled in front of a medium sized dilapidated home with wide planks covered in peeling off-white paint, kind of off the beaten path. There was trash surrounding the home and garage, weeds were sprouting like cowlicks around the property. The windows were covered with thick, heavy curtains that he was sure that let no light into the home. He could smell a sour odor and wondered what on earth the little man had gotten himself into.
   Next to the home was a detached single car garage covered in the same wide, off-white planks with a small apartment overhead. Joe got out and helped the man down from the tall cab and carried a few bags of groceries, letting Codi carry the large mesh bag, that he thought was too heavy for the little man.
     Codi had waved him off stating ‘I may be short, but I’ve got a stout back. I can carry heavy loads.” He smiled up at Joe, shifting the bag up his shoulder so he could get the keys to the apartment. As the two men were climbing up the start of the steep steps, Joe couldn’t help thinking how many violations in construction there was in just the stairs. 
   “Go ahead and put those away and I’ll take you to the Sheriff’s office to fill out that report.” Joe stepped out to hand the rest of the groceries up over the top of the stairs, being so tall all he had to do was raise his arms. 
   Back in the cab and seat belts on, Codi made himself comfortable again, visibly relaxing after leaving the small apartment.
   “You’re so tense, little guy.” Joe stated without hammering the questions he wanted.
   “Yah, it’s just...the landlords can get a little difficult at times. That’s all, nothing to worry about.” Codi placed a great big, bright fake smile that in no way convinced the Alpha Wolf that everything was ‘ok’. He let it slide, knowing he’d find out what was going on. 
   A short time later, they were pulling up in front of a gray concrete and iron building that resembled Russian 1950s architecture except for the “SHERIFF’S DEPARTMENT” sign in metal letters splayed out across the face of the building. Joe led the way to the front desk with Codi in front of him. At the desk was Deputy Miller, who, stone faced, greeted Joe and wordlessly handed Codi some forms to fill out. WIth Codi busy and Joe reading his thoughts to ensure he remembered everything, Joe began small talk with Miller, who didn’t want to have anything to do with him. 
   Joe was surprised and wondered what was up with the taciturn Deputy. After twenty minutes or so, Codi was done, and Miller handled the paperwork, Joe casually put his hand on Codi’s back to hustle him out the door. Deputy Miller was known to be taciturn, not liking much anyone. Some people were just boors, Joe knew. 
   “How about we grab a burger, Codi?” He was rewarded with a big smile and a rumbling tummy. Joe smiled, thinking of his ravenous pups at mealtimes, or between meals or anytime, really. They found a good burger joint, hopped inside and ordered.
   “Sure you can eat all that, lil guy?” Joe smirked at the two double cheeseburgers, large curly fries with chili powder and a medium root beer he saw on the other tray.
   “I can eat just about anytime, that’s why i’m so big!” Codi laughed, patting his average sized stomach, with Joe joining in laughter.
   “You’re not big, Codi, you’re just stout.” He smiled back, shaking his head and looking at his own overflowing tray with two chicken sandwiches, large chef salad, extra-large fries with another double cheeseburger. He’d opted for a large sweet tea and brownie cake for dessert.
   “Let’s sit near the window, where we can watch people.” Codi suggested while maneuvering one of the attached swivel chairs that no one could remotely access with one hand. They sat down, eating and sharing stories about the town and going over what happened earlier in the day.
   Suddenly Codi froze with his second sandwich midway to his mouth, staring out across the parking long and along a small grove of trees beside the restaurant. Joe whipped his head around just in time to see Turner’s foot disappear into the grove and Hayes staring at Codi with wide menacing, psychopathic eyes, drawing his fingers across his throat. Even though he was far away, Codi’s normal eyes couldn’t see the details in Hayes’ face that Joe’s could. Joe had blood smeared all over his face and his canines were fully drawn.
   “Oh my god,” Codi was frantic, fear trembling in his voice, “Is that one of the men that chased me today?” 
   “Yah, lil buddy, but you’re ok,” Joe leaned forward so Hayes could tell Codi was protected by His pack, “they won’t dare touch you anymore.” Joe growled so deep that Codi couldn’t hear him. 
   Codi leaned back, gazing at Joe with such intense eyes, he made Joe wonder just what he was seeing. 
   “Do you work with wood?” Joe sat back in surprise.  That surely wasn’t the question he thought Codi would ask. 
    “Why, yes, what made you ask?” The Alpha Wolf, now curious. 
    “You smell like cedar wood chips or shavings.” Codi was all smiles and relaxed again. That Codi could scent troubled and pleased the Alpha at the same time.  
Seeing the other man yawning at the approaching sunset, the Alpha Wolf let the smaller man sleep on the way home. At the driveway, he gently shook Codi awake and he jumped off the high truck cab, watched the smaller man enter the apartment with no trouble, Joe returned home.
********
 “What do you mean, he got away?” A dark, thickly southern accented voice demanded on the phone. Edwards was not pleased his top two Beta’s, Turner and Hayes, failed to kill the damn little human, Wilson.
   “I send you two mongrels to eliminate the one person who can cause our downfall, and you fail? Is this toad of a man superhuman?” His voice was thick with sarcasm and growls, barely human now. Very Wolf like.
   “Sorry, Master, he ran right into Ballard’s Beta, that fuckin Harris Werewolf.” Turner shouted over his Alpha’s blustering. Turner scratched his dirty, bloody chest hair, removing a clump of deer meat. Turner watched the blood congeal against his white skin, grinning while imagining the little man, Codi Wilson, dying, begging for his life. The small man could do some big damage if he remembered anything. Turner’s paranormal asset was wiping memory. He had been born into a Wolfpack, his parents low in the hierarchy, he had to prove himself worthy of a beta in another new pack decades before, being Edwards’.
   “And where was Hayes during this miraculous escape?” Edwards’ voice bitterly asked. 
   Turner looked over at the other single bed in the dingy motel room. One that the manager didn't ask too many questions for the right price. Turner hated Stone Trolls, who took human form to cause mayhem and fear. While great allies to Edwards’ dark plans, much like Danae’s Nightmare clan, they were sneakily self-centered.
   “Beside me, we tracked the human to the store with the stone, found him at another grocery store, then tried to attack but he discovered us with his hidden talent, one of many, I might add. Then the little bastard ran.” Turner argued, with a little bit of awe.
   “Don’t sound so hung up, so he’s got a few tricks up his sleeves that he doesn’t know about,” Edwards begrudgingly agreed, “he’s not special. Ballard’s Pack’s involvement is just a small wrench in the plan.” 
   “Ballard’s Pack is just a small wrench? What about Last Winter’s War? Did you forget about that? Wilson gave us a great headstart but we still got our ass handed to us on a silver platter.” A derisive snort was heard in the room, causing Turner to throw a glare.
   Hayes was lounging on his twin bed, nearer the door, using a hyoid bone to pick his teeth clean. Hayes brought down the deer, to eat and meaning to smear their faces with the blood to scare the shitty little man at the barely liveable apartment their Alpha had coerced Codi to rent. The plan was to jump up at the back windows to cause the man a heart attack. 
   “ It’s the bastard Alpha, Ballard, ruined our plans.” Hayes yelled, grousing at the room in general. Now Hayes was laying the bed, half dressed in green army fatigues, shirtless, wiping more grime across his brown and blond chest hair with one hand and another holding a bottle of whiskey in the other watching some bad Spaghetti Western and laughing at the good guys.
   “He’s brooding over our lost plans to cause Wilson more stress. That damn Ballard and his pack just can’t help themselves over the innocent.”
   “Well that Wilson is far from the innocent he thinks he is. He’s dangerous to my plans. We’ve already lost millions to that two faced idiot and half the pack, no thanks to Last Winter’s War. Nightmare is re-thinking their ally status, Italy has started breathing down their necks. I want Wilson dead before Germany gets wind of anything!” Edwards was now shouting in the earpiece, causing Turner to hold the phone a few inches from his sensitive Wolf hearing. 
   “I already know all that, Master.” Turner was barely holding his tongue, being polite to his Alpha. He had no idea why Harris was so worshipful of that Alpha Bastard, Ballard and his Mate, Brandt. Just once, he’d like a chance at hurting them.
   “If you already know, then why are we chatting on the phone?” Edwards screamed into the phone before there was dead air. Turner knew his Alpha had crushed yet another burner cell phone. Hayes snickered in the bed while Turner plopped down on his, not so gracefully. Hayes passed the bottle across, not taking his eyes off the tv.
   Turner took a swig, shivering at the poor quality and handed it back.
   “Why are we always getting the shitty assignments?” Turner asked the room, in general.
   “Because we’re the best at clean up.” Hayes simply stated.
   ‘Simple Mind, Simple Needs’ Turner thought to himself. He’d heard it somewhere and now couldn’t remember. They’d failed the past six months to kill the little bastard and now he’s under the protection of Ballard and Pack. How did that little shit always get so lucky? As if reading his mind, Hayes spoke up.
   “It’s as if the little Wilson guy was born under some lucky star, eh, Turner?” Wilson belched and even Turner was starting to get grossed out by his Pack Mate. 
   “Those landlords are a waste of time. Maybe they need to turn up the heat a bit.” Turner gave an evil, wide grin and picked some meat from between his back teeth and swallowed again. 
   “I’ve gotta shower,” Hayes stated, huffing up from the bed, heavy from the meal of venison and blood, “I’m even grossing myself out.” He removed his fatigues, throwing them towards the door, shaking his body making bits of twigs, dirt and pebbles falling from his dense, light colored fur. Glancing back at Turner, who just shook his head, not bothering to close the door. After a few minutes, he heard the shower running.
********   
   Inside his large mansion that he named ‘Ballard House’, he met Brandt, his Mate, in the Den just as he was hanging up the phone, his hands threading through  his wiry brown hair in frustration.
   “Hello there!” He leaned up, kissing his Mate and Alpha. “Have a good drive?”
   His Alpha hugged him around the desk tighter and replied “Yes, we stopped for burgers, that boy can eat, let me tell you! He would do some of the pups proud. Turner and Hayes were following him and let me know they were outside the restaurant in the trees.  They’d just fed on something. Is everything alright here?.” 
   “Yah, some outlying property we had our eyes on for new rentals was taken in a higher bid. No matter, there are other foreclosures out there.” Brandt was rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands then running his fingers slowly through his thick blond-brown wiry hair, massaging his scalp.
   “I have full faith and confidence in you, Brandt.  Let’s go eat.” his Alpha Wolf could eat anytime and Joe’s huge muscular frame easily burned off calories.
  Joe, Brandt and the pack were busy with construction, landscaping, rental and other business with Ballard Corporation that kept them out of touch with Codi for the next week or so but one of the three had called him each day to ensure he was suffering no ill effects of the seizure.  Joe had put a pup on sentinel duty to watch over the Wolf Pack’s new friend, in case he wasn’t telling everything.
   That Friday Joe used his cell to send a text message to Brandt to join him in the Den to talk about something. Brandt was out on the farm with one of the Betas, Ransome, getting an overlook on some crops when his phone buzzed and the song ‘Like a Wolf” blared.  The Beta grinned and walked away, leaving his Senior Beta to his own devices.
   “What’s up? The fields are looking good, the black and chocolate tomatoes are ready, plus the chocolate hot peppers are almost ripe. We’ll have the jarred sauces and hot pepper flakes ready for market.” Their crops were well-known in the Seattle and surrounding areas with farmers markets and specialty shops selling the Black and Chocolate Sauces and Pepper flakes.
   “Good to know, Brandt, not worried in the slightest. You know you have my full confidence but great to know we’re close to market. There are a few new inquiries about the products. We’ll let the Beta out there take over meeting them, like last spring.” 
   “Sounds good,” he couldn’t figure out why his Alpha called, though. “So what did you want to talk to me about?” 
   I thought you’d like to come and play. I’ve been pretty lonely without my big furry wolf.  He knew Joe couldn’t say on the phone because the Beta and pups could hear even if they were trying not to eavesdrop. 
   “Be right there.” Brandt said as he was pushing the ‘end’ button and doing a fast walk towards the house.  
   When he arrived, Brandt already had the scent of sex
   “What’s up, Joe?” Brandt teased, hooking his thumbs through the front loops of his pants, “Do you need more scouting on a new business or checking up?”    Sipping some coffee from a to go thermos that Cook had for everyone, he gazed longingly at his Alpha at a wide smoky glass table that easily could have been used for another wall in the house. 
   “No we’re good for the time being, Brandt.” the other Wolf replied, very nonchalantly, drawing his muscular thighs wide apart, so his length and thickness could be seen imprinting through the khakis. “The beta’s have the sub businesses running smoothly, the pups are busy under them, so no worries.”
   “But something does worry you?” His mate smirked, rubbing his own length with his hand, his thumb pressing down on the end of his member. There was a wet spot showing how excited he was.
   Joe stood up and stretched, making popping and yipping noises, walking fast and eating up the space that stood in the way of his mate. He grinned and his Mate sniffed the air and grinned widely, expectantly. There was Male Musk in the den. The Wolf Den.
   They both tore off their Ballard Corporation shirts, stood very close together, rubbing their furry chests together, feeling their pecs move the other’s pecs, their abs and groins coming together as they embraced, gazed deeply in the other’s now black eyes with thick fur popping up through their pants. Joe growled in lust and Brandt followed. 
   “If we don’t stop, we’re going to start a fire.” Brandt playfully suggested, while rubbing his Mate through his pants. “And I think you’ve sprung a leak.” 
   “Let’s see if you can find a fix for it.” Joe huskily replied, bringing both down on soft rug on the bamboo flooring. 
   A few hours later, with both Wolves satiated, covered in each other’s stray hair, picked more out of their teeth and started wiping each other’s sweat off.
   “That was incredible.” Brandt gasped as if he had no more breath.
   “Always keeping you on your paws.” Joe replied, nibbling at his Mate’s fingers. “Are you ready for the rest of the day?” 
   “What do you have in mind? If you want more playtime, I suggest our suite upstairs.” Brandt wiggled his wiry, thick eyebrows and playfully growled.
   “Sounds...promising,” his Alpha sensually suggested, “But I was thinking of a small trip out.  Maybe drinks?” 
   Brandt arched one eyebrow, “Where are you thinking?” 
   “I’m thinking we have to check up on the High Heel.” Joe’s inner Alpha Wolf was showing all his teeth.   
********
   The High Heel was on the north end of Seattle, a rough and tumble gay Leather and Drag bar. The building was a huge former warehouse so each end had a bar, modeled after one they saw down in Texas decades before. That building held four different bars but they coexisted beautifully. But Friday and Saturday nights were combo nights, everyone warned to behave and play nice. It was only outsiders that usually caused madness and mayhem. Like Turner and Hayes. 
   “Listen up, Betas and Pups! We thought you’d like to head on out for a night of fun for a change.” Master Joe was speaking to the pack after work that Friday, a few weeks after the full moon. Each Wolf and pup shouldn’t be under the influence, but sometimes tempers or emotion caused a man to break out into his Wolf. He wasn’t expecting anything to happen.   
   At the suggestion, most of the pups were howling in delight at the thought of spending the evening wearing their leathers, chains and harnesses with all the buckles and straps. Some of the pups liked to stay home, not enjoying ‘the scene’. Master Joe never pressed or demanded anyone go outside their comfort zone, knowing what each pup needed and wanted. 
   When the Wolves and Pups were boarding the Company’s big cargo passenger van, Cole approached his Alpha. 
   “Is Codi joining us or meeting us there?” Cole asked his alpha, eyes wide with curiosity and hope.
   “Sorry, Cole, no. Codi is at a wine conference for a client down in Vancouver.” Master Joe replied, not wanting to see the disappointment written all over his Beta’s face. “But don’t worry, I’ve got someone tailing him. We don’t want to stress him with an obvious bodyguard.” 
   “Oh, that makes sense.” Cole answered with obvious sadness, still not aware that he was missing his mate.  “We’ve been talking every night after work. I know he’s busy with his Research and Writing business. I don’t understand how he doesn’t make much money, living like that, as busy as he is.” 
   Brandt put his arm around the Beta’s shoulder’s, like a big brother. 
   “Maybe he does a lot of pro-bono work, you know how big his heart is and how gentle he is.  Could be he just can’t say no to people.” Brandt suggested, giving a one-armed hug. 
   “Want to change your mind and join us, Cole?” Master Joe asked again, with Cole shaking his head no, again.
   “Thank you Master Joe, Brandt,” bowing his head to show submission and permission, “I think I just want to lay back tonight with some Ale and some of Cook’s good food.” He took a big breath.  “Tonight is a steak and potato night.” 
   After seeing Cole and the remaining pups back at the house, Master Joe, Brandt, the other Beta and pups, Don, Bill and Tom with stragglers, they were talking excitedly about the evening at the High Heel.
   On weekend nights there was a preliminary contest early in the evenings for the Drag Queens and later in the night was the Leather Masters or Daddies. While the pack loved the entertainment, Joe and Brandt was interested in scoping out why Edwards sent Turner and Hayes, because they had been arrested previously for causing trouble.
   Master Joe was wearing his Master Leathers, Brandt was similarly dressed and the pups were wearing either harnesses or collars. The High Heel had a huge red shoe on the marquee sign with a collar draped over the top.  The building was a standard wood structure with aluminum siding in dark colors, narrow and long. 
   “What’s new, BOLO?” Joe tipped his hat and surrendered a few hundred for the cover at the bouncer slash doorman, who gave back one of the C-Notes. He was called BOLO because he was on the lookout for troublemakers, using the police term, but his name was simply John Chogan Smith. Not as intimidating. Chogan was an Algonquin name meaning blackbird. His mother chose because he was born with coal back hair and black eyes like a blackbird. His father said it was because he was like a baby blackbird-all mouth and asshole. He was huge as Master Joe, a Native American with long black hair, in one long thick braid down his back, to make bouncing and throwing out trouble makers easier. 
   The doorman was wearing chaps with denims, a short sleeve T in black with a red high heel shoe and collar draping over the top logo. He had a dog collar holding his hair in the braid at the top with a leather skull holding the bottom. He grinned at his old friend and opened the door.
   “We’ll have to talk later, A.” He nodded again and put his scowling face back on for some young teenagers who were attempting slide in with the pups. 
   Joe left BOLO ‘discussing’ the reasons the teens weren’t allowed inside when the door finally shut on the last pup.  They were all looking around with eager faces, teasing around and yelling at people they knew. 
   “Ok, pups, go have fun and don’t cause too much mayhem.” Master Joe slapped several butts and tousled hair of others, so the meaning was clear ‘they belong to me’.” 
   Don, Bill and Tom, ‘The Terrific Trio’, as they were known at the High Heel, were wearing matching pup collars and tight leather pants that showed their religion. They yipped and pushed their way through the diverse crowd, leather men on one side and drag queens on the other with a good mix in the center of the warehouse, partying their hearts out. Don turned around for his Alpha’s nodding in permission one last time. 
   “What will you have, gentlemen?” A familiar voice intoned from behind the pockmarked and pitted bar. 
   “Zad, great to see you.” Master Joe made a big show to greet the bartender, Zadimus, another Vampire from Tessa’s Clan. He was a shorter, dark African American Warrior at five foot ten, he was easily overlooked by others but came in handy in Tessa’s Vampire Warrior Clan, Midnight’s Army unde Paine. He defended Tessa and Brandt in last Winter’s War between Ballard’s pack and Edwards’ pack for dominance. Tessa’s clan aided Ballard, which was no small contribution, while Edwards had a rival clan, Nightmare, eager to shut down Tessa’s hold on the Vampire community.
   “Glad to be seen, Brandt.” Zad nodded while scanning the room, passing two bottles of Tessa’s Ale to the two Wolves.
   “Any news?” Joe inquired while looking in the mercury mirror behind the bar with another red shoe and collar logo in the center. He spied Tom flexing his hula girl and grinned to himself. Some twink with spiked hair was licking the girl while another was tweaking his nipple. Joe smiled and shook his head. Don and Bill, while not officially Mated, did spend all their time together, at work, the house and going out. They were currently doing some sort of dance that was a cross between the Jitterbug and the Texas Two Step. It must have been in fashion, because the entire dance floor at the far end of the midpoint were following.
   “Turner and Hooch were here a few weeks ago, causing trouble. Had their asses handed to them on a red shoe.” Zad gave a barely there grin, which was rare for anyone to see. He was given bartender duty at the High Heel, knowing he would be popular, with his good looks, bad boy image due to the lightning bolts shaved into his hair. Indeed, his golden amber brown eyes could hold anyone’s gaze, using his paranormal hypnosis, extract information or suggest to people to do something.
   Brandt grinned smugly, “It’s Hayes,” enjoying the slight against the other Beta. Zad grinned back.
   “My mistake.” Saying and not looking the least bit contrite. He was winking at another Clan brother, who was drifting across the floor, ensuring nothing illegal was going on. 
   “After Turner and Hooch were here, Tessa suggested the owner and manager beef up their security.” 
   “What happened?” Joe asked and Brandt was leaning over the bar to hear over the gay bar standard ‘I Will Survive” and the floor was now doing the macarena to the standard. He didn’t understand ‘kids’ these days. 
   Zad nodded to someone behind Joe, who was well aware that BOLO was on a break, to join the conversation. BOLO wasn’t paranormal, just a good friend.  He wanted to stay ‘usual’ and get married, have kids so he could embarrass them with unusual names and send them to public schools like his parents did. Keeping the tradition, he said. 
   “Last time they were here, they had been bragging about harassing and terrorizing some little bookworm.” BOLO spat out, for he also didn’t agree with taking advantage of those who were smaller or weaker, like the Wolf Pack and Vampire Clan.
   “Uh, that would be Cole’s to-be Mate, Codi. He’s had a tough time with Turner and Hayes.” Brandt stated. 
   “In fact, they made an appearance last week when I took Codi home after filing a report at the Sheriff’s department. They’re stalking him for some reason.” Joe opened up to the small group with what the Alpha Edwards’ Betas were doing. Zad left for a moment to make a difficult drink that the other bartender couldn’t make. 
   “Yah, they came in full of piss and vinegar, late that night,” BOLO took a large gulp of his draft beer. Some of the drag queens pushed against BOLO, who just smiled and pretended to mess up their hair, causing them to squeal in fake terror.
   “BOLO, watch those big mitts of yours!” A dusky Latina warned, with a wink and pressing her hair back down in jest. Joe and Brandt watched, amused, sipping their Ales.
   “May I introduce, DeEmpire Rose and Miracle ODey, High Heel’s finest entertainment!” BOLO proudly suggested, “Ladies, I give you Joe and Brandt, Seattle’s most handsome gentlemen.” 
   “I’ve had the pleasure of knowing these two fine ladies for...”
   “About two weeks” Miracle quickly suggested, winking at Brandt, who winked back. He kissed her hand when proffered.
   “Pleasure is all mine, Miss. ODey.” He gave off a musky scent just for her. “It is ‘Miss’, isn’t it?” Joe smirked at the blushing Drag Queen.
   “Oh, you are smooth, Mister!” She grinned, showing all her teeth at once, her small canines, catlike, her purple lipstick like a miniature marquee showcasing them.
   “So I suppose I’m just standing here like yesterday’s news?” Miss Rose gave her best fake pout, over emphasizing her trout pout, making Joe laugh.
   “More like ‘What’s Hot’, Miss Rose.” Joe suggested in a husky voice that made her stand up straighter due to the ripples running up her spine.
   “And that is how you compliment a Lady, gentlemen.” She curtsied at Joe, who bowed back. 
   “Now that introductions are over, what’s new, boys?” Only Miss Rose could  get away with calling Joe and Brandt ‘boys’ and live.  She was the most popular Drag Queen in the Tristate and Province north of Washington State areas. Plus had made herself known in Last Winter’s War as a true warrior.
   Zad came back from making three more of the complicated drinks after others saw the finished result and nodded to Misses Rose and ODey. They were joined by another Leather Man, wearing a leather banana hammock and a leather golf cap, standing, at five eleven and covered with dense brown fur from his head to his ankles. 
   “Mr. Mister” Miss Rose curtsied again and he tipped his hat. His real name was unpronounceable, being a long Arab name. He usually had a string of twinks and boys following him and this night was no different.
   “Boys, I wish to talk to friends. Wait over by the pole.” Mr.Mister ordered the ten or so boys and twinks, who immediately stood by a reclaimed pier support, a wooden pole, with dried barnacles still attached for ambience. He ruled the Leather Men in the bar like Miss DeEmpire Rose ruled the Drag Queens, keeping the peace between the two groups who shared the large double bar. Their relationship was  well-kept secret, but all the Vampires in their Clan, Midnight Thieves,  knew. Tessa had called them her ‘big gay secret’. Together, along with, Zad, they kept their ears to the ground for unsettled persons and enemies.
   “Zad was telling me about those two jokers that were itching for a fight.” Mr. Mister said, accepting a dark brew that was dark as a black hole in space.  No light penetrated it’s core. 
   “Speaking of, you’ll never believe what just slinked in the door.” BOLO nodded slightly over the sweaty heads of dancers and through the strobe lights. Turner and Hayes, in black leather pants, jackets and snakeskin boots with matching cowboy hats appeared between the two huge wood piers posts that were reclaimed to support the ceiling. One brave slightly muscular, slender twink sidled up to Turner, being neither Vampire nor Wolf, appealed to the criminal. 
   Turner sneered one lip over at Brandt, bent down to lick the twink’s ear. 
   “Boy,” Began Mr. Mister, “If you know what’s good for you, you’ll move away from that bastard.” He spit for emphasis.  BOLO pumped his pecs and squeezed his biceps, in intimidation while Miss Rose quietly put a fan under one arm that she had been using so her makeup didn't melt under the spotlights.
   “You’ve made it plain and clear you weren’t interested, Grandpa.” The belligerent boy stuck his tongue out at Mr. Mister, and flipped off Miss Rose. By this time, the twink collective gasped that someone had the audacity to smartmouth the Leather Man and he raised a hand at them to quiet them down, which worked.
   “It’s not about wanting, little boy, it’s about keeping you safe.” Hayes walked over to the other side of the boy, put his hand on the lad’s shoulder and leaned over. Joe and Brandt tensed up, scenting anger and contempt from the two Edwards henchmen. They quietly set their ales on the bar behind them while Zad picked up a gun from under the bar. Joe knew the dark old gun held silver bullets for the two unwelcome wolves.
   Everything felt happening at once: Hayes, while still leaning over the smartmouth boy, extended his fangs and bit the boy in his shoulder.  While the boy was screaming and in agony, Turner dropped his arms from around his shoulders to his back and pushed him violently to the end of the warehouse, where the other bartender was watching from the back in shock. The boy crashed against a sculpture hanging on the wall behind the second bar, causing a splinter of chaos. He fell among shards of aluminum and chunks of concrete.
   Miss Rose and Miss ODey were blurs, streaks of color across the floor. Turner and Hayes meant to swerve to avoid them, but BOLO and Mr. Mister countered their turns by running around them to the door to capture them. Joe had leapt on top of Hayes in the meantime while Brandt rushed between Rose and ODey to tackle Tuner.
   Turner was blocked by Mr. at the door while Brandt grabbed him with a bear hug, sending both into one of the Pier support posts that shook the building.  The ensuing crash sounded like buffaloes charging heads across the plains. Miss Rose was dodging and weaving the bodies, grabbed her fan and shoved it between Turner’s ribs, just missing his heart and lungs and was pulled around by a quick thinking Zad before Turner could twist her head off. He Shoved the two off and burst out a window by the door.
   Hayes was blocked by Joe, who was partially turned into his Wolf, his thick brown fur glistened under the strobe lights, boys and queens were screaming at the back of the second bar. Paying them no mind, noticing they weren’t hurt, BOLO charged forward and tackled Hayes’ legs, breaking one with a satisfying crunch. 
   Miss ODey, taking advantage of the downed enemy Wolf, crouched low as she held her high heeled shoes in each hand like weapons.  She drew her arm up and amined the silver heel to Hayes’ heart, but he pulled a large, beefy arm from Joe’s grasp just as the spiked heel drove through his bicep to the other side, puncturing his chest. He snarled, barely restraining his Wolf, tried to bite both BOLO and Joe, ran out the window after his partner in crime.
   “Everyone alright?” Joe asked, taking his part as an Alpha, making sure everyone was still alive.
   “Dang, Master Joe, that was fast thinking!” Don looked, his hair and face full of sweat and panting.
   Behind him was Bill, hanging onto the back of Don’s collar. “I had to keep him from jumping into the fray, Master. I thought you and the rest had the two under control.” Bill was wiping his face and chest with some bar rag he found. 
   “Thank you pups, glad everyone is alright.” Joe beamed at them while giving the fighters a quick once over to ensure they were indeed alive and not harmed. Miss Rose was standing up at an odd angle, leaning on Mr. Mister. 
   “What happened, Rose?” Mr. asked, his face full of concern, while his arm had a long streak of red going down the forearm. 
   “I think that dirty dog broke my arm after I stabbed him with my fan.” She groaned while unsuccessfully trying to flex her fingers. 
   Brandt looked at Miss ODey, who was fuming at the broken window and trying to thank BOLO for something.
   “I appreciate the concern, Miss ODey, but i’m alright. What has you so upset?” The large permanently tanned man asked while wiping some blood off his chest.
   “That damn wolf has my shoe.” She stomped her hose clad legs in protest.
   “How did he get it, doll?” Miss Rose inquired, curious how her friend and semi-rival got caught in the fracas.
   Miss ODey batted her extended rhinestone covered lashes at the Magenta clad Queen staring at her. 
   “I left one in his arm, if you must know.  Those silver tips in the heel cost me a fortune!” She squealed in anger, Zad and BOLO raised an eyebrow each.
   “Well, Damn, Miss ODey!” Brandt offered, his eyes appreciating her acumen in fighting. “Glad you’re on our side.” She curtseyed in return.
   “Never piss off a drag queen.” Miss Rose replied, drolly. Everyone laughed and began cleaning up the mess.

CHAPTER THREE
   Back at Ballard House, Don, Bill and Tony were regaling the rest of the pups that hadn’t gone to the bar, with Cole listening. 
   “Yah, you should have seen Master Joe! He flew over everyone’s head to tackle that no good dirty wolf!” His voice full of awe and wonder at this Alpha.  The rest of the pups were eagerly nodding their heads and could visualize their Master doing such feats without question.
   “Pretty soon you’ll have me leaping tall buildings and outrunning silver bullets.” Master Joe joked with the pups, play roughhousing with Don and Bill, who were yipping around Master Joe’s attempts now to tickle them. He easily held them down with one muscular, furry arm, his biceps flexing as they squirmed under his tickling hand. 
   “Did those scoundrels really escape, Master?” Cole gazed with impotent fury with his coal black eyes. All he could think about was that Codi’s terrorizers were still out and unaccounted for. Brandt could hear his low growls and grunts of anger. His hands and feet were flexing, as if he were fighting Turner and Hayes in the now.
   Master Joe arose from the floor, freeing the two playful pups, who now had their eyes on Tony, in front of the fireplace of the Morning Room. He was watching the two trying to sneak up on Tony stealthily but the other pups were snickering and giggling. Soon there was a pup pile of masculine laughter and playful fighting. 
   “Yes, but they are hurting quite well.” Joe replied, with one hand on Cole’s flexing thigh.  He could feel his Beta’s fur bristling under some faded, threadbare jeans and see his abs tensing under a tight white tshirt. Black hair was bursting through the thin fabric across his chest and stomach  “Codi is still ok, Cole, our spy is keeping him under wraps at that conference.”
   Brandt came to the other side of the conflicted Beta and placed his arm around the younger man’s waist.
   “There’s no way Turner and Hooch would be able to be in two places at the same time, Cole.” Brandt’s smile twitched, seeing if he caught the slur.
   Cole’s lips turned up slightly at the ends and gave Brandt a sly look.  
   “Hooch?”  He started smiling for real now.
   “Zad’s contribution.” Master Joe smiled back.
   “Zad, he’s a fun guy, for a Vampire.” Cole mused, shaking his head. “Just what are they up to, anyway?” 
    “Starting a fight at the High Heel? Knowing they were under Vampire control and safety? Edwards is pushing for another war like the one Last Winter.” Brandt asked, knowing there was no real answer. There was a shadow touching their feet, causing all three to look up at Tony, with his head bowed, waiting to be recognized by his Alpha.
   “Hello Tony, hope you had a good time tonight.” Master Joe stated gently.  He was always gentle with the pups, knowing they were just looking to please their Alpha and Betas. He looked up with a great big smile, like he usually did, but his eyes were sparkling.
   “Yup, thanks, Master Joe, Brandt” he nodded at each one.  He was holding some sort of multicolored rock in one callused hand. 
   “What you got there, boy?” Master Joe inquired and Tony shuffled up a bit shy being in all three’s presence at once. 
   “It’s a wishing stone I found in the front corner of the High Heel.” Master Joe could practically feel Tony’s inner wolf grinning like he was pleased with himself and the wolf’s tail gleefully thumping in the back of Tony’s mind.
   “What’s a wishing stone, pup?” Brandt asked, leaning forward with his meaty arms resting on his knees now.  He’d never heard of one before. 
   “This is a wishing stone provided by fairies so others in their community can communicate with each other! Though it’s illegal for anyone outside a Fairy group to have one.” He leapt forward and placed it in Master Joe’s hand. Master Joe took the oddly colored stone, which had no weight at all, gave his pup a broad smile and with his other hand rubbed the pup’s head and cuffed the back of his neck so he was leaning forward so Master Joe could kiss his cheek. Tony grinned in pleasure, shyly kissed Master Joe’s cheek back, bussed Brandt’s furry wiry brown cheek as well, then took off to join the pups in front of the fireplace.
   “Why would Turner have a wishing stone?” Brandt asked, watching the pups play some sort of keepaway game that kept them occupied. 
   “They could have easily used a cell phone or walkie talkie or short wave radio.” Cole started to ask and looked off into space out the wall of windows. “That’s how they knew you were at the High Heel.”
   “What’s that, boy?” Master Joe asked, suddenly and with a harsh voice. Cole was still inside his own head.
   “And that’s why they were capable of following Codi and you the other day.” He came back to reality after Master Joe squeezed his knee softly and asked again.
   “Boy, this is important, why would you say that? What does the wishing stone have to do with this evening?” Master Joe was trying to keep his impatience in check.
   “Oh, sorry Master Joe,” Cole bent his head down to his Master’s chest, causing him to scruff the back of Cole’s neck, the trace his fingers around to Cole’s chin and raised his face to they were looking eye to eye.  Brandt kept his arm around the younger Beta’s waist for comfort.
   “Tis ok, pup, what is it?” 
   “I remember from some mythology or english class way back in school, that Fairies can enchant anything, for any purpose and some will for any price.” Cole replied, a bit of color in his face at revealing having taken such a class. “they’re really fond of jewels or silver.” He offered freely, “But they won’t normally work with either Vampires or Wolves.”
   “So that’s how Edwards cheated in the war,” Master Joe replied softly, in a sudden realization. “Do you think Codi could have been researching for Edwards then had his memory wiped because of it?” 
    Cole’s face lit up with a quick anger at the thought of his little man getting used by the dirty Edwards and getting terrorized by his henchmen, Turner and Hayes. ‘
   “It makes sense, Master Joe,” Cole squeezed out through his tight lips, “Codi’s seizures must be a side effect of the memory wipes and getting harassed by those two goons.” 
   Suddenly from the pup pile, there was an awful din then a loud howling as one of them broke away from the rest, ran to the glass wall as he was changing into a sleek gray wolf. 
   “What’s going on with that pup?” Brandt asked his Mate. “The full moon was weeks ago.” 
   “There was so much emotion tonight and stress, that there’s no wonder the younger ones are unable to control their wolves yet.” Master Joe responded quietly. “I can’t get a bead in his mind, either, he stated, rising from the couch in the Morning Room, heading over to the confused wolf.
   “Brandt, could you change and try to talk him down?” Master Joe asked, his requests usually taken as orders from his Pack, but he never took advantage of anyone under his authority or protection.  Brandt got up, quickly undressed and in a few seconds a brown, wire-haired wolf was confidently striding towards the confused gray wolf with his tail between his legs, not understanding where he was.
   “We were just playing around,” Don quietly and quickly told his Master Joe, “just reliving tonight’s happening at the High Heel.” Master Joe scruffed the pup’s head.
   “It’s ok, Don, No Bill, stay over there.  We don’t know how this wolf is going to react.” He gently pushed Don to the couch with the others, in front of the fireplace. Don pulled Bill with him as all the pups began whining in fear for their litter mate.
   Brandt had sidled up to the gray wolf who had big black eyes, looking around in fear.  If he felt they were enemies, he could very well start fighting, biting and ripping fur and flesh. Quickly and efficiently, Brandt’s wolf slid next the the grey wolf, laying down and pushing the other wolf down with him with his large wolfish jaws.  The gray wolf allowed himself to be pulled down and without any other wolf around to lead him, curled up into a ball into Brandt’s body for warmth and comfort. 
   “What happened, Master Joe?” Cole asked, creeping up behind him for protection. Even in wolf form, no one was a match for a confused, wild wolf who would fight to the death to save himself.
  Master Joe looked around at everyone, ensuring they were paying attention, for this was a good moment for a quick lesson. Brandt was watching carefully, slowly blinking at Joe, intimating love and affection while slowly grooming the relaxing gray wolf.
   “ “In times of high stress, war or emotion, a wolf’s change outside the three days each month, can be unreliable or unstable. We can never trust the moon.” 
********
   Sunday was spent relaxing around Ballard House and grounds, the pups sleeping in, or in some cases, nursing hangovers. A few enjoyed farming and gardening, having come from farms out in the vast space of America where they knew wolves, or werewolves as they humans called them, were tending the acreage under one of the Beta’s tutelage. 
   Tony came into the house through the Morning Room’s open glass wall, so Cook could get some fresh air. Sometimes thirty or forty twenty-something aged wolves didn't smell so fresh, but she wouldn’t have chased them off for anything. Tony was carrying a huge basket full of fresh vegetables from one of the greenhouses and the pup that turned the night before was following Tony with his head down, embarrassed. 
   “Hi Cook, look what we got here!” He announced proudly with carrots, parsnips, rutabagas, celery bursting over the top edge. “This lil pup has some fresh tomatoes from the mid-fields.” The pup nodded, carrying another bushel basket full of black and chocolate tomatoes.
   “Put em here on the counter, guys.” She pointed to a back counter near the double farm sized sinks.  “I’ll make some vegetable soup for everyone today. Good thing I made those dozens of loaves of sourdough and rye breads.” She turned her back to the two wolf pups as she gave orders to finish a Sunday Breakfast Buffet for the household.
   The front doorbell rang a majestic melody and since Cole had just stepped off the stairs from the second story right in front, he shouted to the Den “I’ll get it”.  Joe and Brant were discussing a new business they could add to the corporation. Cole was smoothing out a black turtleneck that matched his eyes and hair, then picking lint off the soft black jeans he was wearing. He heard Cook shouting above the din of the pups to Don.
   ‘NO, Don, not until everyone is here and ready. You’ll eat all the coffee cake before eggs and sausage! Bill, set those cinnamon apples in front...sweetie, would you go help...” whatever she asked one of the humans to help with was overridden by the melodic doorbell. Master Joe could be heard in the Den next door from the entrance hall.
   “You going to get that, pup?” Not knowing who was out in the hall, his senses taken up by his Mate, Brandt. Cole still smelled the coffee cake and wondered if Don absconded with one of the confectionary treats, chuckling to himself. He walked a few feet further to the door and grasped it open then gasped.
   “Codi!” He announced in a haze. Codi stood there in some gray denim looking slacks with an orange lightweight sweater, smiling and carrying a rather large mesh bag full of bottles of wine.
   Cole felt movement behind him but was sluggish to react and Brandt’s arm reached beside him, out to Codi, and grasped the big bag.
   “Glad you made the trip back to Seattle safely, Codi and glad you could make it.” Brandt shook the younger (relatively speaking, a decade or so younger than his human looking 50 years) man’s hand, bringing him inside the hall. Cole was busy looking his Mate over and crinkling his nose: the coffee cake aroma was driving him batty! 
   “What’s the occasion for your happy visit on this sunny Sunday?” Master Joe asked the smiling man, who was looking between the three extra large and muscular mountains of men. 
    “I just happened to be sitting beside someone who said he was one of the other Betas on the plane trip back, we got to talking and he insisted I stop by today.” He was grinning, glad to be around his new friends. Spotting the Beta walking down a hallway to the kitchen, he waved to the well dressed blond haired man who was attempting to creep to be unobtrusive.
   “Oh hey there!” Codi announced and waved.  Master Joe imperceptibly nodded and the Beta walked up and stood beside Cole. 
   “You’re looking well rested after last night’s flight.” The new Beta, Derric, answered, in greeting. Derric had been with the pack for over one hundred years, after another scouting event by Brandt in the Northern European countries. Derric had been abandoned by his parents after his harsh, strange birth and his provincial parents were selling him to travelers.  Brandt’s heart broke and bought the tiny blonde haired boy with tiny canines breaking through fresh pink gums. 
   “Yes, thank you, I fell right asleep. The landlords didn’t even hear me coming in, apparently having gone to bed hours before.” He nodded to Joe, Cole who were standing side by side now, Brandt was standing next to his adopted son, Derric.    
   “Derric gave me a ride home after the flight.  I was so grateful I didn’t have to take a bus or taxi back home.” He beamed at Derric, who grinned slyly at Cole. 
   “Ach, was my pleasure, little one.” Derric bowed deeply, making Codi blush and Cole sniffing Derric for deception. 
   “Yes, I’m so very glad you were there in Codi’s time of need.”Cole said a bit jealously but Codi didn’t pick up on it.  Master Joe did and reached his hand slightly and pinched his Beta’s arm to keep him in check. Cole jumped slightly and Derric smirked at his brother Beta. 
   “Smells like Cook has some Coffee Cake, Cole,” Derric smirked again, which caused Cole to frown in consternation. 
   “If I didn't know any better, it smells like she made about fifty pans of it.”  He smiled gleefully and turned to Codi, leaning conspiratorially “If it’s one thing I love, it’s over indulging in Coffee Cake!” He winked at the blushing Codi. At the same time, Master Joe and Brandt choked on some coffee. Apparently they were the only ones aware, along with some of the Vampires, that Codi was Cole’s Mate.  Why didn’t Codi scent the Coffee scent on Cole?  Maybe it was because Cook had already brewed a 120 cup coffee carafe with the spigot on the bottom. 
   “Since Derric invited me, I didn’t want to show up empty handed. So I brought five bottles of dessert wine to go with the breakfast buffet.” Codi blushed again, making his Coffee Cake scent stronger than ever.  Cole leaned over without realizing it and inhaled deeply, surreptitiously. Derric smirked again at Cole and looked at Codi.
   “Well, this will be enough for everyone that wants some to have with dessert.” He reached out his hand for Codi, who held the larger white blond wolf’s hand and allowed himself to be led to the Morning Room. Derric turned his head and grinned at Cole, his canines lengthening just below his lips, causing Cole to panic slightly. Master Joe started chuckling at the confused Beta’s expression. 
   Cole was jealous and had no idea why. 
   “Why don’t we join them, pup?” Master Joe nudged his now morose Beta and his Mate, Brandt into the wonderful aromas of breakfast. 
   There were about ten or so pups milling around the long kitchen island where cook was directing traffic and food. 
   “Take that pan of creamy scrambled eggs, Jen” She saw the look of a few pups with large anime-eyes, “Yes, I added dill, so get those begging eyes off me.” She joked with them easily while pointing the human to one of the two warming table steaming from the water underneath. She turned to the doorway, distracted.
   “Hello, come on in, all.” 
   Not all the pups and employees were in the large and roomy Breakfast Morning room, there were twenty or thirty pups and people, with about five more out in the fields and greenhouses and a handful more out in town on patrol. Cook was finishing some cheese sauce so those eating breakfast could drizzle some over their hashbrowns, eggs and sauteed mushrooms.
   Master Joe and Brandt sat at the head of the long, large table while Don, Bill and Tony saw Codi and drew him to their group at the other end of the long room, where there were five well-loved couches arranged around a fifteen foot fireplace made of cut river rock.  The pups were peppering him with questions about Vancouver near Portland where he was at the Wine Conference and what research his client was having him do. 
   Derric turned to Brandt and Master Joe, “I’m heading out to join the Vampire Paine. There was a rumor of some trouble at the docks around Edmond.” He waltzed over to Codi, brushing his lips across the man’s cheek, causing another round of blushing. 
   “See you around, little man.” He winked, nudging Cole as he walked with the grace of a wolf and out the front door. Cole couldn’t determine if he should be grateful or upset at Derric’s blatant flirtatiousness. But he did look out for the little man, that now Don and Tony were keeping him amused while Bill was trying to sneak over to the coffee cake. 
   A triangle rang out in the Morning Room and Cook’s booming voice was heard. 
   “Ok, COME AND GET IT!” 
   There was a small stampede with Codi firmly entrenched between Don and Tony, while Cole was still standing with Master Joe and Brandt. At the dessert table, they noticed the Dessert Wine sitting with four large Coffee Cakes. No wonder the the aroma was getting to him so badly. Upon a glare from Master Joe, Bill slunk back to where Don and Tony were.
   Cole had his ears turned towards the pups now that Codi was seated just a few seats away, with Master Joe suggesting the pups sit on his end of the table. Normally he let the pups sit at the opposite end near the fireplace but wanted Cole to feel closer to Codi now that he was in the house again. Maybe Codi would move in if he suggested renting one of the Apartments on the East Wing of the house, knowing Codi wouldn’t take charity. 
   A thought occurred to Master Joe about what Brandt had said earlier in the week: how was Codi so poor if his research and writing business kept him so busy all the time? Especially clients like the Wine Clients? He then remembered that Edwards was wiping his memory after researching for him. Maybe most of the other clients were allies of Edwards as well. He would talk to Tessa about that later. 
   Cook set Cole’s oversized blue soup mug of black coffee next to his left hand, shook her head and patted his large, swarthy, muscular shoulder. He was glowering at Bill, who was sneaking bacon off Codi’s plate while Don was giving him some sausage off his own. Tony was lightly tickling Codi’s side keeping him distracted from Bill. Codi caught on when another pup’s head was swinging side to side from Codi’s plate to Bills, then they all erupted in gales of laughter. Master Joe and Brandt smiled over at the pups, the latter unaware they were being watched. 
   The doorbell rang again and one of the human helpers, Jen, went out to answer. About thirty second later, she walked a bit fast back into the kitchen. Master Joe had his head cocked to one side, grinned and stood up.
   “What’s all this lazing about on a brisk Sunday, I ask you!” Tessa’s loud, booming voice announced her own entrance.  She stood in the large, arched doorway to the kitchen and Morning Room. Cook glanced up, squealed in delight and hurried over to the softly made up Vampire. Tessa was in a light orange cowl neck sweater that clashed beautifully with her red hair, matching Codi’s own sweater, some soft velour stirrup pants in cornflower and ballet flats in light spring flower print.
   “Oh my goodness, Tess! I’m so glad to see you! We’ve got an overflowing buffet, so help yourself.” Cook hugged her long time friend again and went back to the kitchen to oversee a helper stirring the cheese sauce gravy. Master Joe was smiling and the missing Beta’s chair was soon filled by the red haired Vampire leader. 
   “What do we owe this pleasure, Tess?” Master Joe inquired, fully knowing the answer. 
   “Paine’s friend, Derric, suggested I’d like to visit this morning, to check up on our little friend.” She winked at Cole who was now thoroughly confused more than ever. 
   “How did Paine know Codi was here?” Cole asked, trying to be friendly but his question came out as a low growl. Tessa laughed instead of getting offended. 
   “Paine had one of his security, Eoghan, trailing Codi with Derric, chere.” Tess whispered while the pups were talking loudly about the night before at the club. 
   Cole thought at first it was probably Zad, but knew of Eoghan’s diligence and he relaxed enough to enjoy a second refill of his coffee by the human Cook was training.  She smiled and stood by Cole a second longer than necessary while Master Joe nudged her with his mind to get back to the kitchen. Cole hadn’t noticed at all, making Brandt grin and shake his head again. The large, swarthy Wolf never knew when someone was interested in him.
   “We’re flattered you honor us with your presence, darlin.” Master Joe dripped with southern hospitality, making Tess grin widely again. “We heard about the trouble on the waterfront. Think it was Edwards’ boys again?” 
   Tess accepted a mug of coffee and the overflowing plate that Cook set in front of her.  
   “I don’t know whether to be flattered you think I can eat all this or offended, that you think I can eat all this!” Tess winked and gave her booming laugh, which put everyone at ease. Cook smiled genuinely and rushed back to the kitchen where one of the wolf pups were sneaking some cinnamon buns out of the oven. 
   Tess was enjoying the camaraderie of the pack, Joe and Brandt were telling her of last night’s events at the High Heel and the escape of Turner and Hayes. Cole was listening, not saying a word, rather, he was thinking dark thoughts of Codi getting hurt by being out of his reach. 
   “Miss Rose was over early this morning, giving us a run down with Mr.” She stopped to sip some of the rich, aromatic coffee that Cook refilled on her rounds. “Mr. seems to think they were there on a two-fold mission: reconnaissance and to deflect attention from the docks.” Brandt nodded in agreement while Master Joe was looking out the plate glass walls into the courtyard.
   “Is Miss Rose’s arm alright?” 
   “Oh certainly, Chere. As a Vampire, she heals fast but I can tell you, Mr. Mister was fit to be tied. I do wish he would start wearing pants. He caused quite a commotion in the clan last night.  I swear, he enjoys the attention.” She scowled. 
   “Probably just him being a Nature Troll.” Cole grinned, while Tess scowled again. 
   “Glad Miss Rose is better,” Master Joe supplied, “What was happening down at the docks?” 
   “That’s just it, we couldn’t smell them anywhere down there.” Tessa answered, full of confusion as well as Cook’s excellent Buffet. “But several witnesses told Paine of their actions after he hypnotized them. That’s why Paine asked Derric to go down. To see if he could scent Edwards’ boys.” Just then, Codi gave Tess a strange look.
   “Good Morning, Chere,” Tess replied cheerfully, raising her mug of coffee, which Codi answered with raising his own mug. “How was your trip”
   “Does everyone know I was in Vancouver  yesterday?” Codi joked with a bit of concern in his voice, thinking that Turner or Hayes could have followed him.
   “Not at all, Chere, just Derric, Cole’s friend who was also down at Vancouver and with you on the plane, told his friend Paine, who is my friend from the tavern, and my second hand man, who told me.” Noticing Codi’s discomfort, she sent some paranormal hypnosis his way to calm him down while Master Joe sent calming thoughts into Codi’s mind. “We’re a close group of friends, Chere, and we’ve considered you as one of our own.” She gave a beatific smile which helped calm the small man down.
********
   After the fight where Turner and Hayes fled with their proverbial tail between their legs, along with the silver tipped high heel wagging from deep in his bicep, burning from within, they straggled back to their hotel room. 
   “Careful pulling that damn fan out.” Turner hissed when Hayes bluntly tore the lightweight silver framed fan inches from his heart. “That fucking queen almost killed me.” He growled out, wishing he had the chance to pull her head off before that big Native American, or someone, he couldn’t remember in all honesty, swiftly pulled her aside.
   “Yah, I suppose this heel is nothing.” Hayes snipped back, gingerly tugging at the end, not wanting to touch the long silver heel accidently. 
   Turner, exasperated with the big Wolf, grunted in pain while leaning over and grasping the end of the heel with one hand and pulled it out in one thrust. 
   “Goddam, Turner” Hayes bit, “You could have nicked the vein.” He saw his skin trying to heal already. “We’re lucky if we’re not infected.”
   “You sound like a newborn puppy, Hayes,” Turner snickered, “Didn’t think you were all that raw.” He knew he was pushing his litter mate but they needed to get back on their game.
   “Edwards had a stupid plan, wanting us to make a surprise attack at the paranormal club last night.” 
   “Are you gonna be the one to tell him? Eh, Hayes? Cause i’m sure as hell not. We should have had back up. I guess we can’t depend on the Nightmare Clan anymore. Hell, they were supposed to have a few blood suckers there. We almost got our asses handed to us.” Turner was bitter, angry and hungry. The full moon wasn’t for another week.
   “Grumbling isn’t going to solve the problem, Turner. We need to regroup. We do know the end plan, but getting there is getting tougher. They found the Edmonds drop point.” Hayes.
   “I thought we didn't leave any clues or witnesses.”
   “Does that matter at this point?” Turner wasn’t the only Wolf rethinking the plan. “We may have been double crossed.”
   “No, he already double crossed us when he took the money and stocks. Those Vampires have eyes all over the city, but they can’t smell us now.” Turner was looking on the bright side and feeling a bit cocky.
   “How does some Thai sound?” He reached for the phone.
********
   Derric transformed back to human after running across the county to the docks where Paine had witnesses hypnotized.
   “Hi Paine” Derric shouted, with an arm high above his head.  He didn’t need to make his presence known, but understood an ally wanting the courtesy of a verbal greeting. Neither Vampire nor Wolf needed to announce their presence among other paranormal creatures. All creatures could scent another paranormal and humans as well as have speed and strength. Having more than human speed, strength and the ability to hypnotize humans could lead to mischief at the least and severe criminal behavior at the most or worst was also written in the treaty.  That no paranormal creature would use their abilities to harm innocents or humans, unless in times of self-preservation.
   “Hello Wolf Derric” Paine returned as a greeting, nodding his head. He never meant the greeting as a derogatory meaning, that was just his Warrior ways, going back centuries. Being allies with Wolves was a recent event, many thanks to Tessa, his Clan leader.  She had great foresight and stated the world was getting smaller so everyone could use a new friend or two.
   “What’s going on down here? Derric asked, looking at some dock workers in yellow and grey nylon vests. The parking lot was acres and acres of nothing right now, the busy period having been over for awhile.
   “I’ve been questioning these two workers,” he glanced at the two men, “they were just getting off the night shift and saw some creatures jumping over and around the buildings and cranes. Isn’t that right, guys?” He stated to the two men, who nodded and agreed.  “Ok, I thank you for your help.  Go on home and forget we ever met.” The two men nodded, walked about fifty feet and came out of the trance. They said goodbyes, leaving in their separate trucks.
   “I’m unable to scent anything here, that’s why I asked you to come down. I know you are one of the best trackers in your pack.” Paine didn’t give compliments easily and to a Wolf was almost unheard of. 
   “Thank you for your compliments, Paine, that means quite a lot to me.” He nodded in acquiescence. They jumped vertically twentyfive feet up on the roof, being careful not to be seen in the deserted area. The swiftly ran along the roof lines, both scenting and scanning. They both stopped at the fourth building along the waterfront.
   “Here’s something,” Derric knelt down, picking up an old, stained orange and black knit cap. 
   “There’s no tag or marking.” Derric stated, turning the knit cap around then inside out. He lifted the cap to his face with a grimace, waiting to be assaulted with many foul odors. “Nothing.”
   Paine’s face held a quizzical image. “Nothing at all?”
   “Nothing, Paine, this cap scents as if it were brand new from a store. But look, there are sweat stains where the forehead meets in front, stains at the back of the neck. But no human, Vampire or Wolf scent. At all.”
   “That is odd. I cannot think of any paranormal creatures that leave no scent. Can you?”
   “There are some water creatures that are difficult to scent but they always leave something back, like a type of mud scent or salt or fresh water. This is blank.” Derric was confused. “And those two witnesses saw something? Not that I’m doubting your ability, Paine.”
   “No offense taken, Wolf. They were clear there were people or creatures jumping from roof to roof then plunked down on the ground near the water. They were sure the people were up to no good.” Paine looked from the knit cap to the water and back.
   “We’ll look around the area for a few miles to be sure there isn’t something we’re missing, then report back to our leaders.” 
   Paine nodded in agreement and the two took off down the shore.
********
   After the huge Sunday breakfast buffet, the pack and Codi separated.  Tessa, Master Joe and Brandt went to the Den to discuss business matters, the pups were left to their own devices and Cole took Codi to see the grounds surrounding Ballard House. There weren’t as many employees or pups around because weekends were everyone’s days off. However, there were the diehard gardening pups that loved playing in the dirt.
   Cole was was untypically shy around Codi, who was also shy, so they walked the path out of the Morning Room to the small courtyard, Cook having given them both coffee to go with Ballard House to go mugs. Codi was looking at a fallen angel statue in between some money trees, Cole stood beside him, looking sideways out his eyes at the smaller man. 
   “You like the statue?” He asked the man beside him. He wanted to put his arm around Codi’s slender shoulders to draw him near, sniff his scent and his Wolf wanted to lick his neck up to his ears and the Wolf would have wanted to drown Codi with as much spit he was providing. 
   Codi blinked up at the brilliant blue sky and put Cole’s body in front so he wouldn’t have to blink up at him. Smiling, he nodded.
   “Yah, the money trees are a good use of plants to show how far even Angels can fall.” 
   “Master Joe had them placed just for that reason, to remind us not to be greedy.” 
   “This is a lovely courtyard, hidden from prying eyes.” He teased the taller, swarthy man. He could scent some male musk and tried to keep his hands on his big coffee go mug.
   “That’s quite a smile on your face.” Cole grinned, pushing his bicep against the other’s shoulder. Codi shoved back, realizing he wouldn’t’ve been able to move the taller man for anything.  He was built like a tank! 
   “Just remembering how we met a few weeks ago. Cook makes amazing coffee, the aroma is about to do me in.” He sipped a bit and looked out at the greenhouses and the fields beyond those. They were each scenting the other’s paranormal coffee scent, unbeknownst to them. 
   “Why are the fields stacked like that?” Codi asked, seeing what looked like tables overflowing with plants and more plants underneath.
   “One of the other supervisors is an organic farmer, farming being in his blood for generations.  He came to Master Joe looking for work.” And for a home, pack and understanding, Cole thought, but couldn’t say that outloud to Codi just yet. He had become very fond of Codi and wanted him to like the grounds too. Not just the house.  “We can go talk to him, if you want. He can describe it better than me.”
   “Sure, thanks!” Codi replied with enthusiasm. On the way, they walked under what looked like trellises made of rain gutters but had strawberries planted in them on top, then another set along the sides with tomatoes growing down, creating a natural shaded walkway.  “This is gorgeous! I bet you get tons of yields out of this design.”
   “We sure do, this is more of the gardener’s idea, we get natural shade going to and from the greenhouses and out to the fields. Though the plants aren’t very good at keeping rain off you.” He laughed a deep, booming laugh that made Codi’s stomach quiver for some reason.
   “No, I’m sure it doesn’t.” He smiled up at the bigger man. He couldn’t help stealing a look at Cole’s huge biceps and thought they must be over twenty inches thick and those pecs looked like cantaloupes being smuggled. Codi could even see thick, black chest hair poking through the short sleeved shirt and bursting over the small v-neck. Codi tried to be sly about wiping the drool on his sleeve as he took another sip of coffee. 
   “Here’s the greenhouses, where we keep a variety of standard vegetables all year round and some hothouse flowers for the house.” Cole took Codi through the one that was on the outside edge next to the trail to the gardens.  The trail was hard compacted earth, with old cedar shavings and marigolds dotting the edges.  GIving a kind of reverse yellow brick road.
   They walked through, with Cole describing what he knew and they exited the back door and saw a large gardening shed between the greenhouse and one the start of the fields. Inside was the Wolf Gardener, the last Beta, Derric’s Mate, Ransome. Ransome was six foot and a bit, dark black skin and a genial face that belied his own warrior nature. He looked up from mixing two different dirts together, glancing quickly from Cole to Codi and didn’t even try suppressing a great big smile.
   “Hello, I’m Ransome, the head gardener here at Ballard House. You must be the infamous Codi Wilson I keep hearing about.” He nodded, and intimated he couldn’t shake hands due to the mess he was involved in.
   Codi laughed with glee and gave Cole his own tummy quivers. “Yes, that’s me, I suppose. Derric invited me over. Imagine his being on the same flight as I was yesterday!” 
   Ransome gave Cole a sly look. “Yes, imagine what a coincidence THAT was. I’m glad to meet you, Codi.” Earning a glare from Cole, unnoticed by Codi, who was gazing around the shed.  “Do you want a tour of the gardens?  This can wait, the mix has to accept the growing fluid now.” He washed his hands in some orange scented liquid soap, dried his  hands and grasped Codi’s arm with his huge paw-like hands, leading the smaller man out to the tables and plants.  Cole was glaring and heard Ransome giving a deep, masculine chuckle. 
   “What are these tables doing out here?” Codi asked, leaning into Ransome’s dark arms. Cole slid silently next to Codi and put his arm around his shoulders, puffing his chest out at Ransome, who gave a shit-eating grin at Cole and released Codi’s arm. He walked over to the nearest table.
   “These are dual purpose planting tables. I place sun-loving plants on top, inside this inset table, they are about a foot deep so the roots can grow, giving the plants the ability to stretch high and wide. This gives them the ability to give the most fruit for our buck. Then we plant shade loving plants underneath so the yield is higher as well.” 
   “Pretty smart, Ransome.” Codi looked duly impressed at the acres and acres of tables. 
   “We employ hundreds of people during picking season, there are so many garden lovers who don’t have time to do their own gardening. So they put in some hours here and given an amount to shop in the Garden Store in one of the greenhouses. It’s win-win for everyone.” He stopped to look out at the garden with a sense of satisfaction. 
   “We’d better get going, thanks for the tour, Ransome.” Cole tried sounding appreciative but the words came out a growl instead as Ransome began hugging Codi goodbye.
   “Great finally meeting you, Codi, you’re welcome to play in my dirt anytime.” He winked after giving the small man a big bear hug that ended up with Codi’s face directly in the center of his pecs. Ransome gazed up at Cole with mischievous eyes and kissed the top of Codi’s head. Codi was slightly awestruck and was weaving as he walked away. 
   “Thanks, Ransome!” Codi vaguely waved and wore a huge grin on his face. 
   “That was uncalled for, Ransome. He’s with ME!” Cole bared his teeth at the other beta in a grimace, making the other Wolf grin a bit creepily. 
   “Hey, if you don’t want him, Derric and I would share, willingly.” There was no way they would, of course, being mated for life. He was just pushing all of Cole’s buttons, to get him to realize he had met his Mate in Codi. Cole snarled and whipped around, closing the few yards Codi had on him in just a few steps. Codi was looking at the tomatoes hanging down from the rain gutters on each side. He looked up at Cole with adoration, giving Cole shivers of his own. 
   “What are these tomatoes?” Codi was looking at alternating plants of semi black and semi brown tomatoes with big luscious red ones every other two plants.
   “The black ones are Cherokees, the brown ones are Chocolate Tomatoes and the red ones are heirlooms. We sell some when Cook can’t use, freeze or can them.” Cole put his arms around Codi’s shoulders in a tentative hug. Codi boldly hugged Cole back around his abdomen, where he could reach.  They smiled broadly at each other. 
   “You know, I kind of like you.” Cole whispered, afraid he had scared the other man off.
   He needn’t worry, because Codi hugged the swarthy man harder. “I kind of like you too, Cole.” Cole bent down to Codi’s face, their lips brushing, feeling the electricity between them, both jumped as if someone had taken a cattle prod to them. Smiling, they held hands walking back to the house under the shaded walkway.
********
   Tessa, Joe and Brandt entered the Wolf Den, aptly named, carrying their mugs of coffee, courtesy of Cook. They sat on the huge couches and Joe stirred up a fire in the stone facade fireplace and joined them on the couch. 
   “What a strange coincidence, boys.” Tessa boomed at the two friends, enjoying her coffee.  Being a Vampire she didn’t really need to eat or  drink but she just enjoyed the sensation, even after several millennia. Plus, she just couldn’t say no to her good friend, Cook, even if the latter was human.
   “No kidding, Tess, Codi finding Cole right after the War.” Brandt agreed, looking at the flame haired Woman, relaxing. Her long legs stretched out in front of her, next to Brandt’s, whose legs were spread wide, her’s crossed in between his. They grinned at each other.
   “Do I need to be worried about you two?” Joe grinned at the two, after turning around from the fire. He sat in his favorite chair next to the fire. 
   “Only if you’re worried.” Tess quipped and cheered her mug at Brandt, who gave a cheshire cat grin back after cheering her back with his own mug.
   “Well, I know where to find you both, then.” They all laughed good naturedly.
   “Any news from Italy, Tess?” Joe inquired of her friend. The Vampire Council had been interested in their treaty and agreed to the unusual deal between the two groups.
   “They’ve approved our treaty officially, same is the German Council.” 
   “Germany was reluctant at first, but seeing that Joe Ballard was involved, they gave us our heads to deal with you and the other groups as we saw fit.” 
   “The other groups being Edwards Pack and Danae’s Nightmare Clan. Plus all the Rogues around to boot.” She kicked up her foot in pantomime of kicking someone.
   “So far so good. What helps is that we’re both a few millennia old and are stable leaders.” Joe explained the obvious.
   “With that out of the way, how’s business, Tess? Anything we can help with?” Brandt asked their longtime friend.
   “We’re doing pretty well, all my holdings are steady, a few of the Clan have started their own businesses.  Orenda’s pizza place is booming, but I do apologize about the name.” Tessa laughed and cringed a bit.
   “No worries, Tess,” Joe joined in the laughter, “The pups love her and are giving Wolfsbane a lot of their paychecks.”  Orenda was one of Tessa’s Midnight Clan members and wanted to branch out from the two bars, the Tavern and High Heel. Everyone loved Orenda’s quirky sense of humor.
   “I have noticed European Markets fluctuating lately. What have your numbers been? Tess inquired, “The overall holdings are ok, just a few stocks are bouncing.”
   “We’ve been informed by Mr. White that one of our smaller businesses around France and Germany is losing money but doesn’t think anything will come of it.” Brandt explained. His job was to oversee the different businesses and properties around the world for Ballard Corporation for Joe. Joe oversaw the entire business and pack and left smaller details for his mate and business partner, Brandt.
   “Ok, great to check in with everyone.” Tess nodded, just then a knock at the door interrupted them.
   “Come in.” Joe intoned. They all could scent Derric and Paine, who entered not looking any worse for the wear over their investigations.
   “Well, boys, any luck?” Tess asked both men.
   “Derric confirmed what we already knew,” Paine praised his fellow investigator.
   “There was activity and we did find evidence but no scenting whatsoever.” Derric tossed the knit cap at Master Joe, who sniffed and passed it to the other two, who also sniffed.
   “Nothing.” Tessa raised the cap and one red eyebrow. 
   “Yes, nothing at all on the cap. As you can see, there are sweat stains but no scent.” Paine explained the obvious with great care.
   “It could have been washed with unscented soaps,” Brandt suggested but none of the paranormal group could quite believe absolutely no scents were left behind.
   “That is one possibility,” Tess slowly agreed, “We have to keep an open mind afterall. What about any other news?”
   Derric nodded at Paine, who continued. 
   “Down the shore from the ferry docks we found evidence of a massive operation.” 
   “What do you mean?” Brandt asked, setting down his empty coffee mug. Just then a human from the kitchen entered with a huge carafe of coffee for the newcomers and refills for the others. Paine got two mugs of coffee, one for himself and one for Derric.
   “The shore was torn up, deep with tire tracks and boot prints.” Paine started. “But again, as with the cap,” he nodded at the object, “no scents were there. Just the tracks marring the surface.” 
   “But that doesn’t make sense.” Tessa wondered out loud. “You boys did good, I thank you both.” She was quick to praise their efforts even though there were no solid leads.” 
   “Could just be some newcomers or some night snorkelers. You know how those plastic and nylon body suits mask scents from us.” Joe offered as another, alternative explanation.
   “That is true, Wolf,” Paine smiled a bit, “we never even thought of that.”
   “But that doesn’t explain the cap on the roof nor what the witnesses saw.”
   “What did the witnesses say, exactly, Paine?” Tessa quizzed her second in command.
   “That they saw creatures jumping along the roofline.” 
   “Think anything would come of it?” Brandt inquired, following along.
   “Nothing so far, all we can do now is keep our spies and eyes open.”  Paine stated, looking at the group.
   “Nothing we can do now.” Joe looed around, standing, “How about we all get a workout in? The gym is empty, the pups are either sleeping, in the gardens or in town at a concert.” 
   The group agreed and spent the next few hours at the Ballard House gym, working off the huge breakfast and tension.
    

CHAPTER FOUR
   “Are you staying for dinner, Codi? You’re more than welcome.” Master Joe was asking, after noticing the change in both men later that day. Cole looked as if he wanted to eat the smaller man as an appetizer. 
   “Thank you, Master Joe, I appreciate the offer, but I’ve got to get started on writing the research I learned on the weekend’s Wine Conference. If I could use your phone to call a taxi, I’d appreciate it.”  Immediately Cole started to offer to take Codi home, but Master Joe knew Cole couldn’t keep his Wolf under control with his newfound interest and being around the shady landlords that Codi had said were giving him trouble.
   “That’s ok, Cole, I’ll take Codi home while you help Cook lift those huge roasts for Sunday dinner.  If we leave it up to her, Don and Bill would help and steal them.” Meaning, take them behind the barns and eat them raw. The group laughed, with Codi not aware of the hidden meaning but knowing the two younger men, he could see them taking off with the roasts, having seen their appetites.
   Cole allowed himself to be pushed off onto Cook, who laughed and put him right to work lifting cartons of food for her. Codi let himself be led outside to Master Joe’s huge dualie double cab truck while Brandt stayed behind doing whatever it was he did by himself at the house.
   The drive was quiet, Master Joe was thinking of his earlier conversation with Tessa. What was unnerving for him was how Edwards’ Wolves and allies were able to keep their scent hidden from both Wolves and Vampires. Neither Paine nor Derric could scent Turner or Hayes at the waterfront.  What were they doing there, anyway? That area had the ferries that took cars and passengers over to Bremerton. There was a more wild wolf pack that, unfortunately, had teamed up with Edwards in Last Winter’s War but had significant casualties and deaths.  That pack hadn’t been as cohesive as Edwards and that was saying something. They still lived wild in Kitsap County, living in abandoned homes or in the woods, spilling westward near the pacific coast. Master Joe was always called to help tame and temper those Wolves and he hated getting involved in other pack’s trouble. 
   Noticing Codi was nodding off, he rolled down his window.
   “The cab is a bit stuffy, you don’t mind?” Master Joe asked, grinning. 
   “Not at all, I was falling asleep.  I’ve got too much work to do. Oh and Cook didn’t have to provide me with so many leftovers and food.” Codi laughed, looking at the back seat full of bags and boxes. 
   They arrived at the dilapidated house and single car garage, Codi sighed almost imperceptibly but Master Joe’s Alpha noticed and was immediately on guard.    
   Codi got out of the cab, climbing down the steps and was walking to the single car garage’s outside staircase and paused. Off to the side of the house, there was a slam heard, Codi tensed up immediately and fast raised his arms in protection and a few seconds later Codi was hit in the head with a volleyball, causing his head to ricochet off the side of the building and slump to the ground. Raising the hackles of Joe’s inner Alpha Wolf who was smelling sour whiskey and rotten fruit, he burst out the cab, around the front and stood in front of Codi. He heard a large body slamming against the side of the house next to the garage, bouncing off a rusted single cab 1980s truck with faded blue paint and primer on the hood. There was a dark, shimmering pool underneath the engine. The man looked like his truck: disheveled hair, untucked button down shirt, old dirty jeans with holes in the knees and tennis shoes without laces and the tongue hanging out. 
   “GOD DAMN LITTLE FAGGOT!” The offensive man slurred, in both words and meaning. “I TOLD YOU IN THE LEASE NO FUCKING TRICKS FUCKING IN MY HOME!” 
   Codi shrank against the garage wall, trying to make himself even smaller against the drunk man’s rage. Joe’s Alpha Wolf’s hackles raised at the anger and tension in the air. Joe snarled, whipped around and grabbed the alcoholic’s neck, raising him off the ground.
   “I think you owe Codi an apology.” Joe spat out, his voice a low growl, placing himself between the offensive man and Codi, who was now curled in a ball on the ground. 
   “You’re crazy if you think i’m gonna apologize to that fuckin little faggot.” He spat in Joe’s chest, “you’re probably his big bruising butt buddy.  You can take him and go to hell, where y’all belong!”
   Just then the screen door opened with a scream of rust and a slam of a thousand doors. A matching woman to the offensive, sour man, rushed to the edge of the house, with an old off brand beer in one hand an unfiltered cigarette dangling in her mouth and the other hand in a fist.
   “Tell that goddam little faggot to get out of our home and we’re not refundin his rent or his deposits!” She screamed. Apparently Codi had to put up with this for a long time.  Joe didn't think these two lowlife, classless jokers were worth jail time, so he threw the landlord onto his wife, who screeched again. It would have been an amusing time watching them drunkenly try to get off of each other and storm over to them to stomp them into dust, but at the moment all he wanted to do was get Codi’s things and get him to a safe home.  His Home. 
   He ignored the two worthless humans, his Wolf’s paws itching to rent them limb from limb but carefully and gently put Codi back in the cab, locked and shut the door then headed up the stairs to the small apartment. Kicking in the door, Joe’s heart broke for the gentle little man. What was apparent, he tried making the almost-condemned apartment into a home.   
   The main room held a small living room to the left with a window overlooking the truck, a second hand couch sat on top of a braided rug, along the far wall of a 10x12 foot living room, across from the couch and next to the door was a small coffee table and a ten inch tv. To the right of the door and across from the living room was a kitchenette on the wall, with a three burner stove and an oven that couldn’t hold more than a bread pan, a half-fridge next to it and four cupboards over the top across the wall. He saw a three leg table of green formica against the last wall that shattered his heart for Codi. 
   Joe tore through the cupboards, which were mostly bare, save a few canned goods, there was a beat up frying pan and a small saucepan in one cupboard.  In another was service for two and wondered if Codi ever got to host anyone.  Probably not, cursing the lives of the two soiled humans outside, still trying to stand up, drunkenly. Having enough of the kitchen, he stormed into the bedroom and saw a single spring mattress on the floor with a threadbare quilt over top, a single pillow and a bare lamp on the floor. 
   Opening the closet, he saw a medium suitcase and a large matching duffel made of a thick, midnight blue fabric that had been sewn by a professional shoesmith to repair the ends and reinforce the handles. He started shoving clothes off hangers into the suitcase.  There were several small boxes stacked, in place of a dresser--he just poured the clothes and belongings into the suitcase and duffle. 
   Disgusted with the landlords, Joe started snapping pictures with his phone’s camera, then leaving down the stairs with the duffle across one broad shoulder and the suitcase under the other arm, he turned around and started snapping more pictures, careful to get the address in one of them. He put the small belongings in the pickup bed, grabbed some lawn bags, went back upstairs, threw all the food in the bag, looked once over the apartment to ensure no pictures or things were left, he placed the food in the second cab.
   By this time the two homeowners had raised themselves to a standing position albeit woozy and off balance, stared angrily at Joe, who snarled to the man, “You’ll hear from my lawyer.” 
********
   Later that evening, Cole tore into the home after decided to head off to town and finishing the landscaping at the small court in front of the Women’s Auxiliary, his head raised, sniffing the air. A few minutes after, Bill and Don had been harassing Cook then had joined Cole and now were ambling into the large fifteen bedroom home, wandered after Cole into the library slash den, where Joe was sitting with a scotch in his large hand.  His tumblers were hand blown by a Master Glasssmith to accommodate his overly large hands. 
   “Boys, there’s food in the main kitchen, tell cook hello.  Cole, help yourself to a drink.” Joe replied calmly, as the pups, Bill and Don whooped it up and ran to the kitchen, not realizing Cole’s tension. 
   Cole, in turn knew he needed to turn his stress down a notch or two, because his Alpha was giving permission to have a drink. Cole carefully couched his anger, still smelling Codi’s scent of coffee cake, now a little off like earlier, a smell of fear. He waited patiently, as was his position in the pack. Sitting down across from Master Joe, he sipped the richly scented Scotch and waited. After a few minutes, Master Joe cleared his throat.
   “I’ve moved Codi into the house, in one of the East guest wing apartments. His prior living arrangement wasn’t up to my standards.” Master Joe simply stated, his word being law, Cole knew better than to pepper his Alpha with questions. “I’ve had Doc come over and look at him. Codi is resting with some anti-anxiety sedative shots and will be up and around tomorrow. I would request no one bother him, Cole, just for tonight.”
   Cole was shocked at this turn of events. So far, Master Joe hadn’t outright banned questions, so he took another sip and faltered out a question.
   “Is he alright?” Cole didn’t have the nerve to look directly at his Alpha.
   Master Joe got up from his favorite chair and sat next to Cole on the wide leather couch, which was tailor made for the house and the wolves and pups, because they were all overly large and muscular men. Normal furniture simply couldn’t handle their bulk and weight. Cole felt his Alpha’s arm around his shoulders, helping him relax to whatever news he had to hear.
   “Codi was living in a stressful environment that was causing him ill health. In addition, his landlords were bullying him with physical and verbal anti-gay assaults.” Master Joe had to physically hold his Beta to his side, because Cole would have turned into his Wolf side, raced to Codi’s former home by scent and tore the landlords limb from limb, as he himself wanted to do earlier.
   “Now Cole, that wouldn’t do Codi any good.” He intentionally sipped the aged Scotch and intimated Cole should do the same.
   Waiting until Cole did and calmed down a bit more, Joe continued. “Doc says Codi had a nervous breakdown at some point in the past few weeks. With Edwards’ boys tailing him, his overbearing landlords and his awful living conditions, it was no wonder he collapsed today.” Joe made sure his pup was looking at him before continuing.
   “I’m so proud of you for coming to his rescue, Cole.  Codi recognized what a good protector you are.” Cole sat up straighter and with some confidence at the praise. “You were right to protect him. But you realize you would not have held yourself in if you had been the one to take him home today? Killing people does not solve problems. As you know from last Winter’s War. Even Tessa and her clan would tell you.” 
   Cole looked bereft at the news Codi had to live with, even for a day. “Is Codi alright? What do you mean, Turner and Hayes were tailing him? Are they stalking Codi? ” He asked again, as if he didn't hear a thing his Alpha said. 
   Cole’s head hung to his chest, making his Alpha hurt for his pup. 
   “Codi is safe as can be, tucked into his room, which is locked and I’ve placed a guard, looking out.” Seeing Cole’s disbelieving face, he added. “It’s Brandt. No one is getting to Codi, alright, Cole? Plus the other two Betas are on the same wing, down the hall.” Cole nodded, tears falling from his face as he buried himself into his Alpha’s embrace. 
   Brandt Ballard was Master Joe’s husband, usually away on business for the Ballard Company, with many holdings that Joe couldn’t oversee himself. So Cole knew that Codi could not be in better hands than the Alpha’s own husband. And the Pack’s Alpha was the Alpha of the entire Pacific Northwest, when another pack had a disagreement, they would seek out Master Joe to adjudicate the disagreement.  All parties would have to agree with the outcome.  That was part of the basis for last Winter’s war with Edwards’ Pack committing war, causing a rift between the paranormal creature communities. Edwards had a rival Vampire Clan as his allies just as Joe had Tessa and her Clan. Plus, some other creatures that chose a side.
   After Cole calmed down enough, Master Joe led the pup to the dining hall, a separate room from the Morning room, where most of the pack were eating dinner. The room was large enough to accommodate a fifty person table, with about ten wolves and pups seated at the far end, where the cook and his helpers set out a wide variety of foods on the extended buffet table. Cole could smell roast chickens, mashed root vegetables like parsnips, rutabagas even the ubiquitous mashed potatoes. The other sides where whatever was in season in the grounds gardens and greenhouses.  
   The dining room had amber walls on two sides with thick smoky glass on the other two and dark hardwood floors with ceiling joists adding to the masculinity of the room.  The table was a hard oak, made from recycled planks taken from an old mill that was falling down, each plank sanded and re-stained, then made into the gorgeous table. There was a courtyard outside the dining room with Japanese Maples and Yellow Forsythia bushes over chat rock. 
   Each pup was grateful that Master Joe accepted them into the pack, not just for the house and food, but for being able to be part of a family pack, what every wolf and pup eagerly wanted.
   There was usually a cacophony of voices, yips and general teasing, which did Master Joe’s heart swell at pride.  His pack was well-disciplined but playful, no hidden agendas or stress, which made the household easier to run. When they saw him enter with Cole, they quieted down to a dull roar, which made cook look up in confusion.
   Master Joe raised his meaty paw like hand in greeting to the room at large, and the wolves and pups, along with the human helpers, went back to their usual playfulness. Master Joe and Cole got their plates of food and joined the rest of the pack for dinner. Cole was prickly throughout dinner, snapping wolfishly at anyone, over nothing in particular. Master Joe knew that his Beta pup need a good night’s sleep. 
   After dinner, he brought Cole back into the Den and he quietly spoke into a phone and the Doc entered the Den.
********
   The next morning at seven am, Brandt could hear movement inside the small apartment that was on the East Wing of Ballard House. If he didn't have his wolf hearing, he wouldn’t have known anyone was inside.  The tiny guy was silent-no doubt due to the landlords that made his life a living hell.  Brandt had the same compulsion as his Alpha and Mate: always protect those smaller, weaker than you and the innocent. Sure, Codi wouldn’t see himself as small or weak, but a person could only take so much, and a human, at that. He admired Codi for putting up with as much as he did. 
   He soon smelled some coffee brewing and heard the shower running.  The East Wing Guest rooms had a small kitchen, which meant Codi found the four-cup coffee pot. Joe had placed all the groceries he had bought for Codi in the cupboards and refrigerator. Joe had told Brandt about the squalid living conditions and his ire raised just as Joe’s and Cole’s had. 
    The door opened slightly, Brandt  could see a dark blue eye peeking out, half of a red beard and the corner of a tentative smile. Codi was wearing simple generic brown tennis shoes, dark blue jeans and a long sleeve brown t-shirt.
   “Hello there, Codi, It’s Brandt, Joe’s husband and co-owner of Ballard Corporation.” He knelt down so he could be eye to eye with the man. Brandt noticed that Codi was switching his gaze from his eyes to his lips. He never noticed before. Did anyone else notice?  Maybe Codi had a lip fetish and smiled that Cole and Codi would play and enjoy such simple pleasures. Both deserved love and attention.
   “Hello, Brandt, sorry you had to watch over me last night.  But I’m glad you were there.” Codi opened the door fully extending his hand to shake a greeting. Brandt reached out and grasped the small hand in his huge paw-like hands, gently shaking with a smile. Brandt was huge, like his Mate, over six foot five and three hundred pounds of muscle and brown, springly hair all over his visible body looking like fur. Only another huge wolf would take Alpha Joe as a Mate. 
   “Think nothing of it, Codi. We’re all glad you’re in safe hands now, so try not to worry about anything.” Brandt gave Codi his best friendly smile, looking like a huge wire-haired terrier and Codi smiled back. 
   “What’re your plans for today?” he asked as they were walking side by side down the hall to the stairs. Brandt was also wondering what security should be in place for the man. Joe had told his Mate of Cole’s interest and the scents of coffee and coffee cake he could smell on the shorter man. They both felt if Cole was interested in the little man, he was now officially part of the Ballard Pack and necessary precautions would have to be taken.
   Codi had been looking at the artwork placed in niches along the walls. Some were ancient mesopotamian, many originals that Joe kept from his human life, had stopped in front of the stairs and gave Brandt a serious look that another person may have missed, just a fraction of a second. Codi was over-thinking such a simple question, in Brandt’s opinion.  Maybe the little guy was just as serious as Cole. But, having a Wolf’s enhanced hearing, he could hear Codi’s heart was beating fast.  He leaned slightly over and inhaled. There wasn’t a smell of fear, so why was his heart beating so fast? 
   “Yes, it is a beautiful day.  I’d like to walk over the grounds around the house again, if that is ok? Maybe go into town for some things?” Codi was watching Brant’s eyes and lips very carefully. Just then Brandt realized: Codi was guessing at what he had asked. He was nearly deaf. How had he and everyone missed that?
   “That would be fine, Codi,” Brandt smiled back.  He would have to report to Joe and Joe would have to decide when and if to tell Cole. This was Codi’s secret and wasn’t going to gossip behind the poor man’s back. But he did have to retrofit the apartment for the hearing impaired. “The pups will be glad to have someone to show off for in the gardens.” 
   They were walking across the wide entrance hall downstairs towards the main kitchen for breakfast. Brandt could hear the wolves and pups in the Morning Room, which was basically another living area with a fireplace just off the kitchen. Cook loved having everyone nearby while she made dishes, oversaw the stoves and helpers. The cook had always wanted a big family herself, but discovered she couldn’t have children decades before, so Master Joe offered a position and warned her there were many pups that were always hungry.  She just smiled big at him, her bright silver-gray, tightly curled hair bouncing and an equally bright smile that only a woman satisfied with life could muster. 
   As soon as Brandt and Codi entered the Morning Room, Bill and Don eagerly ran for Codi, both talking at once.  Brandt met Joe’s eyes and both had love and lust but had to attend to Company and Home business first. Joe was a little concerned of the over-exuberance of the two playful and harmless pups and how Codi would react. Brandt felt Codi’s amusement and shook his head at Joe with a smile playing across his face. He decided Codi was in good  hands. 
   Brandt sat down next to Joe, waiting to talk after cook placed a huge platter of waffles, scrambled eggs and a mountain of sausage before him. Joe had a similar platter that he was working on. Bill and Don, each grabbed a hand and led Codi to the buffet with a large plate, talking the entire time. Brandt knew Codi wouldn’t have understood a thing, but was shyly nodding at Bill, then Don with a great big smile, when they looked at him with such expectant eyes.  
   They may have been huge men with 25 inch biceps and fifty inch muscular chests, but they still had that need for love and acceptance that every pup had. Plus they were very loyal to someone they accepted whole heartedly into the pack. They didn’t care that Codi wasn’t a wolf or a pup, he was Cole’s intended Mate, even if he didn’t know that yet. They recognized the coffee scent that matched Coles, because each Wolf and his Mate had at least one matching scent, plus all Wolves could smell a person’s scent and sometimes, intent.
   Bill carried the plate and some coffee while Don practically carried Codi with an arm around his waist, almost as an afterthought. They plucked him down at the end of breakfast table where they sat, due their order in the wolf pack and started talking around him to all the other pups at that end of the table. The Beta Wolves were seated closer to Master Joe and Brandt at the head of the table. 
   “Where’s Cole? I thought he’d be at the bottom of the stairs.” Brandt asked, taking a look around the Beta’s and seeing an empty place.
   “He was too emotional when I told him about Codi’s landlords and how he stayed in the fetal position until Doc gave him the sedatives.” Joe didn’t look all that great himself, with bags under his eyes. “He’s still asleep and should wake soon.  Doc had to give him a horse tranq.” Since Wolves had a higher metabolism than humans, the Wolfpack Doctor, known as just “Doc”, developed a high yield sedative tranquilizer, that would put a horse to sleep, which kept them under for twelve hours. Codi had been given a normal human dose, which kept him out for twelve hours as well.
   “Just as well,” Brandt started another waffle with a sausage patty on top, drizzling maple syrup, “did you know Codi is nearly deaf?” He looked up into his Mate’s eyes and cocked an eyebrow.  Down the table they could see Codi laughing with the pups, who tended to shout their conversations. Right now, another pup named Tom, was showing off his racy tattoo of a hula girl on his bicep and Bill was decorating her with some ketchup. 
   Master Joe softly laughed at their antics, glad they were keeping Codi occupied and happy. He turned to his Mate. 
   “He didn’t talk much and when he did, he was looking right at us. Or course, Tessa’s was quiet at that time of day and we were leaning over, practically in his face.” Joe took a sip of coffee.  “Think we should say anything?” He valued his Mate’s opinions and usually asked his advice in all matters.
   “I’d suggest playing it by ear, maybe ask Doc to subtly look into it when he comes back today.” Joe nodded his assent to Brandt’s suggestion, thinking it a good one. 
   “He’s asked to look around the property and go into town for stuff.  He’s curious what he got himself involved in.” Brandt explained with a laugh, “that, indeed, the Wolfpack could be more than one could handle, at first.” He stole a look at the table of Wolves and pups, with a smile.  “I noticed his scent is Coffee.” Brandt admitted, with another big grin. “You think Cole realizes what it means?”
   “Nope.” Joe replied with an equal grin.  “That pup, even though a Beta, is way too serious. Didn’t even notice the coffee cake scent. Of course, Tessa caught the scents right away.” Joe laughed loudly, causing the other betas and pups to look up for a second, for they loved seeing their Alpha happy.  If they were in Wolf mode, their tails would be wagging. 
   “He came out of his ‘business only’ mode when Codi literally ran right into his chest when Turner and Hayes were chasing him through the alleyway..” He bit another sausage and egg forkful. “I don’t buy they were just in our county looking for trouble.  Edwards doesn’t take chances unless there is a big payout.” 
   “What do you think Codi has to do with it?” 
   Just then they heard a clattering at the buffet table and noticed a disheveled Cole with the platter in his hand, blatantly sniffing the air for his Mate and glaring at Tom, who was encouraging Codi to feel the hula girl and Don was tickling him each time he reached out, making all the pups at the end of the table laugh uproariously with Codi joining in.
   Cole met Master Joe’s eyes, who was laughing with mirth at his Beta’s reaction and how he looked.  His hair was sticking up in all directions and if possible, so was his chest hair and the hair on his arms. Even Cole’s beard looked out of sorts. His sweatshirt was on inside out and his sweats were on backwards. Brandt gave a sly smile to Joe, who returned the grin and waited for Cole to take his place with the now overflowing platter at the table, one seat over from Master Joe, beside Brandt on the side. 
   “Need some coffee, Cole?” Cook was swiftly at the table even before the dark haired,  swarthy Beta Wolf with the olive complexion sat down with Cole’s oversized ‘soup mug’ of black dark coffee, that he was always teased about. She grinned and patted the uncommunicative wolf on one furry shoulder and walked away. There were four Beta Wolves, each with a responsibility and pups to oversee the various jobs with Ballard Construction, under the Corporation’s umbrella organization, along with trusted humans, the first two being Brandt and Cole. The remaining two Betas, Derric and his Mate, Ransome, on the other side of the table, each laughed and threw a yeast biscuit roll at Cole, who just smiled, catching each with one hand, not looking up from his platter. 
   Carefully watching his Beta, Master Joe concluded he could be Codi’s support and escort next week. He and Brandt had business and other matters to attend to, including seeing the lawyer to sue the landlords for assault and negligence. Foreclosing on the two would be an extreme pleasure. The Ballard Corporation could always use another rental property. 
********
   “You lost it?” The tiny blue fairy screeched at the two large furry wolves. “You actually carried it and lost it. In front of Vampires, Wolves and who knows what else!” She was flying around, leaving red and blue misty streaks in her wake, she was so angry. Below her was a teddy bear with some sort of entrails half in and half out as stuffing. She followed the gaze of the two Wolves to the toy.
   “One of the Forest Trolls and a Brownie are trying to lead some boy scouts away and ordered it.” She didn’t offer any more information and they didn’t ask. Even the Paranormal World had their dark undercurrents. Her tiny little face was filled with fury and carefully controlled herself enough to sit on a large black toadstool and faced them.  
   “So, tell me how the two big bad idiot Wolves lost the Talking Stone?” Her blue legs were crossed and her arms were dancing dangerously in front of Turner’s nose. They shifted back to human.
   “Well there was this fight...” Hayes began. She interrupted him fiercely.
   ‘OF course there was, doggy!” She flitted around Hayes’ head as a blur. He crouched down a bit in fear. “That’s all you two know what to do! ‘If in doubt, fight’! Best not use the gray matter inside those bowling balls you call skulls!” She kicked Turner’s nose and sat down on the toadstool again.
   “You realize how much trouble I’ll be in if that is turned into the Fairy Council? They could forward that to the Paranormal Council, you bumbling fleabags!  I’d be made human!” She screeched and Hayes wished he were being tortured by Edwards like last Winter after they failed to win the War. Edwards was beside himself with anger. Even Danae had backed off and she was badass.
   Turner rubbed his nose and Hayes was wondering if his brains were mush now. Fairies could be bitter little bitches, if they felt they were wronged. And this Blue Bitch had been wronged, no doubt about that. Even Turner and Hayes knew that. 
   “We just wanted to tell you, in case you were questioned about it.” Turner stated evenly.
   “Well, I could just feign ignorance, that I had a spare and it was stolen. No matter HOW it was found!” She screeched again. “God, you’ two are as dumb as you look!” She was pulling her blue and silver hair out from her head, so it was sticking up in all directions. 
   “You’re not getting your money back and I’m not giving you a new one.” She glared at them, making their skin crawl. “If you leave now,” she heaved, “I won’t kill you.”
   Turner and Hayes sped off, quickly turning to their wolf forms.

CHAPTER FIVE
   After properly bathing and changing clothes, Cole waited for Doc to finish examining Codi. When his pacing got too much for the Alpha and his Mate, they sent him to help Cook wash dishes and clean up after the morning rush. Even though Cook had plenty of pups and human helpers, Cole was put to work taking out trash and helping mop. The second Codi entered the downstairs, Cole could smell Coffee Cake and rushed through mopping, earning a grin from Cook and a few pups.  He was the only one that had no idea he had found his Mate.  Cole only knew and understood he was this man’s protector and the shorter man had sought him out of the three at the worksite.
   Cole entered the wide entryway, where he saw his Alpha, Master Joe with Brandt and Doc.  Codi was standing adorably upset with his arms crossed over his chest with a wide stance. He wasn’t intimidating in the least and Master Joe was grinning behind him.  Codi was almost a full foot shorter than Master Joe and Brandt. He heard Doc’s exasperated voice.
   “Yes, Codi, you need hearing aids and all you needed was a peaceful, full night’s sleep. Plus a few months worth wouldn’t hurt, either.” Doc turned around, seeing Cole, went on. “Good Morning Cole, I hope you slept well.” He gave Cole a cat-that-ate-the-canary grin, waved off Joe and Brandt, leaving the four to discuss whatever they felt necessary.
   Cole gave the group an odd look and cocked his head to the side, resembling a puppy who couldn’t understand a new command. Looking at Codi with another protective gaze then bowed his head at Master Joe and Brandt.
   “Good Morning again, Cole,” Master Joe gave the once over to a more put together Beta.  His hair washed and brushed, his beard combed and he wore a standard outfit for work, tan work boots, tan khakis  that looked a bit thick to Codi and a light brown, short sleeved button down shirt with “Cole” embroidered on the left breast pocket, below “Ballard Construction” embroidered in blue and gold. 
   “Good Morning Master Joe, Brandt” Cole nodded at each in turn, bowing his head to show his respect. Then looked at Codi.
   “You’re deaf? Is that why Edwards’ guys were after you? How did everyone miss you’re hearing loss?” Cole’s wolf side was all puffed up, ready to pounce and destroy the two, even if they weren’t there.
   “I’m not totally deaf,” Codi shifted from side to side then stood again in defiance, “I have some hearing. I’m really good at lip reading and guessing what people are saying. Context is everything.”  His lips were a thin white line and Joe could scent anger and embarrassment. 
   Master Joe looked at him with interest, “Codi, 35% is not great hearing.” 
   “You have me and I have excellent hearing for the both of us. Plus I’m strong for us both too.” Cole puffed up again with pride.
   “I may be shorter than everyone else and may not have big powerful arms and a huge muscular chest like all of you, but I’m stout and have a strong back.” Master Joe and Brandt could tell he was feeling uncomfortable with all the more muscular Wolves in the house, Codi Continued. “And I admit I may be nearly deaf but I have an excellent sense of smell.” He lifted his chin in defiance again to the other three, making Master Joe and Brandt hide their wide grins, watching Cole, who was not sure of what to do. 
   “No doubt you can lift heavy loads, Codi,” Master Joe admitted, “I watched you carrying that heavy bag of groceries. But you still need to get the hearing aids.” Putting up his hands to stop whatever Codi was going to say, “I can cover the cost out of petty cash.  We’re kind of fond of you and want to help you.” He looked at Brandt and was wondering the same thing about the second half of what Codi said.
   “What do you mean, you have an excellent sense of smell?” Brandt voiced what the other two were wondering themselves.
   “When one sense is taken away, another kicks up.  When I started losing my hearing, my sense of smell picked up.” Codi explained as if it were the thousandth time he explained. Which it probably was. “Oddly, I can smell scents on people that are aren’t there.”
   “What do you mean?” Cole asked, pretending to study some Monet artwork along the wall and then casually facing the shorter man, with interest.
   “For example, when I was in the seizure, I remember you smelling like midnight, something else and coffee.” Codi blushed a bit at the memory of his face on the bigger man’s furry chest and his biceps rippling underneath his hands. He had some awareness during a seizure but not much. Joe and Brandt didn't move or say a word, curious about Codi’s ability.
   “What do you smell on us, Codi?” Brandt asked, curiosity getting the better of him.
   “You both smell like Aged Scotch” Codi smiled at the two larger, muscular and furry men. “But Brandt has another scent like burnished copper and Master Joe smells like cedar shavings.” He had accurately stated what each man’s Wolf Scent was. Brandt and Joe were perplexed. 
   “What does Midnight smell like?” Cole asked, full of smiles and wonder.
   Codi stopped to think and ponder, his forehead crinkled in deep thought.  After a few minutes, he answered “Like cold ozone, like right before a hard rainfall. One of my favorite scents.” He blushed again, making Joe wink at Brandt at Cole’s furious blushing. 
   “What’s the something else you said?” Cole cocked his head to one side again, looking at the shorter man through half-closed eyes.
   Codi leaned forward so his chin was resting on Cole’s huge pecs, feeling the black fur-like hair underneath the shirt.  He intentionally inhaled deeply. 
   “ The last scent on you is male musk,” slyly grinning and rubbing his face over his future Mate’s entire chest, not realizing he was marking him for himself, much to the amusement of the Two bigger Wolves, who were silent throughout the entire exchange. 
   “Oh.” Was all Cole said, rearranging his khakis and trying to widen his collar. For want of a way to redirect the attention of his Alpha and Beta, reached for the prescription that Doc handed Master Joe. “This is an unusual spelling of Codi, with the i at the end.” 
   “My parents said its Scottish, I always hated it, thinking it was too feminine, but after Mom said that one of my ancestors was a General in some Scandinavian Army, I should be proud of it.  So after that, I began thinking of him.” Codi was still a bit embarrassed, after meeting so many tall, butch and masculine men at the house, feeling a little bit inadequate.
   “That’s a fine name, Codi,” Master Joe stated, putting a warm hand on his shoulder.  Codi looked at Master Joe, warring with himself over something. He had apparently decided.
   “Why does everyone call you Master? And why do you and Brandt refer to everyone else as pups? Even Cole calls you Master and the others as pups, like Bill and Don. I don’t think you all are into anything kinky, like BDSM and you’re very protective of everyone.” Codi asked with a little bit of fear in his voice, unsure if his new friends would be upset and kick him out of the home, not having anywhere else to go.
   Joe and Brandt kneeled down on one knee, looking Codi in the face, each putting a meaty hand on one shoulder, giving him gentle smiles. Cole was scared for his unknown Mate, wishing he could take any correction that Master Joe would mete out. 
   “They call me Master Joe out of respect, Codi. I’m the Alpha of the house and I offer my name and protection to those I invite in my home. They are the pups because the are at the bottom rung of the household, that I call a Pack. Does that make sense?” He asked the now calm man, who had stopped shaking. 
   “Oh, like a pack of dogs?” Codi asked in all innocence, not knowing that was an insult to a Wolfpack, but the two bigger men knew he meant no offense to the question. Edwards and his pack, on the other hand, would have meant to insult.
   Brandt gave a full belly laugh and with his free hand, rubbed Codi’s head playfully. “We like to think more in terms of a Wolf Pack.” They gave just enough information to satisfy his curiosity but not enough to scare him out of the house and protection of the pack. Cole was visibly relieved, standing behind Codi with his presence known.
   “Alright, Brandt and I have business to attend to today, so we thought you could take today off and take Codi around for his errands.  The hearing specialist is expecting you both in,” Master Joe looked at his big swiss watch, “twenty minutes. Afterwards, head on over to Tessa’s before finishing errands and we’ll meet you two for lunch.” Master Joe’s word was law and always well-thought out. 
   On the way to the north end of Seattle from the property, Cole was driving one of the company wide-cab trucks. Cole needed the wide seat due to his wide, muscular back and chest. He looked over at Codi who resembled a middle school child in the large bucket seat, but didn't look uncomfortable. The hearing test and fitting took a few hours but the hearing aids, the latest in technology, wouldn’t be ready until the next day. Master Joe had put a rush order on it.  Even humans knew to expedite orders from the large, dominating man. 
   “Where to next, little guy?” Cole asked playfully while rubbing the shorter man’s short blond hair. He loved seeing Codi’s face scrunched up in a playful scowl up at him. They were an hour early finishing with the Hearing Specialist.
   “Let’s go see Izel. I’ve got to drop off thank you cards to the Ladies Auxiliary and her. Plus, the house could use some flowers in the Morning Room. I’d like to contribute something.” Codi replied, blushing a bit, which made his coffee cake aroma more appealing to the large wolf. 
   “Did you just...growl?” Codi asked, looking up at Cole, who was masking his desire . 
   “Maybe.” Cole answered with a lopsided grin and growled while giving him fake finger claws and chasing him around the corner of the Ladies Auxiliary building. Codi was jogging and laughing, which was the best sound in the world to Cole, helping him forget everything for an afternoon. Codi’s man giggles stopped suddenly around the corner from Cole. Cole’s inner wolf immediately wanted to come out and fight for Codi. He burst around the corner to find Hayes manhandling his little man.
   “Hope all that giggling was for me and the boys back at Edwards’ camp.” Hayes was drawling his accent while drawing his fingers up Codi’s jawline from his chin then down his carotid artery. Cole’s wolf growled, not playfully this time, while jumping the six feet in one leap to Hayes. Cole swiftly drew his muscular arm and all Codi saw was muscle and fur flying ending with Haye’s yelping down the other alley he was chased up from. Cole immediately became calm, turning to Codi who was justin blinking, wondering what had just happened.
   “You alright, Codi?” He leaned down so he was eye to eye. “What did that dirty mutt want?” 
   “Yes, I’m fine, Cole, thank you.” He gave a thankful smile that reached his eyes. Codi reached up to pet the fur between Cole’s pecs that were puffed up ready to beat Hayes and he was tense, ready to fight. “Hayes said the oddest thing, that not only were Edwards’ boys missing me, my past was as well.” 
   Cole stopped and looked after the empty alleyway. “Your past? What did that mean.” Cole was apprehensive. He looked down again. “I know you have lived a full life before me and the pack,” Cole looked down with...what was that look, Codi wondered. “You can tell me or Joe anything. Even Brandt, Codi.”
   Cole’s eyes were big and forgiving, full of trust to Codi. Was there love there, too?  
   “Thank you, again, Cole.  You, Joe and everyone make me feel so loved and welcome at the house. I feel so protected everywhere, like I have a full family just watching out for me. Unlike my Ex.” Cole could smell love coming off of Codi and he  couldn’t  have been happier. He was confused and alert at the mention of an Ex. He wondered all sorts of things.
   The Ladies Auxiliary was closed so Codi put the thank you card in the door’s slot and the two looked at the little bench, paving and landscaping that Cole, Bill and Don had been working on before. 
   “This is beautiful, Cole.” Codi was looking at the breathtaking small park setting. 
   “Glad you like it, Codi. We worked hard to get that parking lot out, the dirt ready for plants.” 
   A new voice, that sounded as old as the mountain just over the horizon, like an old, withered tree on the side facing the wind. 
   “You like those flowers?” Some older woman’s voice crackled and laughed. “Those came from my shop.” The same voice said with pride.
   “Hello Izel.” Cole said with some reverence.
   “Hello, boy.” Her voice, filled with sunshine and smiles. Izel looked to be one hundred, but as sturdy as the mountain itself. She had weathered but clear skin, bright blue-green eyes and an energy that felt alive, like an electrical crackling just before a storm. Codi liked her immediately.
   “Hello Codi, I’ve got just the bunch of flowers you’ve been wanting for that Morning Room. Cook came and got them this morning.” Izel was crackling a laugh and cracking a smile that became her beautifully. “Here, I took a picture with one of those smartass phones Bill talked me into getting.”
   “Smartphone, Izel” Cole corrected half-heartedly. Izel threw him a big grin and winked. Codi took the phone and carefully looked at the picture. The bouquet had exactly the flowers he had in mind for Cook’s room. Wildflowers, ferns and grasses.  Masculine but not overwhelming. 
   “How on earth did you know I wanted this for the house? And the exact arrangement, combination of flowers, grasses and so on?” Codi was duly thunderstruck with awe.
   “Can’t be giving all my secrets away, now, can I?” She grinned, rubbed his head the same way Cole did earlier and followed some customers inside her store, not looking back. 
   “Don’t ask me.” Coe replied to the struck look on Codi’s face. Smiling, he shook his head and steered Codi down the alleyway that Hayes had flown. Codi was no longer scared, mostly because of the tall, muscular protector beside him. 
   “Do you mind if we go to that discount store down a bit? There’s some things I need to replace.”
  “Not at all, little buddy. I can look at garden tools.” Cole smiled, thinking of bulk garden gloves for his landscaping crew and Ransome’s gardening employees. They arrived at the “Red and Black discount store”, aptly named, if not very creative. Everything was tagged and listed  on red and black back to back triangles making a square tag  with the world discount on the top red triangle and store on the bottom black one. 
   “Ok, you go do your thing and if you need me, i’ll be over in that section” Cole pointed to the back right hand side of the store where all the gardening and outdoor stuff was.  Codi gave a smile, waved off and wandered to the arts and craft side. 
   Codi grabbed a hand basket and started grabbing some organizing cubes and slots. He wasn’t paying attention to his surroundings when someone bumped into him on purpose.
   “I’ve missed you Codi.” Some deep voice whispered in his ear, loud enough for him to hear but not anyone nearby. He whipped around, gasped in fear, expecting to see Turner or Hayes or even Edwards. 
   No one was there. About four seconds later, Cole was standing in front of him, snarling and growling at everyone else in the isle. Codi looked up with a look of concern on his masculine face. Cole was looking around at everyone as if they were personal threats to Codi.
   “Who was it, Codi? Someone frightened you.” Cole had one hand on Codi’s free arm, ready to steal him away at a moment’s notice.  “Was it Turner? Hayes?” He demanded harshly, with purpose.
   Codi had calmed down now that his big guy was near however his heart was still beating fast. 
   “I’m alright Cole, neither Turner nor Hayes was here. I did ... or I thought I recognized the voice.” He turned his gaze up to Cole with a speculative, unbelieving face.  “That voice sounded like my ex-boyfriend....that died a year ago.” 
   Cole didn't give away any look, but wondered what was going on with Codi. 
   “Alright, if you’re done, let’s go over and get my stuff and we’ll check out.” Cole didn’t let go of Codi’s arm the entire time during check out or walking back to Tessa’s, putting Codi on the inside of the sidewalk, between the buildings and the road. 
   So it was about noon when they were at Tessa’s Tavern for lunch, the place busier than the day before. Joe was at the same table as the day before, the wide booth. Brandt was inside, next to Joe, so Codi slid inside around next to Brandt and Cole took the outside seat. Tessa herself came over to the quartet with water and menus.
   “Good Afternoon, gentlemen” she smiled genially, placing the menus in front of each man. “Codi, you’re looking much better than you were described yesterday. I trust the men,” she swept an elegant lace sleeved sleeve of her bespoke blouse up to her deep red hair that she wore in some sort of updo that went wild at the ends, “kept good care of you.”
   Codi was giving Tessa an odd, faraway look and Cole was afraid he was having another seizure.  Cole gave Tessa an apologetic gaze that she swept away. It was no seizure, she realized; Codi was trying to remember something.
   “Terrible Tess...” Codi said, as if speaking from one hundred years afar.
   “Codi!” Cole began speaking with horror afraid his Mate had offended the Pack’s very good Vampire friend. Both Joe and Tessa waved off the statement again and looked at Codi.
   “What was that, chere? I didn’t quite catch that.” Tessa reached for the smaller man’s hand across the table but couldn’t quite reach without making a scene. Right then a tall, lithe blond man wearing a pirate’s eyepatch, appeared next to her, as if by magic. Joe reached over Brandt and placed his hand over Codi’s forearm, taking Tessa’s hand. Codi’s eyes were glazed over as if in a trance.
   “Terrible Tess, from the 19th century stagecoach robbers era, rumored to be descended from the famous buccaneer Jacquotte Delahaye from the 17th century, whose death is a mystery and whose body was never found. Their common ancestor was rumored to be Boadicea from the first century, whose death was also a mystery and body was never found” He replied by rote, not really in a conversing sort of way, but just speaking. Then as if he had spoken too much, his eyes shut and he slumped forward. 
   Tess turned to the blond next to her while Cole was bereft that something new was happening to Codi. “What do you think, Paine?” 
   At once, Joe looked at Cole, “He’s alright, just over taxed. Give him a few minutes. Help him drink some water.”
   “Tess, that was pretty close.” Paine, The blond Vampire, suggested in a worried tone. Then turning to Master Joe, he bowed his head and continued. His power was searching someone’s brain for information.
   “His memory has been wiped by someone who was sloppy. And about Tess, for some reason.” He pointedly stated before getting dismissed by Tessa. Half the room was also Vampires and had overheard the entire conversation and were looking at Codi with suspicion. She glared around the room, showing no harm will come to the Clan’s friends and by proxy, their new friend, who had just come to himself again.
   “I’m so sorry, sometimes a face or fact will trigger a memory.” He helped himself to more water that Paine brought over in a pitcher, refilling everyone’s water glass. “My memory has gotten so bad the past year. The Doctor’s are unable to find anything wrong with me.” He offered as an apology and tried an indifferent shrug, which no one believed.
   “Where did that tidbit of information come from, chere?” Tessa asked, lightly, in Joe’s favor.
   “A client, I had about a year or a year and a half ago, contracted me to do some research.” He took another drink of water. “For the life of me, I couldn’t remember what the research was about, only that he paid well and asked for discretion.” Master Joe nodded for Codi to continue while Cole worried he was in trouble. 
   “I had forgotten all about it until I saw Tessa’s black lace shirt that reminded me of a pirate for some reason, then the memory flooded back to me.” He gave a nervous, worried laugh, “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to offend or insult anyone.” Poor Codi was near tears and Cole looked as if he were ready to bolt from the tavern, never minding all the Vampires and his own Alpha sitting there. 
   “No one is in trouble, chere,” Tessa gave one of her famous big smiles, “Who, by chance, was the customer. Do you recall?” She touched Paine on his elbow, nothing to the casual observer, but Paine knew she wanted him to help Codi remember.  Paine’s visible eyebrow scrunched inward towards his nose, his face giving nothing off.
   Codi couldn’t tear himself from Paine’s gaze, his face relaxed.
   “He was large, like Master Joe and Brandt, but looking more.....feral, if someone could look like that. His clothes were sloppy, he had a bit of a paunch.” 
   “Was he alone, little buddy?” the Vampire Pirate Paine inquired, softly, so he wouldn’t break his own spell.
   “No, Turner and Hayes stood in the background like statues, really creeping me out.” 
   “Thank you, chere.” She nodded to Paine who left for the bar and touched Joe on the shoulder, “Would you mind coming to the bar, I would like you to honor me by tasting some new Scotch that just arrived from Germany.” He allowed himself to be led to the bar, where Paine had two tumbler glasses of dark amber liquid that looked a little thick. Next to each glass was a bottle of perrier. 
   Cole visibly relaxed, his arm never leaving Codi’s shoulders. Brandt rubbed Codi’s forearm where Joe had grasped.  That was so Tessa could tell if the truth were being told, her power, himself and Joe acting like a circuit breaker. All paranormal creatures had some extra power, in addition to their creature’s power.
   At the bar, Joe and Tessa were making a show of tasting the new Scotch.
   “His memory was wiped by someone in Edwards’ pack, Wolf.” Paine stated, not meaning any insult, that was just who he was as Tessa’s top Warrier in the Clan.
   “But they couldn’t wipe his memory completely.” Joe sipped some Scotch, opened by a bit of water by mixing in the provided tumbler. He was a bit more than proud that the little man had overcome the sloppy memory wipe.
   “Why would Edwards be researching your history, Tessa?” Paine asked, hunched over, pretending to be intrigued by the taste test.
   “During the war, Edwards was looking for background information of all his enemies, wanting something to hold over them.  He, of course, tried blackmailing me, but I sent his little courier dog back with an empathic ‘go to hell’.” 
   “They’re all a bad bunch. That explains why they are so interested in Codi,” they looked surreptitiously over at the booth, where Codi was explaining his Research and Writing business. “But what else do they need research for, if that is indeed what Edwards is up to?”
   “Maybe that’s what your little man’s secret power is, the ability to research?” Paine suggested in all seriousness. “If he could find that much background from the bits and pieces of history that Tessa couldn’t get rid of, then of what else is he capable. And what else is in your little human’s background, Wolf?”
   “We know he can smell scents from Wolves and maybe even Vampires.” Joe replied quietly. Tessa and Paine were speechless. 
   “That’s unheard of!” She exclaimed while splashing perrier on the bar in haste to mix the Scotch with it in the tumbler. Paine quickly wiped up the spill. “No human can detect the paranormal scents.”
   “Did you know Codi is nearly deaf?” Joe asked, looking at Tessa and Paine directly. He had never heard of such a special power developing in a human.
   Tessa looked knowledgeable. “We did know from our humans that one of a human’s sense will pick up after another is disabled.” She sniffed the Scotch and sipped, pretending to give notes to Paine, who nodded, in case Cole was watching.  He was being excluded from the conversation by his Alpha but Brandt could hear everything.
   “But for a human to detect scents on others? That is worrisome. I wonder why Edwards is so hung up on your little human?” Paine now looked at Codi with a Warrior’s interest, thinking from Edward’s point of view.  Paine’s ability to see from an enemy’s point of view was invaluable to Tessa over the past few hundred years they had known each other. 
   After lunch, Cole took Codi around to the stores for new clothes and shoes while Joe and Brandt went to their lawyer’s office. 
   “Good Afternoon, Joe, Brandt.  How is the Ballard business and household?” Arnold White had been the Wolve’s lawyer for over a quarter century and his father, three quarters of a century before that. Joe trusted Mr. White entirely. 
   “All good, Arnie, we’re here on more of a combination of business and pleasure.” Joe’s wolf nature was simmering just below the surface and Mr. White could tell the surface facade was just that. He was more than human at times and could tell when a wolf or vampire was about to burst out.
   Mr. White immediately put on his professional demeanor.  “Tell me what the problem is, Joe.” He leaned back, after offering some liquor, which was politely declined.  Joe began telling his lawyer about Codi being pursued by Edwards’ men, his mental state and how he was treated by the landlords, finally, ending with the dilapidated state of the home, garage and overhead apartment. 
   Mr. White listened with great intent, was quiet for quite some time and spoke.  
   “Our options, legally, I’m assuming you want, are generally acceptable with the Court.” Joe and Brandt nodded in unison for Mr. White to continue. “What we can do, is call an emergency meeting with the housing inspector while we file a complaint with the sheriff’s department over the assaults that Mr. Wilson endured. I can also perform a perfunctory background check on Mr. Wilson, if you would like.”    
   He was typing on a computer and they could hear the legal assistant outside barking out the orders to call judges, file complaints with Deputy Johnson and discreetly bribing the housing inspector to meet the inside group at the address in question. Both Joe and Brandt agreed to the background check, gazed at their Lawyer and gave large, wolfish grins, showing barely hidden extended canines.
   About an hour or two later, Joe, Brandt, Mr. White and several self-important looking men were standing outside the home, with the two matching disgusting landlords in handcuffs for the assaults on Codi that Joe witnessed. In one man’s hands, was a clipboard and he was signing and initialing official paperwork condemning the buildings, Deputy Johnson had already read them their rights to keep quiet, which they pointedly ignored.
   “THAT GODDAMN LITTLE FAGGOT IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS! I KNOW POWERFUL PEOPLE! Y’ALL’S DAYS ARE NUMBERED!” The odious man was yelling at anyone that would pay mind. Just the housing inspector raised his eyebrows at such a display and Brandt stretched out his arms with a fake yawn and ‘accidently’ shoved the man in a puddle of oil and gas that  his old blue truck had leaked in the driveway after getting towed for littering. Deputy Johnson gave Brandt a warning glare, for official purposes.
   “Deputy, place the accused in separate police cars.  First put down some plastic bags so he doesn’t stain the car.” The Secondary Deputy obliged, not so gently shoving the pair towards waiting police cars to take them to the county jail.
   “The apartment should have been condemned.  Whoever lived here should have gotten medical attention and maybe a tetanus booster.” The inspector declared, then continued. “The house is barely livable, it will all have to come down then the land cleaned.” He nodded after several more signatures from all present and went on his way.
   “Sure you guys want to take this on?” Deputy Johnson asked, knowing it was a moot question.  Once the Ballards put their minds to something, they were immovable.  And the landlords were now in their sights.
   “Is it alright if we take a look inside, Deputy?” Joe asked, knowing which side the bread was buttered on.
   “Sure, fellas, just don’t touch anything and I have to go with you.” Johnson extended his arm so the two big men could enter the home. With the three huge, six foot plus men inside the small, filthy kitchen, the place felt miniature. They had to stand sideways in the home to fit. 
   “This is it, what you guys looking for?” Johnson asked, his face a mask of disgust.  Brandt knew the deputy couldn’t smell the lingering scent of sour whiskey and rotten fruit from the landlords like they could, but they could all smell the garbage, dirty dishes, and old laundry needing put through the washer. Johnson led them into a similar small living room with piles of celebrity gossip magazines, empty beer cans from a questionable distillery and piles of paperwork.
   “Anything that could answer any number of questions, Deputy.” Joe answered, his Wolf nose trying to discern something out of the mess. Brandt was looking at a pile of paperwork on one corner table of the living room, where the gossip magazines were piled. 
   “Got something B?” Joe asked his Mate with a hand on his shoulder.
   “I smell a familiar scent.” He answered in front of the Deputy, who knew them for so many years now, he didn’t question how or why.
   “Turner and Hayes have been here, recently.”  He kicked over a lopsided pile and underneath was a bulky brown paper sack. 
   “Deputy, bring some gloves and an evidence bag in here, PRONTO” he yelled and in a few seconds, the other Deputy entered with four sets of blue gloves and a clear evidence bag.
   “Sorry guys, this is an official investigation, can’t let you handle evidence.” Deputy Johnson announced, more for official procedure than any warning.  Both Joe and Brandt nodded their understanding, both sniffing the air now intently. 
   “What were Turner and Hayes doing here? Stalking Codi?” Their shoulders were squared up and the hair on their arms and neck was standing straight up. Deputy Johnson pulled on the gloves and carefully picked up the bag with the other Deputy filming with a police smartphone.
   Opening the bag, they noticed bundles of fresh hundred dollar bills and a note that had been opened and folded repeatedly. Johnson was verbalizing what he was doing and what he was finding for the camera.
   “This Deputy has found inside the premises a generic brown paper bag, inside bundles of hundred dollar bills, probably in the neighborhood of fifty thousand dollars along with this note.” He reached inside, showing the note and unfolded and read for the camera.
   “He’s served his purpose, take care of him and you’ll get the other half. I don’t need him talking about any research he’s completed over the past year, just make sure he’s dead.  Use your discretion, make him commit suicide, endanger his life with that shitty room over your garage, I don’t care, but it has to look like an accident or self-harm. Edwards.” 
   Deputy Johnson was grim-faced with barely controlled anger, his deputy assistant was so pale he looked like he could either vomit or faint.  Brandt was a furious shade of beet red, his wolf fighting to come out to destroy the old couple, his ears trying to point, his jaw trying to elongate and fur shooting out his skin like a rash. Joe wasn’t much better, by twisting his neck side to side like a professional wrestler, pumping his arms up and down, just barely hanging on to his human side.
   “Well, GodDammit.” Joe finally growled out, as the other Deputy quietly took the evidence bag out to the sheriff’s car to write the chain of command, leaving his supervisor to deal with his friends, who were looking suspiciously like men who had overdosed on steroids or male growth hormone.
   Brandt was barely holding on, tears streaming down his face, thinking of Edwards wanting to kill Codi. “WhatthehellisEdwardsdoing?” Brandt ground out in a stream of words in a barely audible human voice. 
   “You two boys gotta get a grip, this ‘hood can’t see you change here.” Johnson gave a warning. “Do I need to call the wagon?” He narrowed his eyes at Joe, who shook his head violently. 
   “Brandt, take a deep breath. The pack will take care of Edwards and his ilk.” Brandt was inhaling his Alpha’s scent to calm himself down. His face was in Joe’s neck, sniffing deeply, rooting him in the here and now.  Joe was caressing Brandt’s back while Johnson kept a lookout in the kitchen, ordering several new deputies to clear out the apartment and garage, to keep them out of the house. After ten more minutes, the two large mountainous men exited, a bit more calm, walked purposefully towards their truck. 
   “Now don’t you boys do anything stupid.” Only their good friend, Deputy Johnson could talk to them like that and still live. “Take a day or two, go to your north woods at the edge of your property and let loose. Take the pack, burn off some steam.” 
********
   Also that afternoon, Cole was ushering Codi around to the different department stores that Master Joe had accounts with, picking up clothes, shoes and necessities that Joe had ordered.  Anyone staying at Ballard House was under Master Alpha Joe’s protection, therefore he was responsible for their well-being. Everything reflected back on him, he felt. Therefore, Codi had to have a new wardrobe to reflect Ballard House. At least, that was what Master Joe had stated. He and Brandt simply wanted to treat Codi to new belongings after being mistreated and marked for murder.
   “I can’t let Joe or Brandt buy me all these things!” Codi was trying to put another mountain of bags and boxed back into the Store Manager’s possession.
   “Ah, sorry, Mr. Wilson,” The manager long accustomed to Joe Ballard’s orders, had no desire to go against the huge mountain of a man’s wishes. One such man attempted to blackball the Mr.’s Ballard and now he was bagging groceries somewhere in the southern hemisphere under an assumed name. “You may pick out one each raincoat, wool overcoat and lightweight leather jacket.” The manager, stated, reading from a list of demands Joe Ballard had sent ahead of time. “Our head of men’s sales will help you.” He nodded at a medium height man with short professional cut hair and styled but not obvious matching brown eyebrows. 
   He nodded at Codi, standing sideways with one arm outstretched, smiling ambiguously but clearly enjoying Codi’s uncomfortableness with all the attention.
   “Codi, don’t make the man stand there like a stop sign.” Cole pushed softly so Codi would walk past the salesman, who winked at Cole and gave a small smile. He turned back to the store manager, who smiled and shook his head, looking over the list again and picking up an interoffice phone under the counter. 
   “This way sir, our overcoat department is this way.” He smiled and gestured towards some mannequins wearing different overcoats and rainwear. Codi turned abruptly to Cole who could not hide his glee at seeing Codi getting nice things. 
   “You heard the man, get going!” Cole nipped at his smaller mate’s ears that were sticking out, begging for licks and bites. They were now beet red, matching the back of his neck. Cole’s wolf wondered how far the blushing went down. 
   “First, you must put on this suit so I can tell how the coats will hang.” The salesman grinned, showing off sharp canines that were slightly longer. His nostrils flexed, making Cole grin again.  How would Codi handle two supernatural beings flirting with him? Cole wasn’t jealous in the slightest over this Vampire flirting with Codi. He knew the Vampire from Last Winter’s War and his wife and daughter. Paranormal creatures like the two groups didn’t distinguish between male or female when flirting, courting, dating or marrying. 
   “Did you need assistance?” The Vampire leaned forward, making Codi blush a more furious beet red.
   “No, I know how to change clothes.” He snapped and grabbed the suit bag. Cole chuckled and winked at the salesman. Codi was pointed at the dressing room in the back of the area, between racks of suits. Cole and the Vampire salesman were chatting together, laughing here and there, making Codi wonder what they could possibly have in common.  There were about three other men wandering around the racks and two women looking at papers in their hands and gazing at different items. 
   Codi stopped at one display that had gaudy green and silver suit vests and perversely wanted to grab one to add to the suit. Someone brushed against him again but didn't think of it, knowing how narrow the aisles were.
   “You’re looking lovely, Codes. Two years does wonders.” Someone with a dark, deep voice whispered behind him, reminding him of his ex-boyfriend, Gerry Edgewood-but he had died two years ago. Codi turned around and saw no one again. Getting creeped out over a dead boyfriend was just a side effect of all the stress he had been under lately.  But happening twice in one month? 
   He turned to see Cole trying on a big, heavy leather overcoat that looked like it weighed one hundred fifty pounds. He smiled and walked back to the dressing room putting the suit on. The afternoon was going to be long.
   “That was a long day.” Codi sighed, collapsing down into a deep and wide white cotton chair, bags from four different stores littered the living room floor.  This suite was decorated all in white, neither masculine nor feminine. A good, neutral design that Codi enjoyed, calming his nerves and stress. The door opened to the good size living room, the walls felt like a thick satin wallpaper material, an off white like antique or bisque white. The floor was a light blond bamboo wood floor, reflecting the ceiling with light blond tan paint, going from darker on the outside to lighter to the center where a faux sun was intimated by sponging a lighter yellow and orange around the hanging light fixture.
   The light fixture was a drop light, made of sweeping, arching panes of glass that drew Codi’s breath away. There were two white cotton loveseats facing each other and a white stone coffee table where Codi’s chair was between the two loveseats, facing a white marble fireplace. Cole was standing at the kitchen island, on the table side. There were four matching tall bar stools that had curving backs and surprisingly comfortable made of some sort of white leather, padded with wide, white blonde wood. The kitchen island was six or seven feet long and four feet wide, a four burner stove in the center of the island and a pop up vent. On either side was a wide expanse of white marble and another wide white marble counter also six or seven feet long.
   There were under counter refrigerator drawers where Cole was getting the ingredients out for a salad. Curiosity got the better of Codi, so he hefted himself off the chair, padded over and plopped himself up on one of the barstools, watching the tall, dark, swarthy man working in the kitchen. Cole bent down to get celery and Codi made a sound of enjoyment. 
   “See something you like, little man?” Cole smirked, turning around, scenting arousal. He turned around and leaned on his elbows towards Codi, showing off his wide muscular shoulders and beefy, hairy pecs that he knew Codi enjoyed feeling. With both his face and hands. Codi’s eyes were almost pitch black, the irises that wide, with a narrow band of blue surrounding the outside.
   “Oh yes, most certainly.” Codi whispered, sniffing Cole’s neck and lightly kissing his carotid artery. Codi’s lips were still on Cole’s neck and a smile was on his face. Cole lifted one arm and softly caressed the man’s neck.
   He kissed Codi on the top of his head and drew back with a sigh.
   “If you don’t stop, I’ll never get dinner made.” Cole said, enjoying seeing Codi so relaxed in his presence.
   “I love being around you, you know.” He accepted a glass of white wine, a Pinot he could leave or take, but accepted from Cole. 
   “Ditto, little man.” Cole tore himself away and turned around to finish steaming some crab, cod and tuna for a light dinner after the busy day. 
   “Thank you for this small dinner, Cole, I just wasn’t up to a big, boisterous dinner with everyone.” He sighed, taking a sip. 
   “Anytime, Codi, I enjoy seeing you happy and would do anything to keep you happy and safe.” Cole gave a dark, almost possessive glance at Codi at his Mate.
   ‘My Mate?’ Cole thought, suddenly. And the realization hit him with the feeling of a freight train. Just as quickly. But first he had to explain what he and the pack were. 
   “I’ve never felt as safe and loved as I do here.” He smiled up at the man. “I love seeing you smiling and happy as well, Cole.” Cole blushed as well, but with his dark olive Italian skin, he just turned a darker shade. He turned back to the steamed fish, finding them done, finished the two plates, placed one in front of Codi, the other in front of himself. The full moon was tomorrow night, so the pack would spend the next three nights running, playing and hunting on Ballard Land. 
   He poured himself a glass of the Pinot Grigio and took Codi’s hand. He wasn’t sure how to proceed.
   “You know how Bill, Don and Tony are so playful all the time, how the rest of the guys, we call pups, are as well?” Codi nodded, so he continued. “Master Joe, Brandt, the other two...leaders...and myself are bigger men?” 
   “You guys are the biggest, most hairy guys I’ve ever met, that’s for sure!” Codi laughed, running the fingers of his other hand through Cole’s thick chest hair, causing him to growl with lust.
   He gently took Codi’s fingers and laughed. “You’re side tracking me.” He kissed Codi’s and rubbed noses with him. “You’ve probably noticed we’re stronger than most men as well.” 
   He looked nervous for some reason, Codi thought. “Just say whatever you have to say, Cole.” 
   “Just want you to know, you’ll always be safe here at Ballard House, with Master Joe, Brandt, Me and everyone.  You’ll never be hurt, I’ll see to it.” Cole was tearing up, Codi reached up, wiped a tear off Cole’s cheek and lightly kissed him. 
   “I’ve never felt safer, Cole. You make me feel safe. So, what do you want to tell me about everyone here?” 
   “We’re all glad you’re here, is all.” He began quickly and continued, his own heart beating fast. “Just remember when Master Joe and Brandt were telling you that one morning, when we got your hearing aids.” 
   Codi was silent, still smiling. Cole listened for his heartbeat and found the steady beat there always was. He smiled back and kissed his little man. 
   “So, everyone has to go out tonight but it’s a group, or pack thing.” He stated while eating the seafood salad.
   “Yes, I wouldn’t want you to change your habits just because I’m here, Cole.” 
   “Ah, ok, well, we run together each full moon, so we don’t lose our cool at inopportune moments. Master Joe is always saying ‘Never Trust the Moon’ to change.” Cole took another sip of wine. “We want you to stay indoors on these nights, because there are rogue...people...from the other counties that we can’t trust or control.”
   “Oh,” Codi’s face had a sudden realization, “Like Edwards, Turner and Hayes.”
   Cole hugged his smaller Mate fiercely, kissed and licked his face to comfort him, his Wolf wanting to come out and claim, protect his Mate. Codi laughed, wiggling from the licks, making Cole and his Wolf very happy.
   “Just promise you’ll stay here?” Cole looked at Codi with his darkest, most serious face, Codi couldn’t help but promise.
   “I promise, Cole. I have more than enough to keep me busy putting all these away.” He laughed, gesturing to the bags and boxes littering the floor and flat surfaces.  His queen size bed overloaded with the coats and other items. 
   After dinner, Cole met with the pack in the Morning Room, all ready to follow Master Joe into the fields, through the park like courtyard to change into their wolf selves and run free for the rest of the night. 
   “Is he ok with everything?” Master Joe asked his Beta, with Brandt, Derric and Ransome listening, for the pack held no secrets.
   “He is, Master and he understands.” Cole was beaming a full, wide grin, his joy overflowing. Master Joe gave his Beta a full hug and kissed his face.  Brandt, Derric and Ransome hugged, patted, kissed and licked their Beta and friend, knowing he had his mate, finally, after more than half a century alone.
   That night and the following two nights, the pack ran with wild, joyful abandon.
********
   Also that full moon found Tessa and her Clan, Midnight Thieves, flying across the bay in Kitsap county, chasing the rogue, wild wolves and other criminal elements. This was one of the agreements between Tessa’s Clan and Ballard’s Pack. They were allowed to hunt all of Kitsap and Snohomish Counties unregulated and in King County with the criminal elements as well. If Ballard’s Wolves needed more space to run, they were allowed to run in the other counties as well, but not encroach on any other Wolf territories without permission from that Pack’s Alpha or Vampire’s Clan. Usually, Tessa and Joe received permission without much of a fight, being so far up in their respective hierarchies. 
   “Ok Midnight, we have full run of all the county.” Tessa announced in the basement of her Tavern, where there were roughly thirty Vampires of various rank, listening. At her sides were Paine and Zad, her right hand lieutenants, beside and slightly behind those two were Eoghan and Loghan, the second hand lieutenants of the Clan. There were various other members, loosely associated with Tessa’s Clan, making about fifty total. They would meet over the bay at the designated location.
   “As usual, no innocents are to be harmed, only the criminal element. And as Sheriff Johnson has found out, there are more than enough to go around.” She grinned and received several accommodating hisses of agreement, more clapping and shouting. 
   “What if we find Turner and Hooch?” Zad asked, with a lopsided grin.
   “All bets are off.” She returned the grin, full of razor sharp teeth.
   The Clan flew across the bay at a higher elevation so no unsuspecting boaters or those peeping toms and thomasinas with telescopes, could sight them. They met at a large dilapidated stone home inset from the bay where no other houses were located, in part, due to the foreboding landscape that was purposefully set to scare off intruders. There were already about twenty Vampires of various ages waiting for their leader, Tessa.
   The group bowed at the waist and the arriving group bowed in return. Tessa grinned at her waiting Clan, proud of their self-respect and belonging to her Clan. She walked to a raised concrete platform that was once the foundation to an outside barbeque house, now razed.
   “Alright, Midnight, feel free to spread out in groups of ten, each headed by myself, Paine, Zad, Eoghan and Loghan. You know the quarters of the county. We may need to spread out to the coast or reservation, you know the hideouts and areas of criminal activity. Go, my beauties!” 
   At once, five groups of ten sped out like a blur of shadows, Tess taking one group of ten to the northeast quarter of the county. They had tracked a group of methamphetamine makers to a small trailer complex.  There was a foul smell of chemicals, highly toxic and flammable. The group of Vampires knew they wouldn’t cause an explosion themselves, but the human criminals could be careless, throwing them. 
   The group of ten could smell about seven humans, knew five were high already. The good thing about Vampires was nothing could make them sick, so they could freely drink and not feel any affects from anything the humans put into their body. If they were ill, they would have to take time for their supernatural bodies to heal properly. 
   Tessa quickly associated one of the humans as the leader, taking him for herself, stalking him silently. She could see three of her followers tracking a rather large male, probably samoan or filipino, who was ambling from one rusted trailer to another, carrying a huge bottle of weed killer. Two more followers were eyeing a thin caucasian woman with jittery eyes, staring up at the star-filled sky. She doubted the woman was staring at any specific constellation. Two more had a third man in their sights who was in a the trailer with a lab. They were staring in the open window, never minding the overwhelming stench. She knew these two had lost their sense of smell prior to getting changed, having some disease that attacked their bodies before. There was a lab assistant next to the man, both wearing large yellow elbow length gloves and snorkle masks. The last two Vampires were each stalking so-called security men the leader had apparently hired to protect the illegal lab.  
   Tess gave a low whistle that was below hearing level of humans. The ten Vampires attacked at once, in a coordinated attack. The two vampires with no sense of smell, quickly attacked the chemists and removed them from the trailer with such speed they didn’t know what hit them. The spaced out woman who was staring out at space, didn’t realize she had been staring at two Vampires until their fangs gleamed in the camping light next to her.  She opened her mouth to scream but they were small gurgles moments later.
   The two security guards were getting thrown hither and yon by the overly muscular Vampires, each grinning at playing with their food.  One was cruelly telling one human “I’ll give you a ten second head start. Run.” The other guard ran in the other direction, his heart skipping beats after seeing yellow, bloodshot eyes and large teeth grinning at him like Satan’s right hand man. Ten seconds later there were crunches of bone in the dark of night. 
   Tess was now facing the leader, a tall, muscular Brazilian, with disdain written all over his face. Tess grinned at his knowing his fate was sealed. He grimaced, then gave a narrow grin back, slowly drawing a bowie knife in one hand and a large handgun in the other. He crouched low, his intent to attack this intruder. Before he could shove the knife at Tessa, she was already at his throat, drinking his life blood, drawing his spark out of his body.
   At the Northwest where the large Reservation was located, Paine had found a group of rogue Wolves terrorizing some Native Teens on a quest. The five Wolves had cornered the determined teens, who were now back to back, facing outward with knives drawn. One of the Wolves had blood seeping from an open wound on his face and two of the teens were nursing claw marks on their biceps. 
   “Now this doesn’t feel like a fair fight.” Paine slowly announced, getting the attention of the lead Rogue Wolf, who grinned territorially. 
   “Five to five, seems fair, bloodsucker.” The larger Wolf spat over his shoulder, crouching and kicking rocks at the teens.
   “Going after Teens, Rogue?” Paine teased, with an inflection of disdain in his voice. 
   “Fuck off, this is our meal.” He blasted at the annoying pale skinned leech, he thought. 
   “Maybe I’ll play with my food too.” Paine whispered and in a blur was on top of the large Rogue Wolf, his arm torn off and thrown into the fire the teens had made but abandoned in haste. Seeing their makeshift lead Wolf down for the count, the other four Wolves tried to flee in terror but were quickly pounced upon by the other nine Vampires. The teens raced off, a muffler was heard in the far background and Paine knew they would be safe in their elder’s homes, telling of the escape, in thanks to their Vampire Saviors.
   Eoghan and his group were stealthily crawling across the beach on the Pacific Shores near a popular resort town. On the beach was a large group of smugglers with boxes of something that smelled illegal in the fish and seafood trade. The event was flowing smoothly, something that Eoghan was glad to disrupt. He grinned, looked around, whispered to his clan mates to go around and surround the group. There were about fifty men and women, from all races but the common ground was moving illegal goods from a medium boat off shore to a large refrigerator moving van just off the beach.
   They were using a line to move boxes and bags in rotation, about ten chinese security guards with big machine guns constantly sweeping their gaze across the misty darkness. Apparently none of the group was paranormal, because none of them scented the Vampires, heard their creeping across the grasses and sand to seal their fate. 
   Eoghan smiled and whispered ‘attack’ at the group. Soon there was machine gun shots, shouting, screams and gurgling.  If anyone was viewing from afar, all they would be seeing was fifty people trying to run, waving arms and bodies and ten blurs of shadows. There were no survivors and no evidence. After the bodies were drained and hidden for the sharks, Eoghan drove the ill gotten gains to an underground shelter that housed victims of domestic violence. The food would be distributed to those that needed it. 
   Loghan and his group decided to separate in the Southeast section of the county, each taking a large parcel of land. The idea was to take down elements that were deemed unfit for human companionship, meaning those that abused others, serial criminals that had records and rogue wolves. He ordered them in groups of two and designated large areas for them to cover. 
   They were each given several hours but none taking the entire time. Unfortunately, they easily found their prey, humanity being what it was. They located, drained and destroyed several of each kind of criminal element that Loghan described. Four of the ten came back with clear evidence of fighting-cuts, scrapes and bruises, but none seriously injured. 
   The last group headed by Zad was led into the interior of the county, where most of the Rogue Wolves hid out. As soon as his group was in the central area of the county, they found themselves surrounded.
   “Well well well, we didn’t expect company for Dinner.” One large, unkempt man, half-changed, licked his one remaining caine, extended past his bottom lip. His fur was filled with mud, his hind legs those of a wolf, standing like a human, his upper body that of a man and his face elongated into a muzzle but with human eyes. Both grotesque and alluring at the same time.
   “We could have brought the wine, enough for a party.” Zad announced loudly. Ever alert to his group getting surrounded, they turned back to back and side to side in a circle, with the Rogues mirroring them outside the circle. They were evenly matched, ten for ten. 
   “To what do we owe the pleasure of the intrusion?” Another large half-wolf inquired in a gravelly voice. He may have bowed in jest but it was hard to tell because the man or woman was bent over, their spine trying to fully evolve into a wolf but their scrambled mind couldn’t make out the Moon. This was what Master Joe was trying to explain to the pups and Wolves.
   “We’re exercising tonight, like everyone.” Zad announced, sweeping his arm to include the other nine Vampires, who were fully alert now and ready to fight.
   “Don’t let us stop you.” The first Half-Wolf teased. He drew down his arm and the two groups smashed into each other like the hadron collider. If anyone was watching from the countryside homes, no one ventured out. There were panther-like wails from the half-formed Wolves, shrieks from Vampires as they extended their outrage at the Rogues. The fight endured for hours, or minutes. No one could tell.  
   The last Rogue fell, Zad looked around and four Vampires had fallen as well. There was nothing that could be done, after all, a Vampire’s body did disintegrate in the sun if it were truly dead. These Vampires either had their heads torn from their bodies or their hearts. Injured Vampires could regenerate themselves, even if near death or missing body parts. However if the heart or head were missing, there was no hope.
   Near four am the groups reconned at the old abandoned home with the outdoor barbeque foundation where Tessa counted the victors, mourned the losses and bade everyone safe journey till the next full moon when they would hunt again. Back at the Tavern’s basement, those who were injured were placed in the basement rooms to heal, some two bed per room. Doc, from Ballard House, made house calls for the paranormal community. 
   “Yes, everyone will be alright, Tess. They’ll regenerate but they’ll have to recuperate in quiet conditions.  These Rogue Wolves are unstable. Joe is having a hell of a time keeping them confined to Kitsap County and not running out to the coast. You’re doing fine, Tess.” He bade her goodbye. 
   Paine and Eoghan were commiserating with Zad up in the bar, over the loss of four followers. Tess slapped a hand on his shoulder as she walked by and sat by Paine’s side.
   “We knew this would get tough and now we know most of the rogues are centered in Kitsap. For what reason, we have no idea, but they are contained, somewhat.” She accepted a large tumbler of Whiskey, reminiscent of old pirate days.

CHAPTER SIX
   The next week flew by for Cole, Don and Bill because another member of the Ladies Auxiliary wanted Ballard Landscaping to redo her home’s front lawn and only Cole and his crew would do. Cole had a big reputation around the North End of King County for his hard work in making a vision into reality. The secret was his and his crew’s paranormal strength of being Wolves. Their bare muscular chests and biceps didn’t hurt either for all the orders from wealthy women, and some men.
   Cole met with the homeowner of a large mansion, looking like it couldn’t make up its mind whether to be contemporary full of glass walls or greek with columns and marble. The home was either gorgeous-ahead-of-it’s-time or gawdawful nightmares from some demented architect. Either way, the home had found their way into some architectural digest and was competing for the cover with a southern mansion of questionable taste, according to the runner for the competition. 
   “So, you understand the purple hedges go up front, the zebra grasses can dot the corners of the lawn and the multi colored grass can be spread throughout?” The woman stated for the fourth time, almost looking like she had rabies, complete with wide, wild eyes.  Who knew these home competitions were so cutthroat? 
   “Yes ma’am,” Cole said again, with infinite patience, “we’ve got the blueprints, Izel has had the order for more than a month and has guaranteed delivery.”  
********
   Joe didn't’ want to wait to start demolition of the landlord’s home and over-garage apartment. He sent Don, Bill, Tom and Tony to oversee the work. They felt it was a great honor for their Alpha to trust them to do the work as team leads rather than one of the Betas. Their trust back at their Master was returned in one hundred percent work. 
   “I think the rehab people are here,” Bill looked at the large white van that had backed up to the home.
   “We’ll get started removing things that can be cleaned up and put to use in another home.” Tony said, used to recycling appliances, windows and doors for the organization that re-used home items in building houses for the homeless and those restarting their lives anew. Master Joe was a big believer in helping the innocent and less fortunate. 
   The four pups, along with some construction crews, removed all that could be removed from the house and garage. That took a few hours into the first day. After the van left, they stood in the apartment that Codi had lived in for an unknown period of time.
   “Dang, our little Codi lived here?” Don stated more than asked, in awe. And not a good kind of awe, there was pity and scorn for the lowly conditions their friend had to endure.
   “Plus live with those horrible landlords? If they were still here, they’d be ripped to shreds.” Tom announced with no one disagreeing.
    “I heard that the Sheriff had to warn Master Joe and Beta Brandt to watch themselves or he’d have to get the paddy wagon to get them out of here.” Tony whispered, as if their Master and Beta were around the corner.
   “You know how they protect the weak and innocent, they just about adopted Codi, as we all did from the first get to.” Tom explained to the trio.
   “Yah, can’t believe anyone would put Codi in harms way, intentionally.” Bill shook his head a bit sadly.
   “This couldn’t have passed inspection. I can feel a breeze in the bedroom.” Tony yelled from the secondary room. “And he slept on the floor on a mattress?” He was thunderstruck as he walked the perimeter of the small bedroom.
   “Hell, I can see the garage floor where he had the rug in this little living room.” Bill was on his hand and knees looking through the slats on the floor.  “There’s no subfloor!” 
   “Those two can hope no Vampires or Wolves are in the pen with them” Tony spit on the floor in contempt for the low-scum human beings.
   “Thankfully Master took in Codi and he’s in a better living condition.” Bill stated with a warm comment. 
   “Well, we’d better get these boards loosened, so we can put them in the bin outside.” Tom stated, getting his hammer and removing wallboard. The other three started removing wood slats that could be resanded and reused in something else. 
   The four were busy tearing the small apartment apart with the idea that Codi would never have to set foot in the place again.
   They were busy another hour ripping out the walls and started on the ceiling when Bill noticed something in the bedroom.
   “Hey guys, come look at this.” The three littermates came into the bedroom to see Bill pointing at a square block of something white on a ceiling joist.
   “What’s that you got, Bill?” Tony asked, looking up.
   “Looks like a large bar of soap flakes,” Tom stated. 
   “Isn’t this ceiling a bit high for a garage apartment?” Don asked, looking up and raising his arms.
   “We’re all six foot or so and this ceiling is eight. What’s the zoning laws for a one car garage apartment?” He asked, but no one knew, leaving building codes up to Brandt, Cole and Joe.
   Bill jumped and knocked the white bar off the joist and saw the flour-like substance rain down after the bar thudded on the floor. Tony sniffed and sneezed.
   “I think that’s a bar of ricin!” He shouted in alarm.
   “Dang, they were serious about killing our sweet lil Codi!” Bill was sorrowful for the lil guy all over again.
   “Good thing that bar was sitting right under another roof joist, otherwise the powder would have rained down over him during rainstorms.
   “Oh look,” Tom pointed to some plastic under the roof, “it was laying directly under that large piece of flashing, so nothing would have disturbed it anyway.”
   “Until I knocked it down.” Bill pointed out.
   “Good thing nothing can harm us, being Wolves. If any of us did ingest or inhale the stuff, our high Wolf metabolism would get it out of our system anyway.” Don said again, the others nodding.
   “But not Codi.” Tom added.
********
   With Cole busy with the order along with some of the other pups of his crew, Codi was at the house in his new office. Master Joe felt all home workers should have a separate work area from the living area. But Codi thought the room across from the Master’s Den should have been something else, given to someone more deserving. He shrugged his shoulders and started unpacking the boxes of files, books and decorations from his storage. 
   The morning flew by and Codi didn’t realize time had gone so fast. There was a shadow in the doorway causing him to look up, confused. Everyone was out and busy, except him and Cook with her helpers. He couldn’t focus enough to see details like a face. 
   “Hello?” he greeted, scrunching up his face. His greeting was a male’s chuckling.
   “You know you’ll get wrinkles if you squint?” The tall, lithe figure walked inside.
   Codi was still squinting and the voice became familiar.
   “Paine? Welcome, what are you doing here? I don’t think anyone is around.” Paine came into focus with a deep midnight blue eyepatch that set off his blond hair. 
   Paine took of a wide brimmed hat and removed an old fashioned cloak from his shoulders, showing a midnight blue long sleeve t-shirt and skin tight dark brown leather pants. “I’m actually here to escort you to see Joe, Brandt and their lawyer.” He smiled mischievously. He leaned over the glass desk, smelling of burnt oak and fresh shellfish. Not an altogether unpleasant aroma. Codi inadvertently leaned forward to inhale more of the pleasant man’s scent and smiled.
   “If you keep that up, I may not be responsible for my actions, little man.” Paine smiled with his face right in Codi’s neck. 
   Codi shocked at the intimate suggestion, straightened up and blushed deep beet red again, making Paine laugh good naturedly again. 
   “Sorry, i’m out of sorts today.  What am I meeting Joe and Brandt for? Is it for a lease for my room and office?” Codi questioned, unpacking again, trying to get his mind off the sexy man standing before him.
   “Nothing like that, little man.” He said, picking up Codi’s light weight wool jacket so he could slip into it and out the door. Codi obliged, walking to a large Jeep luxury SUV. Paine stepped into the vehicle, smiled indulgently at his somewhat uncomfortable passenger and slid out the driveway. He felt Codi staring at him. 
   “What is it, Codi?” knowing fully well what was on the smaller man’s mind.
   Codi was silently wondering if he should be so bold as to ask and decided Paine would expect such a conversation.
   “You, Tess and the rest of your group are different than Joe, Brandt and Cole, but kind of the same.” Codi started the conversation.
   “Yes, we’re all similar but we’re different.” He grinned largely, showing off his brilliant white canines that were normal size. Looking slyly at Codi he nodded his head. All Codi could see was the eyepatch that was raising his interest in this lethal man. 
   “I’m much more aware of differences than I was a few years ago, since meeting Tessa and you. Are you Vampires?” He quivered a little on the last word.
   “If we were, would that change how you feel about us?” Paine asked, clearly amused, knowing that Codi had a little crush on him and was in awe of Tess.
   “Of course not. You’re very good looking. I’m surprised you can go out in the sun.  None of you can spar...”
   “No, we don’t.” Paine cut the false observation short. “That damned movie and those damned angsty hormonal girls.” He reached over to cup Codi’s chin gently. “Of course, not all the information was false.” Paine answered in tone that sent shivers down Codi’s spine. The good kind. Paine laughed again with such gusto that Codi could not help but join in. “Alright, we’re here. We’ll park in visitors and go on in.”  
   Paine parked the SUV, gracefully got out and around the vehicle  like a commando wearing armani. He unlocked Codi’s door and held onto his arm with grace and gentleness but firm so no one could take him or harm him.  Just a few short steps and they were inside the building with Codi in front. They heard an older man’s voice.
   “Hello Paine, my son. Bring Codi inside, please.” Mr. White was seated once again behind the desk with Joe and Brandt seated in front on high back king edward chairs with another for Codi. 
   “Master Joe, Brandt” Codi nodded as he greeted his benefactors. “Hello Mr. White.” Codi’s voice shook with nervousness and turned around to see Paine closing the door and winking with his one good eye and smiling in support. ‘Well, if Paine was calm, winking and smiling at me, this couldn't be all bad.’ he thought.
   Master Joe and Brandt each had strained smiles on their faces but were still friendly. Mr. White waited until Codi sat down to begin.
   “Mr. Wilson, I understand your confusion at being called to my office,” The elderly Mr. White stated, “However, I talked the Mr.’s Ballard into a perfunctory background check on you.” Codi looked wide-eyed at the two men who still had strained smiles on their faces. 
   “You guys don’t trust me?” Codi felt hurt.
   “No, boy, we wouldn’t invite you into our home without trusting you. Mr. White just found...” Joe couldn’t finish the sentence, so Brandt did for his mate.
   “Just found a discrepancy in something.” Brandt said, clearly nervous and not wanting to accuse Codi of anything. 
   “You can blame, me, Mr. Wilson.” Mr. White said with such formality and confidence.
   “Please call me Codi, I hate the formality.” Codi spat out. “I’m sorry, that was rude of me, just the formal name has bad memories.” 
   “Codi it is then,” Mr. White smiled for the first time, “Gretchen, please bring in coffee for our guests.” He spoke into a phone at his desk. 
   “So then, Codi, why is it you hate the polite name?” Mr. White asked, full of geniality. He could see Joe and Brandt leaning forward as well. He swore their eyes were wide as puppy dogs, asking for a treat. 
   “My ex boyfriend, Gerry Edgewood, pronounced ‘Gary’, thought he was a businessman, and always greeted me as ‘Mr. Wilson’. Even in his shady dealings, I was referred to as his business associate, Mr. Wilson.” Codi explained, looking at the elderly lawyer.
   Just then Paine entered carrying a large serving tray with a huge fancy silver coffee serving set, complete with cream and sugar with four large china coffee mugs on delicate saucers. Setting them down, Paine gave a quick look to Codi and a small smile.
   “Thank you boy,” Mr. White said with some affection to Paine. Still the Vampire didn’t leave.
   “We’re not going to harm our boy after all we went through for him, Paine.” Joe spat out with a little venom. Codi turned around and gazed at the large, hairy man, whose frame seemed a little larger. Was it agitation? 
   “What is going on, then, Joe?” Codi specifically asked using the man’s given name. Joe’s gaze narrowed at Codi and he could see the man’s neck get bigger, which frightened the smaller man just a little. He shrunk in the large Edward chair. 
   “You’re scaring him, Wolf.” Paine’s canines drew down below his bottom lip. “You’re not the only one losing out here.” Brandt put his meaty hand on his Mate’s thigh, talking to him with some sort of eye language, until Joe shrank to his usual meaty mountain self. 
   “I’m sorry, Codi. You still don’t know what’s going on. I apologize.” Joe looked at Brandt for a few more seconds. “Go ahead Mr. White.” 
   Mr. White dismissed Paine, who left in a fury, Joe’s gaze returned to neutral and Brandt smiled at the lawyer.
   “About this ex-boyfriend, Mr. Gerry Edgewood,” Mr. White began, a little more in a formal tone, his lawyer voice, Codi thought. “Did you ever sign paperwork with the man?” 
   “Well, yes,” Codi answered suspiciously, “he said his business was set up in the European Union in such a way that outsiders had to have all paperwork signed by two people, the way he explained the reason to me.” 
   “And what kind of paperwork did you sign, Codi?” Mr. White asked, again in his formal lawyer tone.
   “There wasn’t many for me to sign, about ten pieces over a period of a year. We were together about five years, he started the European business two and a half years ago and he didn’t involve me until six months after first starting that.” 
   “What happened at that time?” Mr. White was looking like he was putting two and two together and getting ‘Codi is Guilty’. Over what, Codi didn’t know. He was getting nervous again.
   “What happened two years ago?” Codi repeated the question and looked off, “I got a research client, suddenly. That one that I can’t remember the work I did for.” He turned to Joe and Brandt, who were looking devastated. 
   “What’s going on?” Codi was terrified now, that he had done something by signing paperwork and taking on clients he didn’t remember.
   “You’ve done nothing wrong, Codi,” The lawyer was saying in a sort of new, mesmerizing tone now. He began to calm down. “Just your ex put you in some sort of legal binding contract.” 
   “What does that mean? All I did was sign paperwork so he could do business in Europe.” Codi voiced, in a nervous, quavering tone.
   “Codi,” Joe finally spoke, “we think Gerry stole percentages of businesses.”
   “Isn’t that impossible?” Codi knew nothing about businesses. “I always blanked out whenever Gerry got excited about businesses, shell corporations, stock, blah blah blah.” Mr. White sat up straighter, if at all possible.
   “Shell corporations, Codi?” He was now very interested, his fingers steepled under his chin.”
   “Yes, Gerry was going on about shell corporations that invested in stock under home corporations then something about switching terms.” He wondered why he was remembering so much. Codi’s gaze snapped up at Mr. White in recognition.
   “You’re Paine’s father, aren’t you?” Mr. White genuinely smiled and nodded. “Yes, much like Cole is Joe’s child.” He nodded at Joe, who somewhat blanched.  “Ah, you haven’t talked to Codi have you? Neither has his Mate, Cole?” 
   “Uhm...no, we didn’t want to scare him.” Joe answered to the floor. 
   “Are you just really big vampires, then?” Codi asked, confused. Out in the hallway, he could hear Paine guffawing uproariously and saw Mr. White’s lips move but no sound came out. Paine immediately stopped laughing but still heard him chuckling.
   “Ah, no, Codi,” Brandt replied, softly, grinning down at him. He moved his chair closer to Codi and took his hand, “Remember that talk we had about Master Joe, Alpha’s, Betas and pups? Well, those are the terms for a Wolf Pack, like I said. The reason is we’re all Wolves, Codi.” Bradt explained softly and gently as he could. “We’re still the same big guys you like, especially Cole. Remember how you ran to him that first day from between the alleyways? He’ll always watch out for you and protect you from harm. Even from Gerry.” Brandt added.
   “But, Gerry died somewhere in Europe, Brandt. As far as these shell corporations, I don’t know anything about them or stocks.” Codi said quickly.
   “Codi, it was one shell corporation and the rules are there has to be at least two people on the board. Gerry set up this shell corporation as BallEd Buccaneers, Inc.” Mr. White answered, showing everyone the paperwork he had faxed over to his office from The Netherlands, where all paperwork was filed. Right at the bottom was his and Gerry’s signatures.
   “He spelled ballad wrong.” Was all Codi said, still disbelieving and not quite understanding.
   Master Joe stood up, walked around the back of all three chairs and kneeled down beside Codi, his hand on Codi’s knee.
   “Codi, boy, look at the spelling again.” He pointed to the first part of the name. “Ball....Ballard.” Giving a significant look, “Ed...Edwards,” Codi now had a frightened look. Brandt put his arms around his shoulders. “Buccaneers, means pirate. Who do we know who was a pirate, Codi?”
   “NO!” Was all Codi could say. 
   “What we can see, plainly, was that your ex-boyfriend and, at least on paper, business partner, stole twenty five percent from the holdings of Ballard Corporation, Edwards Incorporated and Buccaneer International.”
   “So, that’s about eight percent each, Master Joe. Wait, you thought I stole it!” Codi tried standing up and getting away from his family, or at least he thought was his family. They kept a firm hold on him.
   “No, boy, twenty five percent, each.” Brandt stated as gently as he could, so Codi would listen. Unfortunately, he had.
   “Gerry stole all those stocks from three companies, then framed me for it and died? Why on earth wouldn’t he tell me about it? Well, I’ll just give it all back.” Codi gave an off-center smile, his eyebrows at war with one another.
   “Codi, the way international law is written, you can’t just give the money back. There were additional clauses written in.”
   “What do you mean, I can’t give them their stocks and money back? Isn’t it mine now? I choose to give it back!?” By now Codi’s voice was loud and angry. Angry at getting set up and angry at having to keep what wasn’t his. 
   “Child, calm yourself.” Mr. White now sounded like an upset grandfather, which made Codi calm down fast.
   “I’m sorry, Mr. White. So what can I do now?” He asked. 
   “The corporation is worth approximately four billion U.S. dollars. Since the stock is made up of three other companies and other stocks Gerry bought with what appeared was your money, so with him declared legally dead, you own the company since your name is on the paperwork and your actual money was used. He funnelled the money through various other means,” Stopping to let the delicately stated meaning penetrate their minds, “and into a mysterious medical think tank, based in Switzerland.
   Originally, the principal is under protection of the European Union. However, you can have the few millions of interest that has accrued and will accrue.” Mr. White gave a big grin, that looked a if it could tear huge chunks out of a cow. “What would you wish to do?” He smiled benignly.
   “Well, the only thing I can do,” He said softly, “Give the millions in interest to Ballad Corporation to invest for me.” He looked at Joe, who still towered above him, even kneeling down. Codi buried his face in between Joe’s neck and pecs. 
   “I’m sorry, Master Joe. I had no idea!” Codi’s tears started down his cheeks, dampening Joe’s neck and shirt. He didn’t mind at all. 
   “Oh, lil cub, I’m sorry I doubted you.” He hugged the little man close to his heart.  “And I’d be honored to watch over your money for you.”  
********
   “And he had no idea?” Tess asked first.
   “No and it was hard hearing his little heart breaking.” Paine admitted his sorrow for the little man, unusual for a hardened military man like himself.
   “Damn that Gerry. He used Codi’s innocence for his own gain. If that weasel was around, I’d rip his heart out!” Tess angrily replied and all the Clan Vampires groused along with her in the darkened Tavern. 
   “Actually, he may be nearby.” Cole said in plain sight to Paine and Tess. 
   “What do you mean, Wolf?” Paine tersely stated, grabbing the wolf by his shirtfront. 
   “I mean,” He peeled Paine’s hands off his shirt, snarling, “it looks like Gerry faked his death to get out from under suspicion with the Medical Think Tank, then put Codi’s name on all the paperwork. He’s made contact with Codi twice now, when he was out shopping. Could have been more times in the past year or two, before he found me and the pack.” Tess raised her eyebrows. “And the Clan.” Tess smiled and nodded in appreciation. Cole looked at Paine and gave a smirk.
   “What is that look for, Wolf?” 
   “Codi seems to have taken a shine to a certain, gentlemanly pirate with savoir faire.” Paine smirked back. 
   “Don’t know who that could be.” He swaggered off to wipe down and clean a table, pocketing the tip. 
   “So, not only is his criminal ex-boyfriend after him now for the stocks and money, Edwards is after Codi because of some research he may have found that could...what? Incriminate him? Harm him?”
   “Implicate him in Last Winter’s War? The Paranormal Council in Germany is quite interested in Edwards, anyway.” Paine added to the conversation from a few tables away. 
   “Who else is in the council?” Cole asked, not really into politics, but if they could harm Codi, he wanted to know.
   “Well, a majority of creatures, Cole, not only Vampires, Wolves, there’s pixies,”
Tess started explaining.
   “Nasty little creatures They’ll stab their own children if it makes them stronger or richer.” Paine spat out.
   “Date go wrong, eh pirate?” Cole smirked, earning him a wet rag on his neck from the Vampire. “Not so much a gentleman, now, hey, Pirate?” He ducked as a plate screamed by and embedded in the far wall. 
   Tess glared at Paine and continued, “Anyway, there’s Brownies, Fairies, Wood Elves, Trolls, among others.” 
   “Bet you didn't know there were different types of Trolls, eh, Wolf?” Paine asked, quite smug with himself.
   “I did know of three of the Troll races: Mountain, Forest and Stone,  from Last Winter’s War.” Cole didn’t want to sound uninformed in front of this warrior legend, Paine, “Paine in the...”
   “Now that we’ve discussed the council,” Tess interrupted the oncoming argument, “We can get on with why Gerry and Edwards are after Codi, for real.” She glared each at Cole and Paine. “And Cole, you can take out the trash. From all three levels of the club.” Upon seeing Paine’s smugness at Cole’s doing demeaning work, Tess drew her gaze on him. 
   “And Paine, you can start by filling in all those holes you caused in the walls, downstairs, here AND upstairs.” He quickly lost his smirk and started for the stockroom for wood filler. 
   Tess looked at one of the tall, nordic female Vampires who had stopped listening to her friend discussing a new fashion and grinned at her, joining their table. 
   “A good compromise ensures no one is happy.” She grinned and joined the fashion police discussing the latest fashions from  Hollywood to London to Milan.
********
   A pitcher of beer flew overhead and shattered on the far wall. A growl bit through the air followed by a chair splintering where the wet stain was on the wall. 
   “If you break any more of my restaurant, I’ll notify Edwards he can’t control his Wolves and I’ll make a report to the Wolf Council President here in State!” A rough masculine voice yelled at the two disheveled men who were resembling Werewolves from bad Early American Television. “Then he’ll make a formal complaint to the Wolf Council in Germany and I’ll cosign!” His gaze would have frightened the most hardened Rogue Wolf in the state and the two rough wolves were no different.
   “My apologies, Jonsey, we’ll pay for the damage, eh?” Hayes suggested, peeling hundreds off a roll of bills. Turner was cleaning up the mess on the floor, sweeping the pile of broken detriment out the side door of the hidden wolf ale house in the countryside over in Kitsap County. 
   Upon seeing the mess cleaned up and a few hundred dollars in his pocket, he genially poured another pitcher of beer and added a large bucket of some sort of meat in a red sauce, presumably bbq sauce, at their table. 
   “watch your temper, fellas.” He added darkly and disappeared behind a door in the back.
   “How does that fucking little shit have such golden luck?” Turner spit out his words along with a claw from the mouthful of meat he tore off a bone. 
   “I was sure surprised at Harris’ defending the guy.” Hayes was brooding at getting his ass kicked weeks before. “We’ll never get close enough to get him now. He’s either with one of the Pack or one of the Clan.” Hayes downed a glass of the Ale and poured another. 
   “Edwards is about to split his gut with anger. He’s putting out a hit on the man but no one will go against the Ballard Pack or Midnight Clan. He wants to push up our attack.” 
   “Pushing it up will cause mistakes but people and creatures are wanting the product or their money.” Hayes grabbed another chunk of meat, ripping a mouthful. 
   The door opened, they squinted against the elements outside and a hunched over furry man loped over to their table.
   “Turner...Hayes.” The new stranger greeted, helping himself to the mystery bone-in meat. With one swipe of his tooth-filled muzzle, the bone was clean of any meat. The light overhead buzzed a bit and shone brighter, throwing the stranger in some detail. He was a half-formed Wolf, standing on two wolf legs, upper body of a man with a wolf’s muzzle the lower half with human eyes.
   “We were ambushed the other day,” He looked at Turner right in the eyes. Turner shuddered under his skin, giving off nothing in his outer appearance. Even he knew not to turn his back on a Rogue Wolf. They were too unstable and unreliable. They were known to turn at the drop of a hat, inside or outside a full moon. That was the reason his half-wolf appearance now-he couldn’t turn full wolf or full human now.
   “Sorry to hear it, Brother, but what’s that got to do with us or Edwards?” He narrowed his eyes and tried looking vindictive.
   “Edwards promised the moon, brother” the half-wolf slithered out the words, leaning over and grabbing Hayes’ ale. He slugged down half the mug and evilly grinned.  “Thanks, brother.”
   “Don’t mention it, keep it.” Hayes sneered and raised his hand for another. 
   “What happened?” Turner inquired, leaning back in his seat, trying to give off an air of nonchalance.
   “The damn bloodsuckers attacked us in the last full moon.” He spat out, along with a few grains of the mystery meat. Hayes took a napkin and brushed the detritus off his shirt.
   “Surely you Rogues are all badass and killed them all.” Turner sneered, mindless of the short temper of the other wolf.
   “True they left the party with four fewer members, but they took out six of ours.” He reached up and lightly slapped Turner’s face, who grimaced.
   “As you know, Edwards’ folly last winter decimated our loosely held pack. We’re down in numbers and just wanted to let you know we’re out.” He leaned back and gave his own evil grin.  Turner’s face blanched.
   “Yah, see, brother, we’re tired of being Edwards’ disposable boys. We’re only out for ourselves. If there’s extra, we share, otherwise, to each their own.” He drank the rest of Hayes’ ale he stole. “Then Edwards takes and takes, giving nothing.
   Turner’s face turned beet red himself, in a blazing glory of anger. 
   “You call five hundred grand nothing?” He squeezed out his tight chest. Edwards had given the loosely gathered Rogue pack half a million to join him in Last Winter’s War, never minding what Edwards’ had thought he was doing was right. 
   “You see, that didn’t go far with us. True, we don’t need much, but even Rogue Wolves need something to fall back on.” He stood up, nodded and left the Wolf bar.
   Turner leaned back in a huff. Hayes stared with unbelieving eyes.
   “Well shit.” Turner stated. 
   “One less ally. You’ll have one hell of a report for Edwards.” He grinned at his pack mate, “Just be glad it’s over the phone,” Hayes finished his second ale, “and he’s crushing the burners and not your skull.”
   Sometimes Turner really hated Hayes.
********
   After a good scrubbing down of Tessa’s Tavern, on all three levels, instigated by the Clan members that were in attendance, Cole and Paine had calmed down and were civil towards each other again.
   “Well, the old Tavern has never looked better, boys.” Tessa claimed with much glee, echoed by a few brave, older Vampires. 
   “The boys are welcome to clean the High Heel anytime.” Zad declared, slapping each man on the back, earning glares and snarls. Zad just laughed, looking at the cleaner walls and mopped floors. 
   “And in record time.” Tessa’s grin held promise of more cleaning if the two knocked heads again. 
   “At least it’s over with. That’s why we have new Vampires, Tess, to do the cleaning.” Paine groused. 
   “And why was I punished here?” Cole was put off that the Vampire was allowed to mete out such demeaning punishment. He had received the same at Ballard House for infractions, but that was Master Joe’s domain.
   “Joe and I came to an agreement, to watch out for each other’s fledglings.” Tessa gave a wide, cheshire cat grin that no one was sure to miss. “That includes punishments.”  Looked at the two men again as they sat down to have a beer. 
   “Don’t get too comfortable, boys,” They heard from the door, the scent of Cole’s Alpha was prominent with displeasure, “You have a whole house to clean and repair. There’s fifteen bedrooms, twenty bathrooms, three levels, plus a workout room that has many dings in the walls and floors.” Joe looked around the main floor of Tessa’s Tavern. 
   “Looks like someone did a great job repairing the nicks here. My house is a two-man job, right Cole?” His eyes were burning into Cole who wished to disappear into the floor, right to the basement. Paine wasn’t looking too happy either.
   “So I have to clean after a bunch of dogs?” Paine stood angrily, spilling some beer from his mug onto the table. “Just for slightly disagreeing with the mutt here?” Paine’s lip curled in a sneer.
   Tess stood up very quietly and walked to Paine very slowly. Only the clipping of her thigh high heeled boots were heard across the floor. 
   “No, not just for causing a scene in my home.” Paine’s adam apple could be seen bobbing up and down. “I understand you were besmirching my name today.” She let one long fingernail grow and drew it under Paine’s neck, stopping at the now thump-thump-thump of his neck vein. 
   “No, milady, I would never cause you undue...” He didn't get the chance to finish before another nail grew, right next to his neck.
   “Did you or did you not gleefully laugh that our allies, the Ballard Wolf Pack, could never be as powerful as the Midnight Vampire Clan?” She arched a singular perfect eyebrow. A single drop of sweat followed a crease down  the middle of his forehead.
   He figured there was really no good response to the question and wisely didn’t say anything. 
   “Good, you will enjoy Master Joe’s hospitality while you help Cole clean the mansion.” 
   “Boys,” Master Joe, nodded, stood sideways at the door so they could walk solemnly to the SUV Brandt was holding for them. By the time Brandt drove off with the two, Tess had a bottle of Scotch waiting at Joe’s booth in the back along with two tumblers.
   Tess sighed. 
   “Well boys, what do you have to say for yourselves?” Brandt asked from the front seat to the back, where they were seated side by side. Brandt was chuckling and shaking his head side to side. “You two numbskulls really stepped in it this time.” He looked in the rearview mirror and smirked. “Two mansions to clean, all because of your little mouths that can’t contain those tongues.” 
   The two young looking men were giving sour looks that could scorch the back of the seats they were behind.  “what were you thinking, boys?”
   “I didn’t think Tess really took to heart our little teasing.” Paine spit out between his lips that resembled a white line of hate.
   “DId you really think Tess would let you badmouth good allies, Paine? And Cole, I thought your temper was under control these days.”
   “We were just teasing.” Cole whined as his inner wolf’s ears were laid back and his tail between his legs in humiliation.
   “Cole, Paine, did you stop to think that you were downgrading the allies in front of others? There could have been spies there and reported back that there was a rift between Ballard and Midnight! They could have started opening the perceived divide, pitting Vampire against Wolf! This is unnecessary!” He was getting angry that the two veteran paranormal creatures didn’t think ahead of time.
   “I....I didn’t think of that, Beta Brandt.” Cole replied in a small voice.
   “Don’t start with the pup voice now, Cole. You’re old enough to know better.” He pointedly gave his fellow Beta a stern look, “And Paine, you’re a seasoned Veteran Warrior. I had thought you were above this petty arguing. And in front of your Leader!” He gave the Vampire another stern look, as he would give a new pup at the house.  Paine looked duly aggrieved and didn't say anything.
   “Paine has reverted to his early years. I had thought these incessant little fights were over.” She shook her red mane in exasperation.
   “Cole still young, I’m sure his immaturity is setting Paine off.” Joe swallowed the single finger shot down. 
   “They’ll learn to hold their tongues or clean the entire town.” Tess laughed and Joe joined in.
   “At least they both have Codi’s best interest at heart.” Joe stated
   “But they both have to learn to keep personal opinions out of business. Why can’t they be more like us?” Tess asked the moot question. Joe laughed.
   “Because they’re our children, Tess.”  He took her hand and she squeezed back. “Parents wonder throughout their whole lives. All we can do is teach and hope they don’t chew the covers.” He got a serious look on his face. “Besides, I’m wondering why Cole nor any of the other Vampires or Wolves at the stores couldn’t smell Codi’s ex, Gerry. That’s twice now that an enemy has gotten by, unscented by either of our families.”
   “Once at the Edmond’s ferry dock and recently at the two stores. Or do you think Codi could have imagined seeing or hearing Gerry?” 
   “No, both Derric and Ransome, my other two Betas, questioned eyewitnesses and they recalled seeing someone nearby Codi that matches his description and old photographs.” 
   “That is so odd, Joe,” Tess poured each another glass. She was deep in thought. “Do you think that Codi found a way for Edmonds’ people to go unscented?” 
   “It’s either that, or he found another partner.” Joe shrugged and ran a meaty hand through his short hair. “Oh, Codi wanted to give you a percentage of the interest from the stolen stocks.  He’s miserable and in hiding that his ex stole twenty five percent of your holdings.”
   “Poor man, we really didn’t even notice the loss, really. Much like your corporation and holdings, we diversify as Mr. White advises. So all Gerry stole was a small percentage of one little business. Most of the loss was taken by Edwards and Codi himself. If it makes him feel better, tell him to reinvest in both our companies.”
   “Mr. White’s background check discovered Gerry stole about a hundred grand from Codi’s share of their joint account a few years ago.” He sniffed the Scotch and sipped. “He had a larger client the year before who kept him busy and really paid off for him. Although, Mr. White can’t figure out how Gerry turned about three million dollars into four billion in just two years before going undercover.”
   “Whatever it is, we can be sure it was underhanded.” She turned to the stained glass behind the bar, deep in thought again. “We also know both Gerry and Edwards are desperate. Gerry for the money, after all, he’s been dead for a year, officially. He’s crawled out from  under whatever rock he was under.” She turned her gaze to Joe. 
   “Is he paranormal?” 
   “No, he’s just an underhanded human who Codi was unfortunate enough to be in a relationship with for a few years.” Joe muttered, slamming the scotch back again. Tess poured another, knowing Joe’s fast Wolf metabolism wouldn’t let him get drunk. 
   “Something’s off about this whole thing, Joe. He couldn’t have made so much money in such a short amount of time.” Tess tapped her long, painted nails, the perfect match for her naturally red hair. “I think Edwards approached Joe, knowing he was underhanded, probably through another deal. Word gets around, you know.”
   Joe perked up, picking up the thread of conversation. “Edwards has been working on something for the past two years, then last Winter’s War failed. We never found out what that was all about, just that he lost the battle and retreated. Then suddenly he’s after Codi to kill him followed by his ex appearing in town. They’re both nervous about something.” 
   “Or someone,” Tess countered, “Isn’t it odd, that now, out of the woodwork, Codi is at the center of two separate actions? His research that he can’t remember...”
   “And suddenly coming into billions of dollars.”
   “What two fields in history, have made the most money?” Tess filled both tumblers again. 
   Joe swirled the amber liquid, watching the waves run around the sides of the glass. “Medicine and War.” He grimaced.
   “Now our Clan and Pack are running into strangers they can’t scent or track?” Tess quirked an eyebrow, a mask falling over her face.
   ‘And Codi is right in the middle of it.”
   Both finished the bottle of Scotch.

CHAPTER SEVEN
   While Paine and Cole were down to the last room, the workout room at the end of the west wing of Ballard House, they had learned to get along better without snarking. 
   “Out of all of your long years,” Cole bit out, “and all the wars you’ve been in, how is it you can’t hold your tongue?” Cole sprayed another free weight and started scrubbing the years of prints off.
   “No one irritates me more than a bunch of dogs.” Paine bit back, just wanting to get the Wolf’s ire. 
   Cole stopped and gave Paine a smile. “Is that your way of apologizing for laughing at us or for trying to cut my head off?” He smirked. Paine tried to hide a smile and was washing the opposite wall with a blood cleaning agent. 
   Just then they heard Cook walking down the end of the hallway and  a few seconds later she walked in with a huge tray of sandwiches and coffee.
   “Hello Cook, what you have there?” Cole politely asked. It was good form to keep on Cook’s good side. Which was why he always volunteered to help clean after meals.
   “I thought you boys would be hungry by now. Afterall, you’ve been cleaning for hours now.” She smile a big smile, putting sandwiches in towers and separating the mugs for the coffee. 
   “That’s mighty nice of, ma’am.” Paine stated, giving her one of his best smiles, minus the sharp teeth.
   “You’re welcome, Joe and Tess both said to treat you like one of the family, so I just thought you both would be famished by now.” She took the time to look around the workout room.
   “My, you two are a a dynamo together! You each know what the other is doing without looking or asking. You’re a real team!” She beamed at them and left the room.
   “Well, I guess that was Joe and Tessa’s reason all along.” Paine smiled, helping himself to one of the leftover roast beef and cheddar sandwiches and a mug of black coffee. Cole was eating one of the roast chicken and swiss sandwiches himself and smiled.
   “Who knew we would get this far.” 
   “Not I, that’s for sure.” Paine admitted, “Although I get along fine with Derric.” He couldn’t help needling his new friend. 
   “Derric gets along with everyone.” Cole admitted. 
   “How long has he and Ransome been mated?” Paine inquired, eating a second sandwich.
   “Over twenty five years, I think,” Cole answered, “Ransome is a big flirt, so it would take someone as easygoing as Derric to put up with him.” Cole growled out the last sentence unknowningly.  Paine picked up at once and teasted.
   “Oh, has Ransome been flirting with your little man, Wolf?” He smiled, showing his canines.
   Cole snarled back leaning forward.
   “Codi is MY Mate, and Ransome just railroads over my claim to stake him for their own amusement.” He growled again and Paine laughed.
   “So, you’ve told Codi, in no uncertain terms that he’s yours, then? Everyone knows that but you, Wolf.” He laughed again and turned back to cleaning old blood stains off the wall, leaving Cole speechless with half a roast beef sandwich out his mouth, hanging on a bottom canine that had sprouted up.
   “Where is Codi, by the way?” Paine turned the conversation to a somewhat safer subject.
   “In his office. He’s got another client, this time researching condos for investments.” Cole answered with a shrug. 
   “Sounds boring.” Paine admitted and Cole nodded in agreement. 
   At the center of the house, Codi was deep in research mode, with his sliding glass door open, enjoying a fall breeze and enjoying the aroma of another of Cook’s dinners. He could hear clinking and muted conversation and farther out from the house, the dull murmur of some sort of outdoor equipment Ransome was using on one of the fields. He knew Cole and Paine were at the other end of the house on work duty as punishment and grinned a bit. Those two were so alike they couldn’t get along. 
   “I do hope that smile was for me.” He heard behind him at the sliding door at the small patio attached to his office. Whipping around there was none other than Gerry Edgewood. 
   Gerry was lounging on one of the two white and yellow chaises that were surrounded by yellow forsythia bushes on the edge of the patio, his feet on a concrete and red steel fire pit. Codi felt around his computer keyboard for the letter opener that had a Wolf’s head on the end with the blade made of the canines of the Wolf’s jaw. 
   “You should have called,” Codi tried levelling his voice into a pool of calm, “I’d have Cook prepare some appetizers. Do you still enjoy a Pinot Noir?” He pivoted the office chair so he was facing the now standing ex, just inside the office, behind the desk. 
   “I knew you remembered.” Gerry swaggered towards Codi, who put the opener under one thigh while the arrogant man leaned over to place a kiss on the top of his head. Codi shivered in revulsion. He stood up when Gerry walked to the center of the room with his back to the patio. Codi thought he felt a breeze and turned around to the patio. Seeing nothing, he walked to the side of his desk and leaned slightly with one hip. 
   “Oh, there’s a lot that’s been wiped, but I’ll never forget how you used me.” Codi’s voice was level as possible, betraying no hint of anger.
   “Oh, the memory wipe, well that was needed, Edwards said.” Gerry gestured carelessly while gazing at some abstract art work, “You’ve got it made here, Codes.” Gerry’s voice had that slimey quality that ensured some scam was headed his way. 
   “I’ve been very fortunate, Ger, I have people who actually look out for me and have my best interests at heart.” 
   “Oh don’t be bitter, Codes,” he replied silkily, “sarcasm doesn’t become you.”
   “What does become me, Ger? Innocence? Gullibility? Getting scammed?” Codi scented Midnight and Sunshine along with Burnished Copper, Cedar Shavings from the hallway. He wondered if Gerry could as well. How had he snuck up on a house and property full of Wolves and a Vampire?
   “How did you sneak up on this property?” He quizzed, feeling the letter opener pierce his jeans on the back of his thigh. 
   “That? That’s a scent masker Edwards and I developed, with many thanks to you, my dear Codes.” Gerry smirked, his fingers trailing on one of the bookshelves that Cole had filled with priceless statues. “You really do have a talent for research. Edwards was certain you have some Goblin in you, with your ability to uncover hidden secrets.”
   Codi could barely contain his anger and disdain. He could not wait for the Wolves and Vampire to come in the room. Codi took two or three steps and was right in front of Gerry, now facing the other wall and gazing at a portrait of a girl sitting in a field wearing a depression era dress, looking at a large farmhouse in the distance. 
   “Woah, Codes, what’s this about. You’re not man enough to do anything with that letter opener.” Gerry laughed gleefully, reaching up to remove the letter opener Codi had at his throat. Codi surprised his criminal ex by pressing the point of one of the Wolf’s canine’s into the now pulsing man’s neck. 
   Codi leaned forward and whispered on the other side of Gerry’s neck. 
   “I hate you, Ger.” He leaned forward and licked the man’s neck, from his clavicle to his ear, along the now terrified intruder. 
   Out in the hallway, the three Wolves and lone Vampire were crowded along the wall, opposite the Wolf Den and beside the door to Codi’s office. They were whispering so low and out of human range that they knew Gerry didn't know they were outside. They knew Codi had scented them.
   “A Goblin?” Cole asked, a bit surprised. “Master Joe, did you know?” 
   “No, but the ability to discover things makes solid sense now.” Joe whispered back. “Does that make a difference to you, pup?” Looking at his Beta with understanding.
   “Of course not, Master, I’m just surprised, is all. I didn’t feel or scent a thing before.” 
   “An Goblin has the ability to mask themselves against humans, but rare for other paranormal creatures.” Brandt stated, listening to Codi’s rapidly beating heartbeat and scenting fear with hate in the room.
   “I’m more concerned with Codi stabbing that degenerate right now,” Paine replied, “Codi’s an innocent and a death would harm his soul.” Cole swiveled his head to Paine and a frown darkened his face. 
   “We won’t let that happen, Cole, but we’re all too close to Codi to make a difference. He respects Paine and will listen.” Master Joe replied knowing what was coming. 
   Cole’s face turned a darker shade and his ears began lengthening, straining now to hear what taunts Gerry was giving.  
   “He’s MY Mate!” He growled and snarled, almost running into the room. Any sudden movement would cause Codi to stab Gerry’s neck, killing him instantly. Brandt and Joe were holding Cole’s arms to his side, pinning him to the wall. Paine turned to face Cole, placing his hands on his friend’s shoulders. 
   “Do you trust me, Wolf?” 
   Cole’s features were in a state of flux, halfway between wolf and man. 
   “It’s a week from the full Moon, Cole, you can’t turn yet. You’ll be too unstable. Do we need to take you to the basement?” The basement was where unstable half-turned Wolves were taken to either finish the transformation and be watched or stop and return to a human state. Cole was struggling. He finally nodded to Paine, taking every ounce of self-control to return to a human state. His ears were still pointed like a wolf but he was now calmer. 
   “Codi, remove the knife from Gerry’s neck!” Paine demanded as he calmly walked into the room. Codi pivoted back to the other side of Gerry so he could look at Paine while holding the letter opener at the man’s neck. Gerry’s eyes were wild with fear. 
    “Oh my god, you’re the Warrior Vampire, Paine!” Gerry began sweating more heavily now, filling the room with fear. Paine inhaled deeply, giving a creepy smile to the terrified man. “Edwards explained all the Vampires and Wolves to me, but I never really thought you were real.” 
   “Codi, give me the knife.” Paine used his Paranormal hypnosis to try and break Codi’s concentration. Codi turned a tear stained face to the Vampire he respected.
   “But he did all those horrible things! Stole your leader’s stocks! Took money from Master Joe, aided Edwards in making me do research to mask scents then wiping my memory! How can you ask such a thing.” Codi’s voice wavered with betrayal.
   “I imagine you and Edwards owe a lot of people a lot of money, Edgewood.” Paine spat the words out, smiling now, showing his elongated and narrowed Vampire’s canine teeth, much like the Wolve’s canines. His were sharpened to puncture veins whereas a Wolf’s canines were thicker and meant to rip and tear flesh.
   Gerry blanched a bit but still gave a defiant look. 
   “We did over-promise a bit but in the end the luck was with us. We got a product ready for the market, the stock boomed, all thanks to a bit of research and backers who had no idea.”
   Paine smiled at the bedeviled man, a smile that didn't reach his eyes. 
   “You were going to steal the four billion dollars and leave Edwards in the lurch, holding an empty bag.” Paine grinned widely, “I can appreciate the double cross, Edgewood.” 
   “All I needed was to break Codi enough to sign the paperwork, giving BallEd back to me.” He smirked, causing more silent tears to run down Codi’s face. “Edwards tried pushing the envelope, by paying those landlords to make his life hell.”
   Gerry laughed and looked down at Codi’s misery. 
   “You always were a pathetic little pansy ass, Codes.” Gerry’s eyes gleamed. Paine saw Codi’s back muscles tense and his right arm move a millimeter to shove the extra sharp letter opener through the degenerate man’s neck. 
   “CODI, NO!” Paine moved faster than light could catch him, while he yelled, picking up Codi and twisting him sideways so the knife’s edge pushed harmlessly in the air. At that exact moment, Gerry made to run out the room to the front door. Except, Master Joe burst into the room and bear hugged Gerry but not in a warm and inviting way like he did his Mate and pups. A burst of fur followed with Brandt’s arms still an iron grip around Cole’s body, holding him at bay. 
   Cole’s Wolf howled and snarled, trying to tear the man’s throat out that had threatened his Mate’s life. 
   “Take Codi to Cook, she’ll know what to do.” Master Joe ordered Paine, who knew to follow the Alpha’s order just as he would his own Mistress's orders. Joe turned to Brandt. “Take Cole to the basement and put him in a room. We can’t take the chance now, he’s not turned at the right time.” Brandt disappeared in a wisp with the struggling half-turned Wolf howling, snarling and trying to rip and tear his way out. 
********
   “We’ll have to set a trap.” Paine explained to the entire group.
   Joe saw the reasoning, more so than Brandt and nodded. About half an hour later, they were back at Tessa’s Tavern, this time seated at the bar on tall bar stools, seemingly chatting with Tess and Paine about the weather. 
   “God Damn.” Whistled Tess, looking around and shaking her head at various clan members, deterring questions. “Who knew your tiny little man was such a big threat to Edwards.” She said, a bit in awe that Codi was so powerful. 
   “Of course we’ll watch Codi tonight, whether here or your place.  Whichever you prefer, Joe.” Tessa leaned over and placed a light kiss on Brandt’s tear stained cheek first, then Joe’s stoic stone face. “You boys and the pack will need to burn off some steam, assuming you’ll tell them what Edwards was up to?” 
   “Yes, the Wolves and pups deserve to know that someone they like has been marked for murder. They’ll want to tear those landlords, Gerry and all of Edwards’ people to bits, regardless of the treaty.” The Vampires in the room began buzzing, wanting to join in because they also believed in protecting the innocent. And after knowing what Edwards was doing to Codi, there was no doubt the little guy was innocent. 
   “We’ll have Paine bring him down here, I assume you have rooms in the basement?” Joe knew, but wanted Tessa to reiterate how well-protected Codi would be without any of the Wolves and his intended Mate, Cole. Cole would be another matter entirely, but knew he trusted the tall, deceptively thin Vampire, Paine. Just knowing he was watching over his Mate would make all the difference.
   “Yes, we’ll all be here until closing, around one am, I’ll take Codi downstairs to show him the apartments then use my hypnosis to make him sleep.” Paine explained, for Brandt and Joe, as well as the Vampires in the tavern. There were many heads nodding in agreement.  “And some will stay up here inside and I’ll have patrols around the building and neighborhood, in case Edwards has spies around.” The Warrior ended his longest speech that Tessa could remember, reminding her and the Wolves his specialty during the last war.
********
   “Just for tonight, Codi.” Joe explained softly so the little man wouldn’t get upset. Codi barely nodded his assent. “We need to go run wild for the night, the pups have been restless.  Surely you noticed at both breakfast and dinner today? You know we would never hurt you or allow harm to come to you through anyone we know.” 
   “We promise to explain more tomorrow, little buddy,” Brandt used the endearing term that Joe had used before. “Tess and Paine will watch over you, Cole will be with us and the pups. Remember, Joe is the Alpha, Cole and I are Betas, so wherever he goes, we follow.  Understand?” He used a little of his Wolf hypnosis to calm Codi.  Cole was bright eyed, looking at Paine with understanding. Joe had given a brief explanation and that had been enough for Cole’s and the other two Beta’s Wolves to burst forth, wanting revenge.  But after carefully handling the three, Brandt and Joe had succeeded in explaining why the night’s run with the entire pack was needed.
   “Ok, here Tessa and Paine will keep watch, Ok?” Joe asked softly but meaning a command, so subtle that Codi didn’t realize. His life had been chaos the past months, after getting chased by Edwards’ men, then putting up with his landlord’s final assault and relocating to a stranger’s house with a pack of wolves, finally the showdown with his ex. Tessa put her hand on Codi’s shoulder and nodded to Joe. Both Joe and Brandt gently caressed Codi’s face before leaving with Cole at the door. Cole didn't trust himself to say anything. The other two Beta’s were back at the house explaining that the pack needed to meet in the Morning Room.
   Conversation returned to a dull buzz around the Tavern, humans would enter and leave, playing the games, talking and drinking.  All the while Paine and Tessa stood watch over Codi.  During one busy time, Codi was staring at Paine with great interest.  After a twenty minute rush, Paine casually walked to Codi with a House Ale, Tressa listening from another table of Vampires. 
   “So what have you concluded, little human?” Paine inquired with his eyes almost glowing. 
   “I’m still confused what Edwards has against me.” Codi answered quietly and confused. “All I know how to do is research.  How is that harmful?” Asking while looking at Paine for answers. 
   “You know what the Ballard Pack is...” He left off.
   “Yes, Werewolves.” Codi answered.  “So that means Edwards has a pack as well? Up in the next county?” 
   “Yes, little one,” Paine concurred, “He feels you have information that could either help or hurt him, like the scent masker. Plus, Joe’s pack needed to burn off some of this excess energy.  They’ll go to their northern property and run wild.  Meanwhile, you are our guest.” He gestured to the room, at large, Tessa nodding and more patrons nodded as well at Paine. 
   “Something from the research Edwards had me do but I am unable to remember in detail.  You guys are a little different from anyone else.” Codi leaned forward and whispered conspiratorially “You smell like Summer Sunshine.” Causing Paine to laugh with his whole body while several of the Vampires snickered nearby.
   “Oh little one, I haven’t seen the sunshine in eons!” He placed another Ale in front of Codi, removing the dead soldier. Just then the door burst open, nodding at Paine and heading for Tessa’s table. Paine nodded to another Vampire, who stood next to Codi.  “Codi, this is Eoghan, from Scotland. Maybe he can tell you more about your Motherland.” Eoghan stroked Codi’s hand that held the bottle of Ale without the latter noticing and began talking about Scotland and General Codi, for which the little man was named. 
   Paine rushed to the table to hear the tail end of the scouting report. 
   “...around the perimeter when Loghan scented Edwards’ men, then they just disappeared.” Loghan wiped his brow, not from any tiredness but from the dew that was dropping in the early evening.
   “So they can’t get at Codi, they’re shooting for the pack.” Tessa grimaced, took a swig of a dark black beer from the nether regions of Germany. “They’re upset they can’t break our defenses.” She stopped to take another gulp. “They would be fools to even try. But I have no doubt Joe, Brandt and the pack can defend themselves.” She spoke low but knew every Vampire there would be listening. “We’ll stick to the plan.” 
   Over at Ballard House earlier in the evening, Joe and Brandt physically escorted Cole out of the basement, into the Morning Room to sit with the pack, knowing they could calm him, now that the threat of Gerry had gone.
   “You deserve to see the copy of the note Edwards left for those landlords in regards to Codi.” Joe was still stone faced, Brandt unfolded a copy that Deputy Johnson had given them months earlier after they had cooled down enough to look human again after the earlier encounter. They were walking up the stairs the back way to the Morning Room where the entire pack, about fifty in total, were waiting.  They were confused upon seeing the other two Beta’s with red rimmed eyes and halfway turned to Wolves. 
   Cole stopped entirely outside the little entrance from the door that led from the garage that led as a segue to the Morning Room. He finished the note and let loose a heart wrenching howl and tore at his clothes, feeling boxed in, caged. All his wolf knew was that his Mate had been threatened.  The Wolves and pups started howling in turn, seeing their Beta distraught. Brandt held Cole close in a hug that would have crushed a normal man’s bones but held the human side of Cole in, just barely.
   “What you are seeing is the result of the coward Edwards’ handiwork.” Master Joe was now in charge, Wolves and pups were quiet and patently listening. 
   “Most of you know Codi now, especially Bill and Don.” The two perked up, wanting to know what happened to their new friend and Beta’s Mate. “Edwards has targeted our new friend with death for doing research he didn’t want Codi to remember. He contracted Codi to do research the past year, then tried to wipe his memory. Very sloppily, I might add, just like his style, ‘quick and dirty’. With Tessa’s and Paine’s help, Codi remembered a little of what he researched for Edwards.  The reason? We have no idea.”
   What we do know is he contracted this lowlife human couple to make Codi’s life miserable enough so he would either commit suicide or make his death look like an accident.” At this all the wolves began howling and yipping and growling in anger. “I knew this information would not keep quiet, so that is why i’m telling you now. Brandt and I explained a little to Codi earlier, he is safe and sound with the Vampire Clan at Tessas. Paine, personally is watching over our little friend.” 
   The Wolves and pups calmed down a bit after hearing that news, for they all remembered Paine’s as a strong and smart Warrior in the fight against Edwards, having lost an eye. Usually Vampires could regenerate a new organ or body part, but Edwards had used something in the bullets, some poison against Vampires. No one would tell Codi his research had been used for evil and they knew Neither Tessa nor Paine would tell or hold it against him. 
   “So are we gonna go blister Edwards’ hide or tear those landlords limb from limb?” Bill asked, clearly upset at the news, his Wolf’s fur already burgeoning from his face, chest and arms. Many other pups had started changing as well. No one wanted to hear that Edwards had marked their friend, Codi, with death. 
   “No, that is the reason for tonight’s run.  We head for the northern woods at the edge of the property. Head outside and get a clear run for the one hundred and twenty mile run!” Joe led the Wolves out the back of the house to a beautiful garden with hedges and flowers in a unique design, covering an acre behind the mansion. 
   All the men took off their clothes, basking in the moonlight from the full half moon. Cole was between Brandt and Joe, his back elongated, he bent over, growling and yipping.  His midnight black wolf fur shone brightly under the stars, looking at his Alpha. Both Alpha and his Mate had turned as well, Joe’s coat a thick dark brown tinged with silver and Brandt coat a shiny, wiry brown-blond. All over the acre garden was wolves in various stages of changing, lots of bones snapping, the rush of growing fur and snarling of muzzles exercising.
   A lusty wolf’s howl rent the night, a streak of silver led the pack on a race to expend the hurt, anger and energy.  Afterwards, they would meet to more clearly see the problem with new information and a more centered plan of action. Each wolf was left to his own pace but each in their place in the pack. Joe’s Wolf led a fast pace and knew most of the pups couldn’t keep up but would try their best. Brandt was almost equal with his Mate, a head behind, enjoying the clear night.  Cole was on the other side of his Alpha, a head behind and the other two Betas were behind the three, neck and neck. 
   The other Wolves and pups were stationed behind in order of rank.  Cole lifted his muzzle and gave a loud, long cry of vengeance, which was echoed by the other Wolves and remaining pups, it became a round of battle cries. Joe nipped at Cole’s muzzle in brotherhood and they continued the race. 
   After an hour or so of racing, Joe lifted his snout and scented a familiar presence.  In fact, there were two. Turner and Hayes.  They had set the trap and were waiting for them. Just then were cries of pain from the pups and other Wolves. Joe and Brandt stopped and the pack stopped. Looking behind, they could all see several of both Danae’s Nightmare Vampires and a few of Edwards’ Wolf Pack, whose scents were masked with humans, had set some sort of net that had captured most of the pack, leaving the two leaders, with the other three betas. Directly in front of them was Turner and Hayes, in Wolf form, snarling, showing their teeth.
   How did they mask the Vampires scents with humans and their own scents from the now captured pack? Now wasn’t the time to ask questions, now was the time for action.  For Codi. Joe gave a vicious growl, slunk low and Turner responded in kind. They circled, as if saying this is just between the two and the winner determines the outcome. Brandt, Cole and the other two Betas watched, as did Hayes and another unknown Wolf. 
   One of the Vampires was shouting instructions to another one and suddenly one of the Beta’s went down. Joe turned in horror and saw a dart sticking out his Beta’s haunches, Derric, it looked like.  He had been sedated. Taking advantage of the Alpha’s attention turned elsewhere, Turner lunged forward, opened his maw widely and bit down on the Alpha’s front leg, causing a break. With the Alpha down, Brandt sprung immediately into action, nipping at Cole and the remaining Beta to stay back.  This was his fight now. 
   With Turner rearing back to take another bite at the Alpha’s neck, Brandt sprung forward with his jaws open wide at the enemy’s neck and with a growl, ripped the throat out, killing him instantly. Hayes ran to the fight where Cole and the other Beta stopped him from any action. The current fight was over. The Ballard Pack had won. Cole nipped at Hayes’ neck from the back, pulling the fur and skin off his body, meaning he was defeated. He yipped in pain, fear and instead of showing submissiveness as was due, he turned tail and ran.
   Halfway to the Vampires with the nets, Hayes changed back to his human self and yelled to hurry to the helicopters  They dropped the nets, leaving Wolves and pups alike entangled together like fish with no way out. Joe, Brandt, Cole and the other Beta changed back to human, Joe issuing orders, holding his arm together. Cole and the other man freed all the Wolves and issued the order to change back. The other Beta, Ransome, carried the now changed sedated Wolf back with the pack for the sixty mile hike back. 
   Since they were wolves, they could cover ground faster than normal humans. The Wolves used the net as a travois with two narrow young trees laying in the forest to take Turner’s body back to the complex. Joe suggested one of the barns and two of the pups volunteered. After thirty five minutes, the two pups had secured Turner’s body, Brandt had called Doc to truss up Joe’s arm, so the Wolf’s healing could heal the Alpha’s arm faster. Wolves could heal four times faster than a human, but with an arm almost shattered by the enemy wolf’s bite, Joe would still take almost a month. 

CHAPTER EIGHT
   The mood was subdued at Ballard House, with the Alpha injured and his Mate making the killing bite, the Wolves were happy that the threat was over but upset that Brandt had to carry the emotional baggage. 
   “Pack,” Alpha Joe began, in his booming, authoritative deep voice., “I am sincerely proud of all of you!  We were ambushed by an enemy, illegally threatened and detained, but you held calm in the face of danger. Not knowing what they enemy could do, you held firm. That they cheated shows just how desperate they are, indeed.”
   We avenged our friend Codi Wilson, who was the target of the Alpha Edwards. Our Vampire friend, Paine is here to bring us up to date.” He bowed in mutual understanding to the Lithe, Blond Vampire, aware of his status in Battle and making the pack aware of how valuable an ally they were.
   “Thank you Master Joe.” He bowed back to Joe and then Brandt, then nodded his head to Cole whose face was unreadable. 
   “We successfully protected our friend, Codi Wilson, who remains at the safehouse under Tessa’s Tavern. The two enemy wolves tried to breach our defence but unsuccessfully.  As you know, they disappeared out of thin air when my security team tried to capture them.” Paine spat out at the failure of his team.
   “They had a silent copter, my friend.” Joe answered how they had escaped.  “We appreciate the Vampire Clan keeping Codi safe from Edwards. His Beta, Turner, is no longer a threat.” Joe simply replied as Cook started handing out hot cocoa to the pups with a bit of rum added in the pot. Paine bowed in thanks to the woman. 
“Codi will remain in our safehouse, being watched over by Eoghan and Loghan, my first Lieutenants.” He proudly stated, for everyone knew of the two Vampire’s bravery and honesty in the Last Winter’s War. The Vampires had fought a neighboring Clan, Danae’s Nightmare Clan, that had taken sides with Edwards pack, decimating their numbers. That was no small feat, considering their numerous powers and unseen help that Edwards had received from Codi.
   “As an aside, the Vampires are quite taken with your little man, Wolf.” Paine stated pointedly at Cole, in case there was any confusion just whose Mate Codi was. “But tonight, you rest.  I’ll relay this evening’s surprise attack to Tessa and the Clan.  Thank you for your friendship.” Paine bowed deeply, showing his trust with the pack and promptly left. 
   “Pack, rest this evening and this weekend we’ll have some fun, to take our minds off of what has been happening. I commend you all and your bravery. Cook, you have free reign.” He winked at the woman, a terror in the kitchen but a full, kind heart for the Wolves and pups in her Morning Room. Joe took Brandt’s hand and nodded at Cole to follow them into the Den. 
   Brandt closed the doors to the den, their Alpha seated in his favorite chair with a double Scotch in his free hand, Cole hunched over on the couch, with his head hanging low. Brandt tousled the Beta’s hair, leaned over and placed a kiss on the top of the black haired Wolf. 
   “What’s the matter, boy?” Master Joe asked in private. Brandt sat on the edge of the chair’s arm, with his arm slung around his Mate’s shoulder. 
   “I failed tonight,” Cole moaned in misery, “I failed to protect my Alpha and his Mate, I failed to protect the pack in their time of need...” Cole stopped and took a deep, shuddering breath, “and I failed to even notice my Mate and protect him. I don’t deserve to be part of the Ballard Pack. I should be banned, with my tail between my legs.” He sobbed into himself and crumpled down onto the floor. 
   Master Joe sat on the floor next to his Beta and held him close with Brandt on the other side, sandwiching the broken Wolf into an embrace of love and security. 
   “That is nonsense, my boy, for one, you bravely protected a complete stranger and made him feel safe in the face of danger. Two, we were led into an ambush that no one saw coming. Unless you’re saying you know better than your Alpha?” 
   At that, Cole shuddered a ‘no’ and tried to kneel in subservience but was held up by his Master. “I’m not asking for subservience, I know you already give that freely.  I’m asking because no one could have known. Edwards has something new he’s using or has someone keeping track of us. And Third, you’ve been alone for too long.  You’ve been keeping yourself and everyone around you at arm’s length, afraid to get close to anyone. It’s no wonder you didn’t recognize your Mate. Everyone else did, Cole, even Tessa and Paine.” Master Joe raised Cole’s face so he could be sure the hurting wolf was hearing everything he was saying.
********
   The next night at the High Heel, Vampires, Wolves, pups, leathermen and drag queens were all enjoying a well-deserved night of diversions, drinking and debauchery from the past few months. The two bars inside the large warehouse building were pouring drinks, Zad at the front leather bar and another Vampire at the end, which looked like Eoghan smiling and handing out appletinis, blueberry martinis and white cranberry martinis. 
   There were a cadre of Vampire Warriors on the opposite wall talking with Derric and Ransome, decked out in their own leather and harnesses, looking every bit the Betas and Lieutenants they were. The Queens were partying at the back end of the bar with their martinis, the rest of the younger vampires and wolf pups were somewhere in the middle, with Don and Bill writhing and pumping with the deep bass of the music. Tess and Master Joe  were seated at the Leather Bar in the front, amused, watching the group enjoying themselves.
   “The past few months have been quite adventuresome, wouldn’t you agree, Joe?” Tessa asked, running her fingers through the huge Wolf’s furry forearm. They were watching Paine and Brandt showing the younger generation how to dance, each holding a huge mug of Ale and grinning like idiots. 
   Joe gave a deep sigh, running his fingers through his unruly hair, finally relaxing after months of tense situations. 
   “Feels like the past few years have been ‘adventuresome’.” 
   “Yes, Edwards had his hands full, with masterminding Gerry’s takeover, framing himself in addition to us, using Codi’s Goblin power to research and his scenting to develop the Scent Masking.” Tessa replied, counting off Edwards’ sins.
   “His name has been so badly tarnished now, he has no choice but to retaliate. His financial reserves were decimated, he lost his top two Betas and has the attention of the Paranormal Council.” He paused to watch Cole and Codi slow dancing, with Codi’s head nestled between Cole’s huge, furry pecs. Once in a while, Codi would nip at one of Cole’s very aroused nipples, peeking through his thick, black pelt of chest hair. He and Tessa could hear Cole’s low, playful growling and Codi laughing, their arms around each other. Cole’s was protective around the shorter man’s shoulders and would glare anytime someone came near.
   “The Wolf Council in Germany is also investigating. They also believe in not harming the innocent. And the way Edwards used those landlords breaks several laws.” Tessa gave a disbelieving look, that anyone would care about the landlords.
   “Yes, even if they were reprehensible people, the Council believes them innocent.” Joe growled out and snarled, remembering how they tried to cause harm to Codi, who was just doing his job at the time.
   Tessa took a large swig of Ale, to calm herself as well. She adjusted the black lace corset a bit that was pinching her side and placed a thigh-high black leather high heeled boot on the floor to prevent cramps in her calf.  
   “The Vampire Council in Italy has also began an investigation to Danae’s Clan that helped Edwards.” Replying as Zad solemnly nodded, refilling both Tessa’s and Joe’s mugs.
   “What will happen? I know in the Wolf Council, Edwards will be reprimanded, be placed under International Jurisdiction and lose his pack.” Joe’s face held a slight smirk of satisfaction. “The lowest rung he could possibly be without getting executed.”
   Zad and Tessa nodded appreciatively.
   “In the Vampire Council, Danae will go before a tribunal and try to defend her and her clan’s actions. We can’t prove she helped Edwards this time, but there are hints she gave financing backing the Scent Masker. She lost millions herself. The Council may feel that was punishment enough.” Tessa explained to Joe. They could freely exchange information after how much they aided each other in the Last Winter’s War between the rival pack and clan. 
   “What about the other paranormal creatures?” Zad asked, having permission to speak to the two elder paranormals.
   Joe turned to Zad slightly, smiled and pushed his empty mug for another refill. Zad smiled and drew another mug for the Wolf. Tessa chuckled and grinned, knowing the Ale wouldn’t get the Wolf drunk but give a good buzz.
   “They’re such a small group, not as large as Vampires or Wolves, but the Goblin’s Council president, headed by Usz, are quite interested in Codi, for obvious reasons.” He drained half the mug in one gulp and continued. “The Mountain, Forest and Stone Trolls are somewhat divided. Half want the Scent Masker to be used to defend their territories and the other half believe the masker could be used by rogue warriors to wipe out rivals or one group could wipe out another.”
   Zad gave a sigh of disgust. “Those Trolls are the ones keeping the Bigfoot myth alive.” He spat out, wiping the same spot on the bar for the fourth time. “If they didn’t want the attention, they wouldn’t make themselves visible to the damn hikers in the Cascades.”
   Tessa grinned and stilled the man’s  hands. 
   “Zad, you’ll wear a hole in the bar.” Just then Paine and Brandt hopped up to the bar.
   “Two of your finest Ales, my lad.” Paine gave a lopsided grin, his arm around The equally large but stocky Wolf at his side.  Brandt grinned in buzzed kind of way. 
   “Double large, if  you please.” Zad grinned back, handing over the two extra-large glass mugs that would do a Beer Garden fest in Germany proud. They each took a gulp and headed back to the dance floor.
   “Those two have gotten chummy.” Joe laughed at his Mate’s attempt at a polka making Paine spill some Ale down Derric’s back.
   Turning back to Tess, Joe continued. “The Goblins want to talk to Codi, they think he got his powers from his Father’s side, generations back, before Humanity overtook the world.”
   “How could the genes have survived so long?” Tessa asked, no one in particular.
   “That’s what they want to know. Also the Fairy Council is investigating who it was that made the Finders Rock, or whatever it was, that Edwards used to find Codi. It’s an illegal sale in the Paranormal World and could lead to that creature’s expulsion, making them human.” Joe explained, “after hours of making phone calls to different Council Presidents after the last battle at Ballard House with Edwards’ pack, I found out all this information. It’s amazing how a promise of a week at Ballard House will loosen tongues.”
   “To be fair, to be invited to Ballard House is something special, Joe. Word of the famously private, two thousand year old Joe Ballard taking in a human for his Beta has made many a creature jealous. Good thing you’re smoothing over ruffled scales.” Tessa joked and winked roguishly. “I have heard through the grapevine that some of the humans helping could have been Danae’s Clan. Of course it will be difficult to prove.” She stopped to take another large gulp, not even embarrassed that she was a woman, with shades of her buccaneer past showing. “I’ve offered to show in person to testify to the Council myself.” She looked quite proud of herself. “But I believe nothing really will happen to Danae, sorry to say.” She bowed her head to Joe.
   “One thing we do know is that Edwards’ latest attempt raised quite a shitstorm. Codi will stay at Ballard House, under my house, name and protection. I’ve made it known that he is Cole’s intended Mate and has further protections.”
   “Yes, Cole Harris is quite well known in certain circles. No one will mess with Codi now.” Zad offered, looking at the couple, now resting at a bar table across the room, along the wall. Cole had moved his chair to the other side, beside Codi, his arm resting along the back of the chair, loosely and his body slung down low in the wide and tall chair. Joe knew it was a ruse, that Cole was always hyper-aware, now his attention was solely focus on Codi and knew Cole could turn and fight in a second.
   “Tis a good thing that Goblins are famously known for befriending Wolves, wanting to please others.” Tessa nodded at her own assessment.
   “That was something, Codi running to the only Wolf around for blocks all those months ago.” She added.  “Must have been his ‘Goblin’ sense picking up. Imagine, after all these generations, Codi is the one to have it.” 
   “Edwards took advantage of his Goblin side’s desire to please others in that research.” Joe’s handsome face turned a dark shade for a moment, then lightened after seeing Paine, Brandt and Derric doing some sort of front-to-back combination line dance and conga line.
   Cole winded a path through the dancers across the club to his Alpha, with Codi’s hand firmly gripped in his own. 
   “We’re going to head back to the house, Master Joe.” Cole stated as a matter of fact. 
   “Ok, boy, you and Codi have a good night.” Master Joe added, with a fatherly face of love on his Beta. 
   “Good night Master Joe, Tessa.” Codi added. As the two were walking out the door to the overly large club cab dualie of Cole’s, Codi heard Tess calling after him “That’s Terrible Tess!” Followed by hoots of laughter, yips and playful growls.
   On the way back to the winding road through the north end of Seattle to Ballard House, Cole was stealing glances at his Mate, grateful for whatever fates had brought them together. He reached over and gently squeezed Codi’s hand. Codi had been watching the scenery go by in the three quarter moonlight.
   “What do you want to do now?” Cole inquired, watching the road and scenting through the open window, enjoying the night.
   “Do you mind picking up a large pizza on the way home?” Codi’s mischievous smile, breathtaking. Cole laughed in joy.
   “Not at all, we’ll stop at the next block near home at Wolfsbane.” 
   “What an odd name for a pizza joint.” Codi giggled, the ales and martini’s clearly getting to his head.
   “Yah, the Vampire owner thought it was clever but she does make a mean pizza!” He joined in the laughter. Soon they pulled into the parking lot of a small brown and red brick building with amber glass front walls, looking quite modern next to a restaurant that was remodeled from an abandoned water mill, with working water wheel. 
   “Cole Harris! I wondered when you’d show your furry face around here again!” The large bosomed, raven haired beauty gracefully slid from behind the counter to Cole’s side with unnatural ease. Her clear naturally tan skin shone with joy and mirth as she ribbed her friend. Cole’s face split into a wide grin and easily picked up the hour glass shaped beauty, twirling her around before setting her down again. They kissed on their cheeks.
   “And this must be Codi Wilson, pleasure to meet you, I’m Orenda, owner of Wolfsbane.” She introduced herself, warmly, embracing him in a tight hug and ending with her pressing her cheek to Codi’s light furry one. She smelled of pepperoni and musk oil, not altogether unpleasant.
   “There’s a rumor you’re off the market now.” Her eyes sparkled as she teased her tall, furry friend. Cole’s eyes sparkled back, his eyes crinkling when he smiled, fully enjoying the sound of the statement. He grabbed Codi in a one armed embrace, squeezing the smaller man to his side.
   “Yup, the rumor is correct!” His bicep flexing and his pecs squeezing together as he leaned down to plant a kiss on the top of Codi’s head. 
   “About time!” Orenda smiled slyly, “We were taking bets on which monastery you would be taking vows.” She teased, laughing at the now blushing and shy Wolf.
   “I’ve dated.” He lamely fought.
   “One date in fifty years does not count, Cole Harris.” Turning to the now amused Codi, she continued, “Good thing you came along or we’d be watching our backs. So, what will you order tonight? Sausage? Pepperoni?” She asked, full of mirth and double entendres.
   “How about a monster large combination with a side of boneless wings and some cheesy bread?” Cole suggested at which Codi agreed. 
    “Coming right up!” She turned but the prep cook had already started preparing the sixty inch pizza while she started on the sides. Cole took Codi to a booth where a server brought them some ice tea, a nice change after drinking at the High Heel. 
   “So, are you really alright with everything, Codi?” Cole asked with concern, tracing Codi’s hand on the table.
   “I’m ok, just processing everything Edwards did, getting Gerry involved, finding out I’m part Goblin. Thankfully, I didn’t get much of the ugly genes.” He laughed, trying to ease the tension. Cole had gotten awfully quiet, giving Codi a swarthy, lusty gaze.
   “I don’t think you’re ugly, Codi.” Cole said in a low tone, leaning over the table, giving off sexual scents, making his midnight and coffee scents more powerful. Orenda came over to the table and leaned over.
   “Want to dial the sex pheremones down a few notches, Cole? The other customers are about to get naked in the back.” She winked and walked away. Cole and Codi looked on the sly, and indeed, a teenage couple were almost undressing until Orenda gave them a free refill of ice cold tea to dampen their hormones.
   “Guess i’m more powerful than I thought.” Cole laughed, stroking Codi’s hand again. 
    “I think you’re powers are perfect, Cole.” Codi said, with his head down but looking up at Cole, watching his reaction.  Cole’s eyes got darker, his jaw was working a muscle and black fur started thickening along his forearms, up his biceps and his neck.  His smile got even bigger, his lips parted and his canines had grown a quarter of an inch, just slightly larger than normal. Codi smiled back, rubbing Cole’s fur, up and down his arm, loving how the fur laid down. Codi was drawing patterns in the fur, making Cole softly growl with pleasure. They waited about twenty more minutes, when Orenda announced their order ready. Cole paid and walked out with a huge five foot pizza box that they had to put in the bed of the truck and the two large to go bags behind the seats in the extended cab. 
   Cole parked in the underground garage, leading Codi up the back stairs and through the Morning Room where all was quiet. The courtyard’s statues were still in the moonlight, the chat underneath gleaming like small mirrors, lighting up the area like magic. 
   “This is beautiful.” Codi whispered, Cole leaned down and kissed his cheek. 
   “Want to eat down here?” 
  “Do you mind if we go upstairs?” Codi asked, very quietly and a bit timid.
   Cole kissed his head again and nodded. 
   “Whatever you want, Codi.” They walked through the kitchen area, to the large entrance hall and up the stairs. Cole nodded to the West Wing, where the Alpha and himself lived in larger apartments, due their status. Cole opened the door to  his suite down the hall and led Codi to a respectable kitchen with a large Oak and Gunmetal dining table that seated four and a gunmetal chandelier above with four old fashioned lanterns dimly lit above. They set the food on the table, Cole got out a bottle of wine that Codi had researched for the Wine Client months before and two stemless wine glasses. 
   Cole watched while Codi took in his rooms and waited for his Mate’s approval on pins and needles. 
   “This matches you perfect, Cole.” Codi had awe in his voice.  The room had light brown silk wallpaper with some sort of black lines running up and down. There was a dark brown bamboo hardwood floor and the ceiling was smooth and painted a lighter shade of tan with patches of slightly darker brown staining here and there, giving a feeling of calm and serenity. The kitchen had a modern feel, with gunmetal appliances to match the table and chandelier. 
   Codi walked to the living area, where there was an oversized cream and tan leather sectional in two pieces to allow for easier ambulation. The oversize rug underneath was black with brown and tan stripes, giving a nice, masculine feel. On the far wall was a seventy two inch newer tv, but Codi didn't pay attention to the details, it looked nice and large. There was a screensaver showing various cities around the world. 
   On the walls were various metal sculpture and oil paintings showing very masculine works. They all fit together nicely, showing Cole’s personality, temperament and style. 
   “You like my place?” Cole asked nervously, setting down piles of napkins and buckets for trash. 
   “This is gorgeous, Cole. Did you decorate it?” He asked, incredulously. 
   “Yah,” he gave an indifferent shrug that didn’t fool Codi. Codi walked back to the table, threw his arms around his Wolf’s shoulders, lacing his fingers behind his neck.
   “Who knew beneath this large,” Codi kissed the furry cavern between Cole’s huge, furry pecs, “muscular, furry chest,” he nibbled along the underside of the Wolf’s pecs, causing his breath to catch, “beat a man who knows interior design.” He finished with licking the left nipple. Cole let out a breath he’d been holding, kissed his little man along his forehead. 
   Codi’s hands were massaging the Wolf’s shoulder blades while he was kissing Cole’s pecs, up his chest and nibbled at his adams apple. 
   “I’m a Man of many talents, Codi. You never know what I’m going to do next.” He swept up Codi in his huge arms, his big biceps flexing with carrying Codi to the larger leather sectional. A brown and cream throw caught Codi beneath Cole’s muscular, furry body. His Wolf itching to claim his Mate, vastly approved Cole’s choice.
Codi’s hands roamed, obviously enjoying the fur that was bursting out of Cole’s skin in anticipation of moments to come. 
   “Someone’s enjoying the moment.” Codi raised his own hips need to match Cole’s, gently teasing his Wolf. Cole’s eyes were a deep chestnut with green and yellow streaks, his pupils were enlarged and his breathing was deep and slow. 
   “You’re one gorgeous Man-Wolf.” 
   “You’re the handsome one, Codi,” his voice deep, gentle, “I’m the luckiest Wolf in the entire pack.” He gently lowered himself on his forearms until his face was mere millimeters from Codi’s smiling face. Their lips touched in a tentative, lingering kiss. Both their heart rates increased, chests touching until the beat became one. 
   Codi could feel Cole’s length, almost the size and thickness of his forearm, shivering with anticipation and need, Cole misunderstood. 
   “If you’re scared, we can wait until another time” His face full of concern, lust and love. “I’m not going to scare you off, my Wolf will understand. Your love and safety is all that matters to me.” He kissed along Codi’s face, cheeks and ears.
   “I’m not scared of you Cole nor of your Wolf.  You’ve shown time and again that my safety is important to you.” He smiled a warming glow up to his Wolf. “I just can’t believe you’re actually here, wanting me.” His hands ran from Cole’s shoulders down his muscular, rippling back and cupping his high, muscular ass. All along Codi could feel the thick black hair shoving its way through the fabric. 
  “How about we get rid of these clothes?” Codi gave a tug at Cole’s shirt. Cole gave a very Wolfish grin, sat up and started tearing off his shirt and pants. Codi gave a restraining hand and a lustful grin.
   “Let me do that.” He began slowly removing Cole’s shirt, admiring the bulging pecs, kissing along the ridge to his shoulders, down his pumped up biceps and nibbling his skin underneath the black fur along his forearm, ending with suckling each finger, causing Cole to gasp and growl.
   “Little man, you’re killing me here.” He grinned at Codi’s close examination of his Wolf’s black fur. 
   “HMmmm…..A little tension won’t kill you.” He grinned up, while his hand rested on the waistband of Cole’s pants. He popped button, slowly pulling the tab down to reveal his prize. Cole’s arms were busting with tension and need, grinning all the while.
   “Enjoying yourself?” Cole grinned again, running his hands over Codi’s head and neck, massaging his Mate’s shoulders; rubbing his hands down Codi’s back. He was leaning over and pushing his hands down Codi’s own pants, cupping his small butt. His Wolf was enjoying the sexual scents.
   “Oh yes!” Codi murmured, pulling Cole’s pants and underwear down and over his muscular butt. Codi ran his fingers through the fur on Cole’s backside while his overwhelming need hit Codi square on the forehead. 
   Codi slowly raised his face, drew his hands forward around Cole’s hips while his need was leaving a trail down his face. Cole stopped moving while Codi opened his mouth for his obvious need. Cole gasped, raising his hands to gently grasp the sides of Codi’s face.
   “Oh Codi, it’s been so long!” There was a pop when Codi released him.
   “Then let’s not waste any more time.” He removed his own shirt, Cole raised up tore his pants off and removed Codi’s in two swift movements. Cole slowly lowered himself again, their clothes thrown across the living room, Cole’s shirt hanging from the corner of the TV, Codi’s pants carelessly draped over the back of the sectional across the coffee table. Cole, being a Wolf new he was safe and Codi had already been cleared by Doc, prepared Codi for his length and girth, Man and Wolf were one to claim their Mate.
   “No, let’s not” was the last of the talking.
   Hours later and after a quick rainforest shower in Cole’s marble bathroom, they were seated at the gunmetal table enjoying pizza and wine.
   “Did you have this bathrobe all prepared?” Codi smiled, enjoying the thick hooded bathrobe in some luxurious material.
   “Just happened upon one your size,” Cole indulged in a second huge slice of the pizza, the equal of a medium pizza. “Alpa Joe was right, you can eat your weight.” Cole gently laughed at Codi’s sixth helping of pizza, the equivalent of half a medium pizza. 
   “Well, all those calories aren’t just replacing themselves!” He grinned, sipping from his second glass of wine.
   “I could help ensure you’ll never go without ever again.” Cole suggested, his head down, concentrating on a piece of sausage that escaped his slice. 
   Codi stopped eating, staring at Cole.
   “But if you’d rather stay on the other wing, that’s alright too,” he quickly added, misunderstanding his Mate’s quietness.
   Codi stared at the man and smiled secretly. 
   “You’d really want me to invade your space? I thought Wolves were territorial?” He grinned.
   Cole’s eyes snapped up and he grinned back. “Only with other Wolves—Mates are an entirely different matter.” He set the slice down, picked up the errant sausage, popped in his mouth and grabbed Codi’s free hand.
   “We’re known for wanting our Mates where we can see them, sniff them, touch them.” He demonstrated by shoving his nose in Codi’s neck and inhaling deeply. “We get jealous if anyone gets near, if anyone threatens them, if they get in any sort of danger.” He moved closer. “We want to protect our Mates, feel them in arm’s length, give them safety at all times.”
   “That…..would be a great feeling” Codi began, “Especially after the past few years” Intimating the issues with Edwards’ pack, Danae’s clan, his ex and the financial mess that almost ruined him. 
   “Being with a Wolf, ensures the entire pack will protect and cover one’s Mate. You’ll never have to be worried about getting used, threatened or conned ever again, Codi.” He brought his arms around Codi’s shoulders, bringing the smaller man’s head resting on his own thick, muscular shoulders. He heard Codi sigh, the second best sound in the world to Cole; the first being his Mate’s happiness and contentment.
   “The pack already loves you, Don, Bill, Tom,” 
   Codi laughed, “Those pups are great friends!” Cole smiled, hugging his Mate closer.
   “Master Joe, Brandt, Derric and Ransome love you too,” Cole started sneering at remembering Ransome’s flirting in the garden then realized he was getting his fellow Beta to realize he loved the little man. 
   “Are you asking me something, Cole?” Codi leaned back, his arms still around Cole’s midsection under the robe, playing with the fur still on his sides. Cole shifted a bit, unsure of himself.
   “Well, yah,” He fidgeted, “I want you to move in with me, here.” He gave a big, Wolfish grin.   
   “You’re one of the best Men I know, Cole Harris.” He leaned forward and kissed his Wolf.
   “Why don’t you show me, little man?” Cole.

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Thanks!
