This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Copyright © 2015 by Frank Fronash

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the established consent or written permission of the copyright holder.
NIGHT OF THE SIX-GUN GORILLA
Never run a bluff with a six-gun.
Bat Masterson
Chapter 1: An Association of Apes
Bart Masters threw down his pick with a grunt of relief. It was almost dark now at the bottom of the shaft. Bent and scarred by a lifetime of toil, sixty-two years felt like two hundred. If he was ever going to spend all the gold he’d torn from the earth the last couple years, he’d have to quit for civilization. Today’s haul and everything stashed under the floor of the cabin, it was more than enough.
It was time.
He finished packing the last bucket and tugged the rope. Foot on the rim, he shouted, “Hoist ‘er on, O’Shea!”
Simple as slick, up he went. Breaking into the crisp air of early evening, Masters grabbed the crosspiece above and stepped out.
“Thanks, son.”
The gorilla shuffled away from the winch handle.
“Hoo,” he grunted. “Heh.”
A tremendous creature and Masters was still taken aback at times. Hunched but huge, at least six foot. Glossy black as a coal broom with a face like a nightmare. Cold weather creature, from what Masters could discern – from its love of daytime shade and evening frolics in the brisk desert – but New Mexico had treated it well enough. ‘Least up in the Cristobals this time of year. Spring was always kind.
The old man had never up and asked where the thing had come from, though part of him figured if he did, it might answer.
It had to do with the scar above its eye, certainly. Oh, there were others. The creature contained an entire history of some terrible practice head to foot. Rakes along its skull, its chest. Long scrapes and trails visible when the breeze moved the fur on its arms and legs. But the one on its head was the thing. A puckered hole in, with a pink, hairless exit around back. 
Which had to be a bullet. There was no other explanation. Something had creased its brain and cinched up the years Mr. Darwin said held the apes and men apart. 
When Masters had found the beast shuffling dust on the horizon as he’d dragged his wagon to the claim, there was no denying the craft in its eyes. The grunts when Masters had leaned in the saddle to coo at it like some pet. No words, but the ape had gestured back the way it came and even gave some small shrugs, as if to say:
I got real problems back there. What’s going on up this way?
Did it understand like a man? Masters had decided it did. At the very least, the animal seemed to understand Masters, little as it could tell of itself. He’d named it for his own wife Maggie, gone to the fever years back and since, found something of comfort in the thing’s company, if not outright friendship.
Now, the old man directed the bucket into a few sacks and got them loaded on the horse. O’Shea knuckled beside, long arms out front to tuck its legs and do his hop-gallop down the edge of the mountain toward the cabin below. The last bit of sun winkled on the creek flowing beside it and Masters had to smile.
Dragonfly Mine, he called his piece of the world, and there’d been no better stroke of luck around it. Either in the gold itself, or chancing upon O’Shea to help him turn it out. The beast had fallen right to work, easy as pie.
Even got down in the shaft at times with the pick and shovel. Masters felt foolish speaking like he did to the animal, spouting odd thoughts throughout the day, but damned if it wasn’t easy. He just knew there were notions in that creature’s mind. Thoughts of loves and hates, pasts and futures.
Everything was in them eyes, the way they looked right at him. Felt shameful to consider, but Masters often wished that bullet had gone deep enough to knock some words loose.
“’Bout time, I think,” he said, swinging a leg off the horse. Without being told, the ape grunted over and helped unload the sacks.
“How ‘bout you?”
O’Shea snuffled, cradling one of the sacks like an infant.
“Civilization? Y’all got one o’ those?” Masters untied the other sack and let it drop, to give the horse some relief. “Some ape society?”
O’Shea grunted again ‘hoo, ho-ho’ and waddled up the porch, shaking his head.
‘Ape Society.’ You’re a card, old man.
Masters led the horse to its corral around back, a horizontal post next to the outhouse and tool shack. Charity was a fine Appaloosa, quick and strong and made stronger for all her work hauling out the mine. He went in the shack for a blanket and feedbag, tying oats on and heaving the saddle off. He draped the blanket in its place and gave her a pat. Wiping his hands on his front, he took in the sunset one more time with a deep, satisfying breath.
It was just touching the top of the woods at the end of the grassy field. This, just past the creek. The woods carpeted another slope, steeper than his mine was and continued down toward town. From just above the mine, it was easy enough to see the place out there. 
Copper Drop was built on the paraje Fray, the last hospitable land on the Royal Road, the Camino Real just before Jornada Basin. The Royal itself ran 1500 miles, Mexico City to Santa Fe and oh, dangers abounded. But that southern piece through the basin, 100 miles to the border, was considered the worst of it. They called it Jornada Del Muerto, or Dead Man’s Route.
A powerful hell, made worse for the fact the mountains followed you the whole way, hiding the Rio Grande behind ‘em. ‘Least ’til Fort Selden, but most were dead by then. 
Powerful hell. Only seemed right a shitty minin’ burg like Copper Drop sat at the head of it. 
Be good to finally leave. Good to be back in the world with telephones and canned fish and that new kinda water closet. Shit, Yale gone and give some nigger a goddamn degree! Oh, they could do anything back in the world. A man met it head-on or got to runnin’. And no man ran that damn fast.
Masters sighed.
Inside, the gorilla had already pried up the loose boards and stowed their day’s take. While he sat beside the black-belly stove picking burrs from his coat, the old man set about some supper.
They chatted over it, or, Masters did, spooning stew at his little table while the ape retired to the corner. Here, he fed up on some grass and flowers from the wooden bin. O’Shea and the old man went out of a morning or night, picking flowers and thistles and tying them in bundles for the beast to eat.
The ape mostly grazed the land on his own – eating as much as he did everyday – but their picking expeditions were a way to relax. And the little bundles were like bites of food at a man’s table, when Masters was taking his own evening meal. O’Shea could use a chair and sometimes sat across, but seemed to prefer his corner.
“So, you ain’t said much,” Masters said, licking out his bowl and setting it on the shelf. He stared at the Territory map on the wall, then took up a log from beside the stove. He cleared his throat and creaked open the front to toss it in. 
“So, then.”
O’Shea grunted.
“Back to town ‘fore long? No?”
The ape munched and snorted and waved a hand.
Foolishness. I can’t be among Men.
“What’s that?” Masters imitated the gesture. “You sayin’ no? Why the hell not?”
O’Shea held out his foot, that brand burned into the heel. The number 9 in peculiar script, inside a circle. 
Where do you think this came from?
“Well –”
He dropped the foot and whapped a palm over his eye, at the hole there.
And this?!
“C’mon now, not all’re bad. We’ll take it slow, maybe –”
O’Shea stood with a snarl. It wasn’t aggressive as such. Masters had never feared for himself around the gorilla. But he knew when enough was enough. He held up his hands and looked at the floor with a sigh.
“Conve’sation over.”
The gorilla stared at him.
“Don’t have to go nowhere y’don’t want.”
O’Shea snorted again.
Uh huh.
He knuckled to the door and pushed outside.
Chapter 2: Bitch Guns & Larceny
The moon grew bright, throwing the creature’s shadow far ahead of him as he grunted and snuffled through the scrub grass toward the mine.
“There it goes,” Strawhan said.
He crouched behind a tree on the far side of the creek, halfway to the woods. Nine others back there waiting, enough to manage the gold they’d seen hauled out of that mountain the last few weeks. Not to mention everything else the old man might’ve managed before Soapy had stumbled onto the site. He’d gone up given the locals’ big talk of placer gold and thankfully, got lost on the way back. 
“But he’s got some demon with him, some kinda dog or some damn thing,” Soapy had said.
Tutt Strawhan hadn’t known what to make of that, dogs or demons, but it was obviously the former. It hadn’t been though, and he’d never seen the like. Couldn’t describe it around town either, for fear someone would warn the old man. Not to mention, Straw and his boys were recent arrivals and he wasn’t wanting to raise suspicion with foolish talk. Hard enough camping out in the hotel and spending down the bank money playing cards, until he could form up a plan for the whole thing.
What he could gather though, plenty folks knew about the old man, sure. Lotta claims on the mountain, lotta odd folks. Plenty o’ mountain t’go around for everyone. But mining burgs didn’t take to claim jumping, if that’s what a man was implying. Straw had been quick to assert he wasn’t.
Straw knew gold and silver towns and preferred to keep clear, by and large. Lynchings, beheadings, shootings for the least infraction, if it got in the way of a man’s claim. Copper Drop was only a stopover toward the border, a day’s rest before sufferin’ the Dead Man’s Route, but the way Soapy told it (and Straw then confirmed) the old man had too much going on to leave be. Luckily, there were plenty hard-up hard types in town who felt the same.
Ten’ll be enough. 
Well, nine and him. More than that got unwieldy and his own four boys could keep the newcomers in line. 
Ten mules too, for the gold. It sounded like the old man had been up there a while and the sacks Straw had seen him bring down were bursting. If they needed more trips, well, maybe they could come back one day. As it stood, they’d have to hie out well past town and keep south, case anyone caught a whiff of the job. Or rather ‘when’, truth be told. 
Flatheaded, not to just take the bank heist n’ keep south. Stay ahead o’ the Marshals… 
No denying though, if things worked out, they could just be Mexicans from there on out. Stop over the border in San Salome a few days and come what may. No need for another heist, ever. Oh, Straw saw himself grown restless, but now he could pick and choose. Get himself a nice hacienda somewheres, head out when the mood struck. No more hand-to-mouth.
“Where’s it to?” Soapy whispered now.
Straw hushed him. He peeked around his tree, out across the field and the creek toward the mine. The dark silhouette of the demon trooped that way, soon lost in the cracks and crags of the mountain itself.
“Fool animal, who the hell knows. Fuck’s with you n’ that plinker?”
Soapy hefted his .22 revolver.
“What?”
“Lil’ bitch gun.”
“I like it.”
“Gump’s gun.”
“I –”
“Shush. We give the demon-thing a minnit, then head on in. G’wan tell the boys.”
Soapy tucked his plinker away and hustled back through the tall grass toward the woods. A minute or so later Straw could hear him at the treeline, murmuring among the crew in the calm, cold air.
The hell is that demon up to?
Straw tracked it up the mountain a bit, where it paused here and there to fuss with something. He could see it just fine the way the mountain itself showed in the moon and that was his worry. Meant the thing could turn around at some point and see them, too. Added to which, the old man was still awake, clanging around the cabin, but that was less a problem.
Then the monster was gone, up through a swad of trees on a ridge above the mine. He heard Pete and Soapy whispering as they scrambled close.
“Where it at?” Pete asked.
Straw turned and cuffed him.
“Keep yer fuckin’ voice down.”
Pete scowled and rubbed his ear.
“Shit, Tutt, I ain’t mean nothin’.”
“Ehg-zackly. Quiet up. Thing’s on the slope there, in them trees. We give it another minnit, then jump on in. Soap, I’m goin’ ‘cross the crik, I’ll give the whistle when I found the stash. Doubt it’s a bank safe or nothin’, but we’ll see. G’wan.”
Soapy shuffled back through the grass. Straw got to his feet, hugging the tree trunk. He looked down.
“Fuck you doin’?”
Pete was crouched at his knee, peeking around at the cabin.
“Waitin’ on you, Tutt.”
Straw planted a boot and shoved him on his ass.
“Fuckin’ sonk,” he hissed. “Git on back with Soap!”
Pete settled his hat and stood up, flapping his duster around his legs.
“Ain’t gotta be a pain about it.”
Straw drew back a hand, eyes wide.
“Y’wan another?”
Pete trotted off, mumbling.
“An’ stay low, dammit!”
He watched Pete clap his hat and duck down, then turned to the cabin. Goddamn dummies, every one. Well, mostly. Vasquez was all right, he’d ridden with Vasquez for years. His only claim to Straw’s respect was the fact he couldn’t speak English. Jim had his moments, but was too smart-mouth. Not so bad as Plum Bob, but Plum was done-in comin’ out the bank. That left Soapy and Pete. Soapy had a mind for his explosives and whatnot, but Pete...
If not for his sheer inability to function without Straw’s say-so, the man would’ve been long up the flume, no question. He could count on the ol’ boy, though, same as the rest. And he’d need to, once the loot was cut up and they had to contend with the newcomers. One or two Straw could see keeping on, but the rest, well, they’d have to go. Straw watched the mountain a bit on this thought, then slapped his tree.
The demon wasn’t out his own trees yet, so was either holed up for a piece or gone farther up the peak unseen. Either way, it was time.
Straw ran for the creek and splashed in, trying to go quiet, but still get there before the old man got wise. Up to his thighs, he took off his gunbelt and held it up, the tails of his duster floating behind. Then his hips, his belly, then thighs again. Then he was out, shaking his legs and buckling the irons back on.
He drew down and stomped up the porch steps, throwing open the door. The old man looked up from his table, finger curled over a page he’d been about to turn in his book.
“Evenin’,” Straw said, staring down his Colt. “Believe y’got somethin’ o’ mine.”
Chapter 3: “C’mon out, demon!”
O’Shea was troubled by the thought of returning to civilization. He despised all Men save one and though Masters might be at his side the rest of his life, what kind of life would that be? He’d been shot, chained, prodded, tortured and chased since arriving in the World of Men and saw no benefit to tempting those fates again, even under the old man’s protection.
The gorilla pulled at another tuft of grass as he sat beneath the tree. He munched quietly, elbow on his knee, staring up at the moon.
Not that he would necessarily need such protection. O’Shea had stood in trees on this very slope watching Masters head to town for supplies. What little the ape could glimpse of the smoke swirls and horse clatter of the place miles distant had seemed to him harmless enough. He’d seen worse, anyway.
The old man probably wouldn’t settle there, but maybe another place like it. Smaller, quieter. Masters had never seemed like those men in the city where O’Shea had first arrived. There was nothing shrewd or brooding about him. Nothing evil. He was not of such Men and would never be comfortable among them and their stone towers.
O’Shea stood and sighed. He knew he was being unreasonable. He was worried only for losing the first peace he’d known since the jungle. But there was certainly more to be had anywhere Masters chose to take him. The first moment the gorilla had seen him there on his horse, smiling under his hat as he approached across the desert, confused, O’Shea knew he’d found a friend. The old man would never see him come to harm.
The gorilla beat his chest once, and ripped up some more grass. 
“Hoo! Hurr!” 
He flung the blades around and shook himself, casting off his mood. He would head back down and make his apologies. The words weren’t there – would never be there, try as he might – but he knew the old man would understand. O’Shea would walk in with his head low, as he did after an outburst and hold out his hand. His friend would take it and all would be well.
The squeal of laughter turned O’Shea’s head.
“Shit, lookit all this!”
“Shut up!”
The gorilla scrambled to the treeline and pushed out to look down the slope. A man was thumping down the cabin steps, arms loaded with small sacks. More were loading still others onto a team of mules lined up at the creek.
No horses, just mules. O’Shea counted seven men in the moonlight, then caught one or two passing by the window of the cabin.
He considered rushing in, knowing it likely to provoke the men who may not know he was there. He could sneak quickly (yet quietly), but without knowing their plans for the old man, might not arrive before he was hurt. 
He could also stay where he was and hope for the best, but that was dismissed before it could truly be considered a thought.
Then Masters came stumbling through the cabin door, off the end of a man’s outstretched arm. Then the man himself, tall, lean. Long coat and floppy hat, guns on his hips. They all had guns, rifles. O’Shea was breathing fast now, darting his eyes for pools of shadow down the slope. Crouched low, he knuckled for the nearest, beside some boulders.
“C’mon out now, demon!” yelled a voice.
O’Shea peered from the behind the boulder, plotting his next advance. The tall man had a pistol out, his other hand on Masters’ shoulder. He dragged the old man to his knees and set the barrel to the back of his head.
“Y’hear me, demon? I say hyah!”
O’Shea wouldn’t have much cover down the rest of the slope. A few trees and some high grass past the mine site up to the cabin, but until then, he was at their mercy.
He made his move.
“Whoop!” came a shout. “There ‘e be!”
Bullets made insect sounds around him, followed by the crack of the guns themselves. Dust puffed beside the ape’s arms and legs as he shuffled. Easier and faster than going on two legs and a much smaller target besides.
He felt the punch in his shoulder, then something flicked his ear. It spurred him, his grunts growing louder.
He would stay as quiet as he could though, until he was closer. More buzzing zips around his head, more puffs of dust. Hair bristled on his leg as something brushed it, then he was behind a group of trees just shy of the cabin. He ducked low as the bark was torn off in a volley of shots.
“You see ‘im?”
“No, he there, though. You there, fella?”
“Quiet up!” shouted the tall man. “C’mon now, demon, let’s see that face. Huh?”
O’Shea stole a glance from behind his tree, nine men now, most packing up the horses. The tall one still stood behind Masters, three more creeping sideways around him, guns out, waiting for their shot.
There were a few more trees between them, stand-alones, before the cabin itself. O’Shea sorted it in his head, which way to go first, then looked around for something to throw.
Ah.
“Last chance, demon!”
“Hoooo! She’s lit!”
A man came running out of the cabin, flames swelling in the room behind him. Ten, then. O’Shea threw the rock sidearm, aimed at one of the gunmen, but it caught this new man instead. He cried out, hands to his face and O’Shea saw his chance. Every man turned at the scream, even those at the mules. Even the tall man.
Especially the tall man.
O’Shea charged for the cabin.
Chapter 4: Six-Guns A’blazin’
Straw heard the rock or brick hit Soapy coming out the door – thunk! – then his scream as the flames wooshed up inside the cabin. He turned to see his man bent low, blood streaming between the hands to his face, like beer from a glass.
“Jesus, Soap!”
Jim and one of the new guys, Wendell something-or-other, both did the same. Vasquez glanced over, but kept his iron on the dark. He was first to fire when the sound came. Like an elephant howl Straw had heard once in a traveling show. Magic acts, a strongman, dude with an elephant giving rides for a penny. It was like that, a trumpet, but low and throaty. And loud as all fuck.
Straw’s legs were tingling when he turned toward it, his guts icing up. He pushed the pistol to the old man’s head and waited for his chance. The tall grass thrashed, a black hump out there darting behind one tree, then the next.
Vasquez’s shots were just a bit too early or too late, chunking out pieces of tree, snapping off branches. More rocks sailed, one hitting the porch, one clipping Jim in the leg.
“Fuck!”
He and Wendell both were blazing away again, but shook up by that animal clamor. One after the other those roars came, like screams from the earth. Wendell was bobbing at the knees, like the thing might come flying out. Jim kept yelling with each shot while he limped for his banged leg, fucker! ha! c’mon, now!
The hump came out behind the last tree, then closed in through the rest of the grass. Everything stomped down by horses and work beyond it, right up to the cabin. No way the thing could make it along such open ground. Not without getting one in the head.
Not that the boys weren’t trying before it came to that. Damned thing was hard to make out though, even in the moonlight. It was down real low and moved somethin’ quick. The roar shoulda made it easier to peg, but that wasn’t the case. A man didn’t want to aim at something could make that kinda noise and then miss.
“Don’t do this,” the old man said, trying to turn his face up.
“Shush,” Straw said, swallowing hard for how high his voice sounded.
He pressed the Colt harder to the top of the old man’s head. Another few seconds and the demon could see it. Could see his owner or partner or whatever the fuck the old man was to him, go down. Shake the damn thing up enough the others could get their shots in.
More blazes, some of the boys over at the mules with their guns out now, the gold obviously tied up. Soapy was staggering that way, spattering blood, but remembering his orders. Get the mule team back across the creek if the demon gave hell, meet up at the horses.
Then Straw got his first clear look at the thing. Always from a distance so far, through a spyglass back over the creek. Now, it leapt out of the tall grass, all shiny black and howling, all long arms and short, thick legs tucked under. Bright, black eyes over yellowed fangs in a sweaty, pink mouth. Its lining seemed to vibrate on another fiendish roar.
Jim was the first to go, chasing down Soapy just starting to whack the mules into the water. Vasquez smacked his palm on the hammer, bam! bam! bam! no telling if he hit. No telling if he stuck around after. Straw had the impression some other boys were nearby, but only for their confused noises. He heard the splash of water, the bray of a mule. Soapy shouted something.
Straw suddenly realized there was heat on his back. He could smell smoke and he remembered they’d lit the cabin. Embers floated past his ear. Gray snowflakes burning in from the edges.
Wendell was closest to him, he definitely saw Wendell run. Saw the man throw his iron at the thing as it landed with a meaty whump! then pounced toward Straw. This bullfrog hop, long, reaching arms swiping the air. Horrible, creased face split open in another trumpet blast of anger and, no question, hatred.
Straw saw himself go down, like a drunk under a galloping steed. Stutter-flashes of pounding limbs, crunching bone, lighting forks of pain through his body. This, in the instant it took the thing to close across the open ground. Then Tutt Strawhan was lifting the old man to his feet and pushing him toward the demon.
There was the crack of wood behind and part of the roof went in. Maybe a wall. A gust of ash and embers rushed out, swirling around Straw’s legs.
Part of him wanted to just run. Take the gold and leave be. Feel thankful. That was part. As the old man fell into the demon’s arms, Straw turned away to do just that. Chase Soapy and the boys, saddle up, hie out.
Then he twisted from the hips and took aim.
A job’s a job. 
A man didn’t leave witnesses, didn’t leave evidence. They lit the cabin, they had to kill the old man. And after they’d lured the demon, kill the demon, too.
He wouldn’t run for the rest of his life, waiting for the thing to find him. Fuck no. So the old man had to go and once gone, it’d give that demon pause. Just one second of animal grief like a dog sniffing his dead master and that’d be that. Bang his Colt into the fucker’s guts ‘til it was puking up blood.
Straw was already smiling about his sunny hacienda when he fired, boots on a porch rail, piles of gold all around. Tons o’ pussy, regular baths.
That’s a fuckin’ life.
He was John Tuttle Strawhan, for fuck’s sake! He’d killed nineteen men, two women and lookit that, one old man.
He fanned the hammer.
And now, one demon.
Chapter 5: The Gorilla Strikes!
Masters’ head blew apart, spraying O’Shea’s face with blood. He shuddered, for a moment shocked at what had happened. He held Masters’ tight, the cabin up in pillars of flame before him, the tall man fleeing. Wood snapped, smoke growled along the ground. O’Shea nearly set the body down to regard it, kneel beside it, before he caught himself.
The tall man wasn’t fleeing, he was fleeing and firing. Immediately, the gorilla held the old man before him, ducking behind the corpse as shot after shot punched into it. The tall man swore and threw the pistol, then drew one from his hip to fire again.
But O’Shea was pushing Masters aside and snatching up a gun of his own. The World of Men had taught him all about death. All about killing. All about guns.
He smacked his hammer at the tall man, but the one who’d thrown it had only two shots left. The flames and smoke from the cabin made the ape cough and scuttle away, too. Both shots were wide, but one of them less so. The tall man stumbled.
“Tutt!” someone shouted.
“G’wan! Fuck!”
The tall man clutched his arm and ran to his friends, all of them yelling the mules into the creek. O’Shea felt his legs tingle at the thought of following them. His belly iced up, thinking of all that water.
So he threw the empty gun aside and waved the smoke, looking for something else. Another rock, another –
Rifle.
It was farther along, closer to the water, but well enough away between creek and cabin, the gorilla felt safe.
He knuckled forward, scooping it up as the tall man splashed down the creek bank. The man held his pistol overhead and fired behind himself. The shot zipped by O’Shea, then he was sighting down the barrel.
It was the tall man and two others bringing up the rear. Then the tall man was in the water, a worse target as he was half-hid behind the last of the mules, gun by his ear. The ape didn’t know how many shots were left in his rifle, if any. He swung the weapon to one of the other two figures, dropping it low for a good wound.
One of them shouted and tried reaching the center of his back with both hands, then dropped down. The second one turned to help him and O’Shea fired again, taking a piece out of his shoulder and hitting a mule. The animal, just shy of the water, kicked out, catching the second man in the leg. He pitched forward, screaming and hitting his head on the ground. A pistol tumbled loose and went off, the shot punching a piece of the burning cabin with a dry smack!
The tall man was well into the water now, ducked behind one mule as its wounded brother splashed in after them. 
The others of the pack were all up and shaking dry on the far bank. Still more of the brutes were farther on, with the other men. O’Shea kept the rifle sighted on the tall man, or the small apple of his head in the moonlight, just above the creek’s surface.
When he crawled up the other bank, O’Shea fired, hitting the mule’s rump. The animal ee-yohed! and began to buck. As it tore off to the side, the tall man knelt and fired. Puffs of dust chased O’Shea back into the tall grass. When he had his bearings again, his trigger clicked. Empty.
The gorilla gripped the rifle stock like a club, howling with it above his head. The tall man yelped – a happy sound – and, with a glance for the first mule O’Shea had hit, now floating half-submerged in the creek and heading downstream, he ran off.
O’Shea grunted and snuffed and beat the rifle on the ground. He threw it at the two men he’d taken down and even ran a piece toward them, before stopping. Instead, he watched the tall man catch up to his friends, all of them casting glances back. A few of them fired and the gorilla instinctively ducked, but the shots were wide.
He looked toward Masters, glowing orange where he lay beside the burning cabin. Timbers crashed, the roof finally caving in. A blast of swirling cinders rolled out, sizzling against the body. O’Shea watched the two wounded men, close to the creek, but not in it. Not so close the water might come up and grab O’Shea, as it’d done in the past. If he was quick, he could get at least one man and be well away before the water even knew he was there.
Things needed to be known, after all. And the asking couldn’t be done this far off. This far off, the tall man got away, the gold was gone, everything the old man had done was for nothing. But a little closer, a few quick jabs of his knuckles in the dirt and he’d be right next to them. Close enough to pull them away for a talk.
The ape had no illusions about how that would go, but he was certain he could convey his point. He would show one of them Masters’ body, then the fleeing tall man. His own scowling face would solve the rest. Someone would tell O’Shea who the tall man was and where he was going.
O’Shea planted his knuckles and headed over.
They were close enough to the water in fact, the water would come for them first. If the gorilla got too near and the water moved, he could easily push one of the men in its path. Whichever one he didn’t need.
He kept his dark eyes on the bodies as he drew near. Unless they were both dead. That wouldn’t do. 
Then an arm twitched.
“Tutt,” the man said, rolling onto his back. “Ah, shit. I broke my – oh, Jesus!”
The creased, black hand shot down, grabbing his shirtfront.
“TUUUUUTT!” 
He continued to scream, bootheels dragging, all the way back to the cabin.
Chapter 6: A Frenzied Fiasco
The men gathered around the horses, boots sliding into stirrups. Reins wound around fists. One or two of the new fellas hyahed off before Strawhan fired his last dry shot in the air.
“Wait, goddammit!”
They reined in. 
“Y’said go!”
The others mumbled agreement on the way to their own mounts. Soapy pushed through toward Straw. He had a cloth tied over his eye, soaked red and dripping down half his face.
“Tutt, we need t’go. Mules ain’t goin’ anywhere.”
“Quiet up. Git down!”
The two boys on their horses nicked them back around and cantered over.
“Down!”
They slid off and tied them to a tree. Straw jabbed a finger in Soapy’s shoulder, wincing for the graze in his arm the demon had given him.
“There is mules all over the fuckin’ place!”
“You okay?” Pete asked.
Straw ignored this, waving a hand into the moonlit field behind them. Five of the beasts had trotted up with, but there were three others on the stretch between them and the creek. Behind this, the cabin fire was a signal to the gods themselves, reaching high and hot. The demon was a hunched, evil shape beside it, dragging on one of his boys.
Jim Lane and one of the new ones had gone down. Becker or Bonny or the like. Straw heard screams, even his name, but didn’t know which man it was.
“Aw, fuck,” someone said.
“Quiet up!” Straw hissed.
“I don’t mean just go,” Soapy said. “We tie off the pack, take horses and camp up somewheres.”
“It ain’t comin’,” Straw said, watching the fire. “Not yet. Pete! Get on them mules.”
Pete had a hand on his saddlehorn, the other on the animal’s rump. His intentions were obvious.
“Now, Straw...”
“G’wan!”
Straw clapped him to action, giving him a boot in the ass for good measure. Pete grumbled toward the creek with Vasquez and Wendell. Soapy directed the other five brutes closer to the horses and with Straw’s helpful threats, worked the other boys to get them tied in a team. One front, then two and two. 
Then Pete was coming back leading a beast, Vasquez behind him.
“Where Wendell at?”
“Wesley,” Pete said. He handed his lead rope to Soapy, who walked the mule over to the others. “He saw the one bucked around and left you at the crik. Tied his own up on the bank and ran after it.”
“He what? Hey Wesley!”
Everyone listened. The fire cracked and popped. Another scream from over at the cabin and the boys jumped.
“Jesus!” Pete said. “Fuck’s he doin’?”
Straw narrowed his eyes at the scene. The demon was working, that was for sure. Awful work. He heard his name again. That was Jim, then.
“Hey, Wesley!”
The demon turned its head from its business near the fire and swaggered toward the creek. It turned its head the direction Straw was yelling, where the bucked mule had gone.
“How come he ain’t crossed?” one of the new guys asked. Laird or Lloyd or some such.
“He waitin’ on somethin’,” another one said.
“He’s a damn dumb animal,” Straw said. “C’mon now, Wesley!”
“Here!” came a voice.
Everyone looked, trying to make out the shape of Wesley by the creek, a ways down from the cabin. He was leading a mule toward the one he’d tied off.
“Oh, shit,” Soapy said.
The demon was raising its arm, other hand whamming down on the hammer. A thick drift of smoke and a clap of shots and Wesley crumpled to the ground. His mule squealed and dropped to its forelegs, then fell to the side.
“Fuck,” Pete whispered.
“Es hora de irse,” Vasquez said.
Straw waved it off.
“Fuck that.”
One mule just sitting there was a fool waste. The thing wasn’t coming over the creek for whatever reason. Dumb damn animal reasons, but it wasn’t. He could take someone and head over, cover each other enough to get that gold. Vasquez saw this in Straw’s eyes when he glanced over, hand out. The Mexican sighed.
“Que idea tan pinche pendeja.”
“Quiet,” Straw said and snapped his fingers for a pistol. “C’mon. My loads’re wet.”
Vasquez shoved one at him.
“New guy, you!”
A man looked over.
“Bockman.”
There was a gunshot and Straw turned, shoulders hunched. The demon moved from the creek back to the fire.
“Not Becker?” Straw asked, popping open the .32.
“Nope.”
He snapped it closed.
“Who’s across the crik?”
“That’d be Fuchs.”
“Huh,” Straw said, like it was interesting. “Let’s go.”
They kept to what trees they could, watching the demon rustle around the fire, picking things up, setting them down. Nothing else moved over there. The fire had less to chew on now so was starting to seep onto the grass. Part of it was up a pine next to the heap, more drifts of glowing, ash feathers lilting on the breeze high above.
“Cover me,” Straw said and ran the last piece, down low, gun out. He ducked behind the mule at the creek bank and peeked under its belly. The ape was gone. Straw looked back at Bockman behind his trunk. The man shrugged.
“C’mon, you,” Straw mumbled and untied the brute, nicking it away from the bank. The mule ee-yohed! and thrashed around. Straw heard the boys talking low and fretful back at the treeline and hushed them under his breath. 
Goddamn chuckleheads.
The fire popped, the bit of it gone up the pine now throwing a sudden flash of light over the scene. Straw hunched again. The mule snorted.
“I said c’mon!”
He grabbed its harness and hauled, getting it turned away from the creek. He gave it little shoves with his hip, one eye on the cabin fire.
“Shit, I hear it!” Bockman hissed, pointing.
Straw turned and scanned the area. The fire, the bodies. The wind shifted and blew a cloud of cinders toward the mountain. Be a hell of a burner if it caught something real.
“C’mon,” he said in the mule’s ear. The animal grunted and got going.
“Shit, shit!” Bockman shouted and pushed off his tree, running back to the horses.
Straw heard it too and looked over, eyes wide.
“Oh, fuck.”
The mule squealed as Straw shoved past it, gunbelts rattling as he ran, one hand on his hat to keep it in place.
“Go, go!” he shouted out ahead. “Everyone mount the fuck uuuuup!”
Chapter 7: The Smell of Doom!
O’Shea dropped the broken-legged man beside Masters’ body and straddled him. He huffed breath on his throat and stared into white, frightened eyes.
“Oh, Jesus.”
The gorilla cupped the man’s jaw and forced his head toward the old man.
Who killed him?
O’Shea was certain he said this with his face, his dark features hunched around the deep black wrinkles of that flat nose and thick, snarling lips. He grunted.
Who?
The man blinked several times at Masters and tried to turn against the ape’s strong, stubby fingers. O’Shea grunted again, blasting a breath through his wide nostrils.
“I don’t – I – I didn’t do anything,”
The gorilla bent closer and pulled the man’s face back. They were nose to nose.
Who?!
O’Shea’s eyes were black swirls in the reflection of the man’s. His pale, sweaty face glowed by the crackling fire. Smoke coasted along the ground, curling over his shoulders. He coughed.
“I – I – I don’t know what you want! Tutt!”
The gorilla roared, clutching the man’s layers at the lapel and jerking him half-up. Twisting the man toward Masters, the man yelped at the pain of his leg rolling with him. He began to cry.
“I – I –”
The man knew O’Shea wanted something, but was obviously more concerned with how this could be, than answering the question itself. He tried to cross himself as the ape shook him.
“Oh, Juh-Jesus it can think. Oh, Jesus. Tutt!”
O’Shea could smell himself, the tangy, ripe smell that wafted off when he got angry. Like a skunk dragged in blood. The man smelled it and began to gag. He turned his head to spit a mouthful of puke.
The gorilla roared again and lifted the man off the ground. He shook the fool, snarling up at him at the end of his fists, limbs rattling. The man screamed for the loose wobble of his snapped leg.
“AaaaaaaaaaahhhhGOD, NO, NO, NO!”
“HOO?!” O’Shea bellowed and suddenly dropped the man. The wet crack of his leg breaking further wrenched out another scream. The gorilla shuffled back a step.
“Aw, God, Tutt! Jesus, Tutt HELP ME!”
Who, who, who...
O’Shea hooted, ‘hoo’, ‘hoo’ and wiped his mouth. Had he spoke?
“Hoo.”
“Tutt Goddamn Strawhan! Tutt Straw – ah!”
O’Shea scuttled up and grabbed him again. He pulled the man upright.
“Hoo!”
“Tuh-Tutt,” the man said, spitting puke off his lips. “His nuh, nuh-name. Tutt.”
Tutt.
O’Shea shook him.
And?
“Stuh-Straw. Han.”
Strawhan.
“Hurr,” grumbled the ape.
“Wuh-what?”
Where is Tutt going?
Shake.
“I – I –”
“Whuh,” O’Shea grunted. “Whuh.”
Where. Where is he? Where?
“I duh – I don’t –”
O’Shea twitched his head toward the creek. He could see the shape moving on the far bank, leading a mule.
‘Where’ didn’t matter, apparently. ‘Where’ was here.
The gorilla turned to the brokeman with a hiss, fangs bared. He chomped the fool’s throat, growling into the spurt of blood. Sniffing it into his big nostrils. The body spasmed beneath him, piss sprayed. O’Shea dropped him to die and knuckled down to the creek.
If the water would have him, he’d kill the water, too. The water and then the tall man, leading his mule.
The gorilla shuffled up to the other body, starting to come to. He pulled a pistol from the man’s holster and leveled it at the shadow creeping along the other side of the creek. Four hard slams of the hammer to empty and the man pitched back – not the tall man, not tall enough as he arched to his full height and fell – then the mule was down too, head crashing into the grass over its front legs.
Commotion now, from out in the dark. Voices chirping in fear. None of them had left.
O’Shea had time then, if he hurried. He bent over the groaning man, drawing the other pistol. He put it to the fool’s head and fired, then turned the corpse with his foot. He stripped the gunbelt and grunted back to the cabin fire, bobbing on his thick, powerful legs. He scooped up another pistol as he went. Masters’, used by the tall man. He’d taken it from its peg inside, perhaps finding it humorous to kill a man with his own weapon.
These clattered down by the brokeman, still dying. O’Shea took those gunbelts too and added them to the pile. He knelt by Masters and patted his cheek. He reached for the old man’s hand. The brokeman went huck! huck! beside them while he choked on his blood.
The gorilla folded the hand over Masters’ belly, then the other. He lifted him, cradled at first, then hoisted high. He took two steps toward the fire and pitched the body in. It crashed in a storm of swirling orange stars. He tossed the old man’s Colt after and stared into the darkness across the creek.
Around the corner of the cabin, small fires dotted the grass toward the corral. Charity was tied well enough in back she hadn’t been hurt, but the growing heat and smaller blazes starting up had riled her. She snuffled as O’Shea drew near, the whites of her eyes rolling.
The gorilla pulled the blanket off her back and draped the gunbelts there. He nipped at the weave, ripping a hole and tugging it over a discarded bowler hat he’d plopped on. If he was going back into the World of Men, he’d look the part.
He buckled one of the gunbelts over his hips and slung the other across his chest. One holster under his armpit, the other behind his opposite shoulder. He unlooped the reins.
Let’s go, horse.
He vaulted onto Charity’s back and dug his heels, the animal only too happy to oblige him, back around the corner of the cabin toward the creek. O’Shea drew the two pistols at his waist, aiming them low as they splashed in. He fired both barrels at the water, keeping the damn stuff from getting any ideas.
Out in the darkness, men began to scream.
Chapter 8: Strawhan’s Wicked Ride
Straw grunted and huffed back to the horses, too tempted to look behind at how close the demon was getting. It was roaring, guns blasting, water sloshing as its mount heaved across the creek. Bockman was just ahead, stumbling and pinwheeling his arms when his foot caught something. Straw came on behind and got his elbow.
“Fuckin’ move!”
Another roar with a spatter of water on the ground and a whinny as the horse shook. Then hoofbeats and the snap of branches and the thing came across the field. Straw was halfway to the boys, all of them in the saddle and gone for the woods. Every mule left.
Pete had stayed, his mount dancing small arcs while he held reins for Bockman and Straw. Both those horses were rarin’, snuffling and whipping their manes at what was coming.
“Let’s go, Tutt!” Pete cried.
Straw planted his hands on his steed’s rump and leapt into the saddle, hyah! before he even took the reins. He aimed off his leg as he passed the mule pack, blowing a beast’s brains like warm soup against the one beside it, then another for good measure. They fell and promised to keep the others in place. 
Bockman clambered up in the corner of his eye, then all three were chasing down the others. Straight on the path through the trees and scrub going down the mountain.
Gunshots snapped around them, leaves fluttering, branches cracked off.
“Fuck!”
Pete went on ahead, then Straw. Bockman brought up the rear. Straw blew his wind through puffed cheeks, wiping his brow with a sleeve. He resettled his hat and ducked low for another crack-crack from the demon’s iron.
Bockman cried out behind them. Down or not, Straw didn’t look.
Crack-crack!
Goddamn demon sonovabitch. Straw pulled Vasquez’s .32 from the small of his back and turned in the saddle.
He could make out the jumping hump of Bockman – still with ‘em – but barely lit by the moonlight trapped behind the web of branches high above. Then the demon behind this, fists lit up, one, two as its pistols blazed on amid another anguished roar.
Straw tucked his gun in front and hunched over, yelling in his horse’s ear, screaming to go, fucking go, goddammit!
He overtook Pete, who glanced at him, then suddenly behind, given his leader’s obvious fright. Pete cried out and lashed his reins in a fury.
Another scream from behind as Straw got out in front. Bockman, Pete, it didn’t matter. He rapped his heels and twisted the horse’s mane with the reins. Howling straight into the back of its head, GO! More gunshots, the world bobbing up and down, the horse heaving between his thighs.
He was coming up on someone, the man turning at Straw’s approach. Soapy, that plinker in hand, no chance of stopping the demon point blank, much less at their present speed. He shouted something when Straw went by.
Straw chanced a look down at his animal. Its eyes were back in its head. Gobby foam spattered over its neck onto his thighs. A gunshot whined by his ear.
The last three boys out front were in a line, the first one just leaving the woods. A bare slope past it, then a scatter of trees and scrub to town. They’d cut south though, out of all that and head alongside the Death Route. Maybe even angle away from it a little, southeast. 
Straw passed the third man, the fool trying to cup his hands and light a cigarette. He barked at him to fucking move, asshole, move! as he flew by.
Fuckin’ idiot.
The second man up broke out of the trees into moonlight – Vasquez, from his bandoliers – the man ahead of the Mexican sliding slow down the pebbly, shifting slope. No time for slow. Take a horse fast enough, they’ll get the idea.
Straw shot past Vasquez, then tore up some branches and came clattering out onto the slope. He was half-up in the saddle and whipping his reins, already feeling the horse lose it when he drew up beside the first man.
Lyman? Was that his name?
Then Straw was pitching forward, landing on his animal’s turned neck, the shadow of its somersaulting body blocking out the moon. There was a shout and the slammed-down-feedsack sound of his horse hitting Laird’s. Neighs and the snap of bones and Laird cried out amid a chaos of thrown dirt and shifting slate.
Straw rolled free of his saddle, coughing dust and feeling the bite of rocks through his jeans. He lost a boot in the stirrup, his guns slid loose, all of him tumbling ass over teakettle. There were voices, the boys all drawing in tight above and shouting down, Tutt! Hey now, Tutt! Jesus! What happened! Who was that! Tutt!
Then the moon was there, flashing by and Straw was on his back, head up toward the top, heels pushing up a wave of grit and sand as he slowed to a stop. He was nearly at the bottom, the bottom itself just the dark shapes of two dead horses and a splayed ragdoll tangled between them.
“Tutt!”
Straw coughed and shifted and dirt and rocks moved around him. Slid farther into his collar and down the side of his remaining boot. His side ached. His knee ached. He’d hit his head going down, over and over. Glancing blows, like his pa on a drink, popping him around the parlor, smiling, Hit me back then, son, c’mon now. G’wan…
“Tutt!”
Fuckin’ Pete, like a goddamn woman. Straw tried turning his head up the slope, betting shit down his collar. More rocks scrabbled as the others came slow, their horses grunting to keep balance.
Can’t be slow, though. Not for a fuckin’ second. Straw let his head loll, the back of it grinding against the pebbles. Shit, his hat was gone. He brought a hand to his hair, wincing at the nicks and scratches there.
“Tutt!” Pete yelped. “You okay?”
Straw snorted. He saw a shadow fall over him alongside. Vasquez swung off and slapped his mount to keep on, then bent down.
“I’m fine,” Straw said, leaning into the Mexican to try and stand. He looked past him up the slope, past Pete and two, three others, whoever the hell was left. His eyes locked on the woods way, way up there. A sudden black roar seemed to shake the very trees, then silence.
Any second now.
Chapter 9: A Devil of a Shot
O’Shea thundered down the wooded slope, closing in on the last man in line. He cocked and fired. A spray of bark and the man hunched down in his saddle. The sky and trees shifted too much, too much up and down, to get a bead.
The man turned and fired back, smacking off a tree branch as O’Shea went under it.
Another blast, then another. More leaves, more insect zings as the fool fired away. O’Shea’s gunbelts clanked, his thighs thumped against the horse. She heaved and snorted. Another blast and the gorilla dug his heels.
Charity wasn’t for speed but she’d listen to O’Shea and go anywhere for the old man. The horse was the one who’d first brought the gorilla over the creek, the old man sitting behind him and talking softly. O’Shea and Charity often sat quietly outside while the old man worked the mineshaft (if O’Shea himself wasn’t helping) and the ape fed her from his bundles of grass and flowers. When the ape woke from his nest of grass and leaves outside the cabin – perhaps from a bad dream – the horse was soothing in its snorts and nods as he brushed her mane to calm himself. Sometimes, they simply went for a ride.
So she gave him speed now, and focus as O’Shea fired just above her head at the fleeing villains. When he caught up to the last man and leapt from her back she never paused, never grew fearful. When O’Shea thumped down behind the man trying to reload his pistol or tuck it or throw it away, she never paused in galloping over his body, thrown down with the head wrung clean around.
Then the gorilla whipped the reins of his new mount, big, cracked feet stuffed in the warm stirrups. Eyes still on the tall man blurring past the next fool in line and coming upon the one after. The next fool turned toward O’Shea, smacking his horse’s rump with a hand and screaming at it to follow the tall man: Go, now! Go!
He and the tall man then overtook next man up as the ape closed in, so O’Shea took that one, instead. Rag over his eye, it was the one O’Shea had hit with his rock. He gaped at the gorilla covering up the world behind him and swung his weapon around. Small caliber.
O’Shea was already swinging his fist backhand though and both attacks connected at once. The squished-fruit sound of the ragman’s smashed skull came with a pistol crack and O’Shea roared. The round winged off the side of his head, snapping it back. His hat flew. It was an axe handle blow and for a moment, the gorilla struggled to keep his saddle.
Another bounce along the slope jostled him then, and he re-settled himself. He gripped the saddlehorn and took a deep breath. They were side by side yet and the ragman hadn’t fallen. His head hung loose enough though, and he spat blood. Coughed a spurt of it onto his chin and tried to reach for his reins.
O’Shea took no chances. He spurred past and reached out for the villain’s bridle. Tearing the horse’s head straight down as he rode by, the ape smiled grimly at the high pitched whinny. It was soon followed by the ragman’s scream as he was crushed in the wreckage.
The gorilla’s ears rang from the ricochet. His vision was blurred. He felt vaguely nauseous, but the tall man was too close. Much too close. O’Shea drew a fresh weapon and sent another volley of pistol blasts into the undulating world beyond.
The tall man was nearly to the edge of the woods. O’Shea knew from his own trip up and the old man’s complaints to and from town for supplies, that beyond lay a steep sheet of slate chips and slick pebbles. Impossible to continue the wooded path, so a man simply took it slow.
If he caught the tall man there, he would simply leap from his horse. No chance of getting a clear shot. Leap from his horse and wrestle the man to the ground. Hands to that soft throat, feeling it burst between his fingers. Rolling in a cloud of dust, down the slope into the desert. If the tall man lived to the bottom, then O’Shea would use his fists. He clenched them now, at the thought of that first anvil blow. Straight down into the nose and teeth.
He gave no thought to the others. If they fought, O’Shea would fight them. All he wanted was the tall man.
And the tall man would have to mind himself getting his horse down that slope.
That was where he’d get him.
One of them had now made it through the woods, the tall man right behind him. The others brought up the rear.
O’Shea snapped his reins harder, the last stretch of the path beginning to tilt. The trees at the end melted, branches bleeding together in an inky swirl. The ape felt himself falling slowly backward.
No!
He roared against it, against the bloody waves crashing over his brain, against the crystal pitch ringing in his ears. The tall man was there.
Right there!
But he wouldn’t make it. And if he did, they’d make an easy meal of him. The gorilla sighed heavily, eyes unfocused on the approaching woods. On the shapes of men and horses battling beyond it. The reins slipped from his fingers. He let his head loll and he fell from his mount, thudding to the ground.
He rolled through the leaves and branches, limbs flailing, eyes fluttering against the back of his skull. He came up against a tree and lay still.
He twitched, listening to the rustle of the trees above, but hearing them as roars. As the roars of his people and the shouts of Men.
Chapter 10: “Cut ‘im to pieces!”
O’Shea grabbed the net and tore the rider off his horse. He swung his arms at the two men behind him, trying to batter him down with their rifle butts. None of them wanted to kill the troop, that was obvious. Bound and netted in snorting, thrashing heaps about the meadow, even a brute like O’Shea could tell that much.
He caught an attacker’s head under his arm, the man crying out in surprise, then disgust at the rotted-meat stink of the gorilla’s glands releasing their stressed and angry perfume. The exclamation was short-lived however, as his neck popped at O’Shea’s sudden clench.
But he wasn’t O’Shea then, was he? He was just that brute, that snarling, roaring beast howling at the men charging around his home. Nets and ropes, rifle shots to scare his wives and doubles. The gorilla’s head was beginning to ache and he realized the other man was still behind him, battering him with the gun butt. He turned with a snarl and sunk his fangs into that screaming face.
A shot punched his shoulder, then his leg. He threw the man aside and charged, the sun bright behind the silhouette of another rider, peering down his rifle with no thought whatever toward taking this one prisoner. There was a flash and the ape fell back, the wind pushed from his chest.
Only words and scenes then, his eyes always open, which is perhaps why they thought he was dead. If he breathed, it wasn’t often. Enough to keep himself alive, or at least, keep from dying.
His eyes stayed open, but the sky went black. No smells, no noise in a nothing world. When it came on again it was blue and bright. Smells again. Noises. 
He was picked up and carried. The creak of a net beneath him, like a sling. Two men at each of his feet. The sky went out. It came on again, moving overhead, the blur of palm leaves to either side. A cart or wagon. Bodies twitched beside him. He could smell his wives and doubles, hear them growling in their ropes and nets. The sky went out.
“– cause he ate fuckin’ Champ’s face the fuck off, is ‘why’.”
“Who cares?”
“And broke Hobie’s neck!”
“Who cares?!”
The sky was back on, but dark now. Its own evening-dark. The gorilla lay on the ground, flickers of firelight and men moving in the corner of his eye. The flap of a tent to one side, the voices from there.
“You have plenty of goddamn males, Luzon!”
“These natives are expendable. These trips cost a fortune –”
“I have a reputation in these parts. I love these fuckin’ niggers and they love me. I take ‘em out, I bring ‘em back!”
“One of these silverbacks is worth a hundred natives! A thousand!”
“You’ll recoup! Shit, hands and feet go for a piece. Doc can take his hide, teeth, fuckin’ chinks grind up their balls for powders an’ whatnot. You’ll recoup.”
“A fraction. A fraction of what such a specimen is worth to the Menagerie.”
“Well, tough shit n’ ain’t nothin’ in my contract says I gotta let my porters git eaten. You pay what you owe –”
“Forget it, Spiegel. I’ll pay for all but the dead one.”
“Dead one’s cash money.”
“If Hector can preserve his parts sufficiently.”
“He can.”
“Then I’ll split that with you.”
“Fuck you, Maurice –”
The sky went out.
It came back on at sunrise. Men moved around him, black, white. Long coats and hats, loincloths and sandals. Horses. The ape tried to move. The sky went out. It came on.
“Fo’ what?”
“Luzon say take to the doc. Hans, feet, ever’ting.”
“Roll ‘im.”
Several natives stood between the gorilla and the tent, then all bent suddenly at the knees.
“Who take hans?”
“Hans an’ feet bote. Make med’cine.”
The men grunted and the ape went onto his side. He saw another line of native legs. He landed on his face. He stared very hard at the weave of the rough net below him.
“Liff!”
“Wha?”
“Liff, liff! Liff ‘im up!”
The gorilla watched the ground pull away. He swayed as the men grunted and shuffled. Their shadows danced on the ground beneath the net. The ground went out.
The sky came on. Or rather, the ceiling of a tent. The gorilla kicked on the table, catching a man in the shoulder. The man flew into some shelves, bottles crashing. He dropped his knife.
The beast looked around himself, other plank tables covered in blood, straps for the legs and feet. None for him. Distantly, he understood this was because they thought he was dead. 
It was a strange sensation, this thought. Strange too, not to simply leap off the table right then in a blind frenzy.
“What’s going on?” came a voice.
The ape got off the table, but carefully. He lost his balance anyway and crashed onto another table, low against the wall, full of maps and papers. 
“Get Spiegel! Luzon, someone!”
The beast hung over the table, staring down at the things under his arms. They crinkled like leaves when he twitched. His legs were trembling. 
“Hurry!” the man shouted.
The ape tried to stand. He sighed and sank back. 
“Jesus Christ, the fuck is all this?”
He turned. The voice from the night before. He stood in vest and hat, holding a rifle. He pointed it suddenly at the gorilla.
“He’s not dead,” the first man said.
“No fuckin’ shit.”
The creature continued to look at the man.
“Spiegel!”
Another man ran up behind. Black coat and pants, beard, trailing smoke from a cigar. The other voice.
“He’s alive, Maurice. You owe my other half.”
Smokeman ducked in the tent and slapped the rifle away.
“Not if you goddamn kill him!”
The ape’s leg hurt. His back, too. His head...he couldn’t explain his head. It hurt, yes. But...
He grunted. The men twitched.
The ape was unsure of the exact sensation. Not pain, not anger. Not hunger, not fear. He slid off the table to his knees. He slumped to his side and lay lengthwise, looking underneath it at the tent wall behind. Shadow legs ran back and forth across the fabric.
“Now, he fuckin’ dies?”
“Quiet, Luther. Doctor, get over here.”
The smokeman knelt at the ape’s head, hand on his shoulder.
Luzon.
“His wounds are bleeding.”
“He’s bled out, Maurice,” said the rifleman.
Spiegel.
“He is not, he is...it was some sort of paralysis. Stasis. Doctor, thank you, look here. Can you tend to him?”
The knifeman knelt at the gorilla’s back and prodded through his fur.
Hector.
“Yes, let’s get him up.”
Chapter 11: The Trail of Corpses
The gorilla came awake under the moonlight. He got up on one elbow, on his side. He put a hand to his head. He lay back. He stared up through the branches. He’d long since learned to coordinate his own reckoning of the sun and moon with how Men measured time. Sunset at 7:30, the men had come an hour later. Looking up where it moon was now, it was after 10:00. 
Out for an hour or so. Take it slow, go see how far they’ve gone.
The ape sat up heavily and grunted and shook himself. He knuckled quickly down the rest of the path, toward his stolen horse and Charity. Both stood quietly at the edge of the wood and munched grass while they looked down the rocky slope.
The gorilla huffed by, crunching over twigs and dead leaves to the rim of it. That big moon cast smooth, milky light upon the town, the desert, the telegraph poles drooping south along the Cristobals. Upon several black shapes on the bright, desert road, miles out. 
The old man spoke of the Royal like a woman: ‘Givin’ foolish men hope with an obvious route through an unforgiving nightmare’, as he put it. The tall man’s horses were whipped from the escape, so they might camp, but that would leave another 80, 90 miles to the border. Straight under the sun to make up for lost time. Even this time of year, O’Shea knew that would go hard. 
He looked down the slope and saw the shapes of two other mounts and a man. 
Horses should be tired, too, with one rider switching between them all. 
Unless it was the tall man below.
Please don’t be the tall man.
He’d stop and make sure before he set out. If it was, well, those other men were as much a part of it. Not as satisfying, but still necessary.
The gorilla grunted and turned back up the wooded path, stopping to pat Charity on the snout. He would have to saddle her from the other horse. She wasn’t as fast as the other horse, but that didn’t matter. He had no other friends in the World of Men.
He first set to unstrapping that mount’s gear, in case it wandered off on him. He was surprised it hadn’t, at least to go back up toward the cabin. As the ape bent to his work, he saw why. The glow of fire far, far up, smoke billowing against the sky. It’d spread across the creek then. The town would be awake to it soon. Men from the other mines would be rushing down there, panicked. He didn’t have so much time, after all.
He dropped the saddle and untied the saddlebags. Rifling through, it was mostly man-things. A pot, a mirror, a book. He set aside a jar of preserves and a box of ammunition. Then he snuffed and knuckled and pounded up the slope, stopping at the crashed horse, black eyes bulging. Bloody foam at its mouth where it’d panicked at the broken legs. Trying to chew through its bit. The ragman lay beneath it, ground into the dirt for the horse’s spasms. Face purple and bloated, mouth forced open from the pressure of the thing across its belly and legs.
O’Shea had no time to work the beast off him and get anything in his pockets. No need for his small caliber, wherever it’d gone. He tore at the saddlebags instead, dumping them out. Man-things again. Some tin cans, which he tossed back in, along with something he knew well. He lifted it and sniffed the wood.
Oh, yes.
He continued farther up. Smoke met him partway, starting along the trampled body of the neckman. O’Shea found his hat on the way, blown against a tree. He yanked it on and knuckled over to the corpse.
His gun lay near him, he wore only one. The gorilla got the belt off and holstered the gun and draped the belt over his neck. He patted the body, plucking out a paper pack of cigarillos and a pewter box of matches. He grunted. The old man brought him cigars from town every so often. 
There was also a small sack of gold in the man’s frock coat, one of the old man’s ‘traveling pouches’. O’Shea looped its drawstring through the gunbelt at his waist and headed back down. Behind him, the fire snapped and spit and made a crashing noise as a tree came down. There was the throaty eee-oooonk! of the mules, trying to find safety under the weight of their dead brothers. O’Shea moved faster, wisps of ash chasing around his ears.
He dumped his finds near Charity, the other horse still standing calmly by. O’Shea fitted the saddle to his horse, cinching it under her belly and staring beneath this up the slope. The fire started on the branches at the top of the path. He heard distant shouts. Gunfire. Warnings for others to wake up.
The gorilla tied on the ragman’s saddlebags and put the preserves and ammo in with his tin cans. The wooden box he kept by itself in its own bag around the other side. 
He set to his gunbelts. He took them off his waist and chest and laid them on the ground. He wasn’t even sure what he had. A Colt, yes, two of them off the brokeman. A pair of Schofields off the man by the creek he’d shot in the head. The neckman at the top of the path had another Schofield.
O’Shea glanced up at the fire and then at the belts, arranging the bullets. He’d been reloading at random and there were several empty loops. He grubbed while he ate, peeling some bark from the tree in front of him. He soon had two of the belts half-full each, then his waist belt nearly full. The men had been prepared when they attacked the old man. Ready for anything.
Well, almost anything.
Then the gorilla gnawed at one of the double-holster belts until the holster came off and he put the belt over his shoulder. He buckled it in front, fitting the now single holster under his arm. He crossed this with the actual single-holster belt, loading and slotting a Colt into each one. A tough fit on one side, but he made it work.
Then freshly loaded Schofields around his waist, dangling with the traveling pouch of gold. The spare Schofield in the small of his back. He stood to his full height and shimmied, settling it all into place. Spare Schofield didn’t work for him. He pulled it out and dropped it into a bag. Then he tugged his hat brim firm and vaulted onto Charity.
They headed down the slope.
Slowly.
Chapter 12: “He’s not of this world!”
“’Cause I ain’t ridin’ bitch, Pete, so git down,” Straw said.
Pete grumbled and swung off, gesturing to the saddle.
“All yours.”
They were at the bottom of the slope, standing among the partly burst horses and mangled Laird. They could see smoke from the fire up there, but not too big yet. Straw tugged his brim again, trying to make it sit right. He’d found his boot, but had to take the dead man’s hat.
“Fuckin’ Lyle,” Pete said, as Straw swung on.
“Who?”
Pete pointed.
“Him. Lyle.”
Straw couldn’t even pretend that was interesting.
The others were quiet about the accident, everyone still waiting for the demon. Vasquez cupped his hands to help Pete jump on behind Straw. It was them in the middle, then Vasquez and the last new guy, Evans, one to each side.
The horses were done for the ruckus coming down, but Straw hied on anyway, getting a good trot through the trees toward town. Just shy, they went south and came onto the crisp, flaky desert looking out with the Cristobals shoved to one side and nothing on the other. 
He kept a glance over his shoulder and had the others do the same. Second the thing appeared, they’d cut back and go for town. Hide out. If they got too far and nothing yet, stand and fight or hell-bend into the waste, however the horses would have things.
They made a good piece though, and Pete shifted off to ride with Vasquez. Evans stayed quiet mostly, but then, none of his friends were left. He’d been with Wendell, to Straw’s recollection. Or maybe Becker. One of them. Maybe brothers.
“Yer brother?” Straw asked suddenly. He’d checked behind for the hundredth time and nothing yet. The slope and town were miles back, but damn sure not too far for the demon, if it came to that. The trail was firm and obvious, but the mountains beside were like a string of hooded men, heads bent for some sorrowful prayer.
Straw had half-wondered someone shouldn’t go up the slope and check. He wasn’t willing himself, so felt foolish to mention it, given their losses. Thousands, shit, maybe millions in gold. Six men lost – only two that mattered, but still – plus, how much ammo and pistols and horses? Six horses! No, seven.
Goddamn mount couldn’t take an easy slope like that. Foolishness.
“What?” Evans asked.
“What?” Straw asked, lost in thought.
“My what?”
“What? Oh, yer brother. Up there. Wendell?”
“Wesley,” Pete said, behind the Mexican.
“Yer brother,” Straw said.
“Naw, it was Bockman,” Evans said. “Friend o’ mine. I knew ‘em all, but Bock n’ me went back a ways.”
“Huh,” Straw said, looking behind them again.
“Parece que no viene,” Vasquez said, hooking a thumb over his shoulder.
Straw shrugged.
“He will be.”
“What’s the plan then, Tutt?” Pete asked.
“Keep on,” Straw said. “’Nother job, I guess. How much y’got left?”
“From the bank? Enough. Couple hunnerd.”
Straw had cleaned out his own saddlebags, stuffed most on Pete’s horse, so with whatever Pete had in there, it was certainly enough. For Straw, anyway. Few thousand. He had a small bag from the old man – they all did, one or two. They’d done a quick check of Laird and his horse, but it was hell with the guts and all splashed around. Another small sack from that, though. 
We got plenty. Well, me and Vasquez. Maybe Pete.
Straw looked to one side at Evans, lit in an aura against the moon and nothing desert. His other side, Pete was looking dead over Vasquez’ shoulder, the prayerful giants beside. No damn idea in his flattop skull. 
Maybe not Pete, after all. 
Vasquez was watching Straw, reading his thoughts. Giving his own:
Si el demonio viene, voy aventar a este al suelo y tu le disparas al caballo del nuevo para que se caiga y se quede tirade.  
A fine plan, but Straw just went ‘Huh.’, as though this were of no interest whatsoever.
Si el demonio…‘If the demon comes.’ Well, question was not what to do if. It was what to do when. When the sun came up, when they decided if they were doing another job, getting another crew, charging back against the demon so they could get up the mountain and snatch whatever gold hadn’t melted into the ground. All their looks behind – well, Straw’s looks – hadn’t revealed the thing, but they had showed his hellfire. Whole goddamn place would be damnation by sunup. Maybe the demon could head home, then.
Fuck had it come from, anyway? 
What kind of animal – if that’s what it was – could that thing be? No animal looked like a man. Not a hairy man. If it was a man, where from? How the hell it learn to shoot? Was it some wild thing in the mountain? Some actual hell-creation? The old man get-on with damn coyotes?
“Where you suppose?” he asked, not realizing it was out loud until Vasquez glanced at him.
“Tal vez sea de este mundo, pero eso no importa. Hace el trabajo de Dioses.”
“What’s he say?” Pete asked.
“He said be quiet,” Straw said. “Switch up.”
Vasquez reined in and Pete slid off the back, trotting behind Straw toward Evans. The man sighed and halted his mount, slipping down to help boost Pete up. Straw and Vasquez exchanged a few unspoken words while the two got themselves settled.
Now, we got them both together, Straw didn’t say.
Yo ire alrededor, por atras de ti y lentamente salgo por el otro lado, Vasquez didn’t reply.
“Comes down to a new plan,” Straw said, as they nicked their mounts onward. “I say on to th’ first stage house, Caballo Springs. Asked around town just in case, it’s 10, 20 miles on.”
“Well which?”
“Fucked if I know, Pete! That’s what they tol’ me!”
Any time they’d gone to San Salome, Straw had always brought his crew west, around the other side of the Cristobals. Sometimes east. There they came through Guadalupe Pass just shy of the border. A man avoided this desert if he could. Damn little water, awful heat and Apaches by the score. 
Only relief was the few station houses. Word was, just two-three of ‘em for the next 70 miles until Ft. Selden, where the Grande picked up again. Selden was another problem though, cavalry out on patrol for them Injuns.
“We start with some fresh horses,” Straw said.
“Then what?” Evans asked.
“Keep on to San Salome.”
“I ain’t,” Evans said.
“The fuck not?”
“Fuckin’ demon’s why. This world or no, it killed Bock n’ Wesley. I knew ‘em both. Killed yer fuckin’ friends, too. We brought it on us, but we got nothin’ t’show. Fuck that thing.”
“El tiene razon,” Vasquez said. His horse began to drift out of sight, behind Straw.
“What point? He took out six, for fuck’s sake,” Straw said. “Like nothin’! He come for us, we do what?”
“Corrimos como unos tontos,” Vasquez said, his horse cutting around and coming up Evans’s other side. Pete turned his head to watch. “El fuego, la bestia de la naturaleza, todo fue muy fuerte. No habia manera de llevar las mulas…íbamos apresurados.”
“My ass,” Straw said. “We’d stopped to think, he’d have us.”
“Pero ahora, tenemos la ventaja,” Vasquez fell in other side of Evans, giving Pete a small nod.
Straw laughed.
“La ventaja!” Vasquez snapped. “A nuestro alrededor hay desierto plano y sabemos hacia donde ir. Vamos hacia la central hasta que lo veamos venir. Le disparamos hasta que caiga. Despues conseguimos caballos nuevos para seguir hacia el sur.” 
“Take the place, then?” Straw asked, as though not buying a word. “Hold out at the station?”
“Si.”
“Hold our what?” Pete asked. “What’s he sayin’?” 
“Shush,” Straw said.
“C’mon, Tutt,” Evans said.
“You too, Evans,” Straw barked. “Quiet up.”
“Estes,” the man said.
“You what?”
“My name’s Estes.”
“Is not.”
“Know my own name, Tutt.”
Straw sighed and sagged in his saddle a beat. He realized he hadn’t checked behind in a while. 
He did.
He wished he hadn’t.
Chapter 13: Chewed Chins & Pistolwhips
The tall man wasn’t the one at the bottom of the slope, and the saddlebags and the corpse itself had been turned out. Nothing of use in what was left. 
O’Shea kicked things over, crouched over some things. Man-things.
He saddled up, taking Charity through the spare trees and scrub grass toward the back end of town. It was starting to move on the fire. Horses and riders came off the mines – some better paths farther down – and a bell went up, a few of them, in town itself.
The gorilla reined Charity to the side then, south. A few people with torches or lanterns appeared, straying toward the outskirts, men with horses riding off main street up toward the mountain. 
“Hey, who’s that?”
“You see ‘im?”
O’Shea kept low, wincing at the scrape of a few low branches before breaking out under the moon and stars. He rode the flats, glancing up at the mountains keeping pace beside. Slowly he began to angle east, trampling onto the road as it ran past into town. 
Charity was well-rested, moreso than the tall man and his friends, but a full gallop wouldn’t solve things. It was too dark, even with the moon out. Charity turned a hoof or broke a leg, that was it. And if he caught the tall man at a gallop, the horse would be dried out. No way to catch up if his enemy somehow got away. 
We’ll go fast, but not too fast. A good jog, then a trot, huh? 
The horse snorted.
Back and forth like that It’ll be fine..
A couple hours for the tall man at a similar pace wouldn’t come to much. Especially at night. An extra rider to change off every so often, plus coming down the mountain, they’d have to walk their mounts some. If they could still pull more out of them, it wasn’t the full span Charity could easily do in the next few hours. It gave the tall man plenty of time to see them coming, but there’d be nothing for the fool to do except run until he dropped.
Besides, he and his men were too far out now to turn back. Nowhere to go but south. All O’Shea knew of south was what Masters had told him as they came from the north. Riding at night, the ape hiding in the wagon. Their piece of the Royal Road had given them plenty of trouble, but nothing, the old man said, compared to the south. 
“Think this is bad? Shit, you should see the last 100 miles. Kill ya, it would!”
Once he’d arrived and helped build the cabin, the ape had never left. The mountains suited him fine and what views he had of the Jornada Basin weren’t to be lingered on. Supposedly, like they had along its northern stretches, there were a couple stations toward the border, with well water and horses. If a man was in any shape to use them by the time he arrived, that is.  
Well, if the tall man went to a station then O’Shea would, too. If he got a fresh horse, O’Shea would, too. Wherever he went, whatever he did, the gorilla would be right behind. He couldn’t make the tall man out yet, out ahead, but would soon enough. If the man went east, west, or stopped to fight, O’Shea would see him well before he arrived himself. The moon was still big, and after that, nothing but sunlight.
The ape’s vision wasn’t perfect, no. He didn’t have the best eyes. Or ears. But his brain knew this, so he paid better attention. Better than Men who took their inherent skills for granted.
And the tall man couldn’t just keep riding. He’d have to camp or stand his ground, one of the two. And once he and his men saw O’Shea, they’d have to decide. Maybe they’d run. Maybe. They wouldn’t get far though, before their horses folded.
The gorilla smiled a mesh of yellowed fangs, snapped the reins, certain all would be solved very soon. Hard as he could, Charity swelling and shifting beneath him. It was after 10:00, then just before 11:00. His quarry would hear the hooves before long. See his silhouette coming and that was fine. O’Shea entertained himself with thoughts of the tall man, of torture and mayhem.
It helped him ignore his own wounds. His leg and shoulder. The ricochet off his head. That one hurt the most, though it was only a bone chip. Small caliber compared to Spiegel’s rifle, gone clean through. His leg too, wasn’t bad, all considered. It hurt, but was only a deep graze. His shoulder though, it ached and while it didn’t feel deep, it’d stiffened while he’d slept.
Even if he didn’t have the strength of ten men with muscles thicker than suitcases though, he wouldn’t have cared. 
Of course, I’d probably be dead by now.
He hurt anyway. Moving helped, but hurt, too. The old man would have known what to do. Dig the bullet out like his ticks, or when he got a splinter. O’Shea had watched him work and if he had the time, knew he could manage. Not his first problem at the end of a gun, by any stretch. Or any weapon. He’d been speared, knifed, even mauled by a lion. The wound wasn’t the problem.
Problem was, how many more he got before he got the tall man.
And if he got himself gutted for his trouble, strung up, cut up, it was worth it. So long as the tall man lay dead at his feet, that was O’Shea’s own pile of gold. 
After 11:00, jouncing in the saddle, breeze ruffling his fur, the gorilla chained the tall man in his mind. Left him to dangle over a fire. Clubbed him with a pistol and sat on his chest, then ate him. Chewed up his cheeks while he screamed. Bit off his chin.
O’Shea grunted happily ‘heh, heh’ in forcing his black, leather thumbs into the man’s eyes and spitting into the holes. Charity sensed his tension and snorted, but the ape bowed low over her neck and patted her.
Keep going.
And so they kept, 11:30, then midnight, throwing dust and watching the moon move. The fortress of the Cristobals raced along one side, dead trees and leaning cactus on the other. The horizon sat flat as a blade, the shapes ahead fearing for their lives. Then they seemed to spur suddenly ahead and disappear. 
Whatever you’re doing, it’s not enough.
Whatever the tall man had just done, nothing stood between him and the horizon but more horizon. O’Shea would find him. Punch him in the belly and pull out his guts. Better than beating him to death on the slope. Better than gouging his eyes. The tall man would sink to his knees in agony and amazement and gape up at his killer. Piss and blood would spurt out, staining the cracked desert floor.
Not enough.
O’Shea wrapped the guts around the man’s neck and pulled tight, bending down to leer into that frightened, foolish face. The tall man cried of course, and begged for mercy. The ape walked away then, trailing the rope of shitty sausages behind him.
Better.
O’Shea flared his big nostrils at the imagined smell, ears pricking at the phantom cries of the dying tall man. Dragging him like a load across the desert while he gripped the rope coming out of his stomach.
Much better.
It would be piss and shit and blood, for the tall man. Screaming over his own guts until he died.
Eventually.
The gorilla rode on.
Chapter 14: Caged in Chaos
On the boat, the beast’s mind went on and off. Like the world after he was shot, on and off. Though now, in his cage, it wasn’t the world – or the cage – that went away, it was him. 
He was there, seeing something, hearing something, then would feel his eyes widen. His breath would slow and he would stare far, far off at some unseen point. He would forget himself for hours, and then blink around the dark ship’s hold, strangely at peace. Every time, he was a little calmer coming out of it, a little more aware of what was happening. 
Why his wives and doubles insisted on screaming themselves red, for one thing. Where were they? What was happening? Where were the children? seemed to be the general concerns.  
At first, the ape had joined them and gripped his bars to rattle them in a terrible racket. Then he grew tired, then he rested in the corner. Then the world went out and it was longer coming to him the next time, that desire to do it again.
But he did, though not for as long. He had ceased to roar after that, then do much more than grab the bars and put his cheek to the metal, eyes closed. They expected more from their Chief, he knew. To war with the Men. To lead his family. But to where? And how? His people had lost their minds there in the dark. 
The beast knew it like he knew so many things these days. It was simply there, in his head, giving him peace. He wanted to share this among the wet, rusted cages stacked in the darkness around him, but the thoughts had no words. The gorilla had plenty of words, little as he knew what most of them meant. Men’s names, he knew. Boat. Ape. Food. The others were a blur, cried out by the deckhands throwing in Food or blasting the Apes with hoses to clean the shit and piss on their Boat.
Sometimes, after the beast came out of his long thoughts, he would hear one of the words again and suddenly know what it meant. He didn’t know the ones for ‘this will end’, but he knew it would. To his family, no, the dark and sopping hold was the only world. The way it rode up and down on the water, the scurry of men on all sides. It was forever and it had driven them insane.
The gorilla was angry, of course, he knew Angry from Spiegel. Spiegel being Angry, calling the animals Angry. The gorilla was also Angry. But there was nothing for it. It would get him nothing in this already horrifying world except sticks through the bars or jabbed torches or men banging the bars with the butts of their rifles.
He would have to wait and see what the Men wanted. ‘Agenda’ was also unknown to the gorilla, a ‘Why’ of anything, but he could sense its presence. An inkling of what awaited in the process of certain events as they unfolded. Like how he always knew when to eat, back in the jungle. When to fuck, when to fight. A day would unfold a certain way and would point him, unerringly, to his desire for this or that.
He had always trusted it and now understood that Men were the same way. However, they didn’t rely on some internal pull within themselves to decide what to do. They simply did it. And these things they did, many of them alongside other Men – all doing what they wanted – would overlap and cause still other things to happen.
Coming to the beast’s jungle and capturing his troop. Shooting him in the head, sparing him when he regained consciousness. These all were decisions made by Men to arrive at some other point in the future. Men did nothing without it serving themselves, the ape was learning, so the boat, the animals, the dark hold, all helped Men in some way. 
It only made sense. He knew enough of Men to know they did not live in such places as the dark hold. Men walked on land, not water. The Boat was a means of travel. The beast and his family, the baboons, the chimps, the poor elephant and lions and the (the ape could not guess how) rhino, all were being taken somewhere.
It made him Angry, but it was not the whole world. It would end, for the Men made things as easy as they could. They were lazy and foolish. If this was being done, it was done for their own ends. Their own result. And they would never allow a world of cold cages and warm, sweaty greens and jabs with sticks through the bars, to be their whole world.
So the gorilla sat in the corner of the cold, dark cage and waited for it to end. He let his thoughts take him out of the world, over and over. There was only the light at the far end of the makeshift passage between the cages to mark anything like time. And this, only when the doors opened or closed. As he drifted in and out, he would lose track of when he’d last saw the light, so never knew if seeing it ten times was ten days or ten times the same day. He couldn’t bring himself to care.
He would know when the Boat stopped. When the Men took them out of their cages with the collars on long sticks and the whips and threats with bright knives. He had no conception of what awaited at the end of this. A ‘Why’, when the collar came off and the knives went away. 
Death? The Men had tried very hard to keep all the animals alive. Luzon had been very excited when the ape hadn’t died from Spiegel’s gunshot. Angry, in fact, with Spiegel for having shot him in the first place. 
Food? Men ate their meat where they killed it. And Men – most Men – didn’t eat gorillas or lions or any of the beasts present in the dark hold.
Torture? They were poorly treated, but there was ample opportunity to do worse to the animals and they hadn’t. 
None of this yet made…’Sense’, the gorilla felt the word was. Not yet. When the Boat stopped, he would know more. 
So he sat in the dark and drifted away. 
And waited. 
Chapter 15: “What have you done?!”
“How much farther?!” the man shouted.
“Not far, Evans, quiet up!” Straw spat.
“It’s Estes!”
Straw waved him off.  Who cared, he was talking to a dead man. Straw was watching the shack out there. About a half mile out in the desert. At first he thought it was the station, but as they got farther down the road, he realized it was too small.  
Perfect for the demon, though.
Straw whipped his reins, hyah! and pulled off the trail, headed for that leaning clapboard rectangle. 
“What’re you doin’, Tutt?”
“Quiet up, Pete!”
Part of an old swing house, tool shed, outhouse, who knew. Small thing, maybe six by ten, but he’d make it work. Do a thing out there, then back on toward the stage house.
And Caballo Springs would suit them fine. Couldn’t be more than a few boys guarding it up this time of night. Maybe a few guests, but that could be dealt with. Any hard-types among ‘em, Straw would press into service.
Then, they’d wait out the demon. Plenty of open ground, get some rifles up on the roof, pick away at their leisure.
He looked over at Evans and Pete, then past them to Vasquez. The Mexican looked at Straw and nodded.
At the shack, Straw didn’t say.
Entendido, Vasquez didn’t reply.
Straw checked behind, the demon growing larger. Half hour back, maybe less. He was coming with a quickness.
They slowed as they neared the shack, Straw getting out ahead and dancing his horse lengthwise in front of Evans. He had his Colt out, slamming the hammer as Vasquez came up behind. The animal bucked and pedaled its forelegs, crying that woman cry of tortured horseflesh. It toppled, Pete throwing up his arms and falling, Evans trying to hold the reins for a second until he realized it’d find him trapped under the beast. He went down anyway, the big winesack of guts slamming his leg and busting blood all over him.
“Motherfucker!” he shouted. 
He was scrambling, trying to get a gun out. Pete was rolling over on the ground, looking for his hat.
“The hell was that, Tutt?”
Vasquez rode past Pete and clipped him with the pistol. Pete yelped and fell to a knee.
“Hyah!” Straw barked and wheeled his mount. He and Vasquez clobbered off, popping a few shots behind to keep either man from getting an idea. Mainly Evans. Pete wouldn’t know what was what until the demon found him.
Nice to keep two more guns, but the distraction was crucial. They’d need time to bust in and ruckus up the guards. Check around for any rifles they had, any hard-types. Put down any guests or hire them up, too. Block the doors, get some horses ready if need be, get a lookout on the roof going.
Straw and Vasquez exchanged a grin as Straw holstered up, tugging his hat brim. They both rode straight into the desert, forward and up a bit in the stirrup, snapping the reins side to side. Nice, clear tracks out to the shack from the trail, then they’d just run south, that half mile off the trail until they reached the station. By the time the demon noticed, they’d be home free.
Hopefully. The horses were about baked and had that keen beast-sense like the demon himself. They seemed to know that fast would never be fast enough, try as they might. Their eyes kept rolling and their manes kept whirling.
Straw looked behind. Nothing. Out ahead, flat desert with a small shape far, far up on the right, beside the mountains. Soon, the station roof began to shove above the curve of the world. Then the walls, the doors. He called to Vasquez and headed them back toward the trail.
Just a little bit of gold for any kind souls in that place willing to trade some time to fight off his problems. A promise for more, of course. And if they said no, well, good luck spending what they’d been given with their fuckin’ heads stomped by a goddamn demon.
Straw had no doubt about that. Anyone who stood between that thing and Tutt Strawhan would have serious troubles.
Straw looked behind as they trampled onto the road. Nothing. Quarter mile on, the station sat back a bit, big front lot for the stages and wagons to pull off. Stables on the far side, a few shapes on the roof of the main place. 
Rifles. 
Would he tell them outright they had a demon? Man fought like the dickens if he felt his soul was at stake.
They wouldn’t believe him of course, until they saw it. They might try to bargain with it, though. A person would tell a spirit anything, do anything, if it meant a moment more in the world of men. If Straw said it was some claim jumper or bandit, well, they’d learn the truth just as quick.
No, demon would be fine. Less explaining, then. Damn thing rose up, tried to steal their souls. Simple as that.
He and Vasquez waved a hand coming in the front lot, the long rectangle of the house clear as a bell under the moon. Big double doors, lanterns in windows on either side. Porch running the length of the place. Hitching posts flanked the wide steps leading up.
Waist-high balcony above all this, just as long. Windows between the glass-paned doors leading into quarters. The flat roof overhung all that, the hump of a painted sign on top in worn script. 
Caballo Springs welcomes what’s left of the Strawhan Gang. 
“Hey, now!” Straw called out. He heeled the horse one hand and raised the other. Vasquez did the same.
A shadow on the roof spoke down, just behind the sign. On its belly, a rifle pointed at them the whole way, no doubt.
“What’s your bidness?” came the voice.
“Troubles,” Straw shouted.
“Injun?”
“Wish it was,” Straw said. “Got a real piece o’ action behind us. ‘Splain inside, if I could.”
“Those yer guns earlier?”
“Fendin’ off things best we could,” said Straw.
Another shadow moved other side of the sign.
“Slide off then,” it said, “keep them hands up.”
A lantern disappeared out of the lower window, then one of the double doors creaked open. Another rifle showed, a man in long coat stepping down. The figure with the lantern stayed behind.
“Nice n’ easy,” said the long coat. “Tie yer rides there, drop yer irons beside ‘em.”
Straw and Vasquez did this and headed inside.
Chapter 16: Danger at the Shack!
The shot cracked as O’Shea neared the shack out in the desert. He’d seen the tracks leading off the Royal, hard to miss, so this didn’t surprise him. 
It was a panic shot, no chance of hitting him at this distance. The gorilla tried to reconcile the tall man waiting to ambush him in such a foolish spot with the gunfire he’d heard earlier. Had someone attacked the tall man and forced him to ground? Was he dead? Were his enemies now simply waiting for another victim?
O’Shea hunched low and pulled Charity to a canter. Another shot, the echo rippling against the sky. The shack was straight ahead so he nudged the horse a bit more east - with some southern drift - so not to rile the gunman further.
A third shot, Charity shaking her mane.
We’re fine, horse. Someone’s just nervous, is all.
A minute passed, then two. No more shots. When they were in line with the place, O’Shea drew the Colts from under his arms. He heeled Charity straight on with a rough snort – which the horse took for hyah! – and leveled the irons, snapping shots from each big, powerful fist. He aimed for that black rectangle, silhouette chips breaking off its boards and pinwheeling into the moonlight. A shadow appeared from the side of it, one wall growing an arm and leg and part of a hat. 
A rifle came up.
BANG!
The bullet zipped past, O’Shea slotting the Colts and letting himself slip off the saddle. He somersaulted across the dust and came up with the Schofields now, pow! pow! and hopped on his haunches to one side, away from the shadowman. He saw a horse between himself and the narrow shack with a figure on its back, still breathing.
Another crack and a spindle of dust spurted near the gorilla’s foot. He hopped again, returning fire. The man on his back was one of the tall man’s crew. The shadowman wasn’t tall enough to be the man himself, so what had tall man done? Shot out the horse to serve up his own people?
O’Shea grunted. 
He fears me that much.
The figure on the ground seemed to arrive at a decision and tried rolling onto his side, his leg still pinned beneath the horse. There was the glint of a pistol and O’Shea was somersaulting again, back the way he came. This brought him into view of the rifle however, and it was a race, the Schofields barking against the shadowman, him blasting shots on O’Shea’s trail as he ran toward Charity.
She knew enough to stay clear and had trotted a ways off, the ape diving at last and rolling up behind her back legs. The rifle pinged another go, dust popping nearby. Kneeling, the ape cracked open the Schofields and thumbed in new loads. From the metallic shhk! shhk! behind the shack, the shadowman was feeding his own weapon.
O’Shea aimed out behind Charity’s rump, then glanced up. The saddlebags. He fired twice to discourage the shadow, then once at the dead horse, then tucked the pistols away. He half-stood and tucked his hands in a bag, then dropped down. He set the wooden box on the dirt, then quickly around Charity’s other side to dig deep for the cigars and matches.
Hunched behind her once more, the ape lifted the box lid and tufted off the straw. Then the cigar pack, chomping one of the things between his fangs. He thumbed a match from the pewter case and sucked, puffing the stogie as he snatched a stick from the box and ran. 
Charity bolted at a new volley of shots, the shadowman not expecting flight and cursing when he was forced to come farther out of cover and correct his aim.
By then O’Shea had the dynamite held to his cherry. It spat and sizzled, the bright spark growling down the fuse as he flung it at the shack. He saw the trapped man’s head come up and heard another curse. The shadowman detached from the shack to fully sight on O’Shea and saw it too. Instinctively, he ducked back instead of running away.
The gorilla put an arm up for the blast, a comet strike of shrieking orange fire. Blood spattered his fur, the thump and whap of meat slapping off him through the storm of dust. The ground trembled, vibrations sending a chill up his spine. He coughed and snorted, sweeping his hands at the creamy, billowing clouds to find his way to the impact.
He slid in guts and more meat on the way, the horse and rider strewn well into the desert. He saw a hand, a curve of hairy scalp like part of a broken bowl. A reedy horse leg, tufts of horsehair shivering where it caught on scrub grass. There were groans though, more coughing and O’Shea bent low, drawing his pistols.
The crater was sprayed with blood and black streaks, the shack itself gone. It lay in boards and shatters farther south, a few of them trembling over the raised leg of the shadowman. He was on his back, one arm trying to bend for an elbow to sit up.
As the ape got closer, he saw how pointless that would be. Half the man’s other leg was gone. All the other arm. A short spear of board jutted under the fool’s chin. His eyes were shiny bright, flicking back and forth. O’Shea peered down, toeing off a few planks. He sucked on the stogie with a soft hiss.
“Hrrk,” said the man. 
A splash of blood coughed up and slopped over the rim of his open mouth. The eyes rolled some more, locking on the ends of the pointed pistols.
“Hrrk.”
O’Shea fired.
Chapter 17: Tall Tales & Riflemen
“Impervious demon,” said the man. 
Anderson. He was the one come out the front door. The man with the lantern was Collier. Two on the roof were Zwiebel and Hedgepeth. Blacksmith and the cook, of all things. Both in the Army, once. Zwiebel still up there, the other keeping an eye on Anderson’s back downstairs. Anderson was in charge. They all sat around the dining room table. Straw and Vasquez’s irons in the middle of it. 
Caballo Springs was like any inn, but just one wide, long room. Half was front parlor, dining the other, with swing doors to the kitchen. Stairs going up the middle, clerk’s counter by the front entrance facing the stairs. There were double doors in the far wall, however, for leading out to the livery. No guests tonight. A stage was in around 6:00, long gone now.
Straw set out his story. He was McCoy, working a claim on the mountain when the demon came. Hellfire and perdition, blazes everywhere. Whole town was in a ruckus. For whatever reason, the thing took a liking to Straw and his friends. Killed two of ‘em already, when it caught up at the shack. Straw had shot it down a few times, but it never stayed there.
Impervious.
“Never heard o’ that,” Anderson said now.
“Impervious,” Straw repeated. “And it’ll come here for us. All of us.”
Anderson slid his eyes to Hedgepeth. Both looked at Collier. Older, just some clerk but they all obviously knew each other long enough. Reasonable men, who’d nevertheless seen things. Strange things. Earthbound things, of course, but the world was a big place. As was the one Beyond and reasonable as they might be, they were fearful of wrath as anyone.
Before Anderson could speak further, Straw closed the deal. He leaned back in his chair, digging the pouch from his duster. It thumped on the table.
“Which is?” Hedgepeth asked.
“Gold we was takin’ out our claim,” Straw said.
“He speak?” Anderson asked, pointing at Vasquez.
“Si,” Vasquez said.
“Jus’ Mex?” Collier asked.
Straw shrugged.
“Long as I’ve known him.”
“Uh huh,” said Anderson. He was eyeing the gold, trying not to reach up too fast for it. “An’ this’s for what, ehzactly?”
“We need t’fend it off.”
“You said it’s ‘impervious’.”
“It is. Think, though, fire might cast it back.”
“You said it came in fire,” said Collier.
“So it do. But I don’t claim t’know the workings o’ the Beyond. I know silver, fire, crosses, all holy relics is things t’have against that type.”
“So we burn it?” Hedgepeth asked.
“Blow it up, maybe,” Straw said. “Any powder or dyn’mite?”
“We –” Hedgepeth began.
Anderson cut him off.
“Hol’ on, jus’...wait a minnit.”
“Mr. Annerson, shit,” Straw said, taking his hat off for emphasis. He dropped it beside the guns and gold. “You can delib’rate t’yer sassfaction, but we ain’t gonna conclude a thing ‘til that beast show up n’ has at us. Shoot me down if I’m lyin’. Injuns, bandits, somethin’ ‘sides Somethin’ Else comes in sight, shoot me down. But you will know I speak the truth’n less than a few minnits an’, sir, we will all be in the soup.”
“Thanks t’you, Mr. McCoy.”
“Ain’t nowhere else t’turn. We’re beggin’ help.”
Anderson raised an eyebrow at the gold.
“That ain’t beggin’.”
“You c’n say no. Foolish, but y’can.”
Anderson took the pouch and hefted it.
“We got more n’ that,” Straw went on, “if the mountain ain’t burned down. Plenty back at our piece o’ the world. Even split.” He flicked a hand at Vasquez. “G’wan, there.”
The man reached behind himself and plopped down another bag.
“Got one’r two with our horses, too,” Straw said. “Take ‘em.”
Two grand on the table now, at least. Another two with the horses, maybe a grand from the bank, yet. How the fuck are we still havin’ this conversation?
“Check the horses, Link,” Anderson said.
“Right.”
Collier headed off. The door creaked open and slammed while they sat there.
“How long?” Anderson asked.
Straw shrugged. They’d been there ten minutes about, so he figured another ten. Pete wouldn’t hold the thing off for long and it’d ride like a sonovabitch once that was taken care of. 
“Twenny on the outside.”
“So what’s the plan?”
Straw tried to look like he was open to suggestions.
“Shit. Get a clear sight of it from th’ roof, I’d say. Bullets do slow it, so we go that way. Any powder y’got, any whiskey n’ rags, we chuck those an’ set-to.”
“Burn it.”
“Burn it down, sir. Take its fool head off. Back t’hell he goes.”
Anderson smirked. He wasn’t buying Straw’s Barnum, obviously, but he wondered what the man was thinking with such a tale. He was a curious sort, though, so he was no doubt eager to see just what rode up before too long. That was good by Straw.
“Plenny!” Collier said, hipping the big door shut. He hefted a saddlebag and clanked it down with the irons and gold. Straw got his hat out the way.
Tugging his brim and looking at the pile, he felt the slightest he might’ve overplayed things with the cash. Still had a bit in his boots, though. And truth was, the mountain was blazing and no way anyone’d get the mules and gold off. There’d be something to find if they lived through the night. And if Anderson and his boys didn’t, well, nothing to fret about then. He’d take this whole table back.
Anderson went through the bag, stacking out the paper bills and dropping pouches next to them. He flicked a glance at Straw. He nodded.
“Yeah?”
“Yep.” Anderson stood and began to pocket up. His boys did the same. “No dynamite or nothin’ but we got plenty o’ whiskey. Get on it, Link, bring ‘em here for these gents t’fix on. Clemson, head up n’ talk to Abe. Let ‘im know we got comp’ny comin’. Then set to the rifles. I’ll get out the livery an’ wake Henry n’ the boys, bring ‘em inside.”
“Yessir,” Collier said.
Then the men tugged their lapels and squared their hats. They headed off, stomping up stairs and slamming doors. Straw snorted and looked at Vasquez.
“Luddy muss, Vasquez, m’boy. We actually fuckin’ did it!”
There was a boom in the distance, wobbling toward them like thunder. The Mexican looked at the front door. He looked back.
“Pues como parece que vamos a morir aqui, el nombre es Valdez.”
Straw’s eyebrows went up.
“What?” 
“Valdez.”
“You fuckin’ kiddin’ me?”
“Not kidding.”
“An’ you speak fuckin’ English?”
“Yep.”
Chapter 18: O’Shea Knows the Score
On a diagonal from the shack, the gorilla watched the station’s rectangle beside the Royal grow larger on the horizon. According to the moon, it was almost one in the morning. The tall man had gone a good stretch of miles. Maybe fifteen or so. Not bad.
Not near good enough, but not bad.
Only problem was the approach. Once O’Shea got closer to the road, he’d put himself in a rifle sight. Even in the dark, the moon was enough. There was no chance of riding the road on up to the place. He needed to change his path and move parallel. Stay out of range as long as possible. A quarter mile out he did this, moving across the back of the main house and watching a stack of blocks reveal themselves on the far side. 
Stables. 
The distraction at the shack could’ve given the tall man time to find a glossy new mount. But, there was nothing ahead on that flat horizon. Unless they’d angled blindly into the desert, which, come morning, would kill them easily as O’Shea could. 
If you did take a fresh horse my friend, you better have killed any left in the stalls. 
The gorilla kept on, low in the saddle, one eye on the station. Shadows moved there, standing, then crouching. Perhaps they wondered if he was simply going to ride on. Until another quarter mile past, when he circled back.
Oh, he knew they’d watched him the whole way, but aside from coming down and running across the flats, there was no chance of a hit. Not until he was charging up beside the Royal. Dust billowing, the moon shining on Charity’s glossy hide. He kept the stables between himself and the main house, leaving the tall man out of the game. 
And he was surely on that main house. In O’Shea’s experience, coming with the old man from the north, stations had few guards. If any. Not enough to fully cover the property. There’d be one, perhaps even none, on the stable roof.
There you are.
One it was. Hat and long coat, rifle tucked to his shoulder. He fired as O’Shea closed in, the shot slapping Charity’s rump. She squealed and hitched in place. The ape jerked the reins to set her straight and growled onward.
No choice, horse!
Too much open ground, but that was what guns were for. O’Shea shuffed his Colts out and let go. The shadow on the stables dropped for cover. Men started shouting. The livery swelling up ahead, the ape fired again, as the figure took a chance and popped one in return.
It jabbed into his forearm as he entered the shadows under the eaves. He threw himself to the ground and rolled to his feet. He barked at Charity to clotter off, then hopped back and pressed himself against the wall, firing both barrels overhead.
“Yeah, it’s fuckin’ over here!” came a voice from above. 
Not the tall man’s. Other voices in reply, at the main house.
O’Shea put his ear to the wood. Nickering horses inside, snorts from the gunplay. He edged along, looking up to the roofline. The clump of boot heels, but no one appeared. Then the putter of flames, a bottle smashing the ground in front of him. He growled and leapt away, somersaulting and coming up again. He could be seen in the glow now and fired as a face appeared up there to check its handiwork. A curse as his bullets zipped close and the face went away.
There was a rope halfway down the wall, up to a beam coming out from the hayloft beneath the roof. O’Shea fired again and holstered up, jumping to grab the rope. Hands and feet clenching, he was nearly to the top when the face appeared again, another bottle sailing down. The ape drew and fired as the glass smashed below, flames wooshing. The face disappeared, cursing.
O’Shea hooked his toes to the lip of the entryway and ducked into the dark, musty loft. Bales and feedsacks hunched in the shadows, dust motes floating in the spread of moonlight cutting around his back. He could see the center of the floor cut in a long, wide rectangle, dropping to the horse stalls below.
He listened to the steps above him, following their progress with a Schofield. A chunk of the roof sprayed down behind a shotgun blast, peppering the floor in buckshot. The gorilla scrambled away, climbing over some bales to search for a way up.
He saw it on the side wall, at the short end of the rectangular hole. A plank ladder to a trapdoor. Above, the boots were clumping slowly, unsure if they’d hit something. Another blast, just beside the ape’s perch. He scuttled back and looked to the rafters. He smiled and holstered his gun.
There’s an idea.
He leapt from the bales over to a support post and shinnied up to the spokes of beams radiating under the peaked roof. He gripped one and swung onto it, balanced like a cat. The boots thumped dust into his fur. Voices from the main house called over, the boots answered back. The horses below began to fuss. O’Shea could smell it too, the fire had caught the wall outside.
He could stand and reach the underside of the roof now, and placed his palms there. He felt the vibration of the boots stalking slowly, listening for him. More voices from the house.
“No idea!” the bootman cried. “Maybe I got ‘im!”
The ape couldn’t hear the reply, but its pitch suggested doubt that he was ‘gotten’. He grunted softly and slammed his fists one, two. He roared for good measure and dropped down to the bales, somersaulting away as the shotgun boomed behind him.
As he came up, he grabbed a bale, hurling it to the rafters and thumping the underside again. Scurrying across more bales and sacks toward the ladder, another blast ripped into the loft. Then O’Shea was leaping to the ladder and clambering up.
The bootman turned as the ape rammed his fists up again, the trapdoor torn free and wheeling into the darkness.
O’Shea stood half-in, half-out, pistols swung from under his arms. The man caught it in the side and went to a knee, two more hitting his back. He fell flat and slid some on the shingled slope. The gorilla jumped down as rifle shots pock-pocked from the main house.
He somersaulted again, dropping over the edge of the loft and into the darkness. He landed with a grunt on the hay strewn stretch between the stalls, guns out. The horses watched him over the tops of their doors, snorting against the smoke starting to seep from outside. 
There’s another idea.
O’Shea holstered up and clenched his fist, grunting at the chomp of that rifle into his arm before. He shook it loose.
Later.
Then he knuckled to the heavy main doors and threw the inner bolts there. He grunted back inside, moving to the stalls, one by one.
See you soon, my friend.
Chapter 19: The Vengeful Visitor
“Now my fuckin’ stable!” Anderson snarled, crouched on the edge of the station roof. He and Straw were watching the flames glow behind the building, Zwiebel lying still on the shingle. The demon was back down the trap and from the clanks and slams sounding inside, up to no fuckin’ good.
“I said throw ‘em as he came,” Straw said.
“He maybe didn’t have a shot. Abe!”
No answer.
“Well he didn’t need t’throw straight down,” Straw said. 
He wasn’t helping, but he wasn’t trying. Rattle the man and make him careless. He’d been working everyone’s thoughts best he could as they prepared, trying to get them scared up. Reasonable or no, once they saw the demon, it’d all lock in place.
Scared was panic and panic made a mess. That was why ol’ Abe fucked his throws and was presently burning shit down. Made it hard for the demon now, and if Straw’s new crew was unpredictable, maybe they’d get a shot at the damn thing. If not, well, Straw would just hie out amid the chaos. Burning stable was a good start.
He hoped Vasquez was keeping calm on the bottom floor. And Hedgepeth, in one of the rooms on the upper. The man Henry, the hostler, and his sons had gone off. The boys were young ‘uns, grooms and house help, and Henry said no. He’d considered hiding in the kitchen, then just grabbed two mounts and took north up the road. Away from the hellfire demon.
Suited Straw, though he’d like some fodder to throw at the fuckin’ thing. Shit, maybe it even had a soul and would pause to draw on a kid. But if this was the deal and Anderson gave the nod, well, more important to have him and his boys on board, than some yella horseman and his wet-nosed acorns. There was still Collier, camped out down the hall from Hedgepeth.
“Jesus!” Anderson cried and brought his rifle to bear.
The demon was roaring.
Straw sighted his own piece, a fine Winchester from their lockup back of the kitchen. Then the main doors of the livery blew open, big double squares facing that side of the station. A rush of horseflesh clobbered out, manes lashing. The roar again, shivering the air itself like a thing stuck in the belly and too mean to die.
Anderson began firing, but Straw didn’t make the target. He saw the play though, and tracked the beasts as they spread out in front and behind the station. The demon was using them as cover, that black hump somewhere in it all, hunched behind back legs and fore, keeping low.
“Check front!” Straw yelled as he went to the back, but Anderson was firing and didn’t hear.
Straw aimed into the back lot. Mounts only, trailing dust in every direction. No riders, no one keeping pace beside them. There was the crash of glass and he twisted around, thinking the demon had pulled a trick like with Zwiebel. Anderson was braced behind the front sign though and blasting down, cursing. Wood snapped as he popped loads into the upper balcony.
“Y’see it?” Straw shouted, stomping over.
“Fuck izzat goddamn thing?!” the man shouted. He thumbed shells up the barrel from his pocket, wiping his mouth with a sleeve. “Jesus Fuck-All Christ!”
“I goddamn tol’ you!” Straw barked, leaning past him for a quick peek. His boot clinked the line of ragged bottles they had ready. Holes in the balcony down there and broken glass. It’d leapt up the railing and smashed through a window.
“Ah, fuck.”
It was right below them.
Muffled gunshots and the cry of a man. Of Hedgepeth or Collier, too scared or not scared enough. Straw aimed at the roof, walking a wide circle around where he’d heard the noise. 
“We’re euchered,” Anderson said.
Straw looked at him, then back down his rifle, swung to the trapdoor there in the middle of the roof. They had the bottles, yet. 
Open the thing, throw one on down…
“Y’hear me?”
Straw grunted.
“Ain’t sunk yet.”
“He got yer calicoes,” Anderson said. He shouldered the fresh-loaded rifle and made calm, slow steps to join Straw. “Covered hisself with the stable mounts, shot both at th’ hitchposts an’ jumped from the posts to the balc’ny. Was through the goddamn window slick as soaplock.”
Straw stared down the Winchester, trying to figure the odds and ends whipping open that trap and burning it all down.
“Y’hear me?” 
Demon could be waitin’ below, Vasquez could burn up, fire might not even do its work proper…
“McCoy.”
“Call it then,” Straw said suddenly, standing up straight and cradling the rifle. “If we’re done, we’re done.”
Now he had his way, Anderson shied.
“Well, ‘nother minnit. Then we head.”
“Yer th’ boss.”
Straw brought the barrel back up and crept toward the trap. He hoped Vasquez was behind those stairs like he’d said to, ready to shoot the thing’s legs out if it won Hedgepeth and the clerk and came down for more. It made sense to do that he thought, in the demon’s place.
Keep shooters on the roof and clean house down, then turn and catch anyone coming from the roof to relieve them or hie out. But who knew a demon’s mind. Straw had just talked fast to everyone and tried to mean it while he figured a plan for getting himself away, last minute.
He moved past the trap toward the other end of the roof. The thing was being quiet, but it was too damn big not to creak that floor. 
Anderson came up behind.
“What is –”
“Shht!” Straw held a hand up.
More gunshots, a scream from the end of the station. Collier, probably. It was fretful sounding, like he might do. Anderson swore and marched ahead, gun out. 
“Careful!” Straw hissed.
Anderson stopped, listening.
Silence now, and Straw was sure Vasquez – Valdez, whatever – would’ve made his move already. Unless the demon was backtracking. Maybe sniffed the Mex out from the upper hall. Decided a glance down the stairs was enough. Bottom floor felt too empty.
Straw moved to the edge and looked into the back lot. One or two horses snuffling and staring around the desert. He turned to Anderson as the man rolled a shoulder against his rifle butt and walked a few steps past the trap. He had his barrel aimed low, sweeping it like to track the demon below. 
It’d been on the upper floor, no play from Vasquez, so it was somewhere in that hall. Listening, maybe even taking aim at the ceiling. Maybe even headed back to the room it come in from.
Straw quietly propped his own rifle against the roofline and drew his irons. All dried out, with some loads off Pete. He cocked them slow and strode careful toward the middle, a fist out to each side. The thing was gonna show from somewhere. If not the trap, then through the damn roof itself.
But it stayed quiet.
For the next two seconds, anyway.
Chapter 20: O’Shea Brings the Thunder
The window raked against the gorilla’s shoulders going in, then he was thudding on the hardwood and rolling, crashing a table and chair against the wall. He flinched at the shots biting into these, spraying him with splints and slivers. He kicked them away, blasting blindly to the side, both guns shoved into the room.
Bullets pounded the wall just above him and he rammed out a leg toward the bed, swinging its corner along the floor. The man cried out, stumbling as he’d come in for a closer shot. O’Shea sat up and popped him empty, the long coat and hat throwing its arms back to crash into another table. The gorilla stood and holstered up, drawing from his waist to cover the open doorway.
He glanced at the man, moon through the window across the bed shining on holes still pumping blood from his chest. He huffed small breaths, the glints of his eyes watching O’Shea from the shadows above the shaft of light. The gorilla aimed a barrel at him, cocking the hammer. The man shivered and slid the rest of the way down the wall.
The ape sighed and worked his stiff shoulder, then holstered a pistol and shook out his shot forearm. He drew the pistol again and went into the hall.
It had three more doors on his side. Pictures on the opposite wall. An arch cut there for the stairs down to a landing, then turning with a drop to the main floor. O’Shea looked up at the ceiling, at a square trapdoor midway along. Ladder nailed between the third and fourth doors. He was trying to hear the muffled conversation up past it and decide if any belonged to the tall man. No way to know.
He tucked a gun behind him and slowly opened the second bedroom. He slipped an eye past the jamb at bed, tables, windows either side of the bed looking onto the balcony. He reached a gun in to shove the door rest of the way, the other flush to the wall outside in case anyone was behind it. Still empty.
The third door creaked in behind his Schofield and O’Shea jerked immediately away as a shotgun tore out the top panel. A man screamed and gave him another big barrel, chewing into the jamb. 
The gorilla crashed in, throwing his shoulder and tearing the door off the hinges. It smashed into a table and whapped down flat, a snap of air ruffling the fool’s pant cuffs. He aimed over it, sneering at the villain there against the wall, yelping in surprise.
Small and balding, in a white shirt and vest. He was trembling with the cracked open side-by-side in one hand, the other jittering two new shells from his vest pocket. He threw it all on the floor and held his palms up.
“If we –”
O’Shea fired.
The last room on was empty as well and still nothing from the roof. No shots, no tough talk about showing himself. The tall man was either up there or on the bottom floor. Too many shadows under the stairs for the gorilla to chance going down, but he had a way around that. He could deal with anyone on the roof at the same time. Much as he would’ve liked to find the tall man in the house and sort him out face to face, that wasn’t going to be the way it went.
So he holstered up and squatted at the top of the stairs. He pulled open the traveling pouch where he’d stuffed in a cigarillo and a couple matches. He sucked the swaying orange leaf of the match through the end of a stogie, then pulled it out to blow on the cherry and make it glow, like the old man used to do. He stood up. The villain down there was trying to be quiet, but it changed nothing.
O’Shea had a man’s eyes, ears, a man’s nose. Despite its size, flat and melted looking, with the gaping nostrils, it worked about as well as a man’s. But his mind was something else. A beast’s mind, with a man’s thoughts.
And all beasts could sense the evil of Men. O’Shea’s sense was dulled now, of course. His man-thoughts trimmed the edges of blind, ragged instinct. But things still hooted and roared in the dark. They ruffled his fur and made his feet itch.
The Evil of Men warped the world as it approached a pride of lions, a shrewd of apes. It made trees in the jungle shiver and now, made the stairs in that house seem to creak. Something waited for O’Shea somewhere at the bottom. He wasn’t sure exactly where. But that didn’t matter.
He reached behind him and pulled the dynamite from his belt. If he addressed the general area, that’d be more than sufficient.
Touching the previously shortened fuses of both sticks with the cherry, the ape sighed smoke through his nose and watched them hiss away. He counted, then threw one down the stairs. The other came with him in a run toward the first bedroom, its sound like hot grease on a skillet. The stick seemed to tremble in his fist, as thought it would go any second.
O’Shea leapt out the shattered window and onto the balcony railing. He faced the desert, throwing himself toward it and twisting in the air to throw. He saw the tall man, turning at the sound of booming footsteps below, eyes wide for the stick whipping end over end straight for him.
The gorilla was flipping backward then, tucking his legs, arms out. The detonations came as he fell, the front of the house exploding in a fury of gnashing glass teeth and tumbling timbers. The roof went up like a celebration, fighting the moon to bake the desert in hot, hard light.
O’Shea fell into it, hitting the ground and trying to throw his arms against the onslaught. Splinters chewed, glass bit.
He roared in a wrath of smoke and mayhem.
Chapter 21: “Well played, demon!”
Straw watched the stick whirl toward him. It wasn’t an actual stick, or an empty pistol or rock or piece of wood. That prick demon had thrown goddamn dynamite. Mottled and weeping in its paper cylinder, breathing hard, blue sparks from the oily bit of thick fuse rammed in the end of it.
Soapy’s own special recipe. Didn’t go off from the shock of riding in a saddlebag, so he always kept a bit around. Straw had forgotten that fact until this very instant.
He was running to the back edge of the roof then, jumping off before he even realized he was doing it. He’d been planning it, he knew, as he rammed a boot down and hauled himself into the night. He wasn’t sure how it’d go, or when he’d need it, but a last minute escape was forever on the books.
Every job had one, needed one. This one, especially. He was always minding the back door, the way out, the next move with that goddamn demon. It was always behind him, so a man always needed to be ahead. Straw had wondered, the second he stood on the roof, if he could survive jumping off. He knew he could.
He didn’t run, as a rule. But, as a rule, he took on problems he could solve. He took on men to solve problems. Eight of them dead – plus Anderson’s boys – meant this particular problem was somewhat intractable in providing a ready solution. It left him wondering just what he hoped to accomplish with a jump two stories to the ground.
The world fell apart as he landed, like the sun come to earth. He bent his legs to take the brunt, then hit hard on his side, his wind gone. Head banged sharp, there came white stars to fight with the bright orange fire over his eyelids.
The back of the station gave a shout like distant cannon and the windows shattered. Boards crashed down from the roof, pieces of shingle and cracked spars slapping his legs and back. Horses screamed, hooves pounding as they fled the yard.
Trash was still falling when Straw finally opened his eyes. He pulled in a deep breath, coughing his lungs raw. 
Papers and bits of cloth from inside rained down, catching on his hat. He had something sharp in his calf and just behind his shoulder. The station was ablaze, the roof caved toward a smoldering pit of smoke and fire. The back wall was buckled, like a line of monster bulls had cocked their hind legs to try and bust through from inside.
Any moment, the demon was going to leap out of it and claim him. The more Straw stared, the more time passed for it to happen, but he couldn’t take his eyes away. 
Then a roar. 
Not the long ones the thing liked to use, but more like a curse. Straw got his legs under and stood with his arms out for balance. He slapped embers off jeans and coat and shook his hat. He bent for his guns as he stumbled away, both knocked from his fists when he’d hit.
Another roar, then the clatter of timbers being shoved aside. Straw was limping for the thing in his leg, but knew better than to tear it out. That just made a bleed-hole and he had no time for patching himself up. Same for the one in his back. He just needed a horse.
He had eyes on the ones out in the desert beyond the back lot, scampered from the noise and hoorah, though starting to calm again. One or two watched him, going hmph! and cantering aside a few steps when they saw his intention to visit.
Straw picked up the pace, hopping a bit for the bum leg. He tried cooing and nickering, good boy, good girl, as he went. Then the big roar, the real one. The long and pissed one and he turned like a fool to see.
The stable was wrapped in flames to one side, the station on the other. Straight between, the demon was powering ahead on his knuckles, big legs chugging.
“Oh, fuckin’ hell.”
Straw was close to an animal though, ornery with all men for riling the evening so, but damned interested in the tasty thistle it was tugging out of the ground. She tried shuffling away when he approached, but Straw wouldn’t have it. He rushed in and held her around the neck, giving her some firm, strong pats. Then she saw the demon charging toward and got more amenable. She barely seemed to give Straw a thought as he threw a leg over her sleek, bare back. Shots popped, the horse bucking a leg before recovering. 
Straw felt another whiz past and looked behind. The demon had stopped, slamming its pistols home. It was looking toward the burning stables, throwing his long, hairy arms to the sky. Straw looked there and saw a horse pattering dust from out the desert behind them, heaving like hell to meet the creature.
“Oh, fuckin’ hell.”
Straw hyahed! but it wasn’t necessary. The horse was moving fast as it could, its brothers and sisters of a like mind and dotting the flat plain around them. They all ran from that demon roar, that hurricane of blood rage and black hatred bearing down behind them. Though Straw knew better than that.
Bearing down on him, was more precise. 
He wound his hands in the horse’s mane, leaning up to whisper sweet words. Fast as we can, goddammit. Fast as you ever have in your whole fuckin’ life. The horse wheezed and began to bob its head. The demon’s bullet was hurting.
“Hold on, honey c’mon, now…”
He turned her south, back toward the road with only the barest inkling of how long before the next station. They caught the path and charged along it, ten, twenty miles under their belt, though Straw knew they’d barely done one. Folks in town said there was only two or three stations. Next one was hours off. Days, and his horse was gruntin’ hard.
Stop chokin’ up yer fuckin’ blood!
Maybe there was one no one knew about. Something built new. Maybe even a wagon train or mule train camped up. Never could tell. Might have a gun or two. A fresh horse. That was possible. Anything was possible. 
Yer dreamin’, boy. You are done in. 
Then Straw saw it out front. Could it be? Could it fuckin’ be?
And he laughed and laughed, slapping his thighs and leaning in to plant one on the horse’s straining neck.
“G’wan girl! Go! Go!”
Chapter 22: A Savage Pursuit
The gorilla kicked a foot in his gray daze, shifting the boards and wreckage strewn over him. He barked a small roar and lifted an arm, snarling at the pain, but clearing most of the mess off his chest. He sat up, pushing the rest from his legs. He was cut and slashed, pinpricks of splinters dotting his arms, one or two larger ones punched through the thick weave of his serape. He yanked them out. 
He stood, looking down at himself. Glass glinted in his singed fur, blood spattered when he shook himself. It all hurt like hell, but he decided he’d live. At least long enough to wait for the fire to die so he could pull the tall man’s corpse from the bones of this place and shoot it in the head.
The house was gone in front, its center cored out, boards bent around the edge of the hole. Furniture crackled inside, smoke gusting up through the burning roof. It looked like someone had grown angry with a box. Stomping it hadn’t done, so they’d finished with a point blank shotgun blast. Beside this, the smudged black skeleton of the stables dissolved in a wrap of orange flame. O’Shea stared at the pop and snap for a moment, then turned at the groan.
For an instant, he was hopeful. If the tall man still lived, there was no end to how they might spend an evening together. The gorilla swept aside the smoke and stomped over the smashed planks toward a torn trouser leg beneath some clatter, bent up at the knee. He reached in with a growl.
No.
The gorilla hauled the man out by the lapels, the pale, bloodsplashed face tensing in terror as it locked eyes with him. Then they rolled in his head and all of him sagged. The ape dropped him back on the pile.
Was that a cough?
O’Shea dug more splinters and glass as he roamed the front lot, swinging his stout, bullet head on that tree trunk neck. He tore his hat from beneath a burning wardrobe and flapped it on his leg. He heard it again.
It’s in back.
It wasn’t words, but it was the same sound. The same throat. It was the tall man.
He rammed his knuckles across the wasteland of the station lot. He turned the corner with a roar, a real one, knowing what he’d find. The stables threw his shadow up the blasted side of the house, then out into the desert. 
The tall man scurried away within it, casting frightened glances. The world zeroed in on that single point. There was only the man running, limping. Hurt, but he would soon hurt so much more.
O’Shea snorted onto the back lot, sweeping aside timbers, drifts of ash stinging his eyes.
Goddammit it! 
The tall man was holding onto a horse, trying to mount as it shifted away. The ape drew his Schofields, then the tall man had a leg over and was turning into the desert. One of his two shots connected, the horse bucking, but staying steady. Another two and his guns clicked empty. He roared again, throwing his arms in the sky as Charity finally appeared. He ran toward her and leapt into the saddle with a grunt.
Where the hell were you?
The horse ignored him and clobbered up dust and hunks of earth, tearing them into the desert. O’Shea stood up in the stirrups, leaning over her neck. He went ‘hoo’ and ‘heh’ and let her know all was forgiven, if they merely caught the spent, wounded man out there in the dark.
The gorilla snorted, watching him turn toward the Royal. He jerked the reins in pursuit. Tore the man off his mount, choked him, swung him by the legs and dashed him to the ground. He was strangled and beaten and crying as he tried to crawl away. His screams sounded in the beast’s ears, the smell of blood and piss sucked in and out of his nose as he slammed his fists into the lifeless body, one after the other.
All of this and more, in a few minutes. Maybe less. 
Almost there, horse.
O’Shea reloaded, watching the silhouette of the tall man dance up and down on the road ahead. The tall man gave a whoop! a happy sound and the crack of his handclaps echoed back to the ape. O’Shea raised his pistols, then let them drop slightly for the sight ahead of them.
No!
He swept the guns under his arms and reached behind to smack Charity’s rump. He hit her rifle wound and she whinnied, rolling her eyes in anger.
I’ll apologize later. Move it!
The tall man melted into his animal, leaning far ahead, his head level with her neck. They rode straight for the stagecoach boiling up a cloud of dust. O’Shea could hear the cries of the tall man for speed and ducked at a sudden shot, the wink of a muzzle flash appearing within the racing blot of deep shadow.
The ape growled and snapped his guns out again, blasting from his fists, one, two, certain he was drilling fine holes in the man, never once hoping he connected. He prayed for this as the guns clicked empty again, so he might have his vengeance up close.
Then the shadow tipped forward out there, the horse giving its last. The stick figure of the tall man flew in the air over its head. He crashed down on the trail as the stagecoach drew upon him, lanterns swinging to a stop. Two men in the seat, one rising with a rifle as the other tried to step down. 
They argued a moment enough for the pile of sticks to reach an arm up, barrel flashing. He rose to his knees for three more shots, pitching the men out into the desert. Then the tall man was limping to the stage and throwing open the doors.
Chapter 23: All Aboard the Death Coach!
Straw blasted into the coach, no time for please and thank you. He shot right between the four fools touching knees in the compartment, the other door falling open on one hinge.
“Get the fuck out!”
Half of them pushed through the other door, two men, two women squealing and fluffing their bothersome skirts to tumble onto the road in front of Straw. 
“Oh!” they shouted, and “Sir!”
Straw slammed the door and hitched his bum leg toward the front, throwing his pistol up ahead and climbing on. He snapped the reins, the four team cantering off, taking right to it as he shouted down on them. 
He looked ahead for the demon, closing in quick out of the dark. As it stood, they were lined up head to head, but Straw wanted more speed before he tried turning off the road. Until then, he wound the thick bundle of reins around one arm and unholstered his other Colt. Three steady enough shots and the demon was swerving suddenly toward the mountains.
One of them clipped O’Shea’s ear and he snarled, firing back as he zipped past the rumbling stage. The tall man threw himself along the seat, shots snapping into it, then along the side of the coach as it went by. The gorilla pummeled back onto the road, toward the group of passengers drawing together in a trembling clutch. He wheeled Charity then and roared in pursuit. 
He kept his eye on the bouncing box ahead of him, the luggage shaking in its straps across the top, lanterns clacking at the sides. One of the doors was swinging open and closed by a hinge, then finally fell off. Charity stomped over it and O’Shea reloaded, slicking in the shells without looking, one after the other. He emptied both guns into the back of the coach, hoping one or two might punch on through and get the tall man in the ass.
Straw yelped as a bullet pocked out the luggage and took a piece off his shoulder. He clutched his arm with a curse, leaning over his lap. The reins got another hard snap and he was almost up to speed. 
I turn too sharp, I’ll slow up and let the goddamn thing on. Need some breathin’ room. 
The stage seat had the big open-front bin underneath, the butt of another shotgun sticking from its holster. Expressman had been a cautious type. Straw looped the reins around the brake lever beside him and reached down.
He turned with a knee on the seat and aimed the crowd-pleaser, thooming both barrels straight back. He watched the demon’s silhouette veer off toward the mountains again, then grinned and dropped back behind the luggage. Now was his chance. 
Hauling the handful of reins, he cut the team to the side, gritting his teeth. The wheels bounced into the gristle and scrub lining the road, jumping Straw in his seat. The desert swung across his view, the moon, the sky spinning past. 
Then the coach was veering off the trail and O’Shea sawed the reins, Charity scampering in place to recover. The gorilla dug his heels and they took up again. The buckshot burned his chest, like pepper in a wound. Not too many had caught him, but enough the tall man had gotten some distance.
O’Shea reloaded again coming off the road, tucking the Colts away and working on the Schofields. The coach was turning again, gradually, for the south. The gorilla turned in kind. 
North, south, whatever you like.
Another minute or two and he’d close in and empty every single bullet right into it. In fact, his last cartridge went into a Schofield. He hinged the gun closed with a click. It was meant to be. 
Straw’s hit shoulder ached from holding the reins and he dropped them to bend his arm gingerly across his lap. Blood ran down his side, into the waist of his jeans. The demon had got him good. But he had time. Four-team only ran as fast as its slowest horse so he had time. They’d hold out. Other hand, the demon would bake his mount chasing up and that’d be that. 
Just gotta hold him off until then. Keep him from jumpin’ on.
He held the wad of reins in his fist and reached down into the bin for more shells. He cracked the crowd-pleaser and turned to kneel on the seat once more.
The shotgun boomed again, O’Shea leaning hard to the side. He sat up and fired back one, two. Another barrel went wide and the horse snorted. She wasn’t hit, but was plenty tired. O’Shea was twice as heavy as a man and he’d been running her stiff all night. The ape holstered up. She didn’t have much left. 
Straw had plenty left and his horses had even more. But if that demon closed in, he would whip every ounce of it right back out. It decided to climb on, he stood no chance. No chance at all. He could keep running, tire the demon out, but fuck was he bleedin’. 
Then it came to him. 
He eyed the team churning in their harness below. The moon glinted on their traces, the doubletrees clanking, hooves pounding up the world. 
He couldn’t keep driving the stage all night, even if he wanted. He’d robbed a few, he knew the basics, but a whole team, long trek across the border? No chance. He was lucky so far, but the ground would change. He’d throw a wheel, turn a hoof and then he’d just be waiting for that big fucker to come out of the dark.
Only thing for it was to give big fucker what he wanted. Slow up, let him jump on board. Straw pulled a knife from his boot and clicked it between his teeth.
Chapter 24: Strawhan’s Curious Gambit
Straw eyed the horseflesh beneath him and tried to get it straight in his head. Stage was connected to the two near horses, near horses connected to the two lead horses. The tongue, the wide strut that came out front of the coach, hung between the near beasts, parallel to the ground, at their knees. This had eveners, or small poles to either side, like a T. Near horses had their collars hooked to these, then straps went forward to the sides of the lead horses, up to their own collars.
All Straw needed was to get a lead horse.
All O’Shea needed was a few more yards. He saw the stage bounce once, the lanterns swinging out and banging hard until one went out. A back wheel came up over a rock and slammed down. Charity kept her pace and even seemed to slow, but they were getting closer. 
Is he –
He was. The tall man was slowing down. 
The gorilla felt his eyes widen and a grin split his seamed and tired face. He bent over the saddle and patted the horse, ‘hoo’, ‘heh’. She tore on, seeing it too. The carriage still rambled hard, the wheels spinning creamy blurs of moonlight between the spokes, but it was dropping back. 
Straw dropped from the driver’s box onto the tongue. His teeth slid around the knife blade. The tongue strut swayed beneath him, his hands holding the britchen straps on the flanks of each near horse. He’d tied the reins to the front rail of the luggage area on top, but it wouldn’t do for long. Any big jumps in the terrain, the animals would go their own way. If they stumbled or got spooked –
He put it out of his mind. They wouldn’t go for his weight on that tongue much longer, either. He scooted along it, hands sliding up their backs, knees bobbing for their rhythm. At the end, he gripped the bridle of each animal, eyes closed to get it straight in his head. One jump…
The stage bounced again, the other lantern crashing out. The luggage on top jostled, a case flying free. It smashed open as O’Shea flew past, a piece of cloth fluttering over his shin. He shook it free and stood forward on the stirrups. Another few seconds and he’d plant a leg on the saddle. One jump and he was there. 
Straw flung himself, arms straight between the two lead horses, his hips catching the reins and pulling them loose. They jumped along the ground in a raspy tangle, dragged between his boots. Immediately, he dropped an arm and clapped it over with the other, across the back of a single animal. He gritted his teeth, the knife blade sending coppery shivers down his throat. His shoulders strained, his boot heels skritched through the dust.
O’Shea coughed and sneered through the dust growling off the back wheels. Charity wheezed, her eyes beginning to roll up. The gorilla crouched upon the saddle, one arm out. The coach bounced, the luggage shifting. He’d barely catch it, but the horse was done. 
This is it.
He leapt with a roar, smacking his hand on the huge leather box on back, its seam facing out, two straps belted across. His fingers clutched one of these a moment, then his full weight caught and it gave a grunt and the flaps of the box whipped open. Papers and envelopes fluttered, clouding around O’Shea as he was dragged behind the stage.
Straw let his feet drag another moment, huffing a breath to steady himself. Then he stood, the ground grabbing his heels to throw him back toward the tongue. He jumped with the motion, getting a leg nearly hooked on the horse. He hung with a hand on her neck, staring down his other arm limp toward the ground.
O’Shea scraped along the ground, legs plowing up pebbles and dust. He grunted hand over hand up the strap, hauling his knees and the tops of his feet across the hard ground until he could get an arm up on the lip of the open box. The stage caught a split in the ground and bucked, slamming back down at an angle. The horses were turning. The ape crawled his way up, toes hooked to the bottom lip of the box, hands slapped on top. He sighed. He was on the stagecoach.
Straw was on the horse. He centered himself, slicking the knife from his lips and sawing down beside his leg. Straps to each side, work them clean through. 
The gorilla loomed over the luggage pile, staring at the tall man working. He watched a leather strap unfurl, swinging back toward the stage. The horses were still turning. The entire vehicle had begun to sway. 
What the hell is he doing?
Straw had felt the drag of the demon crawling up the back, but by then he was nearly there. Now, with the last strap under the blade, he was almost done. The stage was at half speed, but no matter. The lead horse could take him at a gallop anywhere he wanted. Leads were smart horses, strong horses.
The tall man was no fool, O’Shea saw. He knew his way around the coach and the horse team as well. And now he looked to –
Another strap flung back, snapping against the driver’s seat. The tall man veered suddenly away and the gorilla tensed, considering a foolish leap into the air to take him off his mount. Then the stage slammed over a rock and he steadied himself.
No matter. 
He hopped across the roof and put a leg on the driver’s seat. The reins were gone, tangled somewhere below. The wheels bounced and he pitched back, onto the luggage. He needed to stop this thing and let Charity catch up. Or unhitch a beast himself and –
A last bounce and O’Shea felt the stage leaning hard to the side. He sat up. The wheels were leaving the ground, he was tipping –
Oh, shit.
Chapter 25: The Conquered King
The beast ignored the man with the knife and torch and Spiegel, too, backing away with his pointed rifle. He kept his head down and watched the moonlit deck instead. He swallowed for the cinch of the collar on his throat, held at the end of the stick by a third man walking behind him. He was herded out with the remainder of his troop in tow, single file. The Men knew him now to be calm and ‘reasonable’. He would lead by example.
All but one double was dead. Two wives remained. The ape had no idea where the children had gone or even if they’d come. He expected he never would. He was no longer Chief, so it hardly mattered.
His people had needed him to rail and war and he hadn’t. They had needed his strength. His wives, to know their troop would go on. His doubles, his lieutenants, to know they had someone to follow. Someone to replace, if anything happened to him. The gorilla remembered how those things had gone in the jungle, but they’d since grown indistinct. He hadn’t forgotten, he simply found it hard to care. 
Impossible to explain this to any of them. As he went down the long, railed plank to the empty dock, he knew it didn’t matter anyway, were such a thing even possible. They never touched, the three of them, but the ape had caught enough glimpses to know. There was no more troop. Not his troop, anyway. The wives deferred to his double – now the Chief – in their sniffs and glances and there was nothing but contempt for their former leader.
The beast felt himself begin to drift at this new concept. ‘Contempt’. He pulled himself back into the world with a sudden grumble, which Spiegel took for trouble. The man backed onto the dock and brought the rifle in close, eyes wide under that moon. Behind him, tall towers rose and smells and noises came. The ape looked at this, knowing it to be the World of Men at last. He looked back as Spiegel notched the barrel to the bullet scar on his forehead.
“Y’got somethin’ on yer mind?”
He stared at the man. The gorilla was far, far from Irony yet, but he would remember that moment, when he finally arrived there. It would make him smile. He looked away and Spiegel nudged him across the planks to what looked like a row of long boxes. Horses clanked in their harness at the front of them.
Spiegel wasn’t wrong. The ape did now ‘get’ things ‘on’ his ‘mind’. They were what had pulled him from the torment and anguish of the dark hold. Things. Ideas. Concepts. He only knew them as ‘things’ yet, but there they were. And sometimes, he could actually control where they took him. Or if they took him. He could keep a thing on his mind in the present, and let it simply unfold. Sometimes, he didn’t lose track of time and when a thing was finished, he felt he had ‘figured’ that ‘thing’ ‘out’. 
Out to where, was unknown. It wasn’t like shaking a tree in the jungle and rattling the leaves loose. Or hiding under a tree to avoid the rain. Or whapping a double on the back for a quick wrestle. If a thing was done back then, thought and action were the same. If those things were ever even ‘thoughts’. But the result was obvious. Leaves. Dryness. Superiority.
Now, he had what were certainly thoughts, but they led to inaction. There was no result. There was no demand to grab something or roar at something or fuck or eat or shit on something. The thoughts seemed to exist for the sake of themselves. Simply to be known.
Like his former troop and their hatred of him. Their contempt. He would certainly find himself before too long, with that ‘on’ his ‘mind’. 
The back of the rectangle, barred like his cage, but longer, was opened. There was a set of wooden steps there, another man with a knife and torch next to them. Spiegel got behind and prodded the ape with his rifle.
“Up.”
He walked up and knew to turn, so the other man could uncinch the leather collar on his stick. This man stepped away then and Spiegel jabbed the gun. 
“Back.”
He knuckled away across strewn hay piles. It was a long, wood-floored cage, off the ground. The circles on either side holding the cage up made some ‘sense’, if they did what the beast thought they did. If they moved, then the horses would probably pull the long box-things. Move them, like the Boat moved on the Water. 
The Boat had no circles on it, but from the gorilla’s few glimpses of the thing getting on and off it, that wasn’t important. Water was different than land. He knew that simply from being a gorilla. Water was very different indeed. Such things seemed to make no difference to Men. They did as they pleased to what they pleased. 
One of his wives was led in next, then the other two of his troop were shouted toward the next cage in line. Just the two cages, then the horses. Then they would be taken away and the beast would know Why.
He grunted at the thought, ignoring the wife berating him with handfuls of straw and whaps of her fist on the wooden floor. He had his back to the bars and stared out, over the stacks of boxes on the dock to the tall towers behind. 
Then the door clanked shut and a man shouted and a cloth fell over the bars. The ape turned as it came down behind him as well, and shadows moved on the other side tying it into place. The cage gave a jerk. 
The wife shuffled back in the darkness with a whimper. The beast sat up straighter though and put his cheek to the bars. He closed his eyes as the circles hummed under the floor and he felt himself drift, as they entered the World of Men.
Chapter 26: Horsetrades & Whiskey
O’Shea opened his eyes on the pile of broken luggage. Stars in the sky, the moon low. He took a moment, watching it. 
After 3:00. 
Clothes wound around his leg, propped up on a stack of suitcases. The rest of him was slid down, crushing hatboxes and handbags. If he rolled his eyes up he could see the wall of the stagecoach – what was left of it – lying on its side behind him.
It had rolled at least twice, maybe more. Tore free of one of the horses in the process, hauling the other two – still connected – along with. One of them had bellowed to end the world as its legs were broken. The other simply crunched into the ground and went silent. O’Shea could smell them, somewhere out of sight. 
Wheels and spars and lantern glass and shatters of painted wood in a tumbling frenzy as he was tossed end over end, was all O’Shea could properly remember. That, and the tall man galloping off. Galloping and shouting a riot and cursing the gorilla where he tried to quiet the ringing in his head enough to get up and give chase.
Gimme one second, goddammit…had been his last thought before passing out.
O’Shea rolled over and stumbled through the mess and kicked away things and leaned on the stage. It’d been crushed on both sides, the larger back wheels gone, the struts beneath it sprayed out in a confusion. Traces and harness lay across the cracked, moonlit plain, one of the attached horses thrown clear as the leather had ripped loose. It lay still. O’Shea looked around for the other and found Charity, nipping at some weeds.
Good morning, horse.
She whickered as he came close, holding out his hand. Apologies were in order for the haste of their adventure. Despite the fact the gorilla had been shot and cut and pounded considerably more times, it was he who had dragged her into his mess. She had loved the old man, no question, but didn’t know love like O’Shea did. He had forced her into the evening. Taking for granted her own dumb animal love for himself.
He would have to trade her out in the next town or post or whatever came up on the road. The bullet in her flank was already a sore, weeping sight and the thought of her enduring anything worse would be too much for him. He simply hadn’t considered it before. He had needed her and there she was. 
Actually, I’ll give you away for free. Hand you over to a kind man. You’ll thank me.
The horse stared at him, backing away a few steps. O’Shea opened his arms.
What? You’ll thank me, I promise. You’re gonna get shot, where I’m going.
The horse whinnied, as though the conversation was far from over, as the ape turned away toward the luggage. His body ached and there were hidden flasks and sharp things to be found. Bullets to be dug out and shirts torn up to make bandages.
And then south. O’Shea had seen that much before letting his eyes flutter closed. The tall man had continued that way. Most likely Mexico, in the end. Masters said it was for thieves and killers. The old man had been there, he said, for war. Then more war back home and he’d seen many things. He knew how to fight. “Sickens me anymore, but some folks can’t let it go. Y’ever want a big goddamn fight son, Mexico’s your place. It’s all they fuckin’ do.” 
The tall man certainly liked a fight. The ape didn’t know exactly how much of ‘New’ Mexico was left before ‘Actual’ Mexico, maybe 60 or 70 miles, but he knew the only way for the tall man to escape the Jornada was by the road. More stations for him to pass (and given his nature, a few more fights) before he made it. He would leave a trail. He needed to eat, to sleep. To find more men, if he feared O’Shea had come through the crash. Which he did, or he’d have ridden back to either finish things or gloat over the corpse.
The gorilla threw cases this way and that, tossing pieces of wood, wheel spokes, out into the darkness to find what he needed. A silver flask of bourbon, a penknife in the spine of a book. Several nice, silk shirts. He recovered a Schofield and Colt, knocked from his holsters. The tall man’s shotgun and a few shells. He sat against the remainder of the stage, grunting and snarling as he tended to his wounds.
He rose with his legs and arms soaked in booze, and their various holes and gouges wrapped tight. He pulled handfuls of thistle and scrub with Charity and helped her drink down the canteen, poured in his hat. He did the best he could with the bullet in her flank. Then, back to the stage for a few hours sleep with her extremely angry behind him.
With the sky beginning to lighten, he crawled out and landed with a thump on the dry, warm ground. He tore his torn and burned blanket off and took on a man’s frock coat. Like the old man’s Sunday. Made for a short, fat man, this was, as it fit O’Shea perfectly. One of the ladies’ hats too, out of its smashed box. He plucked the feathers and dried grass from the brim, finding the latter quite tasty. It was a fine hat, wide and round and very low and it would hide the sun well.
Then he straightened the belts across his chest and waist and snugged his guns in their leather. He tied the shotgun to Charity’s saddle and stood with her reins as the sun began to rise.
I really am going to give you away.
The horse snorted.
Laugh if you want.
She shook her mane as he vaulted across her back.
You think I won’t? You’re not cut out for this.
Snort.
One bullet in the ass? You think that’s something? You have any idea how many times I’ve been shot?
The horse had no idea, but O’Shea decided she did. She’d understand him perfectly. 
Wha’dya mean, ‘no’? Lemme tell you, I’ve been shot plenty. The first was by a man named Spiegel…
They headed south.
O’Shea Will Return!
DEATH TO THE SIX-GUN GORILLA
Note to Readers
If you enjoyed this book, please be sure to leave a review. Reviews help rankings and allow indie authors to compete in a very crowded and competitive market.
About the Author
Frank Fronash is a retired fool among many currently living in Mexico City. He's been writing on and off for thirty years, only the last five or six any good. Seeing how anyone can just publish a damn novel these days, he figured why not. He is also the author of Voodoo Bosch.
