Night’s Justice
By JC Hal
Copyright 2019 JC Hal
Smashwords Edition

Smashword Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 The Old Forest
2 The Protectors
3 The Ancients
4 The Krystal Hills
5 King of the Virason
6 The Sovereigns
7 Journey to the Western Shore
8 The Ruins of Calontine
9 The White Gate
10 A New and Familiar Foe
11 Shadow Cliffs
12 Just Once
13 Grittenod
14 To the Dark Castle
15 Son of the Wolire King
16 Alone in the Night
17 Tornmire
18 Fire of Vorretenna
19 Race to the Bay
20 The King of the Wolires
21 King Lezier’s Throne Room
22 An Uncertain Future
23 Return to the Krystal Hills
24 Answering the Call
Hope’s Justice (Preview of Book 2)
 
THE OLD FOREST
He crouched low on the ledge overlooking the small clearing. Threats to the innocent called out to all of his senses. Danger lurked around every corner of the forest hidden from normal eyes. His eyes were trained to see. It was a luxury to know when death was approaching but it also carried a heavy burden. The weak and vulnerable were easy prey in this land. No one could protect them as well as he could. This left him with no choice. If he didn't look out for the innocent then no one else would. It was a life of loneliness. No real home was waiting. No family was left to take him in. No friend would know if he died today. All he had was this purpose. To give others the peace that he would never have. This was the life of Night’s Justice. Jare of the Darkstones was believed to be dead and that was for the best. Not many had ever known he existed but the few who did would come for him. No one could know he was still alive. So Night’s Justice was who he became and the identity served him well. His reputation was growing and now most of the land of Redton was aware of his deeds. He offered hope to many against the evils that were far too common in this land. Justice is what Jare delivered and those who preyed on the weak feared him. Now he was about to bring his justice to the beast that stalked the young strangers below.
They appeared to be teenagers, two boys, and two girls. He knew they were gifted and powerful. Their parents surely were superhuman like his. They even seemed to be tracking the zarcic but its light paws had allowed it to circle the clearing. It was behind them now in a perfect position to strike. Zarcics were the size of a cow but they left no paw prints making them extremely difficult to track. Jare was impressed that these young warriors were able to follow the vicious animal this far. No doubt it had killed in their village and they followed it here to put an end to its rampage. It didn’t matter, he saw a threat so he must act. The young warriors were heading straight toward the ledge, unaware of his presence. Keen eyes caught sight of the zarcic tense its shoulders and he knew it was time.
Jare backed up. There was just enough room on the ledge to get the running start needed. He attached his Trynt blades to the top of each shoulder and began the short sprint. Unnatural speed fueled the leap that sent him soaring. Once airborne, he prepared to defend against anything that might come at him from the four below. They would not know if he was a friend. A flip mid flight allowed him to catch sight of the clearing. Their weapons were drawn and one of the girls already had an arrow aimed at him. She quickly recognized this was not an attack and did not fire but watched him land lightly on the other side. Jare hit the ground facing the trees at the edge of the clearing. He walked right at the spot where the zarcic was readying an attack of its own. As soon as it leaped he crossed his arms to his shoulders and drew the twin Trynts. He pulled the handles across his body and the blades extended behind him. He preferred the reverse hold when preparing to run instead of the traditional grip. The zarcic’s body was wolf-like covered with gray fur. Its head had an elongated snout that was narrow with small serrated teeth. Jare quickly raced forward, slid left and avoided the first attack from its snout. He brought his right blade up slashing the zarcic’s right shoulder. It wheeled and swiped a sharp paw at his head. Again with unnatural quickness, Jare ducked under and brought the left blade across its throat. The zarcic stumbled but regained its balance quickly. He knew he had struck a death blow but the dangerous creature could still deliver its own fatal strike. It lunged straight at him one more time but the attack was slightly slower and more predictable since it was hurting. Jare spun to his right while raising both blades above his head. He brought them down right between its shoulder blades. The zarcic hit the ground immediately and it was over.
He cautiously watched its body to be sure there was no sign of life. Satisfied the danger had passed, he retracted the blades and attached them back to his shoulder straps. Then he started to walk away without even looking at the teens. Thanks, gifts, payment, none of that was necessary. All he wanted was to be on his way. Of course, it wasn’t going to be that easy. He hated interacting with people but they always wanted to talk after the deed was done. This would be no different.
“Hey, stop!” called the larger boy whose sandy blond hair was almost shining in the sunlight. “Who are you? How did you know?”
Jare walked on ignoring his questions. Questions irritated him as much as people did. That boy's perfect hazel eyes and tall, athletic build probably got him everything he ever wanted in life but not today. The red-haired girl raised her bow again.
“I wouldn’t do that.” Jare paused and slightly turned his head back to the group. She lowered her weapon and he began walking toward the trees again. The chances of being left alone seemed to be fading with every step.
“Please, wait. We need your help. I know who you are.” Now the dark-haired girl was following him. Her hair was almost as black as his. It flowed halfway down her back bouncing as she trotted up to him. “You’re the Night’s Justice. I know you are.”
“No.” He knew it was a useless lie but he tried anyway.
“Please,” she said. “I know you are like us. You are a child of the Virason.”
That word struck a nerve. He was indeed and he knew they were too. It was clear the moment they walked into the clearing. The Virason were human-like but much more powerful. Not gods but almost immortal. Almost. They could be killed but there were very few beings in this world powerful enough to even scratch them, much less harm them. Jare was one of these beings. That’s why they hated him and he despised them. Rumors spread across the land about Night's Justice. Now the rumors spoke of a man taller than a tree who could crush Virason Warriors with one blow from his fist. Virason don't like competition and it was entirely possible that he was the most powerful child of the Virason every born. They did not create children very often. There was not much of a need since they could live forever. When Virason did have children most of the time it was with a human. This lessened the threat of being overthrown by their sons and daughters. Young full blooded Virason tended to want to take the power that belonged to their elders. Thousands of years ago a young Virason led a rebellion against one of the Virason Queens. Since then it had been discouraged to have full Virason children. Arrogance and greed was a common trait to that race, young and old. They controlled this world but tended to stay out of the lives of humans. The only interaction was usually when they wanted something. And when they wanted something they were going to get it no matter the cost to the mortal world. This greed had cost Jare his mortal father. He knew the Virason that killed his father. Someday, their paths would cross again.
“That means nothing to me,” Jare answered. “You are safe now so we are through.”
“My name is Saris. I am the daughter of Syreesa. There is a danger coming greater than you know. A danger that could destroy the Virason.”
Jare gave a small laugh. “You’ve come to the wrong person for help. If you do know me then you know I have had my disagreements with the Virason in the past. I don’t care if they die.”
“You know they still protect this world. If they are destroyed who knows what evil could take over the land,” argued Saris.
It was a valid point. Even if they were selfish and considered humans nothing more than pets, the Virason usually did not harm mortals. They protected the land, only because it served their interests, but Redton was generally free from war.
“Daughter of Syreesa. One of The Wise. I guess this explains how you know of such danger when no one else does.” Jare continued walking out of the clearing hoping they would not follow into the trees. They did.
“Yes my father told me and he is one of The Wise. That’s why he knows the Virason need help from their children. Few of them will admit that and even fewer would ask for our help but we have to fight with them. What’s coming doesn’t distinguish between us and them. We are all going to have to face this.”
Jare didn’t even look at her. He kept walking. He had heard tales of great evil from countless men and women. Most of the time they just wanted him to help get the money they were owed or to settle a score. He wasn’t buying this so this girl would have to search for a hero somewhere else.
Saris walked beside him in silence for several seconds waiting for a reply. When none came she continued, “This is Graybon.” She pointed to the statuesque blond boy. He was even taller than Jare had expected him to be. Jare was slightly above average height and Graybon was quite a bit taller. “You’ve kind of already met Cara.” He didn’t turn to look at the tall redhead that was on eye level with him. “And this is Tyranik.” He did glance at the boy with light brown hair. He was the only one that had yet to make any type of movement during their entire interaction. Slightly taller than Jare, Tyranik had been studying him this entire time. He obviously did not trust Jare which was smart.
Saris again waited for any type of acknowledgment but Jare just kept on walking through the trees. She began talking again about the great evil that was coming and the danger everyone was facing. She again told him about how much his help was needed. There were no details about what exactly they were facing. After a couple of minutes, he came to the conclusion that she didn’t really know what they were up against. For the daughter of one of The Wise, she was not well informed.
Jare heard more details about them than he cared to know. Saris and Tyranik were together as were Graybon and Cara. They had all found each other out of necessity and now they protected each other. They were all fifteen years old. Graybon’s mother was Meriza, one of The Warriors. Cara’s mother was Nailite, an Advisor and Tyranik was the son of Quizer. Quizer was one of the Virason that Jare had a slight disagreement with a couple of years ago.  Quizer did not like that a young child of a Virason could go toe to toe with such a powerful master. As a member of the elite force, The Deadliest, Quizer suffered a great humiliation when he could not kill a teenager. Jare was eighteen now and he looked forward to meeting Quizer again. Saris was still talking about what they had to do and how they could fight together. He had stopped listening. This must be one of her strengths. Bore you to death. What was clear is that he was not going to get away from them easily.
Eventually, he wore her down. Saris kept silent for a couple of hours. Still, they followed him. Jare knew he was their goal. They needed him to fight this great evil they were convinced was coming. Since Saris had finally decided to leave him alone she and the others were talking. Sometimes they tried to whisper so he couldn’t hear them. That was pointless. Years of training to be invisible and observe everything had taught him how to hear what others did not want to be heard. That included conversations. Most of it was teenage stuff. He sometimes had to remind himself that he was also a teenager and not forty years old. Training to kill since childhood would do that to you. The Virason who took him had tried to make him into a machine with no emotions. It was mostly successful. The emotions surfaced when he thought of his father. He did not have the proof but he knew his teacher was his father’s killer. This thought was always with him. It was dangerous to him also. It was the only thing that distracted him. Well, almost the only thing. Even now he had not realized Cara was finally trying to talk to him.
“Are you going to ignore me, too? Do you know where we're going or are just wandering through the forest enjoying the trees?”
“It would be nice if you appreciated the forest once in a while,” he answered. “It can help you survive. If you learn where to find food, find shelter, or how to be quiet so your enemies can’t hear you.” He gave her a sharp look and he saw the anger rising in her. "And we are going nowhere together. I am going somewhere and you are going anywhere else."
“I know you don’t want us following but you must have figured out by now that we are not leaving. This fight is coming so you better get used to us because we are your new friends.” It was obvious Cara was out of patience.
Jare actually did believe them. He knew they were convinced but he sensed the danger was not just in their heads. That was one of the reasons why he had allowed them to keep up with him.
“Yet, I still don’t know why this fight is coming or who we are supposed to be fighting,” he answered her as he came to a stop. “You have gone on and on about evil and death and destruction but you have yet to tell me what is coming. Do any of you even know?”
“We don’t,” answered Tyranik. “We have only been told enough to know we had to come to find you. I don’t think the Virason even know exactly what they are facing but they are scared. I can tell when I look in their eyes. Something is rising that can actually challenge them and they know it.”
“You mean besides me?”
“Yes. I know most of them don’t like Night’s Justice…”
“Despise is more like it,” Jare said flatly.
“OK, so they hate you. But they hate losing their power and dying even more. That’s why Relis has asked for you. He wants to talk.”
“The mighty King Relis himself, I am deeply honored.” He wasn’t. “I guess I should drop everything and skip right on over to the Krystal Hills to see all my friends.”
This was interesting. If the King of the Virason wanted to meet with him then it was possible that something big was about to happen. Or he was setting a trap. Either way, Jare was not sure he wanted to venture into the Krystal Hills. This was the home of the Virason. Although several lived and ruled in different parts of the world, most called the Krystal Hills their home. The reflection of the crystals that lined the hills was almost blinding but beautiful during the day. It was even more impressive at night when the crystals emitted a multicolored glow from the sunlight absorbed during the day. It was a magnificent place. Too bad such a selfish race lived there. The teens knew they had gotten his attention. They all walked again in silence for a few minutes.
Graybon broke the silence for something that was actually very pressing for them all. “Is anybody else getting hungry?”
“That is the best idea any of you have had since I met you,” Jare quipped. He then removed a small knife from his hip and threw it at a nearby bush. As always, his aim was perfect. He retrieved a gray rabbit from the bush and began to clean it.
“That’s going to be good,” said Graybon as he sat down beside him. “Shouldn’t we get one or two more to feed all of us?”
“Yes, you should.” That was a not so subtle hint that he was not going to feed them. Saving their lives was enough for one day.
Cara walked away and within five minutes she came back with three rabbits. Again, impressive. After the rabbits were cleaned and cooked they all sat down to eat as the sun finally set and darkness surrounded them. He noticed Saris glancing at him while they ate. She obviously wanted to talk. They must have appointed her as their spokesman because everyone waited for her to start the conversation.
“Why did you come to the Old Forest?” asked Saris.
“Something is wrong with the Ancients. The deer have been attacked recently." He was surprised at how easily she got him to answer. “Whatever is causing this must have moved in from the marshes. Creatures don’t often leave their home areas but when they do it can be devastating. This could do a lot more damage than your friend the zarcic.”
“Are you sure it’s the deer? There are several species of Ancients that still roam the land.”
“No other Ancient has been spotted in the Old Forest in over two hundred years. I don't act unless I am certain."
Saris leaned back and thought for a moment .“Do you think…”
“No,” Jare said quickly.
“It’s possible these things are related. We could be on the same mission and not even know it,” replied Saris.
Now it was Jare’s turn to lean back and think. He had wondered from the moment she first told him of this danger if it was the same threat that he was looking for. The Ancients were exactly that, ancient. They were the originals of certain species that spawned every animal that they knew. Ancients were revered and protected. They were also powerful and deadly. Someone would have to be crazy to try to kill one. Luckily, they were very skilled at avoiding people and other creatures. There were certain monsters that existed capable of killing an Ancient. If one of these monsters had come into the Old Forest many would be at risk. It could turn from hunting animals to people. This was when he felt most needed and like he actually had a purpose. Men could fight men forever but very few could kill monsters as he could. Saris had come to this conclusion as well. They could be seeking the same threat. He could tell she was a quick thinker and would be able to strategize. Against his better judgment, he was starting to like her.
The moon was high in the dark sky. The night sounds of the forest were coming alive. Nights like these he was usually sitting at a fire with not a soul around for miles. He didn’t know if he would call it loneliness but he was definitely alone. The night had been his only friend for so long. Sometimes he thought he could actually hear the darkness speaking to him. Something out there was always calling his name. After a while, he began to answer. Just a whisper or a single word was all it took to appease the emptiness. The night wanted him to know that he had nothing left. Darkness was his only companion. Tonight it had competition for his attention.
The others were trying their best to get comfortable and find a place to lie down. They all knew not to get too far from the fire. It was not a particularly dangerous part of the forest but you still never knew what was in the shadows. And on a day like today, Jare couldn't help but feel something besides the night was out there. His thoughts were about to be interrupted again.
Graybon spoke to him. “So, everyone knows you travel around the land helping people and fighting monsters and stuff like that. They say you always win. Have you ever failed to save anyone?”
He asked it like it was a casual question. It was hard to believe Graybon did not understand the impact of what he was asking. If Jare, the great Night’s Justice, had failed then someone died. It was not the kind of memory he wanted to relive.
A face flashed in his mind for an instant. Then he answered, “Just once."


THE PROTECTORS
Saris saw the almost imperceptible flash of pain on his face. She understood quickly that this was not a path they wanted to go down. Sometimes her friends did not think before they opened their mouths. Graybon was the worst. He would always say whatever came to his mind. You never had to worry about him lying to you. He always spoke the truth but it was maddening sometimes. Cara was good for him and he was good for her. She could have a short fuse and Graybon would usually lighten the mood. That was definitely not the case with this question. Tyranik shot her a glance. He knew this could get ugly and they did not need to anger the man whose help was desperately needed.
Saris also worried about Tyranik. He was not speaking much since they joined with Night's Justice. There were too many alpha males. She didn’t know if he was upset or just trying to keep from hurting their chances of getting help. Night’s Justice was intimidating. He was not a physically imposing man and he was obviously not as old as they had thought but he had a presence. Saris guessed he was only a few years older than them. The way he carried himself showed that he had seen more than most in his short life. You could tell that he faced death many times and that he brought death to others as well. The weight of this showed even if he was an expert at hiding it. Many times she had to study his face closely just to see the details. This is how he could blend in and be gone in an instant. No one would really be able to describe him because he was somehow masking his features. She was still determined to find out more about him. This was probably why she could recognize the trick with his face. Most probably did not care enough about him to notice. They only cared about what he could do for them. She did not pity him but understood what he must have gone through in his life. They had the same hair color and dark eyes. Both tanned from the hot summers that they must have endured. If she had an older brother she imagined this is what he would look like.
Saris knew she had to change the subject quickly. “Well, where are we going to look for the Ancients?"
"You don't look for the Ancients," Night's Justice answered. "The Ancients find you if they judge you suitable. Most will never catch a glimpse of their shadow."
"I suppose The Night's Justice has friendly chats all the time with the magical, spectacular Ancients?" Tyranik sarcastically asked.
"First of all, it's Night's Justice. No The. If you had gone around calling yourself The Tyranik I would have disappeared into the forest before you finished the last syllable of your name. Yes, I have communicated with The Ancients in the past. Also, I've never referred to myself as Night's Justice before because it sounds arrogant and ridiculous when I say it out loud, so thank you for that."
Saris needed to end this. "Okay, okay. We don't have to insult each other. So, do you really travel the world saving people and fighting against evil."
"Who else is going to do it? You?"
"Have you ever wanted to just stop and settle down for a while?" asked Cara.
"I can't. I was given this directive years ago. I fight for those who have what I can't."
"And what is that?" Tyranik inquired in a much too combative tone.
"Family, friends, happiness, love. Whatever it is that people get joy from in this life."
"Sounds lonely for you," Graybon added.
Saris saw his hand shoot up quickly motioning for them all to be silent. He was up in an instant. Crouching and staring into the darkness, his attention was focused at the edge of the light of their fire. Then Saris sensed them too. She couldn’t tell how many but they were out there. He had not even twitched since becoming aware of their presence. She had seen him fight the zarcic and now was watching him study the darkness for a threat. He was inspiring and terrifying at the same time.
After a few seconds, he straightened and relaxed. She thought a slight smile formed on his face. Finally, he started walking toward the edge of the light. He stopped just as a tall impressive woman came into view. She had darker skin than Night’s Justice and black hair. She was dressed in the light brown vest, long green sleeves, and pants of a hunter. A bow was slung across her shoulder and a short sword was at her side along with several different sized knives. Her eyes scanned across their group taking in all the details of these kids she had come across. Saris was not afraid but she knew this was someone they did not want to anger. It had been intimidating enough with Night’s Justice and now, no doubt, they had been found by a Virason.
“Hello Justice,” said the Virason.
“Hello Koris,” he answered.
Now they all knew who just found them in the middle of the Old Forest. Koris was the leader of the Protectors. The Protectors were just that, guardians of the land and animals. They were all over the world making sure the balance of life was never thrown off. Protectors did not stop people from hunting or farming the land. Their purpose was to keep everything in order. No kingdom could destroy an entire forest or redirect a river that was the lifeblood of a valley. No army could hunt an animal to extinction. They stopped evil forces from slaughtering the innocent. The protectors would step in to prevent disasters that would affect the balance of nature. They would not, however, stop humans from waging war against each other. People could think and make their own decisions. Protectors believed if men and women wanted to kill each other and drive themselves to the brink of extinction that was their choice. Saris was now face to face with a Protector. This was not only a Protector, but she was also the original. Koris was one of the first to leave the Krystal Hills and live in the lands of mortals. Most Virason still made the Krystal Hills their homes but many had left and settled in other parts of the world. Some did this to actually help like Koris and her Protectors. Many wanted to get away from the rule of Relis and conquer lands of their own. Some of them were successful and gained control of different regions across the world but they all still ultimately served Relis.
“I thought you always traveled alone. I see you have made some new friends. New and powerful friends.” Koris looked them over again. It was obvious she knew who they were.
“Everyone always says I am too moody. Maybe these kids can help me open up and express my feelings.”
Koris let out a full laugh. “The only feelings you have is hate toward us.”
“I don’t hate you, Koris. Just most of you. I usually travel alone but you don’t. Who is in your company tonight?”
When he said this Koris turned to look at the darkness. Saris followed her gaze and saw twenty people come into view. Men and women from all different parts of the world. There were mortals and children of the Virason. There were also a few Logas. These were reptilian men of the Logastrian Marshes. It did not matter where you came from. What mattered to Protectors is what your heart held. The diverse group was led into the firelight by another dark skinned girl who looked to be about the same age as Saris and her friends. Her smile was wide and Saris saw Justice finally give a full smile in return. It was the first time she had seen happiness on his face. He went to the girl and they hugged like they had not seen each other in a long time. Saris saw tears start to form in the girl's eyes.
“Do you know about Elara?” she asked him.
“I heard,” answered Justice.
“I can’t believe she is gone. She was always my invincible big sister and now I will never see her again in this life.”
“I know Ailyah. I am sorry I was not there. I should have stayed. I should have stayed with her.”
“Elara would not have let you. She knew that you two were not meant to be together and you do, too.”
Justice just smiled at her and nodded. Saris wondered if Elara was the one that he thought he had failed. He felt guilty for not being there when she was killed. She watched Justice turn to the dark-skinned and young man who had walked up with Ailyah.
“Polus, it’s been a long time,” he said. Justice and Polus shook hands and nodded to each other.
“I am glad to see you again. I hope we can work together and end this threat that is in the forest.” Polus instinctively scanned the trees as if the threat was near. “Something is not right. I fear something bigger is coming.”
Saris was glad to hear these words from Polus. This was someone Justice obviously knew and trusted. The same warning she had been giving was now coming from another source. He could not ignore it anymore. She was hopeful that since he had not slipped away from them, which he surely could have done at any moment, he was starting to believe. The threat was real and he was going to have to help or death was coming.
The rest of the night was spent talking around the fire. Stories were told of their past meetings and how each came to be a part of the Protectors. The Logas had joined over the past year after Koris saved their marshes from a herd of renostraps. These white tank like creatures were the size of elephants. Their heads were round and used as a battering ram. Short necks and powerful front and back legs allowed them to destroy buildings made of stone when they charged. There were tales of stopping battles that would destroy everything in sight, monsters killed, and warlords defeated. Some of the stories were hundreds of years old. Once you become a protector you stopped aging. You were a Protector until death. That was most likely the reason Elara did not go with Justice.
Justice told of how Saris, Tyranik, Cara, and Graybon came to travel with him. Mostly it was about how inconvenient it was for him since he saved them and then they wouldn’t leave. When the tales were finished and it was time to turn in for the night, Graybon did it again. Of course, she was dying to know about Elara's story but there was no way she would have pushed them to find out this night. Graybon, as usual, didn't mind creating an awkward situation. Most likely, he didn't even know when he asked Justice and Ailyah who Elara was.
Justice’s expression did not change in the slightest except for his eyes. Saris could tell that he wanted to strangle Graybon. Graybon either didn’t notice or didn’t care. He just waited patiently for an answer.
“It was about a year ago in the Prestlands,” Ailyah finally said. “There were some tribes being slaughtered by a force assembled by Yuntix.”
So this was how Yuntix was brought to an end Saris thought to herself. An extremely vile and cruel Virason, most avoided Yuntix at all costs. Even other Virason feared and despised him. At different times throughout history, Yuntix had threatened the rule of Relis. Different races and armies would join Yuntix on promises of a better life only to be crushed by the King of the Virason. Once, he almost succeeded. Yuntix always managed to escape and the Virason considered it better for their health not to pursue him into some trap. She didn't think it was possible but Night's Justice just became even more of a legend. The killing of a Virason was rare and usually resulted in swift retaliation. This death was conveniently overlooked by the king.
“Normally Protectors don’t get interfere in the affairs of mortals…,” said Ailyah.
“No, you just let the innocent die,” snapped Justice.
“How many of you are truly innocent?” asked Koris.
“When many of their ages are still in the single digits I consider them quite innocent,” replied Justice.
“But,” Ailyah said loudly, “we decided to get involved because it was Yuntix and he was killing young and old alike.”
Thankfully Ailyah steered the conversation the rest of the way. It was obvious she had experience diffusing the tension between these two. She told of how they joined together in the Prestlands on the southwestern continent to fight Yuntix and his gang of about one hundred fighters and grass lions. Grass lions were about one third the size of a lion but they were just as nasty if not more so. Yuntix was killing everything in his path so he had to be stopped. Justice, of course, threw in his snide comments about how Protectors were only there because animals were being slaughtered. Koris to her credit ignored him and did not take the bait. Ailyah detailed how they separated most of the enemy in a ravine and finished them there. While they were trapping Yuntix’s forces, Justice slipped away and went after him. Elara knew that Justice wanted to make him pay for the evil he had done to the people of the Prestlands. She was ready to follow when the time was right. Ailyah did not know what happened when they faced off with Yuntix because only Justice and Elara were there. Somehow they took down one of the most powerful Virason to have ever lived and both survived. Elara was bloodied and bruised but Justice did not have a scratch. One of the rumors that drove his legend was that he had never been touched in battle. It appeared to be true because Saris could not see any scars anywhere on his face or arms. The rumors also said he was invincible.
“I do feel pain and I have been hurt,” Justice said as if he was reading her mind. “One of my body’s strengths is that I don’t bruise that’s why I look like I have never been in a fight. I can be cut and scarred. A sword or an arrow will go right through me just like anybody else and I would be just as dead.”
“But I don’t see any scars so there must be some truth to the myth,” said Tyranik. “All the rest of us here have scars somewhere. I see that even Koris has a small one above her eye.”
Saris had noticed her scar as well. It had to have been a mighty battle to scar the leader of the Protectors.
Ailyah finished her story by saying, “All I know is that it looked like it must have been a fight for the ages and Yuntix had two Trynt blades and a Krystal sword sticking out of him.”
Justice added, “We still don’t know what he was in the Prestlands for. Yuntix always had a purpose and it was usually related to helping him gain power. He was there for something. We just stopped him before he could find it. That means whatever he was searching for is still out there and it is probably extremely deadly.”
Graybon looked like he was about to explode and Saris knew what was coming next.
“So what happened with Justice and Elara? And what are you and Polus? You are not mortals who have joined the Protectors. I can tell you are something else.”
Justice no longer had any look of anger in his eyes. Now he just looked like he wanted this to end so he wouldn’t have to relive it any longer. He portrayed himself as unfeeling and indifferent to others but she could tell he felt deep emotions. Maybe he felt even more than the rest of them and that’s why he buried it deep inside. Whatever his story was, it was long and painful. No one could have such a hard look about them and sadness in their eyes without suffering loss along the way.
Ailyah detailed her history. “We are Krysfire. A thousand years ago we left as guardians of the Krystal Hills because we grew tired of protecting the Virason. We wanted to protect life that actually needed and deserved us. Elara was my older sister so she took the slightly older form while Polus and I became what you see today.”
“And…”
“Elara was dedicated to being a Protector. She was not going to age. You know that a child of a Virason will age and eventually grow old and die. Yes, your aging is slower than normal mortals but is still inevitable. She did not think she could suffer that loss. So she stayed with the Protectors and did not go with him.”
“Ironic now,” said Justice.
A short quick statement that conveyed so much about what Saris suspected. Ironic that someone was afraid of losing him when he ended up being the one that suffered the loss. She could not help but think this was not the only pain he had suffered in his life. People don’t shut themselves off like he does unless they are trying to forget.
“It was a great loss to us all,” said Koris. “I will miss her and be forever thankful for what contributed to the Protectors. She was the finest of us all.”
“Finally, we agree on something,” replied Justice.
“So was this before or after you fought Quizer?” asked Tyranik.
The group went deadly silent. No one knew what was coming next. They all wondered if this would finally be the question that led to an explosion. It had been a night full of tension for a band of warriors who were supposed to be trying to protect the forest from the same threat. Saris did not know if Tyranik was intentionally trying to get a reaction or if he was just curious about his father. Tyranik did not really care about Quizer because he always was fighting and rarely saw his son. The others gathered around did not know that so they prepared for the worst. Luckily, Justice did not fuel the fire.
“After,” he said flatly. “Quizer was just practice. Yuntix is dead so I obviously learned a lot.”
Justice gave a small smile and Tyranik chuckled slightly. The awkward silence passed quickly as Graybon asked, “So what happened in that fight?”
“It’s late and that is a story for another time,” answered Justice. “I am going to get some sleep and you should too. I expect the days ahead to be less pleasant.”
He got up and walked a short distance away to the flattest spot he could find. Hard earth and no bed made for uncomfortable nights. This was the first extended trip for Saris and she didn't know if she would ever get used to sleeping on the ground. Justice, however, appeared right at home out in the wilderness. She didn’t know how long he would listen before he decided to fall asleep so it was best not to try to discuss anything with her friends tonight. The last thing she wanted was for him to think they were talking about him behind his back. Of course, he knew he would be the number one topic of conversation between Tyranik and Graybon. She couldn’t stop that but she could give him a reason to trust her. Saris wasn’t sure why but she thought her part in this quest might be more important than the others. Most of her life had been spent wondering if there was something grander out there for her. Now she knew there was. She was the key to securing Night's Justice.


THE ANCIENTS
Three days they had searched through the deepest parts of the forest. There was no trace of the Ancient Deer and not a whisper of any threat heard through the trees. Jare was beginning to think he was right again. Still, the Protectors were on edge. Koris never was one to chase down unfounded rumors. Wasting time and effort was not in her nature. Polus and Ailyah were convinced something was wrong, too. He trusted their judgment above the others. If he was getting impatient then the boys had to be about to pull their hair out. Their occasional pouting and moodiness told him all he needed to know about how they were feeling. Cara was not much better. It was apparent she wanted to put an arrow through something. Kids and their complete lack of patience. He thought about leaving them again. They would probably just get in the way if danger ever did show itself. He stayed. He stayed because he saw something in the daughter of the Syreesa. The only one who seemed to stay focused and calculated like him. She said less since they joined the Protectors but when she spoke he tended to listen. Young and intelligent, she reminded him of himself. Still, friends could be costly in a fight and he didn't need that weakness.
Night was coming. Although Jare rarely lost focus, he sometimes ran out of patience. He had followed as Koris led but she was not getting them anywhere. As the hours rolled by, it became clear he had the most experience with the Ancients. Maybe Koris and the Protectors came across them in the past but that doesn't mean the deer wanted to see them again.
“I think we should try a different strategy tonight,” he said to Koris.
“Oh really? And what do you suggest that would be more successful than my guidance? I have walked the forest thousands of times over my life so I am aware of how difficult finding them can be.”
“I have been in the Old Forest once or twice myself.”
"Do you expect me to believe that a mortal who has been in this world less than half a century can accomplish something that a Virason who has been alive eighteen millennia cannot?"
"Probably not, but you know how stubborn I can be."
Jare could see the annoyance on her face. He actually admired what she and the Protectors stood for but he couldn’t help but enjoy it a little when he got under the skin of a Virason. Koris knew as Jare did that if the Ancients didn’t want to be seen then it was almost impossible to find them. Still, she had the pride of the Virason that made her think they would come to her if she willed it. He knew from personal experience that not all creatures in this world simply bowed down to the wishes of the Virason. He was one of them.
“Very well,” she replied. “We will try it your way tonight.”
“Thank you.”
“I trust you will not waste the time of the Protectors. Every minute is critical to the survival of these precious beings.”
“I will do my best.”
“Good. What do you require of us to carry out your plan to locate the Ancients?”
“I will only require that you remain here and stay very quiet.”
“I am going to need more…”
Her words trailed off as he walked away. Maybe he did enjoy irritating the prideful a little too much. It was a flaw he might have to work on someday but not today. Jare walked down a small path that was obviously used by the small animals of the forest. After a few minutes, he came to one of the clear winding streams that ran through the Old Forest. He found a large rock on the edge of the stream and sat down to wait. He scanned the trees along the other bank. Of course, there was nothing there. It did not take a look to know what was behind him. Koris had followed as he knew she would. She was safely out of view but positioned to see everything. In her arrogance, she would think he had no idea. Pride. It was always the weakness that he used against them. To his amusement, she was not alone. There was no way that the four teenagers were going to be left behind. He wondered how long the argument had lasted and how mad they had made her. He smiled again. Against his better judgment, he was growing fond of these kids. No doubt Ailyah and Polus had come along as well. If the teens were going she would certainly allow her two most trusted Protectors to accompany her. 
Darkness crept over them. Before long the sounds of the night were coming alive. He heard the symphony the forest created with all its wonder. Most nights were spent this way. He was accustomed to sitting alone in a forest or in a cave in the mountains or under some trees on a shoreline. Spending time with people had become foreign to him. Yet, he was somehow getting more comfortable after only a few days of travel. He listened for the darkness to call his name. There was no whisper. No sting of loneliness for him to answer. He was ready to tell the night he made new friends but it was as if the night knew he was not the same. Maybe that was a good thing.
Jare sat on that rock for hours. The moon was directly overhead illuminating the forest floor. Dancing shadows surrounded him and yet he remained motionless. Even the bravest man would be spooked by the sounds of the Old Forest but not Jare. There were many secrets protected by these aged trees. Some animals held by the forest had never been seen and likely never would. Some, if they were seen, would never allow the observer to get out alive to tell anyone about them. Yet Jare remained. The night and the sounds never bothered him. He enjoyed seeing and hearing what others would not and soon it would benefit him again.
Slowly he stood. He felt the presence before he could hear or see it. His eyes roamed the trees just beyond the gentle stream. Gracefully, it stepped into view. The Ancient Stag. Jare was not only looking at one of the original deer of this world, but he was also seeing their leader. Most Ancients were about twice the size of the normal species that evolved from them but the Stag was slightly larger still. Its brown eyes stared back at him from across the water. His black antlers spread well past his body on both sides and they were shimmering in the moonlight. A shiny coat of black hair covered its powerful body. Behind the Stag several more Ancients emerged from the safety of the trees. They all lowered their heads to drink except the Stag who kept his eyes locked with Jare's. Before long there were thirty lining the stream to drink. All with dark black hair and deep brown eyes. It was like looking at the beginning of life. These animals had been here since before history was recorded and something was trying to kill them.
Jare felt the anger growing in him. It did not matter if the threat was something from the forest or if it was something greater. He was going to end this and prevent any more loss of these beautiful creatures. The Stag must have sensed his emotions. Somehow a connection was made. His anger came under control and his focus sharpened. Jare heard no words or saw any signs but he understood. The Stag remained motionless, communicating without a sound. It spoke to him silently in an elegant language older than time and Jare understood. The rest of the Ancients began to leave the stream and before long they were all gone except the Stag.  Finally, the Stag turned and disappeared into the trees as well. Jare stared at the darkness for a moment and then he turned to where the others were hidden.
He spoke in a commanding tone that left no room for discussion. "I know where they are going and when they expect it to strike again. We travel to Wooded Lake and we must go quickly."
No one spoke a word. They did not seem surprised that he knew they were there. Jare strode up the path and quickly passed them. Everyone quietly followed which meant they agreed with his plan.
The next two days were spent traveling to the Wooded Lake which was located in the northeastern part of the Old Forest. This is where the Ancients would settle for a few months and this is where they would be a target. The Wooded Lake was one of the largest lakes in Redton. Along with the four Life Lakes in the north, the Wooded Lake served as a source from which all rivers flowed. The thick trees came all the way to the edge of the water the entire distance around the lake. It would make the Ancients hard to find for anything hunting them but it would also hide the attackers until they were right on top of them. Jare and Koris planned the entire trip trying to line out the best way to defend the Ancients. As he had expected, it was tough to discuss anything with a being who thinks she is always right. Planning turned to arguing which led to periods of silence. It would then be back to planning and the cycle would repeat itself. Through it all, they finally managed to agree on the best course of action for the sake of the Ancients.
Jare had learned much during his communication with the Stag. Five Ancient Deer had been killed by these monsters. The attacks always came from the trees. The scent seemed to be coming from all around the deer confusing them. One of the dark beasts always attacked the Stag to prevent him from defending the others. The other two would them move in for the kill. Once one of the deer was taken it was never seen again. No body. No blood. These things left no trace of what they killed. He still did not understand how the Stag gave him so much understanding about the Ancients and their ways but he realized that he was the one they had chosen to trust.
The lake would serve as a natural defense from whatever creatures were hunting the Ancients. The plan called for all those who were experts with the bow to take to the trees. Volley after volley of arrows should be enough to force the dangerous beasts to the ground for the waiting ambush. Once forced from the trees, two groups would attack leaving the final monster for the Stag. Jare was leading one group and Koris the other. The plan was sound but it relied on many people that Jare did not know well. He hated relying on others. The only person he truly trusted was himself but now their fate rested with each other.
If things went badly then the deer would flee using the water. Amazingly, the deer could submerge and travel great distances along the bottom of the lake. No wonder they were never seen unless they chose to be. It was one of the many survival secrets of the Ancients. You don't live a long life without mastering skills that few others possess. You most certainly don't live as long as the Ancients without keeping those skills hidden from everyone and everything.  It was apparent that even Koris was not aware of the traits of these marvelous creatures. Jare had decided not to share all of his knowledge with her either. If the Stag had wanted Koris to know then he would have appeared to her instead.
In the late afternoon of the third day, they finally arrived at the shores of Wooded Lake. The trees were an impressive wall guarding the sparkling blue water. If you weren't careful you would walk right past a tree and be swimming before you realized what happened. It was not a gradual slope into the water. The lake was deeper than a castle was tall right at the edge. No one actually knew how deep it was in the middle. They began setting up the defenses. The archers scaled the trees to find branches where they could sit comfortably and more importantly, could get off a clean shot. Jare saw Cara disappear into the treetops with her bow in her hand. She climbed with ease and grace. The determined look on her face told him her arrows usually found their mark. He knew she would be just fine when the action began. Graybon and Tyranik took up a position to his left while Ailyah and Polus were stationed to his right along with five other protectors. Saris had decided to back him up. Koris moved her group of Protectors further down to leave a gap between the two. The gap is where the Stag would wait with the herd behind him. Hopefully, the monsters would focus on him and be surprised by the volley of arrows.
After a couple of hours, all the preparations had been made. The bows were ready in the trees and the warriors on the ground concealed themselves as best they could. All that was left was to wait. As the sun began to set, the Stag and the rest of the herd appeared. They slowly made their way between the two groups and came to the water's edge. The Stag took up his position between them just as planned. Now the herd was protected by archers from above, the Stag and the Protectors on the forest floor, and the lake to their rear. The trap was laid. Hopefully, the enemy would take the bait. The Ancients could not run forever from these things. It would take years but eventually, they would be picked off a few at a time until they were gone. It was better to fight now than to be slowly hunted into extinction. And the fight was closing in.
"The fun is about to start," Jare said to Saris.
"I can't wait," she responded sarcastically.
"This is what you wanted me for right? To fight a great evil and help the Virason. It seems like I'm doing both right now."
"Sometimes I hate getting my way."
"Haha. First time I've ever heard a woman say that."
"Watch yourself Bedtime's Justice. I know your secret."
"And what's that?"
"That you actually have feelings."
"I do not. And don't tell anyone."
"I won't."
"Bedtime? Really?"
"I thought you might get mad if it was Lullaby's Justice."
Jare laughed out loud. He heard a rebuking "Shhhhhh" from someone close by. He quickly regained his composure and frowned hard at Saris. She gave him a sly smile in return.
They waited in silence for another hour and then all at once they felt it. It was as if the presence was all around them. Jare could not pinpoint the location or how many were closing in. He knew immediately something was wrong. This attack was not like the others. It was not going to come from above. They knew. Somehow the beasts were aware of the defensive positions and avoided them.
"Everyone down!" Jare yelled. "Out of the trees! They're on the ground!"
Koris realized the danger also. "Scan the perimeter. The attack can come from anywhere."
As she finished her commands the lake erupted. From beneath the surface, two human-like figures sprang into the middle of the herd. Huge black eyes stared at the Protectors quickly assessing their weaknesses. In the moonlight, Jare could see the human nose and the wide mouth with two large fangs protruding from the top jaw and two more from the bottom. Simultaneously, they leaped at each group while the third lunged at the Stag from the front. It was clear to Jare their goal. Kill those that were a threat to their hunting. Jare hurled himself forward toward the nearest creature. He reached to his shoulders and drew the Trynt blades. The swords immediately snapped from the hilts and Jare raised them for his first strike. The creature was fast and his chest was met with a giant hand that sent him crashing into a tree. Jare regained his senses in time to see it smash two Protectors with its fists. He leaped again. He raised his blades but this time he pulled his body back as the fist flew by. Jare hit the ground and slid at its legs with both blades extended.
Two precise swipes at the shins brought a scream of pain and it fell to its knees. Before he could blink, Saris drove her short sword into its back between the shoulder blades. Graybon swung his ax into the center of its chest as Tyranik thrust his broadsword into the neck. The evil beast fell lifeless to the forest floor. Very impressive, Jare thought.
Their attention turned to the battle raging around them. Koris was dodging attacks while Cara was firing arrow after arrow into one of the monster's chest. Bodies of Protectors were sprawled on the ground. Ailyah and Polus closed in and sliced its neck with alternating blows. The dark creature was about to go down so Jare turned his attention to the Stag. It was badly wounded and he saw the beast throw it into a tree. Part of its antlers broke off and went flying into the darkness. Jare sprinted to the fallen Stag. The rest of the herd had fled to the safety of the lake. All that was left was to take down this last monster and then it would be over. It was moving to strike a final blow on the Stag when Jare threw one of his blades. It struck home in the back of the right shoulder. The creature roared and spun to find its new attacker. It swung its fist with otherworldly swiftness. Jare dodged left but he had to jump back when another swipe came his way. Without pausing it brought a fist straight down to squash him. Jare rolled to his left and another fist came down at him. He barely had time to get the point of his blade in the air and the fist came down right on it. The force sent Jare sprawling while the beast screamed again. Jare was on his feet in an instant and he jumped on its back. In one motion Jare pulled his blade from its shoulder, swung around its neck, and drove his sword into the top of its head. There was no scream this time. Jare landed softly on his feet and stared up at its face in time to see the black eyes close. It was dead before it hit the ground.
The forest which had just been a violent battleground fell eerily silent. Jare quickly scanned the area dreading the casualties that he would find. He gave a slight sigh of relief when he saw Saris and Tyranik walking together. Another glance found Graybon and Cara along with Ailyah and Polus. He felt a slight twinge of guilt taking joy in the fact that those he cared about most had survived the fight while many others did not. Koris began gathering the bodies of the fallen for burial. Eleven Protectors had died. Three of these things had managed to take out over half of Koris' highly trained and dangerous warriors. Jare himself was battered more than he had been in a long time.
"I saw you go flying through the air," said Graybon with too much satisfaction in his voice.
"I told you I can be hurt," answered Jare. "I'm only invincible in the myths."
"Still no blood though."
"Sorry to disappoint you. I'll try harder to get myself sliced next time."
"These things are not from our world," said Ailyah.
Jare admitted to himself that he had never even heard of anything that resembled these things. "Why are they here and how did they get here?"
"All I can guess at this point is The Traveler's Gates," offered Koris.
"Now you are the one talking about myths and legends," said Jare.
"They are no myth. Even the Virason forget or change history over thousands of years but I do not. I have fought beside one who entered our world for a short time and then returned through the gates."
"You have seen a Swordsman of the Gate face to face?"
"These protectors of different realms are from our bedtime stories," Saris said almost to herself.
"The Swordsmen of the Gate are real as well as the Traveler's Gates," insisted Koris. "I have been around since before there were bedtime stories. I know more about this world than you can imagine."
"Not how to find Ancient Deer," blurted out Graybon.
Koris looked like she was about to rip him apart. Jare stared at the ground and tensed every muscle in his body to keep from laughing.
She regained her composure and continued. "I know the gates to be real and the emergence of these creatures that are not of our world convinces me that they are being used again."
"But the gates are supposed to choose the traveler," said Saris. "They could not have picked these things to pass through."
"That's what makes it that much more troubling," answered Koris. "If something has found a way to control the gates then it would have access to any world and it could bring an army. I will begin my search for the gates and try to discover a way to close them. I believe I know what your next move will be Night's Justice."
"This is a journey I never thought I would make," said Jare.
Cara asked, "Where are we going? Yes, I said we."
Jare grimly replied, "To the Krystal Hills."



THE KRYSTAL HILLS
It was a solemn goodbye said to Koris and the Protectors that morning. The previous night was spent honoring and burying the fallen. Saris had been in battles before and she was well acquainted with death but this was different. There was always a purpose, a rationale as to why she was fighting. Even evil men or women who wanted to conquer and rule made sense. These things just wanted to kill. The creatures didn't want to hunt or feed. They wanted to eradicate. This thought disturbed Saris more than she cared to admit. Justice had been more silent than usual since they began burying the Protectors killed in the fight. She could tell that he took losing comrades hard. It was as if he felt personally responsible for every life lost when he was involved. He carried guilt with him, probably for many years. Maybe someday he would open up to her and relieve himself of some of the burdens he carried. Until then, this new threat was their priority.
Koris would be searching for The Traveler's Gates. A portal straight out of children's stories that would supposedly lead to other worlds. The gates were rumored to have been around since the beginning. They allowed the good to travel to lands that were in danger and needed help from beyond. Those who were chosen to protect by entering the gates were known as Swordsmen of the Gates. These legendary warriors were not of a specific race or species. They were chosen by the gates and taken to where they were needed most. The stories told of five Swordsmen who had visited the known lands from the beginning of life until now. Koris claims to have fought with one but there was no mention of her in any of the tales. Another disturbing thought was that someone or something had found a way to move through the gates by their own will. This clearly had Koris on edge as well. Her search was going to take her to distant continents where there were rumors of strange creatures roaming the land. She left early that morning with her remaining Protectors except for Ailyah and Polus. They decided to join with Saris and her friends along with Justice.
"How long will it take us to get to the Krystal Hills," asked Graybon.
"Five days," replied Justice.
"Five days? Why don't we cross King Lezier's Bay and save some time?"
"Because crossing the bay would require a ship and I don't think any of us have one of those in our bags. Plus that would mean interacting with people and I don't think we want to do that until we know what we are up against."
"That's just because you don't like people. Are we going to stop for the night at any cities along the way?"
"No. We are avoiding all contact with anyone or anything that might give away our plans."
They were going to be traveling like Justice. Alone and like shadows in the night. The realization seemed to hit hard now that this was going to be the most important journey they would ever take. The first leg of this quest was going to bring Night's Justice to the Krystal Hills to meet with the King of the Virason. This is what Saris had originally set out to accomplish but now after seeing Justice in battle twice the significance of the event was magnified. This could be an almost invincible alliance between two great powers or it could be a war that breaks the world in two.
Justice seemed to sense her anxiety. "Nervous?"
She answered, "Not at all. I think it's great that the two most powerful beings in our world are going to get together and chat. Oh, also a plus that they hate each other."
"Your idea."
He pointed at her and smirked as he began walking northwest. Northwest to the edge of the forest, around King Lezier's Bay, and eventually to the Krystal Hills. There had been much discussion on what to do with the bodies. These things were not from their world so it was not known how burying the bodies would affect the forest. They did not want to risk the evil somehow seeping into the ground. This also ruled out throwing the bodies into the lake. The water could be poisoned more easily than the land. Eventually, they decided that burning the bodies would be the best solution. That would be tricky too in the dense forest.
The Stag provided the solution to their burning problem. It had stayed with them through the night recovering from its injuries. The part of the antlers that had been broken and would never grow back. It had been cut deeply across the back but that injury had already begun to heal. The Stag walked with a slight limp from its back left leg but that would also return to full strength in time. Several of the Ancients had reemerged from the lake to drag the bodies beyond the edge of the forest. There Koris would burn them and observe the results to make sure all was well.
And so they began the next phase of their journey. They had gone from four to five when they found Night's Justice. Now their group grew from five to seven with the addition of Ailyah and Polus. Justice had begun his usual muttering about them and how it was worse now because in this form Ailyah and Polus appeared younger than him too.
"It's like I'm running a babysitting service," complained Justice.
"You're still pretty bad at it," countered Ailyah. "I thought you might have loosened up a little since we last met but you're still just as cheerful as you ever were. You're only eighteen but you act like you're as old as the Ancients."
"As wise as the Ancients, possibly."
"As arrogant as a Virason king, possibly."
Justice frowned at her and kept walking. Ailyah gave Saris a wink. Saris was beginning to like her more and more. She doubted that Justice wanted them to know he was so young. Part of the myth surrounding him was that no one was quite sure how long he had been fighting for the innocent.
They made their way around the lake and came to the edge of the forest as the sun was setting. Before them stretched the farmlands that they would travel through until the Serpent River. This river was the site of the legendary battle of the Grey Serpent. Another ancient tale that no one was quite sure if it was real or not. They Grey Serpent supposedly made it all the way through King Lezier's Bay and to this river before it was killed by the Plains Warrior Mikan. Whether or not Mikan ever existed was greatly debated but it was another heroic story to inspire children to be brave and pure of heart. The poisonous sea snakes, however, were very real. They could travel miles up the river from the bay looking for food. One bite from these deadly creatures would kill most within minutes. These were the true serpents of the river and Saris was not looking forward to the crossing.
Once in the farmlands, they were going to have to work to stay hidden. The Old Forest was easy to travel through without being noticed because of the dense trees and lack of interest from locals. With very few clearings, it was not a place most wanted to live or travel. The farmlands were a different story altogether. Many families resided in these lands and villages were scattered all over. The odds of encountering a monster were pretty slim but angering a farmer while crossing his or her land was a distinct possibility. Although it would not be a dangerous threat, you didn't want to have to fight them off with their pitchforks and shovels. Any encounters would most certainly raise suspicion. Their purpose was too great to make a careless mistake.
"Night may be the best time to go through these lands," said Tyranik.
"I agree," answered Justice. "Better to pass by while the people sleep."
"We have to do this quietly."
"Once again, I agree. You are actually smarter than you look."
With that Justice started down into the farmlands. Tyranik looked shocked but that turned into a small smile and he followed. The rest of the group came behind and journeyed out into the darkness. The night was spent in silence while dodging houses and avoiding barking dogs. It was not the life of adventure that everyone assumed warriors lived. Somehow, Justice seemed content. It was as if he didn't care what the mission was as long as it was successful. Other members of the traveling party were not so at ease. Tyranik and Graybon each wanted to lead the trying to prove their worth. Justice was more than happy to give up the point for a while. Graybon managed to stumble into a small stream and Tyranik got chased by a goat. Cara tired of their alpha contest and took control. She walked into an old feeding trough that was hidden by some weeds. Justice then asked Saris if she wanted her turn. She decided to ask him to walk with her. She wanted to see what he sees and hear what he hears. She could tell he was surprised but then impressed by that request. No one knew how long he would be with them so learning was a high priority. They traveled in silence. He would just point to his ears or nose when he wanted her to listen or notice a certain smell that would give away an animal. At first, she didn't notice how Justice was forcing her to tap into senses that went beyond what was normal. It was a feeling more than sight or sound. After a little while, she noticed he was not giving the cues anymore. He truly was letting her lead and she was good at it. The darkness opened up to her and she saw like never before. Excitement threatened to derail her focus but she settled her nerves and pressed on. Time seemed to stand still yet this part of the journey was over too quickly. Several hours before dawn, they came to the banks of the Serpent River.
"Time to rest for a while," said Justice.
"It's about time," replied Cara. "You seem to forget that we have not been questing as long as you have."
"Sorry about forgetting how young you are. I need some sleep, too. Tell me about how you and Graybon met. That should put me right out."
Cara scowled at him but he had already laid down and never looked at her. Then her lips formed a smug smile and she began her story.
"We met at the same training facility as Saris and Tyranik," explained Cara.
Justice turned and gave her a puzzled look. He obviously did not expect her to tell him her story but her story he was going to get. He lowered his head and settled in to listen. Cara told of her mother Nailite, an adviser to the king. Cara and her father had lived in the Krystal Hills with her. Some Virason remained faithful to their mortal spouses until their passing. Nailite was faithful. Cara was well educated by Virason teachers and she would have been in a position to be a Virason representative in the great city of Vorretenna. But Cara had wanted more than a government official's life so she asked to train at the Virason facility of Grittenod in the Derrapine Mountains when she was thirteen. Her mother was not pleased but her father was from the west so with his blessing she traveled to the mountains.
This was where she met Graybon and then Tyranik. Graybon had been at Grittenod from about the age of five. Since his mother, Meriza was one of The Warriors she did not have much time for a child. Meriza would also stay faithful to her husband but her true love was war. There was always some battle or conflict across the oceans that required her service. Graybon's father settled in a village along the edge of the Derrapine mountains so he could be close to his son. Mortals were not allowed to enter the training facility or live in the mountains but Graybon could go visit often. He quickly learned that his skill in battle was with the ax. With his strength and speed, he could swing it faster with more control than most with a short sword. He didn't have any use for love until this educated, strong-willed girl from the Krystal Hills arrived.
Cara was immediately disliked because of her perceived soft upbringing and protected life. She was generally smarter than most so that didn't help either. Graybon felt the same way since physically he was superior to even the older trainees. Only Tyranik could match him in a fight due to his speed and skill. Quite a rivalry developed between the two and they did not like each other. Cara and Graybon were drawn to each other because of their differences and because of similar jealousy they faced every day. Shortly after they would actually befriend Tyranik and then Saris would arrive. It would not be long before they realized that there was little more they could learn in Grittenod. A master was needed to teach them to become more.  There were some unfortunate run-ins with others who weren't so inclined to help. Occasionally, they were attacked by a firepaw or leron pack but overall it had been a good decision.
"And now it looks like we have finally found who we were looking for," finished Cara.
Justice's head slowly turned and the look of dread on his face was priceless. Saris had been thinking the same thing since he joined them. He could teach more than almost anyone in the world.
"Hold on one second," said Justice. "You don't seriously believe that I am going to train you? If there is one thing I am not, it is a teacher."
"Yes you are even if you don't realize it," countered Saris. "You already taught me how to become almost invisible to not only people but to animals. You showed me how to sense what's around me using more than my eyes and ears. You did this without saying a word. Like it or not, you are already training us."
Justice sat up and said, "There's a difference between showing you how to keep from tripping over a pig and preparing you for the evils that are all over this world. All you know is Redton but trust me, in other places, it's even worse."
Saris again answered, "I know other places. I've lived on the southern continent of Alitash." This seemed to gain his interest for a split second but then he refocused and continued his objections.
"I know you think I am the answer but my training has gone far beyond what any of you have experienced even if you have been to the southern continent. I wouldn't know how to even start. We are going to go to the Krystal Hills to find out what we are facing and then we are going our separate ways. There will be some tasks a group of teenagers can do to prepare for a possible war but I am not taking you with me into this danger. You are not ready. There are things I have done that even Koris, one of the greatest trackers in history, was not able to pick up on."
"How do you disguise your face?" asked Tyranik bluntly.
This question completely shocked Justice and his face showed it. It also surprised Saris that Tyranik had picked up on this too. She thought she was the only one to notice his face come into focus because she had spent the most time with him.
"It's hard to remember what you look like at all during the time with the Protectors but after you led through the night with Saris I can see the details more clearly," Tyranik said with a hint of jealousy in his voice.
Now it became more clear to Saris. He was paying close attention and learning but it was because he didn't like Saris and Justice being so close together. Boys. She suddenly felt fifteen and young. She would have to talk to Tyranik alone and assure him that she looks at Justice like a brother and he should too.
"You're right. I can blur myself to others. I do it most of the time and they never know the difference. They know me but if I wanted to pass by them in a crowd without being seen I could do it easily. If an enemy tried to give a description of me, it would be vague and could apply to about half the population. It fades when I get comfortable with people, too comfortable. I guess I have started to like you more than I wanted to admit but that does not mean that I am the one to teach you."
"These warriors are cunning and brave, Justice," said Polus. "Even Ailyah and I never sensed you were disguising yourself but we can see it now. They are not kids. Together they could be a powerful force for good. I think you should consider their proposal."
Justice turned and just stared at the river. It was almost as if he wished the legendary giant serpent would rise again so he would have something to fight and get out of this discussion. No such distraction was coming so he finally said, "So much for the rest. Let's cross."
They searched for and found a narrow and shallow part of the river. Everyone tried to focus their senses on the water and anything that could be underneath. Justice led the way again and they crossed without even seeing a minnow dart by. Now it was another two-day hike over fields and hills until they reached Dala's river. They would be careful to steer well clear of Vorretenna by the bay. This group being seen near the great city would certainly arouse suspicion.
Justice spent most of the next couple of days talking with Ailyah and Polus. He was definitely avoiding them as if he was afraid he might accidentally teach them something. This gave Saris a chance to spend more time with Tyranik and she did her best to convince him she didn't even have a schoolgirl crush on Justice. There was a four hour period that they didn't speak after he suggested she might be flirting. Tyranik seemed to know immediately that was the wrong thing to say.
They settled into a boring hike since it was a generally safe area where no one really cared about a traveling group. Saris was getting sick of hearing Justice proclaim that, "a boring journey is the best journey." She got it. Don't wish for excitement because you might not like it when it finds you. Hike, rest, eat, take turns with the watch, and repeat. She couldn't help but long for something to happen. They were children of Virason after all and Polus himself had said they were very powerful.
Finally, they came to Dala's River. It was a branch coming from the Lifeblood River. Named for a powerful Virason Queen who ruled for over a thousand years, it was one of the shorter rivers of the land. Rumor had it that Dala was the original name of the city of Hillis. King Hillis overthrew Dala and changed the city's name to honor himself. He decided to give the river her name to try to appease the remaining family members of Dala who were still alive. It only took a decade for one of Dala's cousins to attack and dethrone Hillis. This began the rule of King Relis which now had lasted seven thousand years. Saris felt so young and insignificant when thinking about the Virason King. Now she was going to meet him. Of course, her father was much older than that but still, this was the king. A stone bridge allowed them to cross easily and then all that was left was the final leg past Hillis to the Krystal Hills.
The rest of the trip was just as uneventful but then at dusk on the fifth day since leaving the Wooded Lake, they caught their first glimpse of the shine of the Krystal Hills. The brilliant reds, oranges, and yellows reflected high into the sky from the crystals that lined the ground beginning at the base of the hills. The glare was blinding to mortals unless they were granted the protection of the Virason. As children of Virason, their eyes were naturally capable of absorbing the bright reflections. Ailyah and Polus were not affected at all because they still possessed the strength of the Krysfire.
After pausing to take in the beauty of the dancing colors, they began the final walk to the Krystal Hills. It would still take an hour to walk the distance but the lights filled the sky all around them. The colors lit up the horizon. The wind and the clouds caused flickering and shimmering as if the entire heavens were on fire. Then the sun faded and night began to fall. Unbelievably, the scene became even more beautiful. Crystals of the hills stored the light of day and gave off a glow at night. The night sky was like an explosion. The reds and yellows gave way to blues, silvers, and whites. Saris imagined stars colliding right in front of them. No one would need a torch or a candle for miles in any direction from the Krystal Hills. This was her first time back in many years and she had forgotten the awe this place inspired. Graybon and Tyranik had never been here before and they walked along in a daze with their mouths gaping. Ailyah and Polus had the look of weary travelers excited to be home. She had no idea how long they had been away. The only one who did not look excited or awestruck or amazed was Justice. He looked like he was about to go to a funeral. Of course, almost everyone in the Krystal Hills wanted him dead so she understood his lack of enthusiasm. It seemed like only a matter of minutes until they were approaching the foot of the hills. They were not tall like mountains but very steep. The incline, along with the razor-sharp crystals that lined the ground, made it impossible to go over them. There was a front gate and now they were approaching it. Constructed completely from crystals mined from the hills, the gate was taller than a cyclops and it seemed like the light came from inside it. Now that they were about to enter, Saris started to feel the tension. She looked at Justice and could not recognize any features. He was fully in defense mode.
"When we get inside forget everything you know about me," said Justice grimly. "If this is a trap don't react. The trap is for me. I may have a chance to escape. I can't save us all if you decide to fight with me."
Justice looked each of them in eyes and one by one they all nodded reluctantly.
"If anyone wants to go, now is the time."
It was already too late. Two shining figures rose from behind the gates.



KING OF THE VIRASON
Jare watched the two Krysfire rise high above them, pass over the lighted gate, and gently land on the ground. They resembled humans but their bodies appeared to made of the same crystals that lined the hills. The one on the right shone with the bright blue tint that lit up the sky at night while the one on the left retained the orange glow that was more common during the day. The Krysfire had been around from the time the first crystals emerged on the hills. Since that day, they protected the hills and those who live there. Jare admired the efficiency with which they could be ready to fight. Their Krystal Swords extended directly from their hands when called upon. He modeled his own Trynt Blades after these swords. Jare could extend the blades from the hilts at will and retract the blades to easily attach to the straps on his shoulders. He was much faster in a battle than those warriors who had to draw a sword from its sheath. It was just another skill learned in his time alone wandering the five continents.
The Krysfire on the right observed them for a few seconds and then spoke in a surprisingly gentle voice. "We did not know if you would come."
"I didn't either but now I am here so let's get on with this," Jare said to him.
"The king is waiting. Follow us through the gates."
Jare let out a small sigh and fell in behind the two Krysfire. This was a place he never thought he would see again. He never lived here but his Virason mentor brought him here several times. These visits were always in secret and always a great risk. It was just another reason to hate this place and those who called it home. Once they were all inside the gates, five more Krysfire appeared from the crystals.
"We will get there much sooner if you allow us to help you travel," said the first Krysfire.
Jare knew what he meant. They were going to be carried, hovering above the crystals to the entrance of the King's Palace. He was not looking forward to this either.
"Whatever gets this over faster," he answered.
Each Krysfire took hold of one of the group. They lifted them off their feet and went floating along the crystals that covered the ground. The lights became a blur as they flew along faster than a horse. Before long they were set down at the doors of the palace. The entrance extended outward from the largest hill. It was essentially a long tunnel leading into the hill constructed using the red and orange crystals. Two large towers rose from each side of the gate with a Krysfire located at the top of each one to keep watch. This was another example of Virason vanity because Krysfire did not need any tower to protect the hills. They had been watching over the hills since long before any palace was built. It irritated Jare just thinking about it and he reminded himself to stay calm. There was a greater purpose for this visit plus he didn't know if he could get his new friends out alive if things went horribly wrong. The doors rose far above their heads. Jare noticed it was also much taller than they needed. This was no doubt for intimidation and again, vanity. It seemed to be working because Tyranik and Graybon were staring with mouths gaping. Then the doors slowly swung open and a female Virason with sandy blonde hair dressed in the red and gold robes of the Advisers was waiting for them.
"Hello mother," said Cara.
Nailite smiled and answered, "hello my daughter. I am glad you have finally come home. I hope you see this is where you belong."
She gestured for them to walk with her through the doors and into the long corridor that led to the throne room. The hallway was lined with crystals from top to bottom and they reflected the light of the torches. There was a large distance between each torch since the light would have been almost blinding to a mortal.
"I see my daughter and her friends were able to convince you to come to talk with King Relis," she said to Jare.
He smirked.
"Your daughter is very convincing especially when she points an arrow at my head," he said to her.
He could see Cara tense and frown at him. It was not a lie. He couldn't help but grin at her and she appreciated that even less. Graybon with his unintentional humor lightened the mood even more.
"Actually, she pointed an arrow at him twice," he said. "When we first met."
This made Jare laugh out loud again. "True."
Cara now was red with embarrassment or anger and probably a little of both. She quickly steered the conversation back to their purpose.
"What does the king want us to do about this new threat. We have seen this evil up close and it will not be defeated easily."
Nailite raised an eyebrow and looked at her daughter curiously.
"Us? There is no us. King Relis wants to speak with Night's Justice. He is hoping that together they can come up with a plan to eradicate the threat. We have seen this evil growing for a time now and you are much too inexperienced to successfully face this powerful foe."
"Wait a minute," huffed Graybon. "We've fought these things and killed them. What has Relis done? We have more experience against them than most."
Nailite stopped quickly and turned to Graybon. "Do not question or speak to King Relis this way when you are in his presence. You would not make it out of the Krystal Hills alive."
"Hold on," countered Jare. "They are not going in. I'm the one he wants to see. Whatever he wants is between him and me."
"The King has changed his mind. He has heard about how these four fought in the Old Forest and he wants to see them."
Nailite turned from them and began walking again. They passed through several more palace rooms and hallways. Each one carved from different colored crystals and shining from the small torches spaced evenly along the way. Jare focused on every detail of every corner of every room, door, and passageway. He did not know if the palace was intentionally built to be closed off like a dungeon or if it was just the only way it could have been constructed since it was inside a giant hill. No matter the purpose, the palace could easily keep someone out or trap someone inside. After about ten minutes, they arrived at the center of the palace. There was no turning back. He beat back the feeling that he may have just walked right into a death trap.
Nailite pushed open two large doors of white crystals and revealed the throne room of the King of the Virason. It was a predictably large room which was no doubt built to boost an ego. The pillars lining both sides of the long open space in the middle of the room alternated from red to blue. They were not the sharp natural form of the crystals. Everything in this room had been chiseled and smoothed so there were no rough edges. The floor was a scene of King Relis' victory over Hillis at the Snow River just outside of the Krystal Hills. This was also made of carved and molded crystals. High above them was a gold chandelier hanging from the ceiling. It's glimmering reflection made it appear as if a fire was hanging in the air above them. The throne itself was much taller than any throne of a mortal king on any continent. It was also made of smooth red and blue crystals randomly spaced over the entire chair. There was a picture of Relis' longsword carved into the back. Relis himself was in his fine red and blue royal robes with a red and blue crystal crown on the top of his head. He glared at them with his dark eyes as they came forward. He preferred the look of a shaved head and no beard as opposed to the long beards of most kings throughout history.
Jare continued forward. He pushed down the intense desire to draw his blades and strike. The king was surrounded by his royal guards but Jare had yet to see any Virason that could defeat him. As they drew closer the guards stepped down in front of the throne and motioned for them to stop. The rest of Jare's group all instinctively knelt before the Virason King. Nailite continued up to the throne to take her place to his right as the other advisers came in. There were eight advisers and they all wore the red and gold robes that matched Nailite's.
The next group to enter came from the left. The Wise dressed in silver and blue robes. There were eleven both male and female. Syreesa nodded to his daughter which was all the recognition she would get at this time. Finally, several of the Warriors and, to his shock, one of the Deadliest joined the group and stood back behind the throne.
Jare was startled for just a moment but he had learned long ago that a moment was enough to destroy you. It was her. The Virason responsible for most of his skills and for all of his pain, Patral, of the Deadliest stood before him again. His power of deception with his face was serving him well. Patral did not recognize her former student. It also helped that she thought he was dead. He forced his eyes away and continued to scan everyone in the crowd giving them the impression that he did not know any of them and he was merely observing. He stood there in the middle of the throne room while the others knelt. There was no way he would take a knee for this ruler.
Finally, Relis spoke. "The Night's Justice. Welcome to my home. Although you might want to reconsider your lack of respect to the king who sits on this throne."
Jare replied, "Thank you for the invitation. I never expected to be meeting the King of the Virason face to face. My actions are not meant to be disrespectful. The only reason I ever kneel is to pray."
"You might have cause to knee for other reasons." Relis glowered at him as if he was prepared to strike. Then he smiled and covered his threat with a gentler suggestion. "I believe it is the mortal custom to kneel and ask the one you love to marry."
"The odds of me surviving long enough to marry are dismal. The odds of finding someone who would put up with me are even lower. But I'm certain you did not ask me here to discuss my romantic possibilities."
"You are correct. There are more important matters that require our attention. The circumstances dictate that we all put aside our differences and work together or the consequences will be devastating to all. The lives of the mortals are threatened as well as the Virason. And my throne."
Relis paused while sizing him up. "Do you also desire my throne?"
Jare sighed and said, "I am the last person in this world to want any throne. I would think the fact that I have never been a danger to the Krystal Hills before would prove that."
"Yet you have been a danger to Virason. You have fought and even killed a few. All this time we have heard of the ability of the Night's Justice but it has always been about you and you alone. Now I see you here backed by six warriors. Some of these warriors are children of very powerful Virason. It looks like the beginning of an army."
Saris answered this accusation. "We were asked to bring Night's Justice to meet with the King. We fulfilled that purpose. Nothing more."
The room focused on her. There were mixed expressions of shock and disapproval. No one had expected anyone other than Jare to speak. Syreesa's expression was unreadable but Jare knew he was evaluating his daughter closely. The King leaned back and looked over the four teens.
"You are still powerful. I am not keen on the idea of all of you traveling together. I have not even mentioned the strength of the Krysfire who are also with you. Yes, together you are a dangerous force."
Jare knew Relis was considering death for everyone. It might not have been a trap in the beginning but if Relis felt threatened he would order the ambush. Jare had to stop this quickly.
"We are not together," he said. "We are not a force or an army or even friends. I have come to meet with you to discuss the evil that is invading our world and how we can stop it. When we have a plan I will carry out my part alone. I do not work with others. We have traveled together this far just because I did not think it wise to abandon the children of such prominent Virason. If death came to them then I would be held responsible. It is true that I despise the king but I don't consider it wise to start a personal war. I have tolerated these children until it is time to part. Their path will be different from mine."
Jare hoped he had distanced himself enough from his new friends. What he said was true. He did intend to defeat this evil on his own. He was not raising an army and he did not want to be king of anything. Whatever he was going to do he would do it by himself.
"You are younger than I imagined," said Relis. "I would say you are no more than mid-twenties. Am I correct?"
Jare's deception was working. "Twenty-three."
This was the first lie. He hated lying but there was no other way out of this. He could not reveal his actual age for fear of giving away his identity. The last thing he wanted was his true name to be known to those in the throne room.
"So young and yet so strong. Perhaps you are the perfect weapon for me to send on this little errand."
"King Relis, what exactly do you know about this evil?"
"What we are facing is an ancient force. It is coming from beyond our realm. What I find most disturbing is the method by which our enemy is invading our world."
"You are referring to the Traveler's Gates."
"Yes," answered Relis with a curious grin. "You are more informed than I thought. Strength and intelligence. You are indeed deadly."
Jare steered the conversation back to the threat. "How is it possible for something to control the gates? No one moves through them unless the gates allow them and they have never allowed evil to pass."
"This is a mystery to the Virason as well but we do have an idea of where the gates are. Syreesa please elaborate for our young guests."
Saris' father stepped forward until he was even with the throne. He had dark hair and eyes like Saris and he had a full black beard. His hard expression never changed as he began his explanation.
"We believe we have located the gates on the Western Shore in the ruins of Calontine."
Calontine was a city that must have once ruled the entire world. Huge palaces with great buildings throughout. No one knew the exact history of the city since it was older than the Virason. It was still one of the most impressive sights in all of Redton so the civilization that lived there had to be very powerful.
Syreesa continued, "They are entering there and moving freely throughout our land and to others. We began this fight with them on the western continent of Karint. All we knew is that a force was gathering against King Relis' brother so we sent a greater army to meet it."
"So Eddis is fighting now combined with your forces?" asked Jare. Lord Eddis was given Karint for helping his brother become king.
"Yes. We sent Quizer to lead our forces and he is assisted by Tressar."
Jare tried hard not to flinch at that name. The son of Patral. Tressar was less than a year younger and they had trained together. For much of their childhood, they were as close as brothers. They played, laughed, suffered, and grew up together. Then the time came to make the decision to leave or stay with Patral. Jare almost convinced Tressar to come with him but Tressar could not break free from the grip of his mother. Their battle was the only time he was truly scared. After fighting his only friend nothing frightened Jare anymore.
"But we now believe the attack is a diversion," continued Syreesa. "The goal of these dark men seemed to be nothing more than to engage our forces and keep them fighting. There was no advance. No strategy to defeat our army or take the capital city. They began the attack and then went on the defense."
"So they drew you away from our homeland."
"Yes, but not only in Karint. We received word from the southern continent that strange men were gathering for an attack. So we dispatched more of our Virason forces to squash this invasion before it began. They have engaged and are driving them back but it is a similar tactic from the enemy. They seem content to just keep us fighting."
"And now your home defense is limited. How many legions do you still have in our land?"
"Only what is located in the hills."
Jare's eyes widened in disbelief. Where were all the warriors? How had they let their defenses become so weak?
Syreesa seemed embarrassed by their mistake. "Our information told us that gates were opened also to the east in Ristery and in Nashire. We had to send more to try to locate and close the gates. It appears we have been deceived. The gates were here all along and everything up to this point has been done to weaken us at home. Now the attacks have begun here."
"The Ancients."
"Correct. We don't know why they are targeting the Ancients but these attacks don't draw any attention. Most don't even believe in these magical animals anymore. Your defeat of the Capture Beasts in the Old Forest has slowed their plans. We believe they are reevaluating their strategy based on you. They did not expect such a strong opposition once our armies were drawn away."
"So you miscalculated greatly and now you need me to save you."
King Relis roared, "Should we just kill you now!"
Jare kept his composure and stared straight at the king. Tyranik and Graybon stepped up to his side. For a split second, he thought they were a part of the trap but the boys just stood side by side with him and stared at the king. Then Saris, Cara, Ailyah, and Polus also joined them.
Relis snickered. "So maybe you are an army after all. You know if you stand with him I could have you all killed."
Tyranik answered, "We have already fought and survived the great evil that you are all so afraid of. We will fight with him here and die with him if necessary."
"Very good. He will need that loyalty when you accompany him on this mission."
"No," said Jare forcefully. He didn't care who he was addressing. He didn't want them to be put in danger because of him. "I fight alone. I cannot be effective when held back by others."
"You dare to tell me no? Let me put it another way. If you do not take them with you they will be sent to the front lines of battle. They will not be rotated with other troops. There they will remain until this war is over or until death. If you desert them while traveling they will be placed at a watchtower at the top of the highest peak of the Barrier Mountains. They will live the rest of their days at the highest icy point of Redton."
The king had him. Their demonstration of loyalty was the leverage the king needed.
"I will fight with them."
"Good. Now you will meet with the Wise, Advisers, and the head of my home defenses to discuss your plans. Good luck and don't fail." He rose and strode to the door behind the throne. Right before he left the room he turned and said, "Don't underestimate me Night's Justice. I know more about you than you realize. I know you have lost those closest to you. Your soldier father and your Virason mother. I do admit I don't have the names of your parents. I wonder who the Virason was who gave birth to you. Several female fighters have died over the past twenty years. Perhaps Dara or maybe Renatis? They both valued the weak like you. Or maybe it was another who died a shameful and horrible death. A traitor's death."
Jare watched the king smile and then exit the throne room. His hate had just been deepened greatly and he didn't think that would have been possible. If they all survived this he just might be a threat to King Relis. He didn't want his throne but he also didn't want Relis on it either. That was a thought for a different time because now he needed to save the world.
"Please follow me and let's talk in the meeting chamber," said Syreesa.
The Virason all went through a door to the right of the throne. With a deep breath and a sigh, Jare reluctantly followed them.



THE SOVEREIGNS
Saris fell in line behind Justice to leave the throne room. She had an uneasy feeling after the meeting with the king. She hated that she and her friends were used as bait to lure Justice into the Relis' trap. The king never intended to discuss anything with Justice. Then they had all been threatened to get Justice to cooperate. She also did not like that Justice dismissed their help like it was an inconvenience. She knew he was trying to protect them by distancing himself but it still stung. They did not need his protection. She was sure they had proved their value in the fight with the Capture Beasts. Just by that name, they all knew what those creatures were here for. That's why there was no trace of the missing Ancients. They were not only killing. They were taking. It was almost worse now that she knew.
They left the throne room and walked down a narrow hallway that was shining like all the others. After a few paces, they turned and went through a regular sized door and entered the meeting room. It was a room large enough to hold important gatherings such as this. Completely made of the white crystals, it reflected plenty of light. The table and chairs in the middle were smooth clear crystals that you could see right through like glass. She guessed this was so no one could prepare a sneak attack by pulling a weapon under the table. Everyone took their place around the table and seated themselves. Four of the Advisers including Nailite had come and Syreesa led five of the Wise. Patral took a place toward the front and her gaze was unnerving. She constantly scanned all of their group trying to discover everything she could about them. Patral was a true tactician and it was clear she observed everything. Hiding anything from this warrior was going to be almost impossible. Saris wanted to get away from her even more than the king.
There was still one more surprise that awaited them. Another five Virason entered the room. All of the teens' eyes were wide with amazement when The Sovereigns joined them at the table. All Virason and mortals were descendants of The Sovereign. Saris was looking at the beginning of her life. They were the beginning of everyone's lives. Thirty-two Sovereign had risen about twenty thousand years ago to start this civilization. Wars and revolutions had reduced their number to seventeen but they were still considered the most important men and women in the world. King Relis had no power to command The Sovereign. They were beyond his control but he did seek their advice on matters of great importance. The fact that they were here now only intensified the severity of the situation.
Saris was not sure of each of their names since she had never had any contact with them. Her father was one of the most important Virason and yet he had never taken her to meet a Sovereign. Each slowly took a seat around the table. They all were dressed differently since they did not care about the different classes the Virason separated themselves into over the years. Everyone waited as if afraid to speak first.
A Sovereign with long dark hair and hazel eyes began the meeting. "Welcome everyone. I am Kierie and I am happy we have been able to come together in this dark time to meet the danger that threatens us all."
Saris was put at ease with this simple welcome from her. Kierie obviously knew the combustibility of the room so she wanted to calm everyone from the beginning. There was a way about her that Saris had never encountered before. Saris thought she could talk a dragon out of breathing fire.
Kierie continued, "I know there are many strong beliefs and opinions in the room but I have not lived this long without adapting and I trust you will all be smart enough to do the same."
It was obvious that she was not only talking to her friends but also to the other Virason in the room.
"I echo that statement," said Syreesa. "We are now all allies and from this moment forward we plan and work together."
All eyes turned to Justice as he sat stone-faced listening to the plea for unity. He obviously was not going to be lured in by the words like the rest of them. He was on alert and always would be in the presence of Virason. He looked at each face around the room and read each expression.
"I am here to defeat this evil. I will follow the plan as long as it agreed upon by all. I will not blindly follow orders if there is no consensus."
"Nor would we expect you to," said Kierie. "We must all be sure of our actions or this venture is doomed to fail."
Justice silently nodded at her and everyone settled in for a long night of planning. Saris quickly noticed there were very few Virason that Justice trusted and respected. Kierie and The Sovereign, Syreesa, Nailite, and Patral were the voices he tended to agree with the most. He obviously admired The Sovereign for staying above the greedy nature of their Virason descendants. Syreesa and Nailite also seemed more level headed and less arrogant than the rest of the Virason in the room. Patral was a master in strategies so he listened to her suggestions closely. He only became visibly upset when ideas were presented that reflected a lack of precautions that were so common to the arrogance of Virason. He reminded them constantly that even they can die and it's because of their ineptness that we are in this situation. Kierie always steered it back away from the confrontation and surprisingly agreed that the Virason's lack of foresight had gotten them into "this dog mess." Everyone laughed at her colorful and unexpected phrasing. Saris found it refreshing that Kierie would not lower herself to cursing.
After many hours of debate and discussion, a plan was formulated that everyone could support. Justice would lead the same team that fought with him against the Capture Beasts in the Old Forest. They would leave the Krystal Hills to the north and pass between Big Brother Lake and Frozen Lake. These were two of the four Life Lakes located along the southern line of the Barrier Mountains. The Barrier Mountains performed the function of their name. Great storms raged to the north of the mountain range out in the sea. The storms broke against the mountains as they moved inland and only produced beautiful snowfall as they passed to the south. No one survived the north side of the Barrier Mountains and no ship dared sail those waters. The storms and snow from the mountains filled the Life Lakes and they fed most of the rivers in the land. Patral suggested that they travel along the southern edge of the Barrier Mountains while staying north of the lakes. This area was free of any major settlements so cover would be easy to find. Once they passed the westernmost Giant's Lake they would head southwest to cross Gargantua River. Finally, it would be a couple of days journey across open fields to the Ruins of Calontine. Once in the ruins, they would try to locate and gather as much information as possible about the gates. No one knew what kind of defense they would encounter so a battle would be ill-advised. Even Justice agreed that fighting in the ruins was not a strategically smart idea. Once their mission was complete they would head to the protection of Grittenod in the Derrapine Mountains.
Patral would organize the defenses of the Krystal Hills. She was recalling every Virason that was not engaged in the battles across the seas and preparing for the inevitable invasion. She hoped that if enough Virason could be gathered she could send a force to attack whatever was controlling the gates before a dark army could be sent against them.
Everyone sat back and looked around the table at each other expecting someone else to have something to add. No one said anything so eventually all eyes came to rest on Justice. You could see on his face that he was still going over every detail and every possible threat that could come up along the way.
"I believe we have covered everything that we can possibly anticipate," he said.
Saris saw the doubt in his eyes. "You look like you still have doubts."
"There is always a scenario that can not be anticipated or planned for."
"Then what?"
"Then we do our best."
Kierie said, "We can't solve that problem tonight. You all need rest. King Relis is giving you two days to gather your supplies and prepare before you set out on your quest."
"How generous of him," Justice sarcastically replied.
Syreesa cut in. "Since there is nothing more we can do tonight, we shall retire to our homes. Thank you for agreeing to save the world, Night's Justice."
Justice and Syreesa nodded to one another. Saris was glad that her father would not be a source of tension between them. She knew the time was coming when Tyranik would want to know more about what happened with his father. One by one the Sovereigns, Wise, and Advisers left the room. Justice sat in silence like he was preparing for a funeral. Saris knew that it could be for any one of them.
"So I guess the last thing we need to do is come up with a name for us," said Graybon.
Justice glared at him. He obviously did not consider a name high on the list of things to do in preparation to save the world.
"How about the Justice Team?" offered Tyranik.
"No," said Justice.
"The Justice Friends?" asked Graybon.
"No."
Next Cara said with a smile, "The Justice..."
"No Justice anything!"
"We're going to regret not giving ourselves a name," said Tyranik and then everyone laughed except Justice who kept shaking his head.
They finally decided to exit the meeting room and were surprised to see Kierie, Syreesa, and Nailite waiting for them in the hallway. Justice stiffened back up but Saris was glad to get a chance to talk to her father. She moved toward him and gave him a hug. Nailite and Cara did the same. Saris was determined to show Justice that not all Virason were as arrogant and greedy as King Relis.
"I've missed you," said Syreesa.
Saris answered, "I've missed you, too. I've seen a lot since I left."
"I was hoping you wouldn't be pulled in to this but I should have known you would find your way to the fight."
"She seems to be a danger magnet," quipped Justice.
Syreesa laughed with them. "Yes, I have no doubt she will be in the middle of whatever trouble you encounter."
"From what I have seen, trouble will need to look out for her."
Saris was a little surprised to hear the compliment from Justice. He did not give those out often. Or ever.
Kierie smiled at the teens. "I believe this group of fighters is the best we could have assembled for this task. The Virason have always had an ego problem and that is a weakness we can't afford at this time."
Saris noticed the distinct difference in Kierie's words. The formal meeting speech was gone and her words more like a teacher giving encouragement to her students.
"Ego has never been my problem," said Justice. "I fully expect to die every time I take on a mission like this."
"Let's hope not. Come with me gentlemen. I'm sure the parents want to talk to their children and the former Krysfire would like to see their old friends."
Justice, Tyranik, and Graybon walked on ahead with Kierie. Ailyah and Polus headed out of the palace and into the hills. Nailite and Cara headed toward her chambers.
Syreesa said, "I am sorry this falls to you."
"I'm not," Saris replied. "I have had the best teachers and the best training for times like this."
"Just because a father prepares his children doesn't mean that he wants to see them have to use that training. This is going to be dangerous beyond normal wars and battles."
"I know. I also know that together we are dangerous, too."
"Unfortunately, the king knows this as well. He is allowing your alliance for now but I do not know what he will do once this is all over."
"When we are successful he will have no choice but to welcome us back."
"You and your friends, yes. But Night's Justice..."
"He is our friend now, too. That was no act when we stood with him in the throne room. We will fight with him."
"It was an impressive display. It showed your strength and was unnerving to the king. Time will tell if it was a wise move or put a target on all of you. I don't think Night's Justice wanted to inform the king of the importance of your friendship."
"He did tell us to forget everything we knew about him before we came in."
"Smart. You should listen to him. His instincts are sharp. Following his instructions can keep all of you alive on this journey."
"I have already begged him to teach us more. He has been reluctant."
"He will come around. I can tell you and the others admire him. Although he tries to hide it, he does care about you and your friends. He is protective of those in his charge."
"I already consider him my brother. We will follow his lead."
"Good. Your mother would be so proud of you. I know you miss her and so do I."
"Until your next wife and family?"
"Don't do that. You know it will be thousands of years before I would consider another wife. It will be almost like a different lifetime for me like it is with my past. Mortals can have many children and they all have to be fairly close in age. In my seven thousand years, you are only my eleventh child. I remember how special your brothers and sisters were and I will remember you."
"I'm sorry. I just feel cheated that she is gone already."
"You have the right to feel that way. That is why you will be perfect for this. You will be fighting so more children do not lose parents or brothers or sisters."
"We will succeed, father. I will not let the world fall into darkness."
"I believe you. Let's get you to your quarters so you can rest. You've had a long journey and it's about to get longer."
Saris walked and listened to her father talk about what was going on at the palace. Relis was always wanting someone to paint another picture of him or carve another statue. Syreesa thought this kind of attitude had spread throughout the hills and even some of The Wise missed the signs over the past few years. They finally came to living quarters only to find Nailite waiting for them with a frown.
"He didn't want to stay in the palace," she said. "Always afraid of a trap. He wants to stay in the servants' quarters that are built into the side of the hills outside the palace. He said no one could sneak up on him there."
Syreesa looked at Saris and smiled. "Like I said, smart."
They took the long walk down the many halls and corridors until they came outside. There was a path that led between two hills on the left side of the palace. Nailite led them down the path and between the hills until they came to the servants' quarters. Justice, Kierie, and her friends were standing at the entrance waiting.
Kierie said, "I like these boys. If I had ever had children, I hope they would have been like these young men."
Kierie was a Fair. She had never married or had children. The Fair put the betterment of the Virason above everything else. That is why she took this threat personally.
"Well, I suggest you get some sleep," she continued. "Even these next two days will be busy with preparations."
She nodded and then disappeared down the path. Syreesa and Nailite wished them a good sleep and then followed Kierie.
She watched her father disappear into the night and once again the weight of their task hit her. Saris had always dreamed of more responsibility but she did not know if she was ready for the fate of the world at the age of fifteen. It didn't matter now. The world depended on her and her friends. She looked around and notice Justice still scanning the area checking for every possible danger. Everyone was right about him. He was the leader they needed to complete the mission and keep them alive.
"I hope none of you snore," Justice said. "I have a different room for all of us to stay in. We won't just sit around and wait for an ambush. All boyfriends and girlfriends on opposite walls."
He smirked and then entered the living quarters. Saris looked at the others and rolled her eyes. She was going to have to get used to his overprotective nature.



JOURNEY TO THE WESTERN SHORE
The next two days consisted of preparing supplies and themselves for what awaited to the north. Jare introduced them to Julti who was an expert on the Barrier Mountains. His dark beard and long hair were grown for the ruggedness of that terrain.
"There are not many Virason who are willing to help mortals. Julti is one of the finest that I know."
"You flatter me," Julti responded. "The truth is that he can tolerate me more than the rest of our haughty kind."
"Take what you can get. That's a nice new scar on your cheek."
"The northern mountains are a dangerous place."
"Especially when the mountains hide daggers. That's a knife wound."
"This evil you are facing has many weapons. The fighters are skilled and powerful. I was lucky to survive. I believe this group knows what I am talking about. The story of your victory has spread across the continent already."
Jare turned back to the teens. "We must absorb all the knowledge we can from him. His expertise on the deadly terrain of the mountains probably saved his life. We don't have that expertise. This will be more dangerous than anything we have faced."
Jare then stepped aside and turned the teaching over to Julti. He was a Fair who lived for the ice and snow that covered those peaks to the north. He thrived where most would lay down and die. Julti had been one of The Warriors long ago but now he preferred the isolation of the mountains. He was indeed an expert in the wildlife they would encounter and the plants they could eat. Jare would carefully watch the others to see who was focused and who was letting their mind wander. No matter how boring the subject was, Saris was always learning. Jare knew that she was going to be the one to trust when their lives were on the line. The boys and Cara were great fighters but only Saris seemed to understand that knowledge was the most important skill. Ailyah and Polus would be trustworthy as well but they had never traveled this far north before. Jare was going to have to lead. He despised that the lives of others would ride on his every move. The anger started to rise but he pushed it back down inside. His main priority now was to teach them what they needed to survive.
Jare now knew there was no choice but to continue their combat training. Grittenod prepared it's students well but it was in general combat. Stealth and cunning would be the key on this journey. He showed them hand to hand and many small weapon techniques. The fighting was not going to be like two armies lined up on a battlefield. It would be in the shadows and under the cover of night. This is where Jare excelled. Taking down a bigger and stronger opponent was his gift. The training was rushed but he was determined to prepare them as best he could. A new thought entered his mind. A thought he tried to push out and forget. Something told him that he would have to face it soon. The teens had gifts like him. Those gifts needed to be forgotten or honed. Untrained children of Virason could easily destroy themselves or others overextending their powers. He had no doubt that they were already aware of what they could do. Knowing these kids they were probably already trying dangerous things that would get them killed. Jare couldn't avoid it any longer. He was going to be a mentor whether he wanted to or not.
Much too soon, the time came to leave the Krystal Hills. The morning brought both excitement and nervous tension. Everyone said their goodbyes. Syreesa, Nailite, and Kierie had come to see them off. Even Cara's father was there with Nailite wishing them a safe journey. The king never summoned them again after the first meeting. Kierie again expressed her confidence that the mission would succeed. It was hard for the girls to leave their parents once again. It was never enough time for the children when you came to visit the Krystal Hills. Most Virason wanted you out as quickly as you came in. Jare did not see many other Virason during their stay. Most avoided the visitors. He wasn't complaining. It was one of the few traits of Virason he liked. They walked to the north gates that allowed in Snow River. The Krysfire swung the gates wide and they walked out along the riverbank.
"Well, we're deep in it now," said Graybon.
Jare was slightly amused. "I told you in the Old Forest not to come with me. And to turn away at the gates. And to not let them know you were with me. It seems like you ought to listen to me once in a while."
"Now what?" asked Tyranik.
"Didn't you listen to any of the plan?" scolded Saris. "We go between Frozen Lake and Big Brother Lake and then follow the mountains. Simple."
"I'm sure this will be anything but simple with this hard-headed group," added Ailyah.
Jare enjoyed others getting annoyed with a lack of discipline. "Well then, everyone single file, hands behind your backs, and no touching. No horseplay or tattling either."
"We're not five!" bellowed Cara.
Polus grinned. "Trust me, he likes you. Otherwise, he wouldn't speak to you at all. It was a week before he ever said a word to me."
"That's not true," countered Ailyah. "Maybe five days. That was better than when he talked to Elara."
"Definitely better. Those two getting to know each other was like a volcano about to erupt."
"So, just be happy he acknowledges your presence. It's a great honor coming from him. Well, let's go children."
"Oh, Ailyah, not you too!" pleaded Saris.
Everyone laughed and Jare led them away from the Krystal Hills. After several hours they rounded the northeast edge of Big Brother Lake and headed due west. The Barrier Mountains rose menacingly to the north and the echoes of the storms could be heard all the way to the Life Lakes. The snowfall was gentle and lightly covered the ground. In the winter this area would be covered by several feet of snow but now it was scattered from the mountains to the lakes.
Every few hours they would stop to rest and train. Jare always thought of something new to teach while hiking. The teens were fast learners and impressed him with their skills. Even Ailyah and Polus said they were learning new things from him. Night was coming quickly and it was imperative to find a suitable spot to sleep and start a fire. It was also vital that they did not attract attention. Jare found a clearing located just outside of a small village. His fire would blend in with the fires coming from the villagers' small homes. Once they were all settled and began to eat Jare asked how Saris joined with the others.
"I was born in the Krystal Hills," she explained. "My parents wanted to raise me away from the Virason. My father has enemies that don't like his way of doing things. He generally sees threats early because he is not blinded by Virason pride. My mother was envied by the other women. Syreesa has had very few wives for such a long life span and Virason females do not understand how someone so picky could choose a mortal."
Saris told of how she and her parents left the hills and settled to the southeast on the continent of Nashire. There she was schooled by a special group of Virason. They were the Sovereigns that trained The Wise. She spent most of her life under their protection with her father and mother. Syreesa would travel to the Krystal Hills sometimes to keep updated on current affairs. One day Saris and her mother got a message to come to join him in Vorretenna. Their ship was attacked and only a handful of survivors got away. Her mother did not make it. Once on the shore of Redton, Saris traveled across the land to the training facility of Grittenod. She was determined to be able to defend her loved ones. Her father came to see her when he learned she was alive. He wanted to take her back to Nashire but Saris would not leave. Fighting was the next skill she was determined to master. Their meeting with King Relis was the first time she had seen her father in two years.
Jare understood her motivation and it pained him that Saris had experienced grief like him. He told them he needed to check the area but really he just needed to be alone and to think. The slow walk sent memories of his own pain flooding back to him. Every so often, he was reminded that he can not make things perfect for everyone. He found a spot illuminated by the moonlight and he sat just to listen. The sounds of the lakes and the mountains came clearly. The water was constantly rippling from the breeze that came over the mountains. Storms that raged on the other side of the peaks were clear images in his mind. The movements of wildlife both big and small were easy to detect.
Jare easily sensed when the figure neared. He did not open his eyes but simply motioned to come to join him. Saris slowly walked forward and took a seat beside him on the ground.
"Close your eyes and listen," he instructed her.
Once she was still he continued. "Once you hear everything try to feel everything around you. Then call out from inside to whatever will listen. It will take time but something will answer."
They sat together for over an hour not speaking. He did not know if she could sense anything at all. It took him a long time to master communicating with nature but he started much younger. He also had a much shorter attention span at a young age so maybe she would have success sooner. Saris was always focused and would always succeed when she put her mind to accomplishing something.
Jare was almost ready to return to the others when he became aware of it stirring in the trees beyond the lake. He glanced at Saris and from the look in her eyes, he could tell she knew it was there, too.
He whispered, "Stay calm and still. It will want to communicate with us."
He didn't know if he was reassuring Saris or himself. Whatever was coming was something new to him. New was not always good. They kept their concentration and finally it came into view. A great gray bear. The bear slowly came forward and kept its gaze fixed on the two humans sitting alone. Majestic was the first word that came to mind. The gray bear was the size of an elephant but it moved with grace. Once again, they were staring into the eyes of an Ancient. As it got closer, Jare could tell that it was an Ancient Grizzly. He had never made contact with the Ancient Bears before so he did not know its intentions. Some Ancients did not like people and especially did not like them coming into their territory.
The Ancient was close now. It stopped just out of striking distance and looked them over once more. Then the Grizzly moved forward toward Saris. Jare instantly contemplated drawing his blades but the risk was too great. He was sure he would be killed but he didn't know if he could buy enough time for Saris to escape and warn the others. Their only chance was to hope the Grizzly did not want to eat them.
The bear went nose to nose with Saris. To her credit, she never flinched and didn't even open her eyes. He was astonished when he realized what was happening. The Ancient had chosen to communicate with her. Jare was both proud of her and a little irritated that she mastered the skill so quickly. It took him years to sit patiently and clear his mind. Saris took only a week. He wanted to know what was going on in the mind of the Ancient but that would have to wait until Saris was through. After several minutes, the bear stood up on its back legs and reached full height. It was impressive before but now amazingly intimidating was the phrase that came to mind. It looked them over, turned away, and then bolted into the trees. He judged the speed to be twice as fast as any horse. Just like that, the encounter was over.
"What did it say to you?" Jare asked.
"She thanked us for trying to save our world and offered us help. I just need to call her when we need her."
"That is the first time I have ever seen an Ancient Bear. Impressive."
"I just fall in line and do what I'm told."
"Haha. Was that all?"
"No. The attacks are happening more often. Ancient creatures of all kinds disappear and are never seen again. They know we are coming and they are preparing for war. We have to be even more careful because this evil will try to stop us."
"Then we will be prepared also. I am proud of you. Very few have ever spoken with an Ancient. If I ever had a little sister I imagine she would be just like you."
"Well, since neither of us is going to get any siblings, let's just consider ourselves family."
"Done. Brother and sister."
They walked in silence contemplating the severity of the situation. Back at camp, they told the others of their encounter with the Grizzly and the next morning everyone was up early, eager to continue the journey. It took several days to pass Big Brother Lake and Little Brother Lake. They had one more lake to pass before turning south toward the ruins. The route kept them to the north because Giant's Lake came very close to the base of the western half of the Barrier Mountains. Giant's Lake fed Gargantua River which ran west, Cyclops River which ran south, and Titan River which ran east. Turning south too soon would force them to cross all three rivers and Jare did not like going across more water than absolutely necessary. He had been taught long ago that many dangerous creatures can hide in the depths. The safest path only required one river crossing.
As they neared Giant's Lake, Jare sensed something was wrong. His training was paying off because the rest sensed it as well and assumed a defensive position. Everyone drew their weapon. Their gaze was drawn toward the base of the nearest mountain where several dark figures stood motionless. The wind picked up and snow blew across the figures. When the wind died down, there were more. Twenty warriors dressed in dark brown pants and coats now stared back at them from the bottom of the mountains.
Jare gave his last advice before the battle. "Constantly move. Be aware of all that is around you. They will try to kill while you are engaged with another."
All at once the figures moved toward them. Eerily out of place against the white snow, they picked up speed as they charged. There was no sound as they swept toward the teens. Jare held his ground. Closer and closer the figures came. The attack was upon them. This was the first test of his teaching ability. He found himself nervous for the first time in a long time.
Jare whispered, "Just remember what I taught you. Remember what I taught you."
Together each member of the quest slid away from the closest attacker and delivered a killing blow as they went by. Seven went down immediately and their odds greatly improved.
Jare engaged two more figures as they brought swords toward his head. He deflected with his left blade and then his right sending both attackers falling to the ground. Two more tried to stab him from behind just like he had anticipated but Jare spun and grabbed the sword arm of the first. He used the momentum to guide its sword right into the chest of the next figure. In one motion he then brought down his blade and severed the arm of the attacker he had grabbed. Then he drove his blade deep into its neck. The other figures were now attacking the others.
Saris had two dead at her feet then she slid at the legs of a third and slashed its shin sending it sprawling to the ground. She planted her short sword in its back. Graybon blocked the advances of each attacker as they struck and then moved to another. It seemed their strategy was to wear down the largest. They attacked him like bees swarming. Graybon held them off long enough to let the others cut them down. Two leaped at Tyranik who hit his knees and stuck his sword straight up in the air slicing it as it flew by. Tyranik was on his feet immediately and stabbed the other one as it was trying to regain its balance. Cara had two knives drawn and was driving back her attackers with well-placed swipes and kicks when they were off balance. One rushed at her and she ducked in time to send it flying over her back and to the ground. The second followed but she blocked the swing of its sword with the knife in her left hand to the hilt in its right hand. In one motion she continued up with her right hand and drove her knife into its chin. She spun back to face the figure she flipped as it regained its footing. It had just raised its sword when a knife hit it in the middle of the chest. Ailyah and Polus had two in between them standing back to back and violently flailing their swords. Polus took a running start and leaped high over the two. They both turned their attention above and that is when Ailyah extended her crystal blade right through the bellies of both attackers. One attacker was now trapped between them all as they turned to face it. It must have known it was hopeless so it charged straight at Graybon. He raised his ax to deliver the final blow but an arrow went through its chest before it could reach him. It fell at his feet and Cara smiled.
"Really? I didn't kill one," he whined.
Cara was not having any of it. "Quit complaining. We're not keeping score."
Jare listened to them for a moment waiting to see if any of them noticed. He could tell by the smile of Ailyah and Polus that they were aware of the same thing. He could see Saris observing the results of battle and look at Tyranik. Cara and Graybon stopped talking and gave each other disturbing looks. They all scanned the results of the battle carefully looking for what they had missed.
Saris said, "There are only nineteen bodies. We are missing one."
Jare smiled and nodded while waiting for the last-ditch attack that was surely coming. From behind a rock the last attacker lunged at him. He did not flinch or make any attempt to avoid the sword coming at his head. Graybon was the closest and he swung his ax right by Jare's head and into the skull of the final dark clothed figure. It fell right behind Jare's feet.
"That's twenty," Jare said and he smiled as if he hadn't just been inches from death.
Graybon chuckled and then said, "Thanks for letting me get one."
Jare continued, "We need to examine these bodies to know what we are dealing with but be careful. We don't know what defenses or traps they may have on them even after death."
"No time," warned Ailyah.
Everyone looked back in the direction of the mountains. There now stood well over one hundred of the figures dressed in the same dark brown clothing.
Cara gave the first dire observation. "It seems the first attack was just to determine our strength. I guess we should be flattered they are going to send that many against us."
"We will never survive against such a great number," said Polus.
Jare knew he was right but he had another possibility. "There might be a way. Saris..."
But she was already deep in her thoughts, concentrating on the trees, lakes, and mountains. The dark figures began their charge moving swiftly like the first wave. Jare's friends all raised their weapons again even if it was a no-win situation.
Like raging thunder from a great storm, they burst into sight. Seven great bears running with the swiftness of a lion. The Ancients had answered Saris and were coming to their aid. Everyone was unsure of what was going to happen next and they were all shocked when Saris gave the next set of instructions.
"When they run by, swing up onto the back of one of the bears. Then get ready to hold your breath. I have let them know how often we need to come up for air."
"Huh?" Tyranik was puzzled like the rest.
Further explanations would not be coming. The Ancients were upon them and each managed to fling themselves up on the back of a bear as it raced by. Now they were off and running. The dark figures were soon specks on the snow and then gone. The bears did not slow. The trip was far from over and the Ancients were going to speed things along. Faster and faster the bears ran as they raced along the base of the mountains. Jare caught sight of Giant's Lake on the horizon and the Ancients turned slightly to head straight for it. He had a suspicion of what Saris meant when she told them to hold their breath but now as the bears approached the lake he knew for sure what was about to happen. He was not looking forward to it. Giant's Lake was getting nearer now and their speed kept increasing.
He heard Tyranik yell, "We have to stop. They are going to drown us in the lake."
Saris screamed an answer from atop the Ancient Grizzly. "Just go with it. I know what I'm doing. And don't forget to take a deep breath."
A few more anxious moments and then the bears jumped from the shore out over the water. The next few seconds seemed like an eternity while they were suspended in the air. Then they all hit the water. The rush and chill were numbing. Jare couldn't feel the rest of his body and he wondered if he was already frozen solid. He couldn't tell how long they were under the water when suddenly the bears were bursting through the surface. Breathe, he thought. Luckily, he did and they were back under in an instant. The water dulled his senses and he hated being out of control but he knew this was saving their lives. The bears repeated this pattern over and over. Jare was finally able to discern what was going on around him. The bears were actually running along the bottom of the lake and shooting back to the surface when the humans needed air. It was an amazing way to travel even if it was not the most comfortable of rides.
Finally, the lake bottom started to angle up and with one last leap, the group of friends emerged from the water. The Ancients landed gracefully on the shore. The bears came to a stop and let the soaked travelers slide off. Then the bears shook their gray fur furiously and showered them all with more water. Saris laughed but the boys were not amused. The Grizzly slowly walked up to Saris and they touched noses. Jare knew Saris was thanking her for saving their lives. The bears would not go any further south so this would be goodbye. All the bears rose up on their hind legs and gave a mighty roar that shook the ground. Then they turned back to the lake and dove in. The Ancient Bears were gone just as quickly as they had appeared.



THE RUINS OF CALONTINE
Saris was sad to see her new friends go but she knew there was a greater purpose at hand. She was also sure she would see the Ancient Grizzly again. Until that time, there was a lot of work to do. The Ancients brought them ashore on the western edge of Giant's Lake. Gargantua River began here and flowed west toward the ocean. At least two days journey still separated them from the Ruins of Calontine. An attack was sure to come before they reached their destination. Whatever was now hunting them knew they were strong so the force coming at them would be far greater next time.
"What just happened?" asked Graybon.
"That is a little trick I never knew you could do," said Tyranik.
Saris shrugged. "I didn't know I could do it until recently."
"No doubt a skill learned from the great Night's Justice again."
"If you would ever stop to listen maybe you could learn these things, too."
Cara cut in. "We have bigger problems to worry about. Yes, we escaped but who knows what we lost traveling that way. Let's take inventory."
The sun was warmer here and dried their clothes and supplies very quickly. Of course, some things like most of their food could not be saved. Luckily, the journey to the ruins had become much shorter since the Ancients gave them a ride.
"Get as much water as you can carry," said Justice. "Most travelers will follow close by Gargantua River and Troll River. We have to go between them to avoid another attack. Following the lakes was too easy. It was not hard to find us. They must have a camp set up somewhere in the north. I won't make that mistake again."
"Are there any villages or settlements between here and the ruins?" asked Cara.
"Nomads mostly. They move back and forth between rivers following the herds of Bull Oxen," answered Justice.
Another obstacle they would likely face. Bull Oxen looked a lot like regular oxen except, naturally, they were about twice the size. They also had bull horns that extended a body length to each side. Since Bull Oxen were prone to angry outbursts, they fought a lot for dominance. The nomads would hunt the injured and one would feed their tribe for weeks. Although this was beneficial to the people's survival, if you came across a healthy bull ox you most definitely would not walk away from the encounter.
After filling every jug and bottle, they began the last leg of their journey to the Ruins of Calontine. The land was flatter now and the weather would be fairer. Storms could rise up quickly across these flatlands but they usually blew over just as fast. No snow, lakes, or rivers meant faster travel was possible. This also meant that Justice was going to push them harder than ever. Breaks became fewer and shorter. He seemed determined not to allow them to fall into another trap. He also wanted the rest of them to tap into the power that was resting inside.
"This seems like a suitable place," Justice said all of a sudden.
"That doesn't sound good," Graybon said.
"You want to be powerful and a legend don't you?"
"Well, yes and...yes."
"Then let's harness the power you already have."
Cara added, "we don't know what we have. I've never been able to do anything like you."
"You do know your skill and you have probably used it before," corrected Justice. "Think about your past. What are your strengths? Have you ever done anything that you just were not sure how you did it? You have tapped into this power without realizing it. In moments of great focus, you have been great."
Everyone nodded and thought back on their childhood. Certain memories came flooding back.  Saris remembered running from some wild dogs when she was very young. A wall of rock kept her from being torn apart. The rock was too high for someone that young to climb and she did not know how she got to the other side. Somehow, she went through the wall to safety.
The others had similar stories. Graybon managed to knock down a barn while chopping wood.  Cara said she can feel the arrows long after she shoots them from her bow. Only Tyranik did not have a certain event that he could pinpoint where a power emerged. Justice said that it didn't matter because the mind was the way all of this was controlled. If Tyranik mastered his control, then he would master his ability when it arose. They spent hours practicing their focus. Eventually, Justice let them actually put their skill to use. Saris phased her body for a few seconds. Graybon swung his ax and let the power flow through the weapon. Cara shot an arrow and guided it toward a target. She was actually able to slightly changed its trajectory mid-flight. Cara was the most successful because she inadvertently practiced her skill often. Justice was quick to caution her not to overextend.
"It will be very easy for you to get overconfident and push past your limits. Trust me, I almost killed myself many times when I was a kid. You can use too much of your energy to control it and then your body will shut down. All your systems will stop functioning and death is inevitable."
Saris could feel what he was talking about. When she pushed too hard her body started to shake and went numb. Once she pulled back, everything returned to normal. It was an amazing and scary sensation. When Justice thought it was enough, he stopped the practice and cautioned them again.
"You are all powerful and learn quickly. Do not let arrogance and impatience control you. Never practice without me. If things go wrong I am the only one who can save you. It took me years to master my skill and I still am learning how far I can push myself."
"Are you saying you will be with us for years?" asked Cara with a smile.
Justice sighed and said, "Slow down a little bit. I'm still adjusting to your amazing company. Now let's go before I run away screaming."
Just like that, the training was over and their journey to the ruins continued. Night was falling once again when Ailyah, who had been leading, brought them all to a halt. She motioned them all down and soon they were flat on their stomachs. In the distance, a rumbling sound of feet marching grew louder. Everyone kept low and quiet while the new army marched into view. The same figures dressed in dark brown were moving north toward the Gargantua River.  Saris estimated about a hundred more of these brown foot soldiers. This meant they would eventually have to face at least two hundred of these warriors in the north. The odds against them were growing greater by the day. Everyone remained frozen in place watching and praying that they would not be noticed. Eventually, the army marched past and into the night.
"It's safe now," said Ailyah. "All are out of sight and no rear guard following."
Justice exchanged glances with her. "They think we are still around the lakes."
"Yes. It appears this force is meant to neutralize us."
"They don't know a lot about our world. We can still use this to our advantage."
"If something is in the ruins then it does not expect us to make it that far."
Tyranik added, "We need to get there under the cover of night. We are better trained now in stealth. Together we have a great advantage against foes who are not familiar with the territory."
Justice nodded and then turned toward the southwest. Ailyah took the point again and although it wasn't spoken, everyone knew they would continue on through the night. The race had begun. Once the armies of this evil could not find the travelers, they would turn their focus to the Krystal Hills. If the Virason were conquered then the war with men would be the bloodiest this world had ever seen. The loss of human life would be catastrophic even in victory. The loss of life would be total in defeat.
Travel was exhausting but no other threats crossed their path. Around noon on the second day since leaving Giant's Lake, the Ruins of Calontine came into view. The long deserted roofs of tall buildings were still visible from miles away. This civilization was once the dominant force in the world. Now all that was left were these impressive reminders of a great people long gone. The plan was to wait until nightfall to enter the ruins. Everyone sat to rest for the long night ahead. Justice laid down and closed his eyes. He was a master at sleeping on the roughest terrain.
Cara looked at Ailyah and asked, "have you ever regretted leaving the Krystal Hills and taking this form?"
Ailyah pondered the question for a moment. "I have no regrets. I do miss the other Krysfire I have known for thousands of years."
"What made you leave?"
"The Virason have changed over time. At their beginning, they cared about the world and those who lived in it. They were less arrogant and self-involved. Now, with the rule of Relis, I don't know if anything matters to most of them outside of the Krystal Hills. They don't want to stop this threat to save the world. All that matters to them is saving themselves."
Polus added, "In this way, Justice is correct about them. He handles it with no grace whatsoever, but he is still correct."
"I can still hear you," called Justice.
"I wasn't hiding it from you," responded Polus. "I am your elder and not afraid of you."
Everyone chuckled.
Polus continued, "Relis had Elara and Ailyah follow him night and day. They were turned into personal servants. He made them get his clothes, change his bedsheets, clean his chambers, and any other task that an adult being should be able to do on his own."
"I grew to hate him," said Ailyah. "Elara was ready to drive her sword through his chest."
"Should have let her," Justice chimed in.
Polus countered, "That would have caused a war that none of us needed. So Ailyah and Elara decided to leave and naturally I followed. We still have the desire to protect and that is what we have done for the last thousand years. Yes, we have experienced sadness along the way but we regret nothing."
Ailyah sighed and nodded. "Sadness, but no regrets."
Everyone fell silent. The unspoken question lingered in the air. Justice stared off into the distance. He would not ask. All eyes remained on Ailyah. She appeared to be gathering her composure.
After a few minutes, she spoke. "My sister was my hero. She believed in the goodness of the world more than anyone. So she fought harder than anyone to protect it. We are not naive. We know evil is all around us but the good is worth fighting for. That was what drove her. In that way, she is just like you."
Ailyah looked at Justice. He would not return her gaze. Instead, he got up and walked a few steps away to stare out over the plains. No response was coming but he was going to listen to the story of Elara's fate.
Ailyah continued, "This is no doubt what drew her to Justice. That and their arguments about who hated the Virason more. Seriously, if anyone ever wanted to paint a portrait of the essence of dark and brooding, these two would be the models."
More laughter from the group but no acknowledgment from Justice.
"It was a constant contest to see who could look the unhappiest the longest."
"Ok, ok," Justice finally said. "Everybody gets it. We were not the most cheerful people."
"You seem happier now," observed Polus.
"Thank you," said Justice with a smile.
"Must be the kids."
The smile quickly disappeared as everyone else grinned at him.
"We are his happiness," chimed Cara.
"This is my nightmare," added Justice.
After a few more laughs, everyone quieted eager to hear more.
"After Justice left us in the Prestlands, the Protectors split to investigate different disturbances.  Elara, Polus, and I journeyed to Alitash. We were accompanied by five more Protectors so our force was formidable. Something was waiting for us. There was an attack on the city of Hirtas led by four masked fighters. We joined the fight to stop them. They had no intention of taking the city. All they wanted was to separate us, which they did. We all thought we were pursuing one of the leaders but they deceived us. Polus and I were led away while the other three doubled back to ambush Elara. She must have fought valiantly but they were masters. My sister was dead from her wounds before we could reach her. The masked fighters were gone and their forces were then defeated by the soldiers of Hirtas. It didn't matter to them. Their only goal had been to take down Elara."
"Because of me," added Justice.
"It's not your fault. She made many enemies over a thousand years."
"The only time anyone is successful just happens to be right after she helps me kill Yuntix? She was my friend and together we were powerful. Someone did not like that. Most likely the glorious king of the Virason."
"So that is why you didn't want us to show any attachment to you at the Krystal Hills," said Tyranik. "If a target was placed on us, you would blame yourself."
Jare nodded. "And now a target is on all of you."
Cara stood. "Then we will face it together. I chose to follow you. No one forced me. Any target is a result of my own actions and I regret nothing."
Everyone echoed her commitment.
"You realize that this life will lead to an early death for all of us," cautioned Justice. "There is no Virason watching over us like the Protectors. Most Virason will actually hope for our defeat and they will aid in whatever way possible to make that happen. You may have thought your life was tough but now, more than ever, we are alone."
"Then we will be alone together," said Saris.
Everyone again agreed and then decided it was time to rest. The story of Elara caused Saris to completely forget the mission. It was time to come back to the present and face the current crisis. A few hours of sleep and then a new challenge to face.
Saris felt like she had just laid her down when she heard Tyranik yawn and get to his feet. Justice was naturally already prowling the perimeter searching for whatever monster could be hiding in the dark. She sat up and the rest of the party began stirring. Before long everyone was alert and preparing for the entrance to the ruins.
"From now on we only talk when absolutely necessary," said Justice. "Hand signals will be the only means of communicating."
Graybon raised his hand. "What if we don't know what any of your hand signals mean?"
Justice just stared at him.
"I mean we haven't been trained in your secret death stalking ways," Graybon continued.
"Then I'll make the signals easy for you and put your hand down."
Graybon lowered his arm and smiled at everyone as Justice turned once again shaking his head.
"I had to get in one more since we aren't going to be able to talk."
Two more hours of walking brought them over a final stretch of rolling hills and then within full view of the ruins. The ancient city stretched the horizon. It was at least the size of Vorretenna if not greater. Some of the massive buildings that were still standing reached high into the sky.  Saris had seen structures this great before but they were much younger and still in use. The creators of these marvels were intelligent beyond their time. The buildings were thousands of years old and yet their pointed roofs still stretched upward to be seen for miles in every direction. The ruins stretched around a small cove on the Western Shore. Normally, this would be a prosperous port city like Osnike to the north and Shelmar to the south but the ruins had never been resettled out of respect or fear. The Western Shore was rumored to have many secrets and curses. Calontine was at the center of most of the stories. Saris hoped that the rumors were not true but with her luck, she wasn't too optimistic.
Justice held up his hand and everyone stopped immediately.
Tyranik whispered, "Did we get that signal right?"
Justice scowled at him and everyone else tried not to laugh out loud. Justice then motioned for Ailyah and Polus to go left and he disappeared to the right. Saris and her friends were left again just to stare at each other and wait. They were still treated like children even after proving themselves over and over. After several minutes, all three returned with more information about the city.
Justice drew a map of the ruins in the dirt. The edge of the city had once been protected by a great wall but it was now mostly piles of rubble. The lookouts were in the tallest buildings that were left standing. The same brown cloaked fighters patrolled the streets below. Most of the army was gone so there was a possibility of getting through undetected.
Saris, Cara, and Polus took positions just out of sight of the lookouts and readied their bows. Justice, Tyranik, Ailyah, and Graybon crawled toward the remains of the wall. Saris counted five on the roofs closest to the edge of the city. They drew back and let three arrows fly. All three struck home and immediately three more arrows were in the air. The last two fell before they even had a chance to locate the threat.
The way was clear for Justice and the others to cross the wall. Saris could no longer see but she heard the swoosh of swords and the thud of bodies falling. the eerie silence that followed was a sign of success. The instructions were to wait five minutes and move forward to the next set of rooftops and lookouts. Then the plan would be repeated until they reached the castle on the cove.
Saris and the other archers crawled over a low part of the fallen wall. They slowly crept forward and saw the brown-clad bodies of the first patrol. Once past, Cara located the next set of lookouts. The arrows flew again and the result was the same. All six went down before they could warn any of the ground troops. The sound of swords was heard again followed by silence. No alarm was sounded so the advance continued. They seemed to be moving faster now. The same attack was repeated four more times. Now the threat of bodies being discovered could derail the plan. Finally, their advance brought them to their friends at the gates of the castle. Saris didn't know what they were here to find or how it could help save their world. She did know that whatever it was, it was in that castle.


THE WHITE GATE
Jare was staring at the castle gates when the three archers finally joined them. He was irritated that his directions were not followed precisely. Mistakes made by anyone could get the entire group killed.
"You started shooting too early about the third set of lookouts," he whispered.
"We had to move fast," responded Saris. "If other patrols came across those bodies we would have bigger problems."
"We almost had bigger problems when bodies started falling out of the sky and we were not in a position to silence the brown warriors on the ground."
"Did you start moving quicker?"
"Yes."
"Then congratulations. You are able to adapt."
"Shhhhh, you're getting too loud," said Ailyah. "Besides, he's only mad because he tripped over Graybon when he was caught off guard."
"I didn't trip," protested Jare. "He ran into me because the shooting started too soon."
Polus moved to the entrance of the gate and tried to get the focus back on the task. "No guards or lookouts on the towers. They must have never expected anyone to make it this far. I expect there to be quite a resistance once we get inside."
Jare nodded and then slowly went through the gate as if he expected a trap to be sprung at any second. The rest followed in a single file line. All eyes scanned the grounds and the windows of the castle. So far, it was as silent as a tomb. Jare hoped it would not be theirs.
They reached what was once the front doors of the castle. One stone door was in pieces all over the ground and the other door was still attached but it was pushed up against the wall. Carefully the group entered the ancient castle. The long stone hallway was dark and seemed to go on forever. Stairways and halls led to various parts of the castle but a faint sound could be heard coming from in front of them. They continued on until they reached another set of doors.
Jare stopped and listened. Something was on the other side. He looked around for an entrance that would conceal their approach but the only way seemed to be through the doors. He carefully pushed them open and peered around. Then he heard the voice.
"Come in."
It was an older voice but there was a great strength in it. Jare could always tell a leader when they spoke. He also knew that there was no use in sneaking anymore.
"Can we expect an attack soon or do you want to chat for a little while?" asked Jare.
There was a booming laugh. Jare continued into the room. It was some type of amphitheater that went down about fifty rows. At the bottom was the flat stage area. The lack of a back wall allowed the entire theater to open to the cove. The torches and the moonlight reflecting off the water made a beautiful scene. On the stage in front of a great white gate was a humanoid figure with a crystal crown on his head. He had diamond shaped black eyes, a bright orange beard, and old orange and black robes which must have been royal robes at one time. Although on his knees, Jare could tell he was about twice the height of a normal man.
"There will be no attack from me," the old king said. "I actually would like you to perform the merciful act of killing me."
Jare studied him closely. Each arm was chained to opposite sides of the gate behind him. The gate seemed to be drawing energy from the old man.
"Maybe you should tell me who you are first."
"I guess it has been a long time. I am King Calon. Welcome to my home."
"It looks like you have been away for some time. Why are you chained in your own castle?"
"I need a promise first. Promise me you will end my suffering. I can never recover from what they have done to me."
"If your information is useful then I will free you from your pain."
"I am the creator of the gate. Every land is ruled by different conquerors throughout time. Some of these conquerors come from different worlds. There are many passageways between worlds. Most of the time these paths are stumbled on by accident. I found a way to travel from world to world by creating this gate to one of those paths. Now, this new force is using me to enter my old kingdom."
"You are not from our world?"
"No. I used my life force to create what you now call the Traveler's Gates and I came here thousands of years ago from Hydoria. My world was ravaged by constant wars and I wanted a new kingdom. I waged one more war and I got it."
"They are using you to travel through the gates. They must be powerful to have trapped you. What are we facing?"
"They are powerful but so are you. You have them scared. Their plan is the same. Come here and take your world for their own. The Browns are the foot soldiers. You have killed some of the monsters that steal magical life. Then their sages drain energy from the living to give themselves strength."
"That is why none are ever seen again and there are no bodies."
"Correct. They become strong because life here is strong. I ruled this world for longer than your precious Virason have. I love most of the life here and I don't want to see it end. My time is over but you can save our home."
"Once you are freed from the gate will it operate on its own again?"
"Yes. It will choose who travels. Even if I am dead my life force will remain trapped and power the gate."
"Who controls this new evil?"
"The race is called Wolires. The king is Fedrire. He is on the island in the great bay to the east. He waits for his son and daughter to assemble all the forces and acquire enough energy to attack the Virason. The son's name is Fitemire and he is building up power from all life to bring it to his father. The daughter is the vicious one. Her name is Tornmire. She is responsible for removing all possible threats. She has failed to eliminate you and she is in a rage. If she captures you it will not be pleasant. Fitemire is in the castle to the south and Tornmire operates from the Silver Caves in the Barrier Mountains."
"Are you sure this is what you want?"
"At this point, the gate is keeping me alive as much as I am powering it. Once you free me I will die but you have used so much time asking questions that now you are going to have to deal with the Stires. I guess they found the bodies you left in your path. I hope you win."
Jare spun and saw the dark silhouettes at the top of the theater. No visible facial features and four arms with three long claws at the end of each gave the Stires a menacing appearance. Jare had barely finished his assessment before arrows started flying. His friends learned quickly. Nine Stires leaped down the rows while being struck by arrows.
One landed at Jare's feet as he drew his blades. Two claws came at him from the left and he deflected them with each blade. Two more came from the right and again he deflected the claws past his face. The Stire attempted to catch him off guard with a slash from its top right arm followed by an upward swing from its lower left. Jare blocked the blow with his left blade and dodged backward to avoid the uppercut. It saw an opening and leaped forward extending an arm to stab him in the chest. Jare slashed with his right and cut the claw from its upper right arm. The Stire made no sound. No cry or even a grunt of pain. It stumbled past him but immediately regained its balance and turned just in time for Jare to stab it right through the chest. Again there was no sound and no expression as it fell backward off the stage and into the water.
Jare scanned the area to see if anyone was in trouble. Two Stires had Tyranik backed up against a sidewall. He was already bloodied after being cut several times. Jare took off in a sprint but he was hammered in the side by a flying body. His head cracked the stone floor and his senses were scrambled for a moment. Jare knew this could be the end because an instant was all that death needed to come for you. He cursed in his head that he was going to die because he let himself grow to like people. But the death blow never came and he regained composure to see Saris and Cara blocking a Stire from finishing him. Maybe he cursed too soon. Graybon was on the ground beside him and he quickly regained his feet. The Stire slashed with its upper right arm and Saris stuck her blade right in the middle of its claw. Unable to move it tried to grab its arm with both of its left claws. This left it open to Cara's sword and she slashed its neck.
Tyranik was now on the ground trying his best to deflect the blows from eight arms. Jare leaped again with both blades reversed and he drove them right between the shoulder blades of each Stire. They went to their knees and then crumpled to the ground. Tyranik was up immediately and sprinting to the nearest Stire. Jare again had an unexpected lapse as he was tremendously impressed that Tyranik showed no effects of almost dying.
Polus was backing up the steps of the theater while shooting arrow after arrow into the torso of the Stire pursuing him. The arrows were slowing it down but it kept moving toward him. Tyranik jumped at it with his sword raised above his head. The Stire turned in time to raise its arms to block the blow. Tyranik crashed into it and they both went tumbling down the rows. He lost his sword but was able to come up and grab its neck from behind. Polus continued to bury arrows into its body with a master's precision. Not a single arrow struck Tyranik and the Stire fell.
Ailyah and Graybon were trading blows with a Stire on the top rows of the theater. It swiped toward her and she dove to the ground to avoid the claws. Graybon swung his ax but the Stire trapped it between the claws of its top arms. Two attempts to disembowel Graybon with its lower arms failed. Ailyah slid back toward its legs and buried a dagger in its right thigh. It could no longer pursue Graybon so it turned back to Ailyah. It drove its claws into the stone floor while trying to stab her. Ailyah rolled and was back to her feet in time to see Graybon take its head off with a mighty swing of his ax.
Jare was back to the stage in an instant to intercept a Stire coming up behind Cara and Saris as they were sending arrows into the chest and head of another that had fallen into the water. He crossed his blades just in time to block the upper claws from coming down on Saris' head. He swung up toward its face and it leaned back to avoid decapitation. A right-hand thrust to the shoulder and then a kick to its chest sent it crashing into the first row. Cara and Saris continued their assault on the Stire in the water until it could not withstand any more arrows. It went down beneath the gentle waves. Jare was on the Stire he knocked on its back and brought his foot crashing down on its throat. He finished the kill by thrusting a blade into its neck.
The final Stire was caught between Graybon and Tyranik. It tried uselessly to slice them at the same time. The boys circled it as it made one final attempt to strike. Four arms came after Graybon which he deflected down and then brought the handle of his ax up into the jaw of the Stire. It stumbled and turned to find Tyranik drive his sword through its chest. One final thud of a body hitting the ground and the fight was over.
A quick evaluation of injuries found that Tyranik was cut pretty badly but it was nothing life-threatening. Everyone had bruises and scrapes where they had fallen or slight cuts from the claws. Everyone except Jare.
"I see you managed to come out of this without a scratch again," said Graybon.
"I'm about to bleed to death and you look like you just took a light jog," added Tyranik.
Jare laughed. "Blame your girlfriends. I was about to be gutted but they saved me."
"Very good," bellowed Calon. "I see why you have been chosen by your king to save the world."
"He's not my king," snapped Jare. "I wouldn't mind seeing him chained like you for eternity."
"Not a friend of the Virason? Well, we have that in common."
"So we must kill the daughter and the son and then go after their father."
"Yes. I wish I could be there to see if you are successful. I do want you to save my old kingdom."
"Are you ready?"
"I am. Once I am dead no more of the Wolires will enter this world but those that are already here will be trapped. This will not be over until they are all eliminated."
"How many have come through?"
"I would guess around ten thousand total over the past few years. Some sent to other parts of the world. He wanted many more but you will have spoiled that part of his plan as well."
"Would you like me to place your crown somewhere in the castle?"
"You can place it on my throne. It is a special reminder of my victory in Redton. This is the head of Daimus."
Jare gave him a puzzled look.
"There is so much history that you don't know," said Calon. "I ruled for thirty thousand years but before me, the Krystal Queen Daimus reigned over the lands. The Krystal Hills were her fortress. She created it all. The palace, the hills, and all the grand reflections you see throughout the day and night are because of her."
Ailyah had a disgusted look on her face. "You mean that is all that is left of the first Krystal being?"
"I had to have something to wear on my head and it served as a nice trophy. I destroyed her entire race or so I thought. Some of the more primitive hid and survived but they were not evolved enough to be a threat. I think your Virason still use them to protect their palace."
"How did you lose control of our world?" asked Cara.
"Vorre," answered Calon. "The forerunner of the Virason and humans. He was much like you. He also had a finite lifespan but he was very powerful. There must be something about mortality that gives you an inner power we don't have. No doubt one of the reasons Virason don't celebrate him in their history. It's too painful to admit that they descended from a mortal. At least I will always have my glorious victory over the Krystal Queen. You should add me to your history as well. I was the greatest rul..."
The words turned to a grunt. His face froze in an expression of surprise. Then his eyes closed and he slumped to the floor. As he fell Ailyah grabbed the crown off his head to keep it from shattering on the ground. A once proud ruler of the world who was almost as old as time itself lay dead before them. Everyone was wide-eyed as they turned to her. She held the crown in her left arm and reached down to remove her sword from Calon's chest with her right hand.
"What?" Ailyah asked. "I was tired of hearing him ramble on about his greatness."
Everyone nodded a quick agreement to make sure she was not going to direct her anger at them. All eyes then turned to Calon's body on the floor. He was still chained to the Traveler's Gates. No one had inspected the chains so it was unclear how they were going to get the body free. At that moment the gates started to vibrate and give off a flickering effect like that of a candle in a dark room. The chains disintegrated starting at the gates and moving down to Calon's wrists. The gates slowly swung open toward his body. Wisps of white light came through and began circling Calon. The light became thicker like a white fog around his head. The fog whirled around him faster and faster until the entire body was hidden from their view. All at once the fog dissipated and the light flowed back into the gates. Calon was gone. The gates closed just as slowly as they had opened. The pulsating light of the gates grew brighter and brighter until it gave one final flash and disappeared.
"We are more evolved than him now," said Ailyah breaking the silence.
"So you didn't have any idea?" asked Saris.
"We only know about the first Krysfire. They rose from the crystals in the Krystal Hills and we have protected it ever since. They are gone now so we don't know much about our early days. I wish I was still ignorant of this history."
She hesitated for a moment as if not sure what to do next. Then she said, "I am going to put this in a safe place."
Ailyah walked up the steps and out of the theater. It was obvious the news of her first ancestor was weighing heavily on her. Everyone remained silent for a few minutes after she left their sight.
"We know where we have to go now but we need a new plan," said Polus.
"They have hidden in different parts of Redton and we are running out of time," Jare added. "I think we will have to split up."
"How do we decide who goes where?" asked Saris.
"Cara and I are going together," Graybon said as if there was no debate. "Saris and Tyranik should go with us since we are used to traveling together."
Jare was not going to allow that to happen. "We can't send the four least experienced one way and the three who have been doing this a long time the other."
"You are only three years older than us. You haven't been fighting for a hundred years."
"Experience doesn't always have to do with time. I have been to every continent in this world and faced all types of enemies. My opinion on this carries more weight than yours."
Polus turned to Graybon and said, "I have to agree with Justice on this. Two of you should go with Ailyah and me and the other two should go with Justice."
"That's a good plan," said Saris. "Tyranik and I will go with Justice to the Silver Caves and the rest of you will go to the dark castle. Then we meet at King Lezier's Bay."
A sinister, deadly female voice echoed through the theater. "That is a good plan but Night's Justice won't be going with you."


A NEW AND FAMILIAR FOE
Saris quickly looked up to find the new voice belonged to Patral. Her long reddish brown hair was braided and her eyes lit up with a sinister joy. She wore the dark leather pants and black tight fitting shirt of the Deadliest. The silver blade of her dagger shone in the moonlight as she rested it against the throat of Ailyah. Everyone was frozen in shock and fear. Saris did not understand. They had just freed the gates. Their mission was a success so what could motivate Patral to do this? Saris quickly looked at the others trying to decide what to do about their new adversary. Everyone exchanged glances with her and it was clear they were also at a loss. The only one who didn't look surprised was Justice. Saris had seen him focused many times over the last few weeks but this was different. His face did not show his usually calculating gaze. Instead, she could sense his pure hatred for this Virason.
"Why are you attacking us?" asked Saris. She could no longer stand by while her friend was threatened.
"My child, I am not attacking you," answered Patral. "None of you have to suffer in the slightest. All I need is one thing and he knows what that is."
Saris and the others turned to Justice. Patral's eyes had not left him since she appeared at the top of the theater. Justice continued to stare coldly in her direction. No one else dared to speak since this was obviously going to be a discussion between two masters of killing.
"You know that this plan depends on your belief that I care too much for them," said Justice coldly.
"But you do. Despite your best attempts, your affection shines through. It always was your only weakness. You care too much. That's how I know I will be successful this time. Have you introduced yourself to your new friends properly? I would like you all to meet Jare of the Darkstones."
Saris did not recognize the name. The Darkstones was an area to the east of Redton across the land bridge. It was a part of the land mass Dallsaw. This small continent had been a part of different kingdoms of Redton over the years but now it was totally independent.
Justice continued. "I thought you wanted me to be called Death's Razor or Death's Blade or something stupid like that. I still don't know why everyone wants to give me a new name. I suppose our meeting with Relis was enough to put you on my trail."
"It was almost imperceptible. The only three people in this world who would have possibly noticed are me, you, and your brother."
"He's not my brother."
"Oh come now. All families have their little squabbles. Your brother and I are ready to forgive you for leaving us. No harm will come to your friends if you make the Virason Bind to me. You left just before you reached the proper age. I think you knew that back then. Even as a child your powers of discernment were remarkable. Your intelligence makes you the perfect killer."
Saris was sick to her stomach. The Virason Bind was not practiced anymore. It was deemed too deadly and cruel. Virason or children of Virason could voluntarily bind themselves. Those bonded to another were completely under that person's control. You could still think and feel but you were unable to disobey. Orders to kill, even if it was your own family, were given quite often when the bind was fully practiced. Manipulation and corruption became widespread.
Over ten thousand years ago the bind was almost completely done away with by King Stretnar to keep Virason from forming armies to fight each other. Saris wasn't sure how many were left who even knew how to make it work. She did not doubt that Patral possessed that knowledge.
"Tell me how first," demanded Justice.
"Of course. I would love for you to know how I discovered your secret. Relis asked if you were in your twenties and when you answered the daughter of Syreesa quickly cut her eyes to you."
Saris felt sick to her stomach. She was the one who had given him up.
"No one else in the room saw it," continued Patral. "She never moved or changed her expression. She was almost unreadable. Almost."
"So you knew I was younger than I wanted everyone to believe. Anyone in my situation would prefer not to be seen as a teenager. That still would not have been enough to let you know who I am. You have thought that I was dead for years."
Saris couldn't help but think that even in this desperate time, Justice was trying to let her know it was not her fault. Even she didn't realize how much he cared about her and she cared about him.
Patral's evil grin widened. "I did believe you were dead. All I knew at this point is that you were hiding who you were. Then your friends made their unexpected display of support and you dropped your guard ever so slightly. It was just an instant of clarity. I saw the eyes, nose, and mouth that I knew for so long. In a flash, you covered yourself again but it was enough. I did not know you had that skill. You will have to teach me how you do it. I still had a hard time believing it was you so I watched closely for the rest of your visit to the Krystal Hills. To your credit, there was never another lapse in concentration. This gives me pride as your teacher. You conceal yourself expertly."
"None of it is done for you."
Patral let out an arrogant laugh. "It doesn't matter. You are mine. You always have been and always will be. When I watched this impressive battle here in the ruins, I was convinced. You move with the grace of a deer and strike with the ferocity of a dragon. It is pure beauty to watch you kill. As soon as I saw you put your sword through one of these things I knew."
"Your plan still revolves around the premise that I will not sacrifice one of our party for the greater good."
"We will still defeat this invasion. You will just do so under my command. Then we will look to greater accomplishments. So now I need you to commit to me and save your friend's life."
"I won't. Kill her. She isn't human anyway. She is a Krysfire."
"Krysfire?"
It was the moment of surprise that Ailyah needed. While Patral considered those words her grip of the knife loosened slightly. Ailyah thrust her right hand up blocking Patral's wrist giving just enough space to slide down without getting cut. Ailyah hit the floor and rolled down the steps as quickly as possible out of harm's way. She banged her head, knees, and elbows through the fall but she got safely away.
At the same moment Ailyah dove, Justice leaped up clearing all the rows to reach the top. Patral took one step back and had her sword out instantly. The clang of metal blades echoed throughout the theater as Justice swung his sword down and was blocked by Patral. It dawned on Saris that she was now watching a battle between two of the greatest warriors in their world. She made no attempt to fight alongside Justice. It was clear that any help would just get in his way and cost them all their lives. Her friends obviously had the same thought because no one moved. They watched in awe of what was happening before them.
Patral countered with two swings of her sword and then a forward thrust. Justice blocked each swing with a different Trynt blade and then sidestepped to avoid being stabbed. As he dodged Patral backflipped away to get a better defensive position. Justice charged just like she wanted but he slid at the last moment and held one blade up while slashing at her legs with the other. Patral flipped forward and swung her sword down but her strike was blocked as he slid by on the ground. Now it was Patral's turn to lunge as Justice planted his foot and sprung back up. He turned just in time to double block her attempt to cut off his head.
Now they were face to face trading blows and deflecting each other's swords. Both moved with speed and agility unlike anything Saris had ever seen. They were able to block strikes that happened so fast Saris barely saw them.
Jumping and spinning they moved gracefully along the top rows of the theater. Patral was slightly lower on the steps and Justice began backing her down toward the stage. His moves seemed faster than hers now. He blocked her sword high with his right blade and then drove his left elbow into her chin. Patral staggered slightly but regained her balance and continued to block the swings of his blades. She was on the defensive and continued stepping away. Finally, he swung both his blades down from above his head and connected solidly with her sword. The force of the blow sent her tumbling backward and she landed on the theater stage.  She was on one knee when her hand went to her belt. Before anyone could react, she flung some type of gold dust at Justice as he landed right beside her.
Justice instantly backed away and put his blades up to defend any attack that was about to come. Saris knew he had been blinded and was now easy prey. Now was the time to act. She ran at Patral with her sword drawn. Her friends did the same. They might all die here but they were not going to let Patral kill Justice without any resistance. Saris saw Patral reach into the pouch on her belt and throw the same dust at them. She tried to dodge to the left and avoid it but the gold spread out like a mist. In a few seconds, the mist completely surrounded them. Saris immediately lost her sight but that was not all. She was disoriented and her senses were overwhelmed. There was no sound except for the ringing in her ears. She could no longer recognize her location in the theater nor could she sense anyone around her. There could have been a thousand people crowded around and she would have never known. Saris prepared for the sword that was no doubt about to be thrust through her chest.
Death did not come. Patral's sinister laughter filled the theater. Saris could not make out anything around her but now Patral's voice cut through the night.
"This was fun but I have grown tired and I want what I came for," said Patral. "I know you can hear me Night's Justice. Your friends will be with me. Soon you will have a choice. You can come to me or you can sacrifice your friends. This will be the last offer."
Saris could not hear any response from Justice. She doubted he could say anything right now.  Then came the distinct sound of flapping wings, very large wings. The sound grew louder and she felt the rush of wind as something big landed beside her. She tried to stumble away but two powerful hands grabbed her and held tight. More flapping and thuds of creatures hitting the ground echoed through the theater. These things were coming for all of them.
"We will be waiting for you," said Patral.
With that Saris was launched upward while still in the grip of her captor. The wind was beating against her face and she closed her eyes to stop the stinging. She thought they were flying east toward the Derrapine Mountains but there was no way to be sure. If this thing wanted to drop her there would be nothing that could be done about it. This ride was being controlled by Patral and no one could stop it now. Saris hoped her friends were being taken to the same place. Patral could choose to separate them or worse. She could simply drop the others to their deaths and tell Justice that she had them imprisoned somewhere else. Saris forced the thought out of her mind. Don't start thinking the worst yet she told herself. It was not easy to see any hope. If there was a way out, Justice would find it. He was stronger than Patral but she would do anything it takes to win. Justice never made the same mistake twice so he would find a way to even the odds. Saris kept playing out different scenarios in her head but one thing remained constant. They had to counter the effects of Patral's dust and regain their senses.
Saris was still lost in thought when they landed and she was thrown across the ground. Several bodies crashed into her as she laid there so she knew her friends were brought to the same place. Next, she was raised up and slammed into something hard. Her hands were pulled back and tied behind whatever her back was against. The same thing must have been happening to everyone because she could make out the grunts of others when they were picked up and tied. She continued to listen but all sounds of movement stopped. Everyone must have been tied as well.
Dirt or sand showered over her head. Immediately her eyesight returned and her head cleared. She saw a blue cloud of dust dissipate quickly. Patral had a way to counter the effects. Saris' relief was immediate. Their affliction would not be permanent and it appeared they would fully regain their senses. After a few moments, everyone was back to normal which brought its own set of problems because now everyone could speak.
"I will kill you when I get free you demon!" yelled Graybon.
One of the winged creatures stepped forward and slapped him hard across the face. It was twice as tall as a normal man with bat-like wings. Gray hair completely covered its body and several small horns covered its head. Blood formed on Graybon's lips as he raised his head.
"I am going to drive my ax through your head!" he screamed even louder.
This time the creature grabbed his throat and choked hard.
"Please stop," pleaded Cara. "You are killing him."
"Let the boy go," commanded Patral.
It released its grip and stepped away.
"I would advise you not to yell again," warned Patral. "These are Dargans. They fly with me when I need them. It's a debt owed to me for saving their tribe many years ago."
A large growl came from behind them. Saris looked into the darkness but could only make out a large shape in the few trees nearby.
"That is Cryton. He is my personal transportation. You would do well not to upset him."
The scene was coming into focus around her. Patral had dropped them in a small clearing with scattered trees encompassing their position. Saris could hear the crashing waves of water but the sound was coming from well below them. The moon was getting lower which meant dawn was approaching. Saris looked in the direction of the water. She saw a dark line that indicated the end of land. She thought there was a drop that led to the water below. It dawned on her that they must be at the Shadow Cliffs. Patral did not take them back to the east. They had traveled south from the ruins to the remote cliffs. Almost no one ever came to the cliffs so Patral would be free from intruders disrupting her plan. Her friends were all against posts that were obviously set to tie up prisoners. Justice was nowhere to be found. Saris assumed Patral was getting everything set for her final trap. Justice was either going to join her or everyone would die.
"You should all be honored to witness this event," said Patral. "You are about to see the beginnings of the ultimate power in the land. Night's Justice paired with my son and led by me will be the most powerful force this world has ever known."
"Even more powerful than your king?" asked Tyranik.
"Clever boy," Patral responded. "Perhaps too clever for your own good."
Patral gave him an evil smile and Saris knew he had said too much. Patral was probably always going to kill them but now Tyranik had ensured it. She was not going to leave anyone alive who could possibly inform the other Virason of her motives. Saris and her friends were expendable. It could easily be explained that they died on their quest. Justice and Patral could conquer the invasion together and be hailed as heroes. Then she could scheme against the king.
"It won't be long now," continued Patral. I have no doubt he will try to save you. His only weakness was always his soft heart. If he had no conscience, I truly believe he could rule the world. That's why he needs me to control him."
"Because you have no conscience," Cara said grimly.
Patral smiled again and looked at the sky. The east was slightly brighter signaling the dawn was approaching.
"I believe I see the last of my Dargans coming to join us. I'm sure in the time you have been together you have only seen the stoic and brooding Jare. He probably buried every emotion deep inside. His persona intimidated and awed you at the same time. You believed like I do that he is almost invincible. I would dare say many of you consider him to be your hero. He is as hard as his blades and as strong as the mountains. You would never think that he could be broken and beaten down. Watch carefully. This place, oh yes, this place is special. The legend of the Night's Justice is about to come crashing down."
The final Dargan was flying in low. It circled around behind them and was coming in from the east. Saris wondered how long the Dargan had flown around trying to keep Justice unaware of the destination. If this place was a source of pain for him then Patral would want to keep it secret until she was ready to spring her surprise. Patral nodded to the Dargans on the ground and they put gags in the mouths of all the prisoners. Saris looked at Patral and felt sick to her stomach seeing the evil glee in her smile. She had to find an escape quickly. Their only chance was while Patral was focused solely on Justice. She was obviously obsessed with controlling him. It could be her one weakness that Saris could exploit.
Patral tossed the blue dust in the air as the Dargan landed and threw Justice to the ground. He rolled through the cloud of blue, found his balance, and was on his feet immediately. He quickly surveyed the scene and without a sound, dropped his head and fell to his knees.


SHADOW CLIFFS
The instant pain in his chest sent Jare to the ground. His eyesight and senses were back just in time to get hit with a sadness that he had buried for years. He tried to hold together but he could feel the tears welling in his eyes. All the emotions that he was a master at concealing came bursting to the surface. He couldn't make his legs raise him off the ground. Then his arms gave way causing him to lower his forehead to the dirt. There was no control anymore. A helpless feeling now flooded him like he hadn't experienced since he was training with Patral all those years ago. Of all her strengths, attacking him mentally was her greatest power. Jare had no plan, no escape scenario, no idea what to do.
"No longer Night's Justice," Patral said with a sneer. "Just sad scared little Jare. The same little boy I tried to teach for all those years."
Jare didn't raise his head. An old vision was sticking in his mind. Sometimes it was hard to make out the details after all this time but now the picture was crystal clear. He just kept seeing her face. He knew his face was the last thing she saw. He wasn't able to save her and now everyone was going to know how he failed. Jare couldn't bear to look up and see the faces of his friends.
"I told you all this was a special place," mocked Patral. "Has he ever told you what happened on the Shadow Cliffs? No, I suppose it's not a story he likes to relive."
A blow to his stomach sent him rolling onto his side. He looked up to see Patral standing over him smiling. She raised her foot and stomped hard on his stomach. The air rushed out of his lungs and he struggled to breathe.
"New friends of Jare this is where he lost his first friend and possibly his first love. Is that correct? Did you love her?"
Another kick sent him rolling. Jare raised to his knees but her fist slammed into his jaw and sent him face first into the dirt.
"He left me just before he turned fourteen, the age he could bind. A rare mistake on my part. I did not think there was any way he could know about my ultimate plan."
She pulled him up by the hair and stared into his face.
"But it doesn't matter now. I always get what I want so all of your running and hiding was for nothing. All it accomplished was getting her killed."
She pulled him toward the posts where everyone was tied. He kept his face down avoiding the eyes of his friends. Patral lifted his head up and forced him to look at her prisoners.
"See them Jare? They are also here because of you. You were soft. You made friends. You let people into your heart and it has burned you twice. That is over now. I will control you and make you stronger than you have ever been. No more caring, no more empathy. Bind to me now and they live."
Jare looked at the faces of those tied to the posts. The expressions ranged from fear to anger to pity. Each stung. One face stood out. Saris slightly shook her head telling him what he already knew. There was no way Patral would let them live. He saw something else in her eyes. She was calm and looking for an opening to free herself. Her strength started to fill him with hope. She truly was his family now. Sister.
"What is your answer?"
Jare said nothing he needed his own opening. Patral kicked him again and he fell forward a little closer to the posts. She pulled him up by the hair again.
"Do you want me to kill them in front of you? Which one should be first?"
She punched him in the stomach causing him to double over and then she kicked him in the back. He fell forward again just a little closer. Jare knew this was the only chance he would get. He reached up for Saris as if he was desperate for help.
"She can do nothing for you now," bellowed Patral. "Hold her hand one last time before she dies. Then we will see if you agree to save the others."
She kicked him hard in the back and Jare went face first to the ground at Saris' feet. This was the opportunity he needed. While on the ground he managed to remove one of the Trynt blades from his shoulder. Patral had never seen him use these before so she assumed he was unarmed. The flying creature had searched him thoroughly for weapons before bringing him here. The blades were easily disguised or hidden. Another preparation that seemed extreme in the beginning but now served him well.
Jare pretended to pull himself up using Saris' feet and legs. Patral's view was blocked as he rose and slide his blade under Saris' feet. The blade was extended about a finger's length so it was completely hidden under her boots. Now he had to get away from Saris. Jare got to his feet and stumbled toward Patral. He was in pain and weary but he tried to strike her. She easily dodged his blow and threw him toward the other end of the clearing. Now all eyes were looking away from the captives. Patral continued to kick and punch while ordering him to join her. Jare didn't want to look too closely but he could tell that Saris was free and working to cut the bonds of the others. They were close enough to cut the ties of the person on the next post and then pass the blade on until all were loose. His friends were playing it smart. Everyone remained against their posts until all were ready to strike.
Two knives hit Patral in the back at once and she screamed in agony. A normal person would have been killed instantly but she scrambled to the edge of the clearing. In their haste to get to the cliffs, they creatures must not have searched them well. Someone had managed to conceal these weapons after their capture. Jare tried to stand again but his head was ringing from the beating he had been taking. The dargans wheeled and charged at the freed warriors. The first dargan reached Graybon and was met with a fist to the midsection. It doubled over and Graybon knocked it to the ground with a huge uppercut. The other dargans knocked Tyranik and Ailyah across the clearing. Jare had to get them a weapon. He pulled his second blade from his shoulder and extended it to full length. He tossed it to Polus who ran at the dargan advancing on Ailyah. He drove Jare's blade into its back and out through the stomach. Jare held out his hand toward Saris. She instinctively threw him the blade she used to cut herself free. He caught it and immediately it extended to sword length. He tossed it at the feet of Graybon who just knocked his dargan toward the edge of the cliff with a right cross. Graybon picked up the blade and stabbed it right through the chest. He pulled the blade out of its body and watched it stumble backward. Without another sound, it fell into the sea below. Tyranik was holding tight to the back of the last dargan to keep it from attacking anyone else. Graybon ran up to them, jumped, and sliced its head off before it could break free.
Jare looked around the clearing. Patral was gone. Then there was a roar and a large winged creature took off from behind the trees. It flew toward the sun that was now rising and Jare knew she was on it. The remaining dargans had little incentive to stay after seeing their leader flee. They took to the skies and flew west out over the ocean. It was over. Jare dropped again to his knees. The emotional and physical toll was almost more than he could take. The last time he felt this way was the last time he was here.
Jare could feel the others gather around him. No one knew what to say but he didn't mind. They had come together and saved each other when he could not. This was one of the few times in his life that he completely relied on someone else. His new friends proved themselves to be a strong force once again. This was now his family.
Saris finally crouched beside him and whispered, "Can you stand? We need to go soon. I don't want to be here if she decides to come back."
Jare nodded. The words were still not coming. He slowly stood with help and then leaned against her to keep from stumbling back to the ground. Everyone stood still waiting for anyone to say something. Jare didn't know where to go or what to do next. His mind was still filled with every emotion possible.
Saris spoke again. "Our goal is still the same. Patral is now our enemy but we have to defeat this invasion first."
"Where do we go?" asked Tyranik.
"Grittenod is close," offered Graybon. "We can stay there until we are recovered and get more weapons."
"I think that is our only option," agreed Cara. "Shelmar and Southire are not too far away but we don't have any friends in either town."
"Then it's settled," said Saris. "We leave for Grittenod immediately. Can you travel?"
Jare nodded again. It felt like speaking would drain the last bit of energy from him. Ailyah began walking east away from the edge of the cliff. Jare slowly followed trying to stay upright. He could feel the others watching him still unsure of what to do or say. Hopefully, they would say nothing. It would still take a couple of days walking to Grittenod. They would be an easy target if Patral recovered and brought a greater force after them. She had nothing to lose now.  Her secret plans were known so she could bring whatever forces she had assembled after them.
After several hours they were clear of the cliffs. The grass became greener and the trees were thicker. A ranch became visible on the horizon. A new dilemma presented itself. Jare was still weak and having a hard time traveling. Several horses were in the pasture before them. Taking the horses would be easy. The speed gained would save at least a day's time. It would also be safer to travel on horseback. Jare was forced to steal as a child while he was still in the possession of Patral. He promised himself he would never do it again but now the world depended on getting to Grittenod safely. He looked into his companions' faces and knew the same ethical question was going through their heads.
"Well, am I the only one thinking it?" asked Saris.
Tyranik shook his head. "No. I am debating it, too."
"I've never liked the philosophy of the end justifies the means but I never expected life as we know it to be at stake," said Cara.
Saris nodded. "Someday we will pay the owner back but right now our survival is the priority. Can you ride, Justice?"
The name sounded wrong now. Night's Justice died a few hours ago on those cliffs. Just like Jare of the Darkstones died there years ago. But now, the old Jare was back from the dead. That was his true name and who he would be again. He gave Saris a slight nod and then they were on their way. Cara, Ailyah, and Polus slowly walked around to the back of the herd since they had the most experience with the animals. After several minutes, each was on the back of a horse and bringing three more along with them.
When the horses trotted up to the rest of the group Jare picked out one that looked like it would not spook easily. He needed as smooth of a ride as possible. With all his strength he pulled himself up onto its back. It took more effort to get up than it did when he was seven and couldn't even touch the top of a horse's back. Everyone was still watching him so he doubted that he was able to hide his struggle. Even on a horse, this was going to be a long ride with all of them watching his every move. Nothing was left but to go on. Jare got the group started again by pointing his horse toward Grittenod and trotting that way. Hopefully, they would be there sometime in the middle of the night. He would watch the horses carefully. Speed was an issue but he would not run the animals into the ground. His neck was still aching and looking back was a strain. Just as expected, all were silent and staring directly at him. This was worse than their questions and stories when they first met. For the first time in over a day he smiled. He was glad he didn't follow his first instinct and leave them below that ledge back in the Old Forest. Without them, he would be dead.
The next several hours were a welcome bore. Nothing significant came across their path or tried to kill anyone. The biggest challenge was locating a stream to let the horses drink. To no one's surprise, Graybon was not the strongest rider. His horse kept fighting him and resisting all his commands. It didn't help that he yelled at it like it was a rat trying to get in a cabin.
"Go right. No! Right! Too fast. Stop. Too Fast! Quit circling! Why does he keep doing that?"
"First of all, yours is a she," quipped Ailyah.
The whole group roared in laughter.
"Well, she hates me."
Cara sidled up beside him. "Let's talk to her in a non-Graybon voice. Hey girl, easy. Follow me, girl."
Graybon's horse immediately fell in line behind Cara's. He looked unhappy that he failed so badly.
"Next time try not to use your 'I am going to cut your head off' voice," called Tyranik.
Once again the group enjoyed a good laugh at Graybon's expense but he was moving along smoothly now so he didn't seem to mind. At least he didn't mind until Tyranik galloped in front and cut him off. Graybon's horse stopped abruptly and reared. Naturally, he fell off.
"That's enough!" yelled Saris. "The enemy can't kill us but we're about to do it for them."
"Okay, mom," muttered Tyranik.
"After this, I might adopt Justice's philosophy," said Saris. "Travel alone."
Graybon dusted himself off and walked back to his horse who had trotted away. Neither one of them looked very excited about continuing the ride.
After the excitement of Graybon almost killing himself, nothing of note happened the rest of the trip. Jare expected an ambush to come from every group of trees, an army to come marching over the next hill, or an aerial attack to come from behind each cloud. None came. He was recovering quickly. Again, he had no bruising or visible wounds. His mind was another story. At this point, he didn't know if he was truly suffering from a relapse of grief or just feeling sorry for himself. He still was not speaking to anyone and no one pushed it. They had evidently decided to give him all the time he needed. That didn't mean they weren't going to talk about him. His head was clear enough to hear some of their whispers. He was now at the rear of the group and sometimes their words made it back to him. Most of the time it was just pieces of the conversations but he got the gist.
"What if he doesn't..."
"He'll be fine."
"What do we do..."
"How are going to..."
"He'll recover."
"He hasn't talked since.."
"What if he doesn't..."
"I trust him. He won't abandon us."
The voices were low and blended together. He could not tell who was doubting him and he didn't want to know. He could make out one voice. Saris. Every criticism, every doubt, every worry she answered with confidence in him. She had given him strength at the Shadow Cliffs and that saved all of their lives. Now she was slowly giving him his confidence back. Jare meant it when he told her she was like a sister to him. They were like family now and he knew she would always be there for him. He was not willing to admit it before but now he could no longer deny it. Saris reminded him of himself, and of the one he lost.
The one he failed had also given him strength when he was lost and wandering. She helped him to see that there was a life away from Patral and her training. She always knew what to say when he was doubting himself. She also kept him off balance. He had never felt that way about anyone before. The summer they spent together was the happiest, scariest, and most unsure time of his life. Jare loved every second of it. Until the last day. Even at the end, her words inspired him to continue. Her final words were not of anger or sadness about her fate but of encouragement to him. Those words drove his purpose and actions over the years. Before he was only concerned about surviving and protecting himself. After that summer his passion was protecting others. He didn't give himself the name Night's Justice but it was what he delivered to those who did evil. She was the source of his purpose and was all he needed until now.
Jare had not been strong enough to survive a return trip to the Shadow Cliffs on his own. He needed help and he got it from a source that he would never have considered weeks ago. But now Saris was here and protecting him just like he protected others. Yes, Saris reminded him of her. Saris gave him strength when he had none. If he had been alone he would be dead or Patral's slave. He was still free and himself because of Saris. She deserved an explanation. They all did. His past almost got them all killed. He needed to let them know why. His story would have to be told soon.
The sun had gone down hours ago and the dead of night was approaching when the Derrapine Mountains came into view. It was a smaller mountain range with one row of mountains on the north, a row on the south, and a pass that split the middle from the west end to the east. After several more minutes, they were at the entrance of the pass. Grittenod was on the western half of the pass so this leg of the journey was almost over. Graybon took the lead as they approached the entrance. He stopped and signaled. A few seconds later several horses approached from the mountains. The riders looked like they were Jare's age and younger. They stopped a few feet from Graybon.
"Hello Baxon," he said.
"Hello Graybon," Baxon answered. "Why are you back?"
"We need rest and weapons. We need Grittenod."


JUST ONCE
Saris recognized most of the riders from Grittenod. Baxon was nineteen and one of the young leaders of the facility. He was tall with blond hair and several scars along his cheek, forehead, and neck. He trained early and often. Whenever there was a hunt or training exercise in the mountains he was always a part of it. He loved Grittenod and was soon to become a trainer once he reached twenty. Now he was leading the night patrol with several young trainees. She felt more at ease with Baxon around because she knew he would strictly adhere to the code of Grittenod. They did not get involved in disagreements between Virason or their children. In Grittenod, the conflicts from the outside stayed on the outside. If Patral had come to the same place, the Virason here would not help her capture them.
"Have any other Virason or children come to Grittenod lately?" asked Saris.
"You are the first in months," answered Baxon.
Relief entered her mind but she pushed the joy down. She could not become complacent just because she thought this was a safe place. Even here Patral could mount an attack. Saris and the others would need to keep their guard up in the fortress.
Tyranik, Graybon, and Baxon talked for the rest of the ride through the pass. Saris didn't have much use for their stories of how much stronger they all were. She noticed her boyfriend failed to mention how many times he was almost killed recently. After another hour of riding the west wall of the fortress came into view. The giant barrier stretched from one side of the pass to the other. It ended on the sides of the mountains. There were several guard posts along the top and it was wide enough to hold many rows of archers. Grittenod was used by the Derrapine kings thousands of years ago and it was never taken in battle. Eventually, the Derrapine people spread out from the mountains and mingled with the rest of the population of Redton. When most of his kingdom had left, the last Derrapine king took his remaining forces and mounted an assault on the Dark Castle in the south. One of the Dark Shans still remained in the castle and he destroyed the king. The legends say the king could not bear to see the great Derrapine civilization slowly die out so he fought an unwinnable battle. This marked the end of the Derrapine civilization.
Baxon led them right up to the front gate in the wall. The door was opened without delay and the group rode their horses inside. Several more friends greeted them. Saris was relieved to be in a place she knew well. Although her time was not long here she came to enjoy the focus and discipline it required to be a trainee. They were not old enough to have completed the full training but together they decided it was time to leave when her father came to them with this task.
Justice still wasn't talking. He looked better and now she was convinced he was just waiting for the right time. The others were worried. She didn't blame them. When the most powerful member of your force gets taken down it can cause some doubts. Saris knew this was a special case. Patral targeted a specific weakness that she knew well. It might be the only weakness he had. She still failed and Justice was able to give them just enough to overcome her. That was the best chance anyone would have to catch him off guard and he still survived.  Saris kept assuring herself along the way as she assured the others. In combat, Justice was stronger. He won. Only sneaky tactics allowed Patral to get the upper hand but that surprise was gone. Saris had faith in Justice. This was still going to come down to his leadership and she could see his mind working on the next phase of their journey.
They came upon the stables next. Everyone dismounted and let the Virason children on duty take them inside. The stables were built into the side of the mountain just like every other building in Grittenod. The old castle on the north side stretched most of the length of the mountains from wall to wall. The dining halls, classrooms, and residential areas stretched the south side. Training areas were scattered along the way and it was usually a whirlwind of activity during the day. Here in the middle of the night, it was peaceful. They walked along until they came to the first dorm. Baxon knocked on the door. An old Virason in his nightclothes opened the door and stared angrily at them.
"Are you kidding me, Baxon?" he snarled. "You really woke me up at this time of night?"
"Surely you are glad to see us, Leris," said Tyranik happily.
Leris did not look glad to see them. In fact, he looked like he despised them all. But to be fair, he looked at everyone that way.
"I'm going back to bed. Go sleep on the wall," Leris growled at them.
"If you don't give us a room we'll come to stay with you," chimed Cara while grinning.
"The worst thing about Virason children is that they always come back to visit. All I have right now is the common room on the second floor at the end. Hope some of you like the floor."
He turned and disappeared. A door slamming told them he was in his room and not coming back out.
"Good ole Leris," said Tyranik. "As cheerful as ever."
Everyone walked up the steps to the second floor and then down the long hallway. They were quiet as they passed the dorms of sleeping trainees. The hallway opened to a large room with a window facing east. Cara grabbed some blankets from a storage room and handed them out.
Saris was next to lay down some rules. "All right everyone, boys on one side girls on the other."
Cara laughed and then covered her mouth to keep from waking anyone.
"Really," said Tyranik. "Maybe we should start calling you Little Justice."
Saris smiled and then everyone did exactly what she said. Justice was already by the window to the east and the other boys laid down on that side. The girls all found places on the west side. Saris thought she saw Justice smile before he laid down. She was going to sleep well. He would be back to himself tomorrow.
The few hours of sleep went by quickly. The day always started early at Grittenod. The first trainees would be preparing for workouts just before sunrise. Saris wearily opened her eyes not ready for the preparation that was before them. The room was still dark. The sun would be up very soon. No one else in the room stirred but she glanced toward the window and saw someone standing with arms crossed staring at the coming sunrise. The first rays of light came over the horizon and Saris was not surprised when they lit up the face of Justice. He seemed younger in this light. It was as if his burdens had been lifted. He didn't have his usually emotionless expression but a slight smile as he observed the mountains from the window. Sometimes she forgot that he was only eighteen and she was sure he forgot it too. He turned his head and gave her a smile. He was definitely back. Only Justice could tell someone was looking at him even if there had been no movement.
Saris sat up and stretched her tired muscles. The rest was just enough to keep her going. Sometimes she wondered if she would ever feel refreshed again. She got up and walked over to the window and looked at the light coming over the tops of the mountains.
"You saved me," whispered Justice.
"We all saved each other," she quietly replied.
"True, but I was finished. I had no plan, idea, or hope. I looked into your eyes and saw strength. That gave me the idea to get you my blade."
"I was really scared to death. I thought it was over."
"It would have been if not for you and then all of you fought with skill beyond your years."
"If I didn't know better I would think you are saying you need us."
"Shocking, isn't it? Well, I think you all deserve to know who I really am since we are family."
"Family," Saris repeated.
The rest of the group began to stir as light now filled the room. Everyone stretched out and strained to keep their eyes open. Saris could tell they were fighting the same weariness. Everyone eventually turned toward Saris and Justice as if waiting for the next move. Saris turned to Justice and he smiled again.
"I guess any myths about my invulnerability have been proven untrue after what we just went through," said Justice. "The truth is that I am Jare and I am from the Darkstones. You deserve to know how I came to be Night's Justice and why you almost died because of me."
Justice began his story when he was seven years old and living with his father on a small farm in the Darkstones. His father was a former soldier from Vorretenna who wanted no more of the fighting. One day a granog attacked several farms in the area. Granogs were scaly creatures that walked on all fours with no tail. They were the size of a large dog with a long neck, short snout, and fanged teeth. Several grown men would have a tough time killing one and no one would take one on alone. His dad and several other men thought they had tracked it to the edge of the forest but it circled back. Justice was home alone when it started attacking their horses. His father had given him strict instructions to not leave the house while he was gone but of course, he did not listen. Justice grabbed an old sword from his father's room and drove it through the granog's stomach when it leaped at him. His father was impressed but he punished Justice by doubling his chores.
Several days later a stranger came to their door. A woman who was obviously some kind of warrior. She heard about Justice killing the granog and wanted to train him. This was the first time he ever saw Patral. His father never let him come into the room but he listened closely at the door. She left but asked his father to consider it.
Justice wanted to become a warrior badly. He saw her weapons and clothes and decided instantly that was the way of life he desired. He already knew he would be a good fighter. His father was adamantly against it. He did not want his son to become part of the killing. His father knew she would be back and that she would not ask next time so they packed as much as they could and left.
They traveled secretly and he could not tell anyone his name or where they were from. He did not know where they were going but he remembered crossing a strip of land with the ocean on both sides. His father was the most nervous here because there was no way to avoid other travelers on this land. They made across the land bridge and then were attacked by raiders. His father fought bravely and killed many of them before he finally fell. Out of nowhere, the woman came charging and killed the rest of them. Justice was thankful that she saved him. Now she was his hero. They buried his father and he went with her. After all these years, Justice was now convinced that she paid the raiders to attack them and kill his father. Then she killed them all to get what she wanted.
Over the next several years she trained him and her son, Tressar. Together they were quite powerful. Patral would tell them that no one could defeat them if they always fought together. They became family. As they got older she started sending them on missions. At first, he never questioned what they were doing. When he reached eleven years old he began to have doubts. Sometimes it seemed like she would have them kill someone for no reason. His conscience was hurting and he could hear his father saying that he never wanted him to become a killer.
Justice accidentally found out about the bind right before he turned fourteen and decided to leave. He ran one night and was chased by Tressar. At dawn, Tressar found him on the banks of a river. Justice tried to get him to leave Patral. Tressar actually considered it for a moment but then he attacked.
"Tressar is the most dangerous warrior I have ever seen," said Justice grimly. "He may be better than me. Never engage him. You will not win. I will have to face him someday. I thought I could avoid it but now he will know I am still alive. You've heard that I have never bled in battle. That's not true. That day he gave me a long scar that runs from my left shoulder down across my body almost to my right hip. I fell into the river and floated away. He must have thought I was dead or he had mercy on his brother and let me go."
Eventually, Justice swam to the bank and wandered for a while. Hunger was starting to get the best of him so food became a priority. The mistake was stealing from Berateers since the only punishment they handed out was death no matter what the age or circumstances. He ran blindly and fell down a large hill. After rolling for some time he slammed hard against a tree at the bottom. It was near a house at the edge of a town.
"I was staring up at the sky from my back when a face appeared and I lost all concern for the danger that was following me," Justice said. "She looked at me with her deep brown eyes. Her long dark hair fell over her shoulders and she frowned like I was the stupidest person alive. I remember her first words to me like it was yesterday. 'My name is Arielle Olivia Constance of Jell House of Nikolar.' She must have thought she gave me a little too much information too fast because she cringed and shook her head. She spoke again quickly 'I'm a child of the Virason like you. I can help you.' She hid me from the Berateers and decided to come with me."
Arielle was a few months younger than Justice and she wanted to see the world. This was her best chance to leave her worthless mother. Her father was a Virason soldier and she had never met him. She was eager to go out on her own and constantly reminded him that if he could do it she could too. That summer they traveled from continent to continent. Justice wanted to constantly keep moving because he knew Patral would not be through with him until she had a body to prove he was dead.
"She loved sailing across the sea," Jare said with a smile. "It was her way out. The water was a symbol of her escape and the beginning of her new life. You all know that I feel differently about the water. I know something is hiding down there out of sight ready to attack me."
"Even though nothing ever has," noted Cara.
"It's just a matter of time. She seemed to think I was paranoid about the water, too."
Arielle was exactly what he needed. She was strong and confident. Justice had developed quite a cutting tongue while training with his brother and she could give it right back to him. She was not intimidated by the fact that he was this so-called great warrior. She loved to remind him that he had just fallen down a hill when she found him and there was a giant gash on his chest. So he couldn't have been that great of a warrior.
"The only thing I could really get her with was her first words to me. Whenever I thought she was getting a little too full of herself I would just say 'I'm sorry. I forgot I was speaking to Arielle Olivia Constance of Jell House of Nikolar.' Her face would get red and she would stomp away.  I might have enjoyed that a little too much."
Justice knew he was falling in love but he did not have any idea what to do. He only knew how to fight. He also wasn't sure how Arielle felt and that was the scariest part. It was better not knowing than to find out she didn't love him.
Near the end of summer, he heard rumors of a Virason woman searching for a boy on the southern continent. He and Arielle journeyed to Redton and camped on the Shadow Cliffs. They could go into the small towns just to the east of the cliffs for any supplies they needed or just to have fun. They had successfully run for so long that they were beginning to let their guard down. It was their first mistake.
Justice never opened up about his feelings and Arielle never said anything that would make him think she felt the same. He actually disliked how many times boys around the world would come up and talk to her and she always was happy to talk to them. There happened to be a pretty blond girl in one of the towns they visited outside of the cliffs that took an interest. It was the first time a girl came up to talk to him. He found himself going back to that town several times and spending time with her.
Arielle's temper became shorter and shorter with him. He didn't understand at the time but that should have been his first clue that she possibly could have felt like he did. Instead, he just got mad at her because he was totally unaware of how women thought.
Saris and the other girls snickered at this.
"Haha," said Justice. "Don't laugh. I guarantee these guys don't have any idea what you are thinking most of the time."
"No clue," said Tyranik.
"Don't even try to guess anymore," echoed Polus.
"I just wait for her to tell me," said Graybon and the room erupted with laughter.
Justice continued, "For several days our relationship became a lot of arguing. Then she stopped talking."
"Ooooooh," the girls all said at once. "That's not good."
"No kidding," agreed Justice. "After a couple of days of silence, she almost destroyed my heart. It was dusk and she told me she was leaving in the morning without me. I begged her not to go and we started arguing again about the same old things until I had finally had enough. I shouted that I loved her. For the first time, she was speechless. She admitted that she loved me, too. I stared into her eyes for a while. Remember, I didn't know what I was doing and I was a little nervous. Then she told me it was her birthday. I had no idea. So I said 'happy birthday' and then I kissed her."
The girls all sighed at the sweet story and even the guys were hanging on every word. They were more sentimental than they let on.
"Then the first arrow hit her in the shoulder," Justice said coldly.
Everyone sat up a little straighter and went wide-eyed. Saris was so lost in the story that she forgot it did not have a happy ending.
"She screamed and then another arrow hit her in the hip and I had to hold her to keep her from falling to the ground."
Justice's voice shook a little as he described the attack. One of Patral's allies, a Child of the Virason named Myderl and his gang found them in the same clearing where they had just fought Patral. Justice killed all of them but Myderl got to Arielle and was holding her by the edge of the cliff. She had another arrow in her leg and one in her stomach. He made the same demands that Patral made. Justice was at a loss at what to do when Arielle stabbed him in the eye with one of the arrows that had been stuck in her own body. She had snapped the one from her hip and was holding it waiting for her only chance. Saris now knew why he gave her so much credit with saving their lives.
Myderl fell to the ground dead and Justice locked eyes with Arielle. She smiled and then stumbled backward toward the edge of the cliff. And then she went over. Jare sprinted to the edge and saw her holding tight to some exposed rocks. She could barely get a foothold on the steep side of the cliff. Her strength was failing as Jare reached for her and Arielle extended her arm to him. Their fingertips were inches apart but it was too late. Too many arrows had struck her. She knew her time had come. Tears were welling in Saris' eyes as he recounted their last words to each other.
"You have to let me go," Arielle said to him.
"Never," he said back to her.
"You have to protect others. That is your calling. We never got to truly find our love so fight for those who do."
"We are going to love. We are getting out of here."
She smiled at him. "I know you won't let go so I will. Fight for those who can have what we never can."
"Don't, Arielle don't. I love you. I love you."
"And I love you."
With those words, she reached a littler further and touched his fingers. She smiled at him, closed her eyes, and leaned away from the cliff. The sun had set and he watched helplessly as she fell into the darkness. There was no great act of heroism or last-second rescue that was going to come. This was final. He was powerless to save her.
"I could not see her hit the crashing waves below and I am thankful for that."
Justice stopped and Saris looked at the others through her tears. Cara was crying and a tear was rolling down the cheek of Graybon. Even Tyranik looked like he might break down at any second. Ailyah and Polus had a solemn look on their faces. Maybe they had seen so much tragedy in their lives that there were no more tears.
Justice continued, "I laid on the edge of that cliff for two days with my arm hanging over the side, a symbol of my failure. At dusk, on the second day, I finally got up. I then did one of the most sickening things I have ever done. I went to the site of a recent raid and gathered two bodies. One of a boy and a girl about our ages and heights. I dressed them in some of our clothes and shot arrows into them. I made it look like no one survived the attack in case Patral ever came looking for me there. It worked for a while."
"Until we messed it up," lamented Cara.
"No," Justice countered. "You have done what Arielle did for me all those years ago. You gave me hope. Elara and I maybe could have had that together but we both could not get over the past. I have my demons and she had hers. We were too much the same because we both doubted we could ever have happiness again. I know that Elara lost her first love, too. I didn't need to fall in love what I needed was a real family. That's what I have now and why I believe again. You saved me. And you defeated Patral so that really helps out."
Everyone laughed again.
"Jare of the Darkstones died that day four years ago on a clear summer night at the Shadow Cliffs. He was just revived in that same clearing on those same cliffs. Night's Justice is how I am known to the world, my family calls me Jare."
Everyone nodded in agreement. Jare's smile faded one more time as he let the pain go.
"When we first started this friendship you asked me if I had ever failed to save someone."
Saris repeated his simple answer. "Just once."


GRITTENOD
Jare had to admit he was in an unusually cheerful mood. Even when he didn't tell the story of his greatest failure in life, he never smiled this much. He wondered if he was going crazy or if these kids really were a good influence on him. Hopefully, it was the latter. Jare didn't want to think he could be losing his mind at such a young age. His birthday was coming up soon and then he would only be a teen for one more year so maybe old age was just around the corner.  No one blamed him for almost getting them all killed and no one asked about Arielle again. That was okay. His pain was released but he still didn't want to talk about it all the time. The biggest nuisance was continually telling them all to call him Jare. It didn't help that news of his arrival made it through the camp before breakfast. Grittenod didn't want to know Jare. They wanted Night's Justice. They went to eat in the dining hall and Jare could barely finish his breakfast. The trainees lined up to meet him and several of the smaller ones came back twice.  One little dark-haired boy showed up four times. He introduced himself each time so he must have thought he was fooling Jare.
After breakfast, they were summoned to the office of the Chief Trainer, Crewsaw. This was the opportunity to ask for supplies and weapons for the rest of their journey. Jare was not sure how things worked here but Tyranik kept assuring him that they would be given everything they needed. Together they entered the main castle area and walked through the halls to a large office. The castle was like everything else in Grittenod, dark grey since it was made from the stones of the mountains. They entered the office and Crewsaw motioned for them to sit.
"I heard we received several guests last night," he stated. "Several old friends, a couple of Protectors, and a living legend."
Crewsaw was one of the older Virason still alive. He had a full beard and a bald head. He was dressed in the gray training attire of the facility. Everyone seemed to be dressed that way.
"Hello sir," said Tyranik.
"No need for sir anymore. You have moved on even if it was too early in my judgment."
"It was not a choice we wanted to make but certain events have demanded it."
"Of course you refer to our impending doom by this invasion from another world."
"Yes. Aren't you concerned?"
"When you have fought and lived through as many invasions as I have you tend to not worry yourself so much. Sometimes I think it might be a relief for someone to finally end it."
"We are not ready for it to end," said Saris sharply.
Crewsaw replied to her, "No, I suppose you aren't. Too young and too much life ahead of you."
"We have come for rest, supplies, and weapons to complete our mission," Cara said. "Will you help us?"
"Why would you need our help? The Night's Justice is invincible. How could you be in need of anything?"
Jare answered, "I assure you, sir, I am not invincible. I am mortal just like every other man in this world and I will die someday. I need your help."
This seemed to lighten Crewsaw's mood. Respect was something every instructor demanded on a daily basis so Jare gave it to him. He leaned back and smiled while still taking in every detail of the group.
"Please no more of that sir business," Crewsaw reiterated. "Call me Crewsaw the Magnificent.  I'm kidding. Just Crewsaw is fine. Yes, I will help you and wish you good luck on the rest of your quest. It always reflects well on Grittenod when former trainees accomplish such an important task."
The rest of the meeting was spent on paths of travel, weapons to use, and supplies to carry. Crewsaw gave information about the army that had marched north. It was believed to be camped on the north side of Giant's Lake and it would have to be dealt with soon. Once the planning was finished for the trip, only one detail remained. Where would each of them go? The Dark Castle and the Silver Caves were on opposite sides of the continent. Heading to each place and then to the bay was not feasible on the tight time schedule. Everyone hated to admit it but the only option was to split up.
"How do we decide which destination each of us will go to?" asked Ailyah.
"Obviously, Cara and I are going to the same place," stated Graybon.
Jare knew this would get them nowhere. "Let's think about it for the rest of the day and come to a decision tonight."
"Jus... I mean Jare is right," said Polus. "A wrong choice could doom this mission. The chemistry must be precise."
Everyone nodded in agreement so the possible argument was delayed for a while. None of them would want to split up but at times like this, it didn't matter what you wanted. All that mattered is what would save them and their land.
Crewsaw ended the meeting by saying, "Your provisions and weapons will be ready by the afternoon. My former pupils, feel free to show your new friends around the fortress. Make it a point to stop by the sparring ring. I am sure some of the trainees would like to see a demonstration of skill by the Night's Justice."
Jare nodded and then everyone left Crewsaw's office. No matter the Virason, the arrogance was always there. He tried his best not to be irritated. This Virason was not his enemy but was actually helping the cause. He took a deep breath and let the anger subside. Even for him, old habits die hard.
Cara led them on a tour of the castle which was basically like any other castle ever built. The throne room, dining halls, meeting chambers, ballrooms, and of course, dungeons. It was all dark and gray no matter what room they entered. Jare couldn't imagine how dull and boring it would be to train here day after day. Grittenod did not develop the abilities of its trainees fully. Most likely, this was on purpose to prevent children of Virason from getting too powerful. His training had included travels to different parts of the world to learn their survival and fighting techniques. He hated giving credit but, as far as his education, Patral did it right.
After leaving the castle they came upon the fighting areas. The pre-teen trainees were working on attack and defense with a staff. The fighting came to a stop when he walked up. All the trainees stared like he was some kind of hero. This kind of attention made him uncomfortable. So many years hiding in the shadows can make it hard to come into the light.
"Night's Justice," called one of the trainers. "Show us some skill with a staff."
Graybon whispered, "we can get you one of the training swords if you would rather use that."
"No, I think I am fine with the staff," Jare answered.
One of the kids threw him their staff and he twirled it a few times. Then all at once, they attacked. Jare blocked and dodged and whirled. It was a surreal feeling to be the prey of eleven-year-olds. He let them fly by and would whack them on the rear or thigh just to let them know they were out of their league. After several minutes, the young ones were tired of getting small bumps on their bodies. Self-preservation seemed to take over and the exercise came to an end. The trainees then came to him with all kinds of questions about where he was trained, how he learned it all, and could he show them some moves. Jare was still answering them when another voice called to him from the other side of the yard.
"How about sparring with someone closer to your own age?" yelled Baxon.
He walked across the fighting area and took a staff from one of the trainees. He twirled it expertly and stood in front of Jare. Another warrior wanting to prove himself against a famous name. It also could be that he didn't like not being considered number one in his own home. Whatever the reason, Jare was used to the challenges.
"Sure," Jare answered.
Baxon immediately brought the staff forward at Jare's face. He blocked it and Baxon swung the other end. Jare blocked it immediately as well. This continued for several minutes as Baxon stayed on the attack. Jare used his movements to gauge his skill level. Baxon was indeed a very accomplished fighter. Years of training showed as moved with grace and strength. But Jare always grew tired of being challenged quickly so he dipped and let Baxon's momentum carry him past. Jare gave him a light rap on the back of the shoulder and smiled. Of course, Baxon was not pleased. He lunged again and increased the speed of his attack. Jare continued his defense but he knew he needed the help of everyone at Grittenod. On the next flurry, Jare left his midsection exposed and Baxon delivered a sharp blow to his stomach. Jare stumbled back and the trainees cheered. Now it was Baxon's turn to smile.
"I guess the great Night's Justice isn't quite the expert with the staff."
"No, I hardly ever use one."
"Well, I'm sure if this was for real you would have a sword. I admit I would not want to engage in a duel with you. Good luck with the rest of your trip."
Jare nodded and Baxon returned the gesture. Both turned and walked back to their friends. Jare's stomach stung but it was worth it to get the respect and trust of another possible ally. They all started away from the sparring area.
"Where to next?" asked Jare.
Tyranik grinned at him. "Left that midsection a little weak there at the end. I don't think I've ever seen you make such a mistake and leave that big of an opening to an opponent before."
"Like I said. I'm not perfect."
"Uh huh," Tyranik muttered not convinced.
Cara said, "I didn't know you could use a staff."
Jare pulled his Trynt blades from his shoulder, banged the two hilts together, and extended the blades. The hilts stuck together and formed a double bladed staff with the handles together in the center. He twirled it expertly as he had done with the wooden staff. He smiled, took the blades apart, and reattached them to his shoulders. The others shook their heads and laughed.
"Always another surprise," said Saris.
Afternoon arrived as they continued their walk around the fortress. The place that truly interested Jare was the history rooms. It contained the writings of the Derrapines and all their history. The remains of their culture were remarkably well preserved for being thousands of years old. He read about ancient battles and monsters and how the Derrapines always defended their mountains. There was also the history of the Grittenod training facility. Names of famous Virason children and their accomplishments.
"Maybe our names will here someday," said Graybon.
Tyranik added, "Hopefully, it will not be because we died in this war."
Jare cheerfully said, "You guys are with me. What could possibly go wrong?"
"If you think about it, you really aren't the legend we all thought you were," Tyranik said. "I mean the legends said you were a hero at the Battle of Kyrog."
"I might have been."
"That was thirty years ago. I believe we all know now that you are not nearly that old. You didn't kill any snarelots in their attack on Jylt."
"I could kill a snarelot."
"Not fifty years ago. You weren't at the Siege of Spinewall or the War of the Karnines or Hyron's Assault."
"Hyron's Assault wasn't that long ago."
"You would have been five."
"I've been telling you all along that I'm not immortal."
"So have you actually done anything?" asked Graybon.
"I've put up with you for longer than I ever dreamed possible. Maybe that will keep your name from being written up their soon."
The last thing Jare wanted to do was see his friends go up on the wall. They came to the east end and climbed the steps. Jare looked out to the pass beyond the fortress and imagined an army lining up at the gates. It would be almost impossible to successfully attack the wall. The pass was too narrow for any army to launch an attack using all its forces. Even if the wall was breached a much smaller force could hold the attackers at bay in the limited space. Grittenod was the perfect fortress to mount a defense.
After coming down from the wall, it was time to gather their supplies and weapons. The visit to the armory revealed another vast display of history. Ancient weapons from many different empires were housed in a vault. Derrapine, Virason, Nerite, Togon, and many other cultures were represented in the form of spears, clubs, and swords. In a corner laid a few unidentified nasty looking sabers and axes. A curious symbol was carved into the side of each one. A symbol Jare saw recently on the necklace of King Calon. No one in Grittenod knew how special these relics really were. Jare did not feel the need to tell anyone. Some things from the past were best left to die with their king.
The group started looking over modern weapons. Graybon predictably went for an ax similar to the one he lost. Cara, Polus, and Saris loaded up on the arrows. Everyone took some sort of small knife or hatchet to conceal. Tyranik took a longsword while the girls all chose their short swords. Jare did not take anything. His Trynt blades were all he ever carried and all he needed. The shoulder attachment had kept him from losing the blades many times before including the recent encounter with Patral.
After dinner, it was time to discuss the final preparations for the trip the next day. Everyone gathered the supplies and packed to be ready at dawn. Each took as long as possible trying to delay this decision as much as they could. Finally, everything was finished and all that was left to do was talk.
"How are we going to decide?" asked Saris. "We can't all stay together."
Jare sighed and then spoke. "You aren't going to like this but it honestly gives us all the best chance to succeed and survive."
"No," snapped Saris.
It was clear she knew what he was thinking. She probably knew he was going to suggest this all along. It was the best course of action. He was sure of it.
"I have to go to the Silver Caves alone."
The group at once started disagreeing and telling him how they would not do it.
Jare continued, "It will be slow travel to the caves. I can cover great distances much faster by myself. It sounds like this daughter is ready to make her move and I have to get there quickly."
He was met with more arguments.
"You six need to stay together to succeed at the Dark Castle. Honestly, you are not ready to split apart. You will fail unless you all work together. I will succeed on my own. You must be together to be at full strength."
"But we just saved you," countered Cara.
"I know but I was caught by the most dangerous Virason's best weapon. The memory of that place. She does not have this advantage anymore and never will again. That was my weakness and greatest fear. It is gone now. You have helped me conquer it. Emotionally was the only way she could get to me and she knows it. All she has left is to admit that she killed my father and I came to that conclusion a long time ago."
"What about your mother?" asked Tyranik. "You have never mentioned her. Is there a way Patral can exploit her?"
"No."
"Because of Relis. Even though she is dead you know Patral can twist it to her advantage," countered Cara.
"She can try but it won't work. I accepted the fate of my parents when I was very young. Arielle was my failure. However, I do need time to be at peace with this new openness about what happened. And to let it go."
Polus was the first to agree. "I have to say Jus..., Jare is right. He is an expert on stealth and solo maneuvers. He will not fail."
Saris shook her head. "I don't like it. Everyone should have a backup."
Jare smiled. He knew she would be the last holdout.
"Saris," he said. "The hardest choice to make is to watch people you love go their separate way. I don't want this either. Half of my focus has been on completing our mission and the other half has been on protecting all of you. I can't do that and win. Neither can you. I don't want to send you off to the Dark Castle without me. I would not do it if I didn't think you would accomplish your goal. I have faith in you so please have faith in me."
He saw the tears welling in her eyes as she nodded and turned away from everyone. Jare scanned everyone and saw the solemn faces of friends who realized this part of the journey was over.
Graybon finally broke the silence. "We'll see you again at King Lezier's Bay. Don't be late."
"I won't," answered Jare.
"And after this is all over, you start teaching us more of your secret, shadow, legend tricks," said Tyranik.
Jare smiled and said, "Agreed. No practicing without me."
With that, the meeting ended and everyone prepared for bed. Saris came to him and gave him a big hug then she went over to her blankets.
Jare couldn't resist and announced, "All right everyone, girls to your side of the room, boys to the other."
Laughter and murmuring broke the last bit of tension.
"Didn't you travel all over the world by yourself with a girl when you were younger than we are now?" asked Graybon.
"That's different," answered Jare.
"Why is that?" pressed Tyranik. "I'm sure you had to stay in the same room alone sometimes or you had to sleep out in the wild on a cold night. Snuggling for warmth, maybe?"
Everyone started snickering.
"All right, all right. In my defense, I was much more mature than you guys are."
"Uh huh," said Cara. "More like you were too scared of girls."
His face turned bright red and everyone roared in laughter. It was embarrassing and funny at the same time. It was exactly what you would expect from a family.
It was well past midnight when Jare stirred again. He gracefully rose to his feet and walked to the door making absolutely no sound. He had carefully extinguished the torches in the hallway before they went to sleep so no light came into the room when he opened the door. His eyes were already adjusted to the dark of the night. The exploration of the fortress had shown him his path out of Grittenod without being noticed. No one would know he was gone until his friends woke up. He gave one last look around the room at the most important people in his life now. A month ago he would never have dreamed of this reality. His eyes came across Saris' face and how peaceful she looked. He would have to answer to her for this someday but he didn't know if he was strong enough to say goodbye in the morning. He reassured himself that this was the only way and his new family would survive to see him again. He smiled in the darkness and then slipped away into the night.



TO THE DARK CASTLE
Saris was still sleeping when the first rays of light came through the window. For a moment all was right with her life. She really enjoyed the moment she opened her eyes right before the reality of their burden set back in. Already in chairs at the table sat Ailyah, Cara, and Tyranik. The look on their faces immediately caused her heart to sink. She looked around the room quickly and was not surprised to find that Jare was gone. In the light of morning, it became glaringly obvious what he was going to do.
"I suppose all of his stuff is gone," she said to them.
"Yes. He took his supplies sometime in the night," answered Ailyah. "Don't be mad at him. He is still adjusting to caring about people again."
"What about your sister?" asked Saris.
"Neither one of them was ready to truly open up to the other. I am surprised she told him about Guira. That was a devastating time in all of our lives and it almost tore us apart. Elara was tormented by her past as well as Jare. She resisted more than he did. He was never the most sensitive man but I think this rejection shut him down completely emotionally. In a different life, they would have been perfect for each other. But not now, not here."
"So she turned him down."
"Yes. If there was anyone she would have fallen in love with, it was him, but she was not ready. After hearing his story, I don't think he was either. He didn't need to fall in love again to move on from the tragedy in his past. He needed friends that are like family, more specifically, he needed you."
"He called me his sister."
"And I believe he means it. With no siblings or parents that relationship was missing from his life. Now it is there again. He never revisits those he has fought alongside or saved. The only reason Polus and I are here is because we all crossed paths in the Old Forest. He considers us friends but you four, he will stay alongside you forever."
"Then we will not disappoint him," added Tyranik.
Saris smiled at him and realized she was falling in love also. Tyranik had taken a backseat to Jare throughout the trip because he knew letting Saris work with him was the best chance for them to survive. He sacrificed his time with her for the good of everyone. She had not thought much about this up to this point because they were constantly dodging arrows, creatures, and evil Virason that wanted to kill them. Now they would spend as much time together as possible and hopefully not die.
One last breakfast at Grittenod was followed by an escort of young trainees to the east wall. Many were disappointed that the Night's Justice was not with them. Saris grew tired of telling them that he would not be coming back today.
Crewsaw was his normal arrogant self when he said, "We saw your friend sneak out by the west gate. He may not be as good as he thinks he is."
Saris just nodded and thanked him for all his help. She doubted seriously that any of the trainees on duty actually caught a glimpse of Jare unless he wanted them to. After passing through the gate they received an escort led by Baxon. He would follow until the eastern edge of the Derrapine Mountains. From there it was on their own again.
Now the truly scary part of the journey began. Jare always gave them a sense of comfort. Knowing he was with them made them believe it would always work out. Now the burden rested on their shoulders. Jare wasn't going to make any decisions for them on this part of the journey. Cara led the way as they headed southeast toward the Lagostrian River.
"You know we've never stormed a castle before," said Graybon.
"How hard can it be?" asked Tyranik. "We just go up, knock the gate down, and destroy any defenses on the inside. Simple."
"Oh well, I was worried for nothing."
"You know I'm sleeping right beside you tonight, Cara."
"You better not," she responded. "I bet he knows. He always knows."
"Why doesn't he ever give you a hard time about it?" Graybon asked Polus.
"You forget that Ailyah and I are actually thousands of years old. We are also paired for eternity. I believe it is what you would call married."
"Yeah, that's weird. You look the same age as us. No way I want to be married now."
"Looking for a little fun out there are we?" asked Cara.
"No, no. I mean. That's not what I meant. I just."
"Just stop," advised Tyranik. "This is not going to get any better for you if you keep talking. It never does."
"Someday, of course, maybe," said Graybon.
"You don't listen well," Saris added. "You. Talk. Situation. Worse."
Polus said to Graybon, "someday you will be ready young friend."
Then it was Ailyah's turn to chime in. "Oh, like you who waited eight hundred years before you knew you were ready?"
"I will take the advice that everyone gave Graybon and stop talking."
The rest of the day was uneventful. Every day that ended with no attack was considered a success at this point. Then came the river. Crossing the Lagostrian River was not easy for all. The only method available to them to cross was swimming. To no one's surprise, Graybon admitted he wasn't the strongest swimmer. He fought the water more fiercely than he fought any foe. Saris truly thought he wasn't coming back up a couple of times. Eventually, he made it across and demanded time to rest. Once in a while, a little rest was welcomed. Of course, he was even more upset that no one told him there was another river to cross that fed into the Lagostrian Marshes. He was not very happy when Short River came into view.
"You've got to be kidding me," Graybon yelled much too loudly.
"Shhhhh," chided Cara. "You don't know who is out there ahead of us scouting."
"Why didn't anyone tell me I had swim across another river today?"
"We didn't want to hear you whine the whole way," snapped Ailyah.
Graybon was speechless after the tongue lashing from Ailyah. Saris noticed Tyranik trying to keep from laughing out loud. Graybon truly was distraught over having to do this all over again.
Polus said, "I promise there are no more rivers after this one. We will camp on the other side at the edge of the Lagostrian Marshes and then we will go south and travel along the sea until we reach the castle."
"Are you sure this is it?" Graybon asked. "No more lying or omitting critical information."
"I promise, no more swimming. Unless you somehow fall into the ocean."
Graybon gave Polus a dirty look. He was the butt of the jokes for the last few hours and it was obvious he was growing tired of it. To his credit, Graybon got ready for his next life-threatening swim with no more complaints. Maybe he relaxed a little more or he just was determined not to die but he had a much easier time with this swim. Once across, they headed south for about an hour and set up camp near the marshes.
"One more peaceful night's sleep before certain death?" asked Tyranik bleakly.
"That's the attitude I want heading into this," said Cara. "Thanks, Tyranik. I'll sleep well now."
"We still have a major problem," said Ailyah. "The son of the Wolire King will have hundreds of the brown warriors protecting him. We have no way to defeat that many."
"Is there some sort of trap we can set for them?" Saris asked her.
"I can't think of one that could take out a large force."
"How about poison of some kind?"
"We don't have time to gather enough for that many soldiers."
Tyranik added, "I'm not sure how intelligent their soldiers are. If their leader is dead they may not be able to organize."
"Or worse," said Polus. "Maybe they just become crazed with confusion and go out after anything and anyone in their path."
Everyone remained quiet and pondered that thought. They couldn't turn a large group of killers loose on the innocent people of Redton. Every solution they brainstormed brought up another set of problems. After an hour of discussing, Saris let her mind wander off. She thought of Jare. He would have the same problems but he was just one man. An army was assembled by the Silver Caves where he was heading. How was he going to defeat an army and the Wolire daughter by himself? She pushed the thought out of her mind. Jare had been doing this far longer than she had and he was the best at it. He could find a way so she needed to concentrate on their problem. Finally, the discussion broke up and everyone went there own way to think.
Saris walked in the direction of the marshes and stared up at the moon. She needed to come up with something quickly. Strategy and planning had always been her strengths and now they were needed more than ever. A hand on her shoulder caused a little jump and gasp.
"Sorry," apologized Tyranik.
"It's okay. I'm just nervous."
"Me too. I didn't really notice it before but I think we all had much more confidence when Jare was here."
Saris looked into his eyes. "We were fine before we met him and we'll be fine now."
"We never fought an army before."
"He believes in us and I don't think it's because of our individual strengths. I think it's because he knows how well we work together."
"I did not expect to like him. I was just going to save the world and be done with him."
"He definitely didn't expect to like us."
They laughed together and for a moment the weight of the world was off their shoulders. Saris didn't realize how much she missed him.
"You've been great through this. I know it hasn't been easy."
"Yeah, I'm not used to being the backup man in your life."
"No way. You're still number one."
"What happens after all this? Ailyah and Polus think he's grown attached to us. Are we going to have to adopt him?"
"Well, one thing is for sure, we have to teach him some social skills. With his personality, he'll never find anyone."
"Sounds like he's got no moves. He's not smooth like me."
"Oh you're smooth are you?"
"I think so."
Saris put her arms around his neck. He pulled her close and kissed her. Instantly, she melted into his arms. His lips were soft and gentle causing her head to swim. She didn't want this moment to ever end. Eventually, they let each other go and smiled.
Tyranik sighed. "I guess we need to go back."
"Responsibility. Remember when we begged for more. Well, we've gotten our wish now."
Together they slowly walked back to the others. One more night's sleep and then on to the Dark Castle.
Another morning brought another leg of the journey. Having a home seemed like a distant memory. Now it was only about travel, the mission, and the possibility of death at any moment. The next few hours took them south along the eastern edge of the Logastrian Marshes. Soon the Syrotiv Ocean came into view. The beautiful white beaches lined the southern shores from the marshes all the way to Bommit, the largest southeastern port in Redton where the white sand turned to red. How Saris wished they could just lay on the beach and wade out in the warm southern waters but it was not to be.
They turned east at the sands and followed the shoreline for several more hours. The next major landmark would be the Dark Castle. Stealth became a priority again. Lessons learned from Jare were already serving them well. Before, Tyranik and Graybon would have definitely spooked the herd of renostraps that was grazing at the bottom of the hill. The animals were large but very difficult to spot when they wandered into the white sand. Graybon was actually the first to spot them. He went to a knee at the top of the hill.
"We are going to have to go to the edge of the water to pass without spooking them," he said.
Ailyah observed the herd carefully. "The slightest sound can startle them. They don't run away either. They charge."
"Then we will be very quiet."
Polus knelt beside them. "We are very close to the castle. There will be a herd of battering rams behind us and an army in front of us."
"So we have to defeat an evil force without making any noise, nice," whined Tyranik.
"Either give us something helpful or be quiet," chided Ailyah. "We can do this by wading into the ocean. They don't go in the water and the sound of the waves will hide us."
"Now that's a good plan," agreed a smiling Tyranik.
Ailyah glared at him and replied sarcastically, "Thanks for your approval. Let's go."
It worked perfectly. The renostraps never so much as glanced in the direction of the ocean as they walked waist deep in the salt water. Once the creatures were safely out of sight, the group exited the water.
"Did you drown?" Ailyah asked Graybon.
"No, but I was sure a Tare Shark was going to eat me."
"Anything that eats you would spit your right back out."
"I'm not sure I like all this new closeness we all have."
Saris gave Ailyah a confused look. "The renostraps were very easy to avoid and I'm sure everyone and everything that lives around here is well aware of how to treat them. How did a herd get spooked enough to charge the marshes?"
"You really don't miss anything. We were ordered to secrecy. I don't really want to follow orders from that particular source anymore so I will tell you. The great King Relis brought a Byratian Hyrn back from a visit to the southern continent. Naturally, he could not control it or keep it contained. The hyrn started feeding on the renostraps. Their nature is to charge any threat. This is the only time I have ever seen a herd flee. Relis ordered Koris and the Protectors to take care of his problem. First, we had to kill the hyrn, which was no easy task. Then we got the renostraps to charge out of the marshes, which almost got many of us killed. So I am no supporter of the Virason king."
"What is a Byratian Hyrn?" inquired Tyranik.
"Basically, a giant snake with arms and legs. Oh, and wings like a bat."
"Okay then. On to the castle where some other deadly opponent waits. Why do we do this again?"
The sun was setting when the castle came into view. Just like its name, dark, as if nothing could live there. The entire area felt like death. Camped to the north side was a Wolire army. Dark brown foot soldiers and Stires covered the field in front of the castle.
"How many?" asked Cara.
"Two, maybe three hundred," answered Ailyah.
"Now what? We managed to make it all this way without a plan of attack."
Saris smiled. "I might have a way but some of you aren't going to like it."



SON OF THE WOLIRE KING
"Have I mentioned I hate you."
"No, you don't," Saris answered Cara. "You just don't like my plan."
"I'm pretty sure it's hatred of your plan and by extension, you."
"You'll thank me after this works and we don't have an army to fight."
Cara snorted and walked toward the horse she was going to ride. Another bit of theft from a farmer. Saris could not believe that saving the world required so much stealing. Just another person they owed through all of this mess. It didn't help her conscience thinking about Tyranik on the other horse they had taken. The day was not off to a great start. Tyranik was on the other side of the castle by now. The trip would have taken him several hours by swinging wide around the camped army. Saris, Ailyah, Graybon, and Polus now needed to take their position hidden in the ocean. It was going to be the only safe place when the chaos began. Saris couldn't help but think she had spent a lot of time in the water lately. The castle was within view but who knew if it would be able to withstand what was coming.
Everyone waited silently. Nervous energy surrounded them. All was quiet except for the wind and the gentle waves flowing by. Cara had disappeared over the hill so all that was left to do was wait. The silence was more nerve-racking than a war cry. A soft rumble began in the distance. It grew louder and louder from the other side of the hill. Soon the thudding on the ground sounded like an earthquake and Saris watched as the Wolires assembled in a defensive formation. The alarms were sounded and commands screamed across the field. Cara came into view riding at a full gallop. She pushed her horse to its limits and it appeared she might go flying at any moment. Cara dared not stop. The threat behind her was deafening now. At that moment, the renostrap herd came thundering over the hill. Spooked and charging just as Saris hoped. Cara leaped from the horse at the giant half-buried rock near the bottom of the hill. She scrambled behind it to avoid being trampled to death. She was just in time.
The herd came roaring by Cara and Saris lost sight of her. The renostraps appeared to be avoiding or jumping over the rock. Saris prayed the protection was enough and that she had not sent her friend to die. The dust cloud was too thick to see anything after the herd passed. Only time would reveal the fate of Cara.
The Wolire army was making enough noise to draw the attention of the renostraps. Again, just as planned. The herd continued the charge straight at the foreign invaders. Shields were raised, swords were drawn, and arrows flew but nothing slowed the threat. As the renostraps closed in the front lines braced behind their shields.
Saris felt a twinge of guilt. "This is not going to go well for them."
Ailyah comforted her. "Remind yourself that this force is here to end our way of life."
"You're right. We did not ask them to come here."
Saris hardened her expression as the renostraps lowered their heads. The front lines folded like paper. Brown warriors were knocked through the air or trampled by massive feet. The middle and rear troops saw the results quickly and began to run. Renostraps were faster than horses so escape was not an option. The herd continued the pursuit past the castle and eventually engulfed the entire army. At that moment, Cara came running into the water beside them.
"Did you think they got me?" she asked with a smile.
"Of course not. That would have meant my plan failed. I never had a doubt."
"I did. I knew they were fast but you just can't imagine until you see it for yourself."
It appeared that about fifty survived the charge of the renostraps. The remaining soldiers tried to regroup. Bodies covered the field where their once mighty force stood. In the distance beyond the castle, the herd began to turn. Moving as one, the giant animals circled back around and came back at the remaining survivors. Out in front leading the stampede was a lone horseman. A new wave of fear swept over Saris as she watched Tyranik bring the beasts back toward the castle. The plan was still working to perfection. The second pass would take care of any who managed to escape the first time. Tyranik passed the castle and the remaining archers were launching arrows his way. None really came close and their enthusiasm ceased when the herd barreled back onto the field. Another useless attempt to flee was followed by more ramming and trampling. If any survived the second time it would be a miracle. The ground shook again and the sound of thundering feet filled the air.
Tyranik rounded the castle and made a mad sprint to the ocean. The renostraps followed closely and turned to pursue. As Tyranik hit the beach the herd was on his heels. The closest renostrap's head was now a breath away from the horse's tail. Saris panicked. He wasn't going to make it.
Abruptly, the entire herd pulled up and slid through the sand. Tyranik's horse galloped into the water and slowed to keep from throwing him. His horse was waist deep before he turned around to look at the now stationary herd. The beasts snorted and glared at as if they were pondering chasing him into the ocean. Eventually, the herd turned and slowly strolled off the beach and back toward the hill. No one dared to get out as long as they were in sight. Even several minutes after they had gone over the hill, nobody moved.
Graybon finally stated the obvious. "Well, we can't stay in the ocean forever."
"I might," countered Tyranik. "That was one of the scariest things I have ever done."
"What happens if there is no water around?" wondered Cara.
"I guess they only stop once everything is dead," Graybon grimly replied.
It appeared everything on the field in front of the castle was dead. No movement, sound, or voices could be heard. The herd had taken care of the army for them and none of their party died in the process. The trade-off was that now those who were left in the Dark Castle most certainly knew they were here.
Saris posed the question to the group. "Even though the army is gone, he will have some defenses still inside the castle. How do we get in?"
Tyranik answered, "It's like any other ancient building. Parts are crumbling and falling down. Crevices and cracks along the outside walls are big enough to climb through."
"Good to hear but how are we going to get past any archers?"
"That's why you love me. Not only am I great looking but also smart. I grabbed these shields while I was hiding on the other side of the castle."
Tyranik pointed to the horse still waiting patiently in the water. Four Wolire shields were strapped to its side.
"Then the next step is to split up. Two with shields protecting a bowman. One group to each side of the castle. Find a way in and meet at Fitemire. Be careful, he knows we are coming."
Everyone agreed on the plan and separated into the two groups. Cara and Ailyah would be the archers since they were the best with the bows. Graybon and Tyranik would hold the shields for Cara while Saris and Polus held them for Ailyah. Tyranik initially protested leaving Saris but she calmed his nerves by reminding him that they had followed her plans so far and everything was working out.
Saris and her group began sneaking toward the west end of the castle. It didn't take long for the arrows to start raining down. After the first wave, Ailyah stood quickly and fired four arrows in a blink of an eye. Each struck home and four bodies fell from the top of the castle to the ground. In an instant, they were moving again. The next attack did not come in the form of arrows. Giant fireballs were launched from behind the walls. Shields wouldn't help this time so everyone dove out of the way. The Wolires were getting smarter because the remaining archers fired as soon as the fireballs hit. Saris got her shield up but was not able to cover Ailyah. A scream sent shockwaves through her body. Saris was sickened to see an arrow buried deep in Ailyah's leg. Polus scrambled to her side and covered her as another volley came their way.
"She can't move," he whispered.
"Stay with her," ordered Saris. "Get her to the nearest healer."
"You can't go on alone. Come with us."
"The others wouldn't know we left. They would be waiting for us. I have to go on."
Another round of fireballs came at them.
"Go now!" Saris yelled.
She dove forward, rolled, and brought her shield up just in time to block the arrows that she knew would be coming. The wall with a great crack was not far away now. A short sprint and she was diving through to temporary safety. The view through the opening showed Polus dragging Ailyah out of the line of fire. Still no casualties. It was the only bright spot that came with the realization that their numbers were reduced to four. All joy in seeing her friends escape left her when she turned to face the dark insides of the castle alone.
No torches lined the halls. The only light came through the cracks in the outside walls. Luckily, the castle was so old that there were a lot of cracks. Saris stayed close to the wall and in the shadows. The faint light allowed her to sneak through the bottom floors unnoticed.
She still didn't know where she was sneaking to. No signs of life came from any part of the castle. All that was before her was darkness and silence.
After a few minutes, a stairway appeared on one side of the hall. The stairs disappeared quickly into the darkness below. No light from above would make it underground. Saris knew that the most likely place to find what she was looking for was down the path she did not want to go. So she started down the steps. Both hands had to feel the walls to keep her balance. Finally, a sound came up from the bottom of the steps. Then faint light could be seen coming from another hallway. Torches were lit in a very large room at the end of the hall.
Saris slowly peered through the doorway and into the room. The sight turned her stomach. Laid out across the floor were bodies. Not bodies of soldiers killed in battle but of ancient creatures. Captured inhabitants of Redton who were brought here by the beasts. This is why they never found any bodies. Many Ancient Deer and several other animals were piled together in this dark tomb. Now she knew where the capture beasts would take anything they caught along the way.
A sound from another hallway caught her attention. A voice yelling with a frantic tone. Two figures came racing into the light of the room. The first in brown battle armor and a small crown on his head. No doubt this was Fitemire. The second was dressed in long black robes with a hood obscuring his face.
"I need it now!" Fitemire demanded.
"My lord, your father forbid it until we gathered at the island," the robed figure responded in a raspy low voice.
"We will not gather at the island if I don't gain their strength. Our army is gone. My sister will be chosen due to my failure. Do it now!"
"If you take on the power granted by a priest, it will be considered a challenge to your father's rule. Only the king decides how to use it."
"Then I will challenge him. I will not die here. Cast the spell, Nimian Priest."
"Very well."
Fitemire stood in the center of the room eerily close to a pile of bodies. The Nimian began a low hum and raised his arms as if pulling something from the bodies. Saris almost gasped as a dim yellow light began rising and flowing into Fitemire. His body began to give off a soft glow and Saris knew this could not continue. She pulled her knife, took a deep breath, and flung it toward the Nimian. It struck true and the priest cried out before crumpling to the floor. Fitemire spun to see the new threat.
"You will die now, girl. As will any of your friends who still live."
"Might as well get on with it."
Without hesitation, Saris charged with sword drawn. Her steel colliding with the iron of his native land echoed violently through the castle. It felt like the room shook with the force of the blow. The glow still radiating from Fitemire told her that his strength was superhuman. She was convinced when his strike to her sword sent her flying over the nearest pile of bodies. Saris raised her head and was face to face with a girl who looked to be about her age. The Wolires must have tried to gain power from humans before they realized the Ancients were a better source. A lifetime of experience should have been waiting for this poor girl but these evil creatures had stolen that from her. Thankfully, there were not many human bodies around. Still, one was too many. The anger rose in Saris. This girl would get her justice.
Fitemire was closing in as Saris rolled, grabbed a rock, and hurled it at him. He dodged the projectile easily but barely got his sword back in the air to block Saris' strike. Now she had him on the defensive and she continued her assault. Saris did not want to allow him to attack since the strength it took to block one of his blows could drain her quickly.
Fitemire was backpedaling and didn't see the cow right behind him. Saris took an overhead swing to get his sword up and then kicked hard to his chest. A yell of disbelief came and Saris jumped to bring her sword down into his chest. He rolled just in time to avoid the point of her sword. Now it was his turn and a huge punch sent her flying again. She hit the floor hard and the air left her lungs.
He must have liked the idea of throwing bodies because a fully grown horse came flying at her. She scrambled away as it landed right beside her. Saris got to her feet in time to leap over several more horses as Fitemire tried to slice her throat. This time she landed by the Nimian she had just killed with her knife. She was getting tired now and his extra strength was giving him more stamina. If the fight lasted much longer she would be exhausted.
Now was the time to end it. It was going to take a huge gamble to defeat him but the options were few. Saris found it easier to dodge and conserve her strength than to deflect his sword. Then the opening presented itself. The same opening Jare left exposed in his duel with Baxon. Fitemire struck her midsection with his left fist but as he punched his sword was left dangling by his side. Saris simultaneously stabbed him in the stomach with the knife hidden in her left hand. She gasped and stumbled backward eventually tripping over another body. Slowly she raised her head, afraid to see if it worked. Fitemire was swaying with a blank look in his eyes. He looked at her like he was confused. She got to her feet and stared back. With
superhuman speed, she leaped and drove her sword into his chest. Finally, he looked down and seemed to realize it was over. The Wolire's eyes closed and his body fell before her. Now it was over. Generally, Saris felt some sort of remorse when someone or something was killed but after looking around at all the bodies, she had no pity for him.
Footsteps came from another hallway leading to the underground room. Saris raised her sword again and prepared for whatever was coming through the door. Thankfully, Tyranik came rushing in followed by Cara and Graybon.
"Saris," called Tyranik. "Are you hurt?"
Cara scanned the room and looked sick. "What happened here?"
Saris caught her breath. "This is where those beasts bring what they catch. The Wolires can draw strength from the bodies. But they won't gain any more power here."
"Is that the Wolire prince?" asked Cara.
"That's him. Fitemire. Guess he didn't know who he was fighting."
"You killed him by yourself?" asked a stunned Tyranik.
"Don't sound so surprised. I'm getting good at this saving the world thing."
"What happened to Ailyah and Polus?"
"She was hit in the leg with an arrow. Polus is taking her to a healer. They never made it in the castle. What have you been doing this entire time?"
Care sarcastically replied, "Oh nothing much. We just killed two more capture beasts, about ten stires, and most all of the brown warriors that were left in the castle. The way out should be clear."
"Then I suppose it's on to King Lezier's Bay and out to Royal Island. Unless you all want to stay the night in the castle."
"No thank you," answered Graybon. "I prefer camping. Speaking of leaving, I am getting pretty creeped out by being in this room. Let's get out of here."
It was indeed time to leave this place. The Dark Castle had always been a place of mystery and fear. Saris did not have any desire to continue exploring. Someday they would have to send someone in to recover the bodies and bury them. Sometimes Saris couldn't believe she had survived this long.
They left the castle and walked onto the field in front of the gates. More bodies. The death here was because of them. It was an all-out war now. Many were dead on both sides. Thousands when you added the casualties across the seas. No one knew how many more remained but the death count was certainly going to get worse. At least a possible conclusion was in sight. One of the leaders of the Wolires was dead. Hopefully, a second one would be soon. Maybe the Wolire princess already was. That would leave the king. The Nimian Priest said only the king controls the power. Saris was sure he was already using this power and that he had more of it than Fitemire.
A couple of days journey would bring them to the bay. They would travel north and find a boat on Lifeblood's River. From there they would branch off at Serpent's River and follow that until it emptied into King Lezier's Bay. They were ahead of schedule so they would have to wait for Jare. He made it clear that they were not to take on the Wolire king without him.
As they began the newest part of their journey Tyranik said, "Another mission accomplished. Now we have to trust that Jare took care of his end as we did."
"If he sees what we have just seen, heaven help the Wolires in his path," added Graybon.
"Can he really defeat hundreds of fighters by himself?" asked Cara.
"We'll know soon enough," Saris answered. "I believe we will all see each other again. Let's not worry and concentrate on our task. Evil has killed the innocent and I will not let this foreign king succeed. Let's finish it."



ALONE IN THE NIGHT
The night guards at Grittenod were well trained and good at their job. Jare was just better at his. He made sure to be seen headed toward the wall. The moonlight and shadows did the rest. If anyone tried to follow him, they would be chasing a ghost. The entire walk through the fortress that day was not only a sightseeing tour but a scouting opportunity. There were many small paths between buildings that led to the side of the mountains. From there it was easy for one man to climb up and out. Just like that, he was at the top of the mountains staring over the plains toward the north. These fleeting moments revealed the beauty of the world. A clear sky let the moon illuminate the rivers and flatlands before him. Sometimes he needed to be reminded why he fought. The moments never lasted and the mission always consumed him.
The quickest route was to follow Troll River all the way to Giant's Lake and then come around from the east. The climb down the mountain took less time than the trip up. Jare walked for about an hour up the river until it was time to rest for a few hours until dawn.
The gentle sound of the water flowing, the breeze coming across the banks, and the moonlight sparkling off the river relaxed him as he settled down for the night. Jare stared up at the moon in the night sky. A sadness overtook him. Loneliness was nothing new but this was different. Traveling alone all these years had become normal. The last few weeks of company was the exception. He tried to convince himself that this was how he really wanted it. It wasn't working. Somehow, being alone felt wrong and depressing. That had never happened before. Others wanted him to stay or wanted to go with him in the past. None had the guts to follow through until now. He never wanted those he helped to follow. Being alone always was his choice but there was no denying it now, he missed his new family. This simultaneously annoyed and uplifted him. He felt a single tear roll down his cheek and he reached up to wipe it away.
"I am definitely going soft," he said aloud to himself.
He took a deep breath and viewed the peaceful scene around him again. One thing remained the same. The darkness called to him. It was as if it sensed he was vulnerable and wanted him back. After all, the night had been his only friend for years. Jare again felt the sadness of his loneliness.
"I'm back," he said to the darkness. "But I might not stay long."
The wind picked up and the scattered trees swayed in answer to his words. Just as suddenly, the breeze ended and silence settled around him. This was the same as it had been for years but he knew it was wrong as he laid down to sleep. Tomorrow he would begin his quest to defeat Tornmire. Then he would find his friends again.
It was only a few hours of sleep until the sunrise lit up the valley. Little rest was something that still did not bother him. He sat up and again the loneliness hit him.
"I've got to shut this down. I've also got to stop talking to myself. Stupid kids."
The trip up Troll River was uneventful. Now, more than ever, he cherished the quiet moments when nothing was trying to kill him. For the first time, thoughts of what it would be like to start a family of his own entered his mind. It would never be possible. No one like him could bring children into the world and raise them. He would always be fighting someone or something. Still, the thought stuck in his head. What if.
Jare pushed it out of his mind. His purpose was to protect other families who could not defend themselves. That is what he promised to do and he would continue until the end came. Keep focused. He forced that thought into his head and continued on.
Nightfall came again as he neared Giant's Lake. Another half day's travel would bring him around the eastern side of the lake and within sight of the Barrier Mountains. After making camp he went to the river's edge to do some fishing. This always calmed his nerves. It would be quicker to spear something for dinner but this last evening before the next battle was about focusing his thoughts. He poured over the possible defenses Tornmire might have constructed over the past year. She had a lot of time to prepare in the caves. If Calon was to be trusted, then she was going to be every bit as formidable as Patral. Before that confrontation could even take place, he had to get past her army. Many soldiers had fallen at his feet but never legions of men or creatures or whatever they are. This was not going to be easy. His stomach turned when his thoughts wandered to Saris. She and her friends would be facing the same dilemma. He couldn't lose his focus worrying about them. They were smart and would succeed at the Dark Castle.
The next day brought him to the southern shores of Giant's Lake. Now he needed to be aware of every movement and sound that surrounded him. Everything could be a trap. Just like that, he heard hooves pounding on the ground. A lone bull ox charged. It was limping as it lowered its giant horns to strike. Wounded oxen were left behind when they could no longer keep up with the herd. Hurt or not, it was still deadly. Jare did not want to kill it since it was just tired and scared.
The bull ox charged. Jare extended his arms in front of his body and showed his palms to the animal like he was going to push it away. An invisible barrier formed between Jare and the ox.  Another power he had not yet revealed to his friends. Jare didn't know why he kept his gifts a secret from them until he needed them. Old habits die hard. The ox hit the invisible wall and slowed. Confused, it stared at Jare. Then it charged again. Jare raised the barrier a second time. The ox rammed into it but did not stop this time. It pushed against Jare's wall and tried to move it backward. This seemed to make it madder and madder so Jare decided to take a different approach. As the ox thundered forward a third time, Jare set the edge of his wall on the ground and angled it up like a ramp. The ox ran up the incline and over his head. Jare then extended the invisible ramp behind so the ox ran down the other side. This confused the ox even more but its angered seemed to subside. The ox charged one more time back at him and Jare used the same maneuver to send the ox back where it started. Now it looked as if it had grown tired of this dance. The bull ox turned and looked back at Jare one more time before it walked away in the direction it came. He scanned the area for any more attacks or scouts. This could have been a random event or it could have been orchestrated by something else to distract him. The lake was still and no other movements caught his eye. After a few minutes, he decided there was nothing more to it than just a stray bull ox.
This was the first time he had used this particular technique. Sometimes ideas just came to him in the midst of battle. Using the invisible barrier as a ramp the bull ox could run up and down was something new. From this method, a new idea began to form in his mind. A wry smile formed on his lips and he knew what the best course would be.
For several more hours, Jare circled Giant's Lake. As his path turned north, the air grew colder. The wind picked up as the Barrier Mountains came into view. Jare couldn't help but feel like he just left this place. Was it a few days ago or weeks? The fight at the Shadow Cliffs had rattled him and certain things in his memory were still blurry. Time was something he had lost track of but now he felt fully himself again.
The sun was setting as he made the last turn and headed west toward the caves. This was a good place to stop and let nightfall. Although he was learning to embrace the light, darkness had always served him well when facing great odds and this would be no different. A few hours of rest and then it would be time to face an army, by himself. He chuckled at the thought.
"This is going to be an amazing feat and no one will be here to see it. And I'm talking to myself again."
The next few hours drug by. He tried to nap but his mind would not shut off. The scenarios played out in his head over and over. Finally, around midnight he began his final trek to confront the Wolires. The fires and sounds of movement gave away the army very quickly. Jare estimated two hundred at the mouth of the caves. There was no way of knowing if more were lying in wait. Maybe the rest of their forces had already left for King Lezier's Bay. Maybe a thousand more would greet him once he launched his one-man attack. Sometimes even he couldn't believe the things he did.
"If I survive this, I must consider settling down. Who am I kidding? I'd probably just get run over by a plow anyway."
Light was coming from inside the caves. Tornmire assuredly was in one overseeing the plans of this force. He needed to draw her out. Destroying her soldiers in one blow should get her attention. Another sigh and he was headed straight toward a couple hundred soldiers.
"Just another day in the life of Night's Justice. Stop calling myself that."
Jare came across the first set of guards on the shore of the lake. Silently and quickly they were dispatched and thrown into the water. One heavy brown cloak was by the fire at their lookout point. Jare put it on and pulled the hood up over his head. The next group of brown soldiers didn't give a second look. Strolling past was too easy which was good since there were more and more of them around. Killing any now would not be done in secret.
He continued on and came to the main edge of the camp. Still no sign of suspicion from anyone around. Now convinced he could walk freely, Jare made his way toward the entrance of the Silver Caves. As expected, the entrance was heavily guarded. No one entered without passing a large group of Stires and several robed figures that looked like some kind of priests.  The priests checked everyone using some sort of extrasensory scan before allowing anyone to pass. From what he knew of hierarchy, they had to be the second in command to Tornmire. She was in the caves somewhere. He wasn't getting in that way without killing these guards. Then the army would be bearing down on him immediately. Even in the confines of the caves, he could not hold off this many soldiers. Eventually, they would overwhelm him. There was also the complication of not knowing exactly what was in the cave. Jare decided it was too risky to attempt entry into the caves. The army must be dealt with first. Once defeated, whatever was in the caves would surely be drawn out. That might not be a good thing but it was the best he had at the moment.
Jare strolled casually past the middle of the army. He needed to be close to the center to get everyone's attention but close enough to the lake so he could make it to the water. The perfect spot gave a clear path through the resting soldiers. No one said a word around him. In fact, not a word had been spoken by any of them the entire time. Jare couldn't recall any form of communication ever used by the brown soldiers. The robed priests must be delivering the orders telepathically.
Jare began to speak. "So, what's the plan for the invasion?"
The brown warriors all turned to look and although their faces were obscured, he could imagine the look of bewilderment hearing one of their own use words.
Jare couldn't help himself. "I'm beginning to think you aren't the most intelligent soldiers I've ever fought. I've been in your camp for twenty minutes and nothing. Not a single one of you noticed an invader. That's why you're all about to die."
They were all getting to their feet now. News of the intruder would soon get to the priests and then the order to kill would come. He had to get the entire army to come after him. It was time to see if this genius plan would work or if he was not quite as strong as he thought.
Jare threw the cloak to the ground and grabbed his Trynt Blades from his shoulders. The blades extended and he struck the closest brown warrior. Now those around drew their weapons and advanced. Jare cut down three more beside him and began running down the open path. The word was starting to spread through the camp that something was wrong but he could tell not everyone was aware of the threat. He sliced and stabbed at confused browns as he ran toward the lake. He could not hear the Browns pursuing but he sensed their movements as they gathered against him. The edge of the camp was in sight and then it was a short sprint to the lake. Jare cleared the last of the browns and ran as fast as possible to the water's edge.
He turned to see the entire army mobilized and marching toward him. So far the plan was working. No doubt they thought they were facing a band of warriors at the lake's edge. Time to test himself once again. This was a stretch of his powers and nothing he had ever tried before. Jare extended his hands toward the surface of the lake. His invisible wall formed on the water. He gave it the look of solid ice. Then Jare walked out on it. He focused with all his strength to extend the solid wall as far as he could in all directions. He was well out into the lake when he felt the first footsteps on his barrier. The weight of the soldiers hit him in the arms and shoulders. Essentially, he was now supporting their entire weight. More and more came across the surface to pursue. The farther he went, the more walked out. As each new body stepped onto his wall, his body shook more and more. He had to hold it long enough to get them all.
Jare was well out into Giant's Lake when he felt the final soldier step on. Giant's Lake was indeed that, giant. A small part of the lake was now covered by his invisible barrier. Two hundred soldiers and Stires were on top of it. Jare thought his head was about to explode. He needed them closer. They had to get far enough into the lake. The closest line was now within a striking distance. Closer and closer they came. Almost time now. The first browns raised their swords and prepared to deliver a blow.
At that moment, Jare dropped the barrier. Everyone including him fell into the lake. The water was just as icy as he remembered it. For a split second all thought was gone. Quickly he regained his bearings and formed the wall again. This time he brought it down from the air above. Once again it was sitting on top of the water. Instead of holding everyone up, it was trapping them underneath. Once it was in place, Jare climbed on top of it. He stood there freezing but focused on keeping the barrier solid. The soldiers were beating on it trying to break through. Keeping two hundred underneath was much easier than holding them up. After several minutes, the pounding stopped. Nothing moved beneath the water. Jare didn't know if they drowned like a human or if they froze. One thing was certain, they were dead.
Jare slowly walked back toward the shore. His next problem was finding Tornmire in the Silver Caves. Some of the smaller caves stretched from one side of the mountain range to the other.  One person could escape easily in that maze. The price for your freedom would be getting lost forever in those endless labyrinths. He didn't know which approach she would take with her army gone but he had to keep her from getting away.
It wasn't long before his question was answered. As Jare neared land he could make out a figure standing on the shore. Long brown hair, shining gold sword, and a soft glow emanating from her body. Five of the priests were standing by her side. He wasn't going to have to find her. She wasn't interested in escape. Revenge and death were in her eyes. Her appearance lived up to the vicious description Calon had given. This was the most dangerous of the Wolires. Tornmire.



TORNMIRE
Tornmire was smiling as her face came into view. Devilishly beautiful, her eyes gleamed as she looked over her new foe.
"The first thing you do when scouting out a new world to conquer is to identify the most dangerous threats. No matter where we sent our spies, one name always came up. Night's Justice. You lived up to the legend. All my remaining soldiers destroyed by one man. I am impressed."
"My name is Jare. I have heard you are the most vicious of the Wolires. I will see if you live up to your reputation, Tornmire."
"Call me Torn. I dislike sharing the half name with my incompetent brother and arrogant father.  We wouldn't be in this mess if either would ever listen to me."
"Things not going well since you lost your army?"
"Two armies. I'm sure you aren't aware since you've been busy but my Nimian Priests have lost contact with the priests at the castle. The last update told of the annihilation of Fitemire's troops. If the warriors are gone and contact is lost with priests, it is a solid assumption that your friends have taken out my brother. I actually don't mind. It means I will inherit my father's kingdom."
"Where will that be? That kingdom won't be in my world."
"Be warned. I'm not my brother."
"That's why I came here."
Jare stepped onto land and let his barrier disappear. The priests backed away slowly. Jare noticed energy projected to Tornmire's body from the priests. It didn't take much thought to deduce that she was drawing her power from the captured creatures of Redton channeled through the priests. He doubted that this left the victims alive. Tornmire could tell he knew the secret.
"Don't judge me too harshly. I don't like gaining power this way. I am a fighter who dreams of glorious battles. Warrior against warrior. My father craves this dirty kind of power. I don't."
"I hope you aren't expecting forgiveness. My specialty is punishment."
"I like you Jare. To the point and prepared to do whatever it takes."
"You aren't going to like me for long, Torn."
She smiled when he shortened her name. It was the last sign of respect for a warrior. Now he had to kill her. Jare reached for his blades and they snapped into place. He moved away from the water and circled her. The priests continued to send her power but now they had their back to the water. It wasn't going to take long to get rid of them.
Jare began walking forward. Torn didn't move as he approached but when he got close enough she lifted her sword and swung at this head. A deflection and then two strikes at her midsection sent her into a defensive position and then a spin. She gracefully backed up away from the water. Jare then wheeled on the priests and with several swipes of both blades, all five dropped on the shore. Tornmire still had a soft glow from the power already in her but no more would be coming today.
Tornmire eyed him admiringly. "Every move carefully calculated and executed to perfection. You are the perfect killer."
"Perfection and killing don't go together. I am a monster just like you. The difference is I don't pretend that I am anything else."
Jare advanced again. Their blades crossing rang out through the cold night. Jare stayed on the offensive always following a right slash with a left. Tornmire was swift. She blocked and ducked every attempt. She had been trained well. There was never an opening to exploit or a weakness that could be attacked. He had to continue to back her away until she made a mistake.
As an expert warrior herself, Tornmire was not going to wait around for that to happen. She raised her sword overhead to make her first strike. Jare blocked it by crossing his blades but she used the momentum to propel herself upward and flip over his head. Two swings while overhead were blocked by each blade. When she landed Jare timed a kick perfectly to her midsection. Tornmire went sprawling on the ground but was back to her feet in an instant. Just in time to block another swing of Jare's blade but he punched with his left hand while still holding his other sword. His fist made solid contact to the cheek and blood ran down her face.  
She smiled again. "It appears I am not going to win this by skill with a sword. I will have to use other methods."
As her words trailed away, three small throwing daggers flew right at his face. A quick spin and duck took him out of harm's way. Tornmire lunged and drew a long knife. Jare turned just in time to bring the handle of his sword down on her forearm and knock the knife to the ground. A quick leg sweep sent him to the ground and it was followed by a kick to his face. For the first time, she had landed blows. He rolled in time to avoid a downward swing of her sword that ended up striking the cold ground. Then Jare was back to his feet and he was the one smiling.
"That was your one chance. I don't usually give a second one."
"You usually don't fight someone like me," she countered.
"True but I..." Before he could finish, she was dashing toward the entrance of the caves. "Really?" he asked out loud.
"Are you coming my dear Jare?" she yelled.
"Alright, I've got to kill her now because she keeps making me look stupid," he mumbled to himself.
Jare placed his blades back on his shoulders and chased after her fully aware that there was some sort of trap waiting for him. She turned before entering the caves and watched as he approached. Jare saw the sly grin on her face and he sensed the projectiles before they came at him. Tornmire pulled a lever that hurled two jagged edged spears right at his body. Jare spun as he caught the first one and used it to knock the second out of the air. He slowly raised his head to take in her look of surprise. She definitely expected this trap to finish him. He must have had a smug look on his face because her expression turned to determination quickly. Tornmire flipped high in the air again and was coming down right on top of him. Jare stepped back as she landed and tried to deliver a punch. Jare caught her wrist and she tried with the other fist. He caught that arm too and held her. Instinctively, his hips were angled away so she could not deliver a blow to his groin which was her only option. At least he thought that was her only option. She smiled again and moved the only way she could with her arms trapped. She leaned closer to him. Her body was now leaned against him and she kissed him. He should have pushed her away and finished her but he didn't. He let her close to him and was about to lose himself when he snapped back to reality and knocked her to the ground.
"Are you kidding me right now?"
"It took you long enough to stop me."
"Have you forgotten we are trying to kill each other?"
"Well, you just missed your chance."
She drew her sword again and charged. Jare only grabbed one of his blades to fend off her attack. Every strike was blocked as he backed away. Tornmire was on the offensive now so Jare looked for his opening. Her hand went too high with the sword and he delivered an open hand strike to her forearm causing her to drop it. He grabbed the back of her neck and had his blade at her throat instantly. She laughed again and smiled at him.
"There is something seriously wrong with you," he said.
"Or something that you really like." She pushed her head forward and her neck went against the edge of the blade.
Jare allowed her to push toward him. "Are you crazy? You will cut your own throat."
She was face to face with him again. This time he kissed her. He continued to hold his sword at her throat just in case but he was giving in. Her lips were soft and warm in the cold air and this time he let his mind get lost in the moment. Tornmire moved her kisses from his lips to his cheek and then down his neck. That's when he heard a quick hiss and felt four sharp points pricking the skin of his neck. He knew she had him. Four fangs had extended from her teeth. She had her mouth around his neck so any sudden movement would tear his throat.
"So I guess we are going to have to release each other?" he asked.
"Uh huh," was all she was able to get out with her mouth open and around his neck.
Slowly Jare moved his blade away from her neck as she released his. She backed away and he saw two long fangs retract into her upper jaw and two more into her lower jaw. She chomped her normal teeth at him and grinned.
"As much fun as this has been I have to go now baby," she said.
"Don't call me that."
"Awww. Are you mad that I did that? You did put the sword to my throat first."
"You aren't going anywhere. No more distractions. You know you can't beat me."
"That's true but I don't think you can fly."
She turned, ran, and called to the caves. A winged lizard the size of a small boat emerged. It's leathery wings spread wide and Tornmire jumped on. She was in the air in a heartbeat. The lizard flew east. He knew they were headed to the bay.
She called to him one last time. "I know I'll see you soon, sweetie."
Jare shook his head. This sure didn't go the way he envisioned it this morning. The dawn rapidly approached and new sickening thought hit him. He had to know what was in the caves. Most likely more traps or monsters trained to kill but there was no turning back. Jare slowly walked toward the entrance to the caves.
As the dawn broke he peered inside to survey the surroundings. The growing light illuminated the entrance. The reflection of the silver lined rock walls shimmered deep into the mountains. Seeing would not be a problem but the dancing light was a perfect distraction for traps.
Jare stepped inside and extended his hand. He made a quick downward motion and slammed his invisible barrier to the cave floor. Arrows came flying from either side and struck the barrier dead center.
"She definitely knows how to play."
He held his hands out to both sides creating a wall around him. Every few steps a new trap sprang to life. Arrows, spears, daggers, and even stalactites came crashing down from above.  Jare just raised his hand in time to lift the barrier overhead and prevent himself from getting crushed. There were no guards or monsters of any kind. Tornmire obviously did not allow anyone in here. He continued deeper into the cave until it widened into a large open area.
Jare was disgusted at what laid before him. The bodies of Ancients. Many Ancient Deer and Bears were scattered throughout. The Capture Beasts must have brought them all here. He looked near the walls and saw a few Ancient Falcons. Beautiful all white creatures the size of a grown man. Jare had only seen them once before across the sea. More unfamiliar animals were behind the larger bodies. Five Ancient Lizards the size of cows were piled on top of each other. And two long bodies that stretched the length of the walls. Dark red and as thick as tree trunks. Ancient Snakes. Jare had never been sure that they actually existed. The Ancient Snakes were more myth than reality but here they were. All these magnificent creatures that were as old as time had been slaughtered for someone else's greed. Jare felt the anger rising to a volcanic eruption inside of him. One more scan around the room and his fears were relieved. No people. No innocent children. It appeared only magical creatures were good enough for the Wolires. Tornmire said she hated getting power through the death of these animals. He hoped she was telling the truth. Jare was sure her father had no reservations about power.
This room would serve as a tomb for the dead animals. Jare walked back out through the small entryway. He gathered as many large rocks as possible and began stacking them near the opening. When there was a sufficient number to block the entry, he formed his wall again and pushed. The rocks started to stack in front of the entrance and before long it was completely blocked. No one was going to come back and desecrate the remains of these creatures.
Jare began his walk back to the light. He had only taken a couple of steps before the thought crossed his mind that Tornmire might have placed traps that were activated when someone tried to get out. He was right. Two more steps and more arrows hit against his barrier. More spears and rocks flew the closer he got to the exit. Finally, he stepped into the light of the morning. It had already been a long day but another journey loomed. Taking the rivers would be the fastest way to King Lezier's Bay but it still might take a few days. Before the next trip there had to be a nap. He would not rest here. Someone or something might come to see why communication was lost with Tornmire at the caves. He needed to get to the other side of the lake.
He started to circle around the lake to the east when he stopped in his tracks. "Why am I taking the long way? It's no secret I'm here now."
Jare walked out on the lake again. The Titan river flowed from the southeast edge of Giant's Lake so he walked straight toward it. Following it would take him to the Mouth of Life and then Lifeblood River. This entire adventure was going to bring him very close to where he started in the Old Forest. The king of the evil had been within striking distance from the beginning and no one knew it. Fedrire would be aware of his many defeats by now. This would be his last stand. Jare knew surprises were waiting for him on Royal Island. Someone as evil as Fedrire would have a plan even if it meant death to everyone, including himself. There was comfort in the thought of Saris and the others surviving. He believed Tornmire when she said her brother was dead. She seemed too happy about it to be lying. His comfort soon left him. He may not have known his friends long but he knew them well. They were bold, rash, and a little cocky.
"I told them to wait for me. What are the odds of that happening?" he asked the daylight.



FIRE OF VORRETENNA
The trip up Night River had been slow and exhausting for the four of them. Saris hated paddling upstream but once they reached Lifeblood River everything became much easier. The trip to King Lezier's Bay still took a couple of days but the sight of the still waters of the great bay was comforting. The last few hours down Serpent's River reminded Saris of crossing it the first time with Jare. Then she had only known him as Night's Justice and he was incredibly hard to talk to. After they all crossed Serpent's River together, he started to open up slightly. Even if he didn't know it, helping her those first few days meant a great deal. She was excited to get to know him then and now she wondered if she would ever see him again. As they came upon the bay they had to ditch their homemade raft. It would not be sturdy enough to take them to Royal Island in the middle of the bay.
"It looks like our best option is to find a boat heading to the island from Vorretenna," offered Cara.
"How will we pay for the passage?" asked Graybon.
Cara smiled. "We haven't paid for anything yet. Why start now?"
"Wow. Miss do everything right has really gone off the deep end."
"If you want to stay here and sell candy to raise enough money then be my guest. I am going to get to the island a lot quicker."
Cara started walking west along the shore of the bay without waiting for agreement from any of them.
"I guess you need to shut up and follow along," Tyranik said to Graybon.
"I think she needs to apologize to me," he replied.
"Don't act like you don't like it," Cara called from up ahead.
It didn't take long for them to realize something was terribly wrong. Smoke could be seen from miles away. This was smoke from buildings on fire and it was coming from the direction of Vorretenna. Everyone looked at each other with fear in their eyes. No one said it but it was clear the Wolire attack had started.
"They're not starting with the Virason," said Saris. "They want to defeat the mortal armies first and then go after Relis."
They began running up the shoreline toward the great city. It would still take hours and they would be exhausted but there seemed like little choice. The battle may have already been lost.
Before long several wagons full of old soldiers came up from behind. These men and women looked like their fighting days were long behind them. The news of the attack must have spread quickly and every able-bodied warrior was coming to join the fight.
"You kids look like you've been in a fight before," called a man from the lead wagon. "Jump in."
Saris and the others didn't have to be asked twice. They ran up to the rear of the wagon as it slowed and leaped in. In a flash, the driver was pushing the horses back to full speed.
"Thank you," Saris said to the old man. "What is going on?"
"Have you kids been hiding in a dungeon somewhere?"
Saris mumbled, "That's pretty close."
"An invasion has started at Vorretenna. An army from some other world destroyed the forts on Royal Island and launched an assault from there. Vorretenna is burning."
"We lost everyone in the forts?" Tyranik asked with disbelief. "How many do we have left and what are we facing?"
"Roughly ten thousand active soldiers defend the city with thousands more like us on the way.  Old retired has-beens who want one more fight and young untested kids like you who want to make a name for themselves. Not great odds if you ask me but I didn't expect to live this long so I'm looking forward to it."
"How many?" Tyranik asked again.
"About twenty thousand. And my name is Worback. Thanks for asking."
"Sorry sir," said Saris. "We're just a little in shock."
"Ha ha!" Worback bellowed. "Sir? No sirs here. Just a bunch of old fighters who are about to die."
"Do you really think we have no chance?"
"There's always a chance but who's going to win this war for us? You? The Virason sit in their hills and wait for the invasion to come to their front door. The other lands have been in a war for months now. There are no more stories of Night's Justice. It's like he just disappeared if he even was real in the first place."
Saris' heart sunk with the last bit of news. If Jare wasn't in the fight at Vorretenna and the city was on fire, then he may have never made it back. She knew it was not a good idea for him to go alone. He may be a legend but even he admitted he had never defeated an army before.
"Cheer up girl," Worback continued. "It could be worse. There was a rumor of another foreign army to the south at the Dark Castle. Some unknown force destroyed them. I don't know who led this attack but I hope these warriors join us soon."
Saris looked around and saw the rest of her friends smile. No one told Worback about what they had done at the castle. He wouldn't believe them anyway. Now was the time to show what they could do, not talk about it.
It wasn't long before the smoke grew thicker and Vorretenna came into sight. The giant flames rose high from the great buildings. People were fleeing in all directions. Worback directed the wagons to the South Cross. The Cross was the widest path through the city. You could drive several wagons through side by side. The South Cross was the southern route that led to the center of the city. There was also a North, East, and West Cross which all met in the middle forming giant roadways through Vorretenna. The city had grown outward from the middle of the Cross until it was the largest in the world. Great buildings, market centers, and gardens were scattered throughout the inner part of Vorretenna. The residential areas came next and then the military bases lined the outside.
The fire seemed to be on the east side spreading from the East Cross which ended at the bay.  It still seemed as if there was some hope if the invaders were limited to the eastern parts of the city. Landing at the East Cross and working their way toward the center of the city would be the most logical plan of attack.
Their wagons thundered into Vorretenna. The path was clear now as most people had either fled or barricaded themselves into their homes. The view of fire was now blocked by the large buildings but smoke could still be seen high overhead. The large statues and fountains that were located in the center of the Cross were in view. A few more minutes and they would turn east toward the fighting.
Yelling and screaming could be heard coming from the East Cross. Commands of advance and orders to attack were being given to Vorretenna soldiers. The wagons slowed to a stop and Worback jumped from the back. His comrades did the same.
"Ride's over kids," he shouted. "Time to run. It's up to you which way."
He led the others in a sprint to the east.
"Do we just follow?" asked Graybon.
"We aren't going to win this by defeating the army," answered Tyranik. "We need to take out their leaders. We know they don't function well without commands."
Saris agreed. "That's the smart plan. Now how do we get to their commanders? We can't go through the main lines."
Tyranik thought a moment. "I'm willing to bet their leaders are on their ships in the harbor. They would not risk coming on shore with the main battle going. They've seen what happened at the Dark Castle so they will be careful."
"I need to get to the top of a building near the bay," said Cara. "From there I can get my arrows to the ships."
"You're not ready," argued Graybon. "You know what Jare said. We can destroy ourselves and others if we overextend our powers."
"There's no time to discuss it. If I don't try then we all die anyway."
"There has to be another way."
"Just get me to the bay. I promise it will be ok."
Graybon looked like he was going to protest again but Cara just smiled and touched his arm gently. His face fell and he resigned himself to the fact that there was no other way. He nodded slightly to her and weakly smiled. Saris' heart was breaking for them. Graybon was right. They were not skilled enough yet with their power to control it like Jare. If Cara could not control it then she would surely die.
"We can't go down the Cross," interjected Tyranik, breaking the tension. "We'll get caught up in the fighting and will never make it to the bay. We have to find a way through the alleys."
Cara nodded and started toward a side street. The friends followed and ducked out of sight. The sounds of war raged around them but they continued east. They passed several deserted stores and came upon a patrol of Browns. Before they could be spotted, Cara let loose three arrows. Three Browns fell. Tyranik and Graybon charged. Saris decided to cut through a shop and come around from behind. She jumped over tables and chairs before bursting out a back door. Just as planned, she circled around and caught the Browns off guard. The boys had taken down five by the time Saris struck from behind. She sliced through the remaining attackers before they even knew she was there.
No words were spoken and they continued their march east. Every couple of blocks, they came upon more Browns or Stires. Cutting them down quickly was the best way to avoid detection. Saris had to admit that her group of friends were much better fighters than they were just a few weeks ago. The Stires were quite a challenge at the Ruins of Calontine but together they were able to easily take them out.
The fires were raging all around so it was clear they were well behind enemy lines. Through the smoke, King Lezier's Bay came into view. Now was the time to ascend and deliver a blow to the Wolire army. Cara looked for the tallest building she could find and decided on a tower at the edge of the city. They began to climb the steps. It would have been a great place for an ambush but no enemies emerged. Finally, they reached the top and surveyed the scene.
The devastation was horrific. The fire extended all the way up and down the eastern edge of the city. The Wolire army had pushed what was left of Vorretenna's defenses near the center of The Cross. There was a large group of fighters trapped on the East Cross between the bay and the Wolires that had advanced farther into the city. Saris saw Worback in the middle of the fighting. Scattered Vorretenna troops tried to meet the advance all across the eastern edge but they kept falling back. Retreat would be the only option soon.
Cara stepped to the edge of the tower and focused on the ships in the bay.
"I can see the king standing on the lead ship," she said. "He is watching the attack with more of those priests."
Cara pulled an arrow and prepared to fire. She focused all her energy into her bow. Her breathing became quick and heavy. No mortal could shoot an arrow even half this distance. She let the arrow fly and remained fixated on its flight path. She propelled it farther than should be possible and guided it directly at the king. The arrow became a speck in the distance. No one could see it anymore but Cara remained locked in on the ship. She still had control of the arrow.
"I hit him in the leg!" she proclaimed proudly.
A horn sounded from the ship and it appeared to start turning.
"He's running. I have to try again."
"No!" yelled Graybon.
It was too late. Cara shot another arrow at the ship and guided it with the same effort.
"I missed. It hit on the deck as he ran to his cabin."
The ship was turning and heading back toward Royal Island. Saris sensed that the Browns knew this too. Their advance slowed and now they just tried to hold their positions. After a few minutes, the soldiers of Vorretenna began pushing the Wolires back.
"Time to go join the fight," Saris ordered. "Cara, stay up here and cover us. Do not try that again. Just shoot normally and we will be fine."
Cara nodded and started shooting at the nearest Wolire soldiers. She already looked weak from extending her powers. Saris, Tyranik, and Graybon ran down the steps to help their new friends. They emerged from the tower and ran straight into a group of Browns. Tyranik and Graybon began cutting and slicing away. Saris ran toward Worback and his trapped comrades. She began chopping at the back of the attackers and managed to split them up. Worback's group took advantage of the confusion and overwhelmed the Wolires.
"Well done young one," Worback said. "You have surpassed all expectations."
"I'm not through yet."
Now it was time to return to Tyranik and Graybon. They were holding their own but the Wolires appeared to be regrouping in an attempt to make one final push into the city.
"My turn," Graybon said as he moved forward.
Tyranik tried to stop him. "You don't have to do this either."
"The choice is the same. Either I try it and I die or I don't and we all die."
Graybon stepped in front as the Wolires began their charge. He closed his eyes and focused all his strength into his ax. With a might chop, he brought the ax blade crashing down into the street. The buildings shook and the roadway spilt. The Wolires were caught in the vibrations and disintegrated. Some fell into the open crevice in the street. Graybon had struck too hard. The buildings began collapsing. Everyone had to sprint back to avoid being crushed. The rubble and dust filled the street making it impossible to see. Saris had a sickening thought and then she looked up. The tower was gone.
"Cara!" Graybon screamed as he began sprinting to where the tower had been.
Saris and the others ran to keep up. They jumped and crawled over the pile of stone and wood but they could not get through. Graybon wanted to circle back but it was too risky.
"We can't," pleaded Saris. "Listen to me. If we go back around we will never make it to the island in time. Fedrire will have fled or launched another attack after he regroups. We have to go on."
Graybon dropped his head and nodded. Maybe Cara had already come down and was waiting for them. Graybon would never forgive himself if she died because of his blow.
They got to the other side of the fallen buildings and saw the Wolire army retreating to the beach. The ships had already left so there was no escape. The Vorretenna soldiers came rushing to the shore from the north and the south. Graybon was not going to wait any longer. He charged the remaining Wolires.
He might have hoped he was going to die but Graybon fought like Saris had never seen him fight before. He was out of control and in a rage. Saris and Tyranik followed quickly and the three of them were fighting part of an army by themselves. They swung swords, stabbed with knives, kicked, and punched. Everything that was brown fell on the sand. It seemed like an eternity before they were joined by the warriors of the city. There were still several thousand Wolires on the beach but they were decimated by the charging forces of Redton. After a few moments, all was quiet. The fires still burned and the much of the city was in ruin but the victory was theirs.
The Vorretenna soldiers gathered around the three teens and yelled their battle cry over and over. Saris looked to Tyranik and then Graybon. They were going to be called heroes of this war. Their life of anonymity was over. Already she was not sure that she liked it. More and more, she was coming to understand Jare.
A young captain stepped forward. "My lords and lady. What are your names?"
Saris answered, "I am Saris. This is Tyranik and Graybon."
"The news of your courage spread quickly through the ranks of our soldiers. Four teenagers who drove the evil king back to the island and cut through their army. You gave us hope. Where is the fourth?"
Saris dropped her head. "She was lost during the battle. We have not seen here since."
"She needs to have a word with her boyfriend," called a familiar voice from the edge of the city.
Cara limped out onto the beach. She was beaten and bruised but alive. Graybon rushed to her side, picked her up in his arms, and kissed her. He kissed her for a long time. Saris started feeling a little awkward and turned away. After a few moments, she looked back, still kissing. The captain looked at her as if waiting for her to tell him what to do. Saris just shrugged at him. Finally, they released each other and Graybon helped her hobble over to the rest of them. Saris hugged her like they hadn't seen each other in years. It felt like that long since they lost track of her.
Saris finally answered the captain, "This is Cara. She is the one who caused the king to run."
He looked impressed. "How did you accomplish that feat?"
"I shot arrows at him from the tower that stood over there while he stood on his boat."
"That's impossible. No one can shoot that far."
"I'm really good with a bow."
The group laughed. They had a talent for making the impossible come true.
Cara continued, "Plus I leaped from the tower as it fell from the strike of my boyfriend. I would say what we have done here today should make you doubt that anything is impossible."
"So what is your plan now?" Saris asked the captain.
"All of our resources will be put into the city. Legions are already trying to put out the fire and then we must rescue any trapped civilians."
"You aren't going after him?"
"We can't pursue until we take care of Vorretenna."
"Give us a boat. We will go to the island and deal with the king before he can flee."
"You can't take him on alone."
"They won't be alone," yelled a grumpy old voice. Worback and his warriors were finishing their climb over the rubble.
"Do you kids always destroy everything in sight?"
"It makes things more interesting that way," answered Graybon.
Saris looked back to the captain. "See, we have an army now."
He shook his head. "Normally, I would not give this any thought and deny your request immediately. After what you just accomplished, I think you have earned the right to decide your own fate."
The captain called to one of the soldiers nearby. A few quick instructions and he was running toward the bay. After several minutes he returned and told them of a sailor who would take them across the bay to Royal Island.
The next argument was one of the most heated discussions Saris had ever been seen. When they told Cara she couldn't go, she almost exploded. Cara's ankle had swelled up like a melon and there was no way she could run on it. Walking was increasingly difficult. Cara would be a liability and would most likely get one or all of them killed. Surprisingly, Graybon just listened as she raged on about getting left behind.
Finally, it was his turn to make her see reason, "I had to swallow my pride, sit back, and do nothing while you risked your life for all of us. Now you have to do the same. We cannot fight an evil king and carry you with us at the same time. You have to stay here and rest. I promise it will be ok."
Cara went silent and nodded in reluctant agreement. Graybon hugged her and gave her another kiss. Then he let her go and walked toward the boat.
Saris looked at Cara. "We're coming back. I'll make sure of that."
"All of you," Cara said.
Saris nodded, smiled, and then headed to the boat with what was left of their family. Seven started this quest together back in the Old Forest. Fate and necessity had seen four of them part ways. Three were left. Three to do battle with the evil they had tracked for almost a month. No, this journey was not going the way Saris expected. Great adventures probably never do.



RACE TO THE BAY
Jare paddled the small canoe he borrowed from a farmer south of Giant's Lake. He had to promise to come back and teach the farmer's sons some basics of fighting. It was amazing how fast news could spread. The farmer already knew that Night's Justice was near the lakes and had destroyed a foreign army. At least no stealing was involved this time. Jare assumed it would be forgiven if he got himself killed and couldn't come back to repay the debt. Even traveling with the current and constant paddling, the trip was taking days. It was a long float down Titan River. From there he turned south at the Mouth of Life. It was a left turn on Dala's River and then on to King Lezier's Bay.
A terrible sight greeted him while nearing the bay. Smoke billowed high into the sky and Jare knew that meant one thing. The attack on Vorretenna had begun. He paddled faster now willing the canoe forward. The great city came into sight as well as people fleeing to the west. Thousands were trying to escape whatever devastation Fedrire was bringing.
Jare pulled the canoe to the banks of the river and jumped out. He sprinted toward the North Cross but saw Browns at the northeastern edge of the city pursuing more citizens. Jare drew his blades and charged through the crowd. He was on the Browns before they knew what was happening. He cut through the first five with ease and continued to the back of their group. He wheeled as they stopped and turned to see this new threat. They were too slow. Jare took down seven before they could even strike a blow. Finally, the last five turned on him and swung their swords. A couple of quick blocks, a slide, and five more thrusts ended this fight.
More soldiers would follow and be cut down every time they emerged from behind a different building or down a different street. The invasion still seemed to be limited to the easternmost parts of the city. Jare could tell several buildings had fallen during the fighting, either because of the fire or something else.
Jare continued on the path south to what looked like the heaviest fighting. The ships that brought these soldiers would also be docked in the main harbor at the entry to the East Cross.  He entered a small open area between buildings that contained a garden. The vegetation looked to be untouched by the fighting so far but that was about to change. Several Stires stepped out of doorways to block his path forward. Jare readied for the assault but they stayed curiously still. It wasn't long until he found out why.
A beast with bent legs like an insect coming from a long snake-like body and a curved head emerged from the shadows. It was taller than a man and had a dark orange tint to its body. The creature lunged forward and snapped at him with its jaws. Jare dove to his right and rolled. He sprang to his feet beside the closest Stire and stabbed it as it raised its clawed hands to strike. The beast was lunging again and Jare sidestepped its attack. The creature bit the Stire before it had a chance to fall. More lunging and diving followed. Jare knew he could not keep this up forever. Every move he made, it got closer and closer to striking him. It was thinking and anticipating his moves. Something had to be done now or he was going to catch a pointed leg to the body. It was slashing with its legs and trying to bite him with its jaws.
Jare saw the next opportunity to end this. He leaped straight up into the air when the thing lunged again. It raised his head to look up at him. Jare came down on the back of its head and grabbed hold. He slid down its back and bent its head back as far as he could. The creature was able to bend with him but Jare hit the ground and pulled with all his strength. The body came flying over his head and he slammed it into the ground. The creature was stunned but not dead. Jare drew a blade and planted it right into the curved skull of the beast.
There was no time to rest because the Stires charged him. Six arms slashed at him all at once. He stepped back and fell over the body. A Stire jumped over and Jare rolled in time to avoid its claws. A blade strike to the leg and the Stire fell beside him. Jare was up before the others could pounce. They tried to circle and catch him between them. The wounded Stire scrambled to its feet and tried to join the fight. When it came at him, Jare slid around behind while wrapping his arms around its body. He flung it at one of the Stires and they fell back from the collision. Jare immediately ran at the remaining Stire and swung his blades. It managed to block two strikes but the third hit it right in the neck.
Jare turned back as the last two scrambled to their feet. He moved around behind the body of the dead creature and waited. One of the Stires tried to jump the body but Jare simply raised one of its sharp legs and impaled the Stire on it. All that was left was the wounded one. It obviously didn't have any sense of self-preservation because it limped toward him to attack. Jare didn't even let it get close. He threw a blade and it stuck right in the Stire's chest.
After retrieving his blade, Jare continued toward the eastern edge of the city. Finally, he came up on the back of Vorretenna soldiers driving the Brown warriors to the bay. The fight spilled out onto the sand of the beaches.
A soldier finally noticed him following. "The danger to the people is over. You may return to your home."
"Have you killed the king?"
"Their king sailed back to the island. His invasion is defeated. I will tell you once more. Go home."
"Yeah, that's not happening until this is over."
Jare was about to go around when the soldier drew his sword and pointed it at his chest.
"Disobey another direct order from a soldier of Vorretenna and you will be arrested or worse."
"Listen, I'm on your side but I have to go after the king. I have been searching a long time for him."
The soldier came toward him quickly. "On your knees now!"
"This is wasting too much time."
Jare deftly knocked the end of his sword up and grabbed the hilt out of the soldier's hand with lightning quickness. The soldier stood there in shock. Much to Jare's dismay, the rest of the soldiers were watching what happened and came to aid their comrade.
Somehow, Jare was now fighting a group of men from the city he was trying to protect. This became one of the most challenging obstacles yet. He had to end this conflict without killing anyone. The soldiers of Vorretenna were well trained but still no match for him. He quickly disarmed them one by one. Every time he took a sword he would throw it back toward the city.  Hopefully, it would take them a while to find every weapon in all the debris. After a few minutes, twelve soldiers stood there with no weapons.
"Who are you?" one of them finally asked.
"I'm Night's Justice and I am trying to help."
All the soldiers turned and stared at the one who tried to arrest Jare. He just shrugged his shoulders.
"How was I supposed to know? We are supposed to send civilians home."
"How did you managed to drive them back? From what I've seen you were greatly outnumbered."
"We were losing, badly. The city was on fire and our forces were retreating to the center of the Cross. Then their advance just stopped. Someone forced their king to abandon his army and sail back to Royal Island. Then we got word of teenagers engaging the enemy by themselves.  Our soldiers rallied and began beating them back."
"Teenagers? Sounds like they stormed the enemy without thinking of the consequences."
"Probably but it worked and Vorretenna is saved. We will still have to put out the fires and rebuild but we will survive. I thank these young warriors, whoever they are."
"Any word on where they are now?"
"One of our captains gave them a boat to sail to the island. They insisted on pursuing the king."
"What? You've got to be kidding me. Won't listen to anything."
The soldiers were dumbfounded as Jare suddenly sprinted toward the main harbor. He ran past bodies and more groups of soldiers who were doing there best to maintain order. The invasion of Vorretenna was over but the war was a long way from finished. Jare came to the harbor and started looking for a boat.
"You there," called another soldier. "Get away from the water. No one sails today."
"I need a boat. The king has gone to the island and I have to stop him."
"You? And what makes you so special?"
Jare hated having to give this reason but it was becoming more frequent. "I'm Night's Justice. Now give me a boat and get out of the way."
"Why should I believe..."
Jare was growing tired of this so he extended his hand and gently knocked the soldier over with his invisible wall.
"Well, that's something new," yelled a familiar voice. "He is Night's Justice."
Jare turned and saw Cara sitting on a table with her ankle elevated. He was overjoyed to see her and ran to her side. He squeezed her so tight that he heard her gasp a little. It had been a long time since he was so excited to have a friend.
"I'm glad to see you're the sensible one," Jare said. "They should not have gone. I told you all to wait for me."
"I would be with them if I hadn't gotten hurt. Besides, there is no time to wait anymore. We can't let Fedrire get away."
"How long have they been gone."
"It's been about half an hour. They should be on the island by now."
"I have to get to them quickly. Can you get your soldier friends to get me a boat?"
"Captain! My friend has to go to the island. If anyone can defeat the king, it is him."
"I have already let your friends go against my better judgment," he answered. "There is no way I will let any more civilians on the bay."
"He is Night's Justice."
The captain looked stunned but he came to his senses quickly.
"I will get him a boat right now."
Jare turned back to Cara. "How did you get hurt?"
She got red in the face and turned away.
Jare persisted. "Cara. What did you do?"
"It was more of what we did. You see, I climbed to the top of a tower and had to guide an arrow all the way out into the bay where Fedrire's ship was anchored."
"You extended yourself without me to guide you?"
"I hit him the first time so I'm making good progress."
"Whoa, wait. The first time?"
"Yeah. I tried again since I just got him in the leg. I missed the second time but it still hit the deck of the ship."
"You're not the sensible one. How could you do that twice? You're lucky it didn't kill you. That still doesn't explain your ankle."
Cara dropped her head again. "You see that big pile of stone blocking the East Cross? That's the remains of several buildings and the tower I was on. Graybon had to strike the ground with his ax to save us from a large force of Browns. I might have had to ride the tower down and jump when it crashed into other buildings."
"Now he's doing it on his own, too. And it almost killed all of you. Don't listen to me. What do I know? I'm only the most feared warrior in the world."
"Getting a little conceited are we? Sounds like you're starting to like the Night's Justice legend."
"Just don't do it again. It was years before I mastered control and even then I didn't feel totally comfortable on my own for a long time. You've been working on it for a couple of weeks."
"I promise I won't do it again. While I'm here. Healing my ankle. With no enemies in sight."
Cara gave him a wicked smile and he couldn't help but grin back. He failed to mention to her that even though he worked on it for years he almost killed himself many times practicing when he was forbidden to do so. He guessed they really were like him after all. Jare leaned over and kissed her on the forehead.
"I've got to go. I'll make sure they return safely."
"And you too. You don't have to go into every fight determined to sacrifice yourself. The world needs you. We need you."
Jare nodded, smiled, and turned to the bay. The captain pointed toward a small boat that he could sail. Jare thanked him and boarded. He raised the small sail and caught the wind. The boat quickly cut through the water and he was on his way. It seemed to take forever to cross the western part of King Lezier's Bay. Royal Island was huge and he didn't know exactly where to start. Most likely, Fedrire was hiding in the old castle but he could be headed to any of the forts to make an escape to the ocean.
When the beach came into view, Jare saw a group of people gathering. There was another boat that undoubtedly belonged to Saris, Tyranik, and Graybon. Jare came ashore and realized they were soldiers from the forts.
"Where have the teens from this boat gone?" he asked.
One of the wounded answered, "They've gone to the castle. The evil king attacked the forts from there. He has some power that he doesn't want to lose."
"How long?"
"We helped them plan their route and entry points so they have only been gone about fifteen minutes."
"What's the fastest way to the castle?"
"Follow the northern trail. It's the flattest path and you can move faster on foot. It will take you right to the front of the castle."
Jare took off in a run.
The same voice called to him, "Hey! You don't know how to get in the castle without being seen. You have to stay out of sight."
Jare called back, "Staying hidden is my specialty. I'm the..."
"Never mind," he muttered to himself.
It had almost become a habit now. He never referred to himself by that name before but now it seemed to be coming from his mouth over and over. Was he really getting that conceited? That was a question he would have to answer another day.



THE KING OF THE WOLIRES
One of the able-bodied soldiers from Fort Duch led them off the main path to a side entrance of the castle. Saris, Tyranik, and Graybon were now on their stomachs peering through some bushes trying to identify the best way forward.
"Still a lot of guards on this side," Tyranik said bleakly.
"It won't be easy getting inside quietly if we have to take them out," Saris noted.
"If we hit them here then all secrecy will be lost."
Worback crawled up to them. "Let us draw them all to the front courtyard. We attack and you three slip in."
"You'll be outnumbered," protested Saris. "It's a suicide mission."
"Ahh, have you grown that fond of me already? We all knew this was a suicide mission when we loaded the wagons. I just thought the end would come a lot sooner back in Vorretenna. It's clear you three are different. You must get inside and end this. No one else can."
"Try to survive. And yes, I have grown fond of you."
"I will do my best."
Worback smiled and crawled back to his men. The soldier who led them this far saluted and followed. Saris hated seeing new friends go off to battle without her. It was always a sickening feeling to know that you may never see them again.
"I guess we just wait?" asked Graybon.
"With Worback, I'm sure we'll know when it's time," answered Tyranik.
He was right. After a few minutes, they heard a loud crashing sound coming from near the front gate. Saris knew immediately that the distraction was starting with one of those statues coming down. Battle cries came over the trees as the men rushed the front gates of the castle. Steel clanging against steel let them know that the fight had begun. Everyone now focused on the Browns guarding the side entrance. Their attention was drawn to the battle going on in front but they did not move. It appeared they would not deviate from their orders even if it meant leaving their fellow Wolires to fight on their own.
"Well, it's no secret that we are here," observed Tyranik. "Even if we take them out, the attention will be focused on the front gate."
Graybon was ready. "Let's go then. Time to finish this."
"Let's do the Jare cocky walk up to the enemy."
"Yeah. I've been dying to do that."
Sometimes they still acted like little kids. Saris couldn't believe they were worried about how they looked at a time like this. It was cool though, the way Jare would just stride up to a group of warriors with no fear in his heart. The boys were already up and strolling toward the side gate.
"Might as well," Saris said to herself.
She caught up with them and walked to the fight with the confidence of someone who had taken out an entire army. Which they had.
The Browns readied themselves behind the gate. Everything about the castle was old like most castles in Redton. The gate crumpled under one blow from Graybon's ax. They let the enemy charge. Six attackers were no longer much of a challenge for them. Graybon downed two with one swing of his ax. Tyranik took only two slashes with his sword to take down the middle two. Saris stabbed one, spun, and then impaled the other with her short sword. Just like that, they were inside the castle.
The sounds of Worback's battle still echoed from beyond the walls. There was no time to worry about that now. The attention from the Wolire forces was focused on the courtyard. Now was the time to get inside. They entered through a side door and wound their way around the dark hallways. After a few minutes, they heard voices. The pillars provided adequate cover to watch and listen.
"You and your brother have caused this disaster," boomed the voice of Fedrire. "Your defeats have cost me half of my army."
"And your defeat cost you the other half," snapped a wicked female voice.
"Don't speak to your father and king like that. I don't lose battles. The incompetence of my generals loses battles."
"All your generals are dead so that just leaves you to lead. Tell me, how are you going to defeat these young warriors who are undoubtedly coming for you?"
"I can handle four children."
"Including the child that stuck an arrow in your leg?"
"Your disrespect annoys me. I will deal with that when our conquest is finished. You took care of the one they call Night's Justice. These four will be this world's last stand."
"How do you plan on defeating the Virason who actually rule this world?"
"They hide in their hills. I will have time to build a new army and crush them."
"It sounds like you have everything under control. I will go ahead and start assembling our armies that are still located in other lands."
"Oh no my daughter, you will stay here with me."
A wave of emotions raced through Saris. What did it mean that she took care of Night's Justice? This was his daughter, Tornmire. She was rumored to be the most dangerous of all the Wolires. Was she strong enough to kill Jare? The doubt and fear had to be pushed away again. Saris angled to get a better view. Fedrire was surrounded by six more of the Nimian Priests. He was drawing power from the dead like she had seen with Fitemire at the Dark Castle.
"The children are at our gates," Tornmire continued. "We shall find out soon enough how strong we really are."
"Let them come. I especially want to snap the neck of the one who shot me with this arrow."
Graybon could not take waiting any longer. The threat against Cara would be answered here and now. He stepped from behind his pillar and began walking toward them both.
"The children are in your throne room," he barked. "Actually, in King Lezier's Throne Room. He would not want you here. This is your last chance to get out."
"I will not be going anywhere today," Fedrire answered. "Time to die, boy. Tornmire, take care of our young problem."
"I thought you said you could take care of the children," Saris said mockingly as she stepped out into the light.
"I like her already," laughed Tornmire as she drew her sword. "I almost don't want to kill you."
"No more talk. Kill them now," bellowed Fedrire.
Tornmire advanced on Graybon and her sword struck his ax. She danced around him and turned in time to block Saris' blow. Another quick sidestep and she was dueling with Tyranik. She blocked his sword and delivered a swift kick to his stomach that sent him to the ground. Before she could move in Graybon was back at her heels and forced a block of his ax. Tyranik scrambled to his feet while Saris moved in for her next strike. Tornmire blocked her sword, then Graybon's ax, and Tyranik's sword again. She moved swiftly and did not make any mistakes. No opening presented itself to strike her in the body or head. Her graceful moves reminded Saris of how Jare could run, fight, and leap seemingly with no effort.
The dance continued around the throne room floor. The three of them together could match her skill. Tornmire could never find an opening either. Every time she tried to attack one, another forced her to defend. Saris thought it could come down to a war of stamina. Tornmire must have thought the same thing.
"Will you miss Night's Justice?" she asked while backing. "How will the world go on without its greatest hero?"
She was trying to get their emotions to cause a mistake. Saris was not going to let that happen.
"One thing he taught us was mind games," she answered Tornmire. "We have seen the worst so your taunts will not affect us."
Saris hoped she was right. Graybon tended to get emotional quickly and Tyranik was known for his temper at Grittenod.
"Is that so? Are you the girlfriend of the Night's Justice? You seem to know a lot about him. I wonder if you know how soft his lips are. He enjoyed mine before I defeated him."
"You are a liar."
It did make Saris mad that she was saying all these things. So maybe Tornmire could still get to her. Saris darted forward and swung three times forcing her to block. At the same time, Tyranik came flying in from the side and Tornmire had to duck and dive to avoid his sword. Graybon tried to bury his ax in her twice while she was on the ground but Tornmire managed to roll away both times. A leg sweep brought Graybon down and Saris just got her sword in front of his chest to block Tornmire's blade from slashing through him. Quickly she was to her feet again running to the other side of and jumping on a table.
"No, you're not his girlfriend," she taunted. "I don't see the jealousy in your eyes. I do see anger. You don't like that I touched him but it's not that kind of love. You look a lot like him. Is he your brother?"
"Yes."
Even if Jare was dead, she would not betray him. She told him he was family and that would be the truth until the end. Even if that end was very near.
"This is quite an interesting situation. Your brother and my brother are both gone. Tell me. Which one of you delivered the killing blow to Fitemire. I actually want to thank you."
"Only one of us delivered any blows to your brother," interjected Tyranik.
"Did you defeat him by yourself?" asked Tornmire with surprise.
Tyranik smiled. "No. Saris did. No help from either of us. She found him and killed him in that dark dungeon. That is his tomb now."
"Now I really like you. He was an embarrassment to me. You have saved me a lot of headaches."
"He had also drawn power through his priest. Saris destroyed him anyway."
"You definitely are the sister of Night's Justice."
Then she leaped from the table and almost cut Tyranik in two. The master of misdirection had almost succeeded again. Tornmire was an expert at getting her opponents talking. Even Patral needed a huge secret and surprise to corner them. Tornmire was doing it just with her words. Tyranik managed to jump back and stumble down some steps to avoid getting sliced up. Graybon rushed her from behind but she ducked to the left and swung her sword around toward his back. Graybon ducked and the sword flew right over his head. She quickly kicked him in the back and sent him sprawling to the ground.
Saris intercepted her and now the two were entangled in their own dance with swords. Saris moved faster than she ever had in her life. She wasn't thinking but reacting to every movement Tornmire made. The swords crossed and withdrew then crossed again. Over and over an unimaginable speed. A swipe at the legs, a stab at the chest, an overhead swing happened again and again. The two forgot everyone else was there as their elegant duel played out. Finally, Saris seized an opportunity. Tornmire glanced over to see the boys advancing and Saris caught her in the jaw with a well-timed punch. She stumbled backward and looked slightly dazed. Saris was about to lunge and deliver a final blow when a bellowing laugh shook the throne room.
Fedrire's voice rang out through the castle. "Very good my children. You are every bit the equal of my daughter. But now I am the most powerful being in this world."
The aura that emanated from Fedrire was more intense than anything Saris had ever seen. The fight with Tornmire served one purpose. It kept them busy long enough to allow him to reach his full might. Now it appeared he was stronger than anyone or anything they had ever fought. Fedrire stared at his hands admiring his new strength. He lifted his sword to his eyes and smiled. Finally, he turned his gaze back to his new enemies.
"I planned to take this world by armies and war but you put an end to that. I guess I should thank you. By becoming a source of hope, it will make my victory over you that much more demoralizing to your people. They will also see me conquer the land and not these disappointing foot soldiers I assembled. Yes, by forcing me to reveal my true power you will make sure that the countryside knows me and trembles."
Saris tried to look brave. "I hope you are ready. We and this world will fight you to the end."
"Yes, little girl, I am ready and you are first."
"No. I'm first," came a familiar voice from beyond the room.
Fedrire looked stunned as the turned to the new foe. Saris was overcome with pure joy when she watched Jare stride out of the shadows. Tyranik and Graybon were right. He did have an arrogant walk. It suited him well. Confidence radiated from his slight smile as he strolled right up to the evil king.



KING LEZIER'S THRONE ROOM
Jare allowed himself to feel some relief. He made it in time. Everyone was still alive. Fedrire had absorbed a lot of power but it also made him overconfident. He was underestimating his friends. From the looks of things, it had been quite a battle already. Saris, Tyranik, and Graybon were bruised and cut. Tornmire was dirty and scraped up. This fight must have been all over the place. Everyone was breathing hard. Everyone except Fedrire. It was typical of a ruler. Let someone else fight his battles and the swoop in at the last second to take the glory. That wasn't going to happen today.
"Jare, so happy you could make it," taunted Tornmire. "I've been telling your little friends here how close we've become."
"I trust they were smart enough not to allow your taunting to have any effect," he replied.
Saris looked at him like a mother about to scold her child. "Did you kiss her?"
Jare didn't want to discuss this. "Really? You want to talk about this now?"
Tornmire continued, "Jare kissed me several times."
"Jare?" Saris asked. "She calls you Jare, too?"
He'd had enough. "Okay, that's it, Torn. I'm here for your father."
"Torn? You have a nickname for her already? You did kiss her."
"It's not what you think. I had my blade to her throat."
"So you forced her to kiss you? That's even worse."
"No, I didn't force her. She's crazy. Can we get back to confronting the evil please?"
"This is so much fun," said Tornmire. "We have to all get together sometime when we aren't trying to kill one another."
"Enough of this!" screamed Fedrire. "You told me he was dead!"
"No. I told you I took care of him. Which I did. I delayed him long enough to give you time to take the city and build your power source. You failed to accomplish any of your goals."
"I will kill you when all of this is over, daughter. I do not tolerate betrayal by my own family. As for you, Night's Justice, I will not let you walk away like my daughter did."
Jare replied, "I hope you fight better than your armies. It seems all you've known since you came to our world is defeat. Not sure how you can still be so confident in your abilities. I guess that's what crazy is."
"I will make you feel pain beyond what you could ever imagine."
Jare smiled as he thought of his loved ones that were long gone. "That's going to be tough to do."
Jare drew his blades and walked toward Fedrire. He did not rush and attack because he always wanted his opponent to move first to gauge speed and strength. Fedrire called in more reinforcements. Eight more Stires emerged from behind the old throne. Obviously, the king preferred to always have the numbers.
"Attack them now. You too, Tornmire," he commanded.
The Stires immediately went for his friends while Tornmire and Fedrire moved in on him. The king finally advanced and swung his sword. The speed was slightly slower than Tornmire and Jare blocked it easily with both blades but the force sent him to one knee. So power was going to be his game. That was typical of a tyrant. They never seemed to realize how dangerous it was to face speed and cunning. Tornmire slid up behind and swiped at his head. Jare ducked and spun while still on one knee. He brought both blades around at her legs but she stabbed he sword straight down into the floor and blocked his strike. She backpedaled quickly out of range as Fedrire ran at him. Jare stayed on a knee and slid slightly to the left to avoid a downward cut. He then lowered his shoulder and drove up through Fedrire's thigh. The king flipped completely over and landed on his back.
Jare glanced around and saw Saris, Tyranik, and Graybon battling the Stires. Two of the four-armed creatures were already dead and a third fell as Graybon buried his ax in its chest. The teens had it under control. The bigger problem was how to kill the evil king with Tornmire at his side. His attention had to be split between two powerful foes. One mistake and it would be over.
Jare tried to stab Fedrire while he was on his back but Tornmire kicked his hand causing the blade to strike the ground right by the king's head. A punch from Fedrire sent Jare flying across the room.
"So, I guess the great Night's Justice is not invincible," Fedrire cackled arrogantly.
Jare saw Tornmire look at him with disbelief. She knew that any time an advantage was gained you had to use it. The useless taunts only allowed Jare to catch his breath. She glanced at Jare and shook her head. They both knew that Fedrire had missed an opportunity. He couldn't help but smile back. She was a true warrior and probably despised stupidity in battle as much as he did.
Fedrire lunged forward but Jare was quicker. He faked a sword strike then slid to the side and extended a foot. The king went tumbling from one of the oldest tricks you learn as a kid. He got up and screamed in anger then charged again. This time he slowed as he neared Jare to avoid the same fate. This presented the opening and Jare darted forward before Fedrire knew what was happening. A quick slash to the stomach sent blood dripping to the floor. Fedrire stumbled but recovered instantly. The wound was not lethal but it was effective.
Tornmire sensed the inevitable. "I believe this encounter will not end favorably for me. I'll meet up with you some other time."
"You're not going to stick around for the conclusion?" Jare asked her. "It's getting interesting."
"I don't think you need me anymore. You have it well under control. I'm not sure your little sister likes me much and she appears ready to drive her sword into my chest."
Jare looked around and saw that Saris, Tyranik, and Graybon had dispatched all the Stires.
"You know I will have to come after you."
"I hope so."
Tornmire called for her flying creature and jumped onto its back. She gave him one more devilish smile and then flew out through a huge hole in the ceiling.
"I've got to get an animal that can fly," Jare muttered to himself.
The four friends circled Fedrire. The king was bleeding and hurt but still very dangerous. Tyranik moved in and crossed swords with the wounded conqueror. Graybon followed with a might blow of his ax but Fedrire still was able to deflect the strike. Saris slid at his legs causing him to leap back and this was when Jare struck. As Fedrire landed, Jare drove a blade into his side. The king screamed again and tried to leap away toward the throne. Jare was about to follow and end it when a familiar flickering of light filled the throne room.
A soft hum and gradual increase of light told him what was happening. He looked around to see the Traveler's Gates appear. The lights of the gates grew brighter and brighter. A new wave of dread filled him. If the Wolires in their homeworld still could control the gates, this battle could indeed go in the favor of Fedrire. The evil king must have sensed that, too.
"Ah, my kin have found another way. You will now die as my kingdom begins in your world."
The gates slowly opened and everyone waited for what was waiting on the other side. Nothing came through. The pulsating light kept getting more intense. Still nothing. No armies, priests, or creatures entered their world. The gates didn't bring anything but it seemed to want something.
Jare couldn't wait any longer. He had to kill this king before anything else could go wrong. He turned and advanced on the king when he hit a wall. It was like his invisible barrier but also something different. Jare could not move forward at all. It was like he was stuck in place. Fedrire could kill him easily if he didn't find a way out of this soon.
Then the unthinkable happened. Jare felt a pull on his entire body and he started sliding toward the gates. Slowly he slid across the floor. Jare tried to dig his feet into the ground but the force pulling him was too strong. He extended his invisible wall toward the gate but there was no effect. Jare's eyes went wide with disbelief. The Traveler's Gates was going to send him through to some other world. The evil king sensed a victory and tried to get to Jare while he was trapped. Tyranik and Graybon took the fight to Fedrire. Together they stopped the king's advance and traded blows with him. Jare dug in even harder. It didn't matter. The gates continued to pull him closer. In a last ditch effort, he drove one of his Trynt blades into the floor and held on with all his strength. Saris appeared at his side, eyes wide with fear. She was standing normally showing no effects from the power of the gates. Saris grabbed his arms and tried to pull but her strength was no match for the gates. Jare had managed to stop his body for a few seconds by anchoring his blade into the floor but his grip was starting to give. He wasn't going to make it. He looked into Saris' eyes and smiled.
"You are the reason I do this. You and Tyranik. Cara and Graybon. You have something I lost and can't get back. That's what drives me."
"Don't let go," she pleaded. "We can stop this."
Jare held tight to the blade with his left hand and reached out to Saris with the right. She took his hand in hers. Graybon and Tyranik were still locked in a duel with the wounded King of the Wolires. There was nothing more Jare could do to help them but he gauged the situation just the same. Tyranik opened a huge cut on Fedrire's arm and Graybon followed with an ax blow to his shoulder. The king still had power left which kept him from falling but it would not be long now. Jare smiled again. Weeks ago he would not have dared to let these kids take on a challenge like this. They were no longer kids in his eyes. He turned back to look one more time into the eyes of Saris. Eyes that looked so much like his own.
"Don't let go," she begged him a final time.
Jare pulled her hand to his lips and kissed the top of it gently. Then he said the words that had echoed inside his head for years. "I know you won't let go so I will."
Jare released Saris' hand then he let go of his Trynt blade that was still stuck in the floor. The power of the gate pulled him quickly but gracefully to the opening. He kept his eyes locked on Saris. The light grew brighter around him and out of the corner of his eye he saw the gates swing wide. The last sight of his world was the face of Saris before the white gates slammed shut. Immediately, the light around him became blinding. Jare closed his eyes and felt himself hurtling through emptiness.



AN UNCERTAIN FUTURE
Saris saw Jare's face, blinding white light, and then the doors of the gates slam shut. Just like that, he was gone. This time it might be for good. The Traveler's Gates chose Jare. If they ever allowed him to return was anybody's guess. All she could rely on now was myth and rumor about the gates. It seemed fitting that the gates had chosen Jare. If anyone could help others in a foreign world, it was him. A tear formed in her eye and a smile on her face thinking of the short time she had known him.
The world came crashing back into focus quickly. The fight with Fedrire was not over. Tyranik and Graybon circled the badly wounded evil king. The power was fading from him with each gash to his body. The boys were cut and scraped but otherwise unharmed. Fedrire held them at bay with his long sword but Saris saw the opportunity. The anger flared up inside of her. This foreign king, with his tampering, had caused the Traveler's Gates to appear. Now the gates had taken her friend. Saris sprinted at Fedrire as he raised his sword to attack Tyranik. She leaped high into the air. Fedrire caught sight of her in time and swung his sword back through the air. Tyranik screamed as the sword neared Saris. Then she focused her energy. The sword passed completely through her body as if she was just a cloud of smoke. Then her sword came down right into the throat of the king. He couldn't even cry out in agony. Saris landed beside him and looked up into his shocked eyes. An instant later, those same eyes rolled back into his head. The leader of the invasion went limp and crumpled lifelessly to the floor. Saris walked over to the body and pulled her sword out of his neck.
Her eulogy was quick and sarcastic. "So much for the conqueror of worlds. All hail Fedrire, the dead King of the Wolires."
"What just happened?" asked Graybon.
"Jare always said we knew our strengths even if we didn't realize it. I've managed to avoid getting hit by arrows and knives by allowing them to pass right through me. I was never sure how or if it was really happening. Now I am sure."
"That was really dangerous," chided Tyranik. "Why am I the only one who listens and doesn't risk my life using this power?"
Saris asked, "Do you know what yours is?"
"I'm working on it."
"I think we will all have to practice together now. We need to master what's inside of us and use it. Together we can help and protect each other. Hopefully, we won't all kill ourselves."
"That would be preferable."
"What do we do with him?" asked Graybon. "We need to bring the body so none of their priests can draw energy from him."
Saris answered, "I'm sure we can find an old cart to bring the body to the boats. Then it's back to Vorretenna."
"And back to Cara. I'm missing her already."
"Me too."
They walked in silence toward the shores of Royal Island. Worback and several others who survived the assault on the main gate were waiting for them. The body of the slain invader was thrown on a cart and wheeled toward the water. Cheers greeted them as they stepped onto the beach. It was hard to get too excited after the loss they had suffered. The boat ride back to Vorretenna was a blur to Saris. The end of their journey was hard to wrap her mind around. Even though it had only been about a month, it felt like a lifetime ago when her father sent them out to find the warrior known as Night's Justice.
The harbor of Vorretenna was a welcome sight. People were scurrying everywhere and the streets seemed alive again. A welcome party comprised of city leaders awaited them. In the middle was the familiar smiling face of Cara. There were many handshakes and congratulations as they came ashore but the best feeling was hugging her. The four of them were together at the end just like when they started. The government leaders insisted they attend a banquet that night honoring the great victory. They were escorted to the home of a wealthy merchant to rest before the night's celebration. Finally, they were alone. The weight of the journey hit them.
"What happened to Jare?" asked Cara.
"The Traveler's Gates reappeared," answered Saris. "It chose him. He is a Swordsman of the Gates now."
"So he went through?"
"He didn't have a choice. The gates took him. The pull was so powerful that no one could fight it."
"How did it keep from pulling all of you in?"
"It had no effect on us. Nothing else felt its power. The only one it wanted was Jare. He tried everything to stay. He even tried to use his blade."
Saris pulled the Trynt Blade from her side. It had not retracted back into its hilt. Since Jare was gone the blade was frozen at that length. She would keep it safe in case he ever returned.
"Do you think he is gone forever?" asked Graybon.
Saris thought for a moment. "I don't know. All we knew about the gates before was from old stories. Calon was our best source of information but now that is gone."
"Some rumors spoke of a choice," offered Tyranik. "There is always some truth to these ancient legends. Maybe someday he will get that choice."
Everyone nodded in agreement and hope. Hope was all that had left. Eventually, Saris and the others would have to face the possibility that Jare would never make it back to Redton. She could tell everyone was thinking the same thing but now would not be a good time to dwell on it.
The rest of the day passed quickly and soon it was time for the celebration. Music could be heard coming from all over the city. Men, women, and children danced in the streets. The party was taking place on every branch of the Cross. They couldn't walk two steps before they were being hugged and thanked for saving so many lives. The funerals for the fallen would come tomorrow but tonight was for the celebration of life. It took well over an hour for them to make it all the way to the center of the Cross where the main banquet would be taking place.
A giant table was set up right in the middle of town. All the leaders of Vorretenna had gathered and were arranging the seating order. There seemed to be quite a few arguments about who would be seated closest to the teen warriors. When the leaders noticed Saris and her friends, there was a mad dash to shake hands and give their thanks. Everyone had an offer to make as well.
"Come work for me..."
"I will make you a partner in..."
"Will you speak for my..."
Saris and Cara even got marriage offers for sons of the rich. Tyranik and Graybon did not look pleased. Then several fathers tried to engage them to their daughters. The anger turned to fear and a look of "get me out of here."
Eventually, they were able to make it to their seats with the Steward of Vorretenna right in the middle of the four. He was a tall man in his fifties with slightly graying hair. He was dressed in the finest robes of the city. He had the look of a politician so Saris knew more deals and business proposals were coming.
"Our heroes," greeted the steward. "My name is Noletir, Steward of Vorretenna. Welcome to our celebration of your great victory."
"It was a great victory for all of us," countered Tyranik. "The soldiers of the city fought bravely beside us. We would not have succeeded without them."
His words were cutting and showed a not so subtle disdain for the politicians around them.
"Of course. Tonight we are celebrating all of our heroes. The survivors and those who now rest."
Tyranik nodded temporarily appeased. Saris shared his dislike for people who always wanted something but she was going to have to talk to him about being more discreet.
"Please come, we have places waiting for you," Noletir continued unfazed. "Soon I will speak to the city and then the feast may begin."
At this point, Saris realized how hungry she was. The latest fight lasted most of the day so food was the furthest thing from her mind. Now it was the most important thing to her. Noletir signaled to his advisors and horns sounded calling everyone to attention.
"Citizens of the great city of Vorretenna. We have come together tonight to celebrate the victory over those who would conquer and enslave us."
The cheers erupted and filled the night sky.
"This will be a tribute to those who saved us and a time of honoring those who sacrificed so that we might live."
Saris couldn't help but wonder where Noletir had been while others were sacrificing. She doubted it was anywhere close to the fighting. Most likely, he paid for one of those carts headed out of town.
"This day began with an invasion from an evil force bent on our destruction. The king sent his forces..."
Saris' mind drifted away. She lived through the battle so there was no need to listen to a recap. Noletir droned on and on about Vorretenna's mighty soldiers and the great evil attacking their land. Cheers came often, especially when he paused and waited for them. Saris could only think about food and then sleep. She was so lost in her own thoughts that she almost missed him thanking her individually.
"Saris, who delivered the final blow to Fedrire."
The cheers erupted and she finally realized she needed to stand. Tyranik, Cara, and Graybon were already on their feet. Evidently, Noletir had already introduced them. Saris gave a long wave to the gathered citizens and they applauded for several minutes.
"Were you asleep?" Cara asked sarcastically.
"Almost. How long has he talked?"
"Long enough to make any politician proud."
Noletir seemed to be finishing. "So by the sacrifice of our brave soldiers and the courage of our new heroes, we have emerged victorious from this massive invasion in our land."
The cheers began again and Noletir waved for several minutes. Finally, it was time to eat.
During dinner, many important people of the city continued to come by and talk to them. Noletir and his advisors kept a close watch on their new heroes. It was almost as if they considered Saris and her friends their property. That wasn't going to go over well if Noletir demanded that they stay.
The dancing and feasting continued into the night. Many of the city's leaders had a little too much to drink, including Noletir. Jare had always warned them against dulling their senses with ale and wine. There was no better time to attack than when a party was happening. Knowing this, Saris kept an eye out for anyone or anything that looked out of the ordinary. That's how she noticed one man who stayed close to Noletir and kept an eye on the company around him, especially the four teens. He did not have the look of a councilman or any other city leader. Men like this usually operated behind the scenes in the shadows.
"We are not going to grovel to anyone," Noletir revealed. "We can beat back invasions while the Virason sit and watch. You and your friends will be the warriors we need to free ourselves from all kings."
"We can not fight a war for you," Saris answered.
"You are more powerful than anyone can imagine. You can do whatever you want. That will show that arrogant ruler in those hills."
"We are not going to war against the Virason. We worked with them to stop this threat."
"You will listen to me. You're in my city now."
The man in the shadows quickly moved in to stop this conversation. More specifically, to stop Noletir from giving away anything else.
"Excuse me, sir, you are needed in your meeting chambers," he said to Noletir. Several more guards escorted the steward away.
The man turned to them. "I apologize. It appears our city's leader has had too much to drink tonight. He will meet with you in the morning."
"We have to travel to the Krystal Hills in the morning," countered Saris. "The king is expecting us now that the mission has been accomplished."
"Then I ask you to carefully consider what you have heard even if it was spoken under the influence of alcohol. I know you are intelligent. I also know your feelings for the Virason king. I trust you will keep anything said tonight between us. I know you don't want to see another attack on this great city."
He bowed and disappeared into the crowd. Everything about this man put Saris on high alert. There were not many people in this world that were trustworthy and she was sure he was not one of them. One thing was certain, a plan was being formed in Vorretenna. Even if they wanted no part of it, both sides would expect them to choose. All of a sudden the celebration felt wrong and they all went to their rooms for the night.



RETURN TO THE KRYSTAL HILLS
Early the next morning, they were on their way out of Vorretenna by way of the North Cross. Not a lot of damage had been done to the north side of the city so life was continuing on as normal. It was a short distance from the city's edge to Dala's River where they would begin their trip back to the Krystal Hills. As they left, Saris saw the same man watching from the gates. He nodded but Saris turned her head and gave him no acknowledgment. He made her very nervous and this trip couldn't happen fast enough.
Less than an hour later, the river was in sight and a small ship readied to sail them to the hills.  For a few hours, it should be nothing but peace and quiet. The crew was small but somehow those who lived outside of the city found out they were on that ship. The people lined the banks for several miles hoping to get a glimpse of the new heroes. They waved and smiled even though they didn't feel like heroes. They were different, though. Somehow older and wiser. These were not the same kids who trekked into the Old Forest looking for Night's Justice. This must be how he felt. Old beyond their years.
After a while, they left the more heavily populated areas and settled in for the rest of the trip. Several old chairs provided a good place to relax and talk about the future.
"What happens now?" asked Cara. "Relis isn't just going to say congratulations and send us on our way."
"We need to plan like Jare did when we came here the first time," suggested Tyranik.
Saris pondered this a moment. "You mean we need an escape plan. We need to be prepared to fight our way out."
Tyranik nodded.
Graybon was not excited about this. "Why even go at all? We don't owe him anything. He is in debt to us."
"I think that's the problem," offered Cara. "The rest of the world is celebrating the four heroes and forgetting the King of the Virason. He won't like that and won't let it stand for long. He's going to assign us another mission or demand we devote ourselves to him and probably both."
Tyranik shook his head. "If he gives us another mission, it will be something he hopes will get us all killed. If we refuse, he will send the Deadliest after us."
Graybon looked at Saris and Cara. "Will your parents be able to help us? Relis does listen to them."
Saris shrugged. "I don't know. Relis will see us as a threat now. That changes everything."
Graybon sighed. "So we can't run away, we can't continue on, we can't refuse, we can't agree. The options don't appear to be that great."
"Whatever we decide, we are in this together," said Cara. "And besides, Jare has beaten Virason before. Why can't we?"
Everyone laughed and agreed. If a fight was inevitable then it would be a fight worthy of the students of Night's Justice.
As the afternoon grew later, the reflection of the Krystal Hills shown brightly in the sky. The ship had sailed from Dala's River to Lifeblood River. Then it continued through the Mouth of Life up Snow River which flowed through the Krystal Hills. Now it was time to disembark and face the Virason.
A short walk from the river brought them to the same gates they had entered before. Once again, Krysfire rose from behind the gate and then allowed them to enter. Several more appeared and were ready to carry them along but this time Saris wanted no part of being picked up.
"No. We will walk."
The others looked at her strangely but then agreed. It just didn't feel right to Saris to be picked up like a child after all they had been through. Besides, the king could wait a little while longer.  They would arrive in their own time.
A little over an hour later, they finally arrived at the front gates of the palace. The streets and buildings were full of activity. Virason went about their daily lives and gave no notice to the four teenagers in their midst. There was no one to welcome them this time. No Advisors or Wise, not even their own parents. An ominous feeling overtook the group.
"Not much of a welcome for returning heroes," observed Graybon.
"You deserve better," came from a familiar voice behind them.
Kierie came forward to greet them. It was the first acknowledgment since they entered the hills.
"I think we were right to assume this was a no-win situation," Saris said to her. "Fail and we would all be dead. Succeed and the king would see us as a threat."
"You are very observant. There may still be cards you can play to your advantage."
"Patral."
Kierie nodded. "There is a small group of us who have grown less and less trusting of several Deadliest over the last one hundred years. No one dared accuse a trusted servant of the king without proof."
"Be prepared. The accusation is coming."
Saris stepped up to the gate of the palace. The doors swung open and they entered with Kierie by their side. The sparkling crystals seemed a little less beautiful this time around. Gone was the sense of amazement. All that was left was the knowledge that they may now be enemies to the King of the Virason.
The same halls and corridors brought them to the brightly lit throne room of King Relis. There were fewer Virason to greet them this time. Only a few Advisors and Wise were present. Nailite and Syreesa at least came to see them. A few new faces gathered around the throne. Graybon pointed out his mother, Meriza, as they walked forward. No one had to point out the identity of the Deadliest in attendance. The same penetrating eyes and scowl of Tyranik. Quizer had come to see his heroic son. Kierie took her place with a few other Sovereign behind the king.
"My conquering heroes," Relis snorted. "Have you returned for a reward?"
"We haven't conquered anything," answered Saris. "We repelled an invasion. The threat is gone. That's the reward."
"But the threat is not gone. You let the daughter of the invader get away."
Tyranik responded, "She did escape but she is alone. Her armies to the north, south, and on Royal Island have all been destroyed."
"I still don't like a foreign princess loose in my world. I assume you would like another chance to remedy this failure."
Saris looked at the others and shook her head. She tried to convey the message not to take the bait. He wanted an angry response and an excuse to kill. They had to make sure they gave him no such cause.
Cara understood as well. "My king, we are not ready to pursue an escaped princess. We are wounded and need time to recover. We do not have the strength of the Virason. Please give us some time."
Cara's downplaying of their strength seemed to appease Relis for the moment. He leaned back on the throne and considered her words.
"Still, I'm not convinced you put your full effort into following my orders. Otherwise, you would not have allowed her to get away."
"We did the best four mortal children could do," answered Graybon.
"Maybe I should have sent experienced Virason with you to make sure it was done right. Some sort of punishment must still be handed out. I can't have my commands only followed halfway. Maybe some time in the cells would motivate you to be more successful next time."
"Where is Patral?" asked Saris. "I notice she is not with us today."
"The location of my Virason is none of your concern little girl."
"Actually, I believe that it is. Especially, considering she tried to kill us all at the Ruins of Calontine."
Relis stiffened. "You want me to believe a Virason that has served me for thousands of years tried to sabotage my plans?"
"She didn't care at all about your plans. She wanted Night's Justice."
"Why would she care about him? They have no history. I don't think they have ever met."
"Her history with him predates the Night's Justice. Back when he was known as Jare of the Darkstones."
"I've never heard of this Jare."
"No one has. That was the way she wanted it. She found a powerful boy, killed his father, and trained him to be a killer in secret."
"This is an outlandish story designed to smear one of my faithful servants and take the heat off you."
"Really? Where is she then? Do you even know? She knew that if we survived then her plan would be revealed. That's why you haven't heard from her since she left. I'm sure she had a great idea to help the cause which allowed her to ambush us at the ruins."
Relis shared a glance with Syreesa which told Saris that she was right.
She continued, "Think about it, my king. A child of the Virason no one knew about until a few years ago, the same age as Tressar, and just as deadly. Would it be that far fetched to think they were trained by the same person? If they were, why would it be a secret?"
"Where is Tressar now?" Relis asked Quizer.
"Once we arrived back in Redton he requested to go meet with an old friend before joining us back in the Krystal Hills. He has not returned."
Saris continued, "No doubt he is enamored with the possibility that his old friend is still alive. Now ask yourself why would Patral be training two master warriors? Her son would draw no suspicion but the other would get your attention. Patral leading Tressar and Night's Justice. That would be a formidable opponent for anyone."
Relis leaned back again but this time to arrogance had faded.
"You've fought the Night's Justice and you've fought alongside Tressar. What chance would they have against me?"
Quizer pondered this for a moment. "Tressar is as vicious a fighter as I have ever seen and Night's Justice is skilled beyond any Virason, including me. If they were led by Patral, they would defeat any opponent. They must be dealt with."
Tyranik shouted, "Father, Night's Justice wants no part of conquering the Virason. That's why he left her. He hates her."
"He is a threat all the same. Threats must be eliminated and you will not question me, boy."
"I'm not questioning you, I'm just letting you know that you will have to go through me if war is declared on Jare."
Quizer took a step down and placed his hand on his sword. Tyranik stepped forward to meet him. They stared at each other for a second before Relis interrupted again.
"Enough of this. I want Patral and Tressar found. We must get the truth. As for the young heroes, you avoid my dungeons, for now. Be gone but be aware, I will be calling on you again to serve me soon. Next time, there had better not be any failures."
With that, he got up a swiftly left the throne room followed by most of his Virason comrades. Kierie, Syreesa, Nailite, and Meriza stayed behind to talk with the teens. Quizer did not give Tyranik a second look as he made his own way out of the throne room.
"Let's go to my quarters," suggested Kierie. "Too many ears in the palace. No one would dare spy on us in the Sovereigns' Village."
Kierie led them all out of the palace and down a remote path through the hills. They came to a small clearing where Snow River ran through. Many small sparkling crystal houses lined the hills surrounding the clearing. Several Sovereign were talking and gathering water from the river. They acknowledged Kierie as she passed and said hello to the other Virason accompanying her. Finally, they came to her house and entered to discuss their next move.
Syreesa began the discussion. "I do not believe they are safe here. King Relis could deem them too big of a threat to keep alive at any time."
"I would say that scenario is likely," agreed Nailite.
"They will be watched closely," added Meriza. "King Relis may not invade the sanctity of the Sovereigns but it is certain he knows we are all here. He will know exactly when all of us leave. This can appear to be no more than a short visit between parents and their children."
"Most of the parents," growled Tyranik.
Meriza understood his frustration. "You must know it is hard for those of us who fight. We are sent away for years at a time. Quizer does not know if you even want to see him. He is also dealing with the news of Patral. They have fought together countless times. A betrayal of Relis is also a betrayal of the Deadliest. That has only happened a handful of times over the history of the Virason."
Tyranik nodded. "I agree with the assessment of our situation. We must go."
This put an end to the talk about Quizer. Tyranik did not want to think about or discuss him anymore. Saris couldn't blame him. She got frustrated with how little she was able to see her own father and he always made an effort.
"But where is the best option?" wondered Syreesa. "It would be easy to send a Virason assassin into Grittenod if they returned."
"We are not going back to Grittenod," Saris declared to them. "We can't learn more about our gifts there. It is more about conforming to the Virason way than strengthening your powers."
"There is another place," Kierie said. "It is known to only to a few Sovereign. Even I don't know it's location but I know someone who does. The heroes may stay with me tonight and speak with this Sovereign. I believe it is the best chance."
After some more discussion, everyone agreed they would meet this Sovereign and follow that path. A few more hours of visiting and then it was time for their parents to return to the main part of the Krystal Hills. Now all that was left was to wait. Deep into the night, there was a knock on the door. Kierie had left earlier and not returned so this meeting could be conducted in private. Not sure of what would be waiting on the other side, Saris opened the door.
"Hello," said the Sovereign. "I am Tollison. I hear you are in need of some training."
Saris answered, "Please, we don't know how to properly and safely train ourselves with these new found powers."
"I know just the trainer for you. He is a Virason who specializes in helping the mortal children reach their full potential. He knows you will have gifts and he can help you use them."
"There has to be some sort of catch," added Cara.
Tollison smiled. "There is my dear. You must never speak of this again. You may never mention my name or his name to anyone. You must never tell anyone where he is hidden. Many people, including Virason, would love to get their hands on him and his knowledge. Do you agree?"
They all looked at each other and then told him they would accept his offer.
"Good," continued Tollison. "I believe you are the perfect students for him. It is sometimes hundreds of years between pupils. He will think he is in heaven getting four and such a short time after his last."
"Who is this trainer?" asked Graybon.
"His name is Rennison. He is my son. He enjoys training the mortal children of Virason and helping them reach their full potential. I'm not sure if it's because he likes helping people or because he knows they will be a thorn in the side of Relis. Either way, you will grow powerful."
"I'm ready," said Tyranik. "When can we leave?"
"Before sunrise. I will take you out by a way no Virason other than myself knows about. We will board my boat and head east. From there you will sail to the southern continent. More specifically a small island off the coast. There is only one harbor town called Carella and several small settlements. At the town ask them to direct you to the area of Tryntia."
Their eyes got wide and they shared shocked glances. Was this just a coincidence that the name sounded like something they had heard before? Saris instinctively looked at the solid black blade that now hung by her side.
"I see you have made the connection," Tollison added. "Yes, your friend Night's Justice was the last to visit my son and you can see how it worked out for him. Before this invasion, only I and my son knew his name. No wonder he wanted to keep it a secret if Patral is after him. Be ready to go before dawn."
With that, Tollison got up and left quickly. An hour later Kierie returned but did not ask about the meeting. She simply wanted to know when they were leaving. The hour before dawn came quickly. Everyone was wide-eyed and ready to embark on the new journey. Tollison led them to a secret exit in the side of one of the hills. They loaded his boat just like he said and sailed to the ocean. A lone ship waited for them on a remote beach. Tollison wished them luck and gave them a note for his son telling him of their potential. Then they were sailing. Sailing away from the life they had known. Sailing toward their future.



ANSWERING THE CALL
Very quickly the light dimmed and the soaring feeling turned to gently floating. Jare was able to open his eyes and see what looked like the Traveler's Gates coming into view. A floor seemed to form below him as approached. A step appeared at the edge of the gates. Simultaneously, his foot hit the step and the gates swung open to reveal a new world. He stepped through into a forest brightly lit by two moons and many fluorescent flowers.
His survival instincts took over. Scanning the immediate scene took only seconds but revealed everything. No large tracks. This was good. No predators in the immediate vicinity. Small movements caught his eye. Insects, like none he had ever seen before. A lack of stingers and pincers designed for chewing leaves meant they were probably not venomous. Small shapes in the skies above indicated some type of bird. Small as doves based on the distance and size. Most importantly, no sign of any people. Human-like inhabitants would always be the most dangerous. As best as Jare could tell, he was alone.
He carefully moved through the forest trying to avoid disturbing the wildlife that could be around him. He didn't know what rock really had teeth and fangs or what bush could snatch its prey with its limbs. Finally, he came upon a hill within the forest. Higher ground was always easier to defend and to spot potential danger approaching. Few trees grew on the hill so it provided a clear view of the surrounding areas. There still appeared to be no one else around and the hill looked uninhabited. Jare could not allow himself to relax. What gave the impression of being safe and what was actually safe often were two different things.
From the top of the hill, Jare got his first look at the landscape around him. The forest was relatively small. It would take him less than an hour to walk out of it in any direction. The soft glow of many flowers emanated from the forest floor. A valley with a long winding river was laid out before him. Perfect farmland with many villages and a white castle right in the center of the valley. A distant mountain range continued on for miles beyond. The land was bright with the reflection on the two moons. It was almost a perfect picture of a peaceful life. A life Jare had come to desire more and more but that seemed further and further away. It was almost perfect. But Jare could always tell the look of land that had been through a war. The farm houses looked deserted. Many barns and equipment looked like they had burned. The castle itself had damage to its walls and main gate. A war was fought here recently. This must be why the Traveler's Gates brought him to this new land.
Jare had to admit to himself that there was another problem. He was not as strong here. He could sense it. Nothing was wrong. It was not like a sickness or a wound. He just could not do everything he was capable of doing in his homeworld. What exactly that meant was not clear yet but it was just another reason to proceed with caution.
Jare made some more rounds on the hill. Checking and double checking for predators and attackers that were not there. Traveling up and down the hill just kept reminding him how alone he really was. Finally, he realized nothing could stop what he must face.
The moment he dreaded finally came. Jare was certain the area was safe so he would settle in for the night and think. The loneliness hit him hard this time. Thoughts went back to his new family and how he could not join them now even if he wanted to. He wasn't even certain they were still alive. They had the advantage. Fedrire was badly wounded. Jare convinced himself they had defeated the king and saved their world. But now they would be facing Relis alone and the Virason King did not like to honor heroes that were not Virason. Kierie, Syreesa, and Nailite would guide them. They would help the teens handle the king and find a safe place. They would still have each other and Jare would still be alone. Maybe this is how it was supposed to be. Maybe this is how he would go through life until his death. The last few weeks were the exception. This was his normal life and it seemed the universe agreed.
The sounds of the world around him went eerily silent. Jare gazed at the two moons and felt the gentle breeze on his face. There was almost a desperation in the air. He was needed. The song of the night came to him again. It was a new world but he could still hear the call. The darkness asked for him. It wanted him. Like always, Jare answered the voice of the night.
"I'm here.”
###

Thank you for following the adventures of Night’s Justice.  If you enjoyed this book please leave a review with a recommendation at your favorite retailer.  The adventure is not over.  Look for upcoming titles that will further chronicle the journeys of Jare and his friends.  Enjoy the following preview of the next book of the series.
Thanks!
JC Hal

HOPE’S JUSTICE
HOPE’S SHATTERED PRINCESS
She stared out at the lake as the sun began to rise. It was the same routine every day for her weary body. In bed long after the camp had gone quiet and up before dawn was the norm. She had to beat the sunrise. Her people needed to see her. Someone could be looking her way at any time. They needed to see strength and determination. They needed to see the person who radiated hope and saved them from the evil that had invaded their land. There was no one else who could inspire her people like her. She knew it, the entire continent knew it, and the enemy knew it. Although safe for now, the danger was far from over. Driven from their homes, the people looked to her to give them faith in the future. It was an act. She was desperate. Her hope, heart, and soul had been shattered. The responsibility for all the death and loss over the last eight months was threatening to destroy her mind. The screams began ringing in her head. The faces of the dead raced through her mind. She pushed the thoughts away. Not today. Maybe tomorrow the despair would consume her but not today.
Gradually, the light from the sun began peeking over the trees. She started replacing the guilt, fear, and sadness with the plans for the day. Covering her pain with reports, scouting expeditions, and rescue operations had become the only way she could keep going. It was the only way to escape the inevitable destruction of what remained of her kingdom.
Except, something was different last night. The despair left a little bit quicker today. The pain was a little easier to squash. Maybe it was the encouraging words of her brother from the previous night or maybe it was something else out in the darkness. Things looked a little clearer in the brightening morning light. The task ahead was still impossible, the suffering of the innocent was real, and the possibility of extinction was likely. Despite all of this, she decided to face the day with a little more faith. Tomorrow she would probably die. Today she was going to feel good for the first time in a long time.
Jayla, The Third Princess of Kyros, lingered long enough to feel the sun warm her face, and then she turned. Just as she suspected, someone was watching. A small girl with a bucket was staring at the princess. The girl silently mouthed the words Hope of Kyros as she looked on in awe. Jayla gave her a strong smile and then a nod. The girl waved excitedly and then took off as fast as her small legs could carry her. Water from the pail splashed all over the path as she ran.
"Hope," Jayla said to herself. "They must see hope."
She watched the girl until the little one was completely out of sight. Even then Jayla's eyes remained on the empty path. Sometimes she wished she could go back to those days when joy and happiness were found in simple things like an ocean wave or the wind in the trees. It was hard to remember what it was like to be a little girl herself. Her childhood had not lasted long and moping was not going to bring it back. Jayla turned to go into her tent. She paused and looked over her shoulder one last time at the elegance of the rising sun reflected on the lake. This was always her last glimpse of beauty before taking on the burdens of the day.
She forced herself to go inside. The war could not be ignored for long. It was time to take on the day. No one would ever know this tent was the home of a princess. No jewelry covered her wooden shelves. No fancy dresses hung from a wardrobe. No golden wine glasses or plates rested on the table. The bed was small and simple. One pillow with a couple of blankets was all she needed to get through the nights. She didn’t sleep much anyway. Most of her time alone was spent pacing. The most expensive thing she owned at this time in her life was a white sword with a silver hilt. Royal armor was piled in the corner but she wore the clothes of the common soldiers. As the head of the prisoner rescue operations, she needed to blend in with the rest of her warriors. Their missions were carried out in secrecy and stealth was the main priority. Royal armor shining in the sun would be a dead giveaway that an attack was coming. She also didn’t want to put a target on her chest every time she left the camp. It would have been like announcing to their enemies that the Third Princess of Kyros was here. Come get her.
Jayla walked to her mirror and pondered another inconvenience of being a princess. She had to look presentable and confident at all times. Her two older brothers faced the same dilemma each day. She was never more thankful to have siblings than now. Between the three of them, they could keep each other from falling apart. She looked at the reflection and stared into her own hazel eyes. Sadness, she thought to herself. That’s all she could see. Sadness and the rundown look of someone who hadn’t slept in months. Still, something was coming. There was a feeling that hope might reveal itself in surprising places. She smiled and looked at her bright hair. It possessed the special color trait of Kyros Royalty. Usually blond at night when the light came from fire or candlelight but silver when out in the moonlight. When the sun shone down, her hair could look as white as the snow. Jayla loved her hair. It was one of the few things she would allow herself to vainly take pride in. Of course, her brothers’ hair did the same thing since they were of the Kyros royal line but they kept it cut short so the effect was not as great. It did, however, create quite a hazard when leading her missions. Her hair was more of a beacon to her enemies than the armor would have been. She kept it tightly wound and covered when attempting to rescue her people held captive by the Phorines. Sometimes this seemed like an impossible task. No matter what she tried, her hair usually became uncovered and fell when she was in battle. While in camp, her hair was not a danger but another source of inspiration for her people. Until it was time for the next operation, she would leave it down.
Jayla hunched to get a look at the deep gash on her head that was healing. She was taller than most women and quite a few men as well. It helped her look majestic but also hindered her at times on the battlefield. Her wound was a souvenir from her last encounter with the forces of the King of Phorinal. One of his elite Sykra Squad sent her crashing into a tree and the blood poured from her head. Seeing the bright hair of the royal princess stained with her blood energized their forces. It also demoralized the people of Kyros. It was the first rescue attempt that was a failure and Jayla took the defeat hard. The deep cut on her head was much easier to deal with than facing the fact that more and more Kyros citizens were being taken captive. It was also killing her inside that her eldest brother, First Prince Tryna, had put an end to further operations. She knew he was trying to limit the damage but Jayla couldn't help but take it as an indictment of her leadership.
She looked up and down her arms. Several scars showed that she was battle-tested and not afraid to face death. This loss would not define her. Tryna had to resume the rescue missions quickly. One setback could not undo their entire plan to save the kingdom. She would talk to him again today just like she had every day since the failure. He had to relent. He had to see what they were losing by wasting time. Another glance at her arms and tanned skin of summer reminded her that the warm days would be over soon. Autumn was approaching earlier this year and winter was on its way. Once the snow started falling there was no way of knowing how this war would turn. The enemy wouldn't like the cold but they might be able to dig in and defend the castle through the winter.
The Phorines came from the south. Their capital was thousands of miles away and Jayla didn't know if their two kingdoms ever had any contact before this invasion. The Great Desert of Montos separated the Land of the Seasons and the southern areas of their great continent. They swiftly conquered the two smaller kingdoms of Dinan and Fritag just to the south of Kyros. Then they came here. They walked and talked like humans but they were a little bit more. Just a little stronger and a little faster. This gave them an advantage in battle. It must have been a diverse culture like hers because their skin tone varied from legion to legion. Still, their ancestors had to be the same as Kyros. Their hair was light just like every citizen of her land. Somewhere in history, the two kingdoms must have split and now they were enemies.
Speed was their greatest advantage over her forces. The warriors could move swiftly over any terrain. Hills, rocks, mud, none of it mattered. Obstacles that slowed down Kyros soldiers barely had any effect on these invaders. In the early battles, the armies of Kyros were overwhelmed. The Phorines breached the outer defenses with ease and quickly moved inward toward the capital city. The numbers they attacked with were staggering as well. Wave upon wave of Phorine soldiers battered their retreating forces. Ironically, the one weakness that could be exploited was their relatively weak internal systems. It did not take much to deliver a killing blow to a single Phorine. The difficulty was in overcoming their strengths to land that blow. There was not enough time to exploit their vulnerability during the invasion. The only choice was to escape and avoid annihilation. At least, that was the choice for the people of Kyros.
Jayla's father, Chief King Lera, would not surrender the city. Against his children's wishes, he remained with several thousand loyal soldiers who were ready to die with their king. She was the only one of his children to reach him during the fighting and he charged her with saving the people. And so, the Chief King's youngest child, the Third Princess of Kyros obeyed her father's command and left him. She led the people through the Bitor Mountains to the inland Cherin Sea and called on her allies to give the refugees safe passage. The friendships she made over her years of exploring saved Kyros from extinction. Her father and mother never liked the idea of her traveling alone to so many different parts of the land but she never cared much for the proper princess life. A proper lady could not have led the people to safety. Only a warrior could do what she did. For whatever reason, the Phorines did not immediately follow. Maybe what made them good at crossing the deserts hindered them from crossing water. Their culture and motivation was a mystery.
The refugees of Kyros landed on the shores of the Untamed Lands. No civilization could be found for hundreds of miles in either direction. It was perfect for hiding a large group. It also helped that she had explored as much of this land as she could over the years. She neglected to tell her family about the frequent trips into this part of the world. If her father did not like her visiting certain allies, then he would have exploded if he knew about her frequent trips to such savage places. Now her knowledge of this land was invaluable. She led them all over the relatively unexplored country and they never stayed in one place over a couple of weeks. Jayla's daring and curiosity saved her people and kept them safe.
Now it was time to save others. The Phorines would not stop killing and capturing the innocent. The rescue attempts had to resume. Jayla put on her worn-out boots and prepared to meet with General Garcen. He was a young man. Too young to be the top general in the army of Kyros but the decimation left him as the most capable leader of soldiers. There was no denying his gifts as a leader but he was thrust into this role way too soon. She smiled. Many would say the same about her. She was only a few months from turning twenty but already experienced beyond most princes and princesses.
The day was already bright when she stepped out of her tent again. The business of the day was to plan their next attack on Phorine prisoner transports. They were reaching further and further away from Kyros to capture innocents. Jayla could only assume they were being taken for slaves. Anything worse than that was too gruesome to think about. She met with Garcen every day since their last mission. They had come up with a hundred plans and strategies only to be shot down every time by Tryna and his fear of further failure.
The walk up the path was the same as every other day. She passed tents and temporary structures that told the story of their exile. The people nodded and she did the same. Everyone still looked at her with reverence and would clear the path. This only reinforced her desire to get back out there and fight the evil that conquered their land. Finally, she came to the large tent that was used for military meetings. Garcen was already there as usual. He seemed to think that he would be removed if he didn't appear to be the most overworked person in the room.
"I've gotten reports on another raid on a village," Garcen said before she could even make it through the entryway.
Jayla made her way to her usual chair on one side of the table. "When and where?"
"In the middle of the night not more than a day's ride from the edge of the Untamed Lands," he replied.
"They are moving further out from Kyros every day."
"We must meet them now. If they find our camp it won't be to capture slaves. They will try to wipe us out this time."
"Don't you think I know that. Why don't you promote me to Chief Queen and I'll give that order."
Garcen lowered his gaze ever so slightly and she knew her sarcastic reply had been a little too much.
"I'm sorry," she said. "This lack of action has worn my patience down. You're right. We have to convince Tryna that an attack is coming."
Garcen met her eyes and she could see the determination. He was her height with green eyes. His hair was the blonde color shared by most of the people. His nose was slightly crooked after breaking it during the first battles with the Phorines. At twenty-one years old he already held the second-highest-ranking a nonroyal could have. The highest was Commander of Kyros but since the death of the last commander during the time of her great-great-grandfather, no one filled that role. It was a position only given to the bravest of warriors during the darkest of times. Jayla thought she would be perfect as the commander but it was not a title that a royal could hold.
"No need to apologize," he said. "We have all felt the pressure to save our people."
"Hopefully, this news will get the approval that we need to take action."
"I do think we can..."
The sounds of screams cut off Garcen's thought and they both stared at each other wide-eyed for a heartbeat. Simultaneously, they were both on their feet and sprinting outside to find the source of the sound. The cries of agony grew louder from the other side of the outer tents. Then Jayla saw them. Bodies being carried, dragged, and wheeled into the camp. Men, women, and children were wailing from the pain. Blood was everywhere and everyone was scrambling to give some kind of aid.
Jayla began shouting orders. They brought beds from anywhere they could find them. Blankets were laid on the ground for those who couldn't even lift themselves onto a bed. Medical healers were running from all parts of the camp to save the injured. She looked around to make sure everyone was receiving treatment. Already, some were dead. This attack had been vicious and it was meant to send a message. The Phorines were closing in.
Once everyone was being attended, Jayla went to one of the most badly hurt who was still alive. She knelt beside the young woman and placed one hand on her head and the other on the deep stab wound in her chest. Her hands began to glow with a soft blue light. The woman began to breathe a little easier. Jayla could feel the blood and pain. Slowly, the bleeding stopped and the wound began to close. The woman would not be able to move for several days but now she would survive.
One of Jayla's gifts was healing. It was given to her while still a child by a mysterious source. There were few injuries or illnesses that she could not overcome if the patient got to her in time. It required total concentration and took longer than it seemed while she was performing the act. Even now, several others had died.
"How long was I with her?" Jayla asked the nearest attendant.
"Ten minutes," came the reply.
"It's too long. I have to move quickly."
She looked for the next gravely wounded soul. A teen boy, maybe only a couple of years younger than herself, was bleeding profusely from the neck. She ran to him and covered the gash with her hand. The other hand went to his head and she repeated the healing process. Another life was saved as the boy opened his eyes and breathed deeply. A weak smile formed on his lips, he relaxed his body and drifted off to sleep.
Blood covered her now. Her hands and arms were dark red. Her clothes were stained from her boots to her neck. It didn't matter. All that she cared about was saving as many lives as possible.
Jayla continued rushing to every injured soul she could find. Every time she looked for someone new to heal, she saw several others who did not make it. Their time had run out. The helpless feeling was growing stronger and stronger inside of her along with anger. She had no idea how long the entire ordeal lasted or how many of the wounded she was able to save. No matter how high the number of successes, it was not enough.
The sun was directly overhead so it must have been around midday. She kept scanning for more. Someone else was surely in need of her healing. That's when she felt a hand on her shoulder.
"That's all you can do," said a familiar voice. "Everyone is stable or they have passed on."
Jayla looked into the green eyes of her brother. Bersa was two years older and slightly taller. His blonde hair was barely showing the effects of the sun since he liked to keep it cut so short. He was the Second Prince of Kyros meaning that he was the second born child of the king and queen. Once Tryna ascended the throne, Bersa would become Second King, and his fiancee, Turiall, would be Second Queen. Bersa was generally a calming influence on her but he could lose his temper when pushed far enough. If they both lost their temper together, then everyone better take cover. She had no idea when he got there or what he had been doing to help but she assumed it hadn't been long. He had little blood on his clothes of body. News of this disaster must have been slow to reach him.
"So many have died," Jayla said to him.
"I know. I have been surveying the results. The Phorines have grown more vicious."
"There were a lot of children. They are killing everyone now."
"Yes, and I know what you are going to say. I agree with you."
"Then back me when I go to Tryna. If we continue to wait, this will happen to all of us."
Garcen came from checking a group of bodies and approached them. "My prince and princess, I have the numbers."
"How bad is it?" Jayla reluctantly asked.
Garcen lowered his head. "Two hundred were brought in. Eighty-three survived. From talking to the survivors there may be up to one hundred more bodies not far from here."
Jayla looked at Bersa. "Where is Tryna?"
He answered, "He should be getting back soon from his meeting with tribal leaders."
"Let's go to his tent now. I will wait."
"You should clean up and change first."
"No. I want him to see. He needs to know what is coming."
The three of them set off through the camp toward Tryna's tent. The people of Kyros moved quickly out of their way. It must have been an intimidating sight. The Second Prince, the highest-ranking general, and the Third Princess were all marching with a look of determination and anger. Throw in the fact that Jayla was covered in blood from head to toe and it was no shock that several of the small children started crying as they went by. Now was not the time to be concerned about that. Everyone would be a lot more terrified if they did nothing and the Phorines marched into camp.
After several more minutes of walking, they arrived. Tryna was already inside but Jayla was not waiting for permission to enter her brother's temporary home.
"Tryna, we have to talk now!" she demanded as she entered.
Bersa and Garcen followed but they were going to leave this fight to her.
"I have heard," Tryna called from behind his changing curtain.
"Then you know our safety depends on acting now."
"I will not make a decision out of anger or fear in the spur of the moment. We will discuss this calmly..."
His voice trailed off as he stepped into view and looked at his sister. He stared at her blood-soaked clothes, blood-stained skin, and blood splattered hair. The shining white beacon of hope to their people was her hair when she rode into battle and it was almost completely red. This seemed to ignite the fire inside of Tryna that she had been looking for all these weeks. He tried hard to control his emotions and make informed decisions but deep down his temper was worse than all of them. This is what she had bet on.
"Clean yourselves up and get back here quickly," he commanded. "We resume our attacks on the Phorines at nightfall."
No one said a word. They all nodded and stepped out of the tent. Jayla glanced at the others and then she set out alone toward her temporary home. A slight smile formed on her face. She was ready to deliver a blow to the Phorine forces. The past few weeks were some of the lowest times since the invasion. Today they hit rock bottom. The Hope of Kyros had been battered and bruised. The enemy thought they had her. They were wrong. Tonight she would answer. Tonight she would test this new feeling that had come to her. Jayla, Third Princess of Kyros, was still the hope the people needed and that is how she would be remembered. She would not be known to history as the shattered princess.

THE UNKNOWN
Jare sat on the same uncomfortable rock that had served as his observation post for weeks. The trees were thick here at the edge of the forest and it offered a great view of the open land leading up to the castle. He could see for miles and miles from this strategic spot. The valley was relatively quiet this morning. Just like most mornings. The farmhouses were still deserted and the fields empty. Whatever livestock once occupied this prime farmland was now gone. Small settlements that had obviously been inhabited by the poorest of the region were completely void of movement. The winding river that ran through the valley was also free of most normal activity. Occasionally, a boat would make its way down the river to the castle, unload its cargo, and then be off again quickly. The mountain range beyond the castle was classically beautiful. All the browns and greens of a forest on the lower half and the snow-covered peaks gave the impression of a painting you would see in the finest museums. Jare ventured around the castle on some of his exploration trips but had yet to make it all the way to the mountains. From what he could tell, this mountain range was massive. It was possibly greater than the Sovashua Mountains on the southeastern continent of Nashire. Snow on the peaks in summer gave him an idea of how high they stretched. He was unsure if life would be any more prevalent there. Whatever had happened here had the look of death. Only the birds in the air and small furry creatures scurrying around the fields gave any indication that life existed in the valley.
The only real source of activity was the castle and surrounding area. White rock and brick composed the walls and towers that surrounded the city where the castle stood. Roads from all areas of the valley led to the gates. Although the brilliant shine from the sun was impressive, many parts showed gray where the walls had been battered and breached. The great iron gate was never lowered because it served no purpose now. One of the armies had knocked so many holes through the walls that anyone could come in and out. Although the castle and walls had suffered great damage during this war, it was still the center of operations for the victors. He didn't know if the original people of this land won or the attackers. All that he did know, was that the battle fought here was a fierce one.
His thoughts turned back to the forest. In the month Jare had called this new place home, he had tried to become an expert on his surroundings. It didn't take long to learn what plants were edible and what animals, large or small, would attack without warning. Since no one was around to guide him, sometimes it came down to trial and error. Jare hated to admit that a couple of times he thought he had poisoned himself. Some fruits that could be eaten by the small green fox-like creatures were not fit for humans. That was a long night of stomach pains. He also caught himself being too trusting at times of the local wildlife. A little white furry critter wandered up to him while he was eating one day. It looked like it was rolling along instead of walking. The cute little thing was no bigger than a kitten and he saw its bright blue eyes for a couple of seconds when it rolled up his leg and rested on his knee. Then the sneaky killer went for the throat. Surprisingly large fangs came straight at his jugular but Jare was able to deflect the light creature with his hand. It landed on the ground close by and he was on his feet instantly ready for another attack. The little furball just looked at him with large sad blue eyes and then rolled away. After a while, the little things stopped coming around. It seemed they learned to stay away after getting kicked back into the trees over and over. He had a pretty good idea now of what was safe and what would kill him in a heartbeat but he still treated everything like a threat.
The mistakes he was making left him wondering how much his decrease in power was affecting his judgment. Although he was venturing out of the forest at night now, it took him a couple of weeks before he was confident enough to risk it. The defensive wall that Jare could produce from his hands would not extend very far and was just large enough to protect a small area. His strength and agility were just a little bit closer to a normal human now. There was no way to know if his disguising technique worked. It was probably unnecessary here anyway since absolutely no one would know or have even heard about him. His black Trynt Blade would only extend to the same length it was when he used it last. The loss of his other blade was probably what made him feel the most vulnerable. For so long, he had a sword in each hand. They responded to him, obeyed him, and were a part of him. It was like he was missing a part of himself but he did not regret leaving it behind and who possessed it. However, losing a blade was one more obstacle to overcome. So far everything was working against him. Lost in a foreign land, reduced power, and the loss of a weapon was not easy to overcome. Still, he was here for a reason. He was certain of this even though it was still unclear what the reason was. Most likely, it had to do with the damaged castle and scarred farmland in the nearby valley.
Before Jare saved anyone he had to make sure he could save himself from the upcoming seasons. The next pressing issue was how to survive the winter which was undoubtedly on its way. The days were already getting shorter and the temperature was steadily dropping at night. Autumn was arriving sooner in this land and winter would not be far behind. More questions arose than answers. Was the winter colder here than at home? Would it last longer? Could he find or make adequate warm clothing? Are the inhabitants here adapted so that they don't need winter coats? Would the weather kill him instead of some evil enemy? Jare laughed at himself. It was hard to not go to the worst-case scenario every time.
His worries would have to be put on hold for a while. He thought back to the teachings of one of his most trusted mentors. Rennison, a Virason instructor, cautioned against feeling like you were completely prepared. There was no such thing. Life would always throw something at you that you had no chance to get ready for. If Jare had not believed it before, his last month in his homeworld and first month in this one convinced him.
"Stop trying to anticipate every possibility," Rennison had told him. "Someday, something will come at you that you never could have imagined. Your only choice will be to let your instincts take over and then you will know how skilled you are."
Rennison was one of the very few Virason that Jare liked and trusted. He was generally right and this was no exception. So far Jare's instincts had kept him alive. Maybe just barely in some cases but that's good enough. He smiled again and wondered if he would ever get home to tell his teacher that he was right, again.
"A Swordsman of the Gates," Jare said out loud.
That thought seemed unreal to him. The stories and legends were of warriors larger than life. Heroic men and women who faced great odds and always knew what to do. The Traveler's Gates had pulled him. They sent him through. He must be one of the swordsmen but he had no idea what to do or who to help. How could he be the same as the Star Warrior or the Dream of the Deserts? Again, questions that didn't need to be answered right now. He couldn't worry about living up to the legends of the swordsmen. He just needed to concentrate on figuring out his purpose here.
The sun was starting to climb higher in the sky and he heard the sound of wheels coming his way. A large wagon surrounded by patrols of the yellow and blue-clad soldiers rolled into view on the path that went by his lookout spot. Two large green lizards pulled the wagon. These caravans were happening more often. More prisoners no doubt. As the wagon came by he got a good look inside. About thirty captured warriors who appeared to be in the lighter colors of the enemy were bound inside. Every day these transports delivered new prisoners to the castle. Jare had watched these wagons closely since he arrived in the forest but he still was not sure if the white-uniformed rebel soldiers were the original inhabitants or the invaders. When the white-clad forces attacked there were no prisoners taken. The yellow and blue warriors spared the lives of many and took them to the castle. The army of those who were prisoners in the wagon had no such mercy. When they attacked one of these transports, all the enemy soldiers were killed and the prisoners were freed. This left Jare doubting who he wanted to help. Would it be the side who took prisoners or the side who killed all to free their own? There was no clear choice. So he waited and watched.
The transport had made it into the safety of the valley. No attacks came once a wagon was in the open view of the castle. Jare had explored out into the valley and the surrounding lands and the attacks seemed to be concentrated in a more rugged less populated area. The yellow and blue forces knew that so more and more of their patrols ventured into that wilderness. They were bringing back more prisoners but also less of their soldiers. The losses on both sides had to be great. Another quick scan of the valley and surrounding areas revealed that there were no enemy forces nearby. This wagon was going to make it to the castle.
Over the last month, the attacks from the rebel army had begun to grow and become more intense. They were bringing the fight closer and closer to the valley every day. Each raid he witnessed was successful. The rebels freed their prisoners and slaughtered the captors from the castle. Clashes were happening every night now and Jare had to be extremely careful not to get caught in the middle. He didn't know how much longer he could stay here. The war was coming to the valley. His hiding spot in the forest would not be safe much longer.
The prisoner wagon was well beyond the forest now. There were no other transports of foot soldiers in the immediate area. All was quiet and probably would be for the rest of the day. Jare stayed another few minutes just to be sure no one was watching him. Then he got off his lookout rock and headed back toward the hill in the middle of the forest. He went back a different way than he came which was different from the way he traveled the day before. And the day before that and the day before that. Maybe this was deceiving no one but so far his stealth seemed to be working.
When he reached the hill, he made his way up to the top where his small camp was established. This was the highest point outside of the mountains. No one could enter the forest without being seen as long as he watched from this area. More checks of the hill and scans of the surrounding areas revealed what they always revealed. Nothing. For all of his worry, he was still alone. For a little while, he was going to be forced to sit and think. Then he would have to deal with his emotions.
The first images were always of his new friends. Saris came to mind first. She was a lot like him and that was probably why he was drawn to her immediately. Her desire to become better matched his. Her focus also rivaled his own. Very quickly she had become like a sister to him. Now she and the rest of his new traveling companions were without him. Jare let his thoughts go to the others. Tyranik would always be there to protect them. Graybon's huge heart would compel him to lay down his life for any of them. Cara would put an arrow through anyone's throat who dared to threaten her friends.
He then thought of Ailyah and Polus. He was not sure what happened to them. Uncertainty was the worst part. That led to dwelling on past losses and heartache. His mind wandered to his childhood. In his head, he could see his parents. The images in his mind faded over time but certain memories were crystal clear. Walking through the forest with his mother, riding horses with his dad, and sitting by the lake with both were times he would never forget. Then he saw her face. He pushed that thought away. The process of forgiving himself for that failure would be a long one but at least that day would never be used against him again. However, there was no denying it now. Being alone was a lot harder than it used to be. Still, the voice of the night was fading. Every day it sang to him for the first couple of weeks. Lately, the voice was softer. There were many nights when it could not be heard at all. So maybe he was becoming a little more normal.
Time dragged on like most days when you don't have a clear mission or goal to accomplish. Sometimes he even wished he had some kind of paying job to go to every day. That thought went away quickly though. He doubted he would make a very good employee. Something about his stubbornness told him he would be fired quickly.
Another night was coming so that meant another trip out into the darkness away from the forest. He was going to go deep into the wilderness tonight. He might even have to find shelter for a day or two. Jare wanted to see how far away the main army of the rebels was camped. This would also give him a better understanding of their motives. Once dinner was over, it would be time to go on the most important excursion yet.
Jare watched the sun slowly fade behind the mountains. Brilliant reds and oranges gave way to the darkness of night. The moons lit up the valley and the forest floor began to glow from the light of the native flowers. Jare finished his meal and prepared to head toward the unknown lands that appeared to be the home of the rebels. No movement in the valley meant that his path was clear for the moment. It was going to take quite a while to reach his destination. The wilderness was well over a day's journey from his forest and then he had no idea how far away the camp was located. This would be his most dangerous trip yet but that couldn't stop him.
Once he reached the northern edge of the forest, he saw the largest group of transports yet. Five wagons were coming down the path to go around the forest. At least a hundred soldiers escorted the prisoners. It appeared the men of the castle were taking no chances this time. They would be completely prepared if there was going to be an attack. The white-uniformed forces usually attacked with twenty to thirty warriors. These forces were smaller but they were able to come out victorious because the castle forces were not able to counter the armor-piercing arrows and the surprise attacks which neutralized their strength and speed. Now the castle's strategy seemed to be to outnumber the rebels and overwhelm them.
The extra precautions taken by the castle forces was a smart move. It was also useless. The attack came simultaneously from both sides of the road. Some of them were concealed by the tall grass while others charged from over the small hills. The rebels were obviously aware of the increased number of castle soldiers because they countered with the largest force he had seen them use yet. An army almost half the size of the castle forces hit the transports from both sides at once. The arrows rained down on the scattering captors but many of them fell immediately. Warriors with white blades and large wooden rods cut down some of the much faster castle warriors who managed to escape the arrows. Jare was getting his closest look yet at the skill of the rebels. In the confusion, the odds had been evened. Now the swords and axes of the rebels were effective against their suddenly decimated foes. This battle was going to be over quickly just like most of the others he witnessed over the last month.
It appeared that some of the castle soldiers would escape. They ran in the direction of the valley in hopes of reaching safety. Jare saw a flash of silver and then a woman pursue. The other rebels watched her for a second and then decided they needed to follow.
"Arrows!" she yelled above the chaos of the battle.
The archers obeyed the command instantly and sent a hundred arrows flying into the fleeing soldiers. Those that were not hit stopped immediately because more arrows were landing in their path. Their only choices were to run and get struck down or turn and fight the charging warriors. Neither would lead to survival and Jare almost felt sorry for what was about to happen to them.
The woman got there first. She never hesitated as she lunged at the thirty remaining enemies. She was fast, too. Her blade was a blur as she cut down five before the rest of her forces could get there. The silver was her hair shining in the bright light of the two moons. Jare could tell she tried to keep it tied up but obviously, the sash or bandanna she used had been knocked free. It was smart to try to hide it during battle because that hair was like a homing signal to find the commander. Jare could also tell a leader when he saw one. There was no hesitation and no uncertainty in her actions. She was decisive and relentless. Jare caught himself admiring her fierceness even if it was unsettling. Some of the castle warriors were surrendering but she gave the order to kill them anyway. He wouldn't pass judgment. Many times the same decision presented itself to him and most of the time he finished the job.
And just like that, it was over. She looked around for more enemies and even stared in his direction for what seemed like too long. He was a master at staying invisible but he thought she might have an idea that someone was in the forest. After a few seconds, she ordered her forces to regroup. The prisoners were already freed. The rebels gathered their dead and the entire unit disappeared into the night. All that was left was bodies of the castle soldiers and broken wagons. Jare scanned the scene one more time and then turned back toward his new home on the hill. There would be no trip tonight. The rebels were close. There had to be a temporary camp nearby to attack with a force that large. Now they had hit a target in the valley. There would likely be some response from the castle. Before long, he would have to make a choice and he was no closer to knowing what that choice would be. It took a long time for him to fall asleep that night. He kept staring down into the peaceful valley. It was just like any other peace he had ever known, it would not last.
The next morning confirmed his suspicion. From many directions, yellow and blue-clad legions approached the castle. It appeared that every fighting unit was being recalled. He estimated that several thousand troops were located inside the city walls at all times but now that number was growing. Tents and other temporary structures began to go up outside the city. The army was so big now that they would not all fit inside. Throughout the day, more and more arrived until Jare concluded the army had to be ten thousand strong. He was still unsure of the size of the rebel forces but nothing he had seen led him to believe it was anywhere close to the size of the army that was before him.
Jare sat down and leaned back against a tree at the top of the hill in the middle of the forest he now called home. He let his gaze wander through all parts of the scenery laid out before him. It was a beautiful sight. The sun shining down on the snow-covered peaks of the mountains, the rolling hills, the great winding river of the valley, and the brilliant white castle was an amazing scene. Yes, these sights were worthy of a master artist's painting. In the midst of this beauty, a realization hit him and he laughed out loud. A month had passed since he came through the Traveler's Gates to this strange new world. That meant he had turned nineteen. With all the uncertainty around, Jare forgot his own birthday.
"Happy birthday to me," he said to himself with a smile.
The smile faded quickly. He sighed and thought of all the blood and death that was coming to this magnificent countryside. One thing he knew for sure was that the fighting would soon escalate. You don't gather that many troops unless you are ready to fight a war. The castle was preparing. You don't have the look of the silver-haired woman unless you are willing to give your life in battle. Jare thought about her again for a moment and then spoke out loud what seemed to be a perfect description.
"She is prepared to sacrifice all."

