Copyright: G.A.Tinsley.
The author asserts his moral rights to this work.
No reproduction in any form without the express permission of the author.


The night has a smile of light, and she sits on a sapphire throne
Bryan Waller Proctor


Nocturne

Evolutions



Chapter 1

First Steps



She couldn’t breathe. She looked, gazing deep into the interior of the orb, the light swirling faster and faster before her wide eyes, drawing together into a boiling mote of red. 
A far-distant sun. 
The air pressed about her, seeping inside – nothing but this place and this moment. The sun sparked and went out – an after-image seared into her mind. She felt herself falling, and the shattered earth closed over her, drowning her in the world she had reached for over millennia. A chorus of voices, far-off and alien, surrounded her in discord. 
Still she couldn’t breathe, nowhere to draw breath in an air like dust. Her bones were breaking. She could feel her ribs – her back, crackling like wood on a hearth. Now her arms and neck, splintering under her skin as she fought to stand, to get away. 
But she couldn’t. A fire ignited in her breast and at last, she gasped a breath of air – not the searing heat she expected but a spear of ice. Her legs shattered and she cried out in the nightmare of dying. The fire made her flesh run like wax, softening over her ruined body – hardening now as her bones crystallised and became whole. 
The voices were softer, more unified – a harmony that soothed away the fire. And another voice, as familiar to her as the woodland air: 
Daughter
Her eyes were wide, seeing nothing. ‘Father!’
You have nothing to fear
‘Help me – I am riven!’
You are unbound
‘Where are you?’
Abandon your fear. Always you will be safe 
The fire became a prickling swarm, becoming numb, the words as comforting as her mother’s arms. ‘Please don’t go.’
You are safe
The voice faded, along with the alien music. She reached for it, longing for it to remain, letting go of the fear as she became aware of the still-warm earth beneath her. 
‘Please . . .’ 
She begged him to stay, but her mouth wouldn’t work. Her teeth ached and her mouth filled with water. She longed for something else, something that would take away the growing need. For a moment, her sight returned – the stars were out, revealed to her in a torrent of light – and she raised her hands and reached out. 
It was too late – she was gone from them. 
She was home. 
The stars faded.
Now darkness. 
Now nothing.



Near the town of Alnwick, England, 1004 A.D.

Sound returned at first. At least, a semblance of sound – a hiss of wind stirring high branches and the clear tones of birdsong. Except the tones were anything but clear. They came as if far-distant or underwater, and she wondered if she inhabited a subterranean realm, forever devoid of light. 
The comforting voice was gone, so she clung to the darkness, keeping her eyes shut. She could feel, though, sensing warm earth beneath her. Her hair was about her face as she flexed her fingers in gritty soil. Aching with the effort, she took a moment and breathed, the woollen shift coarse on her skin as smells of woodland and of coastal breezes quickened her wits. 
Rolling over, she gasped as a new pain clutched at her, sobbing and shivering until it faded into a dull warmth. She wanted to vomit, so she pushed herself onto all fours, retching, though nothing came up. Her eyes ran with tears and she smeared drool from her mouth. Something was stuck in her throat, and she explored her mouth with her tongue, finding her teeth keen and sharp, wondering if she had simply struck herself when she had collapsed.
When the fire had taken her.
She opened her eyes. The daylight was blinding – a nebulous mist under the rising sun. Kneeling on soil and shattered rock the breeze stirred hair from her eyes, and she could see the floor of the crater spread to a shallow rim, bordered by fire-blackened trees. Beyond that, only the copse, and she turned to the heart of the crater.
The orb was gone. 
She sagged on her knees, gasping. 
She wondered if it had even been there at all – if it had not been some delirium of a tired imagination and the shock of the falling star. Rays of scorched earth spread from the centre of the crater but beyond that there was nothing to suggest the mysterious object had ever been.
Nothing but a memory. Of heat and light, of chaos and loss and a fading awareness, and then nothing.
Don’t leave me
She hugged herself. The low sun was warm, but the memory of the fire in her body, the whispering, alien noises, left her anxious and afraid. If her body were no longer her own? If her mind were overthrown . . ?
The priests in the town taught of hostile spirits that became restless in dark and lonely places, who stole the souls of unwary folk straying into their cheerless realms. To her, such fables had always seemed mere fantasy – tales for simple-minded folk who liked to tell ghost stories around tavern firesides, a spur for the imagination for those with too much time and too little work. But she had felt no hostility throughout the ordeal. If anything, she had felt reassured – comforted. The sounds were  heartening – a cradlesong of shifting harmonies.   
And her father’s voice, achingly near. 
Her mind was her own, there was no doubt. Coming to her feet, her shoes sank into the shattered earth. She had tarried long enough – she would be missed at the farm, by her mother and her uncle, and she realised he would be awake now, that she would have to explain why she had been away from the farmhouse and her chores. 
She shook her head, clearing her mind.
Sounds came to her – sounds she had never known: birdsong, tones of urgency and intent. The sounds of waves crashing on rocks, miles distant And the hubbub of voices from the town – laughter and cursing – at the very edge of her mind. 
Frowning, she gazed at the trees, staring at leaves – and the veins of the leaves! and she saw insects crawling on them. Her hand went to her mouth, stifling a gasp. 
And then she was laughing, intoxicated by a curious vigour. Spreading her arms, she turned to the sky, and for the first time since her father’s death, she felt alive. 
Climbing out of the crater, the earth crumbled as she crested into scorched grass. A final glance over her shoulder and she turned for home, picking her way between the remains of trees and rocks. 
There was smoke on the air. 
Hurrying on, she reached the edge of the wood and looked down on Alnwick. 
Columns of black smoke drifted over rooftops and on to the coast. Fires were burning between buildings, and she knew why she had lain undiscovered for so long. Drawn by the scene, she started towards the stricken town. Then noticed a nearer smoke. 
Her home was burning. 
With a horrified cry, she started to run.

Elias Grey was not happy. 
He was rarely happy, save in the company of strong drink and weak men, the better to deploy his scant wit and bullying demeanour. But now, staggering from his bed, head throbbing and guts filled with bile, he wanted blood. Not for the first time since the death of his half-brother did he lament becoming head of the household, honouring a promise on Adam’s death to ensure the prosperity of his wife and daughter. The work was far from what he had imagined. Rising before daybreak tended to sour his already quick temper, and Hilda’s practical, orderly demeanour coloured his idea of her as an amenable widow. 
And her daughter, the prissy little bitch who showed him neither respect nor affection, was too damned clever by half. In God’s name, she was in her twentieth year! She should be married and gone from here. The last thing he needed was Evelida Grey making trouble for him after all the unreturned affection he had showed her since her father’s passing.
He consoled himself that he at least had money to spare in the taverns of Alnwick, a scant mile to the north, drinking away his time in the town’s taverns in the company of fair-looking women and dull-witted men, returning to the farm to sleep off the all-too-familiar hangovers.
Until last night, however. A scream of rent sky had shaken him from his bed as the fireball passed over Alnwick, the blast of its fall breaking the farmhouse’s windows and shivering the walls, and he staggered from a pallet of straw into the false-light before dawn, scratching at his crotch and cursing.
Someone was going to suffer.

Hilda had roused Willen, the labourer who often slept by the fire when a late-night demanded he linger, and the two of them left the farmhouse to stare at the burning trees to the east. Small fires lit a cloud of dust and ash rising over the copse, drifting on breezes that whirled towards the coast. Fires fell from above with the smell of vaporised wood, and Hilda’s gaze fell on the town. The church-bells were ringing – Alnwick was burning. 
Her hand went to her mouth at the sight. ‘Willen, we must help. Where is Eve?’
Numbed by the sight, he turned slowly. ‘I know not, lady. She was working late in the barn, last I saw.’
Hilda shivered, despite the night’s warmth. Her daughter, so practical yet so headstrong, could be anywhere, and since her father’s death so often straying in search of solitude along coastal paths and meadows. 
Or woodland. She looked toward the barn. It still stood, despite the devastation, and she could hear the cattle lowing within. She had an urge to run there, and on to the blasted woodland beyond. 
‘What in Christ’s name happened?’ 
Elias had joined them, lank hair falling about a face showing a week’s growth of beard. He had a hand at his head against the pain of a heavy evening’s drinking. ‘I’m not sure, Elias. A comet would be my guess.’ Hilda gazed at Willen, who nodded. ‘A falling star – look.’ She swept her hand to the east. The woods still burned and the rising ash made Elias forget his hangover.
Hilda came near and pointed to the town.‘Elias, where is Eve?’ 
He mouthed silent obscenities, transfixed by the hellish landscape. ‘Elias!’ she yelled into his face. 
‘Jesus, what?’
‘Where is Eve?‘ 
 ‘How in hell would I know? Probably off on one of her damned empty-headed jaunts. If she’s got any sense she’ll have found a lad from the town to spend the night with and is down there now.’
She hissed at him. ‘Evelida remains innocent until marriage, you know that. Her own father taught her such prudence.’
‘Who knows where she is? All I know is she’s not here. You want to find her, go and look for her.’
Willen, discreetly quiet, raised a hand to point at the farmhouse. Elias and Hilda caught the fear in his eyes.
Smoke was pouring from within.

‘The water butts – move! Roll them to the door.’ Willen nodded at Hilda, and between them they managed to tilt the barrel of rainwater, rolling it to the common-room doorway. As dangerous as the fire was their entire livelihood was within. She had lived her life there – bore a daughter and buried her husband in its fields. She would not let it fall. ‘Elias, you must withdraw, you have done all you can.’ 
The thatching had ignited over the common-room and she had hectored him into salvaging as much as he could. To his credit, he had tossed benches and tables onto the path before staggering and coughing from the doorway, kneeling to hack up strings of black sputum. ‘Here, man – help us with the water. We can flood the interior.’ Hilda strained under the weight of the water barrel, Willen lending his strength. The flames were quickening in the thatching. 
Elias’s eyes were streaming. ‘What for? The farmhouse is lost. We cannot stop the fire’s spread.’ His chest was heaving. ‘It is over, Hilda.’
‘Flood the common-room,’ she cried. ‘We can bring the roof down into the water and stop the fire.’
He could see the sense of her words, smearing soot from his eyes and stumbling to help. Between them, they moved the barrel to the doorway. Water slopped from the rim, making the grass treacherous, and they let it fall to the flagstones. It exploded into the building, flooding the floor and fireplace. Hilda hauled the empty butt aside, turning on Elias. ‘You and Willen must fetch the second barrel. I will pull down the roof.’ 
Elias’s face turned hard. Tired as he was from drink and labour, he was unused to being told what to do by a woman. 
‘Please, Elias. We have this one chance.’ 
Seeing sense, he grabbed Willen by the collar. ‘All right. Come on, boy – to work.’ 
She allowed herself a moment’s relief before grabbing a rake from the wall of the farmhouse and setting her shawl about her face. Taking a deep breath and watching the roof, she plunged into the smoke.

She had flown from the blasted copse with a vigour she had never before known, drawn by the horror of her burning home. Coming to the hedgerows, she slowed to a walk, stepping into a barley field’s stubble. Shivering, she neared the smoking farmhouse. Part of the roof had collapsed. Broken, blackened timbers and furnishings were strewn outside. 
Her mouth was dry. No-one was about to greet her. Her stomach was sour and the words cracked on her lips. ‘Mother? Willen?’
There was no reply, only a soft lowing from the cattle shed. She thought she could hear screams and cries from Alnwick, a mile to the north. 
‘Mother?’ 
The first prick of tears touched her eyes. 
Crows cried overhead, and she raised her face to a sky that stung her with light.
‘Eve?’
Hilda stepped from behind the farmhouse. 
She and Willen were laden with salvage, though now she let them fall, whether intact or not, and hurried to her daughter, coming together and embracing fiercely, tears falling between them. 
‘Eve! Where were you?’ 
Hilda’s voice was muffled by her daughter’s embrace. ‘Forgive me,’ she held her at arm’s length, smiling as she smeared away her tears. ‘But the fireball – the explosion to the east,’ 
Hilda followed her gaze and frowned. ‘You have been there?’
‘I was working in the cattle shed and—’ 
She bit her lip. To tell of what she had seen, of what she had endured, would be foolish, marking her as a madwoman – a dangerous fantasist – or under the superstitions of the townsfolk, something far worse. ‘I heard the sound of the fireball and ran from the cattle shed. I saw it light the sky over the town and followed it’s fall.’ She threw her hand to the ridge and the burned, broken trees. ‘The blast – I was thrown to the floor where I lay senseless, until—’ 
Elias had appeared from behind the farmhouse, sodden and grimy, carrying a chestful of belongings, and the words died in her throat.
The relief of finding her mother safe and well was gone. Something crowded for her attention – a sourness that built in her gut – and she was disgusted by his presence. She could smell him, smell the ale on his breath – a sickness of mind and a yearning intent. 
He eyed her and lowered the chest to the grass. ‘So, you have decided to return. And not a moment too soon, for as you can see,’ he eyed the farmhouse, rubbing blackened hands together, ‘your presence is indeed timely.’
Hilda frowned. ‘Elias, wait—’ 
Eve pulled away from her. She could hear his heart beating – hear his breathing.
Her mouth was aching. ‘I came as quickly as I could.’
He massaged his hands as he stood before her. ‘Well met, indeed. We are truly blessed to have you here, Evelida. If not for me, your home would be a smoking ruin by now.’
‘Ever you seek to wound me, Elias. If you would only listen—’
He brought his hand hard across her face. 
Her face was netted with hair and her fingers were at her cheek where he had struck her. 
She was aware of her mother screaming at him; and even Willen, so peaceable and shy, faced up to him, earning him a shove that almost set him on his arse while Elias screamed and yelled back, trading insults and blame for the quarrel. 
She wasn’t listening. Her fingers caressed her face as she felt the flesh of her cheek harden to a ceramic touch, then softening, becoming smooth once more. 
She couldn’t understand why she felt no pain.

A week had passed since the comet’s fall. Most of the town had been saved by the rousing of the coastal watch. They had gazed in awe as the fireball tore across the skies and stuck the woods. From a headland promontory, a beacon was fired and a runner sent to the town, though the militia were already alert, ordering the populace roused by church-bells. 
In the confusion, the townsfolk believed a seaborne raid was at hand – Danish and Norse seafarers were still known in English waters, yet with the militia alert, the worst of the fires were brought under control. Speculation as to the comet’s nature varied from the idea that it was nothing more than a lump of matter fallen from the sun or moon to the belief that the fireball and it’s devastation was supernatural in nature – perhaps even a divine punishment, God’s wrath against lapses in moral purity. 
In the taverns of Alnwick arguments simmered of an evening, ale doing nothing to ease the mooted ideas. Ealdhun, the bishop of Durham, had word of the comet’s fall. Accompanied by an entourage of counsellors, he surveyed the devastation with the thoughtfulness and care he was renowned for, pronouncing the fireball divine in nature having united the town with so little loss of life. He then went on to milk the proclamation for all it’s worth, ordering woodcuts and illuminations of the event and elevating his diocese’s prestige along with Alnwick’s eminence. Regardless of Ealdhun’s motives, it was a welcome conclusion to a noteworthy event in the town’s history. 
Much of the commotion had passed the Grey’s household. Hilda had made plain her anger over Elias’s mistreatment of her daughter, pointing out that it was not he that had saved the farmhouse but her, that he was a bully and a tyrant, and that if he wished to stay under her roof he would be wise to moderate himself and apologise to Eve. He responded by retreating to Alnwick and getting drunk, staying in the company of a tavern whore for the night. 
A sullen reconciliation descended over the farmhouse and the family took their meals separately. Willen dined often with Evelida, preferring the company of someone his age, and Hilda began to suspect the blossoming of feelings towards her daughter. She did not approve of such a match; in her mind, Eve was a class above. Nonetheless, the shift in mood by his endearment was welcome. Evelida, however, remained distant, choosing to rise late and finishing her chores long after sunset. She took to walking the shoreline, hour after hour, staring out to sea or lifting her face to the darkening sky. Shielding her face with a hand, she seemed to wince as she searched the heavens. 
Her eyes had picked up a peculiar gleam since the comet’s fall. 
Hilda insisted she accompany her along the coast and they found themselves walking the shore on a fair evening. 
Evelida remained quiet, eyes downcast. Hilda placed a hand on her shoulder. ‘Eve, what troubles you?’
She didn’t look at her but frowned. Hilda let the silence grow as they walked together, letting her daughter’s thoughts find a voice. 
‘Do you ever speak to my father?’
The question was unexpected. Adam had been the only man she had ever loved and she had felt a grief beyond words at his passing. Her love for her daughter was her redemption. ‘Every day. I may not say the words but they are there in my mind.’
‘And does he return your words?’
‘Certainly, he does. I hear him chide me, criticise me, console me and speak words of devotion. He is as part of me as he ever was, and ever shall he remain.’
Evelida stared at her, holding her hands out, and they embraced. ‘I heard his voice.’ 
Hilda drew back, searching her gaze. ‘After the fireball exploded, I heard his voice as I hear yours now.’ 
‘What were his words?’
   ‘That I was safe. That always I would be safe – over and over.’ She smiled and lowered her eyes. ‘The last good man died with him.’
Hilda nodded with a frown. ‘You have little knowledge of men, save Willen and Elias.’
‘Willen is a decent lad but is too simple in manner for companionship.’
Hilda smiled. ‘And Elias? What do we think of him?’ 
‘Elias is a fool. A craven bully whose sole use is to move grain and drink its profits. I can think of no reason for him to remain.’
‘He is your father’s brother and I need his labour until such a time as we can afford another.’ She sighed. ‘Though you are right, he is a coward, but he can be dangerous. I would not like to think of you provoking him.’
‘A man like that needs little provocation, his ego leads him like a dog,’ she caught her mother’s glare. ‘But I will remain the dutiful, respectful daughter. For now.’ 
Hilda smiled. They walked along the path, the breeze bringing the briny tang of the coast as they skirted the tree-line. ‘Shall we tread where the good bishop pronounced God’s work?’ 
Eve stared into the woods, then shrugged. ‘It would be better than listening to Elias’s speeches on his talent for ale among the lackwits of Alnwick.’
Hilda slapped her shoulder. ‘Evelida Grey, what were we talking about not a moment earlier?’ 
Eve held up her hands. ‘Of course, you are quite right; it hardly becomes a lady of quality.’ Hilda hid her smile with a scowl. ‘Lead the way, mother. It isn’t every day God drops a mountain on a town for no good reason. I suppose even the Almighty must get bored, once in a while.’ 
Hilda’s scowl deepened. ‘Eve – enough.’

In the middle of the wood lay the crater. Hilda circled the crumbling rim, interrupted by trails and footprints from curious townsfolk. The power of the comet was apparent in the shattered rocks and trees, and the rays of scorched earth, spreading from the crater’s heart. 
Evelida watched in silence, her mind elsewhere. 
‘Impressive, is it not, daughter?’
‘It fair left me breathless and without wits.’ 
Hilda looked sidelong at her – staring into the centre of the crater. The setting sun lit motes of dust in the shifting light. 
Her feet stirred in the earth. ‘Strange.’
‘What?’
‘The floor of the crater – somewhat flat, wouldn’t you agree?’
‘Somewhat.’
‘And yet, the ruin of the trees would suggest the blast was a sphere.’ Hilda brought her hands together in a globe and pulled them apart. ‘The floor of the crater is almost completely flat.’
‘Better minds than ours are required to make sense of this, mother.’
Hilda’s feet settled over crushed rock. Eve watched from the walls of the rim and took her hands, helping her scramble out. ‘We would need to look farther afield than Alnwick then?’ Eve laughed as the older woman took her arm. ‘Come, daughter. The shadows grow and we should make for home.’ 
She gazed at her, pushing hair from her eyes. ‘You are everything to me, Evelida. Your father’s spirit burns bright in you.’ 
Eve returned her stare, squeezing her arm and making her hiss. 
‘Not so firm, girl! You don’t know your strength.’ 
She squinted at her while Hilda rubbed her arm, tutting as they came to the edge of the wood. The sun had set over forests and hills, rolling away to the east. ‘It will be treacherous finding our way in  the dark. Can you see our path?’
Eve didn’t answer at first but stared down at Alnwick, then to the farmhouse. Her heart leapt as the first stars revealed themselves, the landscape opening in a picture of grey as she stepped forward. 
‘I can see everything.’

The sun was low in the west, touching the clouds that piled over the sea. Eve sat with her back to a tree and hugged her knees as she watched the breaking waters. Gulls wheeled in the sky and called to one another before settling on sand or sea; their cries were like voices to her, strange and remote, and she closed her eyes, listening – hoping to hear something else, something she had heard once before and longed to hear still. 
‘Lord, I beseech you – send him the love I bear him and honour him with each day.’ 
Silence greeted her prayers. The loneliness of her nights were never dark now – more alive than the daylight that hurt her eyes and stifled her. 
Her father’s voice had brought hope and longing. The silence that remained sharpened her loss. 
She let the indulgence pass, cuffing tears from her eyes as the sound of cartwheels and horseshoes carried through the trees. 
‘So, it is time to grow up, girl.’ She closed her eyes and rested on her jaw on her knees. ‘One day, all will be well. All reunited in the hereafter.’ 
The stink of sweat and ale filled the air. ‘So this is where you come to pass away your hours.’
She opened her eyes and smiled. ‘A pleasant evening, Elias. What brings you to this place of gentle solitude?’
Elias stood over her, leaning against a tree with his hands tucked into a belt, swaying under a bellyful of ale. ‘You speak so prettily, Evelida Grey. Such a pity you have little time to spare with your family.’
‘I spare enough time with my family, uncle.’ 
She was baiting him, she knew, but his crassness offended her. He took a step nearer. ‘So you do, so you do. But you could find more time to spend with us before you run off alone.’ He drew nearer still, and she felt the sourness returning, wincing as his hand teased her hair. 
Her skin crawled as he squatted by her, his words eager. ‘We miss your presence at mealtimes, girl. You rise late and work tirelessly through to night.’ 
There was something else – a bitter odour. The world seemed brighter somehow, and her teeth ached.
Shrugging him off, she stood and folded her arms. ‘You should not abuse me so, uncle, it is not seemly.’
‘Seemly? What is seemly, Eve?’ He stood to follow her. ‘Do you not remember how we used to comfort one another after your father’s passing?’
‘Do not mention my father so, Elias! Comfort is to be savoured, not endured.’ He stopped and held up his hands, smiling through yellow teeth. ‘I was a child. I hated the way you came to me – the way you held me.’ She shut her eyes and tried to rid herself of him.
‘But a child no more, eh? Perhaps it is time to finish what we started years ago.’ 
His hand moved to her neck and her mind blazed with indignation. 
‘Take your hands from me, Elias.’ 
She felt his fingers on her, on her shoulders, moving over her back, down to her hips, and his lust made her sick. His breathing was slow and deep. 
The air was heavy.
‘Take your hands from me.’
He responded by running his fingers to her shoulders – strong hands turning her to face him. The sourness in her gut bloomed like a fire, and she brought her hand up, taking him like a whip across his face. 
He staggered under the blow, arms flailing as he sprawled on his hands and knees, bloody drool falling from his mouth. 
She was breathing hard, her heart pounding. Elias was a big man and shouldn’t have been felled so easily. The fear was back – the thought of his anger made her swallow. ‘Elias, I’m—’
He turned on her, baring his teeth, and she saw the blood running from his mouth. Something stirred deep within her. She held up her hands as he came to his feet, and backed away. The bitter odour crawled into her mind. ‘Wait. Elias, please—’
He would not wait and he came on her, striking her about her face, his fists pounding her head back and forth as he snorted and spat. Over and over his blows fell, her head knocked back and forth, and she couldn’t hope to fight him off, trying to back away from him. 
She couldn’t stop him.
She was going to die.
A spark grew in her mind, an image of her father, how he would never allow such hurt. And of her mother, who loved her so, fighting to preserve her after his passing. 
So unfair. 
She could hear – feel – the drumming of Elias’s heart as he struck her – the smell of his blood. The sourness grew to a caustic fury as a choking in her throat split her gums, fending off Elias’s blows as her teeth were forced apart. 
‘God! Stop this!’
He would not. She could not. 
The blows fell, battering her back and forth as she tried to back away, her hands held up as he beat at her. 
The world turned red, and a whisper, an echo of her father’s words, came to her: 
You are safe

She grabbed his wrist and snarled. He couldn’t strike her, no matter how he wanted – she swatted away his blows like flies – and her snarl filled with rage. 
Anger gave way to fear as Eve’s eyes shone red in the setting sun. Her lips parted, revealing bone-white fangs – growing longer still! A shiver hissed into his guts as his head cleared, and he howled as she squeezed, crushing the bones of his wrist with a noise like grinding ice. 
‘Eve – stop!’ 
The joints of his arm came apart, the pain sending him to his knees. He choked on vomit and begged. ‘Eve, stop. Please – give mercy! You are not yourself!’ 
He dared to glance up, and forgot the pain. Her face was a mask of hate, her eyes glazed with fire. ‘Mercy? When have you known mercy, Elias? When in your entire wasted life?’ Her words were pitiless – harder than stone. ‘Your presence was never wanted nor welcome.’
He wept, drooling spittle and tears as her fingers fixed about his throat. He was a big man, heavy with fat and muscle, yet she lifted him clear of the earth. 
Drawing him into an embrace, she put her face to his and showed him her teeth. Elias cried out as he saw the inevitable in her eyes. 
‘No!’
A last moment of terror, and then her teeth were in him, opening his throat.

She was sat with her back to the tree once more, staring out over the sea.
The tears had dried and she rested her face on her knees, drawn up with her ankles exposed beneath her shift. Midges rose in the evening air and settled on bare skin. She watched as they crawled back and forth, feeling nothing of their bites. The gulls were gone and the woodland was silent, but for the breaking of waves. 
Elias’s body lay within the trees.
His face was waxy and pale, eyes and mouth half-open – a comic appearance for one so intimidating in life. Flies crawled about his face, searching for sustenance. 
She was damned. Obviously, she was damned.
She had seen the vessel in his neck, beating with the hammering of his heart, and her mouth filled with water. A thirst, an urgency she had never known, drove her as she tore his shirt away, exposing him. Lost in her need, her teeth had parted his flesh, and the fire of Elias’s blood sprang in her. Desire turned to greed as she stilled a heart sweetened by fear. 
She was filled with it – a brilliant elation. In his blood, a storm grew, feeding the fury that had driven her to kill. 
She wanted more – the bleakness of mind since her father’s death was overwhelmed. She wanted to dominate and take all she wanted – Elias’s voice, distant and goading, daring her to follow – and she grinned and seethed in her desire, gazing down on the town of Alnwick. 
They knew nothing of her, nothing of her strength. 
We become stronger as kin, daughter
She shook and shivered, and the moment passed, freeing herself. At the edge of her mind, Elias sighed – nothing but a rustle of dead leaves – and was gone.
She gazed at his corpse. 
She was damned – a malignant spirit who could kill at will and drink the life of others. She put her hands to her face in shame as the tears returned. That she should feel such pleasure at the death of another was wicked – unholy and without atonement. 
She was damned. Cursed forever.
Abandon your fear
‘Father.’
A calmness came to her, and she squeezed her eyes shut, letting herself think. Elias wanted her, wanted to violate her. He would have killed her. Murder and rape were punishable by death, and in this secluded place, Elias would have easily escaped justice. He would have buried her lifeless body, probably returning to the taverns in Alnwick to make up his lies while she lay forever unfound. Her mother’s grief at her loss sickened her – ‘a terrible accident’, she would be told, perhaps by the rocks along the shore where she was apt to wander. 
An image of her mother working the farm without her, and only Willen and Elias for company. 
Despair faded with her tears. Perhaps she wasn’t damned? Her mind was her own, her actions were just – Elias’s death was the only acceptable end. 
She sighed and lowered her face. ‘What am I become, father?’ 
Pushing her fists into her eyes, she waited in desperation to hear his voice, knowing it would not come. Not from without, but from within. Her life on the farm had always been hard, full of toil, but her father tempered the harshness of their lot with kind words. 
The harder we labour, the greater the reward, daughter
He had smiled so fondly at her as she struggled behind the oxen, ploughing the fields, father and daughter side by side. 
We toil together and as such become stronger as kin
She remembered his quiet strength, without vanity. He let his actions define him – his deeds were his reputation; a man of honourable intent.
His deeds defined him.
She stood and stared at the horizon – nothing but water and open sky. Her deeds would define her. She would devote herself to her family, to her town and to God. She would not be damned while she had life in her. An opportunity had been given and she would not waste it. 
It felt good to think so, and her spirit soared to imagine her and her mother, and Willen, making the farm work together, without fear of threats or of bullying.
That still left the matter of Elias’s corpse. 
She sighed again. Life would not always be pleasant. Elias’s horse and dray stood at the edge of the wood, and she moved through the trees to fetch a spade from it, consoling herself that the only other outcome would see Elias fetching a spade for her. 
She started to run.

Days had passed since Elias’s missing had been reported to the town reeves and tavern-goers. He hadn’t been seen since leaving the alehouse, and his horse and dray were found by the outskirts of the wood the next day. 
Rumours among the more superstitious townsfolk said he had been taken by dark spirits, disturbed by the comet’s fall. Those of a more caustic nature had quipped that Elias had been taken by God for his life of piety, laughing at the thought of him having to explain himself at the gates of St Peter. To say he was not missed by the townsfolk fell short of the mark – even those he counted as friends allowed themselves some relief as on many occasions he had pressed them for services or monies or a cup of ale and never returned the kindness. 
A search was organised by the reeves but with little urgency. Travellers from nearby villages were pressed for news but none came. 
The search was gradually forgotten.

Weeks passed, and Hilda’s fear that she could not manage the farm without Elias proved groundless. Eve took to her duties with a vigour she could not fathom, pulling far more than her weight. Willen remained enamoured of her, but the compliment was not returned. Eve preferred to remain on distant good terms with the lad, treating with him as a friend or a brother.

Weeks became months and the roof was repaired by the town thatcher for a share of grain that the household had put aside, and the farmhouse became cosy before winter began to bite. The air was relaxed and festive, and Willen remarked how he preferred to stay with Hilda and Eve now there were just the three of them, his family home being so mean by comparison. 
Hilda said nothing. She wasn’t fooled.

Months became seasons. Willen abandoned hope of courtship with Eve and became devoted to the daughter of the town’s blacksmith. Hilda commented on the girl’s likeness to Eve – dark-haired and blue-eyed – earning a reproving scowl from her daughter. She grinned at Eve’s modesty but nurtured a growing concern that her daughter was letting toil carry over her life, leaving no time for the affections of men. 
Eve remained as fair and vigorous as ever, and the young men of the town would spare her approving glances whenever she travelled to Alnwick, yet still, she remained distant. 
Becoming a fervent churchgoer, it was said the Lord held her heart more than any man.
 
Years passed. Willen married and had four children. Two survived; a boy – and a girl that no-one was surprised he named Evelida. 
The town of Alnwick prospered, despite hearing of the occasional Danish raid to the south, and was largely untouched by the outside world. Occasionally, bandits would haunt the forests and woods, and become a deadly nuisance, though when the reeves mustered a scouring force most were found lifeless in their camps and lairs. Some said the bandits had been drained of blood and rumours of spirits that hunted the darkness persisted. 
Eve remained as young and hale as ever. 
She devoted herself to the farm as her mother aged, and when Hilda died in her sleep in her sixty-fifth year, she laid her to rest beneath a tree in the farmhouse garden beside her father, her parents reunited forever.

Eve’s agelessness continued to attract comment. Even Willen, always her staunchest ally, found himself questioning her strange vitality, and she knew she could no longer remain. She bequeathed the farm to Willen and his family with the condition that her parents’ graves remained as they were and were well-tended.

In the middle of an autumn night in the year 1049, Evelida Grey left Alnwick and disappeared from living memory.



Chapter 2

The Root Of All Wisdom



Edinburgh, 1792

‘You must be James Dalton?’
‘I suppose I must.’ He shook the other man’s hand. He was about the same age, though with neater hair and eyes that always seemed to be expecting a rebuke. Falwell was his name, and Dalton was gratified to find another Englishman joining him in the first of four years at the university’s school of medicine. The journey to the Scottish capital had been a good hundred miles, paid for by his oh-so-proud parents, just before . . .
The day seemed suddenly darker. He tried not to think about it, the three-days by coach, over roads of varying but typically backside-punishing quality keeping him from his misery, and it was with some relief he found himself on a street of stylish townhouses, shops and fashionably dressed townsfolk.
‘First time across the border?’
He realised Falwell was talking to him and moved his valise to rain-washed paving. The carriage pulled away in a clatter of horseshoes and mud. ‘First time anywhere, outside of Carlisle.’
‘Carlisle? Truly?’ Falwell’s expression was a curious mix of admiration and pity that an apparently well-to-do fellow should hail from such a rustic backwater. 
He realised he was staring. ‘I studied at St Peter’s boarding school in York. You?’
Dalton was squinting at stone parapets set over lancet windows, patterning the faculty buildings. ‘Like the arms of Anubis.’
‘I beg your pardon?’
Dalton let his gaze fall. ‘The wings of the faculty – a welcome to the underworld.’ 
Falwell stared at him a moment. Dalton shrugged and coughed. ‘My mother was a schoolteacher. She taught me all I needed – letters to numbers.’ He offered an awkward smile. ‘Education doesn’t have to begin and end with boarding schools.’
‘Well said, laddie.’
They turned at the soft Edinburgh brogue. The man who addressed them was middle-aged, wearing a waistcoat set with the university’s colours, and stood with an arm draped over a wooden truck. ‘Barely had a day’s schooling in my life and here I am, employed as porter by the noble institution itself.’ 
They made grins of their own, gratefully accepting his offer to take their luggage into the student’s dormitories and helped to load the truck. ‘Lachlan’s the name. Been working here since I saw in my twelfth year. Seen some mighty admirable gentlemen pass through these hallowed halls, too – Rutherford to Cullen, they’ve all shook my hand and told me I’m the beating heart of the school of medicine.’
Dalton stole a glance at Falwell, who rolled his eyes and shook his head while Lachlan’s truck rattled over flat cobbles. ‘Not all been such gentlemen in the strictest sense of the word, if you take my meaning?’ Falwell snapped his gaze front as Lachlan eyed him. ‘There’s always the odd boorish fellow passes through our doors – dulls the fraternity. Look yonder.’ 
Falwell realised the porter was speaking to him, and he and Dalton followed the man’s gaze to find a tall fellow, sporting a second-year’s colours, staring at them as they passed by. Tall and fair, he nodded amiably enough at them while an entourage of companions watched without interest. Lachlan waited until they were out of sight before lowering his voice. ‘Mr Campbell from London, there. Best steer clear of that one until you’re a little more “established”. Likes to throw his weight around the new mugs, he does.’
‘London?’ Falwell glanced over his shoulder. ‘Perhaps I should give him my regards – my family hail from Kensington.’
‘No, young sir – your accommodations are just here.’ Lachlan had stopped before a hefty studded-oak door, more suited to a castle than an educational institute, and was unloading their valises. ‘The dormitories berth only four students, so you’ll have a degree of privacy. Supper is in the great hall at six, and the chapel opens for prayers at eight.’ He stood and stretched with his hands at the small of his back, staring at Falwell who returned his gaze with dumb innocence.
‘Here, for your trouble, sir.’ Dalton lifted a purse from his waistcoat pocket and handed the porter a couple of pennies. Falwell caught on and hurried to do the same.
‘Why, you’re as grand a pair of lads as I’ve met this year. You’ll go far in your studies, I’m sure.’ The man fished a pewter flask from his pocket, taking a nip of spirit and offering them one in return. ‘Speyside malt – put hairs on your chest, lads.’
‘Never tried it,’ said Dalton. Falwell accepted a swig and choked in wheezy appreciation, turning red as he returned the flask.
‘That’s the spirit. I’ll leave you to get settled in.’ The porter was already walking away, dragging the clattering truck behind him. ‘Anything you need, gentlemen, just ask.’
They watched him disappear into the shadows of the medical school, listening to the squealing wheels fade long after he was out of sight. Falwell turned to Dalton, ‘I suppose we’d better have a look at our new home for the next year. By the way, will your parents be visiting? Mine are to take packet ship from London, once I’m settled and have a moment to write.’ He grunted as he heaved his valise into the gothic dormitory. Dalton watched in silence as he went on. ‘I tell you what – why don’t we invite them together? It might be pleasurable for us to show them the sights and sounds of this fine city?’
Dalton remained expressionless, passing by with luggage in hand. 
‘My parents are dead.’
Falwell’s jaw hung slack as he watched him enter, closing his mouth and searching for something to say. 
‘I say, no parents, no decent school. You’ve had it a little dark, haven’t you?’

Dalton sat at his bedside and pored over a worn and bettered textbook: de humani corporis fabrica – ‘on the fabric of the human body’ – a standard text for medical students, was laid open before him. 
Standard text was a relative term, however, being written two hundred years before, and despite the crackling leaves holding remarkably accurate lithographs, the young student was forced to make an excessive amount of notes as he worked in the guttering light of an oil-lamp. 
‘There you are, old boy!’ Falwell was in boisterous spirits as he stumbled into the dormitory. Dalton took a moment to sit back, rubbing his neck as the other man sat heavily beside him. ‘Just been to the chapel for a little divinity schooling. Surprised you weren’t there too, my studious friend – does the soul good, after all this morbidity.’ He was grinning as he peered at Dalton’s notes. ‘I say, is this really a fourth edition Vesalius?’
Dalton stared at the lamplight. ‘It really is. A gift from my mother. As you can see, it’s suffered greatly through the twin scourge of time and note-taking, yet it still serves its purpose.’
Falwell sighed in sympathy. ‘Dalton, you only have to ask if you need a loan of a text or two. I have some of Harvey’s works on the motion of the blood. You’re more than welcome to them until you’ve funds enough to replenish your own.’
‘Kind of you. But I do enjoy adding to the works of those who’ve gone before. I suppose it’s a kind of sentiment, compelled by loss.’ Dalton’s gaze became more distant, and the other man nodded. 
Falwell was thinking of something to say when a shadow fell across them. They looked up to find Campbell and two of his closest standing in mute regard, the older student wearing an insincere smile. 
‘Gentlemen, I must apologise for my rudeness.’
Dalton’s eyes flickered to Falwell, who knotted his brow. ‘Your rudeness?’
‘Mmm. As a senior fellow, I have a duty of consideration to the younger, greener men, ensuring they are settling in – finding their feet, so to speak.’
Falwell grinned and turned his honest face to Dalton, who continued to watch in silence. ‘Well, both myself and Mr Dalton are gratified to hear that!’ He stood and offered a hand to shake. Campbell looked at it and Falwell, drew back, searching for conversation. ‘I hear you hail from London? My family live in Kensington. Perhaps—’
‘That is of no consequence, Mr Falwell.’ Campbell ignored the man’s dismay as he leaned to look at Dalton’s work. ‘I make it a point to uncover the minutiae of the new fellows’ background and refinements upon their arrival.’
Campbell’s friends, decidedly stocky in frame, stared at Falwell with the hospitality of starving dogs, and the younger man found himself sitting beside Dalton and swallowing. ‘Tut, tut. This will never do.’ Campbell was leafing through the textbook with a critical eye. Straightening, he watched Dalton as he turned the pages. ‘Precise, yes. Respectable, certainly. Yet this work is graceless and outdated, and has no place in a hallowed and modern institute such as this.’ He snapped the book shut. ‘Might I borrow it?’
Dalton’s tone was flat. ‘No.’ 
Campbell’s face twitched. His companions lost interest in Falwell and turned their regard on him. ‘You misunderstand me, Mr Dalton. Though I keep to an impression of civility, it was not a request.’ Campbell made to leave with his cronies in tow. ‘It shall be returned when I have had my fill of it. Gentlemen.’
Falwell gaped as they left. Dalton watched in silence. ‘I say, what a ghastly oaf. I believe old Lachlan had the measure of that one, eh?’ He straightened, pulling at his waistcoat and brushing himself down. ‘I shall make a strongly-worded objection to the head of year on your behalf, first thing tomorrow!’
Dalton’s expression was unreadable. He shook himself and blinked, as though in surprise. ‘I would rather you didn’t, old fellow – these things have a habit of escalating. Though I might take you up on the offer of borrowing a text if you would be so kind? I’m certain Mr Campbell and I will find an accord before long.’
Falwell didn’t like the way Dalton was staring into the shadows but nodded anyway.

‘Mr Dalton, are you with us?’
The man was about forty years of age but looked older. You could see it in his face – a life of pernicious diets, of hard liquor and tobacco, of poor food and excess. The skin was yellowed and weathered by deep lines, and the nose was bulbously florid with broken veins. And though the eyes were stitched shut with thin lines of catgut, there was something oddly disconcerting about the candlelight that flickered about the mortuary table, animating the cadaver beyond death.
‘Mr Dalton, this fellow shows little more patience than I. Should you keep him waiting much longer you will know his displeasure in the foul airs that, even now, gather within and are soon to be released.’
Dalton held a scalpel, polished to a mirror that caught the light. Despite the anatomy professor’s words, he found something endlessly fascinating in the blade. And in the shape of the cadaver, awaiting its touch. 
The words had meaning too, and he tore his gaze from the body, finding the collective gaze of a dozen first and second years watching him in impatience and interest. They all wore pristine linen aprons, unstained by blood, pus or other bodily fluids. By comparison, the professor’s was unwashed and heavy with dried gore. Campbell’s eyes were gleeful with Dalton’s hesitation, smirking, along with a raised eyebrow. 
Falwell nodded, encouragingly. 
‘Mr Dalton, perhaps it is time to remind you of your station here.’ 
The professor was speaking again, glaring over his spectacles. ‘You, as do your associates here, wish to become a man of medicine.’ He made an encompassing gesture before placing his hands over his heart. ‘While I, as lecturer in the noble art, wish to complete your instruction and settle down to a supper of liver and onions before the day is out. To that end, would you mind hurrying along and make the first cut in our dead friend here, if it’s not too much trouble?’
There was an outbreak of nervous laughter. Falwell stared at his shoes. ‘Perhaps you should not speak too harshly, sir.’ Campbell kept his eyes on Dalton as he spoke. ‘Mr Dalton had the misfortune to lose his parents in a storm-tossed sea recently. He is also ignorant of the world beyond the rustic crossroads he hails from. It would seem natural that he be shy about the dead.’
The anatomy professor removed his spectacles and massaged the bridge of his nose. ‘I am well aware of your colleague’s unhappy history, Mr Campbell – we are not all so lucky with our station. Yet here he has an opportunity for redemption, to make for himself a distinguished tomorrow.’ Spectacles back upon his face, he leaned heavily on the anatomy table and glared at Dalton. ‘If he would only do his duty.’
Dalton wasn’t listening. The last of the candlelight was fading, a rising darkness displacing its warmth. 
Everything grew distant – the professor of anatomy, the other students, even Falwell. All he could see was Campbell and his self-satisfied, smirking face. The scalpel was part of him, an extension of his body, and every muscle, every tendon, every vessel that beat with Campbell’s blood, was his to exploit. The corpse beneath his blade was poor quarry, cold and inanimate – nothing compared to the figure before him. 
A word pushed itself in. 
Prey.
Campbell smiled – just a touch too far – reaching his eyes and making him vulnerable. Dalton lunged in a whiplike arc, the scalpel finding the artery in his neck and sending a fountain of blood from him – the stupid smirk turning to wide-eyed horror as he fought vainly to stem the blood that bubbled and spilt between his fingers.
‘Mr Dalton, I give you fair warning – do not test me.’ 
The professor was speaking. Campbell was still smirking away at him, and the darkness receded with the bloody vision, replaced by the mortuary’s cold and a dozen or so pairs of eyes. ‘You will not obstruct my lessons or the prospects of your fellows. Either do duty to your patient or get out of my—’
There was a hiss of released gas and a sigh of collective disgust as the scalpel jabbed the corpse’s swollen belly, shrinking over the organs within. Dalton put the blade to the cadaver’s flank and drew it quickly through skin and muscle, moving with an unearned skill as the professor hurried to catch up. ‘Mind you do not cut too deep! Keep the viscera intact as you go. Good, Mr Dalton – good!’
He didn’t release the scalpel as he finished, peeling away the abdominal wall to a collective, and nervous, approval of all present.
‘Well, now – it seems that Mr Dalton has some proficiency after all. Thank you, young sir. Now, gentlemen. If you look here . . .’
Falwell was watching him with a mixture of admiration and concern – his friend was still staring at Campbell, the smirk long gone from the older student’s face.
Dalton’s knuckles were white.

‘How did they die?’
‘My parents?’
‘Mmm.’ 
Falwell had been dancing around the subject for weeks, Dalton was sure of it. He didn’t blame him – the man was simply trying to be a good friend, and he’d told himself he would be happy to discuss the matter when the time came. 
The time, however, was now, and now found Dalton shying away from the telling. Somehow the words died in his mouth. Nothing seemed to do them justice, so he stared at the refectory’s fire, crackling with a hypnotic light, and listened to the autumn rain that hammered the windows.
A storm-tossed sea. 
They’d shared a glass or two of spirits, relaxing in the comfortable leather wingbacks and spoke wistfully of home. It was inevitable the subject of Dalton’s parents would come up, but it didn’t mean he had to feel good about it, and he picked his words carefully. ‘When my place at Edinburgh was confirmed, they took ship to Bristol. My father’s brother imports coffee, you see.’ The rain beat harder against the glass. The words became difficult. ‘The storm that rose in the Irish Sea has become a bit of a legend among those who fish the north-west coast. My parents’ bodies were never found.’
Falwell was staring, unable to tear his eyes from the man who was fast becoming his friend and shivered the dismal feeling away. ‘I say, old fellow. I—you do not have to speak of it, I sought only to relieve you of your burden a touch.’
Dalton was silent. Falwell frowned, seeking something to lighten the mood when the other man pushed his hair from his eyes and shrugged. ‘They were very proud when I was accepted at Edinburgh – I would not let that esteem go to waste. If through my education I might put an end to the suffering of others, I might honour their memories.’
Despite Dalton’s obvious embarrassment, Falwell saluted him. ‘Hear, hear! And so shall we raise a glass to those memories? For they have raised a fellow truly more decent than anyone here.’
Dalton burst out laughing, blushing at the words. Still, he raised a glass in a salute of his own, the clink of crystal drowned in the pops and hisses from the fire.
‘A toast! Well, now – to what do we drink?’
Falwell’s smile disappeared as he stared at the smirking fellow who sat heavily in the vacant chair. Campbell crossed his legs and steepled his fingers above his copious belly, looking inquisitively from one to the other. 
‘Nothing of consequence, Mr Campbell,’ said Falwell. ‘Dalton and I were speaking of the past, of the foundations we stand upon, that—’
‘The past! Of course,’ Campbell put a hand to his head and closed his eyes. ‘My dear Dalton – you must forgive me. I’ve been slapdash in not returning the text you so graciously loaned me.’ Falwell frowned at the false humility. Dalton said nothing. ‘Your book, sir. And, as I am sure you will not mind, some notes I have made in the margins to improve those you made yourself.’ He tossed it haphazardly onto the table between them. 
Dalton stared at the book. Falwell cleared his throat. ‘Look here, Mr Campbell. I really think this is not the time or place—’
‘Indeed? You seek to lecture me on the nature of time and space, young Falwell?’ Campbell’s smirk was gone, replaced by something more dangerous, and the younger student glanced away. ‘Of course you do not, nor would you, sir.’ 
The smile returned as he returned his attention to Dalton. ‘As one who sets such store in the past, perhaps you would care to join me and some other fellows in the end of term fencing tournament? I can assure you you will find it enlivening, being the sport of a true gentleman.’
‘Never tried it,’ said Dalton.
‘Of course not. And why would you? For it is the fortune of you unlucky fellows to be instructed by those of us better schooled and better bred. I will bid you good day, gentlemen.’
He stood and straightened his waistcoat, waiting for their acknowledgment. Falwell nodded and kept his eyes low. 
Dalton raised his glass, and the man was gone, leaving them silent, but for the crackling of logs and the pattering of rain.
‘Damn. If there is a more irritating fellow in this place, I for one do not wish to know of it.’ Falwell gulped the last of his drink and waited for Dalton to answer.
Dalton didn’t hear him. 
Everything was becoming dark.

A mantle clock struck the hour in the quiet study. The dean of the faculty sat and eyed the young man with curiosity. There wasn’t anything particularly objectionable about the first year as far as he could tell – certainly, he could do with a haircut, the way his rowdy hair fell about his eyes irked him, and he made a mental note to mention it later. But the laddie seemed personable enough, polite and respectful. He did, however, have a disconcerting manner of maintaining one’s gaze that bordered on impudent, though as he had come to note, the lad had a tendency to look through you, rather than at you. 
He bit on his irritation as he stood. He was the head of the faculty – a man of consideration, sober and not to be trifled with. Placing his hands on the lapels of his gown, he made his way to the study’s sash windows and took in the courtyard below, an eyrie-like view he never tired of. 
‘How are you finding your first term at Edinburgh, young Dalton? Settling in nicely, are you?’
His tone was off-hand but still there was a firm pause, and the dean frowned, unused to waiting on a student.
‘Indeed so, sir. The studies are all I had expected, a fascination I have long held to. And a salve to more particular hurts.’
Young Dalton’s eyes were downcast as he turned on him. He was staring at a globe of the world, standing beneath a bookshelf, burdened with texts. ‘Ah, your parents’ unfortunate passing. I was saddened to hear of their loss.’
The lad said nothing. The poignancy of the moment, coupled with Dalton’s quiet dignity, made his duty that bit more onerous. Clearing his throat, he drew himself up. ‘Your lecturers speak highly of you in both your practical and written capacities – remarkably so. Indeed, they can find nothing – nothing – no fault of knowledge nor error of design in your essays or confirmation papers.’ He was watching the young man, seeking signs of artifice or unease in his posture as he spoke. ‘Outstanding results are not unknown in new fellows, after all, the faculty is a leading light in the world of medicine, though in a fellow of such, ah – humble origins it is singularly unusual.’ Folding his arms, he adopted a sternness of posture he had little stomach for. ‘Your heads of departments, Mr Dalton, have doubts. Therefore I have doubts. Do you follow?’
At first, it seemed as though the young man hadn’t heard, then a curious flurry of expressions, from confusion to pain, passed over the lad’s freshly shaven face. ‘I—am supposed of deceit, sir? Of cheating?’
The lad’s flat stare was back, with a resentful gleam to back it up. The dean returned his gaze and sought to mollify him with a shake of the head. ‘No, laddie, you are not. As head of year—’
‘I have nothing, sir—nothing.’ Dalton stepped forward, breaking the respectful stance. His voice was low and his eyes hard. ‘My mother and father are lost to me – I have none of the advantages of birth so many who come here boast of. I would honour my parents in the most reverent manner, and you have no business—’
‘Do not lecture me on my business, Mr Dalton! I hold the office of dean, and my responsibilities go beyond the wounded pride of a callow youth, raised from the gutter and ignorant of his place, sir!’
Dalton was gaping at him. There was no apology in his eyes, just confusion. Softening his tone with a sigh, the dean placed a hand on the lad’s shoulder. ‘I spoke unkindly, Mr Dalton. You must understand, I have a duty to maintain the honour and reputation of not only the faculty but the university. This revolution in France spreads its malcontent like a reek – vigilance in discipline must be kept.’ Smiling, he drew the anger from Dalton’s stare. ‘It is not a duty I relish, and I would ask your forgiveness, as I maintain to my colleagues that your character is as flawless as any who have passed through our doors.’ 
He let his hand fall and stepped back, waiting for the lad to speak.
‘Your words are indeed kind, sir. And I must appeal your forgiveness – my words were born on a grief I have yet to master.’
The dean breathed a silent sigh and was about to say more when Dalton’s flat stare returned. ‘Though you may be assured, the quality of my work will lessen not a jot.’
‘I would sincerely hope not, laddie.’ Clapping his hands, he turned to his desk and slid open a drawer, taking a glass and bottle of spirit from within ‘And I will drink to that. Will you join me in a glass of malt?’
‘Never tried it, sir.’
‘That, you will learn, will be the pinnacle of your education.’

‘Everything all right, old fellow?’ Falwell was waiting outside, having promised to teach him the essentials of the gentleman’s sport before supper, a brace of fencing steels carried in one hand. Dalton closed the door to the dean’s office quietly. ‘Thought I heard raised voices.’
‘A simple misunderstanding is all.’ He put a hand to Falwell’s shoulder and steered him away. ‘Quite a decent fellow, the dean, I like him—’
They stopped at once, finding Campbell standing predictably before them, arms folded and an intolerable smirk on his intolerably handsome face. ‘Problems, Mr Dalton?’
‘Nothing of the kind – a simple misunderstanding, is all.’
Campbell unfolded his arms and examined his nails. ‘A little bird tells me you were to answer a disciplinary matter.’
Falwell spoke up. ‘Oh yes? And how were you to know of such—’ 
Dalton’s hand was on his arm, and he stopped, embarrassed. Campbell turned away, speaking over his shoulder. ‘For the life of me, I can’t think how these rumours start. Hopefully, this shall be the last of such scandals – the faculty can ill-afford threats to its reputation.’
They watched as he left them in silence. 
‘Dalton—’ 
Falwell was cut short as Dalton took a steel from him.
‘I think, my particular friend, that it’s high time I got the feel for one of these blades.’

They sat and watched. Campbell dispatched opponent after opponent.
Edinburgh’s vast gymnasium had been given over to the noble art of fencing, and the second-year faced his rivals, matching them with an ease that was as irritating as it was contemptuous, dropping his guard and allowing them a moment of fleeting triumph before countering their strike and sending them away in disarray. You could see it in their eyes – the grievance, the hurt of being turned so effortlessly, made clumsy and oafish before their fellows. 
And before the ladies, too. Being a Sunday, the university had allowed the presence of the well-to-do townsfolk, along with wives and the unattached gentlewomen – chaperoned, of course – who watched from a respectable distance and clapped and tittered at Campbell’s polished skill.
‘He’s good, there’s no denying that.’ Falwell’s tone was bleak, murmuring as Dalton weighed the foil, laying across his lap. ‘Likes to toy with his opponent, damn his vanity. I think you might capitalise on that, old fellow – the majority of his attacks are feints. Take a chance and ignore one or two of them.’
A brace of young ladies in promenade dresses were watching and whispering behind their hands. Falwell beamed at them and nudged his friend. ‘I say, Dalton, I think you’ve made something of an impression.’ 
Dalton looked up and blushed, straightening his unruly hair and clearing his throat as Falwell’s grin grew wider. ‘What’s this? James Dalton, ordinarily so composed, now ruffled at the attention of a charming petticoat?’ 
Falwell was positively ebullient at his friend’s discomfort. ‘Is this, then, the spark of frailty that makes you as human as the rest of us? Your Achilles Heel? Would Icarus’s Wings not seem so—’ 
‘Falwell. You’re being an oaf.’
Falwell shut up. 
Though only for a moment. ‘Do you find no comfort in the attention of the fairer sex, old fellow? You can’t have failed to notice the attention your presence arouses when in the company of ladies.’
‘Of course! It’s just . . .’
‘Yes?’
Dalton sighed and closed his eyes. ‘Don’t think me single-minded.’ He paused. ‘Actually, perhaps you should. At this time I find myself enlivened by the subject of medicine and all its mysteries, stirred by boundless possibilities, don’t you?’
‘Well, yes – but all work and no play, eh?’ He gave Dalton another nudge and threw in a conspiratorial wink for good measure. 
Dalton shook his head. ‘Should I happen across a lady of wit and sober erudition, remarkable in looks and poise and with a thirst for life’s mysteries, then I might concede to some moments in her company.’ 
Falwell stared at him ‘I think then, my friend, that unless you find a lady, dark in sentiment as yourself, you shall play the eligible bachelor for many years to come.’
Dalton matched his friend’s smile with a chuckle. His smile faded at Campbell’s approach. ‘Mr Dalton, are you deaf? The director has called your name twice. Are you too shy to face me?’
Falwell held up his hand for Dalton to shake, pulling him close and whispering. ‘Remember to watch those feints – let him overreach himself.’
‘I’ll try to remember that.’
He followed Campbell back to the strip – marked out in chalk on the gymnasium floor – and made a couple of practice swings with his buttoned sabre, raising smiles of approval from the spectators and a sneer from Campbell. 

The blade felt good, better than the scalpel, even – an extension of his self, something long lamented. 
The director, a doctor of anatomy, no less, called the jury of third-years to attention and nodded as the competitors took their positions. Dalton breathed deeply and puffed out his cheeks, settling himself. Campbell was watching him with the same predictable smirk.
‘En garde!’
At the director’s order, they closed, each man lifting their weapons and touching blades. Campbell shook his head disdainfully. 
Dalton saw the gamesmanship for what it was.
‘Pret.’
Saw the gamesmanship as he saw the background fade like the coming of sudden night. But for his opponent, everything faded and went black, and he saw every nuance of stance, every twitch of muscle, glance and flicker of the man’s eyes before they were made. 
Campbell was revealed to him – him alone. 
All his pitiful deficiencies were laid bare – a corpse on a mortuary stone, awaiting the touch of his blades. The result had never been in doubt, though doubt was just what grew in Campbell’s eyes, the assured light going out of them. 
He wasn’t smiling now.
Dalton watched impassively from the darkness. 
From somewhere far away came the director’s voice.
‘Allez!’



Chapter 3

Making A Name



The Siege of Antioch, The First Crusade, 1098

Antioch’s walls stretched before the plains and rose high into the hills, touching a starlit night. Dominating the Orontes valley below, the crusader camp and the colourful dome-tents occupied by lords of battle and the soldiery that owed them fealty, spread before the ancient walls. To the west, set inconveniently far from the river as befitted a latecomer, an open tent, banded in the blue and white of Aquitaine, flew a pennant to show the presence of its lord. 
Philip, Baron of Gascony, sat at a crude table eating a stew of spiced lamb. Billeted near the army’s baggage train, he cursed his luck. A handsome man with a short beard and hard eyes, he had a reputation for ruthlessness in battle and a short-temper to match. The death of his squire two days past had blackened his mood to the point that his attendants avoided his company, and only his cousin, Sir Stephen – one more crusader knight in an army of thousands – sat at his side and ate with him. 
‘So, you have a man in mind for a new squire, cousin?’ 
Stephen posed the question casually, mopping up the last of his stew with a hunk of bread. Reaching for a cup of watered wine, Philip stared into the night. ‘No. But that cleric, Father Raymond, the one who sticks his nose into everyone’s business like a mother-hen, mentioned a fellow. Calls himself “Adam.”’ 
‘Adam? Squire to poor Ranulph who fell two days back?’ 
Philip finished the wine and struck the cup on the table. ‘Poor bloody Ranulph indeed. If the damn fool hadn’t been capering around the walls like he was invulnerable to arrowheads he’d still be alive now. Pious prick’s everywhere, cousin. God is no fool – if men looked more to their arms and stopped expecting the almighty to nurse them through battles like babes-in-arms we’d have one more knight to carry the city.’ 
Stephen grinned and sat back. There was truth in Philip’s words, but the grin faded at the thought of Ranulph’s death. He had been a good man and as strong a knight in war as Stephen had ever known – dismissing him so was excessive, though knowing his cousin’s temper he held his tongue. ‘What do you know of this squire – “Adam,” was he called?’
‘Nothing, why?’
Stephen lifted his cup and nodded. ‘Your varlet is back. And I see a young man-at-arms beside him.’
Philip stared through the tent-flap, catching sight of his grey-bearded attendant. The man was accompanied by a young lad with shaven head, wearing scarred leather armour and carrying an archer’s helmet. A gauntleted hand rested on a sword hilt as they made their way through an avenue of torches.
‘Jesus fucking wept!’ 
Stephen winced at the blasphemy as Philip rose. ‘He can’t be in more than his seventeenth year. What in hell was Raymond thinking, sending a boy like that to carry my flag?’ 
Not for the first time did Philip rue the moment his squire had fallen. It had taken years to hammer the lad into a semblance of knightly servitude, and now he faced forging another to become worthy of his pennant. His fingers whitened about the cup, mouth moving in quiet profanity. Stephen placed his hands on his stomach and stared at a starlit sky. ‘You know, cousin, Father Raymond told me that this squire, this “Adam” is a superior horseman and that he carried Sir Ranulph’s body alone back from the walls to the hospital in Sephramea.’ His voice became quieter as Philip turned his gaze on him. ‘And he survived the sea and road from England, which he must have begun in, what, perhaps his sixteenth – maybe fifteenth year?’ 
Philip kept his eyes on his kinsman, who turned away, finding something suddenly fascinating in the tent’s stitching. A cough brought his attention to the verge of the awning, and Philip, Baron of Gascony, found himself staring into the unwavering blue eyes of the shaven-headed youth who would appeal to become his attendant. 
‘My lord, allow me to present Adam of Alnwick, former squire to Sir Ranulph, God rest his soul, who seeks employment as your knight-retainer.’ 
Philip’s varlet had spoken, and the young man called Adam fell to one knee, head bowed and sword grounded in obeisance. 
Philip said nothing and the sombre mood became palpable. ‘Well then,’ Stephen rose, breaking the silence. ‘If you are to become Sir Philip’s retainer we’d better have a look at you. Shall you rise and face your master?’ 
‘I can speak for myself, cousin.’ Stephen bowed his head and stepped aside, catching the varlet’s eye with a raised eyebrow of his own. A smile ghosted across his face, keeping his eyes forward. ‘On your feet, boy.’ Philip moved before him, sitting on the edge of the table with arms crossed. The boy had martial bearing, certainly – an archer’s helmet under one arm, sword carried at his side, and his curiously sharp eyes that caught the torchlight with a strange gleam. He was good-looking too – full lips, high cheekbones, skin undarkened by the eastern sun and untainted by pox or scars. 
‘Well?’ 
Philip let the question hang. Stephen saw it for what it was, a test of the young man’s mettle, deliberately vague, designed to discomfort the lad before his new master. When he spoke his voice was resolute but soft, almost feminine. ‘Sire, I am yours to command. I will tend your arms and armour and carry your flag to battle. I will defend you with my life and will combat your foes with due diligence. I will not fail you in matters of fealty or courtesy and will remain yours until you release me from bonds of service or death take me.’
Stephen had to admit, the lad made a first impression. Philip held his gaze as he stood, speaking of loyalty and death. ‘Servus meus, mea armiger, in mortem.’
‘Iuro ad hec omnia dum mea me Dominus solvit.’ 
Stephen exchanged a glance with Philip’s varlet – from a young lad, this was impressive. 
Philip stood beside him, holding his gaze and speaking in French. ‘Voulez-vous me donner votre serment?’ 
It was a whisper, the oath an implied threat between knight and retainer. 
Adam turned to his liege-lord and swore his fealty. ‘Au nom de Dieu, je le jure.’ 
It was done. Sworn before God.
Phillip had his man.

The stink of blood rose in the dust of the shallow gorge – a tributary of the Orontes, bubbling deep between sheer valley walls. Vultures circled above, calling impatiently and the young squire who called himself Adam stood with eyes in shadow, sword and shield held before him. 
The body of his foemen lay at his feet.
Another figure, a Saracen cavalryman who had watched the Christian soldier dismount and fell his countrymen, gazed awestruck from his mount. The horse was skittish in the presence of so much blood but he was bound by duty to remain, to defend his kinsman, trapped beneath the mount that blew and whinnied pitifully. The beast would not survive, that was obvious, and it struggled to rise, again and again, causing it’s master so much pain as it heaved over his crushed legs. 
He turned to the other rider, supine atop his mount that stood by the stream, watering itself. There was a foot of sword emerging from his back where the Englishman had cast it, end over end, to bury itself in his chest.
He stared at the English squire and his grip tightened on sword and shield. The sun was low in the sky and the squire kept his face low beneath his helmet.
The eyes gleamed in shadow, and the Saracen felt his death draw near.

‘After them, boy!’
Philip of Gascony had led Stephen and his young squire in pursuit of the sally-force, the body of Saracen horsemen who defied the besiegers – urging their horses to the gallop and seeking to lose the crusaders in the valley’s depths. Philip and his men had heard the cries of spearmen as the cavalrymen broke their line and set off in pursuit, the sally-force splitting in two. The mounts had been driven cruelly hard to overtake a large group, and a smaller band that Philip ordered Adam after with the point of his sword.
‘Alone? Cousin, he cannot follow them without support!’ Stephen shouted at his kinsman as Philip flogged his horse with sword and spurs until blood ran from the animal’s flanks.
‘He will honour me with success or fall in the attempt. Either way, he will do his duty!’ Philip snarled at his kinsman as Stephen spared the squire a final glance, watching in wonder as the lad touched his helmet in a gesture of fealty before separating from them, turning his horse away in a hammering of hooves and dust.
Christ, the lad was actually smiling as he went after them!

‘You cannot take me prisoner, Christian, I am bound to return my kinsman – I cannot fail in my charge.’
The Saracen had watched, appalled as the young squire had cut his cousin’s mount from under him, had taken his fallen sabre and cast it with deadly force to bury itself in his companion, lying dead atop his mount – scattering his senses as he faced the Englishman. 
The young squire lowered his eyes. ‘His mount is dead and he will soon follow – his venter and legs are crushed and his breathing grows weak; his heart beats fitfully in his breast.’
‘Regardless, I must return him. Is not your God compassionate and gracious, abounding in love?’ It was a poor speech, though the young squire seemed hesitant.
‘You are versed in our holy book?‘ 
‘The conducts in your Bible are represented in the Holy Quran. We have more in common than you know, Christian. Certainly more than the callous anger of your lord, who makes his name through cruelty.’ The words were met with silence, and he pressed on. ‘Why are you here, Christian? Before the crusaders came to these lands all peoples, all faiths were tolerated, even union between people’s of differing churches – a peaceable accord in God’s earthly kingdom.’ 
The squire stayed silent, eyes downcast as the Saracen took a step away from his mount. 
‘Since the Christian campaigns have come to this land I have seen such atrocities committed in God’s name.’
‘I have my reasons.’ 
The Saracen raised his sword. ‘Ah, then it is salvation you seek. Past misdeeds have rendered you unworthy to enter God’s kingdom and now you follow the cries of the holy pontiff, who sits in splendour in a distant land – “Slay the heathen, for in their blood is your redemption,” echoing the words of your messiah, yes? – “I did not come to bring peace but a sword.”’
The Englishman didn’t answer, just stared into the dust. 
‘Christian, your skill in battle is beyond question, but to deliver me to one such as your lord would be an evil indeed.’ He moved closer, his shield before him and sword held low. ‘I cannot allow that.’ 
The steel of his sword blurred as he brought it over his shoulder to bury itself in the Englishman’s neck and strike a killing blow. 
A crash of metal on metal and the squire’s shield countered the strike, the Saracen’s eyes wide as he found the tip of the crusader’s sword an inch from his throat. 
Another ring of metal as the blade was turned, the Saracen stepping back to stare at the Englishman over the rim of his shield. The crusader didn’t press an attack, nor raise his sword, but gazed impassively at the Saracen with his curiously blue eyes. 
Silence once more. The Saracen had played his hand and failed. There would be no mercy from the Englishman – the encounter would be settled with a death.
Above, the vultures circled. 
‘Releasing your kinsman will hasten his passing. It might be a blessing.’ 
The crusader’s words were wholly unexpected and the Saracen gazed at the Englishman, suspecting a trick. ‘I will help you release him if you wish.’
Despite the sincerity of the words, the Saracen was suspicious. There was no hostility in his stance, yet moments ago he had been a heartbeat from taking his life. ‘Why would you help me, Christian?’
The squire stepped out of the sun, forcing the Saracen to circle him. ‘Your words have merit.’ 
Driving the point of his sword into the dust, it swayed back and forth until he rested his shield against it. 
The Saracen watched a moment. Neither movement nor breath disturbed the crusader’s statue-like poise. There was a crunch as he followed suit, driving his blade into the earth. Standing his shield against the half-buried sword, he kept his gaze on the Englishman as they moved to the fallen cavalryman together. The man’s face was bathed in white, his breathing coming in gasps. ‘His time is near. Move him clear as I release him.’ 
The Saracen watched as the Englishman squatted beside the dead animal and circled the beast’s neck with his arms. Caution became astonishment as the young squire lifted the horse clear of the fallen cavalryman. 
‘Now.’
Grunting with effort, the fallen horseman was dragged free. A sickening gasp rose from his throat as the Englishman lowered the dead animal. Putting his face by his kinsman’s, the Saracen brushed his cheek with a gloved hand. ‘Hasam, Hasam – it is Dawoud.’ 
The stricken soldier’s eyes flickered in answer. Dawoud glanced at the Englishman, watching in silence. ‘Hasam, it is time to go home. I will return you to your father – we will provide for your recovery. You are safe, cousin.’
There was no reply, no movement to suggest the fallen soldier had heard, only a sigh, then silence. 
The Englishman lowered his head. Dawoud put his brow to the earth, while his hands circled his kinsman’s face. 
The vulture’s impatient cries carried far in the valley. Dawoud remained stooped in grief, and the Englishman raised his gaze, shielding his eyes with a hand. ‘You should be gone from here. Scouts from my army will arrive soon. Take your fellow and be away.’ 
Dawoud stood, seeing no threat in the English squire. Gathering the reins of his mount, he returned to Hasam’s body, taking a bedroll from the saddle and spreading it beside him. ‘Will you help me?’ Dawoud’s words were cracked, and he swallowed. ‘I must return him.’
A breath of wind brought relief from the valley’s heat. The squire watched a moment, then knelt beside the fallen soldier, placing his arms beneath him. He stood without effort and carried him to the Saracen’s horse. Between them, the body was hung across the animal’s hindquarters where Dawoud secured the hands and feet with a length of cord. 
The other horse still watered itself, it’s master still limp upon it’s back, staring sightlessly into the sky. ‘I cannot lead his horse like this, and my mount cannot carry another.’ 
‘I will tend him and bury him here.’ 
Dawoud stared at the squire, seeing a flash of regret in his eyes. ‘I have linen in my horse’s trappings kept as bandages. The stream will wash him and the linen will shroud his body.’ 
‘You do not know the words, Christian.’
The squire kept his eyes low as he spoke. ‘“In the name of Allah and according to the religion of the Messenger, from the Earth have we created you, and into it, we shall cause you to return; from it shall we bring you forth once more.”’ 
Dawoud gazed at the Englishman in wonder. 
‘I know your holy book, also.’ A half-smile touched his mouth. ‘I will say the words and bury him, his face to the Kaaba. You have my word.’
A moment longer, and then Dawoud put his foot to his horse’s stirrup, hauling himself into the saddle. Pulling on the reins, he turned to the valley’s exit. The squire stood with hands clasped, watching as he prepared to leave. 
‘Why, Englishman?’ Dawoud’s mount skittered nervously beneath him and he soothed it with a hand. 
The crusader’s gaze shifted, staring over the rocks that scarred the skyline. ‘Perhaps salvation lays between us two. Perhaps God reveals his majesty in the humility of his more modest servants.’ He nodded and the gesture was returned as Dawoud turned his mount to the stream, curving out of the valley. 
‘Peace be upon you, Christian.’ 
Dust raised by the horse’s hooves shrouded the animal and caught the sun as the Saracen walked it along the water’s edge. ‘God will know you for his own.’
The squire said nothing, but stared at the earth.

Prince Bohemond of Taranto, commander of the crusader force, had broken the siege. Winter gave way to spring and the armies of the west were starving and in danger of being overwhelmed by the enemy’s relief forces. Unable to breach the city walls and knowing the crusaders would starve long before the inhabitants did, the great lord – renowned for his cunning, along with his military prowess – conspired a traitor from within. A guard, an unhappy convert to the Muslim faith, was found, and with promises of wealth and position, lowered a ladder from the tower he garrisoned. 
The crusaders scaled the sheer walls by night and opened the gates to the city. 

Stephen faced his foe, a Seljuk foot-soldier armed with spear and shield, circling him, watching the man’s eyes and reckoning his strike. Fires had started in many of the buildings and lit the night with flickering lights, reflected in the eyes of attackers and defenders alike. The screams of anger and pain were remorseless. 
The smell of blood was everywhere.
He was breathing hard, his sword arm ached from cuts and thrusts and his shield grew heavy. His face ached, etched with a permanent snarl since fighting his way into the city, and had already put six of his enemies out of the fight. He had never felt so exhilarated, nor so exhausted. 
The Seljuk came with a thrust of the spear. Stephen caught it on his shield, a moment to recover before the easterner brought the rim of his shield in an arc over his sword and caught him a blow to the head. His helmet and mail took the brunt of it, but the blow still staggered him. 
His sword arm weakened – the shield felt twice its weight. He raised his head with a dreadful slowness, and he saw the face of his foeman, eyes glittering with triumph. The spear was ready to take his life and there was nothing he could do but ready himself to meet God. 
Movement blurred his sight and the Seljuk’s face twisted in a spray of blood. 
The man dropped his weapon and his hand went to his face as a lone figure moved into Stephen’s sight. He carried shield and sword and his weapon went down in a decisive thrust, taking the defender’s throat. Bubbles of gore erupted from the strike, and the figure turned from the dying soldier. Stephen’s head was clearing, watching from a raised knee. A hand gloved in leather was held forth. 
Adam gazed down at him. 
His eyes shone with firelight – no longer hidden by the archer’s helmet, his head shrouded with leather and mail.
Stephen took the lad’s hand and heaved himself to his feet as he breathed again, shaking the stars from his eyes. ‘God bless you, boy. I thought my time was done. Come – let us find your lord and take the fight to the enemy.’
Adam nodded and let his hand fall. Together, they turned to run along the burning street, heading where the fighting was most savage. A plaza, an empty marketplace, had filled with a body of the crusader force, and defenders spilled from porticos and alleyways to meet them. The screams of the dying were overwhelmed by the screams of aggressor and defender alike, and the crush of bodies fought in a mob, a sweat-stink misting the night air as swords and spears rose and fell – an orchestra of blood and metal in Antioch’s ancient forum. 
Stephen caught sight of Philip, fighting on the left flank. Dozens of Seljuk soldiers poured into the square and Philip was in danger of being outflanked, unable to give ground as his bondsmen turned to face the new threat.
‘Come on, boy – time to fulfil your oath.’ Adam nodded and they quickened their pace to close with the enemy.
They were seen in moments – a detachment of Seljuk swordsmen entered the plaza from the west, their approach hidden by buildings lining the highway – and their commander, a heavyset and thickly bearded man carrying a great-sword, saw his chance. Roaring in fury, his men turned toward knight and squire, crying for their death. 
‘Get to your lord – that is your task! I will give you your time.’ Stephen yelled without conviction. If they ran, they were dead. If Adam stayed with him, they were dead. It was a shame to end this way but that was the nature of his life, and his oath to his lord could not be broken. He raised his weapons and fought down his fear as the enemy neared. 
A movement drew his gaze. Adam had not left but remained, the pale face serene in the firelight. 
‘What are you doing?’ Stephen glanced from the young squire to the fast-approaching Seljuks. ‘I told you to get to your lord!’
‘I will, Sir Stephen. First, we must remove this threat. They will take our lord from the last and he needs us both if he is to continue the fight.’ 
Stephen saw the boy smile and could only wonder at his audacity. ‘By God, lad, but I’m glad you’re here.’ He shook his head – the stand was futile, but he was heartened by the boy’s company. ‘Very well, let us sell ourselves not lightly.’ 
He shook and snarled and roared, steeling himself to battle. The enemy came on in two ranks of three, the commander driving them from the rear. Stephen charged the leftmost swordsman, catching his sword on the edge of his shield and thrusting his own weapon under his guard. The edge of the Seljuk’s blade scored his mail and Stephen found the man’s jaw with the point of his sword, feeling flesh and bone give under his strike. It was a grim satisfaction, knowing he was about to die with one of his foes beneath him, and the enemy fell as he wrenched the sword free, hitting the cobbles while Stephen brought his shield up – expecting a fatal blow to land in the same moment. 
No such blow came. In fear, he peered over the shield. 
Adam fought the Turks alone. 
Two were dead or dying, fallen to cobbles slick with blood. The remaining soldiers sought to pierce his defence on three separate fronts, the Seljuk commander screaming orders and insults at his men and the foreign invader. 
It was inevitable, he was a dead man, and Stephen moved to intercept the nearest swordsman to further value the boy’s death.
But he couldn’t – he was dumbfounded, his sword and shield falling as he gazed at the unfolding battle. Adam moved with fluid grace, twisting under sword-cuts and arcs, catching blows on the angle of his shield that missed him by inches. A swordsman overreached himself with his blade and Adam took his eyes with a thrust that sent him from the fight. He reversed his blade and pierced the boot of another, sending him screaming and limping away and lifted his shield in time to catch a hammer-blow from the huge Seljuk commander, the great-sword ringing on the cobblestones as it veered off the shield in a shower of sparks. 
Adam turned with his weapons ready, and Stephen could see the boy was utterly still as the big Seljuk towered over him, clad in thick mail with teeth bared in hate. He was snarling something at the boy that Stephen couldn’t hear. 
Adam mouthed something in reply, and a momentary confusion crossed the big man’s face. Stephen watched in fascination. For a moment, he thought the two had reached some inexplicable accord, a strange courtesy in the dark and dying city.
The scream that issued from the Seljuk commander froze Stephen’s soul. Hate merged with despair as he brought up the great-sword, ready to hammer the weapon down and split the young squire in two. 
‘No!’ Stephen moved forward, too late to help the boy. Confusion had made him useless, and time slowed horribly as the blade fell. It shattered on cobbles under a blow that it was never meant to bear, an explosion of sparks and shards that rang over the noise of battle. The huge Seljuk fell with it, hands at his throat as blood pooled through his fingers.
 Adam’s impossible strike had him choking his life away, beside his dead and dying companions. 
He had his eyes closed and face turned aside, a spray of blood across his jaw and a strange smile on his lips. Blood ran from the tip of his sword, and he turned away with almost sinuous grace. Stephen watched as he approached. Adam opened his eyes – still gleaming with firelight but brighter still – and he took an involuntary step back. The lad licked his lips and drew a gloved hand across his mouth. 
‘Can you join me, Sir Stephen?’
Stephen realised he was talking to him and he gaped at the boy, struggling for words and surprised to be still alive. ‘I can fight. How did – what did you say?’ 
‘I told him his wife and sons would be waiting for him in the hereafter.’ He shrugged. ‘Men are fools.’
Stephen realised his mouth was hanging open and quickly replaced it with a grin, slapping the lad on the shoulder. ‘That we are. Come on then, you can tell me where you learned to fight if we live.’
For the first time since he had met him, Stephen saw the lad’s teeth flash in a smile. 
Together, they turned towards battle.


*

The fighting was done. All of Antioch was in crusader hands. 
Though the blood still ran. 
After the garrison was overwhelmed the rapine began, and months of malcontent and depravation erupted in a night and a day of bloodlust, the armies of the occident venting their fury on the city’s terrified inhabitants. Whether Muslim or Christian, there was never enough killing to satisfy the triumphant crusaders, and the screams echoed through ancient avenues, the western commanders making little effort to contain the excesses of their soldiers, believing it to be the conqueror’s right to plunder. 
Exhaustion curtailed attempts at discipline and many thought the despoiling had gone too far. 
‘How long has he been at his devotions?’
Adam knelt in the hastily consecrated chapel, his hands on the cross-guard of his sword. The sandy floor had been swept by the clerics of the crusader army and an altar raised before the window overlooking the agora. Mounted with a crucifix and a reliquary, it was lit by candles that flickered in soft airs from the Orontes beyond. 
Father Raymond watched from the chapel doorway, turning at Sir Stephen’s approach. ‘Seven hours without food or drink. I have not seen him move an inch.’
Stephen was out of his armour, wearing a simple tabard and sword, befitting his rank. ‘Away to your duties, Father, our young friend is in safe hands.’
‘Would that his hotheaded fellows made time for fealty to God with half his reverence.’
‘Half would be better. Now go, my friend.’
Raymond spared the youngster a glance before disappearing, leaving Stephen rubbing his jaw as he approached the young squire – deathly still before the altar. Somewhere in the Orontes, a jackal called, mournfully, and Stephen weighed his words, letting a hand hover above Adam’s shoulder. 
‘God does not know me for his own, Sir Stephen.’
He snatched his hand away. Coming before the squire he could see the lad’s face was contorted in pain, his eyes shut tight and with a pallor he had never before noticed.
‘Adam?’
‘Nor does he hear my prayers.’
Adam’s hands, still gloved in leather, were taut about the tanned grip. The tip of the sword was driven by inches into the sandstone floor. The squire had his lips drawn, bone-white teeth showing between. 
The jackal’s cry sounded again. ‘Adam.’ Stephen’s voice was firm. The sword was withdrawn, standing on its tip as though it had been all along. ‘There is to be an accolade.’ 
Adam’s face softened, though his eyes remained closed. Stephen backed against the window, just a hole in the sandstone, and looked over the city and the valley beyond. ‘Perhaps your prayers are heard after all.’
Adam came to his feet and turned his eyes on the knight. Stephen’s genial smile faltered under the lucent gaze. ‘My lord?’
‘By the order of Bohemond himself, you are to be dubbed knight of Antioch.’
A moment – a flicker of joy – and then of doubt. ‘And yet, I am not a man?’
Stephen placed his hands on the lad’s shoulders. ‘That you are not. Yet Bohemond has need of heroes – need of heroism. Regardless of your youth, your elevation carries weight.’ Adam watched him in silence. ‘It is a small price, and the honour remains duly won – I myself petitioned your ascension.’
‘My lord Philip did not support this honour?’
Stephen’s hands fell away. ‘Your lord is charged with many offices. As his bondsman, I take my share of responsibilities.’ 
The lad smiled – barely. ‘Thus we speak God’s wisdom in mystery.’
‘That we do, lad – is this then not the pinnacle of your young life? The most confounding, the greatest moment you have yet known?’
Adam turned and fixed him with his eyes. 
‘I believe that moment will keep for another.’

Stephen left the chapel in a sober mood and with a need for ale, if there were any to be had in the ravaged city. Adam’s answer to his ascension had been strangely muted, not at all as he expected. The lad was a wonder of martial prowess and chivalry, and yet he took the news with almost callous disregard.
Had he not saved Stephen’s life and the lives of many others with his sword-skill? Didn’t he deserve the honour bestowed on him? 
It was all a touch vexing.
‘Well, cousin?’
Stephen brought up quick on the torchlit cobbles. Philip of Gascony stepped from the shadows. ‘How did our gallant squire take the news of his accolade?’
‘With his customary humility. One would hardly credit the lad’s assuredness, cousin.’
Philip sneered. ‘I see no humility in this whelp, cousin. I see a barely hidden lust for power, a usurper in the making, not even a man. False modesty bound with false deference, mark these words.’ He folded his cloak about him as he turned in derision, leaving his cousin alone once more
Stephen watched him depart before backing into an alley, searching for a taproom that might still oblige in the late hour. He needed a drink more than ever.

For the first time in months, the western army could rest, sleeping easily beneath a cloudless night. Their enemies were scattered beyond the walls of Antioch and barely a sound was heard in the streets, other than the calls of the sentinels patrolling the ancient walls. Veteran soldiers called it the ‘tempestate tranquillitas’ – ‘the storm’s calm’, a fulfilment made by triumph and exhaustion, and they ate and drank and sang songs of victory. There was nothing to fear in the vanquished city.
The assassin came in the hours beyond midnight. 
Adam, now a knight, remained sworn to Philip and had been accorded the honour of guarding his master’s chamber, away from the agora’s stone barracks. Philip himself had charged him with his protection as he ordered the young knight’s effects moved – a rare smile on his hard features as he commanded the straw pallet replaced by a real bed, a luxury befitting a heroic retainer.
The door to the antechamber opened silently, oiled by the shadowy figure minutes before. Motionless, the assassin allowed his eyes to adjust to the darkness as he held his breath, listening for sounds of movement. 
None came, and he entered the room, drawing a curved knife from its sheath with a whisper of steel on leather. A sliver of moonlight fell across the bed, giving the impression of a body in repose. The stillness elevated the killer’s senses to a knife-edge. He let the door close behind as he came near, choosing his moment. 
His blade was drawn aloft, poised to strike down the sleeping knight. Lifting the head, he exposed the throat, stabbing down, and ended the young man’s life. 
Too late, he realised he was deceived. 
There was no sleeping body, only a collection of blankets and a cushion folded in a silk mantle. In fear, he raised the imitation head as feathers fell from the rent.
The hand that held his blade was taken and pinned to his body – an arm was cast across his throat in a crushing embrace. 
Fear lent him strength and he fought for release, yet the arms pinned him tighter and stopped his breathing. He felt his ribs squeeze and crack under the hideous grasp. Stars exploded in his vision even as he grunted and wheezed and gasped for breath. The grip on his knife failed and it fell to the bed in silence.
A moment’s relief allowed him some air until the arm at his throat stilled him once more. ‘I will release you with no hurt.’
The words were soft, delicate – the arms that held him relaxed. Yet hope faded with the soothing voice. ‘Only, tell me who commands you.’
His fate was sealed. He was bound more surely by his oath and the promise of failure than the figure who held him. The scream built in his throat. ‘Sir Phil—!’
Cut short, he fought against the strangling arm, and again the soft voice appeared by his ear. ‘My thanks.’
The arm slid from his throat leaving a cold hand across his mouth. The lips that had spoken so warmly found his neck. He could feel teeth like shards of glass on him. 
He tried to scream.
All he could do was bleed. 

Philip stirred from a dream, rolling over and untangling himself from blankets to stare into the bedchamber’s unlit vault. Rarely did he find himself troubled by want of sleep, no sentiment to disturb his slumber, but caution demanded his attention. Bohemond would not release his grasp on Antioch and much of his forces would stay to garrison the city, even as the bulk of the crusading armies would march south to Jerusalem. Philip would be ordered to march with them, and just as inevitably, he would need a new retainer. 
Adam had been a good squire, there had been no doubt, but the swiftness of his ascension, along with his assurance, was unnerving. The boy was trouble, and Philip could smell trouble as a rat smelled rotten meat. His cousin would see the sense of his action, regardless of his fondness for the young retainer. Not for the first time, Philip grimaced at the thought of Stephen’s compassion. Wars were not won through mercy but by ruthless force. It was simple attrition that drove victory. 
Subtlety was for fools.
Clouds parted to unveil a moonlit sky, throwing streaks of silver through a window of slatted wood. Drawing a breath, he thought on the task he had appointed to the man under his command, a particularly cold-blooded man, and realised that it would now be done. With a smile that was more a sneer, he accepted the inevitability of the task, paid for with threats over money, and allowed himself a sigh as he sank into the luxury of his bed. 
One more problem resolved. Subtlety was for fools.
He rolled onto his side and closed his eyes. 
Then opened them. 
Adam sat in a chair, watching him.
The young knight was dressed in sackcloth, with sword unsheathed and resting across bare legs. His eyes shone in the darkness. 
Philip’s mind cleared. This was no dream. He saw the knight blink once, then turn to stare through the window. 
‘I came to this place seeking salvation.’ 
The soft voice was assured, certain. 
Philip’s man had failed. 
Slowly, he rose from the bolster, eyes fixed on the young knight, and slipped his hand beneath, seeking the hidden blade.
‘There is no salvation here.’ Adam’s voice was edged with sorrow. ‘More damnation than redemption – a stage for the rivalries of kings and church fathers, where citizens and commoners suffer most.’
Philip’s fingers touched the handle of the knife and he weighed his chances. The youngster had a hand on the grip of his sword but the blade was turned away with his gaze. The threat was implicit, yet he was wholly unprepared for Philip’s gambit. 
His fingers curled about the handle of the blade and his heart leapt as he saw how easy it was to plunge the knife into Adam’s heart. 
There was a flicker of steel in moonlight and Philip gasped as the point of the sword touched at his throat.
He had one hand on the mattress, one still grasping the handle of his knife, and watched, frozen. Adam’s gaze stayed on the flagstones as the point of his sword lifted Philip’s head. ‘At the last have I known there is no path to God through the deaths of others, unless one death may spare the lives of many.’
Philip swallowed, his throat bobbing against the point of the sword and pricking the skin. A drop of blood formed against the blade and ran down the steel’s edge. ‘So, you mean to kill me?’ 
He had meant to sound resolute but his words betrayed him as a whisper. Adam lifted his gaze and spared the blood a moment’s scrutiny before whispering into his face. ‘Kill you, my lord? I swore undying fealty to you, to protect and serve you unto death.’ He sat back, the blade still at Philip’s throat. ‘Besides, what manner of coward slays a man in his bed?’ 
He left the question hanging as Philip’s anger overtook his fear. 
‘As you have determined my service at an end I consider my oath fulfilled and no longer binding.’ Adam lowered the sword as he stood. ‘Moreover, I do not think you would want it known that you had retained a mere woman as your bondsman.’
With that, the squire called Adam smoothed a slender hand over his nightshirt, finding unmistakably feminine contours that brought confusion, and then a gasp of horror from Philip.
Deep in the Orontes valley, the jackal laughed.
‘Witch.’ 
The word hung in the air, croaked from Philip’s throat, even as his former squire placed her head on one side and smiled sweetly. 
‘Witch!’ The word was hissed through his teeth and he raised the trembling blade.
‘Are we to have a contest of name-calling, then – murderer?’ 
The door opened under her hand as she made to leave. ‘Adam was my father’s name. You may not know mine, Philip of Gascony, but I will assure you that you will never hear from me again.’ She stepped through the door and looked back with a flicker of amusement. ‘Nor will I hear of you, my lord.’ 
Her final words were a cruelty he could never match.
‘Your passing will not be noted.’

A contingent of Saracen cavalry watched the column of refugees making its way out of the Orontes. Christian, Jew and Muslim walked in unison, raising a halo of dust in the setting sun – the sky the colour of blood as they left the conquered city to the crusaders. Most walked, burdened with property and provisions, some drove carts pulled by oxen, while a lucky few had horses to bear them. Where they would go was uncertain – the outlying villages had little space to accommodate such a host and the larger settlements would no doubt fall under the crusading armies before long. Rumour had it that Acre and the western cities would yield before Jerusalem fell, leaving little option but to abandon the coast and plunge deeper into the interior, following the great rivers from Antioch towards the disputed cities in the east.
Rumour fuelled fear, and the column was palled in it.
Dawoud sat astride his horse and soothed the animal as he watched them pass. Most trudged disconsolately under the fading light, pulling veils about their faces against the dust and sought little more than to put one foot ahead of the other.
‘War has taken the heart of this land and it’s majesty with it.’
Dawoud’s commander, the uncle of Hasam whose body lay buried in the Orontes, spoke to himself. Clad in black, he presented a mournful figure, a pair of bright eyes in a weathered face that had aged in the weeks since Antioch had fallen. Dawoud regarded the man with respect – he had rallied those soldiers and cavalrymen who escaped the conquered city and brought them to rendezvous with Arabian and Seljuk forces mustering near the fertile rivers beyond, waiting and watching the crusading armies.
Still, the long column of refugees marched forward. 
‘A battle is lost, lord, yet the war goes on.’ Dawoud had meant to sound bold, but his resolve withered under the man’s gaze, though it quickly assembled into a smile. ‘We will have need of your spirit, my young friend. Not only in the coming months, I fear, but years.’ He turned to the slow-moving column and sighed. ‘Come. There is nothing more to see here.’ A flick of his reins saw his horse turn away, following their path north with his companions in tow.
Dawoud spared the refugee column a final glance. 
His gaze fixed upon a rider, a woman, clad in black veils that clung to her body and covered her face. She rode astride her mount with a single gloved hand on the reins, swaying in the saddle. Unlike the dejected column of refugees, she was straight-backed and proud, dignified before the teeming refugees. He watched in admiration as she approached, taking her for a noblewoman, probably widowed since the breaking of the siege. 
As she neared, her eyes found his and he saw that they were the deepest blue, gazing at him from a face veiled in sable. She inclined her head as they passed, raising her hand to touch her heart, her lips and her brow, and as she raised her head the setting sun caught her eyes, squinting with a familiar gleam.
Dawoud gasped, going cold under the last of the sun’s warmth. The cavalryman followed her with his eyes as she receded. She moved easily in the saddle as his mind filled with doubt, wondering at her nature – if it were truly possible, or just simple coincidence.
‘Dawoud,’
His commander’s voice broke the moment and he put spurs to his horse, the animal picking up a walk as its hooves raised dust, moving alongside his fellows. Together, they built up a slow walk, sparing their mounts, and he glanced over his shoulder, picking out the lithe figure in black. Moving eastward. 
Into the growing dark.



Chapter 4

The World’s Your Oyster



Dublin, Ireland, 1801

Fleet’s heart was pounding. His breath was short and burned in his chest, a leaden throbbing in his legs to match the heaviness that threatened to slow – to stop him. 
Not that he’d entertain the thought. 
Clouds piled high over Capel Street – beams of light making shadows on the cobbles below. It had rained in the night, freshening the wharfside and leaving small pools beside the narrow stone paving, and the gentry and merchant classes had taken to the streets to make the most of Dublin’s morning air. Here and there they would stop to take in the sights of ships at anchor on the banks of the Liffey. 
Fleet ran along the wide boulevard, leaping one puddle then another, sometimes dodging between shadows and sunlight just for the hell of it. Now and then he’d have to dodge the occasional carriage, skidding over wet cobblestones and letting himself slide out of harm’s way, enduring a barrage of abuse from the coachman while grinning over his shoulder as he headed off into the heart of the city. The odd band of English troops marched in formations of six or more, led by mounted officers, and he avoided their presence, peeling out of their way and running across the far side of the street.
Not that he had any fear of them. Since the rebellion of 1798, the Crown sought to maintain order by flooding the city with troops, the government in London baulking at the idea of another rebellion; particularly after the French had so recently put an end to their monarchy – neatly lopping the heads off their heads of state. 
The troops were a presence, a reminder that Dublin was still part of the British Empire and dissenting voices were not to be heard. One civil war in England’s bloody history was enough for the aristocracy to see where their power sprang from.
‘Halloo, Fleet!’ 
He pulled up sharp, grabbing a stone balustrade and lifting the peak of his cap to squint against the breaking sun. A top-man, legs dangling lazily from the spar of his merchantman’s mainmast, waved cheerfully from on high. The hull of the vessel sat east of the bridge, the fellow a stone’s throw away, along with the smell of tar and salted fish, and Fleet grinned in return. 
‘Halloo, Kennedy! Still too fat to make the royals, eh?’
    Kennedy’s smile faltered, though he recovered well enough. ‘The royals? Sure, I let the younger lads take the sky-sails nowadays. They need the experience and their eyes see farther than any.’
    ‘That the only reason, top-man?’
    Kennedy shinned down the aft shroud – the tar stained cable that stayed and supported the mast – and leaned over the bridge’s balustrades. ‘You looking to make trouble, Leary?’
    They were separated by a few feet of stone and rope, and Fleet leaned on the granite and eyed the fellow. ‘What if I am?’
‘My watch is all but done, and I have liberty to spare to spend on a whelp like you, fellow. Where y’heading?’
    ‘Customs house.’
    ‘O’Malley’s?’
Fleet squinted at the sky once more, taking his time. ‘Well now, I might have a moment to spare for a pint, assuming you’re buying, that is?’
Kennedy patted down his slops, finding a leather pouch hanging from his belt. ‘Reckon I might stretch to a cup or two. Been a month at sea and I’m finding myself flush.’
‘Think you can keep up? I’ve to be at the customs by noon.’
The sailor grinned and was off, sprinting along the wide highway towards the east of the city, tar stained leathers leaving footprints through puddles and pavings. Fleet set off in pursuit, dodging around Dublin’s well-to-do, crying out in shock and indignation as he shot past. ‘Seems I’ve not lost my land-legs, Fleet!’ Kennedy cried over his shoulder. ‘Got the wind to keep up?’
Fleet responded by vaulting onto the bridge’s rail and scurrying along the narrow stone, high over the slow river and the holds of merchantmen below. Kennedy watched, aghast as Fleet leapt from the rail and caught the rigging of a gin pole – unloading the hold of a square-rigged brig – and swung into the back-roads, dropping onto the cobbles and pulling ahead of the seaman in the final few hundred yards to the customs house. 
‘Keep the wind in your sails and out of your mouth, salt!’ Kennedy found himself and tried to close the gap. ‘Too long at sea makes Jack a dull—Oof!’
A patrol of English infantry rounded the corner. Fleet cannoned off the sergeant and rolled away, flailing. Staggering upright, he found himself under a half-dozen raised muskets. He was still breathing hard when the sergeant, straightening the peak of his shako, glared at the runner and stamped towards him. 
‘My apologies, sir,’ Fleet raised his hands and smiled, despite his laboured breathing. ‘I am in dire haste, and—’
‘Don’t fucking sir me, Irish – I work for a living.’ Fleet’s eyes went wide as the incandescent redcoat lowered his spontoon – the half-pike denoting his rank – to rest inches before his throat. ‘What the hell are you about, striking a soldier of the King’s army?’
Fleet felt other eyes on him, a curious public watching the incident unfold, although the glittering point of the soldier’s weapon tended to grab his attention. The sergeant’s eyes held a similar gleam – a nuance he’d seen many times before, normally before someone started throwing punches – and he shrugged, making his tone light. ‘Sure, I had no intention of affronting you, sir—sergeant! I’m about the King’s business myself, on my way to the customs house with important papers, sensitive to the time of day – such is my haste.’ Averting his eyes from the redcoat’s glare, he looked up and shielded his eyes with a hand, patting his sling bag with the other. ‘I’m to have them there by noon or heads will roll, so I’m told.’
Labourers and carters, the well-to-do and genteel, had formed a circle, watching with interest. Fleet made his smile stupidly inoffensive. The troops still had their weapons on him but no longer aiming along the barrels, glancing at each other. A tic formed in the corner of the sergeant’s eye, and his jaw bunched as his knuckles went white on the spontoon’s haft. Fleet swallowed and tried not to blink.
‘What the fuck are you looking at?’ The redcoat nodded at Kennedy, still standing behind Fleet – for all intents and purposes as innocent as a child.
‘Nothing at all, sergeant.’ Kennedy’s hand slapped down on Fleet’s shoulder, who closed his eyes and waited for the words that would see them both hanged. ‘I can vouch for this fellow. I’m of the ship’s company – the Fiscus, docked in yon west quay, and am under escort with him to the customs house.’
It was one of those moments, thought Fleet, that could go either way. Either they’d be bundled off to the guardhouse to face a charge of making an assault on a King’s man – probably after a good kicking from the fellow and his lummoxes – or there’d be a sullen accord and no more said. The sergeant’s knuckles were still white, as white as his face was red, and Fleet felt a shiver down his back. 
‘Give ‘em fair pardon!’    
One of the bystanders spoke, taken up by the others, nodding and clapping – louder now – a unity that found the English troops lowering their muskets, even as the sergeant kept the point of his weapon fixed on Fleet’s throat. There was a moment, a blink of the fellow’s eye, and Fleet felt himself relax, doing his best not to grin. 
Sullen accord it was. 
‘Go on, piss off out of it, Taig.’ 
Fleet bowed low, pulling up the peak of his cap with a hand over his heart. ‘You’re a grand man, sergeant. I’ll be on my way and trouble you no more.’ Turning away, the redcoat brought his spontoon upright and close-ordered the weapon, a final word over his shoulder as he and Kennedy jogged off towards the customs house. ‘God save the King, lobsters!’
Laughter broke up the assembly, even as the redcoats formed up to resume their patrol. The sergeant glared after the disappearing Irishmen, bellowing at his men to shoulder their arms and march on. Kennedy shook his head and chuckled to himself as their destination loomed up before them. ‘Jesus, Fleet, but you’re a lucky son of a bitch.’
Fleet let the bag slip from his shoulder, presenting a note of business to the gate guard and waited for admission. ‘Takes one to know one, salt. And as you can see, I’m here on time and presentable. Indeed, a moment before you.’ 
Kennedy’s smile disappeared. 
‘Give me a minute and you can buy me that drink.’

Three hours later Fleet and Kennedy were drunk as lords. O’Malley’s tavern was ringing with laughter, filled with smoke and song. Kennedy was dancing a drunken Hornpipe while a gaggle of wenches, some old enough to be his mother, clapped and cheered, laughing uproariously as the sailor fell into a table and crashed to the floor, shrieking in pain as a candle spilt hot wax over his neck and bringing ever more hilarity from his howling admirers.
Fleet grinned as he sank the last of a mug of warm ale, half of it trickling through his thin, red beard. The mutton-chops made him look younger than his years, trying too hard to give himself an air of standing that his manner could never match, and he sank back into the chair, putting his boots up on another, oblivious to the muck clogging up the heels.
‘O’Malley! How about another mug for me and my particular friend?’ He saluted Kennedy with his empty pot. The sailor was peeling dried wax from his red and blistered skin, looking put-out as the women helped him to his feet. ‘Sure, he could do with something to dull the pain more than just his addled wits.’
Kennedy grinned back at him, sinking into a chair of his own, before burping and leaning over the side to puke on the floor.
‘Ugh, you dirty bastard!’ One of the women sprang back from the pool of sawdust and vomit. Kennedy hiccuped and smeared drool from his face, though most cheered the three-sheets sailor and clapped him heartily as his head sank back and his eyes closed.
‘Well, maybe just me then, eh?’ said, Fleet.
A mug appeared on the table, polished with the sleeves of a thousand drunks. The tavern-keep – bearded like a swarm of bees and with a temper to match – leaned into Fleet’s face. ‘On the house, Leary. Just get yourself and that pirate out of here afterwards, aye?’
Fleet raised his eyebrows. ‘We have an accord, sir!’ He slid the mug to the edge of the table and placed his lips against the rim, slurping noisily at the foam. ‘Once more unto the brew, dear friends.’ 
A face, pretty in the candlelit gloom, appeared beside him and smiled, leaning across the table and taking care to avoid spilt beer. She wiped the foam from Fleet’s stubble and he blinked at her. ‘You flush then, are you, Michael?’
Her fingers were soft and she tilted her head playfully, her lips parted and her tongue between her teeth. The words were inviting, and Fleet shook his head, trying to focus. ‘Sure, and wouldn’t you like the touch of my coin, Máire? Though I struggle from one day to the next, never certain of my next meal.’
‘Oh please, Michael! I see you in the dockside taverns night after night and never once do you lack for bread or beer.’ She twisted a curl of strawberry-blonde hair about a finger and let her free hand fall to his. ‘Man cannot live on bread alone.’
Fleet blinked and ogled the girl’s neckline. ‘You comparing yourself to the word of God now, eh Máire?’
The whore laughed, a musical sound, and sighed. ‘Well now, there are those who’d suggest the delights I offer are heaven-sent.’ 
She lowered her eyes, watching him beneath her lashes. He could feel his interest rising, and about to say more, when the riverside door opened, bringing with it the stink of the quays. An English patrol, smart red coats and pipe-clay facings, strode into the gloom, the soldiers grounding arms with a thump of brass on wood. ‘Taverner – ale for my men.’
The sergeant had spoken, and Fleet groaned. Despite his cup-shot wits, he knew the man for the fellow he’d crashed into earlier in the day. Máire caught his glance and followed his eyes – just as the redcoat turned himself, pox-scarred face twisting between a smirk and a grimace as he caught sight of the runner. 
Fleet sat back as the sergeant came over. ‘You again? Wherever I find myself, there you are. You’re like a bad penny, Irish.’
‘“Men may liken lettered men to a bad penny,” eh, sergeant?’ Fleet lifted his cup in salute as the redcoat frowned. ‘A great work of English literature, sir – surely you’ve come across it? Perhaps even read it to your men to pass away a dull night’s watch?’
The man scowled and a tic twitched in the corner of an eye. He turned to the bar for something to drink. ‘Just keep your damned noise in check, all right?’
Máire turned back to him, finding him watching her with a satisfied smile. ‘Michael, you are a wonder.’
‘I’m not much for letters myself, Máire, but my ma, God rest her soul, was maid to the Earl Fitzwilliam.’ He sat back, eyes glittering in candlelight. ‘He was a good man, so – insisted his governess teach my ma some letters and some history; she in turn passing them on to me. Didn’t do her much good, though – got too strong a taste for gin, she did. And the rest, as they say, is history.’
    Fleet’s eyes were glassy, not just with ale. Máire stared a moment, then took his hand. ‘Come on,’ she stood, taking his arm with her, and he looked up, dumbly. ‘Let’s get some fresh air. Or at least as fresh as we might find along the docks.’
Fleet couldn’t help smirking as he came to his feet. ‘What about him?’ He jerked a thumb at Kennedy, sitting with his head resting on the ample chest of an admirer and snoring contentedly. ‘Someone needs to get him back to his berth.’
Máire added another hand to his, tugging him to the riverside door. ‘He’s a sailor, Michael – a girl in every port and a knack for making his way home.’
He followed as she pushed open the quayside door. They made their way under the light of lamps, thronging the docks, and of merchantmen, still loading and unloading cargoes. 
‘Máire, I’ve blown my coin on supper and ale,’ he staggered to keep up, slipping on  cobbles. ‘I think I might be about disappointing you.’
She stopped suddenly, and he thought she was about to slap him, followed by a tirade of abuse. Instead, she pulled him close, placing her lips against his and fixing her body to his in a most welcoming manner, caressing his neck with one hand and his arse with another. He could feel her tongue exploring his mouth, despite the taste of a good few hours’ drinking, and she pulled away, smiling, even as she let her hand fall to massage his crotch. ‘I don’t think you’ll be disappointing me this night, Michael.’ Grinning mischievously, she led him on, making for the tenements in the west of the town. ‘I give you this willingly and without charge.’
He staggered after her, a widening grin to match the uncontrollable ache in his britches, whispering to himself. ‘Jesus, Fleet, but you are a lucky son of a bitch.’

Morning brought dark cloud and no sun, and Fleet dashed between stock-houses lining the quays, glad of the gloomy sky – a bright sun was no good for a hangover – yet still he scooped up a handful of water from the top of Inn’s Quay bridge and splashed his face with it, relishing the cold as he whooped and bolted past the courts, ignoring the guards’ stares and entering the counting house’s courtyard. A nod to a doorman saw him into a cramped office of old wooden tables, laid out in a square. Young men passed coins of various denominations and currencies from bags into boxes, frowning at leather-bound ledgers as they inked entries as though their lives depended on it. The light was mean – windows of crown-glass, paned in nets of wood – let in a little light, while a solitary lamp stood in a corner. Over all stood a higher desk, a dais, with an older clerk sitting in white-haired authority over the notaries, and Fleet removed his cap as he approached. 
‘Manifests from the Hellas, the Germain and the Eurydice.’ Fleet held the sheaf of papers before the clerk’s face – and was pointedly ignored. 
The man had half-moon spectacles as small as his eyes perched on the end of a beak-like nose, and scratched with a quill at papers of his own. His fingers were stained with ink, all the way up to his knobbled knuckles. Finally, he stopped to acknowledge Fleet, letting the quill fall and blowing on his hands. ‘You’re late, Leary.’
‘Am I? I wouldn’t know about that, having run myself ragged all along the waterfront this morning. But by my reckoning, I’d be right on time.’ He jerked his head towards the mantel clock, showing precisely 11 o’clock. 
The official followed the runner’s eyes. ‘A full minute late – Fleet.’ He sniffed, wrinkling his nose. ‘And you stink of ale!—the results, I’ll bet, of a night spent in immorality and scant recognition of your duties.’
Fleet resisted an urge to scratch at his crotch. He was miles away, thinking of Máire’s warm bed and warmer body. However the clerk still had more to say, and he blinked in attentiveness as the man droned on. ‘This house serves the interests of His Majesty’s merchant marine and will not play host to those who treat such interests with shoddy accord.’ He indicated a notary with a wave of his quill. ‘Your monies are with my assistant. You may consider yourself warned – this will not happen again, do you hear me?’
Up your arse, you old crow. 
Fleet beamed in the lamplight and bowed low, straightening and jamming his cap over his hair. ‘Perfectly, your honour.’ He made a smart about-turn, undermined by belching loudly, and approached a young fellow in a starched collar. The man was the reverse of the officious clerk – years younger and with thin sideburns – and he returned Fleet’s grin as he stood to shake his hand. 
‘Good to see you, Michael. I think we owe you three and nine for the month.’
Fleet winced. ‘Couldn’t stretch to four, could you, William? I’ve a mind to make some charitable contributions.’
William raised an eyebrow. ‘Ah, so that’s the reason for your slipshod presentation, eh?’ He nudged him with an elbow. ‘Found yourself a doxy for the night and she’s eaten into your purse?’
‘Jesus, you sound like my ma.’ Fleet looked over his shoulder and lowered his voice. ‘Keep it to yourself, eh? Old piss-and-vinegar there doesn’t approve of me at the best of times – I don’t need another reason to provoke him.’
William reached into the counting boxes. Taking three shillings from within, he added ninepence to the total. Glancing over his shoulder, he added another penny, palming it and passing it to the runner. 
‘Good man, William. You’ll not be rich in coin but you’ll always be flush in friends.’ 
Fleet glanced into the counting box beneath the coins. His eyes went wide at the rows of uncut precious stones laying inside. William caught his glance and took a handkerchief from a breast pocket, blowing his nose noisily and dropping the silk over the box. Fleet snapped his eyes up. ‘Put them out of your mind, Leary. They’re imports from the East India company – emeralds, rubies and sapphires, destined for cutting and polishing, and the gentry thereafter. You and I will never know their like.’
‘Wouldn’t know what to do with them if I did.’ Fleet flicked the peak of his cap and caught the chief-clerk watching him, flashing an insolent smirk before opening the courtyard door with a jangle of bells. ‘Always a pleasure, gentlemen. Try and take some exercise once awhile, eh? You’ll take root.’
William laughed, then became silent under the chief clerk's glare.

He dropped into the Liffey’s estuary, sinking up to his heels in briny mud and pressing himself against the uprights of a rotting pier. The sun had set, yet the sky was still streaked with pink. The oystermen were still about, picking a final few shellfish and clams from the beds before the tide drew in.
Fleet, anonymous in a black cloak and with a hood pulled over his face, squirmed against the wood, keeping himself from the eyes of the oystermen. The oyster beds lining the banks of the estuary belonged to the town, and unofficially, the King of England – God save him. Fleet, though, would claim to a cultivated palate, and what was good for the king was good for him. Sloughing the sling bag from his shoulders, he knelt in the mud, feeling for stray shellfish while keeping an eye out. If he were seen they’d have something to say about him taking their trade – a good kicking followed by a night in the cells and up before the magistrates the next day; so he kept a weather-eye out as they left their labour under the advance of the tide. 
One shell followed another, clattering into his bag while the tide lapped at his boots – higher and higher – and he made his bag fast before hauling it across his shoulders.
‘Hey, you! What the hell are you about?’
His heart would’ve leapt into his mouth if he hadn’t been almost expecting it. A grim face glowered down at him from the pier as he turned. He was a big man – bigger than Fleet at any rate, and he had friends with him. They didn’t look happy.
‘Friends – ah, am I glad to see you!’ He smiled within his cowl and spread his hands wide. ‘Could you help me? Clumsy beggar that I am, I’ve lost a purse of money in the mud and can find no sight of it.’
It was still light enough to see by, and they wore the knee-high boots and leather jerkins of estuary workers. The big man’s face was a broken nose over a network of scars – a drinker and a brawler – and Fleet made ready to run as one of his mates spoke up. ‘Shite, he’s taking from the beds. We should—’
‘How much money?’ The big man had spoken, a curious gleam in his eyes.
Here we go . . .
Fleet forced back a grin. ‘Sixteen pounds and five shillings – coins for the counting-houses. There’ll be the Devil to pay if I don’t find it.’
There was a sharing of glances, a silent discourse and then a friendly smile from the big man before his cronies caught on. ‘Well, we wouldn’t want that now, would we?’ Sitting on the timbers, he dropped into the mud with a dull splash. ‘What’s this purse like, then?’
‘A black leather pouch, tied up with thongs – big as your fist! I was here with my girl. Got a bit carried away and it must’ve fallen from my belt.’
Three other splashes followed as the man’s mates followed. ‘Women, eh? They addle your wits. Spread out lads – let’s see some charity for this poor fellow!’
They made a show of solidarity, smiling and slapping him on his back before searching the muck with their hands. Water was filling in their efforts as soon as they cleared it, working fast against the fading light. Fleet made a show of his own, muttering and cursing as he foraged in the mud, all the while watching the oystermen, seeing their frustration grow. He gave them a good five minutes before taking a pouch from his belt and dropping it in a puddle of mud near the big man’s feet, turning away to search a patch of his own.
It didn’t take long to find. Fleet watched from the corner of his eye as he rooted in the muck, the big man casting about and making sure he wasn’t observed before squatting down and palming purse, pocketing it and wiping off his hands. ‘Look, lads – it’s getting dark and the tide’ll be on us in moments,’ he said. ‘We’re back here at first light so let’s get ourselves fed and watered and be back when the tide’s away out.’ Fleet stood and made a hopeless look. ‘We’ll find your precious coins, young feller. You be away and keep coming back until we’ve found ‘em for you.’
He lifted his hands and let them fall, sighing heavily. ‘Doesn’t look like I’ve much choice, eh? Bless you for your help, lads – you’re a grand bunch.’ They nodded in sympathy as Fleet turned slip and squelch away to the pier, finding a rotting ladder and climbing out of the estuary. He gave them a dismal wave, barely visible, in the dark, before putting his head down and running hell-for-leather for the town. 
In the estuary, they gathered about the big man, eager for their prize. Pulling open the purse, he let the contents fall into his hands. 
It took a moment for excitement to become confusion, then anger.
‘It’s just scrap-metal. That bastard’s foxed us all!’

‘Here you go, Máire – one good turn deserves another, eh?’ Fleet tipped out the contents of his bag onto the lass’s parlour table. He couldn’t help but grin as her eyes widened at the sight of fresh oysters, piling on the wood and spilling onto the floor. The house cat jumped back, then sniffed interestedly at the shellfish.
‘Jesus, Michael. How did you come by these?’ Máire’s face was tinged with suspicion and fear. 
Fleet shrugged, dipping a hand in a pocket and flipping a shilling at her, catching it between her hands. ‘Does it matter? Take that to a butchery and you’ll be dining on beef and oyster pie for weeks.’
She looked at the coin, then the pile of shellfish, then him. ‘For Christ’s sake, Michael – if you’ve been at the oyster beds you’ll be hanged! How many warnings have been posted about the town, in taverns and shipyards?’
‘Only my ma called me Michael, lady, and she’s long since passed.’ He scratched at the stubble of his jaw, avoiding her eyes. ‘I won’t make a habit of it, but your generosity is well above my means.’ 
She came near, and he looked away as she searched his gaze, folding his fingers in hers. He looked back again and she kissed him, the lamplight adding to the intimacy, and their embrace grew tight, her hands roaming his back as he caressed hers. 
Fleet’s breathing was becoming hoarse as they kissed, a soft growl building in his throat.
‘Máire?’
It wasn’t he who’d spoken. The voice came from upstairs, and she pulled back, taking his hands again and smiling apologetically as the thin voice called once more. ‘Máire!’
Wonderful. Just wonderful.
‘That’ll be your ma, then.’ Fleet’s smile was as resigned as her grimace was woeful, and she turned to the stairs. ‘I’ll be away myself. I’ve a reputation to keep with the counting houses – best get myself away to my bed.’ He let her hand slip away and pulled the hood over his head, putting his face in shadow as he opened her door to a narrow, moonlit street.
‘Fleet?’ She took a step nearer, hands over her heart. ‘You will take care?’
He couldn’t help feeling a touch of guilt at the urgency in her words, smiling back at her. ‘Doesn’t carelessness keep you curious, lady?’
She was about to say more but he was already gone.

‘Look at that, sir – time in hand and eager for more.’ 
Breathless and ruddy-faced, Fleet stepped from the bright light of the quays into the counting-house, the chief-clerk turning a cold glare on him before resuming his quill-scratching. William rolled his eyes at Fleet, who sloughed off his bag and reached inside for the shipping manifests, passing a string-bound sheaf under the clerk’s eyes. ‘“Never wind or wrack – at least we’ll die with harness on our back!”’
‘If you wish to impress me by quoting Shakespeare, Leary,’ the chief-clerk kept his eyes on his paperwork, dipping the quill in ink, ‘then you are sadly mistaken. Thank you for performing your duties as adequacy demands. As usual, your monies are with my junior.’
William lifted his pocket watch from a patched waistcoat and was angling it towards the window. ‘Five minutes to noon – nice to have you back to your old self, Fleet.’ He glanced at the runner. ‘Or are you buoyed on the joys of another?’
Fleet dropped the sheaf on the desk, smiling but unable to meet the man’s eyes. ‘Don’t know what you’re talking about.’
William closed the gap and lowered his voice. ‘“Love may transform me to an oyster” – a little more Shakespeare to match your own.’ Fleet looked up, sharply. ‘Jesus, Fleet – it’s all over the quays – your night-time adventures in the estuary. Do you know what they’ll do to you if they find out it was you, pilfering from under the noses of the oystermen?’
‘I’ve an idea, but they’d have to prove it was me first, and the evidence is long gone.’ He came closer, keeping the clerk’s boxes of precious stones in the corner of his eye. ‘Why would anyone think it was me about the King’s fisheries, anyway?’
‘Damn it, Michael – you’re mad if you think yourself that sly. Who is she? Who’s the fair maid that’s got you trying your luck, so?’
   ‘What the deuce are you fellows muttering about?’ The chief clerk was on his feet, glaring from the edge of his pulpit. ‘This is a place of work, not a wharfside gin-shop. Mr Leary, your business is concluded – begone from here.’ He kept his sternest glare for William. ‘Sir, if my employment is not suited to you, you are welcome to pack your bags and find yourself another. I hear His Majesty’s Navy is long overdue another press-ganging.’
Press-gangs, both English and Irish, still occasioned the city quays, taking young men to bolster their ship’s companies, and the idea of life on a warship made William blanch, lowering his eyes and mumbling his apologies. Fleet turned out a pocket beside the precious stones and snatched his hand away. ‘Right, sir – I’ve taken enough of your time and should be away, just as you say.’ William collected his wits intent on finding Fleet’s wages. ‘I’ll have it from you tomorrow, William. As I say, I’ve intruded on you enough.’ Pulling on his cap, he opened the door with a peal of bells, letting in the salt-stink of the quays. ‘“Farewell, heat, and welcome, frost!”’
‘It isn’t cold! And stop fucking quoting Shakespeare!’ 
The counting-house in its entirety turned to gape at the chief-clerk, still on his feet and beetroot with rage. 
    
‘Bastard. I should slit your throat.’
They were back in O’Malley’s, back in the gloom and sipping mugs of ale. Fleet lowered his cup and shrugged. ‘Come now, salt. Where’s the harm? We both found ourselves in the arms of pretty young ladies, aye?’
‘Pretty—? Did you see the piece of scrag-end I fetched up with?’ Fleet had his pint over his mouth, trying and failing to cover his mirth as Kennedy recounted his evening. ‘She was grim enough while I was cup-shot with ale. Picture yourself waking up with . . . that – and with a hangover to match her wrinkled arse!’
It was too much. Fleet burst into gales of laughter as Kennedy’s face soured further, though after a moment or two his manner turned easy. ‘You owe me, Leary. I’ve a couple more days and then I’m bound for Tilbury – I reckon it’s down to you to keep me afloat for friendship’s sake. That, and me not boxing your ears.’
Fleet was gasping away the last of his mirth and wiping his eyes, raising the mug for O’Malley’s attention. ‘Fair’s fair, salt – I can cover you till then.’ He eyed the sailor, brightening under the thought of free ale. ‘London, eh? What’s it like?’
‘Big. Dark. Smoky. But filled with life, like you’ve never seen, mate.’ He leaned across the table. ‘You think Dublin’s busy? It’s as nothing to London – there’s folks live there as you’ve never seen, nor will again. There’s goods and cargoes from the world over, not like here, like only the very richest – those stumping in pewter – would ever know.’ Fleet’s eyes gleamed in the lamplight as O’Malley arrived with another round of drinks, passing the surprised tavern-keep a coin without looking. ‘Take it from me, you think the counting houses along the Liffey see wealth? London draws in an ocean of trade, a globe-wide stream of coin and stones. 
‘But you need your wits about you. You can make a fortune there one day, lose it the next, such are those who’d have a mind to rob or cheat you blind. You listening to me, Fleet?’
He wasn’t. He’d stopped listening the moment Kennedy mentioned stones, lowering his eyes and turning out a purse. Leaning across the table, he held up something glistening between his finger and thumb. ‘Stones like this?’
Kennedy’s eyes were as wide as his mouth, then wrapping his hands about Fleet’s and scattering his eyes about the tap-room. ‘Jesus, Leary. Where the hell did you find that?’
He pushed the leather purse back into his tunic. ‘Does it matter? You know about these things, salt – what is it and where can I trade it?’
Kennedy took a long draught from his mug, smearing foam from his lips. ‘Of course it fucking matters! That’s an emerald, and a cut stone at that – it’s worth a small fortune,’ he leaned across the table. ‘So, where did you come by it?’
‘Found it.’ Fleet took a sip from his pint.
Kennedy stared a moment longer, then finished his drink. ‘Found it, eh? However you came by it, you don’t cut shams with me, Leary.’ Fleet matched his gaze as the fellow rose to leave. ‘You’re in dangerous waters, mate – I’d have a mind to put that bauble back.’
Kennedy left by the quayside door with smoke in his wake. Fleet watched him disappear before pulling the thongs on the purse and dropping the gem inside, muttering to himself as he did. ‘Sure, but what about these other seven?’ 

‘Mr. Leary, you continue to impress – ahead of time and presentable once more.’ 
Fleet had fetched up at the counting-house five minutes before noon, despite being delayed by a crooked purser on one of the East India brigs, trying his luck on the young Irishman by making endless offers of smuggled tea and indigo. Fleet pretended ignorance of such back-door shenanigans and finally taken charge of the sulking purser’s manifests, dodging pedestrians and carriage-traffic to make up for lost time. 
‘Yes, ahead of time and presentable. You young fellows could learn from our mercurial runner.’ He swept the counting house’s clerks with a stare under his heavy brow. ‘I’ll take charge of those manifests, thank you, Leary.’ 
Accepting the sheaf from Fleet, he made his way into the back room via a curtain, leaving the runner frowning. ‘Your foreman seems in uncommonly good cheer today, William,’ despite the chief clerk’s absence, he kept his voice quiet. ‘Found himself a bed-warmer? She must be run off her legs, entertaining that old villain.’
William busied himself with his ledger, avoiding his eyes. 
‘Nothing to go back to the docks? William?’ 
The clerk put down the pen, still keeping his eyes low and fidgeting with his hands. ‘You have a packet for the Bridewell, waiting by the door.’ He jerked an inky thumb at a row of boxes. Fleet turned to find a book-sized parcel, tied up with string and sealed with wax. He eyed William, still wringing his hands and looking everywhere but at the runner. 
What was this about?
‘Best be on my way, then. A pleasure as always, gentlemen.’ Tugging at the peak of his cap he let his gaze rest on William a moment longer, before dipping out into the throngs of pedestrian’s and heading east, deep in thought. 
William had the hump and the chief-clerk was too kind by half. If William knew about the pilfered stones? 
But that didn’t make sense – the chief-clerk would have a constable waiting for him if he knew. And probably a couple of English redcoats for good measure. Unless William knew and was covering for him?
Kennedy was right – he’d gone too far. He’d get his business done at the Bridewell and have the stones back in the counting-house boxes by the end of the day, and none would be the wiser!
Quickening his pace, the sky began to grow dark.
    
He could still smell the river here. A mile south of the city walls, south of the estuary and enclosed by hedgerows and stunted trees, stood the Bridewell – an old barracks of slate walls and barred-stone windows, built over two hundred years earlier. More a marshalsea than a prison, it was a hole for wastrels and miscreants, rather than a place of judicial reform, and Fleet jogged along the rain-scattered stones of an avenue made narrow with trees with a new misgiving, drawing the spring from his step. The building was dismal – a great brick box with iron-barred windows, stuck in the middle of a half-acre of grass, stark against the sky. The gate guards, English soldiers, regarded him with the interest of those wholly bored by routine. 
‘Hold up there, fellow!’ A guard bearing corporal’s chevrons peered at him beneath the peak of his shako. He had his musket slung, along with the private at his side, and they moved together as Fleet neared. The iron gates were open for the movement of carriages and deliveries, and the corporal held up a powder-stained hand for the packet Fleet carried. Staring at him while his superior inspected the parcel, the private did his best to look intimidating, staring at Fleet, who smiled and blinked in return. ‘From the counting-house?’ The corporal raised a suspicious eyebrow. 
‘Aye, entrusted to me not ten minutes past.’ Fleet kept his tone light, as he always did when English troops were about.
‘Addressed to the colonel?’ The soldier held it at arm’s length, as though it might burn him. 
I can see why they made you a corporal, thought Fleet. The rain beat out a tapping rhythm on the peak of the man’s shako and Fleet was impatient to be away. ‘If you say so. Why?’
The soldier passed a glance to the other redcoat. ‘The colonel was posted to the city garrison a while back – can’t understand why the counting-house would make such an error.’ He tapped the parcel against his hand while gazing at Fleet. ‘Would you mind accompanying me to the adjutant’s office, fellow?’
‘Ah, would that I could, sir. I have other duties awaiting me—’
His words trailed off as the private sloughed the musket from his shoulder, not aiming it at him but not exactly away from him. 
‘Shouldn’t take a moment.’ The corporal smiled without sincerity, relishing the moment. 
As men of limited capacity are apt to do. ‘Sure, I can make up for time later.’ He held up a hand with an amiable smile of his own. ‘Lead the way, chief.’ 
The soldier ignored him as they crunched over the gravel path towards the Bridewell, and Fleet felt each step becoming more difficult; his bag growing heavier as the gaol loomed before him. ‘What’s this all about, then?’
The soldier didn’t answer, and it was only by marching in step with the redcoat that he was able to put one foot in front of the other. 
The guard captain, immaculately turned-out with an infantry sabre hanging from his waist, exited the heavy oak door of the Bridewell and pulled on his shako, stopping to stare at the sight of the unshaven runner and gate-guard. ‘Who the devil have you there, corporal?’
The guard snapped to attention, smacking his palm against the musket. ‘Runner from the quays, sir – carrying a packet for the colonel.’
Fleet saw the officer’s uncertainty in his stare. ‘Oh yes, of course. In there,’ he nodded at the door to the guardhouse, opening it himself as he smiled at him. ‘Shouldn’t take a moment – I’m sure we can fathom the meaning behind this. You can return to your duties, corporal.’    
The gate-guard saluted once more and made an about-turn before marching back to his post. Fleet could swear the man was smiling under his shako as he left. Turning back to the officer, the redcoat held up a hand for him to enter. ‘After you, good sir.’
Good sir? 
I’m in trouble. Fleet took a deep breath, trying to ignore the sweat at his back, and plunged inside.

‘That’s the bastard!’
Someone’s in a huff, thought Fleet. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust in the gloom. There was a single oil-lamp, throwing its light over brick and plaster walls, and the occupants became visible as he glanced about with an innocent air. 
‘You’re certain?’ The officer – the captain who’d followed him in – slammed the door behind, making the guardhouse gloomier still, and Fleet looked at the fellows who came forward.
Not that he needed to. The stink of estuary and shellfish told him the oystermen were here, demanding their pound of flesh. 
Or fish. ‘Good day, sir. Have we met?’ Fleet blinked and raised an eyebrow.
‘Don’t fucking come it, villain. You’re the one who lifted a take of oysters – the King’s, no less – from the estuary, not two days ago.’
Fleet leaned forward, squinting at the big fellow with the ruddy face and broken nose, and shook his head. ‘You are mistaken, sir. I have an affliction to oysters; they disagree with my stomach something terrible.’
A moment’s doubt crossed the man’s face, and he looked to his companions, matching his anger and nodding together. ‘Not a doubt, sir – the same red-haired wretch we saw before.’
Fleet glanced at the captain. He was standing in grim contemplation and frowning. ‘A red-haired Irishman? On the outskirts of Dublin, no less?’ The officer’s gaze lingered on the runner a moment before turning on the oystermen. ‘Well, gentlemen? Do you have anything to add?’
‘It’s him, I tell you! He carries the same bag, slung across his thieving shoulders!’ 
They were gesticulating wildly, appealing for justice. Fleet sloughed the bag from his arms. ‘This bag? This tube of hemp and linen that every wharfside runner worth his salt carries with him?’
He could see their certainty fading, frustration and doubt on their stupid faces, and it was all Fleet could do not to smirk in the gloom.
‘Turn out your bag.’ 
The officer had spoken, and the order was taken up by the oystermen, nodding and shaking their fists. ‘Yes! Turn out your misbegotten gains, wretch.’
Fleet shrugged, pulling the cords on the bag’s throat and spilling it the contents across the sergeant’s desk, earning a scowl in return. The oystermen gathered about the desk, pushing the runner aside as they brought their faces near.
Pigs in a trough, thought Fleet. 
‘Get back,’ said the sergeant. ‘Let the officer see.’
They moved away, sulking, as the captain peered at the runner’s load – nothing but a bottle of ale, a hunk of bread and some hardening cheese; and another sheaf of bound papers, destined for the customs house. ‘Nothing incriminating here, gentlemen. And I believe the justices would view hearsay as poor evidence to secure any prosecution.’
Their eyes were wide, their mouths open, glancing back and forth and trying to find something to say. 
Come on, let it go. 
Fleet had the sense to keep his tone light as he scooped the effects back into his bag. ‘Well, gentlemen, it’s been a pleasure. If I see any roguish types about the estuary, I’ll be sure to inform the justices.’ Hefting his bag across his shoulders, he found his way barred by the officer. 
‘Turn out your pockets.’
Fleet sighed, turning back to the desk and tugging free the pockets of his tunic and breeches. Nothing but old lint lay within. 
Nothing but old lint – and something green, that sparkled and hit the floor with a gentle tap.
The officer knelt, feeling in the dust for the fragment, standing slowly and twisting it between thumb and forefinger as all craned before the lamp to catch sight of it.
‘Just a piece of green glass,’ Fleet shrugged. ‘Nothing to be ruffled over.’
‘The counting-house you so often frequent report four missing emeralds from their reserve – missing, and replaced with fragments of green glass.’ The captain’s words were distant as he gazed at the object, the sergeant and the oystermen eyeing Fleet with renewed interest. ‘Glass such as this, Mr Leary. After the clerks were searched and questioned, your name became of profound interest to both the chief clerk and the justices.’ He turned his gaze on Fleet. ‘Do you have anything to say for yourself?’
The air in the guardhouse was suffocating, and Fleet could practically hear the oystermen grinning. ‘Nothing but coincidence, sir.’ 
Nothing, English – nothing but old smoke and oakum. He hefted his bag and favoured the officer with a smile. ‘Well, time and tide, and all that. These papers won’t deliver themselves.’ He tugged at the peak of his cap, still thinking he might brazen his way out.
‘Oh, no you don’t!’ He felt the big man’s meaty hand on his shoulder, followed by his lackwitted companions. ‘You go nowhere but the gaol, isn’t that right, sir?’ 
The appeal was made to the officer, who stood before Fleet and gazed hard at the runner. ‘Your larcenous pursuits have got the better of you, Mr Leary.’ Fleet swallowed, knowing what was coming. ‘You’ll have the benefit of our hospitality while whatever shit-hole you call home is searched. And I believe the hangman will be making an appointment before long. Sergeant – take him away.’ 
He was dragged back, drawn by the oystermen, while the sergeant lifted a tipstaff from under the desk, intent on beating him senseless if he felt the need to flee.
Precisely what he did feel. 
His bag was as loose as his tunic – always a size too large, keeping him cool in the summer months – and he twisted inside, sloughing the lot from his shoulders and leaving them holding nothing but old leather. Bolting for the door, he’d already planned his escape – echoing the cries of the officer as the young gate-guard watched in confusion, screaming at him to catch the escaping prisoner who’d tried to kill him and the officer, and not realising that it was he himself in flight. 
Always the same with young soldiers – give him a head-start and no-one would catch him!
Unfortunately, it didn’t work out like that. He had the oak door open, right enough – just at the moment the easily-duped gate-guard raised his musket and caught him in the face with the butt-plate, knocking him senseless and finishing off the last of his wits as he hit the floor.
    
‘Well, now – why am I not surprised to find you here, taig?’
Fleet sat on the cold cell flagstones, rubbing the egg-sized swelling over his eye, and groaned. His head was pounding, not only from the crack of the soldier’s musket but the ceaseless hammering of musket fire from outside. 
And it was bad enough knowing he’d walked into a brazen trap, half of his own making, without having to endure the vanity of this dull Englishman. Shuffling over mouldy straw, he backed against the damp of the cell’s wall. A rat squealed and scurried away from him as he drew his knees up. 
‘Might as well admit your guilt, fellow. The magistrates are in town – the assizes meet tomorrow; your fate is sealed.’ The sergeant smirked through the tiny, barred window in the cell’s door. ‘You’ll be dancing at the end of a rope before the day is out.’
Fleet winced as he rubbed his head. ‘At least I’ll have a lie-in, then. I’m not one for early mornings.’
The sergeant grunted at the brass cheek, glancing back and forth before putting his face to the bars. ‘You know, if you were to tell me where you’ve hid them stones I might be able to see you out of this hole.’ 
Fleet stared at the man, and he nodded, eyes gleaming. ‘Might see the door unlocked during the night hours. Clever fellow like you’d be on his way to the docks and bound for England before anyone knew.’
He kept the redcoat’s gaze a moment longer, before standing, stiffly. Dusting off his hands he came near, put his face beside the bars and gazing into the sergeant’s eager eyes. ‘Those stones are hid beyond the means of any man, redcoat.’ 
The soldier’s smile slipped as Fleet continued. ‘Deep inside your arse and with all the shit you’re full of.’
It was a picture of joy to his mind, watching the bastard’s face turn from vanity to fury, and he had a second to turn aside before the man stood back and smashed his tipstaff against the bars, hawking a mouthful of spit after. 
Thumping the door with his fist as he disappeared, Fleet grinned and cast his eyes about the cell. It was small, with a low ceiling of brickwork and crumbling mortar, some of which had fallen to break into lumps on the flagstones. There was a narrow chimney breast set in the far wall and a barred window above his head with wooden shutters fixed to the outer wall. 
Very cosy – an old barrack room, then. 
Moving to the window, he stood on his toes to stare beyond the bars. A field of neat grass played host to an infantry contingent, loading and firing in head-aching consistency, and Fleet screwed his eyes shut as he leant against the wall, massaging his temple’s with his fists. 
‘Where there’s life, there’s a life to live, Leary.’ He stared at the low ceiling. Drops of water fell from limestone spurs putting him in mind of a slow-falling slab, there to squeeze the life from him. ‘Though let’s be sober, here. Mrs Leary’s boy is in a boat-load of trouble.’ Casting about, he looked for signs of a way out – a drain, a culvert – anything that might be widened or give access beyond the walls. 
There was none. He pulled himself up by the window bars, and they failed to budge in the slightest, sunk deep into the stone. Letting them slip through his fingers, he sank to the floor once more. 
It was a moment or two before he noticed the rat was back, sniffing about the worn leather of his boots and eyeing him curiously. Fleet was almost glad of its presence, and he eyed the nervous creature. ‘Don’t be having any ideas – you’ve a good night and a day before this flesh is up for grabs, squealer.’
The rat didn’t reply, turning a pink nose away and scurrying off to the chimney breast. ‘That’s right, leave me to my misery – just like your kind!’ Fleet closed his eyes and swallowed his despair, a glimpse of Máire’s face rising in his mind. 
He wasn’t sure what he was feeling for the pretty young doxy, or if he was feeling anything at all – just that she’d been a moment of guileless pleasure in a life of excitement and close shaves.
‘No future there, Fleet. Her pleasures are bought and sold – never given freely.’ 
Though for him, they had been, and he felt the gloom building again. 
The firing had stopped, replaced by a different kind of hammering. Evening was drawing in and it was dull enough being cooped up in the cramped, cheerless cell without light or fire to ease his misery. His legs felt the first touch of cramp, so he stood to peer through the window’s bars. Under orders of the sergeant, the infantrymen had grounded arms and were nailing together a scaffold. 
A podium, little more than a wooden square, had been filled out with gravel and set with timbers. The scaffold was being hammered together on the grass, before being raised and set within the podium’s frame. Fleet’s eyes gleamed in the dim light, finding the redcoat sergeant, coiling a length of hemp rope about his fists, smirking back at him. 
He sank back on his heels, putting the scene from his mind, and sighed. ‘So that’s it, is it? The ballad of Ma Leary’s boy, come to naught but the end of a coarse English rope?’ 
Aiming a kick at a bundle of straw, it scattered and fell in a shower of dust. He grabbed a chunk of displaced mortar and threw it at the far wall, where it burst to pieces. 
‘Ashes and dust!’ He was seething, trying to hold back the tears and looking for something to break, something to hurt. 
The rat scurried away from him, and he ran after it. ‘Hey, ratty. Get yourself under my boot – I’ll not be the only one to die before this day is out!’ 
The rodent disappeared under the chimney breast, and Fleet dived at it, missing it as it disappeared between a crack in the brickwork. 
He was breathing hard, jamming his fingers into the cleft, heedless of being bitten, and finding nothing but more brickwork beyond. 
‘Nothing. No way for you, boy.’ Once more, he sighed, rolling onto his back. The grate had been long removed, torn out when the barrack-room had been given over to holding convicts, and he lay beneath the stone chimney, staring upwards.
Staring at a patch of sky.
Closing his eyes, he shook his head and started to laugh. 

The grille gave way on the third strike, shifting in the mortar and loosening enough for him to push it clear. Set in place to keep birds from nesting and sparks from settling without, the rusted iron lattice was lifted clear of the chimney’s vent, held between his fingertips as he squirmed up the last couple of feet of claustrophobic stone.
Fleet was bare to the waist, black with old soot and tar, and he desperately wanted to cough the smut from his lungs. His legs and arms were cramping from inching his way up the chimney for that past half-hour. 
Like being buried alive.
He fought back a wave of panic, screwing his eyes shut and trying to breathe easy. Hacking up a web of black sputum, he stifled his mouth with his arm, blinking soot from his eyes and trying to see his way up. There was a quarter-moon low in the sky but it might as well have been pitch-dark for all he could see. His jacket was tied about his feet, having taken it off to narrow his path through the tight and narrow chimney, and he took a moment to get his breath. Not that it made much difference. If he didn’t get out of here soon he wouldn’t need the hangman to finish him off, and he edged his way up the final few bricks by his feet and elbows. 
Peering over the vent, he blinked again, a fall of grimy tears clearing his sight. The scaffold was fully erected in the shooting field, though the guards and infantry were long departed. 
Probably living it up in the Liffey’s taverns, he thought. Turning his head, he examined the rest of the grounds. As far as he could tell the most he had to trouble him were the guards, standing morosely by the far west gate, and he took his chance under the slight moonlight, easing himself free of from the chimney and scraping down the stone cladding. He could barely believe his luck, kissing the stone and hugging it, like the prettiest young doxy in the quays. 
Like it was Máire herself.
‘No time for hearts and flowers, boy – best be on your way.’ He lowered himself from the clay-work guttering, praying it wouldn’t give way. Dropping onto the grass, he freed his jacket while avoiding the gravel paths, waiting until the gate guards turned their attention beyond the perimeter hedges. A moment later and he was dashing for his life across the open ground and praying there wouldn’t be a cry of realisation, followed by the crack of a musket. 
Black with soot and tar, he made a shadow on the grass, quickly losing himself under the hedgerow’s foliage and catching his breath. It was tight – a net of branches and ivy – and he shrugged his jacket over his shoulders, squirming his way through the tangling growth of leaves.
There was a clatter of bells and whistles from behind. 
‘That’s it, boy – they’re onto you,’ and he surged through the final tangle of bramble and thorns. He could hear guards being harangued by officers as grooms brought horses. The roads would be blocked and he’d be run down in no time – he had to get back to the city. His britches caught on a knot of thorns, leaving rents in the fabric and tearing his skin. Kicking and dragging himself through the last of the foliage, he could hear boots on gravel as men were screamed at to form up and deploy in pursuit. 
Staying low, he rolled into a ditch of long grass and foul water, and listened.
 ‘To the south, damn it! He’ll be headed away from the city if he’s any sense.’
The captain who’d reckoned his guilt. Fleet grinned, in spite of himself. ‘Thanks for the advice, friend.’ He was on his feet, legging it over the broken stones between the avenue of trees, eyes quickly adjusting to the gloom.
‘There! We have him!’ 
Fleet spun in the darkness. The bloody officer had reckoned him once more. Putting his head down he sprinted north for the city. The sound of boots running in formation was overtaken by the sound of horseshoes. He could outrun any foot-soldier – no bother! but a horseman? He was a half-mile from the city walls. The road was difficult for man or horse, yet still the clatter of horseshoes were drawing near, and he fancied he heard the steel lifted from a scabbard’s throat, ready to cut him down. 
He gave it a second longer. The rider was right-handed, he was sure, and he could practically feel the animal’s breath on his back before throwing himself into a ball, hearing the officer’s sabre hiss above his head as he rolled sideways over the broken stone. The cut over his eye opened and was dripping blood through soot, making him squint. His back was bruised from rolling out of the sabre’s path and his boots squelched blood from the cuts on his legs, yet still he sprang from the ground, almost breathless – ducking inside another slash from the horseman as he tried to turn his animal in the awkward road. 
‘Blast you, stop! – in the name of the King!’
‘Not an option, friend.’ Fleet was away, pounding down the road and with the Dublin’s crumbling walls in sight. ‘And he’s not my king!’ 
Baiting the fellow would make no difference now – might even goad him into making a mistake, though the proud young captain looked like he knew his business, and Fleet felt his lungs bursting with effort as the green road gave way to cobbled streets, leading into the city. 
Easier going for the pair of them! The troops, encumbered by packs and muskets, would be far behind, though it would only take an alert watchman to see him and the following horseman to reckon what he was about. And that would see the end of Mrs Leary’s—
A watchman appeared and he crashed into him.
Of course he did – why wouldn’t he? The man had stepped out of a tavern, at the start of his watch, no doubt, hidden in the shadows before the lamplighters had begun their work, and Fleet cannoned off the fellow, sending them both sprawling. With a cry from the shocked watchman, they skidded over damp cobbles, brought up sharp against the railings, bordering the river. 
Fleet was already on his feet, driven by fear and sheer audacity. The bloody horseman was nearly on him again! He could see the triumph in the man’s eyes – the animal’s eyes! – along with the sweat on the horse's flanks.
The watchman was cursing and picking himself up. He’d dropped his lantern, held at the edge of a pole, and Fleet had it in his hands before he knew it – smashing the oil lamp on the flagstones before the charging horse. Flame and oil erupted from the pavings, making the horse shy and scream, almost throwing it’s flailing rider. 
He was off again, ignoring the leaden feeling in his legs and the burning in his chest. Somewhere a church bell rang the hours – midnight, high tide – and he spurred himself on, oblivious to the shouts and cursing from behind. Vaulting the steps leading to the port-side landings, he left a trail of blood and footprints for any fool to follow. A ship, a merchantman, was leaving port, guided by a pilot vessel. The Fiscus, by God! She was moving slow but steady, easing her way towards open sea under the barest of sail while a low wind moaned in her rigging, and he leapt from the dockside. 
Falling through space – a lurching, gut-wrenching drop – faster and faster. Hitting the dark water shocked him cold as he plunged to the bottom – a moment’s blind panic as the sediment clutched at him – and then breaking the surface, gasping and full of pain. The ship’s stern churned gently through the waters, a sucking channel that drew him with it as he flung his arms forward, dragging himself after, even as his jacket and trews sought to drag him down. 
A hawser, a length of rope, hung in a tantalising loop from above, and he fixed on it – sputtering and frothing through the brackish river – grasping at it and missing, choking with the effort. A final leap and he had a hand on it! It was slippery, hung with slime, and his arms and shoulders burned with effort as he tried to hang on. There was a shout from above but he ignored it, getting his free hand on the rope and dragging himself from the water – sodden through almost to death and sitting in the bow of the rope as his breathing calmed, a hand on the great wooden hull as he caught a final glimpse of the guard captain, dismounting his horse and leaning on the iron rails under the navigation lights. 
He was shouting something unintelligible, waving his fist and screaming at the unlucky watchman as they receded into the night.
Probably wondering where I’m off to, thought Fleet, and he grinned as bloody water leaked from his boots and britches into the churning estuary waters. 
‘Where do you think I’m going, friend? I’m off to invade bloody England!’
    
They were out of St George’s channel and about to raise Penzance. Kennedy had been holystoning the decks with water and sand for an hour, and his hands were aching and calloused. Taking leave of the master’s mate, he took the last of his grog – the watered-down rum he’d been sipping through his onerous duty – and cast an eye from the stern, watching the maritime traffic moving slowly from the port of Bristol. The sight raised mixed feelings in the sailor – Bristol had long been a slave port, despite endless clamouring in the English parliament for abolition, and the Irishman’s face soured at the idea of bondage. 
‘Bloody English’d make slaves of the whole world, given the chance,’ he muttered.
‘You’d be right there, salt.’
Kennedy spun, dropping his mug and spilling the last of his grog. ‘Who the fuck—?’
‘Hush, man!’ The words were hissed under the oilskin tarpaulin, shrouding the pinnace – the light tender, hanging from the stern davits – and an eye peered from within, followed by an unmistakably satisfied smile.
‘Jesus, Fleet!’ Kennedy took a glance over his shoulder, making sure they were unseen. ‘What the hell are you about, stowing away?’
‘On the money, Kennedy.’ Fleet took a chance to lift the shroud, bringing a stink of sweat and piss from hiding the night through. ‘Drew a touch more attention than I could handle. Hope you don’t mind me dragging along in this barky of yours?’
The sailor leant on the boat’s woodwork, making a casual show of ease and shielding his eyes with a hand. ‘I’m hardly like to give away a fellow countryman, now am I?’ he murmured. ‘When did you last eat?’
‘Day or two ago. Got a hell of a thirst on me.’
Kennedy rolled his eyes. ‘Not surprised, mate. Like a fucking oven in there, it is.’ He stretched his arms and pretended to gaze at the mainland. ‘I’ll bring you food and water in the night watch. We’ll be docked at Tilbury after the midday tide tomorrow, just keep your head down and play dead, aye?’ Fleet winked at him and put a finger to his lips as the sailor shook his head and turned away. ‘By the way, what the hell did you do with those pretty stones you lifted?’
Despite the tarpaulin, he saw Fleet shake his head and grin from the shadows. ‘There’s a pretty young doxy, lives by the Liffey, waking up to a fortune that’ll make her Lady Máire of Dublin, God bless her soul . . .’



Chapter 5

The Finest Of Horizons



The Monastery of ShaoShi, China, 1136

‘Master Liu, forgive me, but we have a visitor.’
Liu, grandmaster of ShaoShi, allowed perception to infuse his meditation, the dreamlike clarity shifting in his mind as he became aware of his surroundings. His eyes opened to the heavenly vista beyond the Snow Pavilion, a sight he never tired of, despite his wearing eyes. 
As ever his knees hurt beneath him, and he allowed a quiet sigh as the reality of age made its presence felt, standing from the stone floor – no longer with the smoothness of youth but nevertheless uncomplaining and with the patience that age brought. Xi, the abbot, bowed, hands clasped within his robes and straightening as Liu let a long breath escape him – a momentary indulgence as he gazed at the Song mountains through whitewashed balustrades. ‘A visitor? We are not expecting company, my friend – who calls?’
‘A woman. From the far west, I believe.’
 ‘Alone?’
‘Indeed.’
‘In what manner did she arrive?’
 Xi raised his eyebrows. ‘On foot.’
‘Interesting. Has she given reasons for her presence?’
‘No. Only that she wishes to speak to you.’
Liu inclined his head. ‘You have suspicions?’
Xi shrugged. ‘She is a woman. Alone. There is no-one beyond the gates, I have word from the brothers. What possible threat can there be?’
Liu thought for a moment. ‘Then let us ascertain her worth.’

She stood in the pavilion, her body clad in a simple sleeved linen shift and her hands clasped demurely before her. Her dark hair was braided into a ponytail, hanging below her neck, and she bowed low as Liu entered. Two brothers, their heads shaved in accordance with the rules of the monastery, watched from the Stele gate.
She remained in a submissive posture, even as Liu and Xi approached and came to a halt before her. ‘Your obeisance is well noted, sister, you may rise.’ Liu spoke, hands clasped in a mirror of the woman as she straightened, her wide blue eyes and pale skin alien to the inhabitants of the monastery. ‘You appear to be a long way from home. Why, might I ask, have you come to this place?’ 
Liu’s tone was informal, though a tension was evident. Two or three brothers had approached from the Pagoda Forest and were watching with interest. 
‘Sanctuary.’
Her speech was heavily accented, making the word awkward. ‘Sanctuary? From whom, or what?’
‘From ignorance – from intolerance.’
‘There is little of those to be found here.’
‘Well then?’
A deep breath added resolve to his words. ‘Unfortunately, no woman is permitted to join the monastery. I am sorry, I fear you have had a wasted journey.’
She watched him a moment. ‘Nothing is wasted. I am obliged to you for your time, grandmaster.’
She bowed low before rising, exiting gracefully while every pair of eyes followed her. Liu turned to the abbot. ‘Extraordinary. Follow her.’
Xi bowed, instructing the brothers standing guard to join him. 
Liu stroked his jaw. Her presence, alone in the mountain, was remarkable. He could only hope the reasons for her being here were pleasing. 
It would be a shame to have to kill her.

Liu watched the brothers from his eyrie within the great pagoda, the mountain air stirring the folds of his robe as younger members studied from texts. Senior monks practiced the taolu forms – the martial exercises that bonded mind to body, the spiritual to the substantial. He would have preferred to lean on the parapet for support – his back was stiff and ached from time spent in too much contemplation and too little exercise, but he had an example to set. So he stood with his hands behind his back, ignored the growing soreness, and watched.
One of the brothers caught his eye. A tall, broad-shouldered fellow known as Wei, flowered his staff, spinning it about himself quicker and quicker until it became a blur of wood, shielding his body, even as his opponent stepped forward. Liu watched them take stance, bowing before approaching. Wei, he noted, did not deign to bow, nor take his eyes from his opponent. At a signal from a Sifu master, they engaged in mock combat.
It was soon apparent that Wei was the more skilful, turning aside his opponent’s strikes, his breathing composed, even as the other man sought an opening. Time and again, the other fellow’s staff was parried as he probed Wei’s defences – striking but finding nothing but air at the weapon’s reach. 
The class paused to watch the match unfold, quiet comments passing back and forth, smiles as wages of honour were made on the outcome. Wei deflected the other fellow’s strikes as he circled him, the first hint of a sneer finding his mouth. Liu watched in disapproval as the man shoved his opponent away, sending him sprawling but able to keep his feet. He tried to defend himself from a flurry of blows, retreating under the onslaught. Wei pulled the strike, the tip of his staff inches from his opponent’s face, the man straining for breath and struggling to stay upright as Wei brought it lower, forcing him down into a final submission.
A muted applause came from those watching as Wei brought his weapon to the guard position, his opponent straightening – defeated but unabashed, a simple nod acknowledging Wei’s skill. 
Wei’s staff caught him across the side of his face, sending him reeling. A wound opened in front of his ear and began to bleed as he lay stunned on the flagstones.
The applause stopped. The Sifu supervising the class hurried to admonish Wei, a word of disapproval and an order to depart. Wei turned away with a shrug as a healer was summoned to his stricken opponent. 
Xi had arrived and stood behind Liu, watching the drama unfold. ‘You requested my attendance, grandmaster?’
‘Always one.’
‘I beg your pardon?’
Liu turned with a rueful smile. ‘Always one fellow feels he has a point to prove – a lack of discipline and an unsound ego. What did you learn about our visitor?’
Xi shrugged. ‘Little of note. We followed her along the southern paths until she came to the forest’s edge. A mile or two later we left her still walking and returned by nightfall. Do you still think her presence significant?’
Liu gazed at his attendant before raising a finger and beckoning him to follow. They descended the pagoda and he led them through the Manjusri library, where scribes busied themselves with scrollwork and records of the monastery until they came to the terraces overlooking the bulwarks of the outer wall. 
‘Look.’ Liu was gazing at Xi as he held his hand over the terrace, pointing down. Xi followed his gaze. 
And then leaning heavily on the wall with an astonished gasp.
The southern terrace had been greened with flowering plants – a hundred feet of sandstone, a vision of cultivated allure that softened the rampart’s brute architecture. Xi’s gaze followed the lines of greenery to the corner of the east wall, where, yet again, he was confounded.
The western woman stood over a broom, face shielded by a broad sedge hat as she swept the last of the dust and leaves from the lower terraces, her long braided ponytail hanging over her shoulder as she worked in shadow.
‘Grandmaster, I—’ Xi’s eyes were wide.
‘Industrious, is she not?’ Liu had folded his arms and watched as she knelt to trim leaves from orchids.
‘She did all this in one night?’
‘It would appear so, my friend.’
Xi straightened. ‘I will have her expelled from the grounds, her work shall be undone immediately.’
Liu remained silent, the moment growing as a buzzard called overhead, high over the mountain in search of prey. 
‘The orchids would be useful in food and medicines.’ Liu spoke under his breath as he watched the woman stand and wipe her hands free of dirt. Picking up the broom, she moved towards the forest, disappearing into the shadows of the trees. He turned to Xi. ‘We do not speak with one voice, my friend. Let us see what the majority would have done – put the fate of our accidental garden to the vote.’
‘As you wish, grandmaster.’

Remarkably, the majority approved of the flowering of the southern wall, a curious reverence as they walked in the shadows of the ramparts and wondered at the colours decorating the monastery’s stonework. Some saw the work as sinister in its sudden appearance, but by and large they were mocked for their childish opinions. 
One, however, made his scorn savagely apparent.
After his instruction in the aggressive paoquan skills, Wei, his combativeness far from spent, took to the terraces with spear and staff, laughing as he did so, the young blooms falling to his weapons as he destroyed the greenery and flowers the mysterious westerner had placed so carefully. 
Kicking the remains of her work into the dust, he returned to his studies with a satisfied smirk that no-one challenged. Xi, standing at the peak of the rampart, turned an enquiring eye to his grandmaster, who merely watched, face as inscrutable as ever, then turning away.
Many of the brothers believed the destruction a shame but kept silent, their opinions unheard as they finished their duties and retired for the day.
It was woman’s work, after all.

‘Grandmaster, you were not at your meditations, I have been looking here and there for you.’ 
Xi was concerned at his patriarch’s change in routine. A change in convention spoke of ill-discipline, or worse, and he had scoured the monastery to find Liu – his hands behind his back, staring at the mountains beyond the southern rampart. 
He opened a scroll, inked with lists, and approached his master. ‘I have the summations you requested. My apologies for the delay.’
Liu did not speak but continued staring at the snow-capped peaks. Xi, unused to such silence, came nearer. ‘Is all well, grandmaster?’
Finally, the lord of ShaoShi acknowledged his abbot with a smile and nodded. ‘Look again, my friend.’
Xi followed the grandmaster’s gesture, and his eyes left Liu’s to stare over the stone rampart – to the distant peaks, to the forests that spilled from the foot of the mountains, and finally to the base of the walls.
‘Blessed—!’ 
Xi choked on his words, a hand at his breast as he steadied himself. Liu was smiling and leaned forward to join the abbot in gazing down. 
The pale woman had returned. And what was more so had her garden, in its entirety – the terraces restored to the colours of the previous day.
‘One would never know of it’s ruin, eh, my friend?’
Xi’s face was open with amazement. ‘But, how? It was utterly destroyed. Are we dreaming?’
‘Dreams do not bring such wonder, abbot. Go to her. Bring her to me and we shall talk.’
Xi nodded and turned to leave, his hurry checked with a final word from Liu. 
‘And be respectful.’

She stood as she had before, hands clasped before her, her black ponytail hanging beyond the nape of her neck. The guards were warier still, but now with a more curious eye. And her bright eyes gleamed as Liu entered the Snow Pavilion, bowing deferentially, just as she had three days earlier. 
Liu responded with a bow of his own and straightened, ignoring the twinge in the small of his back. ‘Come, sister – your homage does you credit but you border on flattery. Stand.’
She straightened and placed her hands before her in her demure fashion, waiting in silence. Liu regarded her with a curious eye. ‘You have a gift for gardening, sister. Our walls have never been so decorous.’
‘Thank you, grandmaster.’
‘And though you are patently far from home, you have learned our tongue tolerably well.’
‘Thank you.’
Liu took a step closer. He had not come across a westerner before. Only in his youth, when he had played near the wharves of Qingdao and spoken enthusiastically to merchant sailors returned from sea journeys, had he been told of the wide-eyed and ruddy-faced brutes that lived far beyond the southern seas, or beyond the Ximalaya shield mountains – beyond a remote horizon.
The figure that stood before him did not fit his idea of such brutes.‘From where do you come, sister?’
Her gaze drifted from his. ‘An island nation to the far west called England. Perhaps the farthest west one might travel from this place.’
‘A journey of monumental undertaking.’ He looked at Xi, who shrugged. ‘Tell me, why one such as you should embark on such an adventure?’
Her eyes were remote, and Liu thought he saw a fleeting sadness there. ‘Disappointment.’
‘Disappointment? In your lot?’
A nod. ‘In those who speak of honour, of integrity and of virtue.’
Again, Liu’s gaze came to Xi’s. And again, all he received was a shrug. 
Liu let the silence grow before speaking. ‘And you hoped to find acceptance here? Where we have never known a single woman, let alone a westerner, between our walls?’
Again, a nod.
He breathed deeply and sighed, his eyes roving among the stone pillars of the Snow Pavilion. The words of ancients were carved into the stone, of masters and grandmasters before him that spoke of tradition and heritage, of custom born of wisdom – a history that cautioned and advised him.
But progress rarely came from caution.
‘You may not train with the brother monks. You may not study with them as your presence would be a distraction. However, you may remain here for as long as you see fit if you remain willing to work. Clean the martial arenas at the end of practice, catalogue and retain the texts of the library under the direction of the librarians. And continue to cultivate the gardens you have already planted. For these duties, you will be granted a room of your own and food to sustain you. Do you find these conditions satisfactory, sister?’
She responded by bowing low, her long ponytail sliding over her neck and brushing the floor before straightening once more, a touch of colour to her pale cheeks and a hint of a smile revealing lustrous white teeth. ‘You do me a great honour, grandmaster. I am forever indebted to you.’
Liu grunted. ‘Forever? We shall see, western-sister.’ He took a step closer, seeing his reflection in her blue eyes. ‘I go by the name of Liu, and as you so rightfully addressed me, I am the grandmaster of ShaoShi. You will address me so at all times. Tell me, by what name do you go?’
‘Evelida Grey, grandmaster.’
‘Evelida?’ He turned the word over in his mouth, the syllables troublesome and peculiar. ‘What manner of name is that?’
‘The second-born, grandmaster, the one who came after Eve.’
‘Ah,’ a flash of recognition lit Liu’s face, ‘from the Christian holy book, yes? I have heard of this. Are you a follower of the Christian faith, then?’
A flicker of emotion crossed her face. What it meant, Liu could not tell. 
‘I do not know what I am.’
Liu took a step closer. ‘One should always know oneself, Grey. At this time I find your surname more suitable. Perhaps here you believe you might find that which you seek, yes?’
‘Perhaps, grandmaster.’
Liu smiled. ‘Very well. Xi here is the abbot. You will afford him the utmost respect as he will be your guide for the next few days. If you divert from your duties or the orders of those in authority then you will be dismissed from the monastery. Are you ready to accept these terms?’
She inclined her head again. ‘I am, grandmaster. And I thank you most humbly once more.’
Liu’s smile was grim. ‘We shall see.’ 
He turned to depart, all present bowing, before halting and speaking over his shoulder.
‘And Grey, work on your language. Your dialect is appalling.’
   
Grey’s integration into monastery life was surprisingly straightforward, the brother-monks being of tolerant and considerate dispositions, and she kept her word to Liu, remaining respectful and observant in their commitment to hard work, discipline and spiritual betterment. Though her presence had been diverting, being so unusual in appearance, she quickly became accepted by virtue of her quiet manner and devotion to her duties. At the close of martial training, she would appear, brush in hand, and diligently sweep dust and splinters of wood and metal from the clash of weapons in the arenas, rendering them clean and free of hazards. She would bow on entry and kept her head low as she worked, maintaining a deferential air should a Sifu master give her more tasks.
Many noted the attention she gave to spilt blood.
The stains were wiped away with an almost languid reverence, her strange blue eyes shining in the vivid mountain light. 
Those who toiled in the libraries found her especially welcome, her attention to history and traditions unrelenting. At Liu’s advice, she improved her language until she could understand even the most obscure references. Astronomical chronicles held a particular fascination for her and often a brother-monk would find her cataloguing and searching texts and scrollwork into the hours of darkness. 
She would often forget, rather strangely they thought, to light candles to see by.
Medicinal knowledge was withheld from her, being the province of men – a frustration she kept to herself, though the librarian brothers would often find her staring wistfully at forbidden texts. For reasons known only to herself, she never once complained or argued for permission to view them. 
It was as though she had all the time in the world. 
One day, at breakfast in the early hours of an autumn morning, Wei, the belligerent fellow who fancied himself superior to his Sidai brothers, sat himself opposite her. 
‘How is your breakfast, western-ghost?’
She sipped a soup of beans and nuts, keeping her eyes low and her reply gentle. ‘It is as appetising as it was yesterday, as it was the day before and as it will be the day after.’
‘You do not approve of our food, woman?’
‘Do you require my approval?’
Wei’s eyes narrowed as he leaned forward. ‘You evade my question, ghost. If you are not satisfied with our food then why do you stay?’
‘What makes you believe I am not satisfied with the food, Wei?’
A tic bulged in his jaw as his voice became a hiss. ‘You dare to address me so, woman?’
She placed the spoon in the bowl and leant on her elbows, entwining her fingers and resting her jaw on them as her eyes met Wei’s, gazing into them evenly – utterly still, until he could no longer return her gaze – and blinked, sweeping up her bowl and the remains of her breakfast. ‘As you find the food so unpalatable it will benefit those who most appreciate it.’ He put the bowl to his mouth and drained the contents, letting it fall to the table in front of her, where it spun momentarily and was still.
A hundred pairs of eyes watched the confrontation, including Liu and Xi, who stood at the dining hall’s entrance. She did not take her eyes from Wei’s but sat with a curious stillness as he wiped his mouth with a sleeve before stalking away, following him with her gaze as he returned to his seat.
‘Brother Wei carries a restless discord, wouldn’t you say, abbot?’ said Liu.
‘You believe he should be punished, grandmaster?’
‘Ordinarily, yes. Such a spirit would be a triumph to contain through discipline – a success to the individual and the institution he represents. But I have the feeling our new apprentice may have her own ideas regarding our contrary brother’s behaviour.’
Liu and Xi turned back to the crowded dining hall.
She was staring at them, a hint of a smile on her face.

Months passed. Autumn’s fading warmth gave way to winter’s bite and the brothers of ShaoShi would train ever harder to stave off the bitter mountain cold, the training less subtle but more vigorous as they drove their bodies to the limits of endurance. 
They chopped wood, ran along high mountain trails carrying buckets of water and competed in feats of strength that would fell lesser men, a fortitude of mind and spirit sustaining their labours.
Almost unseen, Grey performed her duties, sweeping the martial arenas, tending her gardens and cataloguing the library texts, so much part of the monastery’s routine that few could remember a time when she had not been there. The name ‘ghost’, whether maliciously applied or not, stuck, appropriate for the silent, pale figure who moved within the walls of the temple. From time to time she would disappear into the mountain forests, returning with new blooms for her gardens and a curious colour to her cheeks, a fresh vigour that found her smiling, and with a deeper brightness in her lucent eyes.
Liu was gratified by her acceptance by the brother-monks, fearing her presence might become a source of disorder to the monastery’s tranquil yet strict conduct. Though to his surprise, she was met with the same quiet respect she offered those whose paths she crossed.
All save one.
On a cold day in the new year, the brothers conditioned themselves in the open-air martial halls, striking gravel-filled bags to harden fist and palm, and standing on their heads alone, for up to an hour, to strengthen body and mind. Elsewhere, the Sidai would strike a Paulownia – a hardwood tree – with their fingers, hardening themselves for when fists were no longer effective. Liu watched with Xi, their eyes on the most dangerous practices – the iron forms – the turning of a spear-point from the body’s most vulnerable points. 
Wei, bolstering himself with grunts and snarls, took up stance opposite a fellow and allowed the point of a qiang spear to rest on his throat. After a moment’s preparation, he set himself forward, the spear shaft bending under his effort, grunting with effort as he strived to resist the deadly barb.
Suddenly, the spear-point turned aside, and with a cry of alarm, a slice opened across his throat. The exercise was halted, the Sifu master rushing to assist and calling for a healer. 
Fortunately for Wei, the cut was minor – a moment’s surprise at the sight of his blood and then anger at his failure, snatching the spear from the fellow before him and flinging it aside in reckless fury.
Xi gasped as the spear became suddenly still. 
Liu watched as Grey, sweeping snow from the side of the arena and with her face shadowed by her sedge hat, held the spear at arm’s length, eyes on the floor, her other hand on the broom. 
They watched as she set the brush down and approached Wei, bowing respectfully as she offered the weapon to the irascible fellow. Wei, humbled by her deference, snatched it from her while the healer tended his wound. She turned without a word and left the arena to resume her duties, even as the collective eyes of the brother-monks watched in wonder. 
Wei’s Sifu glanced at the grandmaster, a nod towards Wei’s hunched, retreating form, and received a nod in reply.
 
Wei stood on his head in the corner of the wushu guan, hands in prayerful posture – punishment for his recklessness and ordered to stand so for three hours, denied his evening meal, even as his Sifu sat cross-legged and watched from the far wall, tucking into a bowl of steaming vegetable stew. A light snow was falling, dusting both the floor and Wei with a mass of white cold. 
Returning from her duties, Grey moved beyond the pillars of the arena, slowing to a halt as her bright eyes fell upon Wei, standing on his bare head – eyes and lips shut tight, his face flushed with the effort. For a long moment, she watched him, the mountain breezes stirring her hair. 
With a bow to the Sifu, she came to the wall where Wei executed his trial and performed an elegant handstand, lowering herself onto her head, assuming the same posture as Wei. 
His eyes opened at her sudden presence, shifting his gaze to hers. 
‘Why are you here, ghost?’
‘Solidarity.’
‘Do you mock me?’
‘If my presence has caused you disquiet then I share your debt.’
Wei grunted and shut his eyes. ‘I have three hours of this torment to endure. You will not be able to suffer even half as long – your solidarity is worthless.’
She let her eyes close. ‘Hush, brother – save your strength.’
The snow fell gently, drifting into the corners of the arena.
Three hours later, they were released from their punishment. Wei watched her leisurely departure with a wondering eye, even as he flexed his stiff and gnawing muscles, brushing snow from his protesting body. 
Oil lamps had been lit along the pagoda walls – the walls within which Liu missed nothing. From the shadows, he had watched them undergo their trial.
The next day dawned bright and clear, the Sidai returning to the martial halls and continued in their practice. ‘Grandmaster? Could I bring your attention to something?’ Xi had spoken as Liu entered the guan halls, a daily inspection bringing the Sidai to attention and bowing as he passed.
‘You have a concern?’ Liu followed the abbot as the arenas became alive with the sound of strikes, of wood on metal as the warrior-monks engaged one another.
‘Perhaps, though it has been a time of wonderment – I would know your opinion on this.’ They came to the Paulownia tree, the smooth hardwood trunk that was used by the Sidai to practice finger strikes. Xi circled the trunk, his fingertips brushing dents that spoke of years of practice. ‘I still have memories of breaking a finger on this wood, grandmaster, a painful arthritis that afflicts me in winter.’
‘I too have such memories. As you say, the pain can be mortifying in the cold.’
Xi halted. ‘What would you make of this?’
Liu had a feeling he was going to be surprised – as Xi had said, it had been a time of wonder. His eyes came to four holes, more slender than the others, but deep – deep enough for Xi to pass a dowel in, as though someone had passed their fingers into the hardwood with uncanny ease.
Someone with more slender fingers than any of the brothers’.
‘Have her attend upon me in the Snow Pavilion in one hour.’
Xi bowed. ‘As you wish, grandmaster.’
‘And I require two Sifu, particularly skilled in weapons and empty-hand, to be there when she arrives.’
   
Despite the presence of armed gate-guards and high-ranking Sifu, she came to the Snow Pavilion with her customary composure. Halting in the centre of the stone floor, flanked by the Sifu masters, she bowed low before straightening, the lord of ShaoShi standing in stern posture, arms folded as he regarded her.
‘ShaoShi, by virtue of its seclusion, would be a difficult place for a military force to take – we are prepared to defend ourselves, should the need arise. Luckily we have enjoyed a period of calm, of harmonious policy, though such matters have little impact here.’ 
The Sifu masters flanking her edged closer, Liu’s face growing hard as he continued. ‘However, we remain as vulnerable as any with respect to spies.’
Her face softened in sadness. ‘You believe me to be false, grandmaster, your trust in me misplaced?’
‘You are composed of remarkable talents, Grey, your dedication to duty is impeccable and your physical fortitude unprecedented.’ 
He took a step nearer. ‘I have concerns. And I would know the extent of your talents.’
 The empty-hand Sifu’s kick struck like a viper, aimed for her head, while the gunshu Sifu’s staff whirled at her abdomen. Such strikes would have rendered an opponent incapacitated for days, brought low by the ferocity of their impact.
Though she was not there to suffer their effect.
The kick passed above her as she fell backwards, the staff passing before her face as she flattened herself against the stone floor and rolled out of reach, coming smoothly to her feet – blue eyes bright with anger. 
‘Are you satisfied, grandmaster? Have I regained trust through your ambush?’
The Sifu masters stared wide-eyed at Liu as he came closer, their astonishment evident as he raised his hands. ‘There are few who could avoid such attacks without warning, Grey. You must accept your reflexes are extraordinary, even for a place such as this. I wonder, where did you learn your art?’
‘I have always known such skill.’
Liu raised an eyebrow. ‘Always?’
Despite her ire, she would not meet his eyes. ‘For the very longest of times.’
Liu unfolded his arms. ‘I wonder, how far does your skill go?’
‘I am no performing monkey, grandmaster.’
‘But you do dwell under my roof, Grey. And we set a premium on martial prowess here.’
Liu’s strikes came like a storm – fists, feet and knees – elbows, palms and fingers. She slipped, ducked and turned them all, giving ground where necessary, turning and twisting her lithe form from the turmoil of his assault, pursuing her with an attack that none might withstand. 
For nearly a minute she endured the onslaught. And in that minute, not one strike landed on her.
Liu halted suddenly, his breathing coming hard and his face flushed as she stood side-on to him, watching with a mixture of irritation and sorrow. The Sifu masters wore the same astonished looks as the gate-guards.
‘I am sorry, Grey – my body ages and I find myself unable to provide you with a suitable challenge. Forgive me.’
And for the first time in a very long time, the lord of ShaoShi bowed to another.
Xi, standing at the back of the Snow Pavilion, gasped, while the Sifu masters and gate guards simply stared, their mouths agape.
‘Grandmaster, I—’ 
She took a step forward, her face filled with apology and confusion. Liu looked up at her and smiled, rubbing his back as he straightened. ‘That will ache for a day and a night.’ Again he stood stern and proud – lord and master once more – and eyed her with a fierce expression, though his humour was evident. ‘Your dexterity is unmatched, Grey, though your movements are ugly and based on reaction alone. With proper care, you might become so adept in martial prowess that conflict would become a choice, rather than an inevitability.’
It was her turn to stand open-mouthed as Liu beckoned gate guards and Sifu to him. Even Xi was summoned and he glared at them in turn, demanding their loyalty by his will alone. Finally, his gaze fell on her and she stood with a glimmer of anxiety in her bright eyes. ‘You are no spy, Grey, but what you are is an exception that we cannot afford to nurture in the presence of our brothers. I am sorry.’
Her face fell, the weight of his words setting her on a desolate path.
‘Therefore, you will train under the guidance of these two Sifu, and only they.’
She lifted her eyes to his, the Sifu masters coming to attention as one.
‘The guards will ensure your privacy is maintained, you will be instructed in the Snow Pavilion away from the martial halls.’ The gate guards drew their weapons to their bodies and snapped their feet together. ‘From time to time both Xi and I will observe your instruction. Perhaps I might even be tempted to join you in combat, though I would ask you to give an old man the benefit of your skill.’
She gazed at him, incomprehension blending with gratitude, her eyes brighter than ever, though now with unspilled tears. ‘I – am greatly honoured.’
‘No master achieves his rank believing he knows all. We will learn together, Grey. Perhaps we may yet find a role for you, not only in ShaoShi but in the wider world.’ She glanced at him and he smiled in return, his eyes bright and shrewd. ‘I hold you to your secrecy, all of you. Speak not of what transpires here – you will give me your oath.’ 
Liu’s gaze found them one by one, and they bowed in return. Once more she swept her body low, her long hair brushing the floor of the Snow Pavilion.
‘Come, Grey – stand. Your sweeping can wait.’ 
She straightened – Liu’s face was no longer stern. ‘Grandmaster, when might I begin instruction?’
‘Now.’
His punch took her squarely in her chest.

As it was, that was the first and only time Liu was able to land a strike upon Grey. 
She became adept in the practice of wushu – the fighting arts, both armed and unarmed – seeking to unify body and spirit and bring peace to a mind in turmoil. She excelled in all that was placed before her, for she was strong and lithe and had a vitality that was unknown to the Sifu, who could only marvel at her capacities. She lost the ‘ugly’ staccato movements that Liu had derided, though privately he had thought her exceptional. Her technique became fluid, her actions graceful beyond those of the Sifu, and Liu knew he had been right to allow her, a woman, to train so, for just as he had known, he was learning as much from her as she was from him. Nuances of her movements were absorbed into the curriculum of ShaoShi, though few of the brothers could emulate her moves. Those that did progressed rapidly in the ranks of the monastery, becoming Sifu masters in turn, their places assured in the temple’s history. 
Though they would never know it was the mysterious western woman, the pale ghost of ShaoShi, they owed their gratitude to. For the Sifu and guards were true to their words, keeping their silence as she sought to master her body, bringing clarity to her mind, seeking, as Liu had once said, to know herself.
As a reward for such dedication, Liu allowed her to study the medicinal texts of the library, an honour she was truly grateful for. Though despite becoming wise in Chinese medicine, he noted a disappointment bordering on frustration as she searched the texts for something she would not say.
Years passed and it was time for many of the brothers to take their leave and return the wisdom of ShaoShi to the world. Many sought her out to pay their respects, for they had never met a westerner and few thought they might again, and they felt such parting most keenly. Even Wei, his belligerence tempered by the discipline of temple life, held for her a parting gift of his admiration and respect, and she found herself tearful in the poignancy of their leaving, a feeling of acceptance she had never known.
Not since she was a child.
She would still walk alone in the forests of Song mountain, her enigmatic nature leading those newly-arrived brothers to speculate on what she did there. Some said she communed with spirits. Other’s that she merely wished for solitude, a lone woman in a temple-order given to men.
Some even ventured the fantastical notion that she hunted the beasts of the forests and drank their blood – a preposterous idea born out of men’s suspicions of women that few heard without laughing and jeering at the fellow who suggested it. Though whatever her purpose there, she always returned with a strange vitality – a gleam in her blue eyes and a colour to her pale cheeks, while her long, sable hair seemed to wreath her in darkness.
Occasionally, while sweeping the borders of a martial arena, she would be called upon to demonstrate her skill, the more inexperienced brothers eyeing her with scepticism and setting to strike at her.
None could touch her. She was simply not there. Wherever they sought to press their attacks she had supposed their action before they could commit, a reading of intent that negated their assaults before they were made. 
They learned not to underestimate a foe gentle in appearance. 
Not only was she accepted, she was respected.

Almost twenty years had passed since the ghost of ShaoShi had come to the gates of the mountain monastery. 
Xi, the abbot, had died two years previously, a winter fever that had been unrelieved by the monastery’s healers. He had been simply too old to combat the sickness and his life was celebrated by all, even as they mourned the venerable abbot. No-one mourned his passing more than Liu, now in his eightieth year, and the pale young woman who assisted him so ably.
One morning, Liu, leaning on a long staff that he used not only for support (for his joints ached in the cold mountain air) but to help find his way in the shadows, paused before the Snow Pavilion. It was early and he was glad of the bright sun to warm his weathered face as the brother-monks breakfasted before their duties. Grey, as ever, stood sweeping dust and splinters from the flagstones, a new broom to fulfil her chore, one that had been replaced many times as they wore down with age.
Though she remained as young as ever.
‘Good morning, Grey.’
‘Good morning to you, grandmaster. Are you well?’ She paused in her sweeping and though he could barely see it, he knew she was smiling at him, finding her sincerity a particular delight.
‘As well as one might expect. Have you time to join me on the heights of the pagoda? The view is quite spectacular at this time of year.’
She stood her broom against a wall and joined him, taking his arm as he knew she would, her assistance so very welcome as he climbed the steps. Finally, after pausing for Liu to regain his breath in the thin air, they came to the pagoda’s peak, the view as spectacular as Liu had said. The morning sun lit snow-capped peaks with gold; veins of white drawing their eyes to the lush green forests at their feet. 
As ever, she kept her eyes in shadow, shielded from the sun under a sedge hat.
Liu had instructed a chest be placed at the summit and opened it stiffly, finding cushions and blankets for them to share as he blew on his hands to warm the aching joints and making up a comfortable seat, bidding her to sit beside him, savouring the vista for what might well be his last time. 
They sat in silence, enjoying one another’s company before the beautiful landscape – two friends at the very world’s end. 
Eventually, he spoke, his eyes on a distant horizon. ‘I have little time left, Grey.’
She didn’t answer immediately, but when she spoke it came as a whisper. ‘This I know; the inevitability grieves me.’
‘Then I must have at least done something right.’ 
Once again, he felt her smile. 
‘So, now we are alone, do you have your answers?’
‘Answers?’
‘Why you came here?’
‘No.’
‘Of course. Your path differs so very greatly from all others.’
Again, she paused before replying, a new suspicion in her tone. ‘All others?’
‘All. Death weighs heavily on others; death weighs but lightly on you.’
She didn’t reply, and for a long time they sat without speaking, Liu’s face turned to the horizon as she lowered her eyes. 
Eventually, he felt her scrutinising him once more. ‘How have you come to know?’
‘I have known for some time. My sight has all but left me but my ears still work. Devoid of distraction I listen well; I hear the subtleties in your words when you are pressed of your origins; I hear evasion in your voice, uncomfortable under the scrutiny of others.’ He turned  his dimming eyes on her, a gesture of sincerity as he lowered his voice. ‘It is singularly unusual, of course; there have long been myths and legends, but when one has no other explanation, one must relent, no matter how improbable the truth.’
She sat in silence, the sun casting a golden light that filled the valley. 
Still she said nothing.
‘I have seen little of the world beyond this place,’ he said. ‘That is my sacrifice. Still, I believe it to be a worthy forfeit – the lessons each of my kin take from here will, with good fortune, take root in the wider world.’ 
The silence grew between them, a soft hum of mountain breezes between the eaves and finials of the pagoda, even as Liu encouraged her. ‘My parents were farmers.’
‘As were mine.’
The breeze brought the scent of blossoms and the hum of insects. To Liu it was apparent she wished to speak of more mundane affairs. Still, he had not earned the right to call himself grandmaster by shirking difficult matters. ‘Might I be so bold as to give you a final word of advice, Grey?’
‘Of course.’
‘You have abundant opportunities. Wherever your life’s journey takes you, leave the world a little better than you found it.’
She smiled once more, this time showing lustrous white teeth. ‘I intend to.’
‘One cannot build a reputation on good intentions, Grey.’
Suddenly she laughed, clear and bright. ‘I have no desire to build a reputation, but the lesson is well learned. Thank you.’
‘You may thank me with an indulgence.’
Now it was her turn to wait. She shielded her face from the brightening sun, a curious gesture where Liu enjoyed its caress, and awaited his request.
‘I have little life left within me and we have learned so very much from each other. Will you favour an old man and teach him a little of the world as you have known it?’
Again she smiled and gave a long and happy sigh as she raised her face to the sun, closing her eyes against a pain she chose not to speak of. To Liu, despite his faded sight, it seemed a great burden had been taken from her, that while she did not truly know herself, it did not altogether matter. There would be time enough for that – for now, there would be those who chose to accept her as she was.
And that was enough.
He returned her smile, invisible to him, though he felt the warmth of her affection.
She began to speak.
The sun rose higher.
The shadows lengthened.
Eventually, the sun set, turning the sky red.
The comforting darkness of night enveloped them as a brilliant cascade of stars were revealed.
And long into the hours beyond midnight, an old man listened to an old woman speak.



Chapter 6

The Whipping Boy



HMS Tenacious, 1795

Sea and sky. Nothing but sea and sky. 
Tenacious heaved in the growing swell. The storm chased the frigate out of Dutch waters, a relentless, mournful whine passing through what was left of the rigging, and young Lieutenant Bush snapped the captain’s brass telescope shut, surveying the deck of the ship. 
His ship, now the captain and the senior officers were dead. 
Spray hammered his face and salt whitened his uniform as he smeared water from his eyes. He had a hand on the taffrail – shattered under a French broadside – and pulled suddenly away, finding an inch-long splinter in his palm. 
‘Damn it!’ 
The words were whipped away by the gale, and he pulled the splinter from his hand, sucking away blood. Turning his face skyward, he lifted the point of his bicorne and hailed the crow’s nest. 
‘Lookout, there!’
It wasn’t he who’d spoken. The deck, sluiced with blood and filled with hands giving their all to clear the dead and dying into the sick-berth, turned as one at the bellowed command. The bosun’s mate, wearing nothing but deck rig and seemingly oblivious to the frigid spray, waited for the lookout’s face to appear from the barrel – high aloft – and screamed. ‘Eyes to the west! Watch for French warships from Cherbourg!’
The lieutenant bit on his irritation. He was about to pass the same order, yet the man had reckoned the notion ahead of him. He thought to say something along the lines of chain of command, but the big man unnerved him, despite the disparity in rank. There were rumours about the bosun’s mate – rumours of his first days at sea as a young man; of how he fell foul of old hands, hectored and browbeat as his grog ration and victuals were taken from him. He’d been beaten for his trouble, they said, taking the hammering in silence – punished for appearing on deck in torn rig and with blackened eyes, yet still the man said nothing of his tormentors, and they had laughed and thought themselves strong before the new fellow.
Rumours persisted that he wasn’t about taking the beating for nothing and that he’d only been biding his time, and when the ship had been blockading Gibraltar, when the Americans had tried to break the barrier of British ships and the crew had waited in fog-bound silence, the man had come upon his tormentor and silenced him with a strike to the throat before breaking his legs with an iron marlinspike. That was the rumour, they said – heaved the choking, mangled sailor over the side into Gibraltar’s deep-water harbour and walked away as he drowned, helpless and without hope of rescue as the ship’s company were hissed to silence by their officers. No-one could prove it, of course, with all hands’ eyes straining into the fog for enemy ships, no-one could remember seeing anything. The captain had led a service for the fallen after the blockade had been raised, and though the fellow’s messmates glared at the big man as the man’s soul was commended to the deep, none could match his gaze. 
He wasn’t just a hard man, they said, he was a leader. Men would follow him. 
Bush sought another tack. ‘Get those wounded below, sergeant!’ 
The redcoat marine turned at the lieutenant’s words, hesitating and looking to the bosun’s mate. ‘Don’t look to him, just follow my order, man!’
‘You heard the officer.’ The sergeant relayed his order with a deal less enthusiasm than it was given. ‘Get these men below – alongside their putrefying fellows!’
Again, he found his stature blunted. The man’s tone was insubordinate, yet he knew his position, elevated by cruel luck, would be regarded as unsound by those men who’d been at sea the longest. 
Which was just about everyone aboard, and he extended the telescope once more, scanning the western horizon – a futile gesture, under the hard-rolling sea and endless spindrift – but it would at least give him a commanding air. 
Snapping the glass shut, he yelled over his shoulder. ‘Helmsman! A point to port – we must raise Southampton before nightfall!’
‘Belay that order!’ The helmsman, straining at the spokes, looked over the wheel at the bosun’s mate, along with the few remaining deckhands. ‘The sea rises and the wind stiffens – we will be dismasted. Southampton is lost – we make for Tilbury!’
‘Damn you, Mr Hooke! I will not be countermanded.’ Bush’s fury was evident, though under Hooke’s steady gaze his words caught in the wind. ‘We will broach if we turn a-lee – we make for Southampton and the remainder of the Fleet.’
Rain sluiced off Hooke’s slick-shaved head, and his watery blue eyes regarded the lieutenant with the gaze of a man who expects his orders to be followed. Bush licked his lips and resisted the idea of smearing spray from his eyes lest the gesture be taken for weakness. Lifting a thick finger to point aloft, Hooke inclined his head, the wind howling harder in the rigging. There was a series of snaps like a musket volley, and the starboard shrouds, securing the mizzen mast, gave with a whiplash of snapped cables, flinging ironwork into the sails and adding to the holes punctured by French cannon.
‘Clear the deck!’ Hooke’s voice carried over the hands, blind to the danger, then scrambling clear as the mast groaned like a soul in hell, splintering in the tops. Rope after rope sang as they snapped, the uneven tension opening a rent in the wood. The mast began to fall, sickeningly slow, as men tried to jump clear into the roiling sea or their bodies breaking on the deck below, and Hooke caught the lieutenant about his shoulders, hauling the man aside as blocks and rigging shattered the taffrail. 
Bush’s cry was thin with shock, and he struggled clear of Hooke’s grasp, kicking fallen rigging clear of himself and scrabbling for his bicorne as it slid along the soaked deck. The helmsman, hauling blocks and ropework free of the wheel, bent to Bush’s hat, handing it back to the lieutenant, even as Hooke screamed another order. ‘The topmast! Cut the rigging and heave it overboard!’
‘No! It must be saved – there is too much rigging and sailcloth to be lost!’ Again, Bush’s words were whipped away by the gale, and he jammed the hat atop his head and tried to keep the last of his dignity. 
Still Hooke’s roar was the only voice heard among the hands. ‘The sea still rises! The mast will destroy half the deck – over the side with it! Cut the rigging before it drags us over!’
‘Damn you, Mr Hooke! You are insubordinate!’ Bush had his hand on Hooke’s shoulder before he knew what he was about. Hooke rounded on him, a brutal visage in a day and a night of savagery, yet the lieutenant found his certainty in the natural order of things. ‘Insubordinate and assaulting an officer!’ He turned eyes on the helmsman. ‘You saw! You all saw – manhandled by this man – taken to the deck, by God!’ He was casting his hands about, the helmsman looking at him as though he were mad, the marine sergeant gazing at him in pity and scorn, and he turned back to Hooke – watching with his dead eyes. ‘I will have the skin off your back for this, Mr Hooke! You will be court-martialed the minute we raise your precious-be-damned Tilbury!’
Hooke continued to stare at him, showing nothing of the fear the young lieutenant hoped for, turning his head as the remaining hands cut the rigging from the topmast and heaved it into the boiling sea. Fixing Bush with his gaze, Hooke shrugged and turned away. ‘Then at least we will know the ship were saved, lieutenant.’ 

Even here, he could smell the dead. 
He was penned in a ten-by-six berth, rigged up in the gun-deck after a french roundshot had turned the brig into a mess of splinters, blood and bone – a defaulter’s guts hanging like bunting over all. 
There was a single window set in the door and a marine guard standing beyond. Hooke sat quietly, easing the iron manacles about his calloused wrists. He didn’t feel their discomfort – ten years at sea had gifted him skin like rawhide, but their presence galled him; and a resolve grew in him, as it had many times before. 
Someone would die before he did.
The wind shifted. Tilbury’s dockside smell added to the stench of the dead and he stood, stretching his stiff and aching body, twisting his neck back and forth and leaning against the bulkhead to stare through the window. They had made it to London that morning, the storm blowing itself out and a weak sun showing beyond the clouds, and he could see the dead and dying lain out on the foredeck, no longer running with seawater but blood. The dockside was crowded with people, some waiting for news of loved ones, some just curious, watching as the warship was tended by the Admiralty’s carpenters and sailmakers, pronouncing what might be salvaged and what was beyond repair. Hooke grunted. The first of the physicians were coming aboard, hesitant and slipping on the gangplanks as marines scattered sand about the decks to aid their passage. 
He watched as the ship’s surgeon – the drunken bastard whose hands shook like jelly and who took a half-pint of rum before he could face his business – harried the young medicos.

‘You! And you! Have yourself aboard, my fine young fellows – you are about your baptisms! Find yourself wounded and show them your skill.’ The surgeon cast a hand at the two physicians, favouring them with a glass-eyed smirk before burping and taking to the side of the vessel, where he vomited into the water. 
Gasping, he turned his face to the sky. ‘Damn it. I did try. The dead still come . . .’ A thin drool ran from his lips, and Falwell thought the man had fallen asleep, leaning against the taffrail, before falling forward and retching into the water once more.
Falwell gaped at the sight. This was the ship’s surgeon? The fellow was raving, demented! – dressed in billowing white linen, long-stained with blood, both dried and fresh, and he tried to make sense of his station. He’d arrived in London the day before, intent on starting his career with one of the anatomy schools that were well-provided with cadavers, and here he was, taken by carriage from the hallowed walls of the medical institute – he and his particular friend – and driven pell-mell over cobbled streets to a stinking wharf. He’d been appalled by the sight as they stepped from the carriage. And the smell! The salty tang of the tidal river was bad enough, but the rotting fish, and the stench of putrefying flesh? 
There would have been a mistake – obviously, there had been a mistake, and he’d turned to the head of the faculty, a ponderous old fellow with an irritatingly amused look on his ruddy face. 
‘Sir Stephen, I really must protest! It was my understanding that I was to be seconded to the anatomy school as an assistant teaching fellow. This,’ he flung his hand about a mite too fast and tried not to gag, ‘this is no place for a gentleman of medicine!’
The older man watched him a moment, scratching at snow-white sideburns and leaning on a cane. ‘There are wounded here, Mr Falwell, British sailors, British soldiers – intent on your very liberty. Where else should a gentleman of medicine be found?’ 
Falwell’s eyes narrowed. Regardless of his rank, it was inconceivable he would expect them to work under such conditions. ‘Then let them be removed from here to the hospitals, the better to tend their wounds! We cannot—’
‘I do not believe, sir, that they would last the journey.’ 
His friend and companion had spoken, the fellow with the mess of brown hair that he was forever pushing from his eyes, and he found himself becoming more irritated by the moment. It didn’t help that the ponderous old fool was eyeing Dalton with an indulgent smile, and he was about to protest further when the other man stepped from the gangplank and onto the rocking deck, heedless of the pooling blood. ‘We have an opportunity to save some souls. We should not let such an opportunity pass us by, yes?’
‘Capital. I shall have food and drink supplied for you while you are about your business, gentlemen.’ Once again, Falwell was treated to a sly smile, before the old fool nodded approvingly at his companion and was gone.
Treading the narrow, creaking boards of the gangplank, he stepped carefully aboard, onto a lurching, floating charnel-house, and swore this would be the last time he ever set foot on  board a ship.

‘You are Jacob Hooke, bosun’s mate of His Brittanic Majesty’s frigate, Tenacious?’
The room was impressively built – elevated seating in black mahogany for witnesses and those of the ship’s company who were compelled to attend, a set of opulent desks for clerks of the court and naval lawyers to take their seats, and an elevated dais, laden with ledgers, affidavits and Tenacious’s log, where the presiding officers sat in stony-faced judgment.
He could feel the weight of naval authority in the courtroom. The roof was high, the lancet windows tall – letting in shafts of light that added little cheer to the proceedings, and all had attended in perfectly turned-out uniforms for the occasion. 
The occasion being the possibility of a guilty verdict and a death-sentence to follow. 
The air was close with it, yet he returned their gazes with the dead stare that came naturally. He knew what was coming and he’d be damned if he’d be begging before these men.
Or any man. ‘I am, sir.’
‘You stand before this court facing two charges, the first of which carries the severest penalty – that of death by hanging.’ The senior commissioner, a Captain Mulgrave RN, raised the charge sheet, shaking his head as though he could not quite believe the words. ‘The charge is: the crime of assaulting a superior officer – to wit, that during the recovery of HMS Tenacious from the evacuation of the Low Countries, you did manhandle the ranking officer, Lieutenant Bush, and drag him to the deck.’ Lowering the paper, he gazed evenly at him over his glasses. ‘How do you plead?’
Three-score pairs of eyes turned on him. 
He made them wait.
‘Well, sir?’
Hooke’s voice was soft; even. ‘Not guilty.’
The room filled with muttering – silenced by the Mulgrave. The plea was scratched into the log by a clerk. Leaning forward, Mulgrave fixed Hooke with his eyes. ‘You are saying, sir, under oath of damnation, that you did not manhandle Lieutenant Bush in said manner?’
‘I did, sir.’
‘Did what? Did say or did manhandle him? Come, sir – assert the truth of it!’
He was being browbeaten, that much was certain. He had no letters, no numbers; he had never had an education as these men would have it. But he knew them and he knew their minds. He read their ideas in their speech and in their stance. He had lived by such subtleties, driven men with a hard look and dark words. He knew their game, and he knew his fate was sealed. 
‘Lieutenant Bush was about to be struck dead by falling blocks and rigging, sir. Tenacious had already suffered terrible losses – the ship could not bear the death of another officer.’ He closed his eyes and breathed deeply, denying the man the opportunity to interrupt. ‘Thus, I took it upon myself to save his life – as would any loyal man.’
The courtroom was suddenly abuzz, much nodding and words of assent passing back and forth between the assembled men. From the corner of his eye, Hooke saw the thin white face of Lieutenant Bush glaring back at him. 
Bush had been humbled by him, in the countermanding of his orders. It was he who had pressed for the court-martial – he who sought nothing but a dull revenge, built on spite. 
Hooke would not deign to acknowledge his presence. He would humble the man further.
‘Silence, damn it!’ Mulgrave slammed his palm upon the polished desk, spilling a glass of water that had his deputy hissing in irritation as he lifted papers clear and brushed water away. ‘This is a court-martial and will be conducted with due regard!’ 
He sat back, his face red. ‘Mr Hooke, you would be wise not to speak of loyalty in such casual bearing, though since you choose to do so we might be about the second charge facing you. The charge of insurgency.’
Hooke did his best not to smile. A charge of mutiny and a guilty verdict would mean a death sentence. The lesser charge of insurgency would see him flogged. 
Pain, he could deal with.
‘That in the course of Tenacious’s recovery from Dutch to English waters, you did wilfully disregard the orders of your superior officer; to wit, Lieutenant Bush. Furthermore, you did countermand his orders to sail for Southampton and press those remaining hands to turn for London.’ 
Once more he faced the captain’s steel-eyed gaze and waited for him to speak. ‘How do you plead?’
Scapegoats. He’d seen them made under tyrant captains – flogging a good man with little care for the truth. He’d seen them in below-deck affairs, where the ignorant and superstitious would put on a show of proceedings before beating some unlucky soul out of his wits for the share of his grog. He’d faced it himself – faced it all. There was no defence here, he’d been denied the chance to speak up for himself. They just wanted his admission – finish up, flog the bastard and move on. He could feel the fury building, his jaw bunching behind his thick beard, and now he turned his dead gaze on Bush. 
Thrice-damned and fucking useless Lieutenant Bush. The man had been smirking as the charge was read out, yet now he turned away under Hooke’s glare, his bloodless face even more pallid if you could believe that! And Hooke swore the man’s fate would be served by him – by his hand alone and with no mercy shown to the jumped-up, snivelling bastard.
‘Well, sir?’ Mulgrave spoke idly, raising an eyebrow. ‘Have you lost your wits? Do fear and ignominy stop your voice? How do you—’
‘Guilty.’
The room seemed to shrink. A pause, a moment of restraint – then a collective gasp and muttering as the court grew alive.
‘I will have silence!’ Mulgrave was banging furiously on the desk as his deputies lifted papers and ledgers clear, though Hooke caught the triumphant gleam in the man’s eyes. More shouting and more banging brought the room to order, and he took the chance to turn on Bush again. The man was frowning, fidgeting with his hands and staring about himself. The air was heavier still, though this time with an expectant hush, and Hooke met the presiding officer’s gaze as he readied his verdict.
‘Jacob Hooke, you have entered a plea of not guilty to the charge of assaulting an officer. It pleases the Lords of the Admiralty, in whose name I speak, to uphold that plea.’ 
Again, murmurs and whispers passed about the room, though Mulgrave’s gaze brought swift silence. ‘You have, however, entered a plea of guilty to the charge of insurgency.’ Leaning forward, he lifted a quill and dipped it in an inkwell, signing a paper with a flourish and turning to his deputies. The officer to his left craned to look at the paper and nodded. The deputy to his right examined the paper, his face darkening as he read it. Mulgrave raised an eyebrow, and the other man shook his head with a dismissive wave. 
Mulgrave turned his eyes on Hooke. ‘You are hereby reduced to the rank of Able Seaman.’
There was a collective sigh. Many sat back and smiled, one or two fellows grinning and shaking hands at the leniency of the court: Jacob Hooke – impassive, distant, dangerous, but a good man to have at your back – was to be spared. Bush’s frown deepened, his lips tight as a drum.
Hooke knew better, and scowled.
‘Furthermore,’
The room quietened, falling to silence. ‘Your crime is so severe as to warrant deterrence. Therefore, it pleases the Lords of the Admiralty, in whose name I speak, for you to be flogged about the fleet – thirty lashes for every ship you make.’
A gasp, and the assembly swelled in shocked muttering. Bush’s frown became a smirk, though still he kept his eyes low. Hooke’s advocate, Tenacious’s ageing sailing master, stood to address the court. ‘Sir, I must protest! There are nine ships currently berthed in Tilbury. The appellant,’ he swallowed as the captain turned a baleful eye on him. ‘The charge is insurgency. It is not a capital crime, yet the punishment—’
‘You presume to interpret my findings, my sentence, sir?’
The sailing master shook his head, lifting his hands and letting them fall. ‘I do not, sir, merely to—’
‘The sentence is set and will be carried out in accordance with the court’s wishes.’ He was already sheafing his papers while his deputies closed the ledgers. ‘To be made tomorrow at noon, all hands of the fleet to bear witness. Take the prisoner down.’
Two marine provosts, of substantial build and carrying muskets and cutlasses, flanked Hooke and took his arms, intent on drawing him from the court and on to the cells,
Hooke didn’t move. They pulled, pushed and dragged at him, and still he did not move. His eyes were on Mulgrave, oblivious to the ongoing drama. Only when the man was gone did he allow them to escort him from the court, his final glare reserved for Lieutenant Bush. 
Bush’s smirk faded with the last of his colour, and as the assembly filed out, ignoring him. Hooke saw the shame of their disapproval – as though it were Bush who was condemned, not he, and he smirked as he was taken away, seeing the man’s shame.
Humbled.

They watched as the man walked to his fate. Flanked by marines and stripped to the waist, he carried enough scars to suggest he was no stranger to violence. Marine drummers beat out a tattoo as he was taken for punishment.
He made an imposing sight, despite the iron manacles at his wrists – head shaved and face set, he kept his jaw high as he was led to the grating. It had been lifted from the ship’s hold and lashed to the mainmast, and Hooke’s gaze remained steady as the manacles were struck, his wrists tied to tops of the grating. 
‘I don’t think I can watch.’ Falwell’s face was white as the leathers were made fast. ‘This is inhuman.’
‘Oh, don’t be so weak, man,’ said the ship’s surgeon, for once sober and looking oddly spry in his best uniform and a grey periwig. ‘Discipline must be upheld – an example must be made.’
The last of their number watched in silence. 
‘What do you say, Dalton?’ said Falwell. The flagship’s sergeant-of-marines let the cat out of the bag – a baize handle with nine tails of knotted cord. ‘As a physician, you must have a notion on this – barbarism.’
‘I have never witnessed such discipline,’ Dalton was speaking to Falwell, though he kept his eyes on the unfolding scene. ‘So I have no opinion to speak of.’
Falwell and the surgeon shared a glance, jumping at the yell of the officer overseeing the sentence. ‘All hands to witness punishment!’
‘Get on with it, man!’ Mulgrave, the post-captain who had overseen the courtroom proceedings, stood at the elevated ship’s wheel and bellowed his displeasure. ‘The hands have been mustered an hour or more – commence and be done!’
Standing at the taffrail, Falwell scanned the docks. They were crammed with sailors and marines, ordered in place by their officers and kept there by the promise of a double ration of grog. None but the blackest-hearted of them would willingly bear witness to a flogging – it was by the barest chance that any of them could find the skin off their backs under the Navy’s iron discipline. The marine sergeant had his jacket off under a sun, hidden by smoke and cloud, and dipped the cat in a cask of seawater, and readied himself, nodding at his lieutenant. 
The officer raised his hand, then let it fall. The drummers held fast.
And Jacob Hooke suffered the first of his two-hundred and seventy lashes.

‘Two-hundred and sixty!’
The fleet watched in silence. The marine sergeant had been replaced by one of his men, then another – one man chosen for his left-handedness to weave the condemned’s back with deeper scars. A lady, watching from the dockside, had fainted before he had taken fifty lashes, and a stevedore, sickened by the sight, raised his voice in condemnation of the Navy’s discipline, against a service who punished those so recently returned from battle, and was quietly moved on by marines. Beaten out of his wits for his ‘seditious manner’, so the captain-of-marines put it, a sullen grumbling went about the dockside as the mustered fleet watched the punishment continue.
Jacob Hooke leaned against the wooden grating with his head down. Blood ran from his scoured back, soaking his britches and sluicing onto the deck in a puddle of red, yet not once had he cried out, not once did a plea for mercy issue forth, and they had watched in bemusement, then wonder, then marvel as the big man stood and took his licks. Where the whip did not fall his skin was white and slick with sweat that beaded and ran from his forehead, and a great tremor was building within him. Tattered flesh hung from his back and the ship’s surgeon was called to examine him, searching for exposed ribs and finding none, pronouncing him fit to continue his punishment. The flogging had continued, while heads were shaken and harsh words passed about the mustered hands.
Falwell had excused himself within ten minutes. He had wiped his mouth and shuffled to the poop deck, jumping as the supervising officer called the numbers and the lash fell, driving his eyes shut and blinding himself against the vision of scarified flesh. 
‘You all right?’
Again, he jumped. Dalton had placed a hand on his shoulder, staring at him as one or two sailors turned away and rolled their eyes. 
Damn them! It was inconceivable that anyone should bear witness to such savagery, regardless of the man’s offence. Damn Dalton too, for making him start so, exposed as squeamish and pithless before these men. ‘I’m fine! Just a little out of sorts from the rolling of the ship.’
‘Of course.’ Dalton smiled in sympathy. ‘I heard tell from the sailing master: another ship-full of wounded is to make port before the next tide. It seems we will have more trade to ply, old boy.’
Falwell closed his eyes and tried not to groan. ‘And will we be allowed to treat those unlucky souls between a hospital’s walls? Or are we to be sent rolling from one side of the deck to the other, along with torn limbs and rivers of blood?’
Dalton patted him on the back and turned away. ‘Let me worry about that. You should repair to the dockside and assist with the triage, yes?’
He was about to say more, along the lines of impugning his honour, or something equally hollow. Instead, he offered up a weak grin and nodded. ‘I think that would be for the best.’

‘Two hundred and seventy, and all’s done, sir!’
A collective sigh passed about the mustered fleet, all two thousand of them. Jacob Hooke sagged against the grating, blood flowing freely from his wounds, and the duty officer stood attentively by, awaiting Mulgrave’s pleasure. The captain remained quiet, casting his eyes about the ship’s company and the wider fleet about the docks. He took a moment to lift his pocket watch, flipping open the case and examining the sky, and the air became heavier as the assembled hands scowled and narrowed their eyes at his callousness.
Mulgrave shut the case on his watch and nodded. ‘Take him down.’ 
The lieutenant nodded, passing the word for the marines to cut the thongs holding the big man in place, and screamed. ‘Punishment seen and done! All hands – to your duties – dismissed!’

He was almost out of his wits. 
The cat o’ nine tails was well-named. From the start, he had felt its claws in him. His flesh was thick and muscled from years of toil, from running out the guns to hauling water-heavy hawsers and barrels, yet the cat had the better of him, as it did with any man who went under its claws. And now, as he sagged in the arms of the marines, he felt its claws still, rending and biting and stripping him of flesh. 
His body heaved and shook, and he felt as though someone had set a fire in him. Still he had not cried out – a small victory, in front of those who would watch in awe and speak of his fortitude over rum and ale in London’s taverns. 
And for those who condemned him, who would never – who could never – bear such trials.
Respect. Admiration.
Fear. 
It was his due. Now, there would be those who would fear him for his nerve, for his strength.
The thought brought a smirk under the heavy beard, and a glimpse, a sweat-stung idea of Lieutenant Bush and Captain Mulgrave, passed before his eyes as he was half-dragged towards the sick-berth.
They would know fear. He would make them see it.
Then they would die.

The daylight was fading. Lamplights cast a sickly glow among those still laying about the deck, and the young physician worked quickly and quietly among those who might still live, taking bandages and laudanum to ease their suffering, and kind words and morphia for those with no hope.
Falwell had done the best he could before withdrawing to a tavern – a martyr to a ‘nervous constitution’, or so he put it. His assertion that he would be deck-side at dawn’s first light, ready for the fray, was met with sidelong glances from both Dalton and the ship’s surgeon, the latter taking to the sick-berth to tend those fellows whose wounds required amputation. They were kept below for the sake of those of a gentle temperament, living along the dockside, and the screams were heard only about the ship.
Hooke pushed himself up from the cot and watched through a window cut in the bulkhead. The wounded still moaned, but softly now, calling for comfort and water as the cries were subdued by the attention of the young doctor. A seaman, loading amputated legs and arms into a hessian sack, weighted it with an old cannonball and heaved it over the side, sending the load to the bottom.
Hooke was bound with linen bandages, wound about his chest and back, yet the blood still showed. Heaving his legs over the edge of the oak cot, he hissed, and the wooden frame creaked under his grasp.
‘Laudanum! Laudanum for a back made restive after a flogging!’ The surgeon was fussing about him, cut three-sheets by French brandy and grinning as Hooke stared through the tiny window. ‘You will not find rest without it, Jacob my boy! Laudanum – I will prescribe you a three-days’ worth.’
His head ached from the tension in his jaw. His eyes ached from screwing them shut against the never-ending pain. And above all, the cat still gnawed and clawed at him, the fire cooling under the balm the man had applied. He lowered his head and rocked with the gentle motion of the ship. 
‘Who is that physician?’
‘Hmm?’ The surgeon turned from searching through a box of salves to squint through the window. Eight-bells were being rung as the last of the evening light faded. ‘Oh, that’s young Dalton. Fresh-arrived from Edinburgh and about making a name for himself.’ He turned his reddening eyes on Hooke. ‘He’ll learn. Burning the candle away, he is – burning, burning, until there’s naught left to give.’ He had the brandy bottle in his hand and put the neck to his mouth, tilting it up and finding it empty. ‘Naught but ashes and dust . . .’
Hooke’s face was sour with pain, and he snarled as he dragged himself up by a beam, stooping to lean on the bulkhead and watch as sailors lit lamps for the physician to work by. ‘He’s not burning himself out.’ He had his hand at his jaw, scratching at the black beard. ‘He’s drunk on it – hard under its grasp.’
‘Blood.’ The surgeon lifted glassy eyes and stared. Hooke had his back to him, and he could see the bandages, reddening as much as his eyes. ‘Oh, look at that – so much blood! You need laudanum! Laudanum, yes! And bandages – I will have your sufferings eased. You will never know they were there!’
He was rooting through a sea-chest for more bandages, pulling them clear and dropping them, watching them unroll along the length of the swaying berth. ‘Damn. Never mind, we can still tend to the pain, yes? For ‘tis the physician’s art to alleviate the suffering of one’s fellow man.’
‘Leave it.’ Hooke had a thick hand on the bars of the window, seething through his teeth as his shoulders bunched, trying to ease the endless, gnawing torment and glaring as he watched Dalton moved tirelessly among the wounded.
‘Nonsense. I may not have elevated to the rank of physician but I am still the ship’s surgeon. Now, as my patient—’
‘I said leave it.’
‘But look at you! You have blood running into your britches, man – corruption will surely follow.’ He held up a tincture of laudanum, passing the drug under the big man’s face and drawing it away. ‘See? No more pain! No more suffering. Now then,’ he fumbled the glass phial and it cracked on the floor of the berth, leaking its contents onto the boards where it was quickly swallowed by the timbers. ‘Damn it! See what you’ve made me do?’ Picking up an open bandage, he held it up to wind about the man’s waist. ‘Here – let’s just get this tucked in, and—’
Hooke’s blow took him below his ear, breaking his jaw with an audible crack and spinning him to the cot. He sighed once and was still.
Hawsers creaked and hands below decks sounded dully about the sick-berth. Hooke stood and watched. The moment passed, and he took the man’s pea-jacket from a hook and wrapped himself in it. The cloth was heavy and the buttons wouldn’t meet about his chest, but it covered the bloodstained bandages. There was a black John-Bull hat on a separate hook, and Hooke dragged the low-crowned brim over his scarred face, putting his eyes in shadow. 
He spared a moment to gaze through the window. Dalton had taken a mug of tea gratefully from a sailor, and Hooke stalked from the cabin and made his way to the main deck. One or two fellows, busy in the gathering darkness, made their obeisance to him. The cat was back in the bag, stored beside the ship’s bell – a reminder to all of naval discipline – and they didn’t notice as he took it for himself.
A marine guard, standing in idle conversation with a dockside worker, stood at the head of the gangway, and he ducked under the foredeck’s shadow – peering along the taffrails from one end of the ship to another – before heaving himself over the ropework and lowering himself into the river’s water.
Blissfully cool against his tortured flesh, he swam for the merchant docks, careful not to make any noise. 
He had cast his die, abandoning the senior service and those who would show no mercy for his labours. 
For the sake of vengeance and nothing more.

‘Bush, my boy! I believe another brandy is in order – do the honours, eh?’
Mulgrave’s call rang about the dockside tavern with the satisfied aplomb of a returning hero, and with all the tact of a pig in a parlour. For the life of him, Bush couldn’t understand why the captain had insisted on repairing to such a paltry place. The old fool had made some nostalgic claim to the taverns of Tilbury having ‘The finest food and the finest drink the world over, served and received by the salt of the Earth!’
God knew where he’d dredged up such a notion. Those ‘salts of the Earth’ made a sullen bunch, huddling over pots of ale and making quiet conversation as they glared at Mulgrave and the party of marines who’d served out Hooke’s punishment. Tilbury seemed to value sailors a mite more than the navy did. 
He came to his feet, a little worse for drink, and was given a rousing cheer from the captain of marines, echoed by his men, as he slipped on spilt ale and tallow and caught himself between two tables, almost spilling the foaming tankards of a party of stevedores. 
‘My apologies,’ he slurred. Pipe-smoke hazed the taproom, and he blinked as he made his way to a rough bar. The tavern-keep glared at him as he leaned on the oak. ‘Another round of brandies for the captain and his party, if you please.’
‘Some revelry, your honour?’ The man fished out scratched and chipped glasses, The bowls made poor imitations of brandy-snifters, and he slopped spirit carelessly into them. ‘You must have much to celebrate.’
Bush stared at the man. He kept his eyes low and spoke in unwelcoming tones as he pushed the glasses towards the naval officer. Bush wasn’t in the mood for table-talk and gathered up the drinks.
‘And the bill of fare? I take it the Admiralty will be making good on your fellows’ mounting costs?’ The man had a finger on the base of the last glass.
He bridled at the man’s tone. ‘Of course! You think the King’s Navy – men of honour, no less – do not settle their debts?’
The man let his gaze linger, before drawing his finger away through a skein of spilled ale. ‘A strange choice of words, sir – men of honour and men of baser character will see their debts settled.’
Bush gaped at the man as he turned to serve another. He hadn’t been feeling himself since the court-martial – seeing Jacob Hooke convicted and sentenced. As Mulgrave had read out the guilty verdict he’d expected to find himself exultant. Then as the sentence was passed his cheer was replaced by a creeping dudgeon – a suspicion that Hooke’s prosecution, dressed up as righteous justice, was nothing more than spite reserved for an inferior who had done nothing more than save the ship and all souls. 
Including his.
‘Bush! There you are, sir! Running a blockade of Frenchies to return safe with our brandy.’ Mulgrave was ebullient, making the court’s outcome his own and toasting his success. ‘Sit yourself down and wipe away that crestfallen look, sir. This is a place of good cheer and I’ll have no black mood to sour our victory.’
Unseen, someone cursed and spat. Bush stared at Mulgrave. The captain had his hand on his collar and was smiling, waiting for a reply. 
‘Aye, that’s as maybe, sir. I would prefer, I think, to have found somewhere a little more discreet for your pleasure,’ he held up his glass and gazed at the dark spirit. ‘However much you approve of the fare in this place.’
Mulgrave smile grew wide, though still a long way from finding his eyes. ‘The fare, Lieutenant Bush? The fare is shit.’ He was rocking him back and forth, and Bush frowned at the familiarity, no matter what the man’s rank. ‘The food is fit only for dogs, the brandy is fit only for blacking grates.
‘Then why—?’
‘The impression of discipline, Mr Bush, must be maintained.’ Mulgrave inspected the brandy and swallowed it in one. He grimaced and shook his head. ‘By morning, Tilbury will know that the punishment detail, the affronted lieutenant and the captain who passed sentence himself, sat in defiance of the dogs who hold the notion they share a bond with a single insubordinate tar.’ He let his gaze drift about the taproom, daring the scowling inhabitants to do more. ‘Ludicrous sentiments, Mr Bush. One does not train a disobedient dog with a single whipping. One whips and whips again, until the cur knows its master and knows its place. Then do you lead the pack, and they will be grateful for any bones you throw their way.’
Bush blinked under the man’s gaze. He took a sip of brandy and made an excuse to remove himself from such bitterness. ‘If you will excuse me, sir. I feel the urge to visit the jakes.’
‘Of course.’ Mulgrave sat back and linked gnarled hands over an expanding paunch. ‘I’m sure they collect sailor’s piss and distill it back into whatever passes for ale in this cesspit.’
Bush sensed the air in the tavern drop a degree or two as he made his way outside.

An outhouse stood in the narrow alley, devoid of light and crowded by tall houses. Bush slipped in something foul and put his hand on the tavern’s wall, snatching his hand away and bringing a web of scum and rotting bills with it. Cursing, he wiped away the mess on his jacket. 
The evening was not what he expected. He was in a foul mood as it was, and Mulgrave’s sneering went against all the romantic notions of exploration and fellowship that had driven him to join the senior service. Calling for Jacob Hooke’s court-martial after the man had saved his life gnawed at him. It was a stain on his character, irking him like a particularly bothersome fly, and he resolved to do better. It was a shame Hooke’s punishment had been so severe, but the man was of another class, little higher than the vermin that crowded the docks. He would survive, of course he would – the rats always thrived in the ships of His Majesty’s navy, and Bush smiled at the thought, feeling his good humour returning. Patting down his jacket, he found a cigar stowed in his breast pocket and resolved to take a long, satisfying smoke at the close of business.
A loathsomely fat fellow staggered from the outhouse, bringing the stench of shit and ale-thick piss with him. 
‘When you’re quite finished, eh?’ Bush glared at the man, the lout staring at him with boozy eyes and touching a non-existent forelock before shuffling away. ‘And make an effort with your appearance, damn you! Show a little dignity.’ He couldn’t help smiling as he unbuttoned his britches to relieve himself, starting to feel his old self again. Sighing contentedly, he drained his bladder into a steaming keg.
A tap at the outhouse door made him wince, missing the keg and soaking the wooden seat. ‘Be off with you! Find a wall or the dockside to relieve yourself.’ He was fumbling himself away, making himself decent again, when the rotten door creaked open.
‘Damn it, I said—’
Jacob Hooke stood before him.
Bush’s skin grew slick and cold under his jacket, and his guts filled with ice.
‘Hooke. How? I—’
Dead eyes gazed down at him as he felt the touch of a knife beneath his jaw. Bush hissed, his hands going to the man’s wrists as his chin was lifted – higher still, his eyes wide and forced to gaze down his nose as Hooke spoke. 
‘Mulgrave.’
‘In – in the tavern.’
‘How many?’
Bush had to swallow, the blade cold against his flesh, and he gasped the words out. ‘Four – the marine sergeant and his guard. Hooke – Jacob. I—’
He felt Hooke’s arms bunch under his fingers and the blade was raised, biting into his jaw. He gargled, sobbing from his throat as he was lifted from the floor. His legs kicked madly, his boots thrashing and knocking the wooden jakes aside, and he just had time to feel his britches filling with shit before the blade pinned his tongue to his jaw, going higher still.
Lights exploded before his eyes. Hooke’s gaze turned red – the world turned red, before falling away into a never-ending darkness.

Mulgrave excused himself and left the redcoats to their pleasure. He accepted the sergeant’s hand on his shoulder as he stood to take the night air with good grace, making a mental note to see the man suffer for his familiarity. The tavern’s denizens kept surly gazes on him as he strode between them, unconcerned. It was laughable – the commoners, the riff-raff, seething in pitiful resentment; the due order was self-evident, ordained by God. It took men of substance, men of grandeur – men like him – to make them see that. 
A dozen pairs of eyes followed him out of the tavern, finding himself in the salty air of the wharfs. The night was warmed by the glow of street-lamps, ship-lights and tavern windows. A crescent moon rose over a forest of masts and he took a moment to stare at the river, snaking on to a distant horizon – to the reach of England’s empire.
The thought brought a contented sigh. Iron discipline drove the country’s military might ever forward. And the navy would show the way above all, if he had anything to do with it. Hooking his thumbs into his belt, he cast an eye about the quayside. Bush must be done by now, and he felt the need for one of the lieutenant’s cigars. 
Hooke had undoubtably saved the man and his ship, that was obvious. The young lieutenant was predictable and naive – a consequence of untested youth, yet the divisions of rank and class had to be maintained. It was a simple matter, weighing the decision of the court in Bush’s favour. Hooke would recover from his paltry wounds. The commoners would know their place, and the Haute-Monde – the elite – would maintain their status, secure in splendour and privilege, and a guiding light to lead Britannia’s way.
Where the hell was Bush, anyway?
A gale of laughter and warmth issued from the loose tavern door. Mulgrave’s eyes narrowed as the reverie faded; but for him, the quayside seemed empty. A shadow beside the tavern’s wall glowed with the blood-red of a drawn cigar, and he took a step towards it. 
‘Bush – is that you there?’
There was no reply. Mulgrave squinted in the gloom. Somewhere a ship’s bell rang the midnight watch. The water slapped against hulls at anchor, and Mulgrave came closer still. ‘Who the Devil is that, man?’
The cigar glowed again. The shadow turned into the confines of the alley beside the tavern, and Mulgrave felt his anger boil. ‘Turn your back on me, would you?’ Another blasted commoner with no regard for his station! ‘Damn you, show yourself, sir!’ 
Following into the alleyway, he was beset by the stench of a half-rotted outhouse, and he passed an arm in front of his face, though not at the smell. 
A body lay in the street. Mulgrave caught his breath – it wore the blue of a navy uniform, and he felt his anger quenched by a rising fear as he staggered to look. 
Bush’s eyes were open, though his face was pale and unmoving. His mouth was filled with blood, and a trail had spilled from his jaw to his britches. 
‘Captain Mulgrave.’
He spun, slipping on the cobbles and throwing his hands out to steady himself. 
The shadow was back, filling the walls of the alley. The cigar was cast aside, fizzling out in a puddle. 
‘Who’s there?’ He could see little in the faint light. ‘Show yourself!’ 
The shadow loomed before him, lifting the brim of a black hat, and Mulgrave saw the watery blue eyes gleaming in the wasted lamplight. ‘Well, well – Able Seaman Hooke. Hale and hearty, are we, Jacob?’
Hooke said nothing. Mulgrave’s hand went to his side, feeling for his sword. It might be worn for ceremonial purposes more than combat but he was still a captain of the Royal Navy, with a history of sword-skill all his own. Bush had proved his worthlessness and it had been his undoing. 
Not so he. ‘It seems you’ve not learned your lesson, Seaman Hooke.’ The sword was an inch out of its scabbard. ‘Perhaps it is time you—’
 His face exploded in pain and he staggered against the wall, hands flailing. A hand went to his face, finding blood and torn flesh, and he gaped at the shadow as it raised the stolen lash. 
‘What—’
The thongs caught at his throat, robbing him of breath. He rolled away, turning his back and flailing to find his way, and fear followed him. The cat struck his back – a futile strike over his serge jacket, but still he felt its sting. It found his legs, biting through skin, and his knees buckled, sending him to the ground and scrabbling through the filth. Again and again, the whip fell, and he raised a hand in defence, gasping. ‘Stop—Jacob . . .’
Hooke was above him. His hand rose and fell like a hammer. The thongs rent his jacket and tore his shirt, flayed his scalp and neck and found it’s way deeper into his flesh. He was sobbing, clutching at his slashed throat and begging, and still Hooke flogged him. At once, he looked up, and his sight was taken – flensed away in a spray of blood. He couldn’t scream or see or breathe – everything was becoming distant. Darkness overtook him, even though the pain remained, and he longed to be away from it all. 
The shadow struck time after time and he almost welcomed its touch. 
He should make some protest, something about his station, but he was cold and tired and sightless, and all he could do was to curl into a ball and die.
Jacob Hooke had his vengeance.

*

‘Hold, damn you!’
Hooke spun with a snarl. At the end of the alley stood the marine sergeant – the man who had laid-on the strokes with the lash. So deep in his fury was he that he had failed to notice their approach, and he stood foursquare, the lash in one hand and the knife in the other. The marines stood frozen beside their sergeant. 
The man had a pistol out. His men drew their sea-service cutlasses, following his lead, and Hooke dared them to come, dared them to try, seething his defiance as the sergeant took aim. He saw him close one eye and sight along the pistol’s barrel, finger whitening on the trigger. He had a moment to move aside – a moment to save his own life.
Too late. The shot flared bright in the alley – a thunderbolt of light and sound.
Nothing. No pain, no numbing shock as the ball thudded into his flesh and saw him dead, and the marine was spun aside, his men turning in shock and fear. 
Shadows closed about them. Light flashed on steel as blades were drawn – the sulphur stink of burnt powder filled the alley, and with their sergeant out of the fight the last of the marines backed away, hands raised and looking to one another for aid.
Hooke still had his weapons up, glaring at the newcomers as one shadow, squat and thickset, came before him. 
‘Jacob Hooke, I take it?’
‘Who the fuck are you?’
The man grinned in the darkness. ‘Well, now – the fucking name would be Dyer.’ Hooke straightened, knuckles whitening on the grip of the knife, and readied to kill the man if he made so much as a move. ‘I have someone who wishes to meet with you.’
‘And that would be?’
‘The gentleman has gone to much trouble to secure your good health. He awaits your company not far from here.’ Dyer raised a welcoming hand. ‘If you would be so kind as to follow.’
Shadows moved behind, guarding the alley. The marines were gone, seen off by the figures who allied themselves with Dyer. In light of recent events, Hooke trusted no-one, though nor was he about to give up an opportunity. ‘If you should cross me, Mr Dyer . . .’
‘Perish the thought!’ Dyer had his hands up, turning and indicating for Hooke to follow. ‘Shall we?’
Hooke glared at him, seeing no hesitation in the man’s gaze, and followed after with a grunt. The figures at the mouth of the alley gathered about them, and he could see they were a motley crew of young and old, gangling and thickset builds. Together, they moved away from the tavern and from the docks, losing themselves in the maze of streets, making for a wide boulevard in the heart of the city. Street-lamps cast mirrored light on wet flagstones and horse-drawn carriages clattered past, despite the late hour.
The cloaked figures held back as Hooke found himself standing before a black carriage. A coachman, cloaked in similar manner to the figures behind, opened the coach’s door and lowered the step. Hooke glanced at Dyer. ‘You coming?’
‘Not my place, Mr Hooke.’ 
Hooke stared at the man as he took a step back, lowering his eyes with a touch of respect. The coachman nodded in invitation, and Hooke passed the still-bloody lash to Dyer, who took it with a curious smile. ‘I couldn’t swing it in there anyway,’ and he climbed into the carriage, the vehicle rocking under his weight as the door shut behind him.
An oil lamp flickered in the body of the coach revealing yet another cloaked figure,  sitting opposite. With a lurch, the carriage moved forward, and he glared into the blackness of the cowl before him, feeling the intensity of his stare returned. 
‘Does nobody show their face any more?’ growled Hooke.
A moment’s pause, and then a man’s voice – older, somewhat cultivated – issued from the hood. ‘My apologies, Jacob.’ 
Hooke stiffened but held his tongue. 
‘At this time I find a certain comfort in remaining faceless.’
Hooke stared back, trying to discern the man’s face and readying himself for signs of betrayal. His scrutiny was met with silence and the rocking of the carriage over cobbled streets. ‘So? What is it you want with me?’
The shadow leaned forward.
‘I have a business proposition for you, Jacob . . .’



Chapter 7

Fury



The city of Mechelen in the Netherlands, October, 1572

From a hilltop overlooking the city walls, she watched the army come. 
The seven provinces of Netherlands and the Low Countries had rebelled against the catholic King of Spain, and the Prince of Orange had left a protestant force to garrison the city of Mechelen. He continued his advance against the Spanish dominion, and the Spanish bulldog, the Duke of Alba, turned his gaze on Orange’s garrison. Alba’s army had not seen been paid for months, and unpaid soldiers are as rabid dogs, apt to bite all about them. 
Mechelen was offered to his men in lieu of pay. 
The city fathers opened the gates, the largely catholic population singing psalms of contrition and penitence as they welcomed the Spanish army.
She watched in darkness. Night had fallen early, though to her it made little difference – she knew what was about to happen. The stink of it was on the air, brought on the river breeze and the voices of a damned populace. The fury was alive in her mind, a sickness that drove men beyond murder, to a place where blood wasn’t the only thing they wanted. 
She had known it herself, the searing madness finding its way in when she took those who revelled in evil – their blood was steeped in it – and it took all her discipline, all her restraint to cool the savagery, lest she become like them.
Though a hundred times more dangerous.
Opening her eyes, the stars lit the night with a delicate fire. Below, the fires were more cruelly set. 
The screaming had begun. 
She hadn’t drawn breath for some minutes, though now she sucked in air, finding sickly tastes on the air, of bloodlust and terror, and she sighed – in her eyes, she saw the rise and fall of swords and spears – in her ears, she heard the cries of the dead and dying.
Mechelen was dying
To the west lay the church. The tiny sanctuary had been given over to a priory, where she had been greeted as a sister by the ageing prioress. Finding a mote of sanctuary, a retreat from the cares of the world, the strange young woman had been welcomed without prejudice. Despite the unusual habits of rising late and working long into the night the sisters had come to accept her and the assets she brought to their quiet community, tending the gardens and the beehives – where, remarkably, she had never once been stung – and the singular reverence she gave to the dead, tending the graveyard as though her own blood lay buried there. 
The sisters devoted themselves to the glory of God and saw her as an equal, though the irony of her presence in that place was not lost on her. Suspicion grew strong among those who lived under the shadows of fear and superstition – in the smaller, remoter communities, where everyone knew each other’s business. Staying too long in one place would see her cursed – scorned by those who would never recognise her as kin, damned as witch or succubus, an unholy taint to be driven from their borders. She understood. She had learned to move on before a public outrage took hold and brought needless death.
    Another scent tainted the air, a new terror, stronger than the bloodlust across the water, and she moved faster, finding her way by taste and scent as much as sight. 
    Her nature puzzled her, no longer believing herself damned or possessed by an outsider spirit, long-since discarded as superstition. Dreams haunted the few hours of sleep she allowed herself and brought suggestions of a world long dead. Thus she would move from place to place, teasing answers from men of science and wisdom, until the blind reality of her nature would elicit shock, then fear, then revulsion. Time to leave. 
Always the outsider.  
Coming to a halt she closed her eyes, breathing the cool air, scenting mud and water; sweat, steel and powder. The church was near, set deliberately apart from the city walls, isolated in a contemplative solitude for the benefit of those within. 
Running now, she leapt from grass tussock and rocks to the well-trodden paths that skirted the river, seeing broken grasses and boot-prints. It had been hours since she had left the church, catching the army’s scent from afar and finding a landmark, a beacon to watch their approach. She hadn’t noticed the scouting parties from across the river, and she cursed her lack of foresight, quickening her pace as she saw how old the tracks were. 
Inexcusable. It wasn’t as though she had never been a soldier, had never served in an army and learned their tactics, but it had been some years ago. An age, in fact.
Regardless of the far-distant years, the memories of a city under siege were not easily lost, and her shadow-quick form tore through the night, the church rising on a black horizon – knowing what she would find. 
    Knowing what she would do.
    
‘Teniente, a drink?’
‘No. I mean, thank you – I have my own.’ 
His hands were shaking as he turned from the young soldier, one of his own, one of the army’s scouting force he’d been ordered to take from the main body of the corps now descending on Mechelen. He was glad of the duty, glad his coronel had detailed him and his men away from the crush of bodies, sweating and seething to be in the city. The night was lit by torchlight, carried by infantry and cavalry alike, and the voices of a fearful populace carried beyond the great city gates, nothing like the restless hate he saw in the eyes of those eager to enter – eager to be about their bloody business. 
The flask was silver, embossed with the crest of his family – a lesser nobility from Cordoba – and he would take care to keep it from their eyes, putting the neck to his lips when the pillaging became too much. Slipping the flask into a tunic pocket, he smeared his lips with a sleeve adorned with gilded rope and silver-laid epaulettes and fought back bile. The smell of blood crowded him, a metal warmth steaming from the crypt’s flagstones and making him wince. Though nothing to the begging and screaming he’d been forced to endure as his men went about their business.
Finding the convent’s sisters, huddled and terrified beneath the priory, he had pushed aside any thoughts of mercy and stood in deliberation of their find, an impression of power as he plastered on a smirk beneath his thin beard and stroked his jaw. There was a moment when the women, their eyes wide with terror, assailed him with pleas for compassion, for mercy. 
He wanted to stop it, choking as his men sheathed their weapons and grinned and murmured and laughed. They were like dogs, straining at the leash. Without pay and far from home they watched him, bristling for his approval. He could stop them – he would stop them – be the chivalrous, honourable leader. But they would despise him, retreat from him in sullen discontent and deride him for his unmanliness and want of courage. 
What courage? What valour was there in this?
So he had smiled and shrugged and let slip their leashes, pretending at laughter as they fell on the innocents, shaking his head and turning aside – a tolerant father, leaving them to their sport. 
‘Alas, one of us must watch for scouts and spies, and it falls to my position to do so – I will see you are not disturbed, gentlemen.’ He left in a mirthless roar of consent, followed by harsh words – slaps and punches, cries and screams, and the tearing of vestures. The quivering smile stayed on his lips until he cleared the crypt’s stone stairs and put a hand to the tiny wooden altar, sucking in air as the bile rose and his knees weakened.
An hour he left them to their pleasure. The air outside was cool and fresh. He could still hear them below, along with the cries of the sisters, quieter now. Failing. 
The city across the river fared no better. Fires had broken out between Mechelen’s buildings of wood and stucco, following the soldiers' paths as the pillage spread. The army had not seen pay for months, teetering on the brink of mutiny. Mechelen was their pay.
This was not war as he had imagined it. Years of study at the university, immersed in classical romanticism, said nothing of the wholesale slaughter of innocents, no matter how misguided their faith. Nevertheless, his education and his noble blood had seen him accepted into the Academia de los Militares. 
An unremarkable cadet, the presentation of his officer’s sword was the proudest moment of his life, and he had returned the gushing pride of his family with false humility, declaring his fealty to his king and the restoration of catholicism to the Dutch provinces.
‘Jesus!’ An explosion sent a fireball into the sky, illuminating the city and the river. The depredations of his men were forgotten as he watched the rising fire, and he noticed a figure moving quickly along the river path. She was dressed in grey cloth and with a simple coif covering her head, moving fast towards the church, and he choked on his fear for her.
‘Sister! Please, go no further!’ 
She couldn’t have heard him, moving so quickly and with the noise of the fires and the explosion, and he ran after her, crying as he did so, ‘Sister! You must go no further – your life is in peril!’
She stopped before the plain oak doors of the church and lowered her head. He was perhaps a hundred yards behind her, yet even here, with the fires across the river and the lamplight hanging over the door, he could see her twisting her head slowly back and forth, as though straining to hear something.
‘Hold, sister! Let me speak with you!’ 
Quickening his pace, he could see her eyes were closed and her jaw was raised. She turned, and her eyes were on him. Whatever spurred him to stop her entering that place faded under her gaze, and he slowed to a halt, forgetting his fear for her. 
Her face was lean and fine, with high cheekbones and full lips, and her skin was a ghostly white. Yet it was her eyes that drew him. They were the deepest blue, catching the lamplight in gleams of silver as she watched him. 
Once more his will was taken by another, and he saw the briefest of smiles – was it scorn? For him? – before she turned away and into the church.

She knew what she would find. 
So did he – the young teniente – following breathlessly behind, absolving himself of his guilt by turning away. A good man, a weak man – no leader, certainly. 
Nothing was achieved with good intentions. 
She had fasted for weeks, sharing food with the priory’s sisters, exercising abstinence – taking control. Now there was justification, so she told herself.
The lies came so easily.
The teniente was running again, trying to close with her and muttering something about escape, about getting away. She allowed him a glance, seeing him falter, before taking the stone steps into the crypt.
No-one would escape.

‘Another, teniente?’ 
His cabo, the senior man, watched with pig-eyed interest as she led him into the crypt. Struggling, after his exertions and sharing mugs of mead and wine with the men, the cabo came heavily to his feet. ‘You indulge us, señor. We were thinking you had abandoned us. And yet, here you are, bringing another delicacy for your valiant soldados.’
He barely heard the man, staring as he followed the woman into the poorly-lit crypt, a couple of sconce candles throwing yellow light on the scene below. The stink of blood hit him like a smoke-filled room and he could see they had dumped the sisters’ bodies among piles of rope and tapped barrels. He willed his hand to the pale woman’s shoulder, tried so hard to make her leave, but his men had their eyes on him as well as her, so he followed her down and smiled and shrugged. 
‘For my heroic men, nothing but the best.’ They grunted and chuckled, rising to their feet. The cabo watched him with an insolent smirk, and he looked away.
Always looking away. His cowardice sickened him more than what was done here.
The woman stopped in the centre of the crypt, gazing at the bodies. Many had their eyes open. All had their throats cut. The blood mingled with the dust to make a thick paste, and she closed her eyes again. He waited for her to break, to collapse in grief and hysteria. Yet she stood almost perfectly still, breathing deeply as his men circled her. 
The air was growing heavy.
‘You did this, señor?’ 
She opened her eyes to his – glimmering in the candlelights. Her words were warm and without fear, almost melodic. His men glanced at one another, then him. 
Not I – never I! 
‘Ha. No, señorita. My men have been fed, been watered, yet they have other needs, you understand?’
They laughed at his fellowship, and he despised himself. Her gaze was a weight in a sea of memory, drowning him. 
‘You did this.’
A moment – her eyes on him, his men staring at her; and his cabo drew the stiletto knife from his belt, cutting the simple rope belt at her waist and slicing the loose shift she wore from neck to thigh, tearing it with rough hands and casting it aside.
Another moment – surprise and heartless approval. One of his men whistled in appreciation – another tore the coif from her hair, letting it fall in black waves about her neck. 
Still she did nothing.
‘Pale fucking bitch, isn’t she?’ The cabo circled her, hungrily. One of his men put a hand on her breasts, mauling her, slapping her arse, another man joining him. ‘But strong, firm. Good sport, eh, hermanos?’
He was frozen, held by her eyes, and he swallowed and cleared his throat, trying to make time for himself. ‘Name yourself.’
‘Not yet.’
They looked at him and laughed, and he sought to turn their attention from her, though he knew it was futile – their blood was up. Nothing could save her. 
Certainly not he. ‘What is your position here?’ 
Pitiful. Nothing but that silent, unrelenting stare. 
‘I can think of some positions for her, señor.’ His cabo, again, and they all laughed, taking their cue from him.
He had tried, no-one could argue that, could they? He shook his head, freeing himself of her gaze and turning away, needing to be gone from there. ‘So be it. Your fate is out of my hands.’ And he heard their laughter and felt their desire, moving to the steps, seeking to be away, seeking the solitude of night.
‘Señor?’ 
He couldn’t watch, that was certain, but her voice, so unconcerned, demanded he turn. She was nothing but a doll, a delicate beauty, made more beautiful by what was about to happen. She took a step nearer, watching him as the pack circled. ‘This is an abuse of power.’
More hilarity, more shrieks and guffaws from his men, and his eyes flickered about, laughing with them and finding some composure. ‘But that is what power is for, señorita.’ Jesus, but he must get out of here! ‘And I decide whether power has been abused or not.’ He nodded once – an end to it.
She came nearer still. ‘Thank you for your assessment, but you misunderstand. This is an abuse of power.’ 
She was smiling, wider now, showing her teeth. 
Something wasn’t right. He took a step back, confusion giving way to fear.
Something was dreadfully wrong with her mouth.
His cabo made to grab her. 
Her hand was on his sabre, drawing the weapon from its scabbard and turning to spear it through the man’s chest. He sagged like a punctured wineskin, falling in the dust and gasping, bubbles of blood collecting about the foot of steel growing from his back.
A pause. Her eyes shone with fire – her teeth were long, bone-white fangs. Utterly impossible. She was no longer beautiful, she was something very different, and he backed away, held by a wall of stone as his men drew their swords, their faces now as white as hers. One made to jab at her, and she grabbed his arm, casting him into the wall with a crack of bone and blood, sending him to the floor. Another tried to chop at her and she took him into a spiral – a lovers embrace – putting the tip of the sword through the throats of two of his men, who clutched at their necks and joined the other in the dust, before snapping her unwitting consort’s neck and letting him fall.
One remained. He had his sabre up, backing away, his eyes widening in terror as she came near. She had her hands up, welcoming him. He shook his head as he swatted at her with his sword. She turned it aside, burying it in the wall, and drew him into her arms. 
He was still frozen against the wall, and she opened her mouth as she watched him. And those lustrous, needle-like teeth sank into the neck of his man – screaming and struggling, gasping as he convulsed in her arms, begging him to help as she fed on him. 
She was making him watch. 
He moaned and sighed, then shivered, all the while held in her remorseless embrace. She bled him, turning him whiter still. 
Limp, now – eyes open and sightless, his breast stilled to death – she let him fall, joining his brothers in the dust. 
She hadn’t taken her eyes off him as she killed his men, and he hadn’t drawn breath once. Now he gasped, trying to swallow the fear as she came towards him, smiling with seductive warmth. He could see the contours of her body, no longer a thing of beauty, moving in sinuous lines in the light of the candles, and at once she was before him. 
Lost in her gaze, he felt her push long, pale fingers up his chest, to his neck, pulling him near. Putting her cold lips to his, he was sickened by her touch, securing him with an appalling strength. Searching his mouth, her body was against his, undulating back and forth, constricting him against the stone wall. He moaned as her kiss deepened, feeling his breath stopped in the heat radiating from within – alive to every childhood terror, myth and superstition, and he felt himself falling as reality took the last of his wits.
Suddenly, it was over. Her eyes were on his, shimmering in the dark. 
‘You may rest now, señor.’ Her voice was as warm as her body was cold. He felt her fingers at his throat, finding the heartbeat. ‘I have a task at hand. Sleep, now.’
The words were poison. He would never wake if he did as she said, and he fought the blanket of tiredness that fell on him. But her fingers pushed hard against the pounding of his heart and he choked and gasped as she watched. 
His eyelids were like stone, impossible to lift, nodding. And she smiled, a wave of blackness rolling over him, feeling himself lowered, the floor beneath him, cold and firm, letting him rest. 
Joining his men . . .

The smell returned first. The iron smell of spilt blood and dust and a memory of eyes in the dark, an unwelcoming smile, watching as he faded. He ached all over. Trying to rise from the freezing floor found him with no strength. There was a pain in his neck and a weariness that made him want to just lay there – just lay there and forget.
But he was a soldier, a teniente of Spain. Regardless of what had passed, he would not simply lay in the dust, not while his men . . .
 His men. 
They were not his, they were never his. The thought made him shudder – the body of soldiers who followed when it suited and despised him for his weakness. Rolling onto his back brought more pain – a shower of needles that pricked his flesh and gnawed at him. He pushed himself onto all fours, shaking his head to clear the fog that dulled his mind and hissing at the sharpness in his neck, putting his hand there and rubbing. They were wet,  sticky, and he pulled away, finding blood on his fingers, and another fear began to grow.
‘Are you rested, señor?’
The voice was close, making him start, and he sat up – too quickly – gasping as he scrabbled away from her. She was watching as he pushed with his feet, stopped by the stone wall. Sitting atop a barrel, she had her legs crossed and her fingers entwined about her knee – still naked, still with black hair about her white face, only now her cheeks were rouged with colour, her lips blood-red. And still the same awful, knowing smile as she watched. 
The sick fear of her was like a weight, taking his breath as she stood before him. ‘Does my nakedness discomfort you, señor?’ She lifted her arms and twirled on one foot, stopping to wait for an answer. ‘Why do you recoil from me? Am I not pleasing to look on, as I was to your men?’
He managed to drag his eyes from her. They were alone, the crypt was empty – no sign of the women or his men. No bodies, no horror, just bloodstains, painted in splashes of red and brown over the walls and floor. ‘Where are my men?’ The words were hoarse, made small in the narrowness of the crypt. ‘What did you do with them?’
‘You did not answer my question.’ She held up a shift – one of the sister’s – torn and bloody. ‘Would you prefer me more modest?’
He nodded quickly, and she attired herself, gathering the cloth about her waist with a length of rope. 
‘There, now. We are civilised people once more, yes?’ She grinned, brilliantly white. He closed his eyes and shook his head. ‘Oh, but now you see how closely we ally with the beasts? Looking to make savagery with the smallest of apologies?’ 
‘Where are my men?’ 
The words crawled from him. She stood, holding out a hand for him to take and he looked at her delicate fingers, followed her pale, slender arm, touched with tones of blue, to her neck and face, and placed his hand in hers. Closing her fingers about his, he was drawn to his feet with an inevitable, spearing pain. 
He collected himself, breathing slowly as the pain softened, and she led him to the stairs out of the crypt – a mother guiding an errant child. 
Together, they left the church and stood at the river’s edge, watching the death of Mechelen. The fires still burned, but smaller now. The cries of fear and outrage, the breaking of windows and icons, were indistinct, fading into discord as the Spanish host took it’s due. 
‘This way.’ 
She pulled gently, and he was led to a little graveyard, scattered with headstones and monuments. The air smelt earthy and he became aware of two mounds of fresh-turned soil, separate from the rows of headstones, each as wide as he was tall. 
She released him, letting his hand fall. ‘Your men are to the left. The convent’s sisters lie to the right.’
Two mass graves, each holding six or seven bodies, and he gaped at her. ‘You did this?’
‘I did this.’
‘How? How is that possible?’
She smiled without looking at him. ‘You ask the wrong questions, señor. How is it that I am possible? – that should be your first question.’
He had his hands up, taking a step back. ‘What are you?’
‘They were gentle souls. I was allowed some companionship; it had been long in coming.’ 
Again, he found himself caught in her gaze, but there was no smile for him now. ‘“Shall thy loving kindness be declared in the grave? Or thy faithfulness in destruction?”’ She held up a hand and he could see there was another grave, a single hole dug between the two mounds of earth – enough for one alone. ‘Between your men and my sisters, señor. Where you should have been from the very beginning.’
He took another step back and she caught him, his hand bound in hers. He fought her, fought hard, and harder still, yet she held him fast, anchoring him in his shame. No matter how he shook and seethed and yanked at her, she would not release him, and his cries of fear and indignation faded into despair.
Spent, he stood before her – an officer, a man of chivalry and honour – and wept in his impotence. ‘Who are you?’
She put her head on one side and showed him her teeth, bright under the stars. ‘“The angel of the bottomless pit; whose name in Hebrew is Abaddon; in Greek, Apollyon; in Latin, Exterminans.”’
He was shaking his head, seeing something other than the beautiful and terrible creature before him, something far worse. 
‘No.’ He tried to free himself again, but it was no use – she would release him at her choosing and he was drawn to her, pulled close until their faces were inches apart. ‘No!’ He shook his head and closed his eyes, waiting for God knew what.
‘Hush, señor. All this talk of faith, this arguing over semantics – look at where it leads us.’ He opened his eyes, and her face was kindly again, just a smile on her lips, no sign of the sharp teeth that brushed her lips as she spoke. ‘Mechelen – put to the sword by fury of a distant king, driven by power and politics against those who quibble over fables. The scriptures are in error, señor – I am no demon, no angel of death,’ she placed a hand on his face, and he shrank from her. ‘The truth is far stranger.’
His bowels felt loose and he tried to breathe. Her hand fell away, releasing him. 
He swallowed and tried to breathe. After a moment, he straightened his jacket, brushing himself down, pretending at what little dignity was left to him. ‘What will you do?’
She said nothing. 
‘Are you going to kill me?’
‘Yes.’
The word was like a fist in his gut – a slither of cold that hissed down his back. 
He closed his eyes then blinked them open, breathing and sighing once, trying to avoid looking at the yawning grave before him. ‘I have family – this is inhuman.’
‘You will not taste the earth as it stops your mouth, señor. You will not see it as it falls on your eyes. You will not feel it as it weighs about you and holds you in its unyielding grasp.’
He gaped at her. ‘I am of noble blood—!’
‘That you are not, señor. I know of only four humours – four tastes of blood,’ she reached up and touched his neck, teasing more pain from him. A drop of blood sat on her fingertip and he rubbed at his neck while she licked the finger clean, shivering in pleasure. ‘Yours I find to be most common – nothing special.’    
‘How can you be this way? Why – how can you do this?’
‘A promise – to an old friend.
‘What friend? What do you mean?’
‘I mean, señor, to leave this world a little better than I found it.’
This was a mistake – this could not be happening. ‘How can that be? Look – look at my men – look at your sisters. They are nothing compared to me. I am an educated man. I have rank and status! I will lead men—’ 
He caught her glare. The words fell to nothing, his arms falling with his gaze, and he sat in the grass beside the grave and put his head in his hands. 
She stood beside him. Minutes passed and he shook his head. Smearing the last of his tears away with a sleeve, he stared at the handsome cloth of red and gold and laughed. Mechelen was dying before him, and his laughter died with it. He looked at the graves of the men he should have led and those he should have kept from harm. 
‘I should have done better.’
‘Yes.’
‘My rank is nothing. I have been nothing – nothing but a coward.’
‘That you have.’
He lifted his eyes and smiled without feeling. ‘You are very direct, señorita.’
‘Some fates are unavoidable.’
He turned to the grave, drawing him – drawing his gaze, and his eyes filled with blackness, though somehow the smile remained. Coming to his feet, he stood before her and straightened his jacket once more. 
Swallowing, he took a deep breath and nodded. ‘I am ready.’
For a long time, she stared at him. And then her pale features softened into a smile, holding a warmth she had not yet shown. Putting her face beside his, she whispered, ‘I believe you are.’
He felt her cold lips kiss him once on the cheek before pulling away. She watched him a moment longer and then pressed something into his hands – a wheellock pistol, his cabo’s – before turning to leave.
‘Wait!’
She stopped, only half-turning, and the night closed about her.
‘What – are you leaving? Leaving me?’
‘Your life is before you, señor. You have a choice, as did I.’
He was staring, staring at the pistol that shook in his hands, then at her. ‘I don’t understand?’
She smiled as she turned away, the warmth of her voice fading with her. ‘Leave the world a little better than you found it.’
He took a step forward but she was gone, lost to the darkness. Minutes passed and all he saw was night, all he heard were screams and the crackling of fires across the river.
‘Should have done better.’ 
He lifted his face to the sky. The first light of dawn smeared a distant horizon, and he lowered his eyes to the grave. For a long time, he gazed into the single abyss made only for him, and then sat and lowered his feet over the edge, staring at the pistol, weighing heavy in his lap – heavy in his hands.
In his hands.



 Author’s Note


Evelida (pronounced Ever-Leader in modern English, thank you to all those who asked) Grey’s home town of Alnwick is well worth a visit, should you get the chance. Boasting a fine Norman castle above the river Aln, the great fortress of Bamburgh (readers of Bernard Cornwell’s terrific Saxon Stories will know it as Bebbanburg, as Eve would have known it before being destroyed by Viking invaders – it was subsequently rebuilt by the Normans) lies a short distance to the north. Along with the holy island of Lindisfarne, lying off the coast and dominated by a medieval castle of its own, the far reaches of the kingdom of Northumbria are a rich source of battles, blood and adventure for those with an interest in early British history. I use the term ‘British’ (even though England itself had barely been unified under the spread of Christianity, the kingdom being unified with the rest of the country in 937) as the border wars with Scotland began a hundred years after the Norman conquest. It’s should come as no surprise that modern Northumberland contains more castles than any other English county. 
Despite the unwelcome attentions of her uncle, Evelida was lucky to retain her independence. In the time of her birth, sex was viewed as somewhat sinful by the church, fit only for procreation and therefore within the bounds of marriage. Many young women who were barely out of childhood were married off with the onset of puberty. Growing up on a farm with a measure of self-sufficiency, coupled with her mother’s strength of will, allowed Eve to develop a freedom of thought and headstrong resilience – certainly strong enough to endure the metamorphosis from human to vampire, though her life was never going to be easy in a time when the demonising of those who practised folk remedies, midwifery and occasionally venerated pagan gods, was encouraged by men who rose high in the new faith. A pale young woman with eyes that caught the light in a most peculiar manner, who kept to nocturnal habits and who was stronger in mind and body than anyone she met was always going to have problems settling in one place. Fortunately, Eve had a wise head on her shoulders from the start, and the curse of immortality is something she finds herself adapting to quickly, if not easily.

Quickly, however, is a relative term. When Pope Urban II called for the retaking of Jerusalem in the Holy Land, promising indulgences and an assurance of ‘your reward in heaven’, Eve, retaining a little of her superstitious upbringing, sees a possibility of redemption. In what would become uncomfortably familiar to a modern reader, death in a just war represented martyrdom – war was penance, as ruled by the increasingly intricate power-plays of the Church of Rome. The road to the Levant was long, hard and bloody, and Eve bore witness to atrocities against civilians and minority groups. Being a relatively young hundred and ten, these would become her formative years, still finding her way in the complexities of psychology and politics. For her, the First Crusade was a cruel but valuable lesson: ‘Nothing is wasted’ – experience is wisdom, and Evelida’s time in the Holy Land became a turning point in her long life.

One cannot turn away forever, though, and forty years later Evelida finds herself at the end of the world (from a medieval Englishwoman’s point of view). The monastery of ShaoShi is a proxy for the temple of Shaolin and borrows heavily on its architecture and design, from the Snow Pavilion to the Pagoda Forest. Shaolin, however, has always welcomed female practitioners alongside their male counterparts. By contrast, ShaoShi was made more conservative, an opportunity for Eve to overcome preconceptions and learn to make a place for herself in the world, and I apologise for any confusion. China’s history, particularly its long imperial period, is steeped in technological, cultural and social innovation and it seems natural that Eve would find some measure of acceptance within its borders – a twenty-year-long sigh of relief.

In a world made by men, though, an immortal woman who seems forever young cannot stay in one place for long. Eve’s presence in the Spanish-dominated Low Countries, just before the protestant revolt against Catholic Spain, was bound to result in bloodshed. The so-called ‘Spanish Fury’ was the result of an army heavily bolstered by mercenaries and lacking for money, fighting against a heretic foe. Scholars and historians see the three-day sacking of Mechelen and the cities that followed as an example of psychological warfare, as well as plunder for pay, as the following months saw the Duke of Alba’s task made all the easier. City after city surrendered without opposition under the approach of his army. 
Mechelen would remain loyal to Spain until eight years later when the English, supported by the rebellious Dutch Republic, returned to conquer and plunder the city. Five years after that Mechelen would find itself back in Spanish hands. 
By this time, Evelida Grey was long-gone.

It would be another two centuries before James Dalton, ‘Fleet’ Leary and Jacob Hooke were born, and another thirty or so years after that before Evelida Grey came into their lives. Their stories continue in Nocturne: Resurrection. 
Before that, Eve has two hundred years of death, terror and superstition to contend with – from the horrors of the Inquisition in Europe to the English Civil War, and the witch-hunters who followed in its wake. 
And somewhere in that time, she meets a fellow named Mal Curtis . . .



Praise for the Series



‘Truth be told, I’ve not been able to put it down!’


‘The author touches on the still relevant juxtaposition of humanity vs inhumanity and science vs religion with grace and eloquence. If you love vampire stories then this is a must read!’


‘I loved the author’s take on the origins of vampyrism and thought it really well thought-out and unique.’


‘A gripping read. Can’t wait for the next one.’


- Kindle Readers



Books In This Series



Nocturne Solus Vampire Chapters

Born in Anglo-Saxon England, Evelida Grey absorbs the essence of a race of long-dead blood-drinkers. Biologically immortal and with superhuman abilities, after centuries of grief and loss, the beautiful vampire engages those with eyes to see as she tries to understand her place in the world.


Nocturne: Resurrection

Through subterfuge and intrigue Eve places herself near the distinguished surgeon, James Dalton, finding herself drawn into the nightmare world of bodysnatchers and murderers keeping the anatomists of 1800’s London supplied with bodies. The Resurrection-Men are the true power in the London underworld and none may stand against them.

No one, however, would believe that the pale young woman with gleaming eyes is the most dangerous thing on London’s streets.
And as the number of dead begins to rise, so does her thirst.


Nocturne: Heretic

In the dark, gothic streets of Victorian London, a killer has come. A poor streetwalker is found brutally slain, the circumstances of her death bringing horror to the great city.

And a name is whispered, a curse to blight the streets of Whitechapel: Jack the Ripper.

As more deaths ensue, each more dreadful than the last, the world holds its breath as London’s Police race to find the killer. Through the dark, labyrinthine streets of Whitechapel, a detective, haunted by his past, wields law and outlaw both in his hunt for the villain.

And the beautiful young woman, a fleeting shadow at the edge of his pursuit, holds a deadly secret, her motivations unclear, and whose presence may yet lead to his destruction.

Evelida Grey, immortal vampire, has met her match . . . one she may not win.

