Copyright: G.A.Tinsley.
The author asserts his moral rights to this work.
No reproduction in any form without the express permission of the author.




Death never takes the wise by surprise, they are always ready to go
Jean de La Fontaine


There are vampires in nature

James Dalton







Nocturne

Resurrection




Prologue



Silent. Ancient. 
The relic passed between stars, falling through deserts of time and space.
Born of an artifice of minds long lost, it followed a path set in millennia by those who had birthed it. Faintly redundant intelligences, lit by the glow of latent fires, would rise to conduct its passage through unforeseen peril before diminishing into slumber. Time, as for all things, was against it. The resources that carried and shielded that which lay within neared the end of their life, worn down by entropy, and the signals that joined it with its kin – seven in total – had faded into the endless night. 
One by one, they had lost contact, no joyful beacon of hope to signify success. 
It was the last of it’s kind.
It’s mind, sophisticated before the meagre intellects that guided it through a dormancy aeons-old, perceived the loss of its kin with a sensation near disappointment. Responsibility had never been in doubt – failure had never been countenanced. 
Success was all. 
It felt the burden of its obligation as it smouldered into life, perception kindled by the conclusion of its task.
The yellow sun drew near. 
And the blue world that circled it.

On the distant world, the man fought against others of his kind. 
He fought to protect those he knew and cherished from those who would destroy and set their ways upon them. Courageous and kind, he was made of rare qualities in those times, and because of that he was loved and revered. 
When the years of fighting had driven the strangers from their shores, the struggle too much to bear, he set aside his weapons – the work of killing to survive – and turned to nurturing and pastoralism, seeding and growing to provide for himself and for others. 
His esteem was returned – he took a wife. Though he would often jest that she had taken him.

The relic fell through the great shell-cloud of ice mountains marking the limits of the yellow sun’s influence. 
Putting forth its fires, it made a deviation to meet the greatest of the sun’s consorts – transiting the vast body of storms and signals that threatened it’s purpose, even as it nurtured its inner fire. 
It’s purpose, however, could not be swayed, and it left the giant of storms behind to thread its way through the field of bodies that marked the realm’s interior.

On the blue world, they worked tirelessly to provide for one another. Their prosperity required discipline and diligence, rising early and retiring long after the yellow sun fell below the horizon. Their endeavours bore a deeper solidarity, adversity drawing them closer – devoting them to one another.
A daughter was born to them. 
She grew to adolescence, cherished by her parents, for no more children had come after, and she learned to be strong in body and mind, her mother and father astute in the reckoning of the time. She took to her duties with vigour, for she knew of no other way, but remained curious and inquisitive. As she grew towards womanhood, caution gave way to imagination and instinct. 
The man, her father, died when she was in her thirteenth year. 
Another man came. 
He was nothing like her father.

Years passed. 
It descended into the blue world’s path. Lateral intelligences were dismissed as the relic’s senses came fully alive, focusing it’s gaze on the jewel below. Strange airs rose in the atmosphere – settlements were perceived. Sapience dwelled here in abundance. 
It felt it’s success and brooded for the width of a heartbeat – a choice was made. 
Putting forth its fires it turned towards a northern landmass and began it’s fall.

‘Evelida.’
Elias, her uncle. His voice was thickened by drink – and something more, something she had endured since her father’s death – echoing from the walls of the farmhouse.
‘Evelida Grey, get you home, damn you!’
She was reluctant to turn for home with him being belligerent and overbold through ale, as he so often was. Since her bloom into womanhood he had kept his distance, though his manner, the way he leered at her when her mother’s attention was diverted, repulsed her. 
She hefted the pails onto her lithe shoulders and left the cattle shed, shutting in the herd for the night. The sun had set and the landscape over the coastal town was lit by fading twilight, candle and torch lights flecking the small community – a mirror to the stars emerging from the deepening night. The night held little fear for her – Danish and Norse raids were still heard of far to the south, yet here in the northern kingdom they were a memory – tales for tavern firesides, of barbarians driven from their shores by the rise of the Christian faith throughout the land. 
Pushing dark hair from a pale, tender face, she watched, letting the weight of the yoke decide for her before duty compelled her to return. Her mother would need help that the boy who stayed with them could not manage. 
She waited an hour or more. 
With a heavy heart she turned for the farmhouse.

Falling through the blanket of air surrounding the world, the relic absorbed energy from the superheated, iridescent gases burning over its skin, letting its protective shell melt. It’s surface exposed, it left a trail of fire across the skies – and pushed – slowing its descent, bringing control to its fall.
Regardless, it slammed into the ground with a shattering impact, a release of energy that it absorbed for its own needs.

She stopped and looked about. A distant sound, a growing whine that grew to a scream, filled her with sudden terror as the sky was slashed with fire and an explosion shuddered the shallow vale. A fireball struck the copse and broke the woodland – a blast of heat and light that sent her sprawling to the ground.
 
The relic sat in silence in the smoking crater of burnt earth and pulverised rock while its mind turned on itself. It had been well made – no damage had occurred in the fires of descent, but the hammer-blow of landing had corrupted it’s organic interior. There was less time than it had anticipated to prepare itself for release, and it allowed the nucleus to warm. 
To come alive.

Picking herself up from the grass, sodden with milk from fallen pails, she caught her breath. Her shift clung to her and made her shiver in the chill of night and the shock of the fireball. Her breast lifted in ragged gasps and thoughts of home and the ire the lost milk would provoke was forgotten, replaced by fear and wonder. Sparks and burning debris fell from the sky, sporadic fires burning in the trees that still stood.
Comets were sometimes known in the skies, and falling stars were occasionally seen as flashes of light that streaked across the heavens, stirring imaginations to superstitious mystery. Her skin was tingling as though touched by fire and she tasted blood in her mouth. The copse still stood, though many trees had been destroyed or blasted flat, while behind the cattle lowed plaintively in the milking shed. 
Beyond, the farmhouse remained dark and still. 
She turned back to the copse. The fires were small – burning out already, but a distinct glow from the centre of the impact made her curious. Little of note had happened around the town these past few years and curiosity made her incautious. 
She moved forward, hesitant, towards the centre of the copse.

After five thousand years in the interstellar night, the stuff of life – the essence of their being – was brought forth in a matrix of woven light and held prepared, the relic stirring itself and it’s invaluable ward. 
An agent of the dead.
Lost in the urgency of its errand, it failed to notice the approaching entity, picking its way through the shattered woodland.

She crept within the perimeter of the copse and considered. The elders of the town would no doubt wish to know of such a momentous occurrence – the priests would surely have ideas of fire from the heavens, as would the liege-lord.
Her mother would think her a lunatic to be so close to such peril.
She stood and flexed long fingers while gazing into the centre of the woodland, seeing the crater – as big as a barn – that had lifted earth and trees and stone to a rim of loamy soil, stinking of burnt ash and rock. Smoke hazed the crater with a light that faded from a white glare to a dull red. 
She was unwilling to present half a report of the strange incident, so she crept to the crater’s rim, pulling herself to the edge and laying silently in the still-warm earth. She peered into the crater’s heart – it was deep, as deep as she was tall – and in the centre was a stone sphere, half buried and as big as a tavern keg. Its surface seemed cracked – the red glow coming from fissures that scored its surface. The glow was subsiding, quickly now, as a blacksmith would quench hot iron, leaving the crater in darkness.
She was holding her breath and her mouth was dry. Trying to find some composure, she breathed slowly. For a long time she lay upon the cooling rim of the crater, watching the object while the fires burned out. 
The woodland was silent.
There was nothing more to be seen. She would return to the farmhouse to sleep till morning and report the incident to the venerables of the town. Doubtless she would have to endure his ire for the lost milk.
She made to stand.
The crust gave way beneath her. With a cry of alarm she fell, sliding through shattered earth into the crater.

Surprise filled the relic’s mind. The approach of the entity had not been noted, but surprise was replaced by satisfaction as it saw the newcomer was alone. 
It turned its gaze on her. Her nature became strikingly apparent – her symmetry mirrored that of the relic’s creators, superficially so very similar that its mind felt the briefest shadow of excitement. At the end of its five millennia-long journey it’s creators – those that had given it life – had chosen well. 
The matrix of light would fail within moments, and the last spark of a dead civilisation would be lost forever. It made itself warmer, glowing brighter and amplifying the helical structure of the interior, making complex patterns of light appear swirling on its surface. 
In response, the entity’s scrutiny became less fearful, more curious. It heard it’s breathing and felt it’s heartbeat – tasting the chemistry of fear – overwhelmed by longing curiosity. 
The entity drew near.

There was a noise like a dozen eggs cracking as the surface sloughed away, leaving a perfect orb. Glowing with warmth, the surface seemed alive with milky, filamentous shapes moving over its face. 
Or perhaps within. 
She stared in fascination as it lit the crater and the trees with an ethereal light. Taking a step closer, the light grew brighter. 
A strange compulsion grew as she drew near, and she extended her hand to the orb. The helical filaments moving over the surface flocked under her palm – quicker now, more urgent.
There was no reason to linger. She was breathing fast as the air became close. 
 This was madness.
She placed her hand on the surface of the orb.

It felt her warmth as she touched it – a cascade of knowledge pouring into its mind, split into a prism of intricacy. The evolution of the entity – untainted by illness or injury. And an overwhelming longing for experiences lost, for understanding. 
It felt her heartbeat, saw the blood flowing through her. 
Blood. She was steeped in it. 
She would know more.
And something else – a flaw. The chemistry would not be borne.
A revision was made, an adjustment within the chemistry that had allowed for just such a question. 
Senescence was curtailed.
She would persist.

The surface rippled like water under her palm, the ripples undulating to the top of the orb where they flattened, drawing down the surface, becoming a single hemisphere. Pulling her hand away she could see the orb was hollow, the light coming from within. The filaments moved quicker, racing to the centre of the orb and swirling into a single point of light where she couldn’t see.
She took a step forward, then another. She peered into the orb.
And looked.

It did not hesitate. 
In the thousands of years between the stars – survival, where it’s contemporaries had failed – and now this moment of accomplishment, of success beyond measure. 
In the little time it had left, the relic wove the material of life into a matrix suitable for her form, fixed the nutrient mass to follow and focused the last of its will upon her.
She was looking now, gazing deep into the interior of the orb as it began the process that would terminate it’s existence, gazing in wonder at the singularity of light and life in the centre of the vessel.
In the final moment of its existence, the orb gazed back.



Chapter 1



The Borough of Southwark in the City of London, 1802

St Thomas’ hospital rose before the south bank of the River Thames, a red-brick edifice built alongside the wharves of St Saviour’s Dock, whose august walls were passed daily by throngs of folk making their way from London Bridge into the south of the city. 
Students of medicine, doctors and professors of anthropology moved with purpose over the gravel courtyard that separated the hospital’s wings. The newly built anatomy theatre was the latest addition to the school of medicine, and an expectant crowd of fortunate students and dignitaries made to enter, drawn by a promise of knowledge and expertise by one of their own. 
Mr. James Dalton, surgeon and anatomist, was about to perform his first public dissection. A grim but nevertheless educational lesson was imminent. 
Fittingly, the skies over London grew dark. 
And a figure that did not belong, whose presence should have been impossible, threaded its way through the crowds towards the anatomy theatre.

‘James? Are you set?’ 
Stephen Bachelor’s easy baritone resonated outside the laboratory of St Thomas’ anatomy theatre. Leaning through a doorway lit by oil lamps, his white hair and generous sideburns framed a bespectacled face, lined by years. ‘The theatre is chock-full, my boy. Talk of your dissection has caught the imagination – Oh,’
Bachelor halted at the sight of his friend and former student, bent double over a porcelain sink – white as his pallid skin – shuddering as his stomach voided itself.
Sighing, the venerable physician waited for the moment to pass, speaking quietly to himself and knowing the younger man would hear. ‘James Dalton, fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons – incisive, brilliant – and volatile as a schoolboy when it comes to public speaking.’ Bachelor regarded his arthritic hands. Years of surgery had been foreshortened by rheumatism and poor eyesight, yet he had found an unexpected vigour since becoming senior lecturer of the anatomy school. Recognising James Dalton’s potential had supported his advancement, becoming Bachelor’s deputy before the age of thirty – remarkable for a man of his years. 
If only the fellow could master his nerve before society’s inevitable grasp. ‘It helps if you imagine them naked, old boy.’ 
Turning on a squealing tap, Dalton swilled his mouth with water and rubbed it into his face. Bachelor picked up a scalpel, polished to a mirror shine, and admired its precision. ‘Or as a troop of apes, curious and uncomprehending, fascinated by the wonders you would perform.’ Dalton looked up and pushed unruly hair from glassy eyes over a youthful jaw, bare of the fashionably long sideburns favoured by those of his station, and regarded his former mentor with a weak smile. ‘They’re all there, James – students of medicine, the principal from the Royal College. Even the dean has made an appearance.’
Dalton closed his eyes and turned to a bottle of amber liquid. ‘Give me a minute.’ 
Bachelor raised an eyebrow as Dalton poured himself a measure of scotch, knocking it back and shuddering. ‘Another one, old boy?‘
 His colour returned, Dalton buttoned his shirt to the collar and pulled a linen apron over his head, tying it about the waist. ‘One would suffice, Sir Stephen. I have a reputation as a sober man to keep.’ 
Bachelor grinned. ‘That’s the spirit. But this,’ he lifted the hem of his Dalton’s apron. ‘This is far too bright for a man of your experience. Utterly pristine. You look like a student yourself, rather than a senior lecturer.’ He let the hem fall. ‘I could find you one from a surgical fellow? A little blood would give you some extra authority.’ 
‘I keep it clean out of respect for our patient, for in death he has given us a generous gift. And if that doesn’t sound too pompous,’ he dusted his hands with a ball of chalk, ‘I don’t really feel the need to impress.’ 
‘Well said, my young friend. Your modesty will undermine us all.’ Taking his elbow, he walked him to the door of the anatomy theatre. ‘And as I understand it, Charles Benson is assisting you, so you see, you really have no cause for disquiet.’ 
A hubbub of excited voices was audible through the doorway, and Dalton pushed open the door a crack, anticipation assailing him as he caught sight of young men arrayed in the theatre’s galleries, eager for his presence. He swallowed as he felt Bachelor’s hand on his shoulder. ‘Besides, you have Lady Grace’s social to look forward to. Need to give a good account of yourself, after all,’ his smile became wolfish, ‘the lovely Miss Martindale will be there.’ 
Dalton closed his eyes and groaned. He was thirty years old – his work was his life and passion – and yet still he felt he was only starting out on a long and fruitful journey in medicine. Though now he found himself a worthy bachelor, the keen interest of many eligible society ladies and their ambitious mothers who lurked in their shadow. 
It was an especially onerous consequence of his station. 
 ‘She really is rather keen on you, dear fellow.’
‘Isn’t she though?’ said Dalton.
Holding his gaze a moment the older man let his hand fall. ‘Well then, your audience awaits. Shall we?’ Dalton blinked and took a deep breath, blowing out his cheeks and nodding. ‘Good man.’ Bachelor pushed his spectacles to the bridge of his nose and held the door for him. 
Bathed in the light oil-lamps, Dalton heard the hubbub fade to an expectant hush, and he stepped into his arena.

‘Quite the privilege, eh? To see the renowned Mr. Dalton ply his trade?’ 
The first-year’s thin voice was high with enthusiasm as he took a seat in the theatre’s upper gallery. Speaking to the figure beside him with the curiously pale face, half hidden by hat and collar, he found sharp eyes on him. 
There was a depth of memory in that gaze, in the searing blue of its eyes, that had the young fellow’s mouth going dry and abandoning further attempts at conversation. 
Instead, he shuffled aside, keeping his eyes on the unfolding drama below, trying to forget the strange figure beside him.

‘Gentlemen, esteemed colleagues, welcome to the anatomical theatre of St Thomas’.’ Dalton avoided the myriad eyes as he cast his gaze over the galleries, the room already stuffy from the crowd and oil lamps. He consoled himself that he had the advantage of a linen shirt instead of the high collared jackets most of the young men favoured, leaning over the gallery rails to view his work. 
That said, his breathing felt awfully tight in the theatre’s rising heat.
‘This evening I will be performing a dissective examination on a poor sailor who came to a colleague of mine complaining of abdominal discomfort and flux.’ He raised a hand to the table behind, mounted with the body of a sallow-skinned man with sunken facial-features and a bloated abdomen. The head was supported by a wooden block, hair tied up, elevating his head to prevent the jaw falling open. ‘The gentleman did not respond to treatment and unfortunately his condition rapidly deteriorated.’ 
He swallowed, not just against the stink of old wood and carbolic.
A darkness rose in his sight, the audience receding with it.
‘I have a working hypothesis of what may have been the cause of his unlucky demise – symptoms of anaemia being present and the indulging of haematophagy.’ There was a subdued muttering from the observers at the unfamiliar term.
‘The drinking of blood.’ 
A hush followed as he continued. ‘And I believe the root of his demise may be related to my own field – the study of endozoology,’ raising his hands, he brought them before his chest in a symbol of innate life. ‘Human parasitism.’
The mumbling became excited. An older figure, shorter and with white hair, stepped into the light, his stained apron in stark contrast to Dalton’s, and he placed a hand on the man’s shoulder. ‘Mr. Charles Benson, a dear friend and former assistant to none other than our own Sir Stephen Bachelor, will assist. There cannot be a man here who has not discovered more of the workings of the human body than he.’
Bachelor, sat in the front-row with the dean of the faculty to his right, accepted the tribute with a nod, a polite applause and rumbling from the upper galleries as medical students stamped their feet. Enoch Shelby, dean of the faculty and as tall and gaunt as a cadaver himself, bent to Bachelor’s ear. ‘Good of him to credit you, Stephen. I thought he was nervous of public speaking? He seems to be acquitting himself well, your protege.’
‘It’s all for show. See how his shirt clings to his back?’ Bachelor nodded at Dalton as Benson moved a cabinet nearer. As he scattered sand beneath the dissection table, Dalton’s shirt could be seen clinging to him.
‘Will he be all right? I know his reputation proceeds him but this is his first public demonstration.’
Bachelor sat back as the applause died down. ‘Just watch.’
A scalpel was taken from the cabinet. ‘I would ask you to keep the noise to a minimum, gentlemen, but if you have questions by all means raise a hand,’ said Dalton. Lamplight caught the blade, and he gazed at it, twisting it delicately, seeing his eyes in the polished steel. 
For the briefest moment the audience was lost to him. 
A cough from Benson caught his attention. Dalton shivered away the feeling. ‘Ready?’ Benson nodded, taking his place at his side. ‘Then let us begin.’ 
Leaning across the cadaver, he pushed the blade into its throat. There was a gasp from the top tier as a first-year retched and mumbled an apology. Shelby glared at the miscreant. Bachelor closed his eyes and shook his head. 
A hush descended over the theatre as Dalton drew the knife through the flesh of the corpse, and the audience’s attention fixed on the unfolding drama. 
Dalton didn’t notice. He talked as he worked but it was not for the audience’s benefit – they faded from his mind and his previous jitters faded with them. 
With uncanny skill, Dalton exposed the dead.

‘Here, a rum for a rum cove, aye?’
Rowley eyed the squat, muscular fellow before him, respect tinged with fear as he accepted the glass. Dyer was smiling amiably enough as he held his own glass up in salute – a gentleman’s toast from a man who moved within London’s most notorious circles. ‘Generous of you, sir.’
Dyer’s grin became wider, knocking back the spirit and pouring himself another. ‘Dyer will be fine, young Rowley – I don’t stand on ceremony, particularly in a flea-pit such as this.’
The tavern-keep shot him a vicious eye from the safety of a bar set atop barrels bound in rusted iron, and returned to his work under Dyer’s smirk. A man could afford to be cordial, thought Rowley, with a reputation like Dyer’s. The man’s grin became earnest as he filled their glasses, and the younger man felt easier. ‘Tell me, sir – Mr. Dyer, is it right that you work close in heed with the man himself?’
Dyer cast his gaze about the taproom and stared through smoke at the other drinkers, none of whom would meet his eye. ‘The man himself – that would suggest a certain rank, young Rowley,’ he stared through the bottom of the glass, eye grotesquely swollen. ‘Aye, I know one or two fellows of stature. To whom do you refer?’
Rowley gulped his rum. ‘The chief of the Crucible, sir – Jacob Hooke.’
The air in the tavern became suddenly close, the hubbub fading as one or two men – hard men, watermen and wharf-hands – stared over their tankards. Dyer matched their gazes, turning away their interest as he raised the empty bottle. ‘McGregor! Another bottle of your finest rot-gut for me and my young friend.’ Upending the glass, he snuffed out the candle. ‘That name is not spoken of idly, particularly in the heart of Jacob’s Island, my friend.’
‘The island is named for him?’
McGregor’s presence stifled the conversation as the sullen tavern-keep dropped a bottle between the two men, speaking in a broad Glaswegian. ‘You forgetting the laws of this place, Dyer?’
‘You forgetting yourself, McGregor?’
The moment persisted, until the taverner pulled the cork on the bottle and poured measures them both. ‘Decent of you, McGregor. Try not to worry,’ Dyer lifted his glass. ‘The lad just needs a little instruction on etiquette.’
McGregor shot him a glance before making himself scarce. Dyer finished his glass and nodded for the younger man to do the same, bending forward to listen. ‘The island is moated by the Devil’s Neckcloth – the Neckinger river that borders the rookery and spills its guts into the Thames.’ He poured more rum as Rowley watched him through eyes fast becoming glassy. ‘Its name comes after Jacobus, one of the Benedictines that slung his hook hereabouts years past. Mr. Hooke’s presence is just a happy coincidence.’
‘You do know him, then?’
‘Aye, that I do.’
Rowley was watching for signs of guile, though Dyer held too much respect to cut shams for the sake of it, and he raised his glass in salute.
‘How long have you worked for the Crucible, Rowley?’
He was pouring another measure, though his hands weren’t quite steady, a puddle of spirit collecting about the candle. ‘Must be, four – five months, now.’
‘You like the work?’
‘Money’s good. Work’s easy. Aye, sir – I like it.’
Dyer leaned close. ‘You have no qualms about the Resurrection Men?’
Rowley took a moment. The Resurrection Men took bodies, fresh-laid in the earth, and passed them on to rich-stinking physicians at the anatomy schools and hospitals of West London for money – an ironic name for those who would deny the dead the Christian resurrection under their blades. ‘The work is grim, sure, yet it pays well.’
‘That it does. The call for fresh corpses grows by the day.’ Rowley finished his drink and gasped as Dyer went on. ‘Your wife has no aversion to the work?’
‘She thinks me apprenticed to a church-warden and gravedigger,’ his shoulders heaved as he chuckled. ‘I suppose there is some truth in that. There’s no cause for her to know more – she is of the Methodist faith and would be sore displeased. That, and she is heavy with child – the money is welcome.’
Dyer cast a glance over his shoulder. ‘And if there were a path to more? A path that one would wish to keep silent?’ The neck of the bottle hovered over his glass as he placed a hand over it. 
Rowley sat the bottle down. ‘Coin for no labour? You are indeed a gentleman, Mr. Dyer.’
‘I have an eye for talent, young Rowley, and proof of my good faith hereabouts, if you would care to partake of it?’
‘Money?’
‘Plenty of it.’
Rowley’s grin was bright in the candlelight. ‘You’re a grand man, Mr. Dyer. Lead on.’
Dyer’s smile faltered, before standing and draining his glass. Rowley accepted a hand from him as he turned to the bar. ‘A moment in the back, McGregor. Not a word – not a man to cross the threshold.’ Dyer winked at the Scot as they made their way through a pine door.
McGregor’s face was grimmer than ever, pouring himself a measure of scotch. 
‘Christ have mercy.’

They followed Dalton’s movements as he worked. ‘You would not know he were so afflicted, eh?’ said Bachelor.
Shelby watched, fascinated by the man’s skill as the corpse was opened from chest to gut. ‘Indeed not. And his subject? You are sure of the lawfulness regarding his investigation?’
‘Without a shadow of doubt,’ said Bachelor. ‘He was referred by the man’s mess-mate. Why do you ask?’
‘You know why.’
‘The Resurrection Men?’
Shelby nodded, keeping his eyes on the examination. ‘Their bloody activities have increased twofold since winter’s end. I have reports from other anatomy schools regarding strange arrivals.’
Bachelor’s nodded towards his protege. ‘Young Dalton has come to me with suspicions of his own. We should speak more on this.’
‘You have a question from your audience, sir.’ Benson spoke under his breath and Dalton grunted his acknowledgment while his shoulders flexed, working bloodstained hands. Benson nodded at the young fellow with his hand raised. ‘Mr. Dalton, sir. You said that you believed your patient had succumbed to some form of parasite. Could you explain?’ 
Dalton spoke without looking up. ‘My suspicions were raised when I was informed the fellow had returned from torrid climes and showing signs of anaemia. My colleague, who the poor chap had presented himself to, prescribed a diet rich in red meat and bed-rest, which seemed to slow his condition. Unfortunately our friend here did not speak good English and found it difficult to report his symptoms. A crew-mate reported his discomfort and flux, and was horrified to find he had taken to keeping the blood of animals, slaughtered for cooking.’ 
There was a murmuring from the galleries as he continued to work. ‘Not two mornings ago, the poor fellow succumbed to his condition, found abed by his sorrowful companion and devoid of life.’ 
Catching sight of the clock over the door, he realised he had been working for over half an hour. Benson passed him a glass of water which he eagerly accepted, leaving bloody fingerprints on the glass as he drank. ‘It would be natural to assume his want of blood to be the result of a loss of his own, but I have a feeling that going barefoot in hot countries had left the fellow exposed to an insidious invader.’ 
His voice became distant. ‘If only he had come to me sooner . . .’ 
There was silence in the theatre as they waited. Benson coughed politely and Dalton’s eyes flickered back to his assistant, urging him on. ‘Gentlemen, I believe what you see here is the result of a gross infection of hookworm.’ 
Murmuring returned as Dalton nodded to Benson as they retracted the torso, separating the viscera within. A gasp accompanied by excited chattering filled the auditorium as the corpse was opened.
‘Quiet, gentlemen! Mr. Dalton deserves your attention.’ The dean had spoken, his voice commanding obedience. Dalton nodded and lifted a magnifying glass from the instrument tray, letting the assembly see the hidden structures of the body. 
Bachelor spoke under his breath. ‘You feel the activities of the Resurrection Men are growing – that we should unite in pursuit of them?’
‘They dishonour us all with their loathsome enterprise.’
‘And yet, the anatomy schools depend on a delivery of corpses.’
‘We should not compound ourselves by adding to man’s afflictions. The resurrectionists take anyone for coin, devoid of life or not.’
Bachelor sighed and shook his head. ‘You are quite right. I will petition the parliamentarian, Hyde White, before the House tomorrow.’
‘That self-regarding snake? He thinks of nothing but himself,’ Shelby hissed, and one or two students’ gazes turned to him, a gesture from Bachelor softening his words. ‘You would be better entreating to his opponent, Samuel Derleth. He at least makes a show of serving his fellow man, though I feel the resurrectionists have become absorbed by a more sinister organisation.’
‘You cannot mean—?’
Shelby nodded. ‘The Crucible.’
Bachelor’s face was written with disbelief. ‘A disparate band of thieves and cut-throats united under one man is unthinkable. Jacob Hooke, a mere seaman before escaping the hangman’s noose – how might such a fellow bring order to a band of aimless rogues? The notion is absurd.’
‘I hear talk of a guiding hand.’ 
Bachelor looked up sharply as the dean continued. ‘You yourself have been mentor to the best our noble institution has to offer. Is it so strange that the same might be said of the criminal classes, driven to desperation and want of a better life?’ 
The suspicion took hold – London’s underclass of felons and cut-throats, organised under the shadow of one of their own. 
‘Something to think about when your morticians take their next delivery.’ 
Bachelor watched with a suspicious eye as James Dalton laid open the body before him.

The snug was empty of drinkers, a few rough tables and chairs under a low roof – stained with tobacco smoke and lit by a single oil lamp. Dyer took a key from his waistcoat and opened an oak door to a flight of stone steps, smiling for the younger man to pass through. A cool air rose with the stink of the river – and something else, covered by the river smell, but still apparent. Despite his fuddled wits, Rowley hesitated, staggering from the smell rising from the cellar.
‘Easy, there, fellow.’ Dyer caught his arm. ‘This is for you alone – only a select few do I allow here.’
 Rowley grinned stupidly, taking the steps down. A tallow candle, fitted to an iron bracket, added it’s stink to the air. Kegs and barrels were stowed in a corner, and a solitary chest stood in the centre. ‘Only the most deserving come here, young Rowley, only those who have earned the right.’ Dyer’s gaze was bright. ‘I can trust you with this, can I not?’
‘That you can, Mr. Dyer. I too, carry my own secrets from the Crucible’s rank and file. You and I are of a similar mind – we can do better than those we stand with, fools and followers, in thrall to the one who lords us like a king,’ he straightened somewhat awkwardly. ‘We make our own fortunes.’
Dyer’s face was a predatory grin. ‘I knew you would not disappoint,’ his gaze came to the chest – bound with iron – and nodded. ‘Here, then. All yours – everything you’ve earned lies within.’
Rowley’s grin filled with greed as he knelt before the chest. Pulling the hasp, the hinge gave with a squeal of metal as it cleared the hoop, taking the heavy lid and throwing it open.
His smirk faded as quickly as it had come. 
‘What is this?’ The chest was full of water, held by oilskins – a foetid skein on its surface.
‘This, then, is your reward.’
The voice was soft in the near dark, a spill lifted from the lantern’s flame, brought to a wider darkness. A huge shadow moved from the corner of the cellar and drew on a cigar. The face that stared from the glow was impassive – thickly bearded and mounted by the low crown of a black-felt hat – but for the watery blue eyes staring out.
Rowley swallowed, his mouth suddenly dry. ‘Mr. Hooke, sir.’
The door slammed behind, making him start and fall as a second shadow came forth. 
He was probably tall, but lank and bent – a spider, crouched and ready to strike, twitching and shuddering. The face leered beneath a tweed cap, and his mouth was broken on one side. Dyer leaned against the wall under the smoking candle, arms folded and watching the younger man with a smile that no longer held any cheer.
‘What is this about?’ Rowley tried to shuffle to his feet, knowing what the water meant. Hooke stepped from the shadows and he quailed. ‘I don’t understand, sir – have I given offence?’
The gang-chief’s gaze filled with a bloody light as he drew on the cigar. ‘Your crime is trespassing against those who preserve you, Mr. Rowley.’
‘No, sir, that is not true. I have not, nor would I—’
‘Dyer?’
‘Morgan finds himself out of pocket by two guineas for every body resurrected to the anatomists.’
Rowley’s eyes were wide. ‘No! That is a lie, sir. I have no need. Mr. Morgan takes from you. Why should I—?’
‘Your woman is with child, yes?’
He licked his lips. ‘My wife, sir, yes – her time is due.’
‘Then you have need. The ambition you spoke of to Mr. Dyer becomes apparent.’
Rowley’s eyes were everywhere. ‘Mr. Hooke, sir – it were just a couple of guineas. My lass’s family live far from the Island and we have no means to lessen the demands of her progress. Please—’
Hooke knelt before him. ‘We come to the Crucible to escape oppression, Rowley, not bring more. If you had come to me or Mr. Dyer, well then, I daresay funds might have been made to a loyal man.’
Rowley’s eyes closed in a pallid face. ‘I am sorry.’
‘As it is, your woman’s burdens have already been eased.’ Rowley’s eyes came alive with hope. ‘Both Mr. Dyer and Mr. Brande have seen she has enough money to start afresh and in another parish.’
‘Afresh?’
Hooke drew heavily on the cigar before casting it aside. ‘An example must be made, and a recompense for our losses.’ 
Rowley swallowed. ‘An example?’
‘You will go to the anatomists.’
Rowley’s eyes filled with terror. ‘Please. Mr. Hooke – I will make any repayment to the satisfaction of your kind self. I beg you, please do not do this.’
‘You had no qualms before, Rowley. The money will compensate your thievery and ensure none might follow you.’
‘Please— please. It is not Christian – there will be no resurrection for me if I am taken under their blades.’
Hooke’s hand came to his shoulder, making him start. ‘Take comfort in the knowledge your sacrifice will advance the physician’s art, easing the sufferings of those more worthy.’
Rowley’s eyes overflowed with tears. 
‘I—’
Hooke grabbed him and thrust his head into the foul water that slopped from the chest, his hands and feet scrabbling in the cellar’s dust. Dyer and his disfigured ally watched from the shadows, a shake of the head from one, a hissing sibilance from the ruined mouth of the other as their chief meted out murder. Hooke’s shoulders bunched under the strain as the drowning man fought and mauled air and wood and stone, tearing off his fingernails while he was held beneath the suffocating waters.
The movements weakened, becoming fitful as the water calmed above his head, no rise of bubbles to be seen. Taking his hands away, Hooke stood and sucked air through his teeth, straightening the brim of felt that shadowed his eyes.
Dyer had already lit a cigar from a spill, passing it to his chief. ‘You still want his woman cared for?’
Hooke drew on the cigar, calming under the tobacco. ‘That is my wish. I would have it known that I am a man of my word.’
‘And Rowley – to the anatomists as you said?’
‘As I said.’
Brande revealed a stained and stinking canvas, casting it beside Rowley’s body. Hooke was already taking the stone steps to the tavern, a final word over his shoulder. ‘Waste nothing, gentlemen – teeth for the dentists.’ Dyer pulled a pair of rusting pincers from his belt, and his chief nodded. ‘Be quick. I would have our noble advocate’s regard – arrange a meeting.’
The door slammed, an echo fading in the darkness as Brande raised his remaining eyebrow. ‘Our noble advocate?’
Dyer smirked in the candlelight.
‘In-Inferus.’

Dalton inserted the tip of the scalpel into the stomach, stepping back with the hiss of gas, his forearm across his face as the foul odours dispersed. Benson hadn’t moved, holding his breath, his glasses saving his eyes from the worst of the fume. ‘My apologies, gentlemen; the build up of foul airs after death is an occupational hazard one rarely becomes accustomed to.’ Benson raised an eyebrow and Dalton acknowledged him with a nod. ‘Unless you happen to be the wiser and more experienced Charles Benson.’ 
An outbreak of laughter followed. ‘Treasure your assistants and leave your egos at the door, gentlemen, they will make your task all the more easy.’
‘Hear, hear.’ Shelby muttered as Benson nodded gratefully, Dalton turning his attention to the reduced stomach. 
‘So, let us see what secrets our friend will give up.’ Dalton scooped up the magnifying glass, passing the lens in front of the opened stomach. ‘This is blood, mixed with soil,’ scraping away a dull paste with his fingertips, he held it up for his audience. ‘One wonders at the straits our patient found himself in to indulge in such a diet.’ 
Again, Dalton’s eyes came to the scalpel’s edge, a tremor abating as he watched blood fall from the blade, lifting his gaze.
From the upper tier he found a singular gaze among the darkness, watching him with utter consideration. 
‘Naturally, there is blood-drinking in nature – one only has to imagine leeches, biting insects and other vampiric creatures, but for man there is little benefit to be found in drinking blood.’ Closing his eyes, he breathed deeply, shaking off the strange attention before continuing. ‘So with that in mind, let us turn to the cause of our patient’s demise and peculiar behaviour preceding it.’ 
The theatre became quiet, punctuated by the ticking of the clock. Dalton turned the glass back and forth. ‘As I stated, gentlemen, I believe this fellow’s life was cut short by a gross infection of hookworm.’ Raising the glass he watched the audience with a magnified eye. ‘You do not, however, have my vantage point.’ More laughter followed. Bachelor shook his head. 
‘I have had my diagnosis confirmed from the moment we exposed our friend. Look here—’ Dalton passed the lens over the tortuous intestine.
They stayed silent as they craned forward, then, as he passed the glass over the cadaver, gasps and words were exchanged. Clinging to the walls of the gut were tiny, threadlike creatures, teeming on one another, a mass of coils and spirals that left no-one in doubt as to his death. The man had been drained of blood.
The excitement spread through the audience, discourse passing back and forth. Somewhere at the back of the theatre someone started clapping – slowly at first, the conversation fading with the growing applause. Still more joined the accolade, until the students were on their feet, the theatre alive with cheering. Dalton lowered the glass, silenced by their hurrahs!
Benson joined him and placed a hand on his shoulder. ‘Well done, sir.’ 
Bachelor’s face wore a satisfied smile as the applause spread through the galleries, and turned to Shelby, returning his look with a raised eyebrow. 
Dalton let them continue before raising his hands. ‘Gentlemen,’ 
They were having none of it and the ovation continued. 
‘Gentlemen, please!’ His humility calmed the audience and the theatre became quiet. ‘I feel I owe you an apology.’ 
A quiet mumbling greeted his words. 
‘For though I have stressed the value of your patient’s history, I must admit to knowing well beforehand the cause of our friend’s demise.’
Muttering followed. Bachelor frowned – this was an unexpected turn.
‘After speaking with the poor fellow’s landlord, I obtained a sample of the fellow’s – leavings, finding them overwhelmed with hookworm larvae.’ Dalton faced the gaping crowd with his final instruction. ‘Never forget the benefits of science on modern medicine,’ he raised his hands, crusted with blood. ‘And never be afraid to get your hands dirty.’
The atmosphere of the theatre became heavy. Dalton stood with his bloody hands raised, the posture more and more a gesture of supplication. Bachelor tried to guess the mood of the crowd.
The applause returned twofold, mingled with cheering, the younger students stamping their feet in appreciation of Dalton’s wit – who lowered his hands, even as Bachelor and the dean came to their feet, clapping in turn as the accolade became a roar of appreciation. 
Bachelor placed a hand on his former student’s shoulder, raising his voice over the din. ‘Very well done. You had me wondering once or twice at your tricks, eh? But I believe they gave your demonstration a certain character, endearing you to the mob.’
He swept his cane to the galleries. The ovation was fading to a genial hubbub as the members stood and began to file out – there was much to discuss over food and drink. Benson was being congratulated by the dean, vigorously shaking his hand and oblivious to the blood staining his palm. ‘You’ll take a glass of port with us before you retire?’ 
‘Thank you, Sir Stephen. Scotch would be better; but first you must allow us to finish. Our first duty is towards our patient, though he be devoid of life, just as you instructed me, yes?’ 
‘Well I never. We’ll make a physician of you yet, James.’
Dalton breathed easily. Benson had managed to escape the dean, the theatre almost empty; the last of the audience filing from the exits, voices still eager. 
Dalton stood before the cadaver, eyes on the stilled, ashen face.
Benson returned with a length of muslin, pausing until Dalton noticed him and nodded. Taking hold of the cloth, they shrouded the cadaver, remaining in shape only. ‘To the mortuary, sir?’ 
Dalton nodded. ‘He has earned his rest, wouldn’t you say?’ 
‘He has indeed.’ With a grunt they lifted the table from its mount, and between them, moved the dead man to the mortuary beyond.

In the upper gallery, a solitary figure remained. 
Blue eyes shimmered in the lamplight as they followed the young surgeon, watching as he made his way from the theatre. The figure stayed a moment – an unnatural stillness mimicking the dead, so recently lain before it. 
Discarding the hat, she let long, black tresses fall about a pale and tender face. Coming to her feet, she left the anatomy theatre, and the affairs of men, before losing herself to the night.



Chapter 2



From afar, she watched their movements. She would find her way in, as she had done so many times before, through his closest, and through those who would be closer still. 
The great city, built on treachery and murder, made rich pickings. Away from it, she found one who sought to bury her grief in the nurturing of others.
She would suffice.

A bleak sun shone through a sky drawn with cloud, greeting the carriage arriving at Grace Kendal’s Surrey estate. A gravel drive crunched under horseshoes and carriage-wheels as the vehicle drew to a halt – attended on by footmen as the passengers alighted. A slim gentleman in tail-coat and cravat lifted a handkerchief from a breast pocket and regarded the grounds of the estate with distaste, sniffing into the cloth before stuffing it back into his jacket. His companion, taller and in finer attire, stepped down with a languid ease as he took in the expansive gardens.
‘Tell me once more why we should attend upon a fading widow of a lesser noble, however dignified, who chooses to inhabit a rustic shell so far from civilisation?’ The younger man made his voice deliberately loud as a steward descended from the house to greet them.
‘Our reasons for attending on Lady Kendal are no longer worth discussing, DeCourcey,’ the other man’s speech was as refined as his attire. ‘However, as we are here to discuss Sir Henry Kendal’s assets perhaps I might remind you to keep your tone courteous. Far from fading, Lady Kendal’s star is in the ascendant, and she holds considerable sway with many of our contemporaries. To offend her would render our journey fruitless.’ 
DeCourcey sniffed and nodded. ‘You there! Inform Lady Kendal that the honourable Hyde White, member of parliament for Southwark, attends on her.’
The steward moved with unhurried dignity. ‘Of course, sir. Would you accompany me to the reception and I will inform her of your presence.’
‘And would it be too much to expect a glass of wine to mitigate our wait?’
‘I will have some sent along immediately.’ 
DeCourcey’s companion placed a hand on his shoulder as they entered, guided by the steward into a reception room. Plush chairs stood before an empty hearth, and the steward took his leave. ‘Damned liberty, if you ask me, Hyde. Regardless of whether you were expected or not, Lady Kendal’s domestics ought to have you supplied with food, drink and newsprint on your arrival.’ He removed his silk to blow his nose once more. ‘It’s an abhorrently long drive from London.’
White was staring through the window into the gardens. ‘We must be generous. Through widowhood, Lady Kendal finds herself alone and without the guidance of a gentleman – it’s only natural she might find herself neglectful of guests at such notice. As facilitators of the nation we might remind her of her duties.’ He turned, and straightened DeCourcey’s cravat while he spoke. ‘And as my private secretary, I would ask you to follow my lead. What you witness here may be only the humblest strategy.’
‘Hmph. I fear our hostess is too headstrong in her attitudes to the demands of the ton. Comes of living too long without the guiding hand of a husband. I say, what is that noise?’
A delicately played piano accompanied the tap of their shoes as they crossed the floor of the reception. Through a door, they stared as a fair-haired young woman moved her hands across the piano’s keys. 
Its rhythm followed the aria falling from the lips of the statuesque woman beside her; while a third lady, plumper and ruddy-cheeked, watched with rapt attention from the comfort of a divan.
White watched intently as the music reached its climax. DeCourcey sneered, whispering the word, ‘insipid’ as they finished. At the last note, the plump young woman rose to applaud her companions, the pianist standing to gather her pages and smiling gratefully, while their haughty companion remained silent. 
White’s clapping interrupted them. ‘Bravo, ladies. Surely heaven’s choir is bereft of voices, though their loss is our gain.’
The women at the piano made nervous curtsies. Their tall companion spoke for them. ‘You are mistaken, sir. One only has to attend at this hour on a weekday to find us in rehearsal.’
He came near, hands spread wide. ‘Alas, my duties in Westminster preclude such opportunities.’ 
At the mention of parliament, the woman’s eyes were suddenly keen. ‘Though had I known that Lady Kendal was wont to keep seraphim I would certainly find time to do so. Ladies, allow me to introduce myself – Hyde White, a lowly parliamentarian for the London borough of Southwark.’ He turned to his associate. ‘And I have the pleasure of naming Mr. William DeCourcey, my private secretary, without whom I would be of little use.’
DeCourcey had left White’s side to gaze beyond the manor’s windows, waving away his praise.
‘If it pleases, sir?’ The plump young lady spoke, blushing under his gaze. ‘I have the honour of introducing my friends and companions, Miss Victoria Cavendish and Miss Joanna Martindale.’
‘Do you save the best for last? Come now, I would know your name too.’
‘Miss Charlotte Bennet, sir,’ she stammered
‘Well, Miss Charlotte Bennet, surely the warmest honey would seem a soured root to your voice.’
Grinning inanely, Charlotte was interrupted by Joanna. ‘Might I enquire as to your presence in Lady Kendal’s home, sir?’
‘Might I enquire as to your’s first, Miss Nightingale?’
‘Martindale, sir – a nightingale is a species of songbird. I am wholly unique.’
DeCourcey turned on her. ‘How dare—!’
White held up a hand. ‘Merely an audience with the aforementioned lady. We move in similar circles, you see? It is the way of those who inhabit our station – polite discourse, etcetera.’ Joanna’s lips became tight. ‘And you, Miss Martindale? What is your role here?’
‘I require no instruction as to the nature of those who move in such circles, sir, as my companions and I are guests of the lady of the manor, to extend her reputation as London’s foremost mentor of courtesy and etiquette—’
‘Oh, yes,’ White turned away, examining the furnishings, ‘her hobby – the improvement of young ladies for entry into polite society. Well, one supposes she would need something to occupy her since widowhood, and the moulding of clay into ornaments seems to be an artisan’s favourite pastime, yes?’
Joanna’s eyes flashed. She was about to say more but was interrupted. Grace Kendal swept into the room, animated beyond her years, dressed in a regal satin. ‘Mr. White, this is an unexpected pleasure – you are an endless cause for surprise.’ 
She let him put his lips to her hand. ‘Lady Kendal, the pleasure is mine. Your timeless elegance is that which continues to surprise.’
‘Indeed? First I have you protesting the funds allocated by parliament to my husband’s regiment during the American wars and now I find you arriving unannounced in the company of your valet. A man, I hear, who speaks loud in dispute of my hospitality.’
DeCourcey had the good sense to stay quiet. ‘Fortunes of war and peace, dear lady. One must bend with the wind. For my part, I do what I can for the care of our nation, through waters stilled and stirred.’
Grace placed her hand over her heart. ‘My, my, Mr. White. You speak with such noble dignity and with so little substance. Surely you should consider a career in politics?’
Victoria stifled a smirk as Joanna smiled. DeCourcey glared. 
White broke the silence. ‘Well, much as I enjoy indulging in idle pleasantries, my private secretary and I have spent an hour in transit—’
‘Indeed you have, and you must be in need of the refreshments your man desires,’ she indicated her steward. ‘You may help yourself to wine and pastries. Please, join me on the terrace the better to shed light on your visit.’
‘I would prefer to speak in private.’
‘State secrets, Mr. White? I don’t believe I have the stomach for such intrigues.’
‘Not quite, merely some sensitive affairs.’
‘Well then, this is a subject fit for ladies of tender disposition to acquaint themselves with, yes?’ The politico’s smile faded. Grace relented with a sigh. ‘Ladies, would you give us a moment?’
Charlotte, Victoria and Joanna bobbed and filed out together. Joanna lingered at the door, eyeing the men, before disappearing. 
They sat opposite each other by the terrace windows as the steward laid out food and drink before leaving. DeCourcey stood behind his master and waited. ‘Your business, Mr. White. How might I serve you?’
‘Lady Kendal, first, I must offer condolences on behalf of myself and the party I represent – your husband’s passing is still felt by those he counted as friends and advocates.’
‘Kind of you to say so, sir. My husband was an exceptional judge of character, choosing his friends on loyalty and steadfastness. It is good to know his choices were well made.’
‘Quite so. And it is in the spirit of his loyalty that I come to you, for the party I serve was endorsed by Sir Henry through years of military and civil service.’ Grace’s eyes flickered to DeCourcey, who looked suddenly away. ‘Through years of support, he made numerous contributions to its development. Such a body requires constant means for it’s prosperity, means that were, with gratitude, made by your husband’s charity,’ White cleared his throat. ‘Since his passing, I regret no such contributions have been forthcoming from this estate. I come here today to give you the opportunity to renew those means.’
Silence filled the room, the ticking of the clock onerously loud.
‘You come here begging for money?’
White’s eyes fell with a smile. ‘Not at all, I merely seek to remind you, with affection, of your late husband’s desire to assist the party I represent.’
‘Mr. White, you must understand, my late husband and I did not always agree on politics. Indeed, we found ourselves given to such passionate disagreements that were it not for his years of military experience he may not have survived. Through such energetic disputes we found a new respect for one another, and a wondrous satisfaction at the cessation of hostilities.’
DeCourcey rolled his eyes.
‘Surely, then you must see the benefit in honouring your late husband’s memory—’
‘Mr. White, you are not the only parliamentarian arriving at my door requesting financial aid.’
‘What? Who then—?’ DeCourcey stepped forward, forgetting himself. 
White silenced him with a glare. ‘Might I ask whom you speak of?’
‘The honourable member in opposition to yourself, sir.’
White stared. ‘Derleth.’
‘Well, now, I find my ears suddenly burning.’
They turned at the genial voice. A silver-haired gentleman with a good twenty years on White entered with a smile. ‘Though be it left for love or right for spite, it’s too early to tell. Good day to you, Hyde.’
White stood, speaking with less warmth. ‘It seems as though we are of one mind, Samuel.’
‘A rarity in itself, eh, my young friend?’
White’s reply was cold. ‘Your presence here—’
‘Mirrors your own – the harry and destruction of the Resurrection Men and the Crucible they muster under. Or did you have something more particular in mind?’
‘No, indeed. There can be no better incentive but the quelling of such evil – an evil that preys upon the greatest and the meanest alike.’
‘Yet more accord, and all within the walls of my home!’ Grace clapped her hands as she stood. ‘Gentlemen, you affirm my faith in our democracy and I will give you, Mr. White, the same answer I gave Mr. Derleth.’ 
He waited for her to speak. 
‘Allow me sufficient time to think upon your appeal.’ 
He was about to say more but she continued. ‘As for honouring my late husband’s memory, I believe simple consent to be a weakness of character he never possessed. You shall have my answer by the week’s end, sir.’
‘Am I to consider myself dismissed?’
‘No. I have duties of my own to attend to. You and Mr. Derleth may consider my home open to you and your valet, my staff at your service.’ She passed DeCourcey as she turned to leave. ‘I would ask you to treat them with respect – my steward served his country more faithfully than anyone here, being my husband’s orderly, and suffering injuries that would have felled a lesser man.’
She treated DeCourcey to a sweet smile before departing. 
‘Well, then – care to share a carriage to London, Hyde?’ said Derleth.
‘That will not be necessary, Mr. Derleth.’ DeCourcey stalked out of the drawing room, White following with a scowl and nodding to the older politico, leaving Samuel Derleth smiling as they left.

They waited behind the drawing room door as Grace exited, Victoria speaking first. ‘The nerve of the man, Lady Kendal. Might we enquire why you didn’t send the scoundrel—?’
Grace beckoned them into the library, motioning for them to close the door. ‘Hyde White is indeed a scoundrel – a conceited boor with little regard for anyone but himself. He is also a man of considerable influence within government. As such he is not to be underestimated and should be shown respect. One never knows when such a man might be found useful.’
Charlotte and Victoria shared glances. Joanna stayed silent.
‘That being said, one should never appear too eager to align with opposing bodies,’ Grace eyed them one by one. ‘For bias marks us as indiscreet. We can do better. Fickleness from a position of strength will never see you short of suitors, in both practicality and romance.’
She gave them a sly smile before leaving. Joanna’s gaze was distant, and she strayed from the library to the reception as White and DeCourcey were leaving. 
‘Mr. White.’ Joanna’s call brought him to a halt, and he turned to her. ‘Might I offer you my appreciation for taking the time to visit? Lady Kendal has many influential visitors from the capital, but none so honourable have passed through these doors for some time.’
DeCourcey tutted at the flattery as White turned to leave. ‘You are kind to say so, Miss Martindale, though your praise is unnecessary, nor sought for.’ 
‘That may be so, sir, but it would be unseemly not to appreciate your visit. Please accept my gratitude on behalf of the household.’
DeCourcey leant to whisper something, White waving him away as he pulled on his gloves. ‘Lady Kendal’s renown deserves it’s status if your manners are aught to go by, Miss Martindale, though I find myself wondering at your sudden approval.’ 
‘Forgive me, sir. Too often I find myself flushed with the audacity of my years,’ she gazed beneath her lashes, pushing tendrils of hair from her eyes. ‘Please accept my apologies.’
White took a step nearer. ‘There is no need to apologise, Miss Martindale. Your affection is welcome.’ Charlotte and Victoria exited the library, staring uneasily at the encounter. ‘Tell me, do we have the pleasure of your company at the good lady’s next social?’
‘Indeed, sir. Though the pleasure is mine.’
DeCourcey stiffened as White put his lips to Joanna’s hand and let it slip away. ‘Then I will count the days until next we meet. Good day, dear lady.’
She returned his smile and watched as he turned to leave. DeCourcey shot her a look of utter malice before following.
‘Effortless.’ Joanna whispered as her companions joined her.
‘Joanna, what are you about, coquetting with Hyde White? The man is a snake,’ said Victoria.
Charlotte hurried to add more. ‘Indeed, yes. He is handsome but vainglorious and without charm. You must be careful, for he will abuse your trust as he would your heart.’
‘Coquet? Trust? Did you hear nothing of Lady Kendal’s words? Hyde White is a man, proud and vain. And there do we exploit and shape him to our ambitions, his deficiencies laid bare.’ Joanna placed her hand on Victoria’s shoulder, releasing it to run her fingers under Charlotte’s abundant chin. ‘Though some of us have greater barriers to overcome.’
Charlotte was downcast, Victoria frowning in sympathy as Joanna threw up her hands. ‘For goodness’ sake, ladies – I jest. Are you so frail that you cannot bear a little mischief?’ Charlotte’s eyes were hopeful as the brash young woman stared from the terrace windows to White’s retreating carriage. ‘I would not entertain the notion of Hyde White’s attention – his presence has been mere exercise, a rehearsal of wits that shows him as inferior as I knew him to be.’ 
Charlotte and Victoria shared a look – Joanna’s spite was reserved for them. 
‘There is only one gentleman I would allow to attend on me.’ 
A smile did nothing to lighten her features. ‘He simply requires instruction in knowing where his true devotion lies.’



Chapter 3



Shouldering a hessian sack of meagre possessions, the stranger stepped up to the merchantman’s gangway and bid his erstwhile companions farewell, taking the planks to the busy dockside of Billingsgate. The sounds and smells of the great city invigorated him rather than overwhelmed him, as he knew they would. He’d heard older men speak over mugs of ale by tavern firesides, telling of the mobs of peoples and voices to be found in London. Of strange beasts brought from distant lands, exotic spices, fruits, sweetmeats and luxuries unbound, all waiting for those lucky souls who might break from the drudgery of England’s quiet villages and fishing ports.
Blythe was his name, and as he stood on the dockside and let the tide of humanity wash about him he raised his eyes to a pale sun and closed his eyes. A sigh brought unfamiliar smells – oranges and lemons, Spanish onions and spiced lamb. 
Sweat and horse shit. 
He grinned to himself – this was an honest town, full of honest men, who worked hard for good money, a place of unbounded opportunity for an eager young fellow with a mind to make a life from himself. His uncle’s words of caution as he took ship from his home in the north came back to him, and he shook his head, remembering the old man’s feeble concern, urging him to have a care and watch for the thieves and rogues that, if he heard right, haunted every corner and shadow of the towering buildings and confining tenements.
Of course he would take care, he had assured the old boy, and had accepted a purse to add to his own, promising to write the fellow and repay him the moment he found gainful employment and was on the way to a fortune of his own. 
‘Shift your arse, boy.’ 
A thickset fellow carrying a sack of grain cannoned into him, spinning him round and making him slip on the greasy cobbles, springing him from his reverie. 
‘Move, dolt!’ He was about to apologise when another labourer knocked him sideways and he lost his footing, scrabbling in the filthy straw scattered on the quay, fresh-strewn that morning to soak up brine and horse-piss and scum that went along with the unloading of cargoes from the great wooden hulls.
‘My apologies, sir.’ Coming to his feet he nodded at the fellow, pushing a wooden truck heavy with kegs and barrels, and received a sullen glare in return.
Of course, this was a place of industry and he had no right to linger where decent men plied their trades. Casting about, he saw tavern-sign hanging from an alley wall, and resolved to take food and ale before approaching one of the wharf-hands or labour-masters who would always need a strong lad with a will to match.
Grinning at the idea, he patted his stained hands on his linen jacket, wiping away dirt and straw.
The grin faded, becoming a frown as he searched his belt and pockets. Then alarm.
His purse, and most of his money, was gone.

Evening came early, the sky darkened by cloud and the promise of rain. Sitting in the corner of a rough tavern, Blythe nursed a pot of ale and picked at the crumbs of a beef pie. He had searched the wharf in a panic, seeking the fellows who had struck him, asking if they had seen or heard of a lost money pouch. 
He’d been greeted with scorn and laughter and pity, before finally giving up and making his way deeper into the city, following the path of the great river as the buildings became meaner and the skies became dark, fetching up in the rookery of Jacob’s Island. Crossing the pestilential moat of Folly Ditch, he made his way into the ill-lit slum. 
The denizens had stared at him with a curious avarice. 
The ale tasted foul, nothing like the smooth-sweet beer he knew from the taverns of his home, and his uncle’s words came back to him. It was a bitter pill, made more so by the sour brew, and he gulped the ale against a growing misery.
‘Looking for some company, sir?’
He looked up. She was pretty, despite a face scarred by pox, and her kind eyes and gentle smile were the best things he’d seen since disembarking. Moving aside, he watched as she sat on the worn oak and smoothed out a dress of patched and stained crepe. The tallow candle that flickered on the table smelt bad, but the flame danced in her eyes and a cheap scent made her company all the more welcome. ‘There, now,’ she leaned on her hand and held his gaze with her own. ‘What does a handsome fellow do here alone, without the company of a fair maid to match?’
‘Well, I have you to keep me company now, eh?’ He felt himself warming to her, and she giggled, girlishly, pushing her hair behind an ear as he edged closer.
‘On your way, Sally.’
They looked up together, the girl’s face falling in recognition, then fear, and Blythe frowned at the small fellow with the shrewd eyes that gazed back at him. He held two tankards of foaming ale and a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. 
Blythe had had enough of being pushed around for one day. ‘See here, sir – the lady and I were about our own business. I suggest you—’
‘No lady, friend.’ 
Sally’s gaze turned hard as the man went on. ‘You, I would guess, cannot afford such as she.’
Blythe turned to the lass, who met his eyes with an apologetic shrug. ‘Is that true? On the rocks, are you?’
More folly. Blythe felt his foolishness and lowered his eyes, shaking his head with a rueful smile. ‘My apologies, madam – it’s been a long day.’
Sally grinned. ‘Oh well, nothing ventured . . .’ she came to her feet, holding out her hand for him to kiss. Before he had chance, the mean-looking stranger moved between them and sat. 
Sally shook her head and disappeared into the darkness of the tavern. Blythe stared at the fellow and waited.
‘New in town, eh?’ The stranger sipped from his ale as he pushed the second drink towards him.

A risen moon cast it’s light on the rooftops of Jacob’s Island. 
An hour had passed.
As had Blythe. 
The young fellow with the naive charm had fallen to those who preyed on London’s guileless and destitute. 
His body was taken from the tavern cellar and wrapped in a tarpaulin before being hauled away on a wooden cart, the Crucible men using the darkness to their gain. 
The small man with the shrewd eyes, presenting himself with such generous goodwill, tossed a leather purse into the air – the remainder of Blythe’s coin – and caught it. The lad had succumbed to the laudanum-spiked beer as he knew he would, grinning stupidly as the drug did it’s work and calling for more ale, the stranger’s generosity of spirit making up for one bad day. His confederates, low-ranking men, had dragged him, stupefied, to the tavern cellar and drowned him. They’d stripped him of clothes and wares and money, and the anatomists of Southwark would have another corpse to ply their trade, the gang-men well paid in return. And the growing fear of murder and the anatomist’s blades to follow would ensure the denizens of Jacob’s Island’s silence. 
All so simple – yet again. 
The man grinned in the darkness of the alley and began to make his way to the tenement he called home, casting the leather pouch high one more time under the dim light of a street lamp.
It was caught – snatched from the air – and he slammed into the brick wall of the alley, shocked and breathless as a hand at his throat held him immobile.
Whoever it was didn’t know him, didn’t know the Crucible, and he drew a knife from his belt, slashing at the arm before him. 
Nothing happened – the pallid skin turned his blade like stone – and the knife was taken from him, clattering aside as a ferocious strength silenced his cry.
‘Look at me.’
He couldn’t see, but the voice was beautiful – nothing like the strength that held him. His hands grasped the arm that held him and he squinted in the dark. A pale face – pale as the hand at his throat – loomed before him. Wreathed in black hair she seemed to grow out of the night, a half-smile softening blood-red lips.
‘Who the fuck—?’
‘Look at me.’
The voice was warmer still, alluring – a sweetness that filled his mind, soothing his breathing. Her eyes were on him, a shimmering blue that gleamed in the light of the street-lamp. 
He stared, fascinated, at a gaze lost in time.
‘Yield.’
‘I—’
‘Submit.’
It wasn’t an order, it was an idea – a good one – and he felt her grasp relax, even as he did, the warmth filling him, all his hurts and bitter aches lost. 
‘Calm yourself – be at ease.’ 
Her words led him, and he wanted more. 
‘Let me help you.’
‘I—’
‘Deliver yourself.’
He wanted so much more. He felt his mind fading as he started to sag in her arms. She smiled, and he mirrored her smile. Her eyes filled his world and she smiled again, showing him her teeth. 
He didn’t care that they seemed to grow long and sharp and lustrous in the half-light.
His head fell back, baring himself. 
He didn’t care about anything anymore.
Not even the sting of her teeth in his neck and the delicious warmth of his blood, leaving him – giving himself to her – just as long as the moment didn’t end. 
He wanted it to go on forever.
Which it did.
To the end of his life.



Chapter 4



Now.
Despite his modesty, the young surgeon was held in high regard. She knew the grief of the one who would aid her and she fashioned herself in sympathy. 
Smiling inwardly she sat, opened the ancient text, and waited.

‘The works of Mr. Wordsworth belong to me, ladies.’ Joanna spoke under her breath as they followed Grace into Old Temple’s tearoom, a house of unrefined architecture on the Thames’s north bank. 
Charlotte kept her voice low. ‘Remind me, Vicky – the significance of Mr. Wordsworth’s poetry?’
Victoria slowed, watching Joanna follow Grace to a table, indicated by the proprietor, and speaking softly. ‘Lady Kendal’s memories of Sir Henry are indulged by such works. His courtship—’ she lowered her voice as Joanna caught her eye. ‘Joanna seeks to curry favour with our mentor by giving life to her memories.’
They sat by a window overlooking the busy avenue. Grace ordered refreshments and smiled. Her young companions’ guiles were plain, and yet it heartened her that her education wasn’t for nothing, finding their way in a world of class and hierarchy. 
In a world made by men, influence was all.
Gazing around the tearoom she waited for her wards’ chatter to subside. The place was sparsely decorated with paintings of landscapes and seascapes, furnished with crude oak tables, worn and stained. Moving hair from her eyes, greying as she entered her fiftieth year, she eyed the patrons with casual interest. A youthful navy lieutenant, probably lacking for employment since the peace between Britain and France, and his sweetheart – coquettish laughter finding her lips as he tried to win her favour with clumsy wit. They found solace in a darkened corner where conversations wouldn’t intrude.
The remaining customer was a young lady of precise bearing, sitting at a nearby table and intent on a battered text. She wore a dark green dress with full sleeves, her hands emerging to hold her book and take tea from fine china – as white as her skin – and Grace saw lavish black hair fall about her face, leaving her white neck exposed. 
She felt a pang of envy at the woman’s casual beauty and her assurance in attending alone, though she chided herself at the notion – she had entered London society in a similar manner during her bloom into womanhood and had the same intentions for her charges. 
Silencing their gossip by clearing her throat, their attention was immediate. ‘Ladies, shall we begin where we concluded and give voice an old friend – Mary Robinson?’ Grace licked the tip of a forefinger and turned to the appropriate page as they hurried to catch up. ‘I think “London’s Summer Morning” would not be entirely fitting, considering the time and season,’ leaning forward, she eyed them one by one, ‘But that is poetry’s nature – to transform, to stir the soul, and to transport to another place and another time. Charlotte? Would you care to lead off while we wait for our refreshments?’ 
Charlotte nodded, nervously. Victoria spoke quietly to Joanna. ‘Mary “Perdita” Robinson – the Prince of Wales’s mistress who died in penury. Hardly a fitting example, eh, Joanna?’
‘A victim of circumstance who did much to enhance women’s privileges while suffering the attentions of unkind men.’ 
The table fell silent under Grace’s rebuke. She hadn’t spoken loudly but still the air in the tearoom became heavy. The proprietor stood frozen, halfway to their table, a tray of cups and pastries in his hands as Grace held their eyes a moment longer. In the corner of the room, the young naval officer and his companion fell silent.
The pale, dark-haired woman, remained intent on her book, apparently unaware.
Grace nodded at the proprietor, and he approached, serving before departing. ‘For those reasons, ladies, I wish to educate you to the ways of the world before you suffer the same fate as Mrs. Robinson.’ Her voice softened with her gaze. ‘My friend.’
Joanna leaned towards Victoria – red-faced – and patted her hand. ‘Well done, Vicky.’
Grace pretended she hadn’t heard. ‘Charlotte, if you please, and—’ 
Joanna’s honeyed tone interrupted them. ‘Lady Kendal? Might I give voice to one of Mr. Wordsworth’s poems?’ Grace waited for her to speak. ‘Tintern Abbey?’
The request was met with relief by Charlotte and Victoria. The lengthy composition would give them time to relax. 
It seemed Grace’s lessons on discretion weren’t going to waste. ‘That would be very welcome, Miss Martindale.’ 
Joanna turned to the pages and smiled – turning into a smirk as she began. 
If only she didn’t have to be so smug about it, thought Grace.
‘“Five years have past; five summers, with the length of five long winters! And again I hear these waters, rolling from their mountain-springs with a soft inland murmur,”’ 
Grace closed her eyes as Joanna’s voice gave way to someone else’s, someone gone from her. ‘Five years indeed.’ Her gaze returned to the window. The sun was low on the horizon, passing between buildings on the river’s south bank and brushing the sky with orange, and she thought the moment beautiful. ‘I miss you, Harry.’ 
‘How did Sir Henry die?’ Charlotte whispered to Victoria.
‘A French musket ball took him in the First Coalition war,’ Charlotte’s expression became pained as Victoria continued. ‘After his passing, she was pressed by family and friends to give up the estate and return to her family home. She defied them, spurning the idea of remarrying, and honouring his memory in the execution of manorial duties.’
Grace stared through the window to the figures passing beyond, pretending not to hear and quelling a hollow touch of grief. ‘We do not always get what we want,’ she whispered to no-one in particular, and while Joanna continued she watched the faces of the people beyond the glass. Her eyes glistened in the dim light, finding it hard to swallow. 
It wouldn’t do – not now, not in front of her wards. She bit her tongue, trading one pain for another.
She tasted blood in her mouth. 
The pale woman looked up as though distracted. 
Grace was given a glimpse of her pages. The script was Chinese, a language she had little knowledge of, but that wasn’t the point – a lady of letters sat in their presence. Perhaps an introduction was in order. 
Her attention was returned to her wards as Joanna’s words put an edge on her grief, and she let it happen. ‘“These beauteous forms, through a long absence, have not been to me, in hours of weariness, sensations sweet, felt in the blood, and felt along the heart; and passing even into my purer mind with tranquil restoration:- feelings too . . .”’
‘“Of unremembered pleasure: such, perhaps, as have no slight or trivial influence,”’
A second voice had joined Joanna’s. 
They turned to the remaining occupant. The woman with such pale skin and dark hair had placed her book in her lap, her gaze remote. ‘“On that best portion of a good man’s life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts.”’
Her voice was exquisite, angelic. Where Joanna’s words were soothing, hers were suffused with resonance – a sorrow mellowed with a yearning that could never find relief. Charlotte stared open-mouthed as the woman’s lips moved with the words. Victoria’s eyes were bound by the woman’s unearthly tone. Only Joanna remained unimpressed, tight-lipped as her moment was usurped by the strange figure.
‘“Of kindness and of love.”’ 
Silence greeted the last words. Much of the poem remained unsaid but as the woman lowered her head Grace saw a tear linger at the tip of her jaw, touched away by a finger.
She straightened suddenly and turned her gaze on them, her gleaming blue eyes filled with memory. 
‘Forgive me. I will apologise for interrupting your reading, beautiful as it was.’ Grace acknowledged her with a tilt of her head but had no time to reply. ‘For I must excuse myself – that work is valuable to me, and towards my late husband.’
There was silence as dust motes fell in rays of the setting sun, punctuated by coughs and clatter from the back-room. Charlotte’s voice broke the moment. ‘Then, you and Lady Kendal, you have much in common! Do you not, Lady Gr— , Lady Kendal?’
Grace couldn’t deny a pang of solidarity at the woman’s words. Charlotte’s utterance let her recover her wits, and she turned on her with a simple ‘Quite.’ To the pale woman, she spoke softly. ‘I too am sorry, madam. You say you lost your husband?’ 
She didn’t speak or raise her eyes, just nodded. Grace had to swallow. ‘Might I ask, was it recently?’ 
A pause, and then she raised her eyes, Grace feeling herself shrink under her pain. ‘More so than I care to tell.’
They started with compassion, even Joanna had a sympathetic frown. Grace was moved – this solitary young woman displayed more dignity than she could teach her charges in a month. ‘Please, will you share some refreshment with us? Or are you waiting to keep an engagement?’ 
Another pause – before she smiled, revealing perfect, bone-white teeth. ‘I have no engagement, merely an inclination for solitude while I read.’ Closing the book, Grace noticed the reverence with which she held it. 
‘An interesting read?’ 
‘The Book of Changes.’ They craned to examine the ancient text. ‘I read it for nostalgia’s sake.’ Grace wondered at the idea of nostalgia regarding such an obscure script. ‘But your offer of refreshments is welcome, Lady Kendal,’ and she stood, a fluid motion as she placed her chair alongside hers, taking her seat with matching elegance.
‘You know who I am?’ 
She placed her book on the table and poured tea. ‘Every woman of discretion in London knows of you, Lady Kendal. Your renown precedes you and is justly deserved.’ 
Reassured by her manners, Grace couldn’t help feeling an edge of unease at her confidence. 
It was time to remedy that. ‘I’m afraid, then, that you have the advantage of me – of us,’ she indicated the others. ‘To what name do you go by?’
She placed pale fingers around the cup and lifted it to her mouth, eyes closing as her lips breathed away a wisp of steam. Before taking a sip, she opened her eyes. 
‘My name is Evelida Grey. And I am delighted to make your acquaintance.’



Chapter 5



James Dalton spent his Saturday afternoon at his desk, poring into the lens of a brass-bound microscope, a soft light falling through his study window. A notebook lay open beside a pen and inkwell, and a forgotten a cup of tea set by Dalton’s housekeeper, who tutted at the dedication of a young man committed to his work when he should be committed to a wife. She had been politely thanked as he kept his attention on the instrument, and she left exasperated, muttering under her breath of a good man going to waste. He’d scarcely looked up as he lost himself in what his housekeeper called ‘the folly of the infinitesimal.’ 
A cloud passed over the afternoon sun, obscuring the mica slide, and he used the moment to pause, sitting back in an upholstered chair with a sigh.
‘Pardon me,’
He found himself staring up at an army officer, standing casually in the door of his residence. Dressed in the red uniform and pipe-clay effects of an infantry regiment, his sword hung at his side, a stovepipe shako held under an arm. 
Dalton came to his feet as the soldier spoke. ‘But could you direct me to the residence of one James Dalton? I hear he is in residence today. A distinctly bookish fellow – very poor bearing, a bland and dull gentleman by all accounts.’
‘That he is, the very definition of a bookworm, sir.’ Dalton came near the redcoat, squinting at the soldier’s tanned face. ‘For he delights in the study of blood and parasites, and owns many texts thereof.’
‘Hmph. Then would you be so kind as to inform him that Captain Hale of His Majesty’s First Regiment of Foot desires his company, should he find the time to drag himself away from his anatomical reverie?’
Dalton’s face split with a grin and he threw his arms around the man; who let his shako fall to the desk and returned the embrace. ‘Always time for firm friends too long away from home.’ Dalton held the beaming officer at length. ‘Good to see you, Milton.’
‘Likewise, bookworm.’
Dalton’s grin grew wider as he released him. ‘And now a captain. Well, it is long overdue. How do you fare, my friend?’
Hale sat against the edge of the desk and shrugged. ‘Tolerably well, James. Shoulder still aches from the shell fragment, thigh still aches from the frog bayonet.’ Dalton grimaced at the idea of battlefield wounds and the conditions they were apt to fester. ‘Apart from severe damage to my purse I am in good vigour.’
‘Still gambling your funds away, eh? Well after the actions you have seen, who could begrudge you the occasional vice.’
‘Who indeed?’ 
Dalton caught the look as the man’s eyes became distant. ‘Alexandria?’
‘Mmm.’ 
‘I received your letter. That is, Lady Grace received it from your father and passed it on to me.’
‘That was decent of him. Did he ask after me, my father?’
‘He did. He asked me to send you his regards and that he misses you more each day.’
Hale held Dalton’s gaze a moment, then chuckled. ‘James, you haven’t the talent for deceit, having no experience in it. Indeed, I find no evidence of any vices clouding your character.’ He stood to examine the walls of books and instruments. ‘You know, you really could use a woman’s touch here.’
‘And there we are, moments after returning from the battlefields of Egypt, my old friend launches an assault on my tranquility with a suggestion of marriage.’
‘Marriage? Not a compromise I would entertain, bookworm,’ he lowered his voice. ‘But a companion, a comely mare to warm your bed would not go amiss in a life of quiet solitude?’
Dalton’s threw his hands up. ‘A physician? A research fellow of St Thomas’? Entertaining strumpets for the sake of wanton pleasure is not how a man of my station conducts himself, Milton. Besides, I have women enough in my life.’
‘Your housekeeper doesn’t count.’
Dalton gaped at him. ‘Captain Hale, if you deploy your sword the way you fence with words then you have nothing to fear on the battlefield.’
‘The way I deploy my sword is not the issue, old friend. The way you deploy your sword, however, should be the subject of every eligible young lady’s fancy from here to Billingsgate. And yet, here you are, shut up in your rooms, day and night for the betterment of mankind,’ Hale held up a placating hand. ‘James, do you not find any time for the company of a fair maiden?’ 
Dalton thought on his station. It brought him within the sphere of many charming young ladies, their interest in him painfully obvious, finding their scrutiny in his capacity of physician distracting while their mothers lurked in the shadows and made encouraging noises. They were all, in their own way, lovely. Just a little – dull.
‘James? Are you still with me?’ Hale was snapping his fingers in front of his face. ‘Ah, you were no doubt thinking of the lovely Miss Martindale who will be presenting herself at Lady Kendal’s social two days hence?’ 
‘Not at all. I mean to say, you’re right, she is lovely – in appearance and bearing, and her family are unquestionably refined.’
‘But?’
Dalton blew out his cheeks. ‘But. I find Joanna Martindale – singleminded. In her eyes, I am just another stepping stone on her path to higher standing. I believe I am a conduit to her. As attractive a proposition as Miss Martindale is, all I see in her is compromise, my life bent to hers for the sake of marriage, children, governesses, endless socialising – am I sounding cynical, Milton?’
‘And my father still marvels at my decision to become a soldier. No, bookworm. Your thoughts mirror mine, we only deploy our cynicism in different ways.’ They shared a grin, the silence broken by Hale. ‘So, then – who?’ 
Dalton’s gaze drifted to the window. It was inevitable, his age and his station; it was expected. ‘Who indeed?’
The room became quiet, and Hale cast his eyes over the walls of the study. Mounted beside a bookshelf he found himself looking at a pair of smallswords, set with blades crossed, and with a gleeful start jumped up to examine them more closely. Dalton watched as Hale ran a finger along the blades. ‘A gift from my parents when I finished at Edinburgh.’
‘I remember,’ Hale spoke reverently as he stared at the weapons. ‘You were quite the fencer. Swift and agile, a match for all comers, and yet you traded sword for scalpel?’
‘Somebody has to patch up His Majesty’s finest.’
‘And do you still practice at Angelo’s in Haymarket?’
Dalton answered carefully – he could see where this was going. ‘On occasion, when time and duty permits.’
‘A match? A couple of passes?’
‘Milton—’
‘Come on, bookworm. I am returned from a sea voyage and have need of exercise. Would you, a physician, deny me my vitality? After all, who knows how long this peace will last? I may have need of sword-skill sooner than we know.’
Hale would have his sport and Dalton could see the sense of it. For a moment his ego was piqued and the thrill of competition gave his words an edge. ‘Move that desk and drop your sword and jacket.’
‘Yes, sir.’
Dalton pulled a leather-bound case from under the desk, lifting out two fencing sabres with buttoned tips. He held them in either hand, blade down as he turned to his friend – stripped to a linen shirt – and tossed a sabre to him. ‘I wouldn’t want to tear such an expensive uniform, Captain Hale.’
Hale smiled. ‘A wager? First touch?’
Dalton kept his blade low and shook his head. ‘I wouldn’t stretch your purse any more than it already is, Milton.’
Hale grinned and raised his blade. ‘En garde,’
Dalton did the same, extending his blade and touching Hale’s. 
The light from the window receded – a growing darkness that brought his opponent into focus. 
He was no longer Milton Hale, no longer his friend. He was an adversary. 
Dalton’s heartbeat slowed with his breathing, a flicker of doubt crossing Hale’s face as he gave the word.
‘Allez!’



Chapter 6



‘Are you sure you will not join us, Eve – Miss Grey? The night draws in and it would be no hardship to take you to your home.’ 
Grace Kendal’s face was a mix of charity and concern as the newcomer tied a sarsnet hat beneath her jaw and lowered her eyes in respect of the offer. Grace’s carriage and coachman waited patiently for her and her retinue to board.
‘I am sure, Lady Kendal, though your offer is gratefully received. I have a mind to take the night air and feel London beneath my feet once more.’
Charlotte and Victoria exchanged a look. The idea of a lone woman venturing across Blackfriars Bridge into the south of the city was absurd. Joanna stayed tight-lipped and gazed at her. 
‘You must understand my disquiet, Miss Grey, I would make such an offer to anyone, particularly a lady and at this hour,’ said Grace. ‘And my position is scrutinised endlessly, reported on by society tittle-tattle. Were any misfortune to befall you—’
‘Be assured, Lady Kendal, no misfortune will befall me. I have imposed enough on your time.’
Grace’s unease slipped away under the woman’s composure – a model of the standards she expected from her charges. She was too effusive regarding the newcomer and she knew it, jeopardising the esteem she was held in. Not that she particularly cared. Since her husband’s death, it had been too long since she had felt such affinity. 
For the first time in years, she felt the touch of friendship. ‘Never, Miss Grey. Take the utmost care and promise me you will attend my home two nights hence? Your presence will be very welcome.’
A smile ghosted across her face. ‘You may depend upon it.’
Grace found herself smiling enthusiastically, and with a nod turned to chivvy the young ladies to the carriage. Charlotte nodded at Eve while Victoria remained distant. 
Joanna stared with open hostility at the newcomer as Grace urged her aboard – a final glare towards Eve, who lowered her eyes with a smile.

The coachman nodded at her, touching his hat as he climbed aboard. A click of the tongue and the horses stepped forward, carriage wheels clattering over London’s streets and fading into the night. Residences and shopkeepers added to the Strand’s fading light, setting tapers to lanterns and lamps, and Grace leaned from the carriage-window, raising her hand in farewell. 
She watched the coach-lights disappear and closed her eyes, lifting her face to the sky – breathing in the scents of London and the swell of humanity that dwelled here – and smiled. Solidarity was kindled, her favour was assured. She let her sorrows surface when sentimentalism suited her. But then, despair, hope and longing were what it was to be human. 
And she was a long way from being human.
Her eyes still closed she stepped into the road, senses blossoming – a picture of London’s streets forming in her mind as she drifted across the narrow boulevard, avoiding horse traffic, stones and potholes. Stepping onto the pavement, the sweep of her dress and the stones beneath her feet were as much a part of her mind as the air on her skin, the sensuality of making herself sightless, of letting the night illuminate her mind, drawing her on.
She drifted about young men who walked with sweethearts, touching their hats at her passing, and she smiled in return, the auras of their approach and withdrawal guiding her to the bridge – the great span of concrete and iron that would take her south of the river. Older men, alone and enjoying the fresh evening air, would remark on her presence as she passed and she favoured them with more smiles, feeling their regard as she carried herself into the night, hearing the sibilance of their breathing and the drumming of their hearts.
The thirst was rising.
She came to the threshold of Blackfriars Bridge and paused, thinking of Grace Kendal and the young wards in her charge. The cold light of stars fell on her in a splintering cascade as she lifted her face, baring her mind with a touch of irritation. 
Joanna Martindale’s resentment was a dangerous intolerance – a threat to her design. Her envy would poison those she sought to influence. Though she had to admit, she quite liked the girl, despite her single-mindedness. 
Lamplights and chains guided pedestrians along a narrow pavement, though she needed neither, her vision a picture of grey hues and patches of colour under lamplights. A phaeton clattered past, the young couple in the open carriage waving happily at her as she acknowledged them with a raised hand. At the bridge’s midpoint, she stopped to watch the carriage recede into Southwark – a memory coming to her of the river’s south bank, little more than pasture and unrefined meadows, wetlands and meandering streams – before a Norman conqueror’s ambitions raised South London into a maze of streets and buildings that evolved through flood and fire, mirroring the city north of the river. 
She remembered voices.
Voices from the past.
Her parents’ words – her father’s wisdom, as she struggled with him, beside the oxen as they ploughed the barley, his grey eyes watching her fondly. ‘The harder we labour, the greater the reward, daughter – we toil together and become stronger as kin.’
Her mother’s anguish. ‘Ever I hear your father’s voice, daughter. I hear him chide me, criticise me, console me and speak words of devotion.’
‘A child no more, eh?’ Elias – her father’s half-brother – and she frowned as a familiar sourness began to grow in her gut. ‘Perhaps it is time we finished what we started years ago . . .’
The voices faded. A mist was forming over the river, and she leant on an iron parapet to watch, the cold metal tingling beneath her skin and a crescent moon casting its light on the water. The bridge was quiet but a sourness was blooming inside her, and her teeth ached deliciously. She had vowed to Grace Kendal that no misfortune would befall her, that was true. Their intent, though, was unavoidable. They were nearing from the north bank, overloud from an evening’s drinking. 
The thirst put a knife-edge on her senses.
She closed her eyes and breathed. There were three of them, young and brash, and like Grace’s charges, she distinguished a hierarchy.
The leader was identified and she waited.

‘Don’t you bloody dare speak of your luck with the ladies, Jonah Sykes.’ 
The big man lashed out with the palm of his hand, catching the youngster across the back of his head. ‘You might play up to your fantasies in your own time but spare us your witless illusions.’
The humiliation was worse than the clout, and Jonah flushed at the rebuke, rubbing the back of his head as his older brother spoke. ‘Come now, Robert. Jonah meant no harm, he merely sought to distract us from the evening’s drudgery.’
Jonah had turned seventeen that morning, had asked to accompany his brother into Hungerford taverns – an offhand rite-of-passage to satisfy a burgeoning curiosity of women and ale. A weak constitution made his journey into manhood difficult, seeing him shy before his peers. 
What he received was the blustering ire of his brother’s crony, a dockside labourer named Hadfield – a blowhard drinker who had advanced on and been rebuffed by women and serving girls through the evening in defiance of his so-called accomplishments. His mood had darkened as the night wore on, Jonah thinking the evening was a mistake and longing to return home when Hadfield had spilt the drinks of a party of Irish navigators in a drunken sway. Knives had been drawn and Hadfield had responded with insults in a foolish attempt to save face, leading Jonah’s brother to guide the bigger man out of the tavern and clear their heads before making their way to the river.
‘Fenian bastards.’ Hadfield was staggering along Blackfriars Bridge, muttering darkly about migrant workers, a hand on the chain-link rail to steady himself. 
Jonah simply wanted to get home. The ale had been pleasant, but Hadfield’s company had soured the evening. The mysteries of the fairer sex would have to wait for another time.
‘Jesus Christ . . .’ 
Hadfield had paused and was breathing slowly, still steadying himself with the chain-link rail and staring. Jonah and his brother followed his gaze to the solitary figure standing with her arms on the parapet. 
She was young, slim – beautifully elegant to Jonah’s drink-rattled eyes. She turned to them, lifting her face under the brim of her hat, and he felt his stomach jitter at her striking, pallid features, wreathed in black hair and with a curiously unconcerned gaze. But it was her eyes that drew him, an almost luminous blue that searched them – him – making him glance away.
She was gorgeously fine, and he felt lust vying with admiration as he wished his companions weren’t there, that it were just he and this beautiful apparition.
‘Well, now – what do we have here?’ 
Hadfield had spoken, and Jonah felt a rising dread as the man bowed mockingly to the delicate figure, smirking as he came near to her. Jonah looked to his brother to intervene on her behalf, but he was watching the scene with a fascinated smile of his own.
‘Perhaps we should go.’ Jonah’s voice was hoarse in the night air, unheeded by all but the pale woman – gazing at him with the first hint of curiosity.

She fixed on the youngest of the three, the strongest in mind and resolve, and felt his fear for her – an unnecessary concern but satisfying nonetheless, a testament to his courage. 
She would educate them.
‘Am I in peril, sir?’
She was staring at the big man, the one who smirked insidiously. His smirk broke into a grin and he looked to his companions before speaking. ‘Oh, indeed no, my lady, for you are lucky to cross paths with such fine upstanding men as we three, ardent and willing to escort you on your way.’ He drew himself up in a heroic pose, undermined by the need to support himself on the rail, and ogled her with glassy eyes.
‘I require no escort, sir.’
He made an expansive gesture and stepped nearer. ‘But these streets can be dangerous during the hours of darkness,’ a rough hand fell on her shoulder. ‘You would be wise to accompany us along your journey.’ 
The sourness rose like a fire. She briefly considered tearing his arm out, followed by his throat, and her teeth shifted behind her lips. 
But this wasn’t the first time she’d had to endure the attentions of unkind men, far from it, and the youngest of them had proved himself a gentleman. The thirst could wait – she suppressed it and pretended at being human.
‘I think we should leave, Robert. The lady has expressed her desire to remain alone—’ 
The younger man spoke, his voice soft but urgent, and she smiled at him, even as the big man hissed. ‘Shut your face, Jonah.’
Jonah’s brother placed a restraining hand on his shoulder, even as he watched the encounter unfold with rising interest. She liked him less than the domineering fool who molested her, composed of neither wit or ambition. 
‘You are disrespectful, sir, and rude in my desire for seclusion,’ she searched his vulnerabilities. ‘Your conduct reflects on your breeding, on the instruction of your mother and your father.’
The smirk faded; his hand fell away. She felt a budding discontentment as she teased the knife in. ‘What sadness would they suffer, knowing their son’s trespass on a lone woman’s presence?’
Confusion vied with anger as his jaw set, feeling his rising fury drawn by her voice, his mind made maudlin by drink. ‘What would your father think of you?’
His words were quiet but no less dangerous. ‘My father was a brute bastard.’ 
His fists bunched at his side, shoulders squared as he faced her. She tasted the young man’s fear on her behalf, even as the big man continued. ‘He beat me and my mother endlessly. Used her as he saw fit to the end of his life.’
She stared at him as she drove the knife home. ‘Would you honour his memory by imitating him?’
He was transfixed by her stare through visions of childhood horrors and looked away, eyes no longer glazed by drink but by the pain of memory. She spoke softly, turning him on the edge of her words. ‘Were he here now would you condone his actions through your own? Or would you stand in defiance of him, becoming the man he could never be?’
His eyes flickered away, lost in a past of loathing and remorse. The moment lengthened and she felt his temper soothing, even as she sensed Jonah’s relief.
‘Come on.’ 
He stamped away, head down and pushing past his fellows, before halting and turning to stare across the river. With a final glance at her, he touched a finger to his brow, and she acknowledged him with a nod.
Jonah and his brother turned to follow. She could feel – taste – the disappointment of one and the relief of the other.
A little more instruction wouldn’t go amiss.
‘Jonah.’

He turned at his name and she was standing before him. 
Her eyes were on him and he was helpless under her gaze, filling him with an irresistible longing. Closing her eyes, she placed her lips on his cheek, a sensation oddly cool, making him shiver. She pulled away, smiling, and he felt himself blush.
‘Thank you.’
He had to swallow before he could speak. ‘For what?’
Her smile widened, showing her teeth, and she held his gaze a moment longer before the cry of his brother ended the moment, stepping clumsily away. Desperate to keep her in his vision, he filled his mind with every detail as he stumbled to catch up.
Jonah felt lucky beyond measure, watching her turn to lean on the parapet and gaze toward the reach of the river.

She was content – content not to have submitted them to force. Jonah was a decent boy and he was lucky. She watched the dark waters of the river roll by, bringing memories of the past, and smiled in her contentment.
There was enough death in this city.



Chapter 7



The sun had set, and a cool evening air stirred the study’s curtains as the clash of steel, a sound never before heard in Dalton’s rooms, punctuated the efforts of the sparring partners as they weaved along the impromptu strip. 
Hale, face burned brown from marching under the Egyptian sun and days spent on deck of a warship, moved with the assuredness of a fighting man, hardened by conflict and the reality of war. The fencing sabre, so much lighter than his infantry-pattern sword, danced in his hand as he assailed his opponent. He smiled as they fought – his time in Egypt had been brutal and bloody, nothing sporting about the actions in Cairo and Alexandria – and it felt good to practice swordplay with a man who’s eyes he could look into and know there would be no numbing finality at the close of business. 
His heart sang to be alive and home in the company of friends.
That said, he was losing. 
James Dalton, pale from hours spent in study, was breathing hard. A sheen of sweat on his brow from attack and riposte, parry and counter-thrust. He had landed seven strikes, and Hale, the professional soldier, had taken the defeats with good grace but hadn’t allowed the match to end. 
The competition opened something in Dalton, an obligation, determined and insistent – and he ignored the weariness, the need to stop and rest, driving his blade through his rival’s defence to land a whipping cut on his chest.
‘By God, bookworm – that was well grounded.’ Hale lowered his weapon and rubbed a growing weal under his shirt. 
Dalton lowered his sabre and breathed deeply. The darkness lifted as he saw his friend rubbing his chest, ruefully. 
Too far – again. 
‘Milton, forgive me. I had no intention of such an unsporting attack, I’m a little out of puff,’ he pushed his mess of brown hair from his eyes with a shirt sleeve. ‘I’m afraid I lost concentration.’
‘James, there is no need to apologise. Sport is akin to combat and fencing doubly so. There should be little quarter given within the rules – magnanimous in victory, ferocious in attack, just as I tell my men,’ backing to the end of the strip, he raised his blade. ‘However, wars are rarely won in single battles, they are made of attrition.’ 
Dalton shook his head and raised his blade. Hale was smiling at him as he took a breath and sighed it out, feeling the heaviness in his sword-arm. ‘En garde.’
‘So, are you just as prepared for an assault by Miss Martindale at Lady Kendal’s soiree?’
‘I – what?’
‘Allez!’ Hale struck with a lightning thrust that found it’s way past Dalton’s defence and it was by an inch he avoided a touch. Hale came again while he tried to parry the soldier’s blade – whipping through his defence to take Dalton directly over the heart.
‘Touche, I believe.’ Hale was grinning, the buttoned point of his weapon pressing firmly against Dalton’s chest. 
His mouth fell open to protest. Though the chance would never be taken. 
‘Mr. Dalton!’ 
They turned, finding themselves under the baleful glare of Dalton’s imposing housekeeper – formidably stern, despite her waspish appearance. She held a stack of freshly laundered linen and her face was visibly reddening.
‘Mrs. Grant,’ Dalton lowered his sabre, colouring. ‘My apologies, I – that is, myself and Captain Hale—’
‘I can scarce believe what I am seeing,’ she placed the linen on Dalton’s desk as the tirade grew. ‘Never in my years have I known a gentleman, particularly one so respected, carrying on in such a manner – in your own study, by God. What on Earth were you thinking?’
Dalton gaped at her, holding his steel awkwardly. Hale watched, leaning against the bookcase with arms folded and a quizzical expression. ‘Mrs. Grant, Captain Hale and I are old friends who have not—’
‘I mean to say, what if this sort of – activity – ill-befitting a gentleman of your rank, were to become common knowledge about the faculty?’
‘Mrs. Grant, you are quite correct—’
‘You have standards to maintain – standards as a man of science. You have prospects. Prospects, Mr. Dalton.’ He risked a sidelong glance at Hale who inclined his head and raised an eyebrow – no assistance there – and he raised his eyes heavenward while she continued. ‘Not to mention the risk of damage to your instruments. Why, there must be thousands of pounds of books and materials within your study – thousands, Mr. Dalton.’
Milton’s infuriatingly amused expression was in the corner of his eye. It was time to end this. ‘Mrs. Grant!’
He hadn’t meant to sound so firm, and her expression changed from indignation to shock, but this was still his study and he was still a research fellow of St Thomas’. ‘You are quite correct, this activity ill-befits my station, but Captain Hale is recently returned from the war in Egypt,’ that earned him an approving ease. ‘We are old friends. My joy at seeing him alive and well overwhelmed my better judgement and we engaged in a, shall we say, boyish habit of old,’ she opened her mouth but was interrupted. ‘Your good sense, however, has brought me to my senses. It would be better if myself and the good captain were to adjourn to the bar for a quiet reminiscing. And I know that you, being a lady of profound good sense, will exercise your discretion in this matter.’
Hale was clapping silently behind.
‘Well, of course I have never been one to indulge in idle gossip, a pastime that ill-befits my station, Mr. Dalton, but—’
‘Wonderful, Mrs. Grant. I knew I could rely on you,’ Dalton was about to place a placating hand on her shoulder but thought better of it. ‘Without you, I would not have achieved half so much. You are the bedrock of my career.’
Hale detached himself from the bookcase and picked up his jacket and effects before nodding towards the door as she had the last word. ‘Of course, I do what I can in my own way, sir, but you must respect your station, do you see?’ Dalton nodded dutifully. ‘These frivolous shenanigans must be curtailed.’
He set down his sabre and lifted his jacket. ‘Thank you, Mrs. Grant – you have been a rock to cling to when my good sense has failed me. Please leave the study and I will tidy it the moment I return.’
He stepped through the door, leaving his mollified housekeeper, and into the corridor where he joined Hale in a hasty march toward the stairwell. They said nothing, the tapping of Hale’s boots and Dalton’s shoes the only sound in the deserted hallway – portraits of stern-faced and sober-looking faculty members glaring from the walls as they passed. Hale’s smirk threatened to overwhelm him, and at an unannounced signal, they started to run, making the stairwell and taking the stairs two at a time. Hale snorted and giggled and broke into a fit of laughter, reaching the ground floor and leaning on Dalton while bemused medical students eyed the strange pairing of infantry officer and physician, bent double in undignified mirth. 
The moment passed. Hale buttoned up his red jacket, the high collar returning a respectable appearance as Dalton did the same. ‘God, it’s good to see you again, James.’
Dalton grinned. ‘I have missed you, old friend. The bar?’
‘Need you ask?’ Hale fixed the scabbard at his waist before turning his gaze to the windows of Dalton’s study. 
Mrs. Grant’s shadow was moving fussily within. ‘I believe there is a lesson here for both of us,’
‘What would that be?’
Hale pulled his shako on, his stare severe under the peak. ‘Bachelorhood – as attractive and fair a prospect as any maiden. Lead the way, bookworm. Perhaps there is one contest I might have the better of you.’

They took a table by a window overlooking the courtyard, a steward leaving the bar to take Hale’s shako and sword. Relaxing into comfortable wingbacks, Hale delved into a pocket and tossed a heavy pouch onto the tabletop. 
‘I thought your purse had suffered, what was it, “Severe damage?”’ 
Hale raised his hand to catch the steward’s attention. ‘Not mine. Took it from a frog major at Alexandria. Had a devil of a time changing the currency – the locals in Cairo do love to barter.’ 
Dalton’s expression clouded at the thought of how Hale had come by the windfall. Hale read his thoughts. ‘Felt he owed it to me. Lost some good men that day.’ 
Staring at the lamplight, a memory, indistinct through time, came to Dalton, of boarding transports at Tilbury, picking his way among the dead and dying and the stink of corruption – selecting who might live and was worth his care. Of setting to work with laudanum and tools, saws and knives, and the screams and cries as he plied his trade, bringing men from the brink of death while offering comfort to those he could do nothing for. 
War was a necessary evil and all he could do was mitigate its excesses. ‘I think, my particular friend, that a glass of scotch wouldn’t go amiss.’
‘I quite agree, bookworm. Whisky for you, brandy for me.’ Dalton raised an eyebrow. ‘Not the only thing I picked up from the French. Can’t beat a drop to put some colour in your cheeks.’ He caught the attendant’s eye and the man hurried over.
‘Would you be so kind as to add the gentlemen’s drinks to my bill?’
Turning, they found Sir Stephen Bachelor, leaning two-handed on his silver-topped cane, and rose together. 
‘Sir Stephen – good to see you. Might I introduce my friend and officer of the First Regiment of Foot, Captain Milton Hale,’ turning to his friend, Dalton continued. ‘Captain Hale, I have the honour to present Sir Stephen Bachelor, governor and senior lecturer here at St Thomas’.’
Bachelor took Hale’s hand. ‘A pleasure, captain. By the look of you I would say you are back from the Mediterranean, yes?’ 
‘Indeed, sir. I disembarked one week ago and have been looking up old friends during my liberty.’ 
‘Fine work in Egypt, Captain Hale,’ he eyed Dalton, speaking from the corner of his mouth. ‘Has he thrashed you at fencing yet?’
Dalton rolled his eyes as Hale laughed. ‘Indeed he has. Mr. Dalton has an eye for an opponent with steel I have rarely come across in years of soldiering.’ 
Dalton tried not to blush. ‘Have you time for a quick glass, Sir Stephen?’
The steward returned with their drinks and placed coasters fussily, looking to Bachelor as he eased himself into a chair. ‘Just iced water for me, if you please.’ The attendant disappeared as Hale stared. ‘Gout, Captain Hale. I need to avoid the hard stuff. Well now, this is pleasant, a moment with my former student and his military friend. What stories shall we entertain ourselves with? Captain Hale can regale us with bloody tales from the battlefield and young Dalton can advance medicine’s cause on how he would treat the fallen.’ 
They shared a glance. 
‘I am of course teasing, gentlemen. Let us discuss Lady Kendal’s upcoming ball and the company of charming ladies.’
Hale’s face split into a grin and he banged his palm on the table at the moment the steward returned, an elderly professor tutting disapprovingly as another started, woken from a doze. Hale caught the barman’s glare and brushed imaginary dust from the tabletop. The man put down Bachelor’s glass and disappearing in a huff. Dalton nodded at the affronted professor who went back to his newspaper while the other settled back and closed his eyes. ‘Don’t worry about them,’ said Bachelor. ‘Give a man tenure and he acts like he’s cousin to royalty. Will we have the pleasure of your company at Lady Kendal’s social, Captain Hale? Dalton and I will be going as eligible members of the medical fraternity.’ He winked at Dalton, who shook his head wearily. 
‘Indeed. I have been invited by Lady Kendal, having served under her late husband in the first coalition. I was hoping to take carriage with James.’ Hale sipped brandy and eyed Bachelor. ‘Eligible, Sir Stephen?’
‘A poor jest, captain. I am a widower myself.’ 
Hale put down his glass. ‘I beg your pardon, sir. I did not know.’
‘Nor should you. Life is what it is, nothing more. Those of us who have lost loved ones hold a certain solidarity,’ he stared at Hale. ‘As those of us who have lost friends on the battlefield, eh?’
There was a firm pause. ‘That there is, Sir Stephen.’
Dalton drained his glass, the reunion was in danger of becoming maudlin. ‘Would you care to take carriage with us to Lady Kendal’s, Sir Stephen? I’m sure myself and Captain Hale can find room.’
‘Ah, that is kind of you, young Dalton, but I have just had word from the good lady herself – my carriage is promised to another.’ 
Dalton sat up as Bachelor waved away his interest. ‘Don’t be concerned, James, I know how proper you can be. Lady Grace has asked me to provide transport to an acquaintance of hers, lately arrived in the city and knowing few people.’
‘Really? A new acquaintance and already invited to one of her exclusive socials?’
‘From her note, she seems rather taken with her. A widow, of sober erudition and impressive learning.’
Hale groaned. ‘A tedious Bluestocking. Sounds right up your street, James.’
‘Well, so you would think, Captain Hale. However this young lady presents herself, though, I must point out that James only has eyes for the lovely Joanna Martindale.’
Dalton closed his eyes. Not this again.
Hale was chuckling. ‘Sir Stephen, you are quite right – James never stops talking about the lady. Only this afternoon it was all I could do to get him to snap out of his reverie.’
Dalton shook his head as another drink arrived. ‘I think, having returned safely from the Mediterranean, it is time Captain Hale regaled us with his adventures in Egypt.’
Hale swirled the spirit in his glass, passing it under his nose. ‘Well, if you insist—’
‘For the love of God, yes!’ 
Hale took a moment before clearing his throat, beginning with the capture of Cairo, and the siege of Alexandria. 
They stayed quiet, listening as the soldier recalled his time in the east – a shared solidarity between those who saw life at its limits – while evening gave way to night.



Chapter 8



Hooke waited in the shadow of a doorway facing St Saviour’s church, the light of lancet windows a welcome draw to the faithful. He’d lifted the pocket watch from his waistcoat minutes earlier, the cigar-glow reflected in the scratched face telling him it was a minute to midnight. Pocketing the watch, the last of the cigar was ground under his boot and he crossed the rutted street without enthusiasm.
An iron ring turned under his hand and the oak door opened to the vault of the former priory. Rows of candlesticks lined the nave, throwing dancing shadows on walls surmounted by stained glass. A chorale rehearsed in the sanctuary. Most of the pews were vacant, he could see as his eyes adjusted to the gloom, before catching sight of a hooded shadow sitting by a far wall. 
Removing his hat, Jacob Hooke – notorious within the London underworld – shuffled into the shadows and sat. The church wasn’t cold and he had a cloak and jacket, but still, he felt a touch of unease. Every man needed a share of humility, though he found it hard to reconcile the thought with the faceless figure beside him. The hooded shape neither moved nor spoke, and the silence, despite the choir, was dismal.
Like all Englishmen, he knew his Bible and knew what the good book said was in store for him. 
Everyone answered to someone, and at this moment he answered to the man beside him.
‘It is very beautiful.’ 
The voice was soft, cultivated. ‘Is it not, Jacob?’ 
The shrouded face fixed on the chorale. Hooke followed the unseen gaze. ‘I suppose.’
The moment grew. ‘Surely, Jacob, you appreciate the beauty of God’s imminence?’
He rubbed his chin through the mass of beard. There was beauty here, no doubt – only the crudest, most unimaginative mind would not find it pleasing – admirable, even. But there was also judgment. He made his life through crime and trespass, and so he brought suffering. It was just business, an occupational hazard for those who got in his way and the power of justice to avoid by turn. The only beauty he wanted was his woman’s body and a bottle of spirit. ‘It’s a little soft for my taste.’
A chuckle issued from the dark figure and Hooke couldn’t tell if the faceless man was genuinely amused. Those who made sport of him were usually made to regret it, but his benefactor moved in positions of influence and interests that Hooke couldn’t match. Crossing him led to the kind of ends that Hooke had overseen himself. ‘Perhaps it’s for the best that you do not see the beauty here, after all, the hard realities of the life we make are yours to bear. The nuances are mine to know.’ There was a pause, and Hooke felt his scrutiny in the flickering candlelight. ‘And exploit.’
‘Did you wish to talk about music and candles?’
‘All business as ever, eh, Jacob? I must say it’s refreshing to deal with someone who has no other agenda.’ The voice became earnest. ‘So, our frame, our “to-do list.” How do we progress within the Limehouse wharves and our oriental clientele?’
‘Opium has been seized at the docks. The chinkas have a fierce love of the stuff.’
‘“Chinkas”, Jacob? A vulgar term for a sophisticated people – after all, are we not all God’s children?’
‘I thought man was made in God’s image. Seems to me he’d be having a particular bad day if he looked in the mirror and saw an oriental staring back.’
Stilted laughter issued from the hood. ‘My, my – savage though it may be perhaps you do have a shred of wit.’ The voice softened. ‘How do we fare with the Tilbury dock custodian?’
‘He asks to be paid double to continue turning a blind eye.’
‘Blind both his eyes and cut out his tongue.’
Hooke paused. ‘As you wish.’
‘There will be no recriminations against us, no credible witness to speak of what he has seen and an example will have been made. What other business?’
‘The problem with the resurrectionist has been settled.’
‘There will be no ties to us?’
‘No. He has become part of the anatomists repertoire.’
‘Imaginative. His family?’
‘Has been cared for and given money to start afresh in another parish.’
The hood nodded – barely. Hooke felt the scrutiny lessen. ‘You have surpassed yourself, Jacob. If only I had as much faith in the rest of my flock.’
‘We could end the trouble at its source. Sir Stephen Bachelor himself ordered the investigation. I could—’
‘No.’ The voice became hard and Hooke felt the man’s displeasure. He shifted in his seat, letting his cloak open a touch and placing his blades in reach. ‘Bachelor is popular and powerful. His departure would attract too much attention. We can ill afford such scrutiny.’
Hooke let himself relax. ‘As you wish.’
‘Bachelor will make a plea to parliament in opposition of the Resurrection Men. There will be a prepared document – a testimony outlying the medical institute’s evidence. Find it and bring it to me.’
He nodded, staring at shadows.
‘Well, Jacob, if that is all then I believe we have concluded our business. I must say, I do enjoy our little chats – so much more direct than the sermons steeped in metaphor and allegory this place is witness to.’
With some relief, Hooke realised it was time to leave, and stood. 
‘Jacob?’
He placed his hat over his scarred head and pulled down the brim, shadowing his eyes as he turned to the faceless figure. 
‘You have nothing to fear in my presence. Do not ever think that you would need to defend yourself against me.’
‘Your meaning?’
From within the recesses of the nave, unlit by candlelight, the darkness shifted. Hooke perceived a great shadow – bigger even than he – a figure that until now had remained unseen. 
He swallowed – the sweat was at his back once more.
‘If, however, you should make to draw your blade against me, you will become part of this city’s history before you are aware of it. Your monies are in the vestry, with a substantial increase for your initiative.’
The darkness shifted, and the unseen sentinel receded into the shadows. Hooke’s mouth was dry with fury. ‘You are very kind, sir.’
Next time he would bring a pistol. 
The hooded figure lifted it’s shrouded face to a lancet window, rising above the altar, depicting the haloed messiah. 
‘I am the light of the world, Jacob.’



Chapter 9



Dalton opened the carriage door to a cool evening and a setting sun, stepping down onto a gravel drive. 
Grace Kendal’s tastes limited her estate to avenues of trees and water-features, spanned by arcadian bridges – a simple, rustic charm, lacking the ostentatious splendour favoured by most of the London elite. There were no statues, no edificial folly breaking the skyline, just a natural allure that Dalton had once said ‘soothed the soul and welcomed the heart,’ winning Grace’s admiration in a moment. 
A crunch of gravel and a hand on his shoulder broke the reverie. ‘Eyes front, bookworm. We have a duty as engaging guests to fulfil.’ Hale had leapt from the carriage, turned-out in scarlet dress uniform, sword at his waist, knee-length breeches in place of trews and dress-shoes polished to a mirror shine – the very ideal of martial grandeur. 
And he knew it. He held his shako at his side and a predatory smile on his face. Dalton was cheered by his friend’s certainty; the soldier moved easily in diverse circles and he wondered at his ability to do so. 
Although death being a persistent career hazard probably had something to do with it. ‘What do you say, old friend? Will the ladies be swooning as we make our entrance? You, the dashing physician, and me, the gallant soldier returned from heroic duty in far-off lands?’
‘I daresay you will set a dozen hearts a-flutter.’ Dalton ran a finger around his shirt collar and pushed his disorderly hair back. ‘Just help me avoid resolute young ladies.’ Hale squinted at his friend. ‘I have no desire to settle down and marry, Milton.’
‘Who said anything about marriage? We’re here to have fun, James – make merry and break a few hearts, eh?’
‘Easy to say when one is not constrained by circumstance. You have the excuse of regimental duties to make yourself scarce.’ 
Hale’s hand went to his heart. ‘James, I don’t know where you get these ideas. Though I do believe you have hit on an acceptable defence for the vulgar behaviour of some members of my regiment.’
‘Not you, though?’
‘Never I, James, for I represent the principal values of the British army – an officer of fearless aspect, chivalrous and selfless and always ready to put the needs of his men first.’
‘You left out your unbounded humility.’
Hale grinned at him. ‘All right, sawbones, I’ll distract the lovely Miss Martindale while you make conversation with Sir Stephen’s tedious widow when she arrives.’
Dalton stopped at the bottom of the steps. ‘Damn, I’d forgotten about her.’
Hale grabbed his friend’s arm and led him up. They were greeted by a servant and ushered into a brightly lit entrance. ‘Once more unto the breach, dear friend. Where can we get a drink?’

The cracksman, anonymous in hooded black garb, ran headlong about the corner and into the half-empty street before him, aiming deeper into the rookery. The London streets were growing dark and narrow, where watchmen and constables would think twice before following. His heart was pounding and his chest burned as he sought to outrun his pursuers in the encroaching night, the filthy streets marking his passing. He could hear the cries of the hunters as they sought to cut him off and he quickened his pace. 
‘Fleet,’ he was called. And though his legs seared with the effort, he began to outpace his pursuers.
A door opened before him and he caught a tavern-girl with his shoulder, sending the tub of slops she was carrying bursting onto the footpath and earning him a stream of foul-mouthed abuse as he ran on. The cries of pursuit were fading as he pulled up at the junction of Mill Street and Rotherhide, catching his breath and drawing back his hood, heaving in cool night air. 
Calming himself, he listened for the voices of the watchmen and the constable. It was damned bad luck they’d caught sight of him exiting the house on the riverbank, the forced window hidden in shadows of nearby warehouses. His problems had begun after dropping into the shrubs below. A stray dog, surprised by the cracksman’s sudden presence, watched from a tree-lined avenue. Only it wasn’t a stray, the owner turning into view and calling for the terrier’s return – a moment’s silence and understanding – then pandemonium as Fleet bolted from cover, shouldering a sack of tools and purloined goods, the cry for his capture joined first by one voice and then another as he sought to lose himself in the maze of streets.
Speed was his ally, as it had been when he worked as a runner between St James’s Gate and the warehouses along the River Liffey back in Ireland, his expeditious comings and goings keeping him lean and quick and earning him his nickname, even as his exchanges gave him access to Dublin’s commerce. In the end, temptation had got the better of him, and he lifted a small fortune in valuables over a quick span – time that had caught up with him and found him facing the hangman. 
Opportunism wasn’t limited to petty theft, however, and he had slipped his bonds, evaded pursuit and stowed away on a merchantman bound for London, finding rich pickings in the parish of Southwark and anonymity in the rookery of Jacob’s Island.
Learning from past mistakes.
He was grinning in the darkness. Discovery was an ever-present hazard and what anchored him to the life of a cracksman – a housebreaker – priding himself on finding his way into any property, recognising valuable goods and disappearing without harm to himself or another. To him, it was a competence that spoke of professionalism, a polished skill. 
Pulling up his hood, he put his face in shadow and peered round the corner, seeing no sign of pursuit in a sparse traffic of pedestrians and carters, no voices to speak of the chase.
‘Hey, there! He’s here!’
But then again, circumstances could change so quickly.
The cry came from behind. Foolish, really – the watchman might have taken him by surprise if he had kept his mouth shut, or maybe he simply lacked the nerve to take him alone. Whatever the reason, Fleet sprang from the darkness of the walls and across the street, even as the cry for capture was taken up once more.
‘Stop, thief!’ 
‘Arrest him!’
‘Murder!’
Now that was just rude. 
His boots pounded through the muck, leaving prints filled with horse piss and water. Not once had he resorted to violence to achieve his ends, never mind murder – there was no call for it, just wasn’t in his nature – and he felt the game taking a more serious turn. Rounding a bend, he skidded through mud from one side of the street to the other, took a rise of steps three at a time and headed off for the bridge at Folly Ditch, seeking to lose the hounds in the depths of Jacob’s Island.
The rising moon glittered the Neckinger’s waves – a tributary under the slum that spilled into the Thames. He followed it’s path, darting between the odd walker or staggering drunk who protested at his sudden approach, volleys of cursing following him as he neared the bridge – running faster, the thrill of evasion trumping near-capture. He could see the span over Folly Ditch, the distant tenements’ ill-lit windows rising above, and knew he was safe. Once across he would lose the watchmen in the rookery, find a flash-house to sell his wares and drink away the night’s profits with a bellyful of food for good measure.
‘Stop right there.’
Shit. 
He grabbed a rotten fence-post that splintered into matchwood as he pulled up, gasping as the constable he’d seen minutes earlier stepped out of the shadows and onto the bridge’s threshold. The watchmen rounded the corner of Mill Street and found him cornered, slowing to a walk, enjoying their moment and drawing tipstaffs with an all-too satisfied smirk.
Shit, shit, shit.
Fleet licked his lips as he sought for an escape, eyes peering into the gloom, face and body twisting back and forth. 
There was none. He might as well be back in Dublin under the hangman’s sway.
‘Give it up, lad – there’s nowhere to run. And me and the boys have had enough dashing about for one night.’ 
The constable’s tone was reasonable as he drew iron manacles to bind his wrists, and for a moment Fleet thought that surrendering would at least earn him a meal and a good night’s sleep rather than a beating from the two rough-looking watchmen coming up behind. Thrusting his hands into deep pockets, he lowered his face with a sigh.
‘Good lad. Hold up your hands and let’s have no more horseplay.’
But surrender really wasn’t his style.
Grinning inside the hood, he took his hands from his pockets and cast down a handful of clattering objects while crashing past the constable and scattering more at his feet. They reached for him as he dashed by but were confounded by the spiked metal pieces that stuck in their soles or pierced their boots, making them ludicrously immobile – staggering and falling in the filthy street – even as he reached the bridge and sprinted over the planks for the far side.
Pausing for breath, he leant on the rotten rail and drew back his hood, watching the enraged watchmen picking the caltrops from split and punctured boots. 
For a moment, he listened to their cursing and smiled, before turning away to melt into the warren of streets that made up Jacob’s Island.

‘Mr. James Dalton, surgeon and Fellow of the Royal Society, and his colleague, Captain Milton Hale of the First Regiment of Foot.’
Hale pouted as Lady Kendal’s steward announced their arrival. The ballroom was filling fast and they found themselves scrutinised by elegantly attired guests. ‘Your colleague? By the end of the night, you’ll be my second-in-command, James.’ Hale spoke under his breath as they gazed at the vision of Grace’s ballroom. Walls, adorned with portraiture, competed with mirrors for space, and the room was governed by a tiered chandelier, bolstered by sconce candles and lamps. They stood in an entrance of lamps and mirrors, and Dalton felt eyes on him. 
Joanna Martindale, dressed in ivory, smiled coyly from the fireplace, her companions whispering behind hands clothed in evening gloves, and raised a champagne flute to him.
‘I think you’ve been tumbled, James.’ Hale was smiling sympathetically. There was a polite but impatient cough from behind as a grey-haired peer and his wife waited for them to move. Dalton stood aside, unwilling to go further as Hale scooped three champagne flutes from the plate of a passing servant. ‘Here you go, old boy. Dutch courage.’ 
Dalton took the flute gratefully. ‘The other glass?’
‘I need first crack to loosen myself up.’ Downing the champagne and earning a reproving stare from the older guests, he returned the glass to the servant’s platter and started on the second. Dalton tried to find someone else to feign interest with.
‘James, so wonderful to see you.’ 
He turned to find the lady of the house looking sublime, a silk-gloved hand held towards him. Bowing, he put his lips to her fingers. ‘Lady Grace, always delightful to see you. You look as beguiling as ever.’
The moment persisted, Dalton’s eye catching Hale’s, who gaped at him, and he unceremoniously dropped Grace’s hand. ‘Mr. Dalton, it comes as no surprise that many a young lady’s heart flutters at your arrival. You really are quite charming when you apply yourself.’ Grace placed a hand at her heart and fanned herself.
‘Well, I—’
She leaned close, a hand on his shoulder. ‘Courage, James. You are welcomed by all.’
He felt a shiver as she leaned back, smiling. ‘And Captain Hale,’ Milton bowed low before coming to attention. ‘We must have a talk later, sir. It has been too long since I had an anecdote from a man of my late husband’s regiment.’
‘Your devoted servant, ma’am.’ 
Hale lowered his eyes as Grace swept by, intent on another guest. ‘Enjoy the evening, gentlemen. It is good to see you here.’
They watched her, mingling with new arrivals, and Hale shook his head. ‘“You look as beguiling as ever”? You’re quite the dark horse, aren’t you, bookworm?’
Dalton flushed and took a drink from his glass. ‘Shut up, Milton.’

Nobody marked his passing as his eyes darted about the narrow street, even as he drew back his hood and entered the Draught Horse – a ‘flash-house’ that served as both tavern and hospitality for those who lived on the fringes of society. The taproom was filled with smoke and warmth, a flickering light from candles set on yellow walls and tables, while a low ceiling, stained with water, made the taproom intimate rather than oppressive. Fleet scratched a chin that hadn’t felt the touch of a razor for days. McGregor caught his eye from the bar, lifting his jaw in recognition. The taproom wasn’t crowded and those present huddled close, nursing tankards and smoking from clay pipes as they watched with suspicious eyes as he strode by. 
Catching the eye of a pretty doxy, she flattered her gentleman, and he couldn’t resist bowing. ‘Good to see you, Sally. Keeping your standards as low as your petticoats, aye?’
The whore’s face fell, as did her client’s, rising from his seat. ‘You whey-faced bastard!’
Sally stood, placing her hands on his face and chest and speaking in silky tones, soothing him with promises of pleasure, even as she glared at the Irishman. Fleet raised his hands in apology as he walked away. ‘No affront to you, sir.’ 
Sally continued to glare as both she and her fellow sat, his anger cooled by her attention. A ghost of a smile flickered over her lips as Fleet winked at her. Leaning on the bar, the balding tavern-keep moved over and slid a glass of amber spirit towards the Irishman. ‘You upsetting my customers again, Leary?’ 
Fleet drained the glass and returned the man’s choleric gaze. ‘Leary, is it? My, we are formal tonight, Griorgarach,’ McGregor bridled at the gaelic use of his surname. Fleet shrugged the bag from his shoulders, delving within. ‘How about you take this off my hands?’ a silver snuff-box appeared before him as he watched the man’s eyes. ‘And I’ll take a bottle of uisce-beatha while we agree on a price. Irish, now – none of your highland shite.’
McGregor swiped away the item for a brief appraisal under the bar, his face a mask. Pocketing the stolen item, an unopened bottle of whisky appeared on the bar, even as Fleet tipped out the horns that filled out his pockets, the few remaining caltrops scattering among the stains. ‘“McGregor,” Leary. I’ll thank you to keep the language to a low ebb in here, aye?’ 
Fleet pushed the spiked weapons around the bar without returning his gaze, speaking quietly. ‘Nothing to feel shame for, Paisley. Sure, since the union we’re all one big happy family, eh? Might as well spread a little civilisation around these howling English bastards.’ His eyes widened at the sight of the bottle and he pulled the cork, spilling out a measure into the glass and lifting it to the candlelight. ‘Kilduggan. You’re a fine man, McGregor.’ Fleet’s green eyes were as cordial as the Scotsman’s were sullen, saluting him with the glass. ‘Will you be joining me?’
‘Just keep your mouth in trim, Leary – this place has a solemn reputation for a reason,’ McGregor leaned closer, ‘and we all have our interests in keeping it that way, y’ken?’
The Irishman held his gaze before giving up a smile. ‘Aye. I ken, Paisley.’
Satisfied, the tavern-keep moved to serve another as Fleet sipped from the glass, shivering as the spirit warmed him. He cast an eye across the tavern’s patrons, most of whom continued to speak in hushed tones, until his gaze found a solitary figure in a dark corner. She sat at a table and sipped from a wineglass – strange enough in such a rough place – but the sight of her was enough to fire his interest. A little older than he, her rowdy red hair made him wistful for his homeland. 
‘Hi, McGregor, the town-tabby by the window—?’ 
The tavern-keep was deep in conversation with another customer and Fleet found his gaze drawn back to the lone woman. Scooping the caltrops into his pocket, he drained his glass, picked up the bottle and bag and made his way over. 
‘Is this seat taken, madam?’ 
The woman paused, the glass halfway to her lips. She turned her eyes, green as his own, on him. The collar of her walking dress opened to a string of pearls above the neck and almost all her fingers wore a ring with a stone that to the Irishman’s practised eye appeared quality gems. 
He was warming from more than just the alcohol. ‘Well, that being the case, would you allow me the pleasure of your company?’ Scraping out a chair he waited for her reply. Still none came, and he sat beside her, placing the glass and bottle before him and dropping the sling bag at his feet. 
She regarded him coolly as she placed her glass on the table. ‘Might I have the privilege of your name, sir?’ 
It was clear she thought it far from a privilege. Fleet thought she sounded educated, an accent that hailed from north of the river. He refilled his glass and knocked back the spirit. ‘You might indeed, ma’am. Fleet is the name I go by, though Leary is my Sunday name.’ He was already pouring another measure, feeling reckless after evading the watchmen. ‘So tell me, why would a sweet-seasoned petticoat such as yourself be drinking alone in a fleatrap like this?’
‘“Fleet.” I believe I have heard you mentioned hereabouts, Mr. Leary.’ 
The candlelight caught the faceted gems at her fingers and Fleet grinned. ‘Comes as no surprise to me, ma’am. My reputation goes before me, I’m told.’ He sat back, casting his eyes about. McGregor was leaning on his fists at the bar, a look of disbelieving wonder in place of his usual sourness, and Fleet raised his glass in return.
‘Such a shame that mine does not go so far, Mr. Leary.’ Her glass returned to the table and she folded her arms, fixing him with a stare. From the corner of his eye, he saw McGregor shaking his head as he turned away, and now Sally – face twisted with fear – gazing at him while her client smirked insidiously.
Something wasn’t right here, and the instinct that kept him alive was piqued. Well, it had failed him on one or two occasions, but his instinct was dulled by whisky and vanity. ‘Might I have the honour of your name, madam?’
‘You may not, Mr. Leary. I await my consort and he would be displeased to find me in the company of such a rogue.’
‘Rogue? Well now, if that’s the worst that can be said of a fellow in this establishment then I’ll consider myself honoured – for sure, your swain is remiss in forsaking you in this verminous den.’
She leaned forward. ‘You have outstayed your welcome, Mr. Leary. I must insist you leave.’ 
‘Maybe I will, ma’am. Then again, maybe I’ll stay a moment longer,’ he poured another whisky and sunk it. ‘For the company is sure appealing.’
‘Very well, Mr. Leary; but my “swain” is quick-tempered and may not take kindly to your presence.’
‘I wouldn’t be too sure of that, ma’am, for my nature has often been described as winning,’ he grinned at her. ‘Do I win the pleasure of your name?’
‘You might ask my swain, Mr. Leary, a partner in this “verminous den.”’
Fleet’s face creased in a frown as a chair was pulled back and a presence joined them – an impression of towering shadow as the figure, clothed in black greatcoat and felt hat pulled across his brow, seated himself, the chair grating under his weight. Face hidden, he pulled leather gloves free, revealing thick hands that took her slim fingers and placed a bearded mouth to her hand. 
She released him as he sat back and lifted his eyes, a dead gaze finding Fleet’s, the scarred and guileful visage known only from hearsay and rumour.
‘Jesus, Mary and Joseph.’ 
Fleet cursed his brass conceit. The hangman held sway once more. 
‘Quite so, Mr. Leary. The name you so desired was Hooke.’ His eyes flickered back to the red-haired woman, who sat with a gleeful smile. 
‘May I introduce my husband, Jacob.’

A quartet had set up at the end of the ballroom, tuning their instruments with a scrape of bow on strings as conversations rose. Dalton was cornered by various dignitaries, mostly intent on congratulating him on his recent successes, and more challenging queries on the implications of his work from those of a clerical nature. And all the while he felt the scrutiny of Joanna Martindale and her friends, making conversations of their own as they circulated, their paths drawing inevitably near.
‘Just get it over with, James.’ 
Hale spoke from the corner of his mouth while simultaneously making inelegant conversation with a scandalously young wife of a lord, a conversation she seemed to be enjoying as the infantry officer regaled her with tales of action in the Mediterranean. Dalton did a double-take as she fanned herself – blushing at Hale’s heroic fable. She was actually chewing a strand of hair as he spoke and Dalton saw her interest going further than mere narrative. ‘You’re going to have to talk to her at some point so get it done, have a drink and then you can enjoy the rest of the evening.’ Hale covered his mouth with his glass while his gaze stayed on the lady before him, lifting it in a toast. ‘Personally, my dear, I put a dozen frogs to the sword before we took Alexandria, though none of it could have been achieved without the valiant efforts of my men – the salt of the Earth, the indomitable British redcoat!’
A few cries of ‘Hear, hear!’ greeted his salute, many of the older members raising their glasses. The attentive young lady grinned and clapped as Hale became the centre of attention. Finishing his glass, he held up his hand for another. 
Provided by Grace Kendal herself, placing a flute between his fingers as she imposed herself between Hale and the object of his attention. ‘Well said indeed, Captain Hale. And I fear you are overdue in your commitment to me.’ Her gaze fell on the peer’s wife, who blanched under Grace’s stare. ‘As is your duty to your husband, my dear.’ 
The young woman made an awkward curtsey and lost herself in the throng, even as Grace took Hale’s arm. ‘Excuse me while I borrow Milton, James,’ she winked at Dalton as he watched his friend taken up like an errant schoolboy. ‘Please feel free to engage yourself with other guests. The ladies require the attention of a practical gentleman. Ah—’ 
She was diverted by the arrival of two more guests, the steward taking their invitations as they stepped over the threshold. Hale’s gaze followed hers, and the glass fell from his mouth – hanging open as he stared. Dalton sought the focus of their attention above the assembled guests.
His friend and mentor had arrived, accompanied by Grace’s dull widow. 
‘Sir Stephen Bachelor, Governor of St Thomas’ hospital. And his companion, Miss Evelida Grey.’ 
The announcer’s voice rang above the hubbub and many of the guests turned to acknowledge the newcomers. Dalton raised his glass in recognition of his old friend, smiling with a shade of relief at his arrival. 
And, even as Hale had, he found his hand falling at the sight of the figure beside him. 
She wore a gown of burgundy satin, arms cloaked in white. Her hair wreathed a pale face with ebon coils, framing full lips that held a knowing half-smile as she turned her head this way and that, her blue eyes searching the company.
‘Come, Milton. Let us greet our latecomers as benevolent hosts.’ Grace pulled Hale along with her, even as he took a sip of champagne, eyes intent on the newcomers while she raised a hand in greeting. Bachelor beamed as they approached, while the dark-haired woman smiled.
Though her eyes now fell on Dalton, standing in the centre of the ballroom, one among many, the smile easing as he felt the extent of her scrutiny – a recognition, a growing familiarity that saw his heart leap and had him swallowing through a mouth suddenly dry. Taking a sip from his glass he found himself unable to return her gaze.
Perhaps he would have a chat with Miss Martindale after all.

Hooke watched the Irishman in silence and Fleet felt his brashness fade. The gang chief’s reputation went way before him and to be in his presence was daunting enough, but to be caught exchanging pleasantries with his wife? 
He took his cue from the grim atmosphere and made to leave. ‘My sincere apologies for imposing upon you, dear lady, for it is clear that I am in grievous error. Please accept my remorse as a token of the esteem I hold you and your renowned gentleman in. I shall trouble you no longer.’
He had to admit, he could still blather with the best, and stood quickly, gathering up his effects. 
A hand like a sack of meat fell on his shoulder and sent him back down, a glance finding him gazing into the brutal face of a man larger even than Jacob Hooke, though the eyes that stared back held none of the gang chief’s guile – watching with a patient interest. Fleet looked back, distracted by the sight of two other men taking their seats – a squat, muscular fellow with an amused face and quick eyes who unbuttoned the lapels of his jacket, while the other – Jesus! – the fellow had removed a cloth cap to reveal a scabbed and balding pate of stringy locks, framing a broken face, exposing what was left of his teeth – a sibilant hissing of breath and the squirming tics of his limbs. 
A crawling chill settle on him as he sought ideas of escape. Hooke’s woman was watching gleefully, and he felt his options dwindling.
Nothing for it but to front it out and hope his nerve would hold. Turning what he hoped was a suitably contrite gaze on Jacob Hooke, he waited. Though not for long, for the man’s eyes turned to the whisky bottle and indicated the glass with a thick finger. Reckoning the man’s intent, Fleet filled the glass with a double measure before sliding it across the table. 
Hooke raised the glass and drained it, returning it to the table. ‘Your recklessness will see the end of you, Mr. Leary.’ 
His speech was deep but soft, and Fleet stayed quiet, hoping his silence would be taken for respect. ‘You might make amends by performing some small task on my behalf.’
Hope was mitigated by doubt. To be in thrall to Jacob Hooke was to become a member of the Crucible and all it’s intrigues, while Fleet retained a fierce independence – learned from birth and by the subjugation of his homeland that he was loath to surrender. An outright refusal, however, would most likely see him sent to the bottom of the river and made food for the eels. Survival was his priority. 
Well, it would be unless there happened to be a fair-faced maiden in the vicinity. ‘Sure, what would a poor, artless vagabond as I have to offer a great man such as yourself, Mr. Hooke?’
‘You are too modest, Mr. Leary, your reputation goes far before you, known as the venturesome cracksman of these parts.’ Fleet shrugged, a gesture of humility despite his vanity, though Hooke wasn’t done. ‘I require an item, a document, to be taken from the home of a prominent dignitary and delivered to me by nightfall next Sabbath eve.’
The noose tightened. Two days. Fleet licked his lips – two days was what he would give to casing a house before breaking in, following the comings and goings of the inhabitants, familiarising himself with the highways and byways to escape pursuit. 
‘I’m not sure—’
The double-click of a dog-head being drawn back made him start. A pistol, held by the giant behind him, appeared beside his ear with a stink of powder confirming it’s loaded state. ‘My apologies for sounding defeatist – to whom do you refer, sir?’
‘Sir Stephen Bachelor.’ 
‘Forgive my ignorance – who?’
Hooke reached over the table and refilled the glass, swirling the whisky. ‘Stephen Bachelor is the governor in tenure of St Thomas’ hospital in Southwark. His residence lies on the borders of Chelsea and Millbank and the item I require,’ Hooke drained the glass, ‘lies within.’
Prominent indeed. ‘And the document itself, sir?’
‘It is a plea to parliament, to the House of Commons, for resources to deal with the activities of the Resurrection Men south of the river.’
Fleet’s mind was working fast – the all-encompassing activities of the Crucible, the web of intrigue surrounding their movements, the institutions set against them – as a petty thief he had only himself to rely on and no-one to tie him to another. To set himself against a conspicuous member of the London elite was reckless, even for him. Bachelor probably had dogs, too – big buggers. They always had dogs, the nobility. 
This was turning into a really bad night. And to make matters worse Hooke had finished off the last of the Kilduggan.
‘I’m your man, sir.’ 
After all, what choice did he have?

‘James – delightful to see you!’ Dalton turned from making chit-chat with a titled matriarch to find a beaming Joanna Martindale standing before him, elegantly coiffured and showing no sign of the surprise she suggested. 
Unsurprising, really. In the moments he risked casting his gaze her way she’d been watching him in whispered conversation with her friends, shivering in spates of titters. Somehow he found his manners. Milton was right, best get it over with. ‘Miss Martindale, you look radiant this evening. And Charlotte and Victoria – why, there cannot be three lovelier ladies to bring joy to this occasion.’ Perhaps if he included her friends she would feel just the recipient of basic courtesy.
‘James, you are quite charming. Ladies, would you mind giving us a moment’s privacy? I’m sure Mr. Dalton would not object while we enjoy some polite conversation.’
Fat chance, then – the woman was implacable. Milton was nowhere to be seen, perhaps off chasing some empty-headed missy with overblown tales of heroism, leaving him to Joanna’s tender mercies. She took his arm without asking and turned a satisfied smirk on her friends, who lowered their eyes respectively.
Then raised them in surprise.
‘Mr. Dalton, isn’t it?’
He didn’t care who was addressing him or why, just as long as it provided a distraction from Joanna’s single-mindedness, though turning to see who greeted him found his problems growing. Doubly so. 
Her name – what was it, Grey? The patronymic was wholly inappropriate – her face was alabaster-white, curled and twisted with black hair, generous lips and eyes that spoke of timeless composure. He was dimly aware of Joanna’s arm tightening about his, though he no longer cared – social triviality could wait, the sounds of laughter and conversation, and the scraping of the quartet receding.
Say something, Dalton.
‘It is.’ He cleared his throat as his collar seemed to tighten and tried again. ‘Miss Grey, isn’t it? You arrived with my old friend, Sir Stephen?’
‘Quite so. And Miss Martindale and her companions. Ladies, it is with the greatest of pleasure I find you here.’
Dalton let his eyes fall from the striking young woman as Charlotte lowered an eager gaze; Victoria’s more subdued as Joanna’s grip on him intensified. ‘Miss Grey, Mr. Dalton and I are about a moment’s privacy. If you will—’
‘I will indeed, for I have no intention of imposing. If I might make a brief enquiry before you whisk the illustrious physician away?’
Joanna planted herself and waited for her to speak. She stared at Joanna with a hint of amusement and Dalton wondered why he couldn’t be so fearless. ‘Sir, might you explain your reasons for abandoning the study of blood?’
That was – different. 
‘I—’ he had to clear his throat again. ‘I believe I have taken the study of haematology as far as I can, dear lady.’ Joanna’s arm tightened on his but he continued anyway. ‘Human parasitism provides a much richer seam to explore and I can see no advantage in the misguided therapy of bloodletting.’
She was watching him as she turned away. ‘Interesting you should say so. You are quite wrong on that score, but please, don’t let me keep you.’
With that, she left, the gown matching the sweep of her hips as she returned to the throng. ‘Well, of all – that was disrespectful. It was rude.’ Victoria had spoken while Charlotte smiled. Joanna glared as she followed the dark-haired woman’s retreat. 
Dalton watched her leave in silence, even as Joanna led him away.
He felt his unease melting, bewilderment giving way to curiosity.

‘Is she really Mr. Hooke’s wife?’ 
Fleet spoke nervously. They were in a narrow alley at the side of the Draught Horse, where crumbling brickwork ran with mould and peeling bills. Two of Hooke’s men – the laconic giant who went by the name of Solomon, and the squat, muscular fellow called Dyer, with the easy smile and bright eyes that unnerved Fleet even more than his silent cohort – were with him.
‘Not in the slightest, Mr. Leary,’ Dyer snorted. ‘Cracked in the head, if you ask me – a runaway from a well-to-do family north of the river, a taste for laudanum and excess pulling her this way and that. She fell in with us a year ago and took a fancy to the chief, he in his turn taking a liking to her. Fancies herself as his common-law wife, she does. Though the chief would never entertain such a notion,’ Dyer turned to the Irishman with a bleak smile. ‘He’s just not the romantic sort, you see?’
Fleet felt the hammer-blow of Solomon’s punch in his back as a wave of agony sent him to his knees, even as the giant’s grasp hauled him to his feet and spun him into a second blow that caught him in his gut and folded him in two, falling to the cobbles and gasping like a landed fish.
Dyer sank on his haunches as the cracksman blew spittle from his mouth. ‘That doesn’t mean to say he doesn’t have certain standards to keep up. It’s a question of appearances, you see? He’ll probably tire of her and send her on her way soon enough, but until then it’s probably best if you don’t make any overtures to “Mrs. Hooke,” do you see, Leary?’
Fleet was in a foetal coil, shivering in pain and nausea. His eyes met Dyer’s and he managed a nod, though even that hurt – hurt more by the sudden voiding of his guts, whisky-stinking vomit falling from his mouth and pooling around Dyer’s boots.
‘Better out than in, eh, Leary?’ Dyer was grinning and patted the Irishman’s shoulder. ‘Get the chief’s little task done and all will be forgiven, he’s a decent enough fellow in that respect.’ Dyer rose as he and Solomon turned to leave, a final suggestion over his shoulder. ‘You never know, there might be a place for you with the Crucible.’
Fleet rolled onto his back and stared at the stars, the pain subsiding as he began to find breath.
Fucking wonderful.

The first dances were ending, allowing the participants a moment’s respite. Conversations were punctuated by laughter as the guests searched for refreshments.
One remained as subdued as ever, her white skin untouched by exertion, smiling as she lowered her eyes to her partner – commending her elegance on the ballroom with an admiring stare.
Those who weren’t dancing applauded, one couple, in particular, watching from the terrace. 
‘Quite a talented dancer, your dull widow.’ Bachelor spoke as he swallowed the last of his glass and motioned for another.
‘Impressive, isn’t she?’ Grace watched Eve slide between the company, lifting her glass here and there while making herself slender and moving towards the conservatory. ‘Poise and erudition I have never seen in one so young, and a matchless skill upon the ballroom floor.’ She found Bachelor watching her as she entered the conservatory. ‘Stephen, do I find you smitten by our young widow?’ Bachelor saw Grace smile at his discomfort, and she stifled a giggle. ‘Come now, Stephen. We are not so old that we cannot appreciate a member of the opposite sex. This is a night of entertainment – we might allow ourselves some indulgence, yes?’
Bachelor smiled, guiltily. ‘Perhaps. Though I find myself encumbered by status and the pain of loss.’
Grace’s face softened. ‘Then let us enjoy the contesting of romance from the vantages of height and wisdom. See now, Captain Hale seeks an audience with our young widow.’
Bachelor followed her gaze to pick out Hale’s scarlet jacket among the guests as he neared the conservatory. ‘I wouldn’t have thought that Captain Hale, though a devil with the ladies, would be a suitable match for the lovely Miss Grey.’
‘Nor I. Though he is persistent. Would a wager on a successful outcome interest you, Stephen?’
Bachelor grinned at her. ‘I will take that wager, my lady. Name your pledge.’

She stared out over Grace’s gardens, eyes filled with moonlight and breathing an air perfumed with blossoms and florets. A vision rose of the heavenly isolation of the gardens she had known in the orient – when the master of a mountain-temple had shown her some consideration, that she might yet have a place in the world – lost to time. But still, the oaks and beeches, the fading birdsong and hum of insects, mingled with the strings of the quartet, were a welcome distraction from London’s chaos. Here and there occasional guests, seeking relief from the warmth and clamour of the ballroom, chatted and walked among paths and rockeries, finding their way by flares lit by Grace’s household. 
She laid a hand clothed in silk on the door’s rail and closed her eyes, the discord of a hundred voices, of a hundred minds, receding. 
Finding peace in solitude.
His presence intruded on her before his arrival, an abundant gait befitting a man of action. A little awkward through champagne and past wounds.
‘Good evening, Captain Hale.’ She didn’t meet his eyes as he approached but felt his surprise, a shift in breathing against his swaggering approach. ‘Lady Kendal’s estate boasts some fine gardens, yes?’
He recovered his wits and leant beside her. ‘That it does, Miss Grey.’ 
Still they avoided each other’s eyes and she enjoyed his restraint. Despite his youth and an eagerness fuelled by alcohol, he carried a dash of subtlety, no doubt honed on a succession of women throughout his military service. She noted a tremor in his hand as he held his glass, a restraint going far beyond simple courtesy. Her eyes came to his jacket, the trappings and tailored repairs, and how he favoured one leg over the other.
His suffering grew in her mind.
Perhaps they could help one another. ‘Far different from distant Alexandria, captain?’ 
Hale’s smile faded. She turned to him and gazed into his eyes, challenging him. His smile returned, and he made a show of examining the gardens. ‘Well, I suppose.’ Hale brought his gaze back to hers. ‘How did—?’
‘Your regimental badge adorns your jacket,’ he lowered his eyes to the silver buttons as she went on. ‘That, and your sun-browned skin – the First were in at the breach, were they not?’ 
His eyes narrowed. ‘They were indeed. Tell me, are you always so well-informed?’
She moved closer. ‘I find people reveal themselves through actions far more than appearance, Captain Hale.’ She could feel his doubt and knew he found her challenge distasteful, even though he relished it. 
‘And what do you discern by my actions, Miss Grey?’
For a moment she stayed silent, letting the discord gather, searching his courage away from the battlefield. 
‘Drinking. Gambling.’ 
She raised her eyes to his, their lips separated by inches. ‘Womanising.’
Hale’s face lost the assured flair and he stood, bringing some distance. She swept away his first trace of hostility with a look of quiet concern, and he cleared his throat. ‘Well, a man needs some hobbies.’
She could see why he was popular, conceding his faults and yet standing his ground. Nevertheless, she required a service of him. 
She revealed to him his demons.
‘Miss Grey, I—’ 
Her hand came to his arm. ‘You have nothing to feel shame for, captain.’
‘I – what?’ 
She gazed into his eyes while speaking of images she knew only too well. ‘Bodies – six or seven deep, the smell of spilt blood and ordure like sour metal on the air.’ 
He drew back as she went on. ‘Uniforms so stained with gore that your own men became indistinguishable from the enemy – the wax-pallor of their faces in spite of the African sun.’ 
He was staring at her now, the horror of remembering taking the last of his intent. She assailed him with memories of her own past. ‘And the light going out of their eyes as the numberless flies settled to feast.’
He tried to step back but she wouldn’t let him, not yet. She could hear the pounding of his heart, taste the dryness in his mouth, and put an end to his ordeal. ‘You need feel no shame at surviving where others fell, Milton. To forgive is divine.’ 
He was shaking his head, the bitterness in his eyes returning, and she let his arm slip from her grasp. ‘Forgive yourself, Milton. Leave your ruinous activities and train your men well – in you they look for salvation.’
He was turning away, straightening his jacket, a sullen glance back at her. ‘You know nothing of what you speak, Miss Grey.’
She watched him depart.
‘We will speak again, Captain Hale.’

The key entered the lock on the third attempt, Fleet’s hands shaking like a drunk, and he fell through the door, dragging himself up before going to the floor once more. He took a deep breath and immediately regretted it, the sourness building in his guts. Placing his hands on the wall’s crumbling plaster, he doubled over to retch nothing but vinegary drool. Tears ran from his eyes as he spat onto a brick floor. 
How many times would his body go through this before it realised there was nothing left to come up? 
The pain eased, and he pushed the door shut with his foot. He tried to put the key in the door, to lock it behind him, but exhaustion and his watery eyes were against him, and he settled for sagging against the wall, sloughing the bag from his shoulder.
At least they left him with his merchandise.
‘Fleet?’
A soft voice and a soft light coming from above – a candle – and he shielded his eyes as the figure came closer, the stairs creaking under her feet.
‘Thought you were entertaining, Sally?’
‘I was. I hadn’t the stomach for it after I saw what you were about.’ She came close, bringing the candle near, and the tallow stink made him want to retch again. ‘What did they do to you?’
Her concern was touching – too touching by far. ‘Nothing much, just a hint at discretion in future.’
‘Don’t moonshine me, Fleet. No-one earns Jacob Hooke’s ire without regretting it.’
‘That, I am beginning to learn.’
‘Then learn faster!’ She slapped his side, more out of concern, but still he hissed away the pain as he shrank from her. ‘Dear Christ, Michael – are you terribly hurt?’
‘Not as much as your disappointment, Sally.’ 
He tried to wink at her in the candlelight, though it came as a grimace, and her sharpness lessened. ‘Here, then – let me help you to your lodgings.’ 
Passing her arm about him, she let him lean on her, taking each step at a time and making for the attic room he kept above the brothel. ‘People will talk. You have your reputation to think of, Sally.’
She grinned, a scarred and pretty face vibrant in the candlelight. ‘I’m saving my reputation for another life, Michael. Perhaps you should save your life for another reputation?’
He paused to look at her, then resumed the ascent, leaning on her for support. ‘I don’t even know what that means.’

‘I owe you a guinea, Stephen.’ Grace spoke as Bachelor watched Hale retreat, heading for the patio while relieving a passing retainer of a champagne glass. ‘I think the gallant captain has met his match.’ 
Bachelor watched as Hale passed James Dalton, a look of concern as he called to the soldier, detaching himself from Joanna’s clasp with a mumbled apology, a step or two in his friend’s wake and then halting with a thoughtful look. Turning, he found himself again under the gaze of Evelida Grey. She turned away, moving to the conservatory. 
‘The game’s afoot, Stephen. My dull widow sets her designs and your protege finds himself drawn.’
Bachelor snorted. ‘James? Nothing of the sort, he seeks only the reason for his friend’s displeasure. Our anatomist is in thrall to his employment, it is his passion and calling – nothing and no-one could distract him from his art.’
She lifted the glass to her lips. ‘Would you give a lady a chance to win her money back?’

Sally saw him to his room and left after lighting a lamp, a final look of concern that he found quite appealing, but the weariness was too much, and he lowered himself onto his bed with a sigh. The linen was clean and fresh, pilfered from the washing lines of the gentry on Bermondsey’s borders. Better he help himself to good linen than the lice-ridden bedclothes the girls working downstairs had to shake out or burn mites from day after day with candles.
There was a trunk beneath his bed – a lockbox for stolen goods and other effects – and he slid off the mattress, hauling the trunk clear with a wince of pain. The key turned in the oiled lock, the iron-bound lid opening without a creak as he fished inside for a whisky bottle and a vial wrapped in paper. Pulling the cork on the laudanum, he let the bitter tincture pass his lips, baulking as he swallowed it but knowing an easing warmth would follow. The whisky chaser blunted the bitterness and found him breathing easy, along with a nostalgia for the tap-houses on the banks of the Liffey. 
Home was home, and he was far from it.
‘Here’s to you, Mr. Hooke, and all the mad bastards you lord over,’ the glass was raised to the window overlooking Bermondsey’s rooftops – best room in the house! – no footsteps above and an easy escape down rope and ladder, should the need arise – and he sipped the whisky, feeling the pain ease. ‘Including me, reckless shite that I am.’
He was feeling himself once more, brashness making him smile. Pushing himself up, he hooked the bedpan out with his boot and unbuttoned his breeches. Yet again the glass was raised and he toasted his employer with a flourish, downing the spirit and wiping an arm across his mouth.
Two days? Sure, he’d have Hooke’s precious letter for him. And he’d have his own reputation dancing in the sky with it.
He grinned in the lamplight and looked down. He was pissing a stream of blood into the bedpan.
That couldn’t be good.

‘Sorry for disturbing you, miss, but my friend is discomfited and I would know why.’ Dalton watched her as he approached, staring beyond the conservatory windows, a fall of black hair against her white neck, and he waited. 
Her reply didn’t come, nor did she acknowledge him as she stared into the darkness, without a suggestion of breathing or the blink of an eye. ‘Could you help me, Miss—?’
She turned on him, her gaze filling his as her lips parted, speaking in honeyed warmth. ‘Help you, Mr. Dalton? A student of Galen? Of Vesalius and Hippocrates? Your expertise, built on the foundation of centuries – and you desire my help?’ 
He was gaping, trying to appear assured, despite the flattery. ‘But as for the good captain,’ she blinked and he was released. ‘He suffers unduly.’ 
He followed her gaze then returned his attention to her, though she was ready with an answer. ‘Not in body but in mind, in memory of war and bloodshed.’
‘He explained this to you?’ Dalton felt a pang of guilt. ‘He has not made such a claim to me.’
‘He is a proud man. He believes it is a weakness of character as a leader of men.’ She glanced back at him. ‘He is wrong.’
Milton, always conducting himself with casual temperament – it was difficult to imagine him suffering the torments of an afflicted mind. Dalton had been a physician of the body for so long, with little time for the ideas of those poor, benighted creatures confined to sanatoria. He caught her watching him. ‘Warfare erodes the souls of good men, Mr. Dalton. Captain Hale seeks to bury the past in wanton recklessness.’
‘You speak intimately regarding a subject that is the responsibility of men.’
She held his gaze before blinking and smiling sweetly. ‘I do, don’t I?’ The smile faded. ‘Though why men deploy those matters with such irresponsibility is a mystery, but thank you for recognising my take on the subject.’ 
Dalton felt he was being indulged, wanting to ask more, but she was already speaking. 
‘I can see why she likes you.’
His mouth fell open and she smiled. ‘We have strayed into matters too dark for this evening.’ Coming alongside, her arm slid between his as she led him through the conservatory’s doors. ‘Tell me, in all your researches, have you found any benefit for the host organism from an internal parasite?’
He was momentarily agog. She turned to him as they stopped, a strange light in her eyes. Her company was alien and charming, and he wondered that she should find his work so curious. For once he took a lady’s curiosity at face value. ‘You mirror my thoughts, Miss Grey – mankind has lived in unity with such entities across vast time, it seems absurd that there cannot be some mutual benefit.’
She led him into the gardens. ‘And how do such entities extract nourishment?’
He was finding this uplifting, a young lady intrigued by his work. ‘Well, being simplistic in nature it follows that their feeding is simple.’
‘Then they feed upon?’
A breath of wind settled a chill in him. ‘Blood.’
She smiled in the torchlight and he felt a first tinge of unease. The brilliant white of her teeth wasn’t helping. ‘Then let us discuss blood, Mr. Dalton.’ 
He felt himself turned by the firmness of her arm, a lonely path before them, where torches weren’t lit and the only illumination was the moon’s cold silver.
She led him into the night.

‘Vicky, have you seen James?’
Joanna’s words were hard, and Victoria turned to her companion. ‘Not I, Joanna. Charlotte? Have you seen Mr. Dalton?’
Charlotte had returned with champagne, halted by Joanna’s glare. ‘Not since he went to speak with Miss Grey. Why, talk of the Devil.’ She turned to the conservatory, Joanna and Victoria following her gaze, to find James Dalton deep in conversation with Evelida Grey.
‘They make for a handsome pair, do they not?’ Charlotte spoke absentmindedly, turning to find Joanna glaring at her and colouring under her stare. Dalton had his hands behind his back as the young widow stepped beside him, one or two heads turning in admiration as they passed. Joanna straightened and neared them. 
‘James, you are remiss.’
‘Miss Martindale?’
‘It is not seemly to be in company of a guest for so long, not when others desire your wit and wisdom.’
Dalton stood still, uncertain, and he shrugged. ‘Here I am.’ 
Joanna gave him a thin smile before turning to the woman beside him. ‘Miss Grey, you are a newcomer to our company and have such consideration, yet your appropriation of a fellow held dear by us is not to be borne.’ 
Eve said nothing, and stared. 
‘I – we – will overlook the matter this once,’ Joanna came nearer, gazing into her eyes as her voice lowered. ‘But only once.’
Still she said nothing. 
Joanna stayed silent. Dalton shook his head and turned, finding Sir Stephen Bachelor watching them. ‘James? I was about to ask if you would like to share a carriage? I am at my limits and feel the need for home. Care to join me?’
God, yes – anywhere but this maze of feminine statecraft. ‘Good of you, Sir Stephen, but I think I need another drink. I will take carriage with Milton when I can track him down.’
‘I think I saw him at Lady Kendal’s door, sinking one too many of his own.’
‘Then that is where I am about. I will bid you good night, should we find ourselves on our way. Ladies.’ Dalton nodded to the women who inclined politely, the briefest of smiles from Miss Grey while Joanna turned to say farewell.
Her eyes were red – bright with tears, and her voice stopped in her throat. 
What on Earth was happening here? 
He moved away, intent on finding Milton for some simple conversation.
‘I will accompany you, if you have no objection, Sir Stephen?’ said Eve.
Bachelor brightened, lifting an arm for her. ‘Not at all, my dear. I would be grateful for your company.’
Arm in arm, they left the company of ladies, Victoria and Charlotte bidding their farewells, even as Joanna’s jaw firmed under tearful eyes.

Bachelor’s carriage rocked over the gravel as they passed the avenue of flares, the venerable physician speaking gently. ‘My dear, if you wouldn’t mind, what was that exchange about?’
Eve moved with the carriage’s motion, eyes shadowed by her hat. ‘An irrelevancy. I spent too long in the company of your protege. Miss Martindale did not approve.’
‘Ah, a purposeful young woman. You would be wise to tread carefully about her.’
The light of the flares reflected in her shimmering eyes. She felt a contentment she had not known for a long time. ‘It is not the first time I have faced such resentment, Sir Stephen.’
She eyed the gentleman. He was smiling at her, a sincere warmth, but she yearned for her memories. ‘You look tired, sir.’ 
She matched his warmth with her words, and his eyelids fell, his head nodding. ‘You should sleep.’
‘God does not know me for his own.’
He became quiet, his head resting on his chest.
Sir Stephen. 
A knight – a name shared with another. Not the first time, nor the last, as in so many things.
‘There is no salvation here. More damnation than redemption.’
She watched the flares passing beyond the quarter-lights, the journey back to London lulling her, and her memory drifted to another time.
When killing in God’s name might redeem her soul. When resentment drove men mad with bloodlust.
The flame caught in her eyes. 



Chapter 10



Samuel Derleth, opposition member Southwark, took the floor beneath the great vault of Parliament and addressed the House. ‘Mr. Speaker, I can find no reason – none whatsoever, for the honourable gentleman’s opposition to miner’s safety in Newcastle’s coalfields.’ 
A firedamp explosion in a northern colliery had united the press and public in alarm, and calls for miner’s welfare throughout the land rang among those families who shared fellowship with the mining communities. ‘This nation, this empire, has been built on the labours of the pitman and his selfless dedication for poor reward over centuries – we owe the successful industrialisation and prosperity of our kingdom’s sovereignty to the very men who now lie dying in Newcastle’s hospitals.’
Bachelor watched from the upper gallery with a professional interest. His position as governor of Southwark’s hospitals made him a politician in his own right, necessitating contact with honourable, and less honourable, men of parliament.
Derleth paused – briefly, lest his stance pass into melodrama, and removed his spectacles. ‘Mr. Speaker, we owe such men of industry — men with families, whose diligence has led us to victories in the revolutionary wars with France – more than mere compassion. They are the fuel, the burning impetus that drives this great nation. At the very least we must assure them their safety.’
Cries of assent greeted Derleth’s motion as he took his seat on the bench, the speaker of the House indicating the mark of Derleth’s criticism, the member who stood against him. 
Adopting an assured stance, he hooked his thumbs into waistcoat pockets, a smile crossing his clean-shaven face. ‘Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Perhaps if the honourable gentleman can find no opposition for the extravagant proposals he suggests, he would allow me to do so for him.’
Bachelor watched the drama unfold – they were already booing him, trying to shout him down as the speaker called for order. Hyde White, member for Bermondsey and Southwark, let his eyes wander over the opposition benches, still with the same derisive smile, until making a show of opening his pocket watch with such arrogant nerve that it took the repeated striking of the speaker’s cane to bring the House to order.
‘Mr. Speaker, does the honourable gentleman suffer such a deficiency of memory that the revolutionary wars he speaks of, funded by measures made possible by the courage of my party, have left the nation reeling in want of finance from those nations that we, as a people, have saved from the horrors of republicanism?’
Derleth sat open-mouthed at White’s insult, while cries of ‘Shame!’ rang from the opposition benches and galleries.
White, it seemed, was just getting started.
‘Yes, we should recognise the diligence and labours of the men he speaks of. Yes, we should thank them for fuelling the industry that has brought us to victory upon the seas and battlefields of Europe. But first we must recognise our financial plight. This peace, though hard-won, is by no means certain.’
There was a pause, a quiet murmur over the cries of opposition. They all knew it – the First Consul of the French Republic, Napoleon himself – had met the treaty with contempt, and was already making and breaking alliances on the continent. It could only be a matter of time before hostilities were renewed – peace in Europe was ever fragile. The clouds of war grew dark.
‘Presumably, the honourable gentleman would prefer to see the country bankrupted by a wealth of measures implemented throughout the kingdom, brought about by the precedent of a single coalfield, than see us rearmed and ready for the next conflict all here know will come upon a bloody horizon.’
Bachelor’s eyes narrowed at the rhetoric. He had slept unusually well the night before, yet a sheen of perspiration formed on his brow, dabbing at it with a handkerchief as he watched the scene unfold. White’s supporters nodded from the front and back benches, arms folded and faces set in masks, while his detractors stood and gestured in reply. The ageing physician had witnessed similar dramas in the House, one party clamouring for reform while the other pleaded forbearance, both sides bolstering their arguments with theatrics that stirred the soul or wrinkled the nose. Reform would come, it was only a matter of time – time that few people had, that few people would see in their lifetimes. 
And for the families of those lying broken or dead in the north of England, it would never come.
‘Let us first look to the defence of the realm,’ said White, ‘better able to retain the pure and rightful sovereignty of this great nation against the conspiracies of tyrants – stirring against us in the decadent upheavals of the continent – before we seek to implement the measures my honourable opponent suggests. Then might we breathe a collective sigh as Britannia reigns supreme once more, a beacon of hope in a world in turmoil, and an example of enduring stoicism that will never falter and never see us under the yoke of republicanism.’
The House exploded under his bombast, his supporters ‘huzzahing’ and ‘hallooing’ in approval while Derleth stood to make himself heard. ‘And if we lose the heart of those men we depend upon, if the mines they toil in remain shattered and unworkable – what then? Tell me . . .’
They didn’t want to hear it. White wouldn’t sit, merely stood smiling and acknowledging the acclaim, dignified and regal – and not a little smug, to Bachelor’s mind.
He’d heard enough. There would be a break from the session in minutes and he needed to speak to Derleth on a matter of his own. Leaning heavily on his cane he made his way to the Chamber bar where he might find him. 
Perhaps he could present a horror that both parties could agree on.

‘Sir Stephen! Good to see you.’ Bachelor returned Derleth’s handshake and smiled, dismissing the implied friendship. Despite his reformist sincerity, he was still a politician, ready to make or break alliances as he saw fit. 
‘It’s been too long, Samuel. How are you?’
Derleth shrugged. ‘Ah, well the demands of the constituency, the pressures of opposition. I take it you witnessed my proposal for measures of safety in the north?’
Bachelor answered the steward’s approach with a request for port. ‘Indeed. Young White counters clear-headed insight with eloquent hyperbole, an image of Britannic majesty for the lightweights to applaud.’
Derleth’s glass paused, halfway to his lips. ‘Precisely. However, it is his duty to provide opposition, as is mine. Thus we achieve progress with due parity. I believe I will have my motion carried, though with some concessions.’ Bachelor didn’t need reminding of the workings of the House. No-one came here without personal interest. 
The steward returned with his drink while Derleth spoke. ‘So, what might I do for you, Sir Stephen?’
‘We seem to be acquiring one too many cadavers that cannot be accounted for by natural causes.’
‘Ah,’ Derleth laid his glass on the bar. ‘The activities of the Resurrection Men, yes?’
‘A foul euphemism for a loathsome activity. And now, in both mine and James Dalton’s opinions, one that has extended into murder.’
The term hung heavy against the civilisation of parliament. ‘You yourself have made a market for immorality, Sir Stephen.’
Bachelor sighed, staring at his glass. ‘My position demands I accept responsibility for ending this crime, so it is I come to you, Samuel. But you are quite right, we have provided too great a reward with too little discretion in obtaining the dead.’
‘I have no doubt that young Dalton’s suspicions are correct in this matter – there can hardly be a better endorsement than your own support. What alerted him to this villainy?’ said Derleth.
‘One after another the dead become younger and younger, not even taken from the grave and otherwise healthy – a pique to doubt in itself. No mark of injury nor disease have they shown, and often drowned to death.’
‘That in itself is not evidence of wrongdoing.’
‘Indeed. However, they are delivered to the hospital’s staff alone, with no-one to speak of them. And in the company of rough men who show no remorse for their passing, greedily accepting payment for delivery. So few of the dead are watermen or stevedores, having little sign of the ailments common to such men.’
‘Have you reported your suspicions to the magistrates?’
‘As you say, I have little evidence to lay before them. Grave-robbery in Southwark and the outlying parishes is well known, but with my engagements I have been careless in letting this evil multiply.’ 
‘Come, Sir Stephen. You have a multitude of responsibilities, you cannot shoulder them all. Delegation is the mark of governance, and thus you bend my ear – an ear with a mouth to be heard within these walls.’ 
Bachelor returned the politician’s smile, a burden lifted from his mind, and offered his hand. ‘Thank you, Samuel. Your service is much appreciated.’
‘Think nothing of it, it will be another unpalatable plate to lay before the opposition.’ He grinned over his glass. ‘That rascal White has put far too much fire in their bellies. Now I have something nearer at hand for them to worry about. Could you provide me with an account of your suspicions? The nature of the bodies arriving at the faculty, the notion of the men furnishing them?’
‘Of course. James Dalton is keen to nip this business in the bud. Shall we say a week from now?’
‘Capital. You will stay for another drink?’
Bachelor shook his head and stood with a grimace. ‘Already I am feeling the onset of gout, Samuel, a life too long in the company of strong drink. I’m rather surprised that the deacon of Southwark has been less outspoken about these crimes. I would have expected more from him regarding this outrage.’
‘Fitzroy Wallace? Not I. Perhaps you might raise the subject with him at Lady Kendal’s next social?’
Bachelor nodded thoughtfully. ‘Well, then – this is your arena, I must return to mine.’
‘A pleasure as always.’ Derleth raised his glass to him. ‘Give my regards to Mr. Dalton. I look forward to hearing from you both.’
‘As you say, Samuel. I will furnish you with the ammunition you need to put a shot across the opposition’s bows.’



Chapter 11



Jacob’s Island lay in darkness beneath the window of Hooke’s house, overlooking the East London rookery – touched by the light of a half-moon that blued the river with its light. Gazing out at his domain, he sat on a bed of notched pine as the sound of occasional revellers – drunks leaving the Draught Horse, his place of business and murder – came to him through a pane of glass and rotting wood. 
His face soured at their din. They would be Crucible men of low standing – none of his closest would conduct themselves so, drunk on McGregor’s ale and their own bloated sense of power, believing themselves strong by association. 
He stood, naked to the waist, and placed an arm against the wall as he stared down, a face scarred by battle and close-action reflected in the glass as he committed their faces to memory. Such wanton displays from those who owed him loyalty galled him, not only on account of his years of naval discipline but also the promise of indiscretion. 
Beneath the very walls of his house.
Brande and Dyer would punish them. They would know where their supposed power sprang from and would feel its purpose, a reminder to all who owed him allegiance and the due order of Jacob’s Island. 
He grunted at the title. It was nothing but coincidence that he shared his name with the slum, a name lost to history, but whatever the reason it suited him for others to think of it as his domain – a haven for those who allied themselves with him and a place of fear for those who stood against him.
His fingers tightened into a fist above his head as old paint and plaster fell from the wall, jaw bunching beneath the beard that covered his scars. Still the anger burned, extinguished only moments before by the one who named him consort.
Consort. Where she found these notions was beyond him. No, not beyond him, for she came from good stock north of the river – a family of quality from whom she had exiled herself, for what reason he couldn’t fathom – but he doubted it had anything to do with temperance or restraint. 
He felt her hand on his back, the way she liked to touch him, tracing the scars of the flogging he had taken while still a petty officer – a bosun’s mate – another life, bound in peril. Her fingertips were delicate, drawing his anger as she traced the lines of scars that would itch and gnaw in the heat of summer. Nothing like the animal fury she showed as she clawed and bit and hissed at him as they fell together and slaked their passions. He felt her head rest on him – warm red hair, soft as gossamer as her free hand snaked about him and presented him a bottle. 
The anger leached out of him as he took the rum, taking a long pull from the neck while her arm snaked about his waist.
‘Kill him.’ 
She spoke softly, an idea rather than an instruction. She would know better than that. ‘Who?’
Her hands parted and slid up to his shoulders, pulling herself close. ‘That impertinent Irishman. Leary – “Fleet.” Kill him. I know your desire, I can feel it.’
‘You know my ambitions, woman?’
‘I can feel your anger, Jacob.’
He turned with deliberate slowness. She gazed back at him, one of few who could hold his eye, and his hand came to her jaw, caressing it – held it – not tenderly, letting her feel the strength. 
She shut her eyes, not out of fear but something else. ‘You do not tell me my ambitions, Georgina.’
Taking her arm in his own, he held her tightly, bringing a smile. ‘He insults you with his approach to me, he discredits your standing in the parish.’ Her eyes came open, bright with desire. ‘He should die for his insolence.’
Hooke’s grip became harder and her brow knotted, though still the smile didn’t falter. ‘He has already been punished. I have another purpose for him.’
She kissed his hand, letting him feel her need, feeling his hold on her soften. ‘And when his purpose is served, what then? His presence will weaken your position with his gall. It is his nature to do so and you will be forced to act.’ She took each of his fingers in her mouth, one after another, and he released her as she drew her nails over his chest. ‘Better he should die now than betray you later.’ Silence greeted the suggestion, and a glare she took for consideration. ‘Come, husband, you know I speak the truth.’
He turned her towards the window and put his face beside hers. ‘I am not your husband, woman.’
‘We live together. I keep the keys to your house, sir. What are we if not married sui juris?’
‘If I took your meaning I might have an answer for you, yet you wrap your words in a dead tongue.’ A gasp escaped her as his arm tightened about her neck. ‘Do you seek to educate me?’
‘Common law, dearest Jacob, and I seek to support you, as a good wife, in all things.’
‘You are mistaken. My temper is not reserved for Leary.’
‘Nevertheless—’
‘Nevertheless nothing!’ 
Hooke rounded on her, and again she responded without fear, her lips parting as her hands went to his shoulders, feeling the rage fire him as her breathing became hoarse. ‘If not Leary, then who?’ He didn’t answer, but the anger remained, a tremor through muscle hardened by years of labour. ‘Who would stand against you, Jacob? Who could stand against you?’
The tension was leaving him, guided by her seduction. ‘We must all answer to someone, lady.’
‘But not you, Jacob. All must answer to you – you have that reach.’
‘You pursue such savage reprisals with no thought to their consequence. I see a desire for the application of power – over life and death – in your words, in your eyes.’ He caressed her face and her eyes closed. ‘You should question your intent.’
‘Is this compassion I see in you, my love? Jacob Hooke – petty officer in His Majesty’s navy, flogged raw on the orders of a tyrant captain, a murderous vengeance and a desperate flight from the senior service’s grasp? A rise to power over London’s bloody proletariat?’ She kissed his neck, matching the rise and fall of his chest. ‘Surely one life is nothing to you, Jacob?’
‘Our means are those who would serve us, those who fall to our will. Every soul that comes to me must be weighed. I have found Leary to have such worth.’
‘And my life, Jacob? Do I not deserve such worth? Am I not owed the respect that I am due as your woman, the respect that sustains me in the parish?’ 
She made her words sorrowful, though he wasn’t fooled. It was her guile that aroused him. He enjoyed it and she knew it – a hint of a smile with the sorrow she feigned – and he caught her about her waist, spun her to the bed with a shriek of pleasure, pinning her by her wrists, pain etched on her features and a blissful smile above all. ‘You do not wield such power wantonly, lady.’ 
Her slim legs slid about his waist and pulled tight, eyes closing as she sighed. ‘What is power if not to be wielded, Jacob?’ 
The clouds parted over London and moonlight lit their coupling. His eyes opened to the rooftops, lining Southwark’s dark skies. His voice was distant, a match to a reply he had given before.
‘We must all answer to someone.’



Chapter 12



‘I’m sorry, Miss, but I’m afraid entry to the teaching faculty is forbidden to non-members.’ 
Dalton could hear the steward’s voice, firm but polite, even as he ran down the corridor. Rounding the corner with a slide of leather on tiles, he checked his movement with a hand on a marble column. The steward turned in surprise, an expression that became wry at the sight of Dalton’s linen shirt, open to the chest. 
Evelida Grey, face shadowed beneath a silk hat, tilted her head to one side, coming into view behind the steward as Dalton hurried to button his shirt. ‘It’s all right, Mr. Kelly. Miss Grey is an invited guest. She is here for a clinical investigation as part of the faculty’s ongoing researches.’ He hoped he sounded more collected than he felt, the result of pushing himself too soon after a heavy lunch at Mrs. Grant’s insistence.
The whisky didn’t help either.
‘As you say, sir.’ Kelly stood to one side and welcomed Eve inside. ‘My apologies, Miss. On occasion, members of the faculty can be a mite neglectful when it comes to advising us on attendances.’
Dalton rolled his eyes, a nuance she caught before placing a hand on the steward’s shoulder. ‘Not at all, sir. Your diligence is as commendable as my sorrow at finding myself unexpected.’
Despite the warmth of her voice Dalton felt a moment’s pang. This was what people who admired one another did, wasn’t it? 
‘Er, would you care to follow me, Miss Grey?’ Drawing himself up in what he hoped was a dignified posture he watched as she passed the threshold. Beneath her hat, she gazed at the art and architecture of the foyer, the dull midday light falling through mullioned windows. Dalton nodded his thanks to Kelly, who grinned and raised his eyebrows. 
He shook his head with a finger across his throat. 
Eve explored the foyer as he came near, keeping quiet and watching with a professional eye. Moving with the easy grace he was becoming accustomed to, she gazed at the portraiture of past luminaries.
‘Has so much time passed?’ she whispered.
‘I’m sorry?’
She continued to gaze upwards without replying, before sighing and turning to him. ‘You are fortunate to ply your trade in such a noble institution.’
‘I tell myself so every day, Miss Grey. My progress is nothing without the foundation of those who have gone before.’
Her gaze lost its warmth. ‘Well said, sir.’
Dalton felt his mouth go dry, though not unpleasantly so. Her gaze softened. ‘Thank you for agreeing to an examination at such short notice. Might we be about our business?’
Introductions, it seemed, were over. 
He sought for conversation as they made their way inwards, though she seemed more than happy to walk in silence, and they took the well-worn steps that he and Milton had run down in childlike defiance of his housekeeper days before. She drifted along, searching with her gaze, before reaching his residence. Glancing inside, she seemed unaware of his presence, an intriguing allure stirring something within him.
Hopefully she wouldn’t turn out to be mad. She was certainly curious.
She pulled a ribbon free, taking the silk hat away. One by one, she teased the fingers of her gloves until they came free, and she ran a hand through the black hair, turning her eyes on him. 
It was a moment before he found himself. ‘If you please, Miss Grey.’
She followed his guiding hand and stepped into a room that served as both library and laboratory, inspecting shelves of books and instruments with more affinity than curiosity. He might be wrong, of course – research fellows and even casual visitors tended to find the materials of his work fascinating, while the ladies that occasioned his study would more often than not pay little attention to the apparatus he’d gathered over the years. She bent to examine an antique microscope, bodied in lacquered wood and inked with a fine ornate pattern, and he readied himself for questions.
‘Marshall’s instruments certainly benefited from Culpeper’s revisions.’
It seemed her knowledge extended towards history too.
‘Tell me, sir, how did you come by such an exquisite device?’
‘It was a gift. From my parents.’
She watched him as he gazed at the instrument, and her eyes softened. ‘I am sorry, Mr. Dalton. I did not know.’ For once his gaze was steadfast as she spoke. ‘I, too, know the bitterness of orphanage. How did they die?’
It was strange that he had thought himself inured to their loss. ‘They were aboard a ship in the Irish sea. A sudden storm – the ship foundered before they could make port. And you? The circumstances of your bereavement, Miss Grey?’
‘Time, Mr. Dalton. I was quite young when they died.’
The tick of his wall clock was unnaturally loud. There was a polite cough from the door and Dalton turned to find his housekeeper standing there, tight-lipped and prim. ‘Mrs. Grant. Thank you for joining us.’ Dalton indicated for her to enter. ‘Mrs. Grant has kindly agreed to chaperone for you, Miss Grey.’ 
She drifted from Dalton’s desk to peer through the window overlooking the courtyard, a slender hand shielding her eyes as she gazed at the gravel expanse. ‘I require no chaperone, Mr. Dalton, merely confidentiality.’
Dalton stared a moment before turning to his housekeeper – bridling at the young woman’s words. ‘Miss Grey, a clinical examination, particularly one involving a lady, requires a chaperone. It is not – seemly, nor ethical, to do without.’
She turned to face them, a silhouette wreathed in light. ‘I require no chaperone.’
He thought to say more before scratching his jaw and sighing. ‘Thank you, Mrs. Grant. That will be all.’
She nodded, stiffly. ‘As you wish, Mr. Dalton.’ Shooting a look at the figure at the window, she turned on her heel and departed.
‘Miss Grey, I cannot guarantee confidentiality without securing my residence. Do you have any objection to me locking the door and drawing the curtains?’
She answered by closing the curtains until a thin band of light was all that lit the study. He turned a key in the lock of the door – the sudden intimacy stifling, and he hurried to light a candle, throwing a soft glow that only deepened the familiarity. 
He could feel her eyes on him. 
‘There we are. Now, for a comprehensive examination, I require measurements of your height, your weight, a measure of your heartbeat, a direct auscultation of your – thorax,’ phrasing his final request in his mind he caught her glance. ‘And, for purposes of microscopy, a sample of your blood.’
Her eyes gleamed in the dark. ‘I am in your hands, Mr. Dalton.’

He tried to retain an air of professionalism, staying focused on her anatomy. The air in the study was close and having the doors and windows shut wasn’t helping. Again, he found himself regretting on not insisting on a chaperone as she stepped from a wicker screen, disrobed as far as her undergarments and standing in a silk shift that left her bare at the midriff. 
Once, when he first arrived in London, he had visited the British Museum and stared in admiration at a likeness of the goddess Artemis. It seemed here in his study she were brought suddenly to life. 
‘Where would you like me, Mr. Dalton?’
She retained her composure, despite her unveiling. Often, he was compelled to reassure patients during clinical examinations, exposure making them uncomfortable. She simply stood and waited. ‘I think we might start with a measurement of your weight, if you would be so kind.’ He indicated a platform scale and she drifted to it, candlelight throwing shadows across her body, and he saw aspects of her body that had been denied him, drawing his eye – the sweep of her neck and shoulder; the delicate movement of her calves as she—
‘Are you distracted, sir?’
Her voice made him start. ‘No. Not at all. Just . . .’
‘Yes?’
‘I hope you don’t find me impertinent but you show a certain athleticism that I have never seen in a lady.’
‘I was brought up a farmer’s daughter, Mr. Dalton. The work was demanding but a thorough founding for a love of dance in my latter years.’
‘A farmer’s daughter? Truly?’ She was staring and he felt clumsy, indicating his apparatus. ‘Would you mind?’
‘I mind nothing, Mr. Dalton. You may consider permission given to all aspects of your examination.’ He offered her a hand onto the scales and she duly complied. ‘These are grain scales, are they not?’
‘They are indeed. But they have been invaluable in my work, following some adjustments.’
‘Ingenious.’
He flushed under her praise, though moving the balancing weights over the scale brought a frown, and he stooped to examine the instrument’s cables and hinges.
‘A problem, sir?’
He ran a hand through his hair while squinting at the scales. ‘No, I don’t believe so. Would you mind?’ She left the platform as he took her place, adjusting the balance. ‘Thirteen stones and two pounds. Just as always.’ Ceding his place, he indicated for her to step up. 
‘The result, Mr. Dalton?’
‘Fourteen stones and six pounds.’
‘Do you believe your own result to be accurate?’
‘Well, yes – but I am six feet in height and you are somewhat shorter . . .’ she was watching with a hint of a smile. ‘Miss Grey, you cannot be more than a stone heavier than me, you do see that?’
Still she said nothing.
‘Perhaps we should proceed with the examination.’ He indicated a seat, and she sat in an unassuming posture. ‘I require a direct auscultation of your thorax, thus I am required to press my ear against your – back to assess the sounds within.’
She responded by crossing her legs and lifting her long hair clear. Chiding himself at his temerity, he steadied his breathing and sat beside her, touching his ear to her back. Her skin was cold, though not unpleasantly so. 
‘Would you mind breathing deeply?’ Her back rose and fell as she complied, listening in one place then another. ‘Normal sounds. No sibilance, no rales.’ Dalton moved his ear over her heart, and listened.
 Suddenly, he pulled away, staring open-mouthed at her, and she let her hair fall, turning to face him.
‘Might I . . .’ Dalton indicated her wrist and she lifted her hand, the tips of his fingers searching for the pulse. 
It took a moment to find. 
This time he didn’t wait, putting his ear to her back and listening for her heart, even as he felt her pulse.
He sat up, more slowly, letting her hand fall as he gazed at her. He tried to recall examples from textbooks, from years of training, from all his experience. 
Nothing in practice or education could help him.
‘You understand my request for confidentiality, Mr. Dalton?’
Standing, he walked to his desk and leaned on his fists.
‘I have some unusual traits, do I not?’
Dalton’s head came up, and he turned to face her with crossed arms. ‘Miss Grey, a heart beating at rest would typically do so at a rate of fifty to eighty beats in the minute. A resting heart does not pulse at a rate of twelve beats in the minute. It just . . . does not happen.’
She clasped her hands about her knees. ‘And yet?’
He gazed back, sighing out a breath. ‘And yet, in your case, it seems it does.’
Standing, she came near. ‘You are a man of science, sir, you allow for the evidence of your own eyes, and you test the results until there is no possibility of error.’ Her words settled him, though his frown remained. ‘There is no-one I would have trusted other than you with this investigation, Mr. Dalton. You retain your modesty, despite your achievements, devoid of conceit or desire for personal gain. Please, complete your examination. Draw the blood.’
His eyes drifted aside and he nodded, taking a wooden box from his desk. Despite her strangeness he was finding her company uplifting and not looking forward to its end. ‘Would you be seated?’ He prepared his instruments as she sat, passing a needle through a candle flame and letting it cool, setting aside a mica slide. ‘I require a ligature to be tied above your elbow.’
She presented her arm and he looped the cord about it, making it tight as she watched. 
So composed – there were only so many times he could lick his lips without giving himself away.
Securing a linen strip below the vein, he readied the needle. ‘This might cause a moment’s discomfort.’
‘I am sure your skill will lessen the pain.’
‘Quite.’ The tip of the needle hovered over the vein and he pricked it, striking the vessel and sliding away.
Once more, he was dumbfounded.
‘If I might, Mr. Dalton, anchor the vein and put the tip of your needle to it, advancing it quite slowly.’ Nodding, he pulled the vein taut and put the needle to it. 
Yet again he struggled to maintain contact with her skin, smooth and hard under the needle’s touch. He was about to give up when it suddenly advanced, a drop of blood forming underneath. Putting the slide under the blood, he let it spread over the surface, releasing the ligature and pressing the linen over the puncture site. ‘It will bleed awhile unless you keep the pressure on.’ 
Moving to the microscope, he didn’t notice her extend her arm and remove the linen – a single drop of blood sat on the skin. She touched it away and licked her fingertip, her eyes closing as she shivered with pleasure. 
No sign of injury remained. 
She stood and moved to the screen while Dalton busied himself at his instrument, angling the microscope to catch the light. 
And then standing, his gaze distant, tapping thoughtfully at his jaw. 
There was doubt here – she was athletic, unusually so.
‘Miss Grey, I – Good God!’ 
She had moved from the wicker screen in anticipation of his question, his face a mixture of admiration and shame as she stood – utterly naked – in complete indifference to his embarrassment. 
And entirely feminine. ‘As I said, Mr. Dalton, I mind nothing with respect to your examination.’
Close your mouth, James. 
He shut his mouth. 
‘Satisfied?’
He looked about, seeking the right words and finding only more questions. With a dismissive gesture, he turned away. ‘You may attire yourself once more, that is, if you please.’
She returned to dressing as he sat at his desk and breathed out a deep sigh, stretching his neck one way then another, putting his eye to the microscope lens. Adjusting the instrument, the slide came into focus.
He sat staring into the eyepiece, immobile, enthralled by the image. A solitary smear of blood – her blood – violet in reflected light. 
He was running out of words to describe what he was seeing, avoiding a reality that left more questions and threatened to overturn years of understanding.
Putting the instrument aside, he put his face in his hands, massaging his temples and letting his hands fall. There was a rustle of crepe and she stood before him, attired and dignified, the elegant and erudite friend of Grace Kendal. 
No more than that, simply Miss Grey, smiling sympathetically. 
‘I seem to provide you with nothing but trouble, Mr. Dalton.’

He watched her tie the ribbon beneath her jaw as they stood at the door, the smoothness of her neck and shoulders as she seated her hat adding to her delicate allure. It was a fiction, of course, there was something deeply indelicate about her, and he found himself burdened by knowledge without meaning. Not that he found it distasteful, it was why he had been drawn to medicine in the first place, it was just – surprising, to find so many peculiarities in one subject.
One elegant, delightful, fascinating—
She was looking at him and he glanced away, reddening. ‘I realise I have intruded on your researches, Mr. Dalton, and I cannot thank you enough for allowing me your time.’
Her last words were oddly sympathetic. ‘Not at all, Miss Grey. You have given me much to consider. Surely you have your own opinions with regard to your, ah, anatomical traits?’
‘I have some ideas, but I am no doctor, nor versed in the notions of modern medicine. I would have your opinion before my own, sir – I would offer you that consideration.’
‘I cannot say when I might have an answer for you, Miss Grey, nor if at all.’
This time she offered an irresistible smile, lifting her hand for him to take. ‘Take all the time you need. I will be waiting.’

She watched her offer her hand to James as he bent to kiss it. 
His admiration was apparent – in his stance, in the way he put his hand to his head and moved his hair, passing a hand over his neck. His gaze was drawn to her as she turned away, crossing the hospital courtyard to the gate.
There was a moment when she came to a stop, inclining her head as though she were listening, and she had to duck out of sight. When she looked again, she was passing out of the gate, out of James’s sight, and she saw him turn slowly, shaking his head and smiling – a private wonder – before closing the door behind him.
Joanna turned from the scene and leaned against the brick arch of the gate, her breath heaving with misery – choking her as her eyes filled with tears. 
Misery was replaced by fury, her hands whitening on the hamper she had prepared for them to share in a afternoon picnicking together, a prelude to a right and proper courtship. 
A future bound in affection.
It was all for nothing. Ashes and dust – the ruin of an unwelcome newcomer.
Her eyes hardened with a sob that choked her, becoming a hiss as she bared her teeth against her misery. She would answer in kind.
There would be consequences.



Chapter 13



‘Jesus, Mary and Joseph.’
Fleet was still suffering from Solomon’s beating, hobbling into Limehouse with the cowl of his cloak over his eyes. Most of London’s oriental diaspora had settled here – sailors first, finding a world of work and industry – and later still, skilled labour, nurtured by a melting pot of peoples the city drew from all corners of the globe.
Suspicious eyes watched him as he made his way painfully along the wharf, watermen and warehouse stockers turning to watch at his faltering step. Crates of tea, bolts of silk and ceramics were taken from merchantmen and rolled down gangways into waiting carts, and he took a moment to lean against a wall, shouldering his sling bag while watching the labourers at work.
He found his mark as he peered into a narrow alley.
A tea shop, quiet and poorly attended – nothing like the bustling chaos of the wharf – stood beneath a tattered awning. Patrons came and went, though few showed any contentment, rather they carried themselves with a certain drunken guile. 
One fellow, bigger and more brazen than most, caught his eye, and beckoned him over. Glancing about, Fleet limped between the walls of the alley, standing awkwardly before the fellow and avoiding his eyes.
‘Your poison?’ 
The man’s English wasn’t bad – only slightly accented, and Fleet hunched under the lintel of the opium house, making a show of examining the street. ‘I’ve a hell of soreness in me, fellow. You wouldn’t have something to take the edge off?’
‘Try whisky.’
Fleet grimaced. ‘Not quite cutting it, today.’
Taking his hands from his pockets, the man opened his fleshy palms to reveal thin lengths of bamboo, stuffed with a black tar. Fleet kept his eyes low and grinned up at him. ‘Just what the doctor ordered.’ 
He held out a hand, the big man pulling the opium resin away. ‘A crown.’
‘That’s a touch more than I was banking on, friend.’
The man leaned close, putting his face before Fleet’s and waving the bamboo under his nose. ‘Non-negotiable, little stumbler.’
Fleet winced and placed a hand in his pocket, fishing for a coin as the bamboo was twisted back and forth.
The drug was snatched from the man’s hand, and Fleet was halfway down the street, running like the devil as shouts and curses followed, diving under the arms of those who took up the chase – furious as he slipped and ducked and crashed through shop displays and laundry, hanging from tenement windows. 
A knife clattered off a wall, missing him by inches, and he didn’t look back, not even when the shouts for his capture became inaudible, his lungs burning as he turned out of Limehouse and into Butcher Row. Working outside, a meat-worker, taking a cleaver to a carcass, gaped at his wild approach, and he gestured over his shoulder. 
‘A madman . . . Crazed with drink . . . Got a knife, he has . . .’
The butcher, stained with blood and holding the cleaver, made a hell of a sight, and he stood staring back down the alley – just as Fleet shot past and grabbed a packet of meat from the shopfront.
‘Hey! Stop – stop, you bastard!’ 
More cursing, more cries for his capture, and Fleet quickened his pace, putting daylight between him and angry residents, keeping clear of the river, keeping his options open.
A mile later, he slowed to a walk, limping again, only this time there was no pretence. 
Riven with pain, he sagged beneath the eaves of an empty church, making sure he wasn’t observed before putting his head on his knees and breathing easy once more. It took a while for his hurts to ease – every breath was a burning hell – yet he couldn’t help grinning beneath his cowl as spittle fell from his mouth.
‘Still got it, Leary – still got it.’ 
It was a couple of miles across the river and back to Jacob’s Island. He’d catch a barge and be there in no time. 
Now he just needed transport to Chelsea and Bachelor’s home.
Stuffing the opium and meat cuts into his bag, he grinned at his own audacity. Now he had an edge.
He stood up, and nearly fainted with the pain. ‘Jesus, when this is over I’ll be taking holy orders.’ 
Limping away, he made his way towards the river, casting a glance back at the church. ‘Don’t hold me to that, eh?’



Chapter 14



Light from the fireplace threw shadows over the walls of Dalton’s study as he busied himself at his microscope, the evening sun sinking beneath a horizon of rooftops and distant shipping masts. A solitary candle flame gave enough light to bring the slide into focus, though it wasn’t the first time he’d examined it. 
Far from it.
Time and again he’d stared at the smear under the lens, stood to consult one of many books taken from his shelves, and stared from his windows in search of inspiration before returning to the instrument and adding a drop of saline to enliven the blood.
Unbuttoning his waistcoat and putting hands behind head, he sat back and sighed. The whisky glass was empty and the bottle reflected the fireside flames in too interesting a manner to consider another nip. He was probably drinking too much anyway. Circumstances were intruding into the quiet chaos of his life, though with the introduction of one element in particular, all others receded from his mind.
Despite his enthusiasm for medicine, she was all he could think of.
‘Burning the midnight oil?’
Pushing with his feet, his chair scraped over bare floorboards, and he smiled at the genial form of Sir Stephen Bachelor standing in his doorway, the light of a risen moon falling through the hallway windows and surrounding him with silver light. 
‘My apologies, James, your door was ajar.’
Dalton slid open a desk drawer and took a second glass from within, placing it by his own and pouring him a measure of scotch. ‘Your company is always welcome, Sir Stephen. Pull up a chair and warm yourself, only close the door – the draughts play hell with the fireside smoke.’
Closing the door, Bachelor dragged a second chair to the desk, lifting the proffered glass and examining the liquor. ‘To what are we drinking?’
‘To revelations.’
The older man’s face clouded as he sat. ‘That sounds dubiously apostolic. Are you seeking answers in faith?’
‘Not while I have an inquiring mind. Some questions, however, are a plague on one’s patience.’
The silence was punctuated by the crackling of the fire. ‘James, never once have I known you to concede on matters of nature. Your diligence within the human sciences are the reason the faculty stays funded through charities and gratuity,’ Bachelor drained the glass. ‘I have no doubt whatever galls you will soon be clear under your far-seeing eyes.’
His last words were delivered with theatrical assurance, and Dalton raised his empty glass in salute, though still he made no reply. 
‘Well, let me see if I can lift your spirits with something more tangible. I returned from Westminster this afternoon after speaking with Samuel Derleth. He is endorsing your call for an investigation into grave-robbery, and the evil leading to such crimes.’
‘The dead still come, Sir Stephen,’ said Dalton. ‘So young and unblemished, it is hard to believe their deaths are natural.’ His eyes fixed on Bachelor’s. ‘All the teeth are removed.’
Bachelor rubbed his jaw. ‘The dental surgeons of London pay well for good teeth, making them into dentures for the wealthy.’
‘Do you believe Derleth will motivate the House to investigate these crimes?’
‘Oh, yes. He is quite confident on that. And his delight at being able to lay another quandary before his opposition drives him on.’
‘Hyde White, a man consumed by ambition. Do you find him so objectionable?’
Bachelor weighed his words. ‘I believe I have reached an age where I know the minds of men well enough, James. I see nothing of White to suggest anything but blind narcissism. However, self-regard makes a man open to vanity’s touch, therefore we might make an ally of him. With the right incentive.’
Dalton winced at a pain behind his eyes. ‘Sir Stephen, have we created a market for murder?’
The dean’s words returned to Bachelor. ‘It may very well be that we have, my friend. But the ultimate responsibility must remain with those who take advantage of our generosity – hindsight may be a wonderful notion, but as nothing to foresight. We must seek to end the trade in the lifeless – end the demand, bring the malefactors to justice and then might we rest easy.’
Dalton smiled, and he topped up the glasses. ‘Something worth drinking to.’
They knocked back the whisky together. ‘To more temporal matters, James. What eludes you?’
Dalton indicated the microscope with his glass.
Bachelor stood and put his eye to the lens. ‘You suppose my eyes more useful than yours, James? I think you place a little too much confidence in your former mentor than . . .’
The words trailed off as the slide was focused. The air in the study became still, interrupted by the crackling hearth as the older man gazed through the eyepiece. ‘Where did you come by this?’
‘A patient.’
‘Human, then. A sailor? From the tropics?’
‘No.’
Bachelor squinted into the lens. ‘Have you come across such a sample before?’
‘Never in my lifetime.’
Bachelor lifted his gaze and looked at him. ‘Nor mine.’ He sat, elbow on the chair’s arm and jaw in his hand. ‘This patient of yours, by your tone I presume has requested confidentiality?’
Dalton nodded, his face colouring.
‘Then we must honour such a request. Are they hale and healthy?’
‘Remarkably so.’
‘Then we may assume that this is not the result of some pathology, rather, a justification for their robustness.’
‘My thoughts exactly.’
Bachelor steepled his fingers and gazed into the fire. ‘The red cells are notably smaller than one would expect and significantly more numerous. Whatever their function, one must assume their abundance is favourable to their host.’
‘You make my patient sound less than human.’
‘Or somewhat more.’
Dalton’s eyes drifted, contemplating the words.
‘Do they exhibit any other physical peculiarities?’
Dalton didn’t answer. Bachelor let the silence grow before granting his former student would say no more. ‘Well,’ taking his cane, he heaved himself upright, ‘should you find yourself in need of advice you have only to ask.’ 
Dalton stared at the fire as Bachelor paused, before turning to leave.
‘Sir Stephen,’ 
He turned. Dalton was standing with his hand held out. ‘Please do not think me rude – my thoughts weigh heavy. I am grateful for your company and ideas.’
‘Nonsense, my boy, I am merely an echo – you are the conduit that will make sense of them. When you first came to me as a houseman what did I tell you? Should I carry out my duties to the best of my ability you shall be a more capable physician than I could ever hope to be. I said those words on your arrival,’ he placed his hand in his former student’s. ‘And that you are.’
Dalton flushed under the man’s regard. Bachelor slipped his grasp and opened the door to the halls, a final word before he left. ‘Feel free to involve me with this patient of yours – she must be quite something.’
The door shut with a click, leaving Dalton colouring still further.



Chapter 15



Joanna fought to control her breathing. The afternoon warmth was uncomfortably close as her skin prickled beneath her dress. It was difficult to swallow – the sickness had become overwhelming as the truth of her life, her dreams – fell to nothing. James, so wise yet so naive, feted in his field and with so much promise as a companion – a husband, even – was enamoured of her. Of the newcomer.
She wouldn’t say her name, it was too bitter. The young widow – so beautiful, poised in a manner Joanna could only aspire to. Naturally he would be captivated by her – how could he not? Unproven, simple girls competed for his affection, finding themselves far beneath him. Artless chits such as Victoria, or Charlotte.
Or Joanna Martindale.
She wandered aimlessly, swallowing her tears rather than letting them fall, driving the bitterness deep as the streets passed by. An occasional carriage intruded on her sullen mind as it passed, ignoring the gentlemen – mediocre souls – who raised their hats and complimented her as she drifted by.
She raised her face to the sun, a breath of wind lifting her hat as the words of her father echoed in her mind – yet another disappointment, another black mark in the account he would remind her of in those few occasions he chose to grace her with his company. 
Southwark became Bermondsey as she sighed away her sorrow. It was unworthy of her, she was better than that. Better, even, than the young women who caught her eye as they passed beneath lamplights, arm in arm with their beau’s and in quiet conversation, broken by undignified giggles and a tittering that incensed her. 
Resenting their simple happiness. 
They would see her glare and their smiles would fade, a moment’s unease, before a word from their gentleman would have them smiling once more, the scowling, solitary woman quickly forgotten.
Solitary.
Her face fell and determination livened her step, putting distance between herself and Southwark. There was no destination in mind, just a desire to be away from St Thomas’, and James.
And Evelida Grey.
The name leapt in her mind, and she stopped, a labourer muttering a quiet curse as he dodged about her, frowning at her as he did so. She closed her eyes as the sun fell behind a cloud, a breeze from the river stirring her anger. Her teeth ground behind her lips and her hands bunched into fists. 
The wicker basket, the picnic she had made for James, was hurled with a scream into the crumbling brickwork of a tannery, stinking fumes rising from an open chimney as bread and cheese and jellies fell from the hamper, a bottle of lemonade breaking and leaking it’s contents into the filth under the beam-house.
She felt eyes on her as she hissed and drew breath, driving the anger deep and letting her poise return. The smell drew her first, unfamiliar, so different to the parks and paths that decorated the west of the city. The river’s foulness was bolstered by the reek of industry, of wharves and docks, and she gazed about. Watermen and navigators, shirtless in the afternoon warmth and stained with coal-dust and grease, gazed interestedly at her before returning to their work. Children, waifs clothed in torn rags, faces grimy with soot and soil, watched beneath windows and narrow doorways – a stifling oppression, despite the breeze from the river.
She had walked far, oblivious to her surroundings, to places she didn’t know, no longer in a London familiar to her. A child, a boy-urchin with rags about his feet instead of shoes, lost his fear and moved from the doorway’s shadow, watching her as he scurried to the fallen basket. He knelt in the dirt and brought a cheese to his mouth, nibbling it between tiny fingers.
She watched as he was joined by others – boys and girls with bright eyes and famished faces – their scrawny bodies showing through rags, scavenging through the spilled picnic. Her anger was forgotten, a new release for her scorn as they gathered like rats, hungry for pickings from the broken basket, and she felt nothing but contempt. Their vulgar modesty turned her stomach. 
To the east, her eyes were guided by tall masts of merchantmen, towering over the alley’s slate rooftops to the bridges and broken galleries of the distant rookery, the slum she had heard of in cautious whispers. 
Jacob’s Island.
Her breath faltered in a moment’s dread as the city seemed to recede, replaced by a vision of lawlessness that was beyond her pampered life. Clouds rose above the slum, cooking fires and small industry blending with the haze gathering over South London. She stared at wooden bridges that connected the rookery to the parish, the haunt of the Crucible – the London gang-men that laid plans against innocents and not-so-innocents with indiscriminate malice.
An idea formed. 
Her gaze fell to the boy with wild hair and brown eyes – the best of a ragged bunch – and back to the Jacob’s Island, as an assurance, a new resolve, took shape.
Perhaps James would not be lost to her.
She smiled beneath her hat, moving to the urchins, who saw her approach and scattered, taking what they could.
‘Wait.’
The tone was the same her father employed in his mills, certain of obedience, and the boy froze, furtive and wary. He was holding a loaf of bread in both hands, clutching it to his wasted body as she lowered herself, holding out her hand. 
The boy looked ruefully at his prize as she spoke. ‘Mine.’
His eyes moved back and forth, from her open hand to the bread. ‘You threw it away – you didn’t want it.’
‘And now I will have it back. Come, little rat – the magistrates hang thieves such as you.’ Still she smiled as the boy handed over the loaf, a tear leaving a grimy streak over a hollow cheek. Joanna watched as he waited, gazing at his feet and back to the bread. Tearing a wedge from the loaf, she held it out, the boy’s eyes gleaming with promise; then resentment as she pulled it away, holding it for him to take and teasing him as she drew back. His face pained with hunger as she straightened. ‘Who is your father, boy?’
‘I have no father, miss.’
She laughed. ‘Then who cares for you?’
The boy looked thoughtful. ‘Mr. Hooke. He cares for us all, in his way.’
‘Does he now?’ Once more her gaze was drawn to the east. ‘Does he indeed?’ She passed him the tiny piece of bread and his eyes lit, stuffing the food into his mouth with a smile, matching it with a sneer of her own. ‘Do you know Mr. Hooke?’
He spoke between mouthfuls as she allowed him another morsel. ‘We don’t meet him, just his friends. Nobody meets Mr. Hooke.’
‘I wish to meet him.’
He stopped eating, eyes filled with doubt.
‘You will take me to him.’
‘I should not—’
Joanna snatched the bread from the boy – his hands aloft, imploring. ‘Then you will take me to someone who knows him.’
The loaf was held before him, swung back and forth. He glanced about, his hands at his scrawny chest, staring at her before nodding.
Joanna returned the bread to him and he chewed it frantically as she placed a hand on his shoulder. ‘There, now – we are friends again, you only need to know your place.’ He looked at her before leading her towards the rookery where the Crucible waited, keeping his head down and walking in her shadow.
‘It is high time I asserted my own.’



Chapter 16



Lulled by the carriage’s motion, she let herself sleep. The day was young – younger than she liked. The bright sun overwhelmed her and she had taken the carriage from Newington across the river, sharing the company of a pleasant young fellow who kept to himself. Shading her eyes with a hat, she kept a parasol for when she alighted.
The drumming of the fellow’s heart aroused her, teased its way into her dreams.
Away from the comfort of night, in the confusion of daylight, her dreams became dark.

‘Take your hands from me, Elias.’ 
 She felt his fingers caress her – her shoulders, moving over her back, to her hips – and his lust made her sick. His breathing was slow and deep and the air was heavy with threat.
‘Madam?’
‘Take your hands from me.’
He responded by running his fingers to her shoulders – strong hands turning her to face him. 
‘Madam, we are nearly at your destination.’ 
He placed an attentive hand on her arm.
The sourness in her gut bloomed, and she saw his death writ in his eyes – the blood-mania rising like a storm . . . 

She was on her feet, eyes glazed in fire and teeth bared. She stood in the body of the still moving carriage, the young man’s throat in her hand, his face white with terror as he tried to speak under the iron of her grasp.
Restraint, so clear, so carefully applied in the comfort of night, had been diminished in the daylight. Her teeth receded quickly – she set the poor fellow free and smiled reassuringly at his uncomprehending face. A moment of fear and bewilderment, and she was gone – casting herself through the door of the carriage and into the shadows of Westminster. 
Opening the parasol, she breathed deeply, backing against a wall in shadow and letting go of the fire, suppressing her need. 
Her mind clearing, she began to make her way to a rendezvous the young anatomist would know nothing of, chiding herself as she did so. 
‘Foolish old woman.’

Dalton hurried along the river’s north bank, leaving Blackfriars Bridge and the smell of the docks behind. The sky had darkened and he felt the need to stretch his legs after an afternoon in theatres with students and a dusty professor who refused to give up on cherished but outmoded ideas. Diplomacy was a talent of his work, though he was relieved to find the students polite and discreet as he made his points. Still, he was happy to be out of the faculty and clearing his head, and he found himself suddenly before Old Temple’s, a cheery obeisance from Shelby’s young coachman greeting him as he arrived. 
‘Monroe – good to see you. Sir Stephen and your gaunt master are in attendance, then?’
‘They are indeed, sir, not five minutes ago.’
‘Wallace?’
‘Not yet.’
‘And how do you fare? I hear your wife is with child?’
Monroe brightened. ‘She is that, sir – seven months now. I believe we will have a happy ending.’
‘Should she enter her labours and I am about I would be happy to assist the delivery – I have certain thoughts on childbirth that are not widely shared by my colleagues.’
The coachman nodded enthusiastically. ‘You would be most welcome, Mr. Dalton, My Sarah has insisted we name the child in your honour,’ he looked momentarily embarrassed. ‘Should it be a boy, that is.’
Dalton laughed. ‘Then it is I who am honoured, for I have no children of my own and yet I would be gratified to see another Dalton into the world.’
Monroe grinned impishly. ‘I am sure that it is only a matter of time before you find a lady to settle with and raise a family of your own, sir.’
‘More conspiracy – all about me I find well-meaning friends determined to saddle me in matrimonial bliss.’
‘Then it is all to the better, sir, for bachelorhood is fit only for members of the clergy—’
‘And you consider yourself proficient in such matters, sir?’
They turned at the voice, Monroe’s face falling. Dalton’s cheer melted, the sky darkened further and the warmth of the day with it. He was middle-aged, latterly so, and wore black vestments and half-moon spectacles under hooded eyes, thin lips drawn in a smile that held no warmth as he gazed at the flustered coachman. ‘Come, sir – you were speaking on the benefits of celibacy, were you not? Or was it the excesses of bachelorhood and how you know better than the clergy.’
‘Sir—’ Monroe swallowed, keeping his eyes low as Dalton interrupted. 
‘Deacon, it is good to see you again.’
Wallace kept his smile on the unfortunate coachman, his face reddening under the churchman’s gaze. The sounds of midday traffic receded, until Wallace turned to the young surgeon. ‘Dr. Dalton, I find you in idle conversation with a servant while your governors await your pleasure?’
Dalton matched the man’s smile. ‘Mr. Dalton will suffice, sir, for I am a humble surgeon and anatomist, a practitioner of familiar physic no more.’
‘Humble? Do you speak without candour? One so renowned can surely carry little humility.’
‘Then I am an aberration, sir, for you yourself preach the values of modesty.’
‘That I do. And it is gratifying to find you wise in the virtues, but the question still stands – your masters wait on your presence and yet here you are making idle gossip with an idle coachman.’
Dalton felt himself rising to the man’s gall, and an image of the deacon, stripped bare on the anatomist’s table and awaiting the touch of his blades, rose in his mind. 
Diplomacy, James – fence with words.
He shrugged. ‘Such is the nature of medicine, sir – to find common ground from the very most to the very least, whatever their afflictions.’
Wallace turned on the coachman. ‘Are you afflicted, sir? Do you labour under an illness? An injury?’
‘No, sir.’
‘Then you pretend at an infirmity, intent on shirking your duties?’
‘No, sir – the physician, I mean to say, Mr. Dalton—’
‘Mr. Dalton can speak for himself, I am talking to you, sir.’
‘I—’ Monroe’s eyes were everywhere, the horse team nervous with his discomfort. 
Dalton placed his hands behind his back and cleared his throat. ‘You misunderstand, sir. I find myself afflicted by shyness and needing discourse where I find it. It suits me to engage our dutiful retainer in conversation.’
Wallace released the hapless coachman. ‘I find your reasoning odd, sir. Surely there are lesser practitioners who can administer the lower classes? You have better men worthy of your time.’
‘There might be some truth in that, but without the lower classes we would have no yardstick to consider ourselves “better men,” thus they are found worthy.’ 
Wallace’s smile faltered as he stared at the anatomist, who returned the smile and presented the door. ‘After you.’
It was a moment before he entered, stepping over the threshold as Dalton glanced at Monroe, rolling his eyes and earning a quiet smirk that the coachman hurried to cover.

‘James – good to see you.’ Bachelor greeted his former protege from his seat as Enoch Shelby watched beneath a gaunt brow. Samuel Derleth acknowledged him with a raised hand. ‘And Fitzroy too. Excellent, our number is made and we can order.’ Bachelor indicated for the proprietor. ‘Tea for myself and young Dalton. Enoch? Samuel?’
The politico and the dean waved away the enquiry, thankful for simple water, and he turned to Wallace. ‘Fitzroy, your presence is welcome at such tight note. Between us, we might make some progress regarding this scourge. You will take tea?’
‘Thank you, no. I find tea overly refreshing. I will have coffee – black, and without sugar.’
‘Milk and two sugars in my tea.’ Dalton caught the proprietor’s eye, who amended his order, earning a raised eyebrow from Wallace and a hard stare from Bachelor. 
Dalton looked innocent as Shelby broke the silence. ‘Might we be about our business? I have matters to attend at St Thomas’ and I can hardly credit your desire to meet in such a paltry amenity.’ The proprietor came to a halt with a tray of confections, a pained look crossing his face as they noticed him.
‘No offence intended, shopkeep.’ Bachelor’s features were as amiable as Shelby’s were gaunt, and the fellow laid the tray before them, making himself scarce. Bachelor opened the meeting. ‘To business. The question of the resurrectionists within Southwark and it’s surroundings. Mr. Dalton first brought to my attention an abundance of cadavers arriving at our doors in increasingly suspicious circumstances.’
 Wallace helped himself from the plate. ‘What manner of circumstances?’
‘More often are they brought to our doors within the hours of darkness, when recognition of the individuals who deliver the dead is difficult. Their faces are shrouded by hats or hoods, and they speak in furtive voices. And the dead grow younger, carrying no sign of illness.’
His words were met by silence, the implication of murder for money taking root. Derleth was the first to speak. ‘Fitzroy? Surely you must have something to add consistent with these suspicions?’ 
The churchman finished the pastry and dabbed his lips. ‘St Saviour’s has seen the unlawful exhumation of three graves within the past month.’
Dalton sat up while Shelby stared hard at the deacon. ‘Then why, sir, are we only now hearing of such desecration?’
‘You seek to lecture me on church policy, dean?’
‘I do not, deacon, yet one would rightly expect outcry to follow outrage, yes?’ Shelby narrowed his eyes. ‘Moreover, one might suspect impropriety – suppression, even, at such a lack of protest.’
The proprietor returned with tea and coffee, the ominous mood lending a tremor to his hands as he served before disappearing. Shelby glared as Wallace poured himself coffee. ‘Surely you must agree that there is more at stake than the disappearance of a trinity of figures from a church graveyard?’ Wallace left the question hanging, a knowing smile giving Dalton another urge to wipe it from the man’s pompous face. 
Bachelor spoke. ‘Come sir, speak plainly – assert your meaning.’
‘Why, the capture of the Resurrection Men and the destruction of the Crucible.’
Glances were exchanged. ‘What steps have you taken to ensure such arrests, sir?’ said Dalton.
‘Matters are in hand, young Dalton, matters are in hand.’
‘And in the meantime, St Saviour’s and it’s institutions request funding to protect themselves against grave-robbery while bolstering their congregations to pray for an end to these hateful ventures.’ Shelby’s voice was sour. ‘I see your plan, sir – you would swell your coffers even as you swell your flock.’
‘Come, sir, as a man of medicine you recognise that adversity drives therapy, to a universal cure, the one as much as the other.’
‘I seek to mitigate adversity, Wallace, not to profit from it. Delay all you wish, I attend parliament tomorrow to petition for a united end to the Resurrection Men, with or without your approval.’
Derleth spoke softly. ‘Hear, hear.’ 
‘Your conscience is your own, Enoch – conduct yourself as you see fit.’ Wallace sipped from his coffee.
The silence returned, interrupted by the sounds of carriage traffic and noises from the kitchen. They were at an impasse, and Dalton thought hard for something useful to say. 
The bell over the tearoom door chimed, their faces turning to inspect the newcomer – a lissome form thrown into shadow, and a familiar silhouette pulling her hat free.
‘Miss Grey.’ Dalton stared as he stood. She swept them with her gaze as she approached, and they came to their feet. 
‘Gentlemen, there is no need to stand.’ The warmth of her words softened the mood, Bachelor and Dalton swapping smiles as Shelby looked uncomfortable, and they made room for her to sit. 
The proprietor arrived with a flattering expression. ‘Madam? May I offer you refreshment?’
She shook her head, turning her eyes on the assembly – lucent in the subdued light as the proprietor took her hat and parasol. ‘Thank you for letting me join you, gentlemen. I trust I am not intruding?’ 
‘Not at all, Miss Grey. I believe our business is concluded?’ Bachelor swapped glances with the others who nodded in turn.
Wallace regarded her with a question of his own. ‘Perhaps a fresh perspective might be welcome,’ taking her hand, he nodded. ‘Good day, madam. Fitzroy Wallace – I honour the office of Deacon of Southwark.’
Her gaze intensified, and Dalton noted how she paused before speaking, in much the same manner as Wallace. 
There was gamesmanship here. 
His money was on her.
‘Delighted, sir. I go by the name of Evelida Grey, though I doubt any here present would wish for my opinion regarding the Resurrection Men.’
Dalton closed his eyes and smiled. 
Bachelor, Shelby and Wallace straightened, the dean’s voice suspicious. ‘How did—?’
‘The luminaries of south London physic and pastoral care, gathered for discussion in secret? What else might you have to discuss? Unless it is the circumstances of Lady Kendal’s next social.’
‘Your insight does you credit, young lady,’ Wallace spoke. ‘Though your wit does little for you.’ Dalton bridled at his rudeness but said nothing. ‘One might consider a lack of regard for those you rightly term “luminaries.”’ 
She watched the deacon without speaking, and he continued ‘Are you a woman of faith? Tell me, child, are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?’
‘I try to avoid washing in lamb’s blood, sir, it has a tendency to stain.’
Wallace chuckled. ‘My dear, you misunderstand. I spoke in metaphor.’
‘As did I.’
His smile faded. ‘You have such little regard for the divine, madam?’ 
‘Faith inspires good men to do better; foul men to do far worse, shrouded in a cloak of respectability.’
The mood was becoming dark, and the deacon sat back. ‘You deride faith as having so little worth?’
‘Faith is the inevitability of an intelligent mind.’
‘Ah, then—’ 
‘Science and reason, however, are inevitabilities of the wise.’ Bachelor and Dalton shared a look as Wallace stiffened. ‘Humanity walks a treacherous path between madness and despair. Faith serves as a bulwark against mortality’s horror and little else.’
‘Then the resurrection of the dead is lost to you? The final answer to the horror of mortality, as you rightly put it, is of no meaning?’
‘The outrage against the Resurrection Men is founded in the dissection of the dead, while the corruption of the grave yields the same results, the only difference is time.’ Her eyes came to his. ‘However you look at it, there is nothing to resurrect.’
Wallace sat back. ‘A friend of Lady Kendal, you say? One might see how she attracts such Bluestocking amateurs with dilettante ideas on theology.’
‘Perhaps you might enlighten us as to your objections, deacon?’ Dalton’s face was curious as he spoke, Eve’s gaze turning on him with new interest.
Wallace’s answer was to stand, brushing crumbs from his vestments. ‘Would that I had time to educate you, Mr. Dalton. I will leave you to leap clumsily to the defence of the one you cannot help but fawn over while she damns herself in the eyes of the Lord.’
Dalton’s mouth hung open at the suggestion. Not that he could argue the point.
‘I have been damned many times over, and by better men than you, sir.’ 
Eve had spoken, staring at the deacon. 
Wallace left imperiously by the door, nearly bumping into the proprietor in the process. Shelby watched with a grim stare. ‘Somewhat rude, eh, Bachelor?’
‘Somewhat. Though the deacon is known for his contrariness.’
‘I was referring to the young lady’s offence given to the man’s faith.’
‘Offence was not my intent, sir,’ she said.
‘Be that as it may, to display such a lack of respect before a man of God does you no favours. I do not approve of your etiquette, madam.’
Dalton had heard enough. ‘Now see here, dean – it was Mr. Wallace who’s insult—’
‘Then you may have my unreserved apologies, sir, for I find myself foreshadowing the path humanity walks,’ said Eve.
Dalton held his tongue – another exchange was inevitable, though he was done with betting on the outcome. 
‘You believe you have insight regarding mankind’s progress? One so young as yourself?’ Shelby looked her up and down, unimpressed.
‘I consider myself a student of history.’
Shelby grunted as Bachelor sought to end the exchange. ‘I believe we have achieved as much as we can for one day. Miss Grey.’ struggling to his feet, he leaned on his cane and bowed. ‘Please excuse me as I must return to St Thomas’. Enoch, would you care to accompany me?’
‘If that is a request to my carriage, Sir Stephen, then you are welcome. Samuel, Dalton,’ the dean turned his cadaverous gaze on the anatomist as he stood. ‘You may use the faculty’s account, should you and the lady wish for more refreshment.’ 
They turned to leave, Bachelor’s hesitant steps accompanied by the dean’s stiff and stalking gait, and Dalton was aware he was left with Eve and Samuel Derleth – a politico he knew little of – watching them with a certain guile. ‘Miss Grey, might I have the pleasure of introducing Mr. Samuel Derleth – opposition member for Southwark.’
Derleth lowered his eyes. ‘Enchanté, madam.’
‘Ravi de vous rencontrer, monsieur.’ 
She spoke in beautifully accented French and they both stared at her, the politico’s smile deepening. ‘Bravo, madam. You speak the language of romance with such fluency, one could believe you were born to it.’
‘“Fortune is a great deceiver,” sir; “she sells very dear the things she seems to give us.”’
‘A devotee of M. Voiture, madam?’
‘Wisdom shrouded in poetry makes a strong foundation, Mr. Derleth.’
Dalton found himself resenting his interest, even as Eve smiled at him. ‘Well said indeed,’ said Derleth. ‘Would that we still had the benefit of his wisdom to enrich our lives.’
‘He was a good man,’ a light was filling her eyes. ‘I have a first copy of his works, if you would care to borrow it?’
‘Madam, I would be in your debt.’ 
Dalton stared at them both. Something deeper was happening here. 
Derleth made to stand. ‘Well, now – time and tide and all that. Mr. Dalton, always a pleasure to meet with one of our accomplished medicos. Miss Grey,’ Eve presented her hand and he bent his lips to it. A moment’s pause and he was gone, exiting the tearoom with a gentle peal of bells. 
Dalton turned to find Eve’s eyes on him. ‘I must apologise for the dean. He sees matters of faith as inviolable – obstinate for a man of scientific inquiry. And for Mr. Wallace’s words, for it was apparent he had no counter and sought only to embarrass you.’
‘You have nothing to apologise for, James – I am grateful for your advocacy.’ She stood. ‘I, too, must be away, for I have business of my own.’ 
Offering her hand, he put his lips to her fingers. The proprietor arrived with her hat and parasol and he hurried to the door for her while she secured the hat over her dark tresses. ‘I trust we will see one another soon, Mr. Dalton. Perhaps you might have some new insight for me?’
He was about to answer, but she was gone – through the door and into the sparse crowds thronging the avenue. Dalton watched her disappear, the doorbell breaking his reverie as he turned to settle the account with the proprietor.
‘A remarkable lady, sir.’
Dalton shook his head. ‘You have no idea.’
He signed the bill on behalf of St Thomas’, the pen light in his hand as he let ink fall from the tip. An analogy – a scalpel, drawn with blood – and a sudden resolve rose in him. ‘My thanks.’ 
He was gone, dashing into the long street of lofty townhouses, pushing through workmen and couples enjoying the approaching evening. He caught sight of her, parasol over her shoulder, despite the lack of sun, and was about to call out when she stopped and turned. Her eyes were on him, and he came to a breathless halt, his heart pounding, not only from running. 
‘Mr. Dalton.’
‘Miss Grey.’ She waited for him to say more. ‘I – was wondering. Not that I agree with Mr. Shelby but you must admit to taking a severe manner with the deacon? Have you met before?’
‘Not he, James, there is no animus given from me – you compel the dead to give up their secrets with blades, I compel the living to give up secrets with words.’
He was staring. ‘Secrets? Then you believe—?’
‘I believe nothing, James. Though you must admit, the Crucible show an uncanny harmony of purpose.’
Not for the first time he found himself returning her smile – a politico’s acumen and a shrewdness he could not fathom in such a young woman. ‘Miss Grey, I have a little time before I am due at the faculty. I wonder, would you care to accompany me about the gardens?’
She stared at him, and he felt his resolve wither. ‘You are too forward, Mr. Dalton.’
‘Oh, I—’
Her hand came to his arm. ‘But not overmuch. Perhaps another time.’
She smiled, showing her teeth, and turned away, leaving him exhilarated – his mouth hanging open a little stupidly, watching as she disappeared into the crowd.



Chapter 17



They crossed the low wooden bridge at Mill Street into Jacob’s Island, Joanna’s footsteps echoing between rotting planks and dark water. Folly Ditch, the tributary of the Neckinger that bordered the rookery into a moat, lay beneath as she followed the lad into a world she knew nothing of. Houses of crumbling brick and stucco, shored up with timbers, faced one another in an oppressive growth of bay windows, wooden galleries and guttering. Candles and rushlights showed from meagre panes against the coming night, hastened by the claustrophobic rise of buildings. 
She could feel eyes on her, curious and unkind, a stranger in their midst, though she felt no fear, merely a rising certainty owed by her rank. 
The filth that dwelled here would know their place and she would conduct herself without concern, show her poise and be gone – a seed to bear fruit. She smiled as the boy looked up at her with curious eyes, wondering at the haughty young woman who had asked for passage. No-one would come here through choice, least of all such a well-to-do lady from the west of the city, and he hurried to keep up with her.
‘Where now, little pigeon?’
They crossed the bridge and he looked at her dumbly, not realising she had spoken to him. Understanding, he pointed with a grimy finger, along the alley to the rookery’s heart. ‘That way, Miss – The Draught Horse tavern. It lies a short walk along the road. Mr. McGregor owns it – a nice man.’
She bent to him, watching until he could no longer return her gaze. Satisfied, she passed him the last of the bread. ‘Good boy. Run along now, before the other rats take your prize.’
He scurried away, disappearing into the shadows of the alley. Joanna rose and looked around. One or two groups of beggarly fellows and their women watched her, and she returned their stares until they lowered their eyes and moved away. Again, the smirk became a sneer, and she strode along the darkening alleyway, encouraged by her status.
The pestilential houses narrowed, the darkness gathering about her.

True to the waif’s word, the Draught Horse appeared before her, another building of brick and timber in a swarm of houses and tanneries. Panes of glass glowed with light, darkened by coal-dust and soot, though she could hear voices and laughter from within, the warmth of the interior leaking under the door. 
A moment’s misgiving as her hand hovered before the door, and she was through – a smell of sweat and ale as her eyes adjusted. A ceiling of dark timbers over oak tables, strewn with candles and rushlights as a dozen pairs of eyes converged on her, the hubbub fading into silence. As she came to the taproom bar, mounted between barrels of sprung wood and iron, a balding tavern-keep eyed her. 
‘Yes, my lady,’ Joanna’s gaze wandered from his ruddy face to his stained apron as the strange accent added to her discomfort. ‘What might you be having?’ 
She suppressed the uncertainty. She was better than that, a woman of virtue and standing, deserving their courtesy. ‘I require no drink, sir. I wish to speak to a gentleman that might be found here.’
‘And who might that be, my good woman?’
She ignored his tone. ‘Jacob Hooke.’
He said nothing and the silence grew. ‘Nobody by that name comes here, Miss, nor would you be wise to mention it again.’
‘I have information for the gentleman. If you would but—’
‘Your presence is not wanted,’ the man returned to mopping away spills of ale. ‘Best be on your way.’
A silent shadow detached itself from a wall, exiting by a hidden door. 
She was becoming impatient. ‘If you would—’
‘Go!’ 
The word was hissed and shook her to silence. Never had she been spoken to be someone of inferior rank; not even her father would speak to her so, and she stood, aghast. Still he glared, and she turned away, striding to the door and pulling it aside, once more in the dark and empty street. In the tavern, vulgar conversation and muted laughter returned. 
Alone in an unfriendly setting, she was filled with a desire to escape the rookery, and yet her purpose was not yet done. 
‘Miss?’ A voice made her turn.
He looked as rough as his voice, squat and muscular, though with a friendly smile, and he kept the thumb of one hand hooked into a leather belt as he took a bite from an apple. ‘My name is Dyer. I am an associate of the man you seek.’
Her unease faded as she took a step closer. The man chewed insolently as she gazed at him. ‘You know Mr. Hooke?’
Dyer smirked. ‘That name is not used hereabouts, not without consequence. You would be wise to speak in more circumspect terms.’
She was impressed and unnerved. ‘That may be so, but I have information—’
‘So you said.’ Dyer interrupted her as he examined the remains of the apple. ‘I have a mind to know the nature of that information.’
‘My word is for Mr. – for the gentleman in question’s ear alone. Furthermore—’
‘You may regard me as the gentleman in question’s ear and voice together, Miss, for he is a martyr to his work and frequently distracted,’ Dyer raised his arms in an encompassing gesture. ‘Hence the need for an intermediary.’
She felt her poise shrink. The man had the appearance of a common stevedore, yet he spoke with such assurance. ‘I can see that my wisdom is of no value to you and your unseen master. I will trouble you no longer. Good day,’ she turned to leave. 
The last of her composure wilted in the face of the nightmare before her. 
He loomed forth, a face riven by pox, lank hair falling beneath a cloth cap and framing his pale eyes to a murderous intensity, a tic shivering his face. But it was his mouth that made her gasp – a grotesque scar had opened his jaws where his teeth were shattered, leaving one side of his face collapsed and drawing down the lid of an eye, the remaining long, yellow teeth giving him a feral look. 
She staggered back, a crunch making her turn. Dyer was chewing noisily while staring thoughtfully at the stripped apple. ‘The value of your wisdom will be weighed in due course, Miss. For now, let us discuss your reasons for being here, for you must agree, the appearance of such a high-born lady in these parts is unusual.’
Joanna had forgotten why she had come. ‘There is nothing more to discuss, Mr. Dyer. I have tarried long enough and must be away.’
There was a hiss of steel on leather and she felt a claw-like hand on her shoulder, a fearsome strength beneath his bony fingers. Her voice was stilled by the blade of a musket bayonet levelled before her eyes as Dyer closed the gap. ‘I fear I must insist, Miss—?’
Joanna’s mouth dried as her eyes flickered between the blade and Dyer’s gaze. ‘Martindale.’
‘I present my companion in enterprise, Mr. Brande.’
The man who held her hissed quietly in her ear, setting her teeth on edge and raising gooseflesh on her neck. ‘Well, then,’ Dyer stood back, the smile returning as the blade was suddenly withdrawn. ‘Now that proper introductions have been made perhaps we can enjoy a word in private. If you would care to step this way, Miss Martindale?’
He indicated a narrow alleyway alongside the tavern with a door set in greasy brickwork, and nothing would have persuaded her to follow him, except the thing behind – Brande – squeezed harder, his grip becoming painful, guiding her on as Dyer opened the door and drew her inside.

Her eyes were bright in the gloom – a solitary candle flame flickered over a rough table. There were brown stains on it that she thought might be blood. Dyer sat before her while his twitching accomplice lurked in the shadows, and she wanted to shrink from him, though she wouldn’t give the despicable creature the satisfaction.
‘The information you spoke of, Miss Martindale – please be forthcoming, for our time is valuable,’ said Dyer. 
She willed her voice to be steady ‘Mr. Dyer, I see I am a victim of coercion, but you must admit, I have one thing and one thing only to bargain my security.’ Sitting forward, her voice was imploring. ‘I urge you, allow me to speak to the man we spoke of – I have little advantage here.’
Dyer watched her thoughtfully, his gaze shifting from Joanna to Brande – watching with a broken sneer. ‘Would you excuse us, Miss Martindale? I feel the need for some privacy.’
They moved away, exiting via a door atop a flight of stone steps. Brande turned at the last, his face a mass of tics as he gave a horrible leer, before disappearing through the door and slamming it shut, the bolt sliding home and sealing her in. 
Joanna slumped, lowering her brow to her hand. ‘Foolish, stupid girl,’ her fingers ran over her face to cover her mouth. ‘What were you thinking?’ 
Her voice echoed between barrels and brickwork.
‘Our thoughts precisely, Miss Martindale.’
She stood in sudden fear, the voice behind her, soft yet certain. The shadows in the corner were darker somehow, her eyes wide to the figure that left the damp walls and moved into the candlelight. 
He was huge – as tall as Brande and as thickly built as Dyer, and he gazed at her beneath the low crown of a John Bull hat, watching with remote interest as she shrank from him. Taking a spill from his jacket, he lit a cigar from the candle, the tip illuminating a heavy beard, and he moved with ease, a shadow among shadows as she backed away to the stone steps. 
‘I would be the first to admit, Miss Martindale, that your welcome seems inhospitable,’ he emphasised the words with the cigar, leaving trails of smoke. ‘You must forgive us our caution, for we are scrutinised by officers of the law and more treacherous agencies.’
Joanna let her hand fall and raised her jaw. ‘Do you treat all your guests with such ill-civility when they come bearing tidings – Mr. Hooke – if that is who you are?’
He stared from beneath his hat, breaking the silence with a shrug. ‘Rarely do we have uninvited guests making profitable gestures, Miss Martindale, particularly those from such privileged circumstances. You are correct – my name is Hooke, and I wonder, in what spirit do you offer your wisdom?’
She swallowed. Hooke was inferior rank and she would make him see it. ‘Is it not enough to accept my message in good faith? I require naught in return, neither recompense nor reward.’
Hooke drifted closer. She stepped back as he drew a chair and sat, the wood creaking under his weight. ‘Please,’ once more, the tip of the cigar glowed, blood-red in the darkness, as he indicated for her to sit, a gesture she ignored as though considering it’s worth. ‘A gift freely given is suspicious, Miss Martindale, charity being in short order in this parish. You must excuse my misgivings. What is your message?’
She sat and leaned across the table. ‘A party has made her interests known with regard to the Resurrection Men, striving to bring the weight of law upon those who profit from the dead.’
‘There is no revelation there, Miss Martindale – many have expressed similar complaint. Those men you mention are watchful against such scrutiny.’
Joanna’s words were hissed. ‘This is no meddler, no rallying Bluestocking to satisfy her vanity – she has the ear of the heads of the Royal College of Surgeons and has intimated herself with members of parliament,’ she softened her words. ‘This one speaks with authentic cunning. You would be wise to give her your attention.’
He gazed long at her. ‘Which members of parliament?’
‘Hyde White and Samuel Derleth.’
Hooke eased the cigar from his mouth, grinding it out on the table and raising the iron smell of blood. ‘As diverse a pair as you might find in the House. The interested party, Miss Martindale – her name?’
Joanna smiled. ‘Evelida Grey.’
‘Evelida?’
‘Often she goes by the name “Eve.” A pallid widow of tender years, short of activities and inclined to interfere in matters not concerning her.’
Hooke’s gaze became shrewd. ‘You reveal yourself, Miss Martindale – a bitterness taints your words.’ Joanna felt stung by his intuition. ‘That, at least, I can understand. But not the extent of your resentment, for to come to me, to this place – a lady of your refinement would not do so lightly.’
A knock at the door broke the moment, yet still he kept his eyes on her. ‘Come.’ The door was thick oak and it opened after two or three pushes. The waif who had led Joanna into the rookery brought in a tarnished tray of clean glasses and a bottle of clear liquid, and Joanna watched, fascinated. He placed the tray on the bloodstained table as Hooke knelt to the boy. ‘Thank you, James.’ Holding up a coin, the boy’s eyes became as wide as his smile. ‘Tell me now – are you spending these coach-wheels on food?’ The boy nodded as Hooke snatched the coin out of reach. ‘Because I will know if you are not.’ 
The lad took the crown, grinning before stuffing it into a patched pocket. ‘Good lad. Tell McGregor I appreciate his generosity.’ 
The waif nodded, catching Joanna’s eye and disappearing through the door before slamming it shut.
‘A foundling, like myself.’ Hooke sat and stared at her. ‘I have a fondness for young James – profoundly dissimilar to the fondness you bear for one of the same name.’
She froze. ‘I have no idea to what you refer.’
‘You reveal yourself further, Miss Martindale. The celebrated James Dalton, companion of the Royal College of Surgeons, has caught the eye of your young widow – and you come here seeking her destruction.’ He lifted the bottle from the brass tray, pulling the cork and pouring a measure. The bottle was offered to Joanna, who shook her head. ‘Surprising, isn’t it, that we can come by clean water in this parish?’ He set the glass aside as he drained it. ‘Tell me, Miss Martindale, is there any truth whatsoever in the wisdom you bring?’
Joanna kept her reserve. ‘Regardless of your reservations, Mr. Hooke, all I have said is true. But you need not take me at my word, simply wait and see, and the agents of the Crown and private enterprise will begin their investigations,’ she sat back with a sneer. ‘The outrage that follows the resurrectionist’s crimes will find it’s way into the taphouses, the Press, and into parliament itself, until the call for justice will see them rooted from the core.’
‘You make your point eloquently, Miss Martindale, though you have a tendency to mix your metaphors.’ Again, she bridled at his impertinence. ‘I will take your intelligence at face value. Miss Grey will be watched, and should her actions align with your words, then I will take steps.’ He stood, drawing himself to his full height. ‘Are you satisfied?’
She followed, her head high. ‘Perfectly, Mr. Hooke. Thank you for your time and hospitality.’
‘Think nothing of it, Miss Martindale, though you have yet to experience the full extent of my hospitality.’
A cloud passed over her face. ‘Your meaning?’
Hooke turned to knock at the oak door to the tavern, opened by Brande and Dyer. ‘These men will escort you to nearby premises. I require a day or two’s constraint before I feel you are no threat to me.’
‘What? This is an outrage!’ Joanna’s fury surpassed her fear. ‘You will not – you have no right.’
Hooke rounded on her, leaning on the table with his fists until it bent under his weight, and she quailed before him. ‘I have taken you into my confidence, Miss Martindale, and held your information at face value, for which you have my thanks, but in return you are asking me to commit a capital crime, yes?’ His eyes searched hers and she looked away. ‘Good. You understand my position. Your needs will be met – these men are my closest, the time will pass swiftly.’
She averted her eyes, yet his words were beneath her. ‘I have powerful friends, Mr. Hooke. My father will not allow this – he will seek me out, should you insist on confining me.’ 
Her voice was thin in the dank air. Hooke lifted the bottle to his mouth, draining it. ‘Then he has money, yes?’ Joanna’s gaze returned to his and she sagged. ‘Why, Miss Martindale, you are the gift that keeps on giving.’
The bottle was returned to the tray with a hollowness that echoed in her mind. The gang-chief mounted the stairs to the oak door. ‘It has been an honour, Miss Martindale. I bid you good day.’
The door shut behind him. She faced Brande and Dyer, who smiled without warmth or welcome. 
She saw her folly, and fear settled within her.



Chapter 18



Dalton watched the late sun turning the clouds gold, the smoke north of the river rising to meet them. An open ledger lay on his desktop, drawn with line after line of details regarding his patient. He sat with hands draped over the arms of the chair and legs stretched under the desk, gazing beyond the window, a day’s growth of beard dusting his jaw. Yawning, he stretched his arms above his head before returning his gaze to the distant skyline and thought of sleep. 
‘Illuminate me.’
There was a knock at his door. ‘Mr. Dalton?’
Early to bed and its attendant wisdom would have to wait, it seemed. 
Coming to his feet, stiff from a night and a day at his desk, he opened the door to find Benson, the man’s usual assurance absent. ‘Charles? Something concerns you?’
‘Yes, sir. Would you be so kind as to accompany me to the mortuary? I am – disquieted by a recent dispatch.’
‘Someone dispatched recently?’
The joke was in poor taste, brought on by weariness. Benson’s eyes were pained behind his spectacles. ‘Just a moment.’ Pulling a cravat about his neck to cover the unshaven skin, he ran his hands through his hair before falling into step with the man. They crossed the quiet hospital corridors, finding their way down into the cold and dark mortuary vaults. Few candles burned here. The gloomy interior, cooled by underground stone, was given little illumination, lest it hasten the decomposition of those within. 
A corpse, shrouded in muslin, lay on a stone plinth, while a young man, Benson’s aide, stood by, his face mirroring his superior’s unease. ‘Your concern, Charles?’ 
He had already rolled up his shirtsleeves and taken hold of the shroud’s hem. ‘This, sir.’
The cloth was pulled back, the face of the dead revealed. An older man, perhaps sixty or so, sparse white hair; and gaunt, with a Romanesque nose. And his teeth missing, the lips shrunken without dentition. 
Dalton reviewed the man’s features in his mind, a familiarity, distracted by the torn-out teeth, so typical of bodies supplied to the faculty by—
The vault became colder still.
‘My God.’
Benson bit his lip, eyes darting between Dalton and the body laying on the cold stone, even as the anatomist bent to examine the corpse. His eyes came to Benson’s, the man’s pain evident – the corpse was approximately the same age as he, their history written in the work they had performed together.
‘When?’
Benson swallowed. ‘An hour ago. Two men, hooded, their faces largely concealed. My assistant,’ turning to the young man – as pale as the corpse, ‘did not immediately recognise him, such was the – distortion – to his face.’
‘Would you recognise them?’ Dalton spoke to the lad, whose voice cracked with emotion.
‘I believe so, sir. At least one of them at any rate. He has made – deliveries – here in the past.’
‘Have you informed anyone else within the faculty, Charles?’
‘No sir. I came to you the moment I realised who—’ the words died in his throat.
‘Very well. Sir Stephen is to return at the close of parliament. The moment he arrives have him – have me informed, and we will return here, all of us, and decide together what action to take.’ He lifted the shroud and placed it carefully over the dead man’s face, a moment’s silence before speaking. ‘No-one is to know what transpired here. Do not speak of it – do not give others cause to ask you. Are we in agreement?’
Benson acknowledged him by lowering his eyes, the younger man nodding. 
Dalton turned to leave, his mind no longer fogged by lack of sleep but alive to something far worse. Though his colleagues might find the idea unthinkable there could be no other explanation.
Enoch Shelby, dean of the faculty, had been murdered by the Crucible.

‘James, good of you to greet me,’ Bachelor stepped awkwardly from the carriage to the gravel courtyard, assisted by his coachman. ‘You do yourself credit as a physician.’ 
Dalton smiled without enthusiasm as the coachman led the horse-team from the grounds, taking his old mentor’s side. ‘I was going to say you had the makings of a fine doctor, though I fear such a jest would be ill-received. You have something on your mind?’ 
They entered the foyer of St Thomas’, as they had so many times before, Bachelor’s cane tapping as they passed beneath portraits of hospital dignitaries. Enoch Shelby’s imperious likeness welcomed newly arrived students to the world of medicine. 
Never again incarnate. ‘How did the motion go before the House?’ Dalton avoided the inevitable, though his words were apt. Shelby had been a fierce adversary of the Resurrection Men. 
‘Some movement, though not as I had hoped. White and Derleth spoke in unity, but I have sat in the House long enough to know when words shroud caution.’
They stopped before the staircase to the vaults. ‘I have something to show you, Sir Stephen.’ 
‘And I find myself unhappy before your sombreness. It is fair to say I will not enjoy your revelation?’ Dalton didn’t speak, just nodded. ‘Well then, let us not stand in fear of the inevitable. Lead on, and allow me a steadying hand on your shoulder.’
They made their way into the depths of the hospital, and Dalton swore that Shelby’s death, and those before him, was a grievance he would end at any cost.

‘Might I pour you a glass in honour of your achievement, sir?’ 
White’s return to his lavish office saw William DeCourcey holding a crystal glass before him, a forefinger on the cork of a wine bottle. 
‘By all means, DeCourcey. And pour yourself one while you’re at it – one should not drink alone in moments of satisfaction.’ 
White passed his aide his tricorne and frock-coat, scanning correspondence on his desktop. ‘Thank you, sir, you are most kind.’
‘No fire made?’ 
DeCourcey hung his master’s clothes on a hall-tree before uncorking the wine. ‘I did not anticipate your return so soon, sir. I will have it made within minutes.’
‘See that you do.’ DeCourcey lowered his eyes and pulled the cork. ‘Decant it first, William – a young grape deserves a little air.’
‘Of course, sir.’ 
Breaking the wax of a letter, he read the contents quietly. ‘It seems I am invited to another of Grace Kendal’s society affairs. A dinner at her home, no doubt designed to foist another of her adoptive whelps on the worthy.’
‘‘Tis the season, sir.’ DeCourcey finished decanting the wine into a carafe and poured two glasses. ‘Will you be requiring my attendance?’ 
‘It will be a subdued affair. You may enjoy the evening to yourself.’ DeCourcey’s smile faltered. He turned to the hearth, placing logs and kindling, putting a flame to them with a spill. 
‘Are you affronted, William?’ The letter was discarded, an enquiring eye on his valet as the fire took flame. 
DeCourcey avoided his eyes as he stood. ‘Whenever you attend one of these occasions I fear – I always believe you will find the company of another to be so agreeable.’
White watched him over the rim of his glass, setting it down and coming close. ‘Such affairs are of profound value to myself and the party. The sharing of influence and indulgence is masked by social pleasantries and every opportunity to do so must be taken. You understand the necessity of my attending, yes?’
‘Of course.’
He took a step closer. ‘And should I find the company of a young lady acceptable, then a little flirtation and a brief dalliance would not be entirely amiss.’ 
DeCourcey’s eyes were on the floor. White lifted his gaze with a touch to his smooth jaw, smiling as his hand went to the valet’s cheek. Caressing it, DeCourcey clasped it in his own – a shiver of pleasure as he searched his master’s eyes. ‘One has to keep up appearances, after all, I have a reputation to maintain.’
White leant close, putting his lips to his valet’s. DeCourcey’s eyes closed in pleasure as he searched the warmth of his master’s mouth with his own.

A crackling heat poured from Bachelor’s hearth into his study, though there was little cheer to be had. Dalton stood with arms folded, staring into the flames and stroking his jaw.
‘He was a good man.’ Bachelor’s words were soft.
Dalton half-turned and smiled. ‘He scared the life out of me when I came here as a young houseman.’
‘Such was his way – focus the attention of the new lads, steel them with discipline, for we are privileged to bear the duties of life and death. He had a very high opinion of you, James.’
‘Really? I believed he had little time for me or my ideas. “Crackpot notions,” he called them.’
Bachelor smiled. ‘Old men are resistant to change, James, though he could certainly not have argued with your results. No, his admiration was for your diligence and hard work, framing you as a model for the younger fellows.’
‘I had no idea.’
‘Didn’t want the acclaim to go to your head, though I warned him that was not your way.’
‘Indeed not.’ Dalton’s voice drifted into silence, eyes still on the fire.
‘No-one beneath the rank of senior houseman is to be entrusted with accepting cadavers. We will require signatories to legitimise transfers before payment.’ Bachelor’s eyes were hard.
Dalton nodded. ‘The majority are illiterate. We will require someone to vouch for them.’
‘Have them swear on blood and bible if necessary. Perhaps the idea of damnation will give them pause for thought. They will attest to the methods they came by the dead and a ledger will be brought to make their mark. Bodies will not be accepted otherwise and their names will be forwarded to the magistrates. I will have my aide inform heads of departments.’
Dalton leaned on the desktop and stared at him. ‘St Thomas’ will be avoided.’
‘I will have the same conditions written up for the other hospitals tomorrow. And I think I have enough sway with the anatomy schools in South London for them to follow suit.’
‘You realise you are putting an end to a source of income for the gang-men? Not to mention the supply for the anatomists? You are about to make yourself unpopular with some very dangerous people.’
Bachelor turned to him. ‘Sit down, James. You make the place look untidy.’ Dalton smiled as he sat. ‘You are right, of course – the anatomists will not like it but then we are in the business of lessening the ills of mankind, not adding to them. They will toe the line or face the consequences.’ Bachelor’s tone fell. ‘However, the resurrectionists are another issue. Though we cannot prove their guilt for Shelby’s death you and I are worldly enough to know otherwise. You must tread carefully, James.’
Dalton’s words were hissed. ‘I must tread carefully? You must think to yourself, Sir Stephen. I am a minor player in this game while you have made yourself the butt of their bloody purpose. I would ask you to move into hospital accommodation until this storm blows over.’
‘You will not impress me by speaking in clichés, James. I will remain at my home in Chelsea. We have seen the determination of those who perceive a threat to them. If the Crucible decide to put an end to my meddling then staying in St Thomas’ will not prevent that.’ The smile returned. ‘Besides, I have Hector as guardian.’
‘Your mastiff?’
‘Quite so. The alpine breed is friendly to visitors but fearless with intruders. And I have my staff, ever-alert. I have no doubt I will be well protected.’
Dalton’s concern lifted. Just. 
The fire was burning low and he rose to add wood to the hearth. His life, previously so certain, was now filled with doubt. He and Bachelor had made themselves enemies of the most dangerous men in London. ‘We have no choice.’
‘Undeniably. The memories of Enoch Shelby and those innocents who have gone under our blades will not be served by faint hearts.’
Dalton placed his hands against the chimney breast and leaned on the stonework, the fire flushing his face. ‘Who knew about Shelby’s stance on the Resurrection Men?’
‘Apart from everyone in parliament? Myself and the dignitaries of St Thomas’ and the anatomy schools. Beyond that, he kept his political manoeuvring separate from his duties. Why do you ask?’
Why indeed? 
‘How did a gang of unlettered criminals come to know of Shelby’s opposition?’
Bachelor’s gaze moved aside. ‘Shelby’s voice was kept to those I mentioned. How would the resurrectionists know? How would the Crucible be party to such information, so remote from society and gentry?’
Dalton sat and leaned on the table. ‘A noble benefactor.’
Their eyes reflected their fears. ‘Jacob Hooke’s confederacy of thieves and cutthroats, endorsed by a powerful ally, perhaps even guided and driven to its own ends. The dean expressed a similar concern.’ 
‘Do you believe Enoch Shelby’s murder is a warning?’
‘I have no experience in such devilish matters, James, but it would not be unreasonable to suspect it.’
‘The taking of life presented so?’ He shook his head. ‘We are in dangerous waters.’
‘Here be dragons,’ said Bachelor. The silence was punctuated by the crackling fire. ‘Still, we have no evidence the Crucible has such an ally, although Shelby did keep to the notion. How did you come to the idea?’
‘A friend.’
‘Friend?’ 
Dalton smiled. ‘Miss Grey.’
‘Ah, did she indeed? A remarkable woman, that dull widow. Very perceptive. You should take care to keep her safe, James.’
To keep her safe. 
She was implicated. His heart skipped a beat.
‘Miss Grey, I believe, has come to mean a great deal to you.’
She had, but – not in that way. 
Not quite, at any rate. ‘Well, yes. She is a remarkable young lady, as you said, composed of wit and refinement.’ 
Bachelor watched him with a sympathetic smile. ‘I fear we will make no more progress tonight. I must be getting home. Will you see me to the gate?’
Dalton stood, the older man walking stiffly. ‘I will call on you tomorrow. Perhaps a night’s sleep will reveal meaning where there was none.’ 
Bachelor’s voice alerted the coachman as they came to the gravel courtyard, rousing the horse team and bringing the carriage. ‘For now, discretion must be our watchword.’ He placed a fatherly hand on Dalton’s shoulder as the coachman held the door. ‘Take care, James. If I have learned aught from standing in the House is that it is difficult to know where to place one’s trust.’ 
With a hand from the coachman he mounted the carriage. The coachman boarded and a flick of the whip saw the vehicle departing in a clatter of wheels and horseshoes.
Who to trust?
Who indeed?



Chapter 19



Knightsbridge Barracks, home to the First Regiment of Foot, lay south of Hyde Park. Resounding with the cries of officers and the screams of drill-sergeants, muskets were hauled, slapped and driven over and over into parade-square gravel as recruits and veterans were put through their paces under hard, watchful eyes. Defaulters, by inattentiveness or missteps, were identified, lambasted before their fellows, or simply dragged from companies and punished. Grooms leading horses watched nervously as miscreants were taken for discipline at the hands of veteran sergeants, recently returned from distant battlefields.
One officer watched his company with callous deliberation. A captain of infantry, he glared under the peak of a tall shako – sun-browned face a contrast to the pasty recruits – under the clouds and smoke of London’s skies. 
‘Form up your company and have them repeat the manoeuvre. We will go over the exercise to my satisfaction, regardless of meals, time of day, or divinity instruction. Drive them, sergeant – show them some incentive.’
‘Sir!’ Seasoned by intricacies of public duties and the bloody reality of war, the drill sergeant executed an immaculate about-turn, bellowing for his corporals to form-up and repeat the deployment of ranks, presenting arms and the swift reloading of muskets that made the British Army so feared. From the ranks, the grumbling of a single soldier snapped to the attention of a young ensign, who identified the fellow and had him dragged from formation – marched to the guardhouse at the double, the company silent but for the crunch of boots on gravel.
Behind the windows of the company commander’s office stood the regiment’s sergeant-major, watching with grim attentiveness. 
‘I have noted such a change in Captain Hale these past two weeks. It is not the first time an officer, ordinarily good-natured, finds himself constrained by concerns of battle,’ his tone fell. ‘For we are under no illusions here, this peace will not last. War is coming, battle will be joined by most of us, and before long.’ 
Pulling open the door to the adjutant’s office the man called for an orderly, coming to attention before him. 
‘Sir!’
‘Give my respects to Captain Hale, lad – inform him he has a visitor.’
The junior rank acknowledged him and spun smartly on his heel, exiting the offices and running pell-mell across the parade ground.
‘Perhaps, having survived where others fell, Captain Hale no longer feels the extent of his luck, it is not for me to say. But I have seen such men turn to tyranny, to flogging their men in want of a discipline they believe will deliver them from the battlefield.’ A calloused hand searched irritably at the small of his back. ‘There are better ways to inspire your men.’ He saw Hale marching across the parade ground, hand on sword and with a hint of irritation on his face. ‘I appreciate the value of you coming here. A mere sergeant-major I may be but I keep a close interest in my officers, their whims and their judgments.’ He turned to stare at the visitor. ‘Such intricacies might find us on the wrong side of a musket ball, or the surgeon’s knife. Or worse.’
The sound of boots on tiles caused him to turn, bracing up before Hale. ‘Sergeant-major, you have a visitor for me?’
‘I do, sir.’ A ghost of a smile touched the NCO’s mouth as Hale removed gloves and shako. ‘I will take my leave and continue the parade-ground exercises until your return.’ Nodding over his shoulder, he marched out of the office. 
Hale turned from the departing sergeant-major and his eyes settled on the figure gazing back at him from a leather-bound chair, surprise giving way to suspicion.
‘Good day to you, Captain Hale.’
Momentarily lost for words, he quickly recovered. ‘Miss Grey. To what do I owe this visit?’
Sliding pale hands along the knees of a satin dress, she came to her feet. ‘I come in the spirit of friendship, Captain Hale, and as confidant,’ she lowered her eyes, doing nothing to soften his discomfort. ‘I have come to apologise.’
‘Apologise for what?’
Her stare diminished him, and he regretted pretending ignorance. ‘My behaviour at our last meeting was neither civil nor modest. I regret, I have bound you to the unwelcome reality of your trade.’
‘My dear lady, whatever gave you that idea?’
It was the wrong answer and he knew it. Her eyes gleamed in the shadow of her satin hat and he shrugged and cast about, as though such matters were beneath him. She released him and moved to the window overlooking the parade ground, red-coated troops relentlessly drilling, regardless of a breaking cloud-cover and the afternoon sun. He saw how she pulled down her hat to screen her eyes. 
Despite his discomfort he was heartened by her company – her cold depiction of battle, so far from the romantic notions of newsprint and theatre, had been shockingly familiar. He had the ridiculous notion that she knew more of war than he did.
‘Your sergeant-major is a remarkable fellow, Captain Hale, esteemed by men and officers alike.’
‘You will find no argument from me there. The man fought in the First Coalition and the American revolutionary war while I was a mere boy. His judgment is peerless.’
She turned to him. ‘Survival, then, is the essence of an effective soldier? To live through battles and stand before new recruits, and impart such wisdom?’
‘Not just that, for I have known men survive conflict by concealment and evasion, while those about them stood steadfast in the face of fire,’ said Hale.
She came closer. ‘A suggestion of luck, then, would seem to be the mark of a true soldier.’
‘Well, now, I would suppose myself to be happy in the company of a lucky man than an unlucky one.’
She mirrored his smile. ‘Luck and judgment, discretion and delegation – a fine pair for men whose decisions teeter on the edge of mortality. Captain Hale, might we find ourselves somewhere to speak further? I feel my penance unfulfilled.’
‘Would that I could, Miss Grey. I have much to do concerning my company’s readiness—’
‘Your sergeant-major advised me that he is willing to exercise your company in your absence.’
Hale’s eyes narrowed. ‘Has he indeed?’
‘Indeed he has.’
There was no quarrelling with her, and he smiled. ‘Then would you join me at a nearby hostelry? The food is tolerable, but the character pleasant.’
‘I will defer to your judgment, captain.’
He held the door for her and they crossed the parade ground together, even as the First’s sergeant-major bellowed for the companies to halt while they strode by. 

The walk from Knightsbridge to the river found Hale warming to her still further, the admiring glances of those they passed a balance to their previous encounter. She was certainly conventional in conversation, markedly different to her prior bluntness, finding mundane comments on weather and society gossip to pass the time. A model of polite femininity that, until recently, Hale would have welcomed. 
Strange, then, that he found himself yearning for her previous manner. As distasteful as her take on warfare was, the truth was indisputable, something he had been unable and unwilling to discuss with his brother officers. And certainly never with his men. 
His thoughts drifted to actions abroad – actions that had left him knee-deep in bodies of friends and enemy alike, fear and pain fading from their eyes as they succumbed to their wounds. She was correct, he had tried to bury the memories – drown the slaughter in wanton pursuits. 
Still they remained, embedded in his mind.
‘Am I boring you, Captain Hale?’
The question took him by surprise. ‘Not at all,’ Hale stammered and saw she was smiling at him. ‘Could we turn our conversation to more – sanguine concerns?’ 
He had to clear his throat as she turned away. The river opened before them, and still she was silent as he guided her towards a tavern, nestling between rough tenements. A collection of wharf-men eyed the officer and the pale young woman, making their obeisance as their class demanded. Hale removed his shako; Eve her hat – teasing tendrils of hair free as they entered. ‘Perhaps we might take a table by the window? A little solitude?’
‘As you wish, captain.’
He offered her a chair and she watched him as they sat, wondering at her poise and feeling himself flush under her gaze. 
And he had the nerve to call James Dalton, “bookworm.”

She felt their attention as they entered – a murderous intent driven by design rather than gain, and a familiar acidity rose in her gut, setting her teeth on edge, a desire to meet them with unrestrained savagery.
They could wait. For now, she had the young captain as her concern, though she smiled as she lied to herself, a habit of checks and measures – a quirk of lingering humanity that she clung to, lest she become nothing but a vehicle of the spirit within. 
Though after eight hundred years there was no doubt – Evelida Grey was entirely her own, neither human nor vampire, nor that to which she gave her own inventive title. 
The name suited her imagination and it suited the entities that haunted her dreams.
Captain Hale was frowning, wringing his hands as he sought to open the conversation, words he desired, he needed. She’d felt his uncertainty from the moment he approached her, burying his memories beneath frivolous pleasures. She could hardly begrudge him that – his life was under threat at a moment’s notice. The reality of a soldier’s life was far removed from the romantic assessment that drew men instinctively to war: ‘Every man thinks meanly of himself for not having been a soldier.’
Despite that, he was a soldier, and a friend of James Dalton. She would not deny him and waited for him to speak.

‘Miss Grey, you have no cause to apologise for our last meeting. I find myself, not in denial, but in agreement.’ Hale paused – admitting to such failings was a personal condemnation, and yet now he had begun . . . 
‘The siege of Alexandria, the brutalities we bore witness to – we do not speak of such things. And yet, to speak of such things, I find myself acknowledging a – disquiet – that has bedevilled me for some time. In truth, for years,’ there was a break in his voice and he swallowed. ‘Your description of the dead, of the enemy, of my fellows before the walls of Alexandria – how would you know?’
‘How I know is irrelevant, Captain Hale. That I know and that you should have no fear of acknowledging it is, however, entirely relevant.’ She leaned forward. ‘Despite that, I spoke too harshly. I will ask your forgiveness, Captain Hale, and suggest that your men should not see you as a tyrant but as a brother. Your lives are foreshortened by the perils you face – face them with goodwill, the bond you share is a rare thing. I will take wine and the officer will do the same.’
She spoke to the proprietor, who appeared for their order as Hale waved away her request for wine. ‘I should not, I am on duty.’
She pouted. ‘Your sergeant-major was correct – this peace will not last. Shall we drink to absent friends and our own uncertain futures? At the very least you would not allow me to drink alone?’
He couldn’t help grinning as he sat back. ‘White for me. And you?’
‘Red.’ 
The proprietor nodded and left. Hale kept his gaze on her. ‘Tell me, Miss Grey, how does one so young know such prudence? I confess, I know of no-one save Lady Kendal who keeps to it.’
‘We can save those matters for another time, Captain Hale. For now, some things are best left unsaid. Tell me, how did you come to know James Dalton?’
He smiled as she evaded his question, a shade of his former self as he came close. ‘Ah, the good doctor – feted by all and admired by the ladies.’ 
He risked a wink at her and felt a fool for doing so.

There were two of them, no more, sat quietly behind the young captain – one lank and gangling, unable to be still, his mind a snarl of conflict – like Hale, but utterly without restraint. The other, squat and brutish, considering, analytical. So much more dangerous. They were sipping beer and feigning conversation, but their purpose was on her. Hale was a distraction – once their business was concluded they would act. 
Agents of the Crucible, then. She had stirred the nest and they rose in malice. 
‘I have no ambitions regarding Mr. Dalton’s heart, captain, merely an appeal to him as a man of science. But I am curious as to how two such men became close friends.’
Hale’s smile faded. ‘1794 – The British and Austrian’s were driven from Belgium by Michaud’s army for France. I was a second-lieutenant and my first command.’
She watched as memories sparked in his mind, tasting the alarm in his blood, faster and tighter. 
Livening him.
Her mouth began to water. 
At that moment she wanted to take him and bleed him – a desire more carnal than any he could know, though she reproached herself before his admission, suppressing the craving with a sip of wine as he continued. ‘Our company and our allies were evacuated across the Channel in transports. Those wounded we recovered,’ Hale licked his lips, ‘those wounded – many died as the ships rolled in the storm-tossed seas, taken by fevers and wounds. Most made for Portsmouth but an unfavourable wind saw us bound for Tilbury. Packets brought word of the evacuation to London, and physicians and surgeons mingled upon the wharves when we anchored. James Dalton was the first to the deck of my ship.’ His eyes met hers. ‘No-one could have done more for myself or my men. If you could have seen him then, Miss Grey. He is a modest man and I confess I deride him for his reticence but, ah – when there is work to be done – his work – there is no man alive I would trust more.’
‘Please go on.’
He frowned. ‘Those who stood on the edge of life and death, he brought back, through amputation and the removal of bullet and shell fragment. Those he could not save he eased their suffering with kind words and elixirs. He was tireless and would take neither rest nor food until the work was done. Though men of science seek fame and fortune through their works, he sought only to mitigate the torment of those whose sacrifice keeps such men free to do so.’
‘Remarkable. He is something of a swordsman, I hear?’
She felt an ease in his character as he swept up the wineglass. ‘Oh, indeed. Though I doubt his ability on the battlefield, his skill with fencing sword is matchless. Often we have contested the strip and I found myself deferring to his swordsmanship. It’s his reading of the human body, you see? The man knows what your hands and feet will do before you do, thus you are beaten before you strike.’
‘You list qualities that none could fault, Captain Hale. A humble warrior and an accomplished healer, Mr. Dalton would seem a blessing to those who count him as a friend.’ 
The implication was clear – James Dalton, the ideal of gentlemanly conduct, a man to match. She felt his embarrassment and leaned towards him. ‘Would there were more men like Mr. James Dalton and Captain Milton Hale. You complement each other like brothers, captain, as both seek to manifest a little of the other. Thus you are firm friends to the end.’
‘To the end?’
‘All things must pass, captain. All lives must give way to injury, disease, or the inevitability of time.’
His concern overcame his distaste, and she admired him for it. ‘Miss Grey, is this why you seek James’s assistance? Are you quite yourself?’
Her eyes shimmered in the dim light and she felt suddenly cheered, her teeth showing through a peal of quiet laughter, more sincere than she had known in years. Sitting back, she put a hand to her mouth, the Crucible men taking their chance along with everyone else to stare at the striking young lady. 
‘Forgive me, Captain Hale,’ 
They would be armed – she would take them later and question them. For now, she was enjoying the young captain’s company. 
‘For you see, I have not been myself for quite some time.’

Darkness had fallen and Hale realised he was overdue at barracks. He couldn’t remember a time when he had enjoyed the company of another, save that of James Dalton, and he was nowhere near as attractive as the woman before him. Still, he had the idea that making any kind of advance to her would see a lessening of affection, a loss that would not be regained. ‘Miss Grey, much as I have enjoyed your company I must return to my garrison. Might I escort you there or at the very least call you a carriage?’
She folded her arms. ‘You are kind, captain. And I have greatly enjoyed your company. But there is no cause to escort me nor call a carriage, I will find my way home in due course.’
Hale blanched. ‘You will not, Miss Grey. I could not bear the thought of you making your way unescorted through London’s streets.’ She was smiling, her amusement piquing his bluster. ‘James Dalton would not hear of it, he would be furious to know of me leaving a young woman unattended. It cannot be borne – I will not allow it.’
His resolve melted under the warmth of her voice. ‘You will allow it, Captain Hale, that much is clear.’
He sought to say more, feeling himself cede under her lucent gaze and giving up with a sigh. ‘At least tell me how you mean to return home? Allow me that so I might rest easy.’
She sat back and lifted her eyes to the smoke-dark beams. ‘I had not thought on it. Perhaps a carriage, perhaps a walk through the borough while enjoying the sights and sounds of London’s night.’
Hale thought he was being teased yet again. ‘How is it you can be so assured? Your sensibilities are as alien as Alexandria’s skies.’
‘As I said, one day soon we might discuss such matters. Though, for now . . .’ She lifted a hand, and he stood, putting his lips to her fingers. Collecting his shako he bowed again, wanting to say more. 
In the end, there was little more to say. ‘Please take care, Miss Grey. I would have the pleasure of your company before too long.’
‘Depend on it, Captain Hale. You are a credit to the colours you serve under.’
Despite his seniority he felt himself flushing at her approval. Straightening his jacket, he nodded smartly, almost tripping over his scabbard in his haste, lest his reddening face give himself away.

She sighed at his leaving. It was rare for her to know genuine affection, such friendships were ephemeral to her – and the young captain had proved his capacity for good grace, though she allowed a moment’s satisfaction at being the author of his renewal. 
The proprietor arrived with another glass of wine, a parting courtesy from Captain Hale, he said, and she accepted it with thanks. Milton Hale had been well worth her time.
And time was the most she had to offer.
The wine warmed her, a welcome conclusion to an encounter with James Dalton’s closest friend, though she tempered her mood with the truth of her intentions. She was using Hale as she used Grace Kendal, placing herself near the young physician via his circle of friends, earning his trust through those he held most dear.
The glass stood on the dark wood, turned between her fingers as she stared at the blood-coloured liquid, reflections of candlelights and the faces of the Crucible men mirrored in the bowl. 
Always she was constrained to manipulate those around her. Her reality demanded it.
Always the outsider.
And the day was not yet over, there was darker work to be done. She drained the glass and stood to leave, lifting her hat. The candlelights seemed brighter somehow, a warming glow matching the pleasant sensation in her breast, and she blinked in the smoky atmosphere. People’s voices, so clear and distinct, were becoming muted, inaudible – a confused discord.
She frowned, a creeping unease displacing the warmth. She had felt like this once before. A long time ago.
Her eyes came to the wine glass, vision soft and ill-defined. Time seemed to slow and she turned awkwardly, placing a senseless hand on the table to steady herself as her gaze found the Crucible men, their eyes filled with intent.
‘Eve . . . you conceited fool.’ 
She couldn’t help smiling at her lack of humility – hubris had brought her to this. The poison was working quickly, and she staggered outside, a few calls of concern lost in the ringing in her ears, deafening her as she smeared a thin drool from her lips.
So undignified. 
Staggering into the street her legs refused to keep her upright and she felt strong arms take her and drag her up, a harsh voice – brutal and without sympathy – surprised at her weight as she was guided to a cart, waiting in a side-street.
Someone passed close by. ‘Sir, would – you . . .’ A kind face – a docker in the company of his lady said something – and he was lambasted by the men holding her, some kind of excuse at her having taken too much wine.
As if she would be so tawdry.
She made to strike her assailants, raised her hand into a fist that would make a bloody ruin of them. All that happened was a listless wave of her fingers. Her mouth wouldn’t work and her legs could no longer support her. She felt herself manhandled into the back of the cart while a tarpaulin, stinking of dead fish and meat, was thrown over her, her limbs feeling but not answering as the cart began to move over cobbled streets. 
She was so very tired, a suffocating warmth making her yearn for sleep. Perhaps she might rest. 
No-one had earned it more.
 
Oars dipped and rose in the river’s dark waters as the boat pulled for Blackfriars Bridge, a mist hiding its progress from those still about under the pale moonlight. The bridge was quiet, the dockside wharves still as Dyer drew on the oars, keeping their progress smooth. Brande was busy about the woman, tugging off her dress and piling it next to her effects – a gift for Hooke’s mistress once their task was done. She lay in the bottom of the boat, settled in foul bilge water that stirred her dark hair and made her shift cling to her body, pale as death, even as her breast rose with the occasional breath.
‘She still lives.’ 
Brande’s gaze flickered up to Dyer, his snarl more loathsome in the sickly moonlight, casting her clothes into the boat’s stern. ‘You dosed her wrong, you might have fucked-up everything.’
Dyer winced, not at the language – he was used to far worse from the former bedlamite – but the suggestion that he might have messed-up was a slur. Dark as his profession was, he gave himself to certain standards. ‘I gave her enough to fell a bull.’
‘Evidently not, say’s I!’ Brande hissed, the gangling cutthroat fixing him with a twitching eye as spittle ran from the ruin of his mouth.
‘Quiet. There might be watchmen about,’ Dyer steered the craft under the bridge’s arch, drops of scum falling from the stone to strike the water. ‘The result will be the same – her time has come. Time to set this mermaid adrift, eh?’
Brande sat on the bow-thwart, gazing at the senseless woman, and he caressed her face with claw-like fingers, pulling hair from her eyes. Dyer had seen him show such strange affection before. Far from unnerving him, it made the man more interesting. If someone asked him how he tolerated such a fellow – dire, even by the Crucible’s standards – he would have offered nothing more than the truth, unrestrained by the fancy words of stuck-up magistrates who sat in judgment given by fortune and privilege. 
He simply preferred the company of murderers. 
You knew where you were with them. Officers, magistrates, the noble elite – they hid their designs behind unfathomable words and conventions. One moment they were your best friend – a pat on the back and a kind word to those who might make your beggarly life a little easier – the next they were whispering poison against you, dismissing you as worthless and leaving you to your fate, as though you meant less than nothing to them.
He rubbed the shoulder where the musket ball had broken it, a reminder of services unrewarded to the nation, watching as Brande pulled lengths of chains from the thwarts. His scrawny arms belied a fearsome strength, driven by madness. A memory of dragging Brande clear of the line after a volley had shattered his jaw – pronounced unsurvivable by a drunken surgeon while he hissed and spat and choked in his own blood. Of words and threats that led to a flogging – a knife in the dark – revenge for the bastard’s testimony at the court-martial, and a flight from the line while they stowed-away on a merchantman bound for London, disappearing into the underworld fraternity of Jacob Hooke. 
Somehow Brande had survived – Dyer put it down to the lunatic tendencies that saw him at the forefront of battle, where his savagery found release, and the moments of calm where the two men had begun an uneasy alliance.
They were brothers, not in arms, but in hard-hearted malice. He found comfort in that. It was what they did, nothing more.
 You had to be good at something.
‘What the fuck are you looking at?’
Dyer grinned at him. ‘Nowt, my old cocker. Thinking of times past when we were pouring gunfire into the ranks of God-knew-who back on the continent.’
Brande’s face contorted in a parody of a smile. ‘Thought you were going molly on I.’
‘I think I can do better than you, mate.’
‘What do you mean by that?’
But then, the man had no sense of humour. ‘A jest, nothing more. You have your lady to keep you warm at night now, eh?’
Suspicion flared on Brande’s face and Dyer wondered if he had gone too far, feeling for the club he kept at his waist. A hiss that might have been a sigh escaped what was left of Brande’s mouth, and Dyer relaxed as the contradiction that he could not quite bring himself to call friend settled once more. ‘Aye, that I do. It’s a rare thing, to be loved and to have Brande’s love waiting for him.’
He was insane – predictably so, but cracked nonetheless. ‘Well, now – let’s be putting our cadaverous lady here to rest and then you can be away to yours. Take her hands while I bind her feet.’
Brande passed him a length of chain and he busied himself wrapping the links around her pale flesh, a padlock fixing the shackles in place as they sat back to admire their work. ‘Waste of a pretty young doxy, if you ask. Why anyone would go to so much trouble is beyond me. Waste of good iron, too.’
‘You want to go against Hooke’s wishes?’
Another hiss, though this time his face shivered with doubt. ‘Never that. Don’t say that. Don’t say that Brande even mentioned it.’
Dyer smirked in the dark – all men were vulnerable, all had their flaws. It suited him to know their nature and exploit them. Balance, though, was a better motivator, and he lifted a bottle from beneath his cloak, tipping it back and forth. ‘Well then, shall we conclude our business? A quick livener before you take my leave and return to your bed-warmer?’
Brande’s yellow teeth were exposed in a grin, and he nodded, kneeling to get his hands under the dying woman’s body while Dyer bent to help, grunting with the effort. 
She struck the water with a gentle splash and drifted downwards, pale shift and paler flesh receding into darkness.
‘Even for a dead-weight she was a fucking load.’
Dyer pulled for shore while Brande pulled from the bottle.

Cold enveloped her. Darkness surrounded her. 
She was drifting forever – falling through an infinite night, set loose, continually searching. 
Doomed to be alone. Always the outsider.
Had she failed? 
She dimly remembered the joy of realisation, of accomplishment.
Surely she had not failed?
There was a pressure building – distant, growing near.
Something else came near, her attention was piqued.
Life. 
Life was her motivation. To live again, to persist in the wake of death. She put forward her senses, tried to reach out, to touch it.
She was perceived. A moment’s alarm and the life receded, gone from her.
Don’t go.
She reached out, but her hands were bound.
The pressure was building, becoming painful. Her fall was arrested in the softness under her, sinking into the soil of the world she had watched from afar and reached for over millennia.
Why, then, did the cold and the darkness still surround her?
The pressure was awful.
She forced her mind to awaken. 
And opened her eyes. 

Fear and panic. 
They were unknown to her for so long that she failed to recognise their caress, known all too well by others, but not her.
She knew now.
Her feet were deep in the silt of the river – an appalling softness that clutched at her, yearned to embrace her. Her eyes could see little in the crushing depth of water and she pushed down, tried to launch herself from the riverbed. 
The sediment scattered her efforts, clutched at her and drew her back. She wanted to breathe – a thin trickle of water passed her lips, and she grunted in horror. 
Once before, she had been compelled to stay submerged for an hour on a breath of air. Now she was unprepared, and weak, the poison not yet done with her.
She strained at her bonds. The chains were tight and she couldn’t break them in the river’s depths. She pushed again and still the riverbed would not release her.
She was fading.
She remembered, once before, when Elias had tried to take her, to end her. 
She believed it then – she believed it now.
She pushed again, and again her feet felt the sediment scatter, even as she threw down her hands, pushing herself a little higher then drifting down once more. Not high enough, not nearly enough. Her chest was bound in iron, choking back the need to breathe the frigid water.
A spark of comfort flared in her mind, a candle in the darkness of her long life – of those she had known and loved. Comfort and opportunity had come and gone, far more than she deserved. Knowledge that she alone had known, of the nature of the world, of worlds beyond.
Would she be found? Would her body be left to rot in the riverbed, lost to memory? Or would her remains be brought to the surface, a chance encounter with a ship’s cordage or anchor chains? What would they make of her, pallid and chained – the strange young woman, found by chance, brought before the anatomists for dissection.
Would James Dalton stand over her? Would he stand with his anatomist’s tools and cry out in horror as her reality was laid bare?
James. He was the reason she still had purpose.
He was the agent that might bring her hope.
Her lungs were bursting. Water trickled between her lips.
He was—
Her feet touched on a submerged rock, the surface made slippery with weed. She braced herself, legs bent and arms over her head. Her mind was going as sparks of light erupted in front of her eyes and her body convulsed, voiding her bladder into the water.
One chance.
She pushed, throwing down her arms and driving herself upwards, her hair and shift tangled about her as she fought back the urge to breathe, the urge to pass out forever.
She broke the surface with a hideous gasp. Cold air filled her breast, her eyes clearing – the suffocating darkness gone, and she saw the distant moonlit riverbank, drifting as the current took her, sinking again, encumbered by her bonds.
It didn’t matter – she had her chance and let herself fall, pulling at the water, using her hands to stroke towards the riverbank. She touched down in the sediment again, falling in a dreamlike pronation as she crawled through mud and reeds and found another rock, another foundation from which to propel herself. This time she pushed forwards, not up – sending herself towards the bank, finding sediment replaced by shingle and sand. Again she leaped, and again she broke the surface of the river, twisting onto her back and falling in the shallows while the waters lapped over her face.
She lay there for a while, at the border between land and water, and listened. 
No voices came, no cries of alarm or call for her seizure. The waters settled and she could see the stars above, patterns of light over London’s skies.
The stars drew her on, the promise of knowledge that eluded her, and she rolled out of the water onto the mudflats of the south bank, her shift and hair plastered with filth, clinging to her face and body as she lay on her back and breathed.
A satisfaction grew at surviving the Crucible’s attempt on her life. For long years she had felt the uncertainty of her existence, the inevitable passing of those she came close to. Death gave everyone perspective, even her, and a soft chuckle escaped her as she gazed about.
She was alone. The rise of the moon and patterns of stars told her it was long after midnight and the nearby streets were quiet. Ships stirred at anchor along the north bank. 
She felt eyes on her. A gull, settled atop one of many piles – rotting timbers and iron set into the mud of the riverbank – watched her with evil yellow eyes as she lay in silted muck, a pool of water forming about her. 
‘What are you looking at?’
The gull ignored her. She rolled over and over, towards the piling, plastering herself with cold-stinking mud and lifting her legs, until the chains that bound them rested against the jagged edge of the post. 
‘Haven’t you seen a drowning woman cutting her bonds beside a river before?’
She drew up her legs and thrust them out, the chains breaking with a squeal of metal, throwing out sparks as they fell from her feet. The gull leapt into the sky, crying with resentment, and soared towards the peace of the north bank.
She thrust out her legs again and flung herself into a kneeling position, bringing the bonds about her wrists against the rusted piling and breaking them. They slipped from her hands to lie in the mud as she came to her feet – a ghost of filth and crepe – and gazed around.
She was alone, her efforts unheeded by locals who remained indoors and abed in unconcerned slumber, and she walked through the mud to stone steps, finding herself downriver in Bankside.
‘And here I stand, conveniently dead.’
The last of the poison was leaving her, the dryness in her mouth easing as her senses cleared. She turned towards Newington and began to walk, footprints marking her passing as her eyes gleamed in the darkness.
‘One has a mind to return the favour.’



Chapter 20



Grace Kendal kept a cottage on the border of her estate for the independence and privacy of her wards, and Charlotte peered through a window – the carriage’s arrival making her start. She turned to Victoria, descending the stairs, listlessly.
‘What do we tell her?’
Grace had requested they accompany her to London for the day. They had been enthusiastic at the idea, readying themselves for the visit. Though only two remained to make the journey. ‘What can we tell her but the truth?’ Victoria sounded nervous. ‘Joanna has failed to return, either through fault of her own or—’
Charlotte’s honest face blanched and she came closer. ‘Surely not? She is so resourceful, so sure of herself.’
‘Away from polite company I fear her certainty may prove dangerous, Lottie.’
‘But – she was to visit Mr. Dalton. How could there be anything wrong?’
Victoria took a moment. ‘That would be the crux of our mystery. If she had met Mr. Dalton as promised surely all would be well.’
Charlotte started at the knock. 
‘Open it, Vicky,’ she whispered. The door opened to find Lady Kendal’s footman standing before her, inclining his head as Grace exited her carriage and came forward to inspect them. 
They declined before her as she spoke. ‘Ladies, you look divine. Serene.’
Their eyes dashed back and forth as they rose, avoiding her gaze. 
Serenity, it seemed, was lacking.
‘What has happened?’

‘I’m sorry, Lady Kendal. We should have sent word the moment we realised Joanna was overdue.’ Charlotte leant forward with her hands clasped, the motion of the carriage adding to her humility. ‘We simply thought—’ 
Victoria interrupted. ‘We believed that Joanna had spent such an enjoyable day with James – with Mr. Dalton that—’
Grace had listened to their excuses in silence since taking the carriage and ordering the driver to Southwark, the Surrey countryside holding more concern than the appeals of her charges. ‘You believed what? What did you believe?’ They flushed at her anger, finding their laps more interesting than their excuses. ‘Listen to me, ladies. James Dalton has no interest in the romantic inclinations of Joanna Martindale or, for that matter, anyone else. His work is his life. There may come a time when he desires to establish hearth and home with a lady of quality but that time is not now,’ they gaped at her. ‘Surely you must be aware of that, or has my instruction been all for naught?’
Charlotte spoke. ‘But – she spoke of their burgeoning friendship, of dreams of courtship,’ she turned to Victoria. ‘She had us believe her affections were returned.’
Grace shut her eyes, and when they opened she retained her sour expression. ‘Dreams, Miss Bennet – a fantasy Joanna wove about herself, and being so headstrong has allowed herself to be fooled by.’ Her head shook, either from the carriage’s motion or irritation. ‘And you allowed her to persist in such a fiction. I thought better of you both.’
Victoria sat silent, while Charlotte persisted. ‘We did not know.’
Grace sighed. This wasn’t the first time she had to resolve a dilemma with one of her charges, but it was the first time she had misplaced one under her care. God only knew what Joanna Martindale’s father would say if anything had happened to her. Worse still the damage it might do to her reputation. 
She allowed herself a smile at that. At the very least she had tried to lead a blameless life, though at that moment, more than anything, she wished Harry was back with her. 
Life was most unfair. 
Though fair had nothing to do with it – the circumstances were what they were and Henry Kendal’s spirit lingered within her. ‘Tell me all you remember – the time Joanna left to meet the post-chaise, those she deemed to accompany her, her arrival time in London, her plans on meeting Mr. Dalton,’ she sat back as the countryside gave way to London’s outskirts. ‘Everything.’

Dalton took the stairs of the faculty two at a time. He had been busy at his instruments and textbooks for hours, the mysteries of Eve Grey’s examination eluding him, though numerous hypotheses presented themselves and were discarded. The work inflamed him, and the steward’s message that he had visitors added more kindling – perhaps someone of standing within the hospital who could provide a suggestion or two. Although her insistence on strict confidentiality would make it tricky. Besides, he found himself coveting her case, finding it inconceivable that he would share such knowledge.
It might even be her come to visit.
He quickened his pace, straightening his jacket and hair and turning into the reception. 
It was a moment’s disappointment to find Grace Kendal and her young charges before smiling respectfully, flushed from his haste. ‘Lady Kendal, this is a surprise. And Miss Bennet and Miss Cavendish – honoured to see you.’
‘James, I feel uncivil in asking this but is Joanna here?’ 
Something was amiss. 
‘Why, no – why would she be?’
‘Have you seen her? Within the past day or two?’
He shook his head. ‘I have not, not since your social.’ He caught Victoria and Charlotte’s glance. ‘Tell me what has happened.’
The younger women sat as Grace closed with him. ‘Two days prior, Joanna boarded a post-chaise with the intention of meeting you here. I have already spoken to the director of the post-house and he confirms her arrival sometime after noon. The warden of the faculty remembers seeing her arriving here a little later but cannot recall seeing her at any other time.’
His unease was growing. ‘Lady Kendal, upon my honour, I have not seen Miss Martindale since the night you hosted us at your home, I give you my word.’
She placed a hand on his face with a pained smile. ‘I know, James. I simply need to find my wayward charge.’ Charlotte and Victoria gazed helplessly back as she turned and spoke over her shoulder. ‘Have you seen anyone who might know where she could be? Anyone who might know her?’
‘The only visitor I have had of note was Miss Grey, on the day you mentioned.’
Grace came about, a light in her eyes. ‘Evelida Grey? She was here, on that day – at that time?’
‘Indeed she was. Do you think it relevant?’
Charlotte and Victoria shared a meaningful look as she turned back to him. ‘Miss Martindale has professed romantic feelings to you for some time, James. No, do not object, I know you are aware of this. I dismissed such feelings as mere calf-love, knowing the fickle hearts of young ladies.’ She lowered her eyes. ‘I think myself too wise in the world.’
‘Then – you believe Joanna might have seen me with Miss Grey, and thinking that – but this is absurd.’
‘God preserve us from honest men. How long did Miss Grey remain in your company?’
‘An hour, perhaps two at most.’ 
Victoria and Charlotte stood as Grace stared at him. ‘This was a previously arranged appointment?’
‘Of course. She came to me as a patient requesting an examination and my opinion regarding the analysis. Naturally, I accepted and the examination took place as agreed.’ 
‘And your chaperone can avow to this?’
He swallowed hard. It wasn’t the truth of his confirmation, it was the nature of her visit she wanted.
Better to grasp the nettle. ‘There was no chaperone.’
Charlotte and Victoria gaped at his impropriety. Grace continued to stare, staying silent. He couldn’t meet their eyes. ‘You must understand – she is most insistent. She would not concede to a chaperone, no matter how I argued.’
Grace spoke over her shoulder. ‘A little reserve, if you please, ladies. We have more serious matters than coffee-shop tattle ahead of us,’ she fixed on Dalton, doing his best to appear dignified. ‘She is insistent, of that I have no doubt. And I take it there was sincere consideration – medical consideration – for her confidentiality?’
‘Most certainly. You have my word on that.’
Her face softened. ‘Then we need concern ourselves here no longer. We should take to Miss Grey’s with due haste – she might help us shed some light upon our wayward charge.’
‘This would seem to be an opportune moment.’
At the sound of the melodious voice they turned to the entrance, Charlotte and Victoria starting at the sight of Evelida Grey.

She felt their surprise, James’s tinged by wonder and relief, Grace’s with uncertainty and admiration. Charlotte and Victoria were watching her with a hint of animosity.
She inclined her head and breathed, a multitude of notions coming to her. 
Fear. On behalf of someone not present.
Joanna Martindale was not present.
‘Miss Grey, it is gratifying to find you here – and now. We have need of your assistance,’ said Grace.
 She would give them the time they needed. ‘You appear to be short one of your wards, Lady Kendal.’
Charlotte and Victoria’s hostility was like a barb in her mind. James’s eyes narrowed, though a suggestion of reverence from him and Grace made her stifle a smile. ‘Nothing slips your attention, Miss Grey. Miss Martindale has not been seen since arriving in Southwark – unattended, I might add, two days ago. We believe she was to visit Mr. Dalton on the same day, and quite possibly, at the same time as you.’
Victoria hissed something unfavourable to Charlotte. 
A memory of a presence – of alarm, came to her – the moment she had left James, an anguish she hadn’t fixed on. James had been disturbed and fascinated by her examination. An accord had been forged, whether knowingly or not.
Joanna was determined and audacious. If she had seen them together, if she had mistakenly perceived – 
‘Have you informed the constables, the watchmen?’
Grace hid her anxiety, a rising dread in her blood. ‘You think that necessary?’
She stared back, feeling her words take root. An opportunity had presented itself, though in doing so a tragedy might be revealed. She placed her hat above her black tresses and turned to leave. 
James spoke for them. ‘Eve – Miss Grey, are you leaving? Where are you going?’
She turned. ‘You know where I go, James. As to your wards, Lady Kendal, standing in uncharitable judgment, I will try to earn their favour. Inform the constables if you wish, though I believe I have the better of it.’
An expectant pause left them silent, James and Grace marvelling at her, Charlotte and Victoria’s shame sharpened by her boldness.
She was gone.



Chapter 21



Stars showed over London, unimpeded by smoke or moonlight, and a mist, teased from the river by the cold night, sifted cobbled streets with a pallor that drew sounds from afar. Tendrils of haze crept about the cornerstones and gravestones of St Saviour’s churchyard, standing watch over the dead. 
In the depths of the cemetery, sheltered beneath the boughs of an aged tree, a figure sat before a solitary headstone, it’s head bowed. A fall of night-black hair shrouded her features, a pale hand draped languidly over one knee. A chiffon dress gave her a spectral cast as mist drifted about bare feet. From time to time she would turn her head, revealing her pallid face and silently moving lips. Far beyond the iron gates of the churchyard came voices, muted by the vapour spilling from the river and by their furtive whispering. She lifted her head, though her eyes stayed closed, and breathed deep, listening. 
They were close now. 
Opening her eyes, she crossed her legs, turning to the sandstone marker and running her fingers over the weathered surface. Ivy had crept from a hedgerow at the churchyard’s boundary and engulfed the old tree that sheltered the grave, sending out creepers to twist about the headstone. She teased the runners from the surface, revealing the words carved beneath. 
The voices came to her, cursing softly as they scaled the iron fence. 
Tracing a fingertip through the indistinct words that she herself had carved in the headstone, her nails drew moss and sandstone from within, defining the lines that time sought to erode. At last she stood and examined her work, reading the words she had written in a moment of uncharacteristic sentimentality:



Malachi Curtis
1619 – 1694
Time’s arrow pierced thy heart; 
Thine endureth in me



She stared at the worn headstone, her eyes bright in the darkness.
It wouldn’t do to show compassion.
‘I have to go to work.’ 
She smiled as she spoke and turned from the grave to the voices at the far end of the churchyard, pausing to look back. 
‘You would like him.’

‘I don’t like this, Morgan.’ 
Two figures moved cautiously between the headstones of St Saviour’s, a shielded lantern held before the larger as the smaller fellow hurried to keep up. A length of rope hung coiled from his shoulder and a shovel was held before him. 
‘It’s too early for this, there may be watchmen about.’ The big man held the lantern above the mist, bringing it near one grave then another, peering beneath a cloth cap as he did so. Glancing over his shoulder, the other hissed in the dark. ‘We should leave. We might return at another time.’
He nearly collided with the big man, pausing between a sandstone crucifix and a worn headstone. ‘Take the lantern.’ The smaller fellow took the lamp, struggling with the rope as the big man knelt in the mist. ‘Hold it steady.’ His voice betrayed his irritation as the lad struggled, peering into the gloom, searching for signs of betrayal and feeling a growing sense of fear.
‘I don’t like this.’ 
He was suddenly face to face with the other, a fistful of shirt in the big man’s hand. ‘You like ten shillings, Sykes? You like keeping your stupid, craven head on your shoulders?’ He nodded as the bigger man released him. ‘Then keep your damned noise low and we’ll be gone from this place before you know it. Hold the lantern near.’
Sykes did as he was told, letting a flickering light fall on the headstone, bringing the words into relief. Morgan hissed—’This is the one, sown only yesterday,’ a smirk in the lamplight as he straightened and glared at Sykes. ‘Fresh meat for the anatomists, boy, and I daresay a couple of week’s good living for us both. Time to turn the sod.’
Sykes’s eyes were wide, darting from Morgan’s, to the grave, and back again, seeing shapes in the gloom, then nothing but mist and darkness. Morgan shook his head, dropping his shovel in wet grass and taking the younger man’s effects. Placing the lantern before the grave he thrust a hand into his jacket and threw him something – catching it in nervous fingers. ‘What’s this?’ Sykes turned it in the lamplight – a length of thin bamboo, stuffed with what looked like tobacco and tar.
‘Something to calm your nerves, boy.’
Sykes raised the bamboo to his nose and sniffed, wrinkling his nose. ‘Is this opium?’
‘Aye. You can consider that a favour,’ Morgan was marking out the shrouded earth with the rope. ‘And if you find yourself having a liking for it, well, you just come to old Morgan and I’ll see you right for more.’
Sykes was holding the drug as though it might burn him ‘How did you come by it?’
‘Took it from the chinkas over by the docks. They don’t miss a drop, here and there.’
‘Does Mr. Hooke know?’
Morgan’s face was before his. ‘He does not. Nor will he, you follow?’ Sykes nodded vigorously. ‘That there’s a favour to you. No need for anyone to know. You find yourself enjoying its company, next time you pay – just a token, enough to cover my costs, eh? Now you put that away,’ Morgan folded a meaty hand about Sykes’s, pushing the contraband into his jacket, ‘and we’ll be about our business.’
Sykes’s eyes were wider still, heart pounding fit to burst, but not from the man’s threat. He stared over Morgan’s shoulder, rooted in terror, his blood filled with ice.
A ghost was staring back at him.

She knew him, knew him for his weakness. 
He would suffice.
The other man turned, staring at her in disbelief. Fear and superstition wore lightly about him, he brought fear to others and didn’t suffer it’s touch as they did. 
He hadn’t the imagination.
A little of her reality was called for. She would do her best to avoid killing them.
After all, one could not rehabilitate the dead.

Sykes stared at the apparition gazing at him, the lamplight dancing in her strange eyes. She was beautiful and familiar, uncannily still, as though born of the mist. Waves of black fell about her face and neck, pale as the dress that clothed her, and he fought back the terror. 
Morgan was less impressed. ‘Well, well – seems we have an audience. Don’t worry lad, she’s just some escaped bedlamite, wits gone to the devil and not the sense to be abed on this night.’ The big man turned to her and lifted the peak of his cap. ‘Cat got your tongue, lady? Go on, be off with you – we have a task at hand.’
‘As have I.’ 
Her voice was a whisper, full of portent.
Sykes felt the fear ease a little. ‘I know you – you were on the bridge.’ 
‘I arise in many places.’ She turned on Morgan. ‘You will not desecrate this earth.’
Sykes was staring, the fear returning. ‘Mr. Morgan—’
‘For the last time, Sykes, you have nothing to fear but your own piss-weak backbone,’ he picked up the shovel, brandishing it in both hands. ‘Here – let’s beat some sense into this moon-torn lackwit, then we might be done.’

The bigger man hefted the shovel, intent on knocking her senseless.
She smiled inwardly. 
A piece of theatre for the younger man’s benefit . . .

Sykes watched as Morgan brought the blade of the shovel to crash into her head and send her to the ground. He made to protest, something about not hurting her, but his courage was gone. 
She was as good as dead.
And then she closed her eyes, as though accepting her fate. The blade of the shovel passed over her as she fell, twisting inside the arc of the improvised weapon, closing on Morgan and turning him as her fingers found his eyes, drawing his head back and bending his body over her knee as her free hand stripped him of his jacket in a single, fluid motion – tearing it clear and exposing his neck and chest.
She was watching him as he gazed at her in disbelief. 
And stepping back in terror as her teeth – her eye-teeth – drew slowly from her upper jaw, her face twisted into a terrible guise, before sinking those awful, bone-white fangs into Morgan’s neck. 
The big man screamed in the darkness.
The last of his resolve melted away under the insane notion – could not be happening – impossible to believe. He turned, Morgan’s screams filling his ears, ignoring the hopelessness. He came to the churchyard’s iron gates and climbed without effort – a low mumbling as he cleared the top of the railings and landed heavily, ignoring the pain in his ankle. Staggering now, walking faster – starting to run, shaking his head and getting clear, saving himself.

Morgan fell on the grass, spilling mist about him – his hand going to his neck as he stared at her. 
She allowed herself the shallowest bite to the muscle – hardly worth worrying about. 
But then, presentation was everything. 
Easing her fangs, she lowered her face to his. ‘A proposal for you, Mr. Morgan. Desecrate one more grave and either I swallow your life whole or I inform Jacob Hooke of your surreptitious activities with the opium.’
He gaped at her, and she tasted bewilderment and fear. ‘I leave the choice to you, though I believe Mr. Hooke to be rather less forgiving than I.’ 
She straightened while he rubbed his neck, taking a hooded cloak from the branch of a willow tree, unnoticed, and shrouding herself in it. ‘Think carefully on your days, Mr. Morgan – they are numbered.’
Pulling the hood over her head, she hurled herself to the top of the fence and cast herself into the night.

His eyes were filled with tears as he gasped and sobbed his way through Southwark’s empty streets. Sykes’s breath was failing, legs burning with effort, though still he drove himself on. 
‘No, no, no, no . . .’ 
The crazed intonation wouldn’t stop. He needed it to deny the idea of Morgan, overwhelmed by the shade that haunted St Saviour’s. To quiet himself would bring madness and he came to a halt, forced to lean on his knees and gasp air into his lungs. Still he couldn’t stop the chant, clinging to it as a drowning man to driftwood. ‘No choice for me – helpless, Mr. Morgan. Could not stand against her – against that. No. No, no, no . . .’
Leaning against a shop-facing, dewy with mist, he closed his eyes against the vision – the pallid creature feeding on Morgan’s blood – the big man helpless in her embrace. His eyes screwed as tight as his lips while he gasped in more air, feeling his spirit return, his need to run. He could hear the bells of ships at a distant anchor – a momentary composure softening his lurking madness.
Jacob’s Island was less than a mile on foot, he might be there in ten minutes. Mr. Hooke could have his apologies tomorrow. No-one would doubt him once Morgan’s body were found.
If it were found.
He smeared away tears, stinging his face, and turned to run.
And cried out in terror.

The boy was at the brink of his sanity. 
Her face, half-veiled by the hood of her cloak, gazed into his wild-stricken eyes as the cry stopped in his mouth. The chemistry of fear she knew so well overwhelmed him, drained him of colour as sweat beaded his brow and drove his heart hideously fast, sweetening his blood. 
All to her advantage. 
‘You can live.’ 
A stain was spreading across the front of the boy’s breeches and he shivered under her gaze. She adopted a coquettish poise, parting her lips and speaking with a warmth that belied her pallor. ‘I require information regarding a young lady, of handsome yet haughty demeanour, missing from Southwark these past few days and rumoured taken by agents of the Crucible.’
Sykes’s hands were trembling as they left his mouth. ‘What – what lady?’
She came near and he squirmed against the brickwork. ‘Come, Mr. Sykes, how many women do you know abducted by your friends?’
‘No, no – they are not my friends. I have never – this is the first time—’
She was intimately close. ‘She follows me in height, though her eyes are emerald green and her hair falls in auburn waves.’ He quailed under her lucent, blue eyes. ‘You know of whom I speak?’
‘No. No, I have not – I know nothing of her, I swear.’
‘You wouldn’t lie to me, Mr. Sykes?’
‘I would not.’
Her face came near, bone-white fangs drawn between her lips as she caressed his face with her fingers, feeling him gasp and shudder at her touch. ‘Shall I take you into the cold earth, child? Forever rotting beneath the feet of those who search for you in vain?’
‘No! No – I know of somewhere, I might know of something,’ he shivered and moaned as she let her needle-sharp teeth pass over his jaw, pinning his shoulders to the wall in a crushing grip. ‘There is a house – deserted and crumbling, on the outskirts of Jacob’s Island. It is called a, a – repository,’ the words faltered as he tried to keep her at bay. ‘I hear of Hooke’s men using it to store items there. A man – an agent of Hooke’s – Brande – he talks of his woman, says she waits for him there.’
She let her hands fall from his shoulders, caressing his neck and pausing to savour the heartbeat, easing her fangs. 
He would not be comforted, not by her. ‘You have my gratitude.’ 
She turned from him, pulling the cowl over her head and stepping into the mist. 
‘Then – you will leave me be? I will live?’
A half-turn brought her gaze to his disbelieving eyes. ‘Attend church if you must, though stay away from graveyards. I will be watching for you.’ He nodded, a hand crossing his belly. ‘Give my regards to your brother – he has a good heart.’ 
Confusion crossed his face as her gaze drifted down. ‘Dignity, Mr. Sykes, is to be cultivated where possible – try to control yourself.’
He looked down to find his breeches wet and a puddle steaming about his feet.
When he looked up only darkness remained.



Chapter 22



Fleet pulled his cloak about him as the dark waters of the Thames slid beneath the coal-lighter, devoid of its load and returning under sail to the west of the city. From time to time, he would turn and grin at the master who steered the barge, and his mate, tending the sail, earning a suspicious look from both. He couldn’t blame them. An Irishman looking for quick transport to affluent West London, no questions asked, was always going to be conspicuous, but he was confined by circumstance and the orders of an unexpected employer.
The mate drew the mast low as the lighter slid under the arches of Westminster Bridge and Fleet smiled again, nodding at the master’s skill and earning a surly frown in return. Lowering his eyes to the coal-strewn bilge, he considered – they were obviously suspicious of his business in Chelsea. As amiable as he was, a sudden influx of Irish immigration to the capital following the Union of 1801 had brought waves of people, desperate for employment and falling back on whatever methods they could to survive. Suspicion was a fact of his life, and a red-headed young Irishman would be remembered. He didn’t belong, not in Chelsea.
‘Can’t thank you enough, lads, bringing me all this way in this grand vessel of yours. Sure, my uncle’s going to be cock-a-hoop at the sight of his nephew fetching up on his doorstep.’ The mate coiled a hemp hawser, watching as Fleet spoke, his eyes darting to the master. ‘You wouldn’t know the lord of Drogheda, being from such unassuming stock, would you?’
The waterman paused, doubt on his weathered face and looking to the skipper for assurance. They had been weighing him up as a potential mark, to be beaten and robbed and then handed over to the magistrates as a felon at large, Fleet was certain of it. The master narrowed his eyes. ‘The lord of who?’
Fleet gave him a friendly stare. ‘Not who – what. Drogheda, fairest town in all of Meath and a decent ride from Dublin. Ruled over by the noble Hugh de Lacy, God bless him.’
The skipper swapped a glance with the mate, holding a new interest. ‘You his nephew, then?’
Fleet was grinning, not out of relief but at their ignorance. De Lacy had been lord of Meath and Drogheda over five hundred years past, but this English dullard wasn’t to know that. He balanced the lie with his modest appearance. ‘His butler’s. But the family moves in the good man’s circles.’
Disappointment showed on their faces but it was clear they were no longer interested in him for cruel profit, being a man who moved in noble circles, and they busied themselves navigating the boat. 
Fleet breathed easy as the pestilent wetland of Millbank drew near – an anonymous location, free from curious eyes. ‘Anywhere here will be grand, lads.’ 
‘Here? This shit-hole? Thought you wanted to go to Chelsea?’
Fleet hefted his bag, eyeing the marshy grasses and sickly trees beyond, a rotting boardwalk for a treacherous landing as the master steered the craft alongside. ‘Don’t think the gentlemen of the manor would take too kindly to you fellows heaving-to with your cinder-bark, eh? I’ll walk from here.’
‘Suit yourself, Irish.’ Fleet stepped up to the thwart and vaulted onto the creaking platform, wincing at a bolt of pain as his boot slipped on the wet timbers. ‘You all right?’
He hobbled upright, cursing under his breath and rubbing his crotch. ‘Sure – too long in the company of cheap women, is all.’
The waterman laughed as the sail picked up, and he steered away from the bank. ‘Not all that noble, eh?’ 
He raised his hand in farewell as Fleet returned the gesture, the smile fading as he swore. ‘Jesus bloody Christ.’ 
Pulling down the waist of his breeches he relieved himself into the river, a stream of smoky piss steaming the late afternoon air. For days he’d been passing blood, bright at first, then a dull, stinging stream. Finally, it looked as though he was healing up, thought it’d do to take things steady until he could move in the manner he was known for. Stepping carefully along the creaking boardwalk, he swore again. There were still too many things wrong with this endeavour, too many risks not accounted for. 
Too bloody amateurish.
Dropping into a stinking morass of reed and mud, he clambered onto a riverfront of sand and tall grass, disturbing a martin, taking wing in a clatter that found him crouching and gazing through bullrushes. Seeing neither sight or sound of inquiring eyes he straightened, breaking off a long branch and seeking a path through the wetlands. Probing with the branch, he found firmer ground as he made his way towards the residences that bordered the grasses and cursed his plight – in sway to the Crucible – no longer entirely free. ‘But still alive and kicking, boy. Where there’s life, there’s a life to live.’ 
At the edge of the grassland he sat on a tuft of grass and slipped the bag from his shoulders, pulling his hood up and staring through the rushes. A grassy common led to the homes the gentry favoured along the riverbank, and he reached inside the bag, feeling for the food wrapped in paper and the bottles of ale. Settling down to watch, servants and ostlers came and went, and he found their routines, getting a feel for the area.
‘Jacob bloody Hooke.’ It was his own doing, of course. He had always been given to pushing his luck, relying on an innocent charm to talk his way out of trouble, or to simply leg it when his bluffs failed. Now here he was on unfamiliar ground, seeking to crack the home of a respectable physician at sod-all notice. It wasn’t just amateurish, it was humiliating, and he spat onto the grass before biting a hunk of bread from a loaf and stuffing a piece of cheese into his mouth. Pulling the cork from a bottle, he washed the food down with ale.
Why did he stay? Why take the chance that he’d be caught and be up before the beak once more, sentenced to transportation, or to dance the Tyburn jig – hanged outside Newgate prison? Or that he’d fail his obligation and be hunted by those mad bastards the Crucible favoured over slick and able fellows that deserved better recognition. Fellows like him. 
Should have run – taken his leave of London and moved on to fresh woods and pastures new. There were always opportunities to be had, always breaks for a clever fellow with fast feet and quick wits. It was madness to remain.
A dog barked in the distance. A smartly-dressed servant had exited a nearby house – no manorial pile, but still grand, all Romanesque windows and columns. The servant picked up a stick, throwing it into the grass and the hound – a big mastiff – ran to return it.
‘Go on, Hector!’ 
He risked a glance. The house-man had hurled the stick to the other side of the common, taking him away from the wild rushes of the marsh as the mastiff ran to the edge of a turnpike road. A carriage had appeared, travelling east and earning the servant a reproof from the coachman as the hound came near. Calling the dog to heel, the fellow made his obeisance and withdrew to the back door, patting down the animal and bringing it inside.
Fleet was grinning inside the hood. Hector. Hooke had said that Bachelor kept a mastiff by that name. The animal was huge, a man-killer for sure, but despite that he found his heart pounding, the fear and excitement drawing him on.
This was why he stayed, why he didn’t run and why he did what he did. His trade was his life. Chance had found his goal and chance so often favoured him, skill and talent doing the rest. Hooke would have his prize and he would have his recognition before saying farewell to the Crucible once and for all.
He took another swig of ale before settling down to watch the comings and goings of the house as night began to fall. There were only two servants, a man and a woman – probably a couple, knowing the store the gentry set on marriage. He was sure there was a kennel at the back, and once inside he would not be disturbed by a protective, dangerous dog.
Now he just had to get in.
Candles had been lit in the parlour ready for the master’s return and he suspected Bachelor used the room for a study, overlooking the river while making the most of the daylight. He rolled contentedly onto his back and chewed thoughtfully on a reed, hands behind his head while staring at the darkening sky and let his eyes close, listening for the sounds of Bachelor’s return.
An hour or more passed. Fleet woke with a start, the sound of wheels and horseshoes on the road marking the return of the master. Rolling over, he pulled the cowl from his eyes and peered through the gloom. Coach-lights and house-lamps cast pools of light as his eyes adjusted, seeing a coachman holding the door. Bachelor was entirely as Hooke had described, ponderous in his age. His retainers attended on him, the fellow who had walked the dog bowing as the woman curtseyed. A click of the coachman’s tongue and the carriage moved away from the riverside holdings. He watched it’s lights fading, silence returning to the common.
He could see Bachelor enter the warm-lit room at the back of the house, leafing through correspondence as the gentleman retainer poured him a measure of spirits. He licked his lips at the thought of a glass of whisky – Irish or not, a shot of liquor would make the evening’s labours so much more bearable – but the task was what mattered, to deviate from it was to invite trouble. 
Bachelor drained the glass before leaving as the retainer snuffed out the candles, and the parlour was left in darkness. The curtains were drawn, the bedroom lamps finally extinguished and leaving him a sense of isolation. Not that he minded, despite his character he spent so much time trying to avoid people that solitude became a comfort. You knew where you were with yourself, once you introduced others it just complicated matters.
Jacob bloody Hooke.
He yawned in the darkness and stared at the sky. One more hour and he would make his move.
This was what he lived for.

From the darkness of a narrow alley, she gazed at the dilapidated terrace house. Windows had been smashed or deliberately put out and replaced with boards, while the door had been damaged and repaired many times. Aside from the decaying exterior, the house was notable for its stillness. Empty properties in Jacob’s Island rarely stayed empty, occupied by the poor, the vagrant and the hopelessly homeless. 
That it stayed unoccupied was curious.
She pressed herself against a wall of bricks, running with scum and torn bills, and watched. Two figures staggered from the door of a nearby tavern, spilling slurred insults, their voices thickened by ale. They faced each other in the muddy street, gesturing wildly – belligerent tones adding to their growing hostility, despite their inability to stand upright. 
At once, their garbled words carried a note of reconciliation, an easing of hostilities, lurching together as they shuffled out of sight and using one other for support. 
She waited. Somewhere a church-bell rang the hours and the lanterns that lit the tavern were extinguished, the moon hidden by cloud and the alley left in silence. Minutes passed and still she remained alone, the rain easing to a fine mist that clung to her, slicking her cloak and dress to the contours of her body. Her breath mixed with the mist as rats scratched and scurried along the base of the walls, guttering spilling water into the street as they circled her feet. So still was she that they stopped and sniffed and moved on without fear. 
The minutes passed and no-one came. 
She sprang from the wall and ran across the street, leaping between puddles and into an alcove where a rotting outhouse stood. A window, boarded and without glass, protruded from damp brickwork – more than a man’s height above the latrine – and she crouched and leapt, vaulting higher still from the splintered wood of the outhouse and perched by her toes on the window-ledge. Her fingers clawed into the timber frame, supporting her as she stood spreadeagled, and listened for disturbance or cries of alarm. Still the house remained in silence, the only sound a trickling of slackening water from the guttering. 
Her fingers slid out of the wood and curled around a single board, hammered across the window, pulling as the timber easing free over rusting nails. She slid the board through the widening gap and repeated the process until there was space to wind her body inside. Finding herself crouched on a bare wooden landing and stairs, she saw a row of doors, pushing herself against the wall between them. No lights shone from the hall below, nor beneath the doors as she listened. And when no sound came she took a long breath. 
Something was alive here – something bigger than the rats and cockroaches that scurried and chittered below.
Gliding from one doorway to the next she found scars and furrows, etched from crates and other items in the wood beneath the doors. Storerooms – the house had some value to Hooke’s confederates.
The door at the end of the landing had no such marks beneath it, though footprints and grime suggested it was well used. She slipped closer, a foot from the door. And froze. 
Something dwelled within. 
Her eyes closed while she held her breath, suppressing the sounds of her body and seeking the sounds of another.
A solitary heartbeat, and a woeful sigh.
There were bolts on the outside of the door, above and below the doorknob, and she came to her feet. Licking a forefinger she slid one, then the other home, and listened. 
The heartbeat within quickened, along with the breathing, and a smell of rank terror spilled beneath the door.
 ‘No!’
 Frowning, she turned the doorknob and felt the latch give. Still the door didn’t move, and she pushed with hands and feet, increasing the pressure until the latch bent free, the door swinging open into the room beyond.
Letting the door close silently, she entered, surveying the interior. A bed, a notched pine frame mounted with a horsehair mattress – rent and torn and tainted with blood and other stains – dominated the cramped chamber. The remaining space was filled by broken drawers and a boarded window, allowing in a thin smear of moonlight. 
The paltry bedding had been pulled from the mattress to the floor beneath the window, sheltering a figure that shivered in the darkness. A solitary eye, wide with fear, was half-covered by a shock of auburn hair. Blankets drawn pitifully across its body, it stared at her. The air stank of lascivious brutality, a smell she recognised with mounting disgust. The confident, supercilious young woman who had taken such a jealous stance against her – now a wretched shade of misery, reduced to a trembling creature that huddled in the darkness. 
Despite her enduring years, despite the cruelties humanity could inflict upon itself, none brought more revulsion than that before her.
Joanna Martindale stared back, broken in terror, a victim of carnal evil.

Fleet left the cover of reeds and prowled low over the short grass of the common, staying close to the riverbank. The hood was drawn over his face as he made for a sycamore at the boundary of Bachelor’s home, pressing himself against the trunk as he calmed himself and listened. Night sounds came to him – the rustle of leaves, a bat on the wing, but no sounds from the house nor the growl of a curious dog, and he peered from behind the trunk. The house remained in darkness, and he followed his eyes with his body, dashing over open ground, keeping low and arriving beneath the ledge of a sash window. He was grimacing, the hurts of his beating making themselves felt, and he gave himself a moment. 
A growl made him freeze. Peering under the cowl to the edge of the house, his gaze was returned in the black mask of Bachelor’s mastiff. The beast was a giant, fully three feet at the shoulder, it’s chest and limbs trembling with anticipation, and he found his fear easing as he saw the animal was restrained by a collar and chain that snaked beyond the corner of the house.
‘Easy, boy. Nice and easy now, let’s see what we’ve got for you, eh?’ Sloughing off his bag, he reached within as the hound watched, showing its teeth as the cracksman found what he was looking for – another package wrapped in brown paper, crackling as he unpeeled the offcuts he’d pilfered from the butchery. ‘Here, fellow – fill your boots!’ An underarm lob saw the fistful of discarded meat land at the animal’s paws, lowering its nose to sniff at the raw flesh, before losing interest and gazing back at him.
‘Fuck’s sake . . .’ 
He took another packet from his bag, throwing a link of prime sausages at the animal, sniffing again, before snapping up the length of meat and gulping it down.
‘Enjoy it, you mangy bastard.’ The hound’s tongue lolled, gazing expectantly at the housebreaker as he stiffened himself to run. It sniffed the packet of offcuts and licked them halfheartedly, glaring at Fleet with disappointment. ‘Easy, fellow. No need for fuss, just relax and be friends, eh? Uncle Michael needs a breather.’
Moments passed and the animal’s jaws fell open, showing its teeth, and he braced himself. A string of drool fell from its jaws and it lowered its head, raising it once and panting heavily. The mastiff bobbed and panted, swinging it’s head before lowering itself to the grass, watching the cracksman, letting its face fall as it toppled into sleep.
‘Flights of angels sing you to your rest, Hector.’ 
Turning from the drugged animal, stupefied by the opium-laced meat, he drew hessian-wrapped chisels and pry-bars from his bag. Stealing the opium from the Chinese wharfsiders had been compensation for the beating from Hooke’s gorilla, though he tried not to think what the gang chief would do should he find out.
‘Never mind what could have been, just be about what is,’ he murmured as he eased the blade of a chisel under the sash frame, the window lifting over the bevel. Inserting a second chisel, the lock started to bend. ‘Easy now, Fleet – one sliver at a time.’
The pry-bar found it’s way under the gap, and he added to the pressure, the screws erupting from splintering wood – explosively loud to his ears – and he ducked below the ledge, clutching his tools and not daring to breathe.
No cries came from within, no lights or footsteps on stairs, and the insensible dog lay quietly by. Letting his tools slide into the bag, he lifted his eyes above the ledge, moving a curtain aside to peer within.
Bachelor’s parlour held a desk and bookshelves, leather chairs and a drinks cabinet. He shelved the idea of a glass of spirits and raised his hands to the pane, lifting it silently – good and high for a swift exit – and slipped his bag through the window. A deep rug – luck was with him again! – and he moved the curtain aside before entering, first one leg then the other, squatting against the wall. As far as he could tell the door opposite was the only other way in. Feeling inside his bag, he took a wooden wedge and crept to the door, sliding it under until the door creaked. He returned to the window and rummaged in the bag, lifting a box that he opened on Bachelor’s desk. Taking a rushlight and fire-steel, he struck sparks to it, a soft flame bringing the parlour a dim light.
Letters lay atop the desk, and he discounted them. Hooke had stressed Bachelor’s appeal to parliament and it was doubtful he would leave it on display, regardless of his faith in his household. The desk held two drawers, the first of which slid open easily, holding paper and writing materials, the second of which was locked.
‘Sure it is. Time to earn your keep, boy.’ Jamming the rushlight between his teeth, he took a leather wallet from his cloak and a rake and pick from within. He probed with the rake, feeling the tumblers turn and following it with the pick as the mechanism told its story. A click brought a satisfied smile as he pocketed the tools and slid the drawer open. Gripping the rushlight in his teeth, he took out the documents, the words on the folders difficult to his uneducated eyes, though one caught his attention as he recognised a couple of words: 
‘Parliament’, ‘Resurrection Men.’ 
‘There’s your prize, boy. Time to go.’
A dim light showed under the door, along with the sound of footsteps. 
Someone drew near.
‘Stand back.’ 
An urgent whisper, a man’s voice. Fleet rolled the folder into a tube and pulled a leather cylinder from his bag, stuffing the document inside and topping off the cylinder with an oiled cap. The doorknob turned, the door held fast by the wedge. A thud, then a bang as someone shouldered the door.
‘To the back of the house!’
The footsteps receded, no pretence at stealth, and he shouldered his bag before pulling the cowl over his face and dashing to the window, pulling the curtains aside and peering out.
Bachelor’s houseman was there, staring down the barrel of a fowling piece pointed directly at his face.
‘Shit.’

She pulled the hood of her cloak free, spreading her hands and steeping her voice with warmth as she approached the terrified figure – who pushed herself against a wall of cracked and flaking paint, shaking her head in despair. 
‘Joanna. You have nothing to fear.’ Kneeling before the frightened young woman, she placed a pale hand on her heart, moving her face to catch a glimmer of moonlight. ‘Look at me – Evelida Grey.’ 
There was no sign of recognition. Joanna shook her head as her eyes stared back, a pitiful murmuring escaping her cracked and bloodied lips as her fingers curled the bedding tighter. Though her sight was sharp she knew that Joanna’s too, forced to endure day and night in darkness, would have little trouble seeing her, and she smiled in the gloom. ‘Look at me, Joanna – I have come to take you home.’
Joanna stared back with a softening recognition as the trembling subsided. A distant keening left her lips and her eyes screwed shut, head falling as the keening became a howl of pain and misery, tears falling in streaks across her livid cheeks. 
She knelt in silence, letting the girl’s anguish diminish. For long moments she watched and waited and listened, until Joanna’s despair was spent – her eyes staring hopelessly. 
They couldn’t linger. ‘Joanna, we must leave – now. I will take you home.’
Joanna didn’t move or suggest she’d heard, but sat and stared into the darkness. 
She knew better, and waited.
‘Home? How can I go home? Like this – devoid of virtue, degraded, made less than a whore.’ The young woman’s eyes came to hers, bright in the dark. ‘This is my reward – the answer for my sin. I have no life to speak of, no home to return to.’
She moved closer. ‘The men who did this to you may return soon. We must leave.’
‘Go.’ Joanna spoke quietly. ‘Leave and save yourself.’
‘Not without you.’
Joanna bit her lip, speaking through tears. ‘Why have you come?’ She turned to face her. ‘Why do you stay with me?’
She gazed long into Joanna’s swollen eyes and recalled another time. Years fell away as she took the girl’s hand in her own. ‘I have known your pain.’ 
Joanna’s eyes widened with suspicion and disbelief.
‘I would not allow you to remain like this. You will leave with me and stay with me, and we will face this hurt, not as rivals, but as allies.’ 
Joanna stared back, no longer in fear. 
She met her surprise with a grim smile, then a sudden frown. Joanna started to speak but was silenced with a finger at her lips. ‘Joanna, be quiet, do not move. Someone has entered the house.’
Joanna pushed herself against the wall, shaking her head as she pulled the blanket across her. ‘No!’ Her eyes were bright and wide and Eve could feel the sick drumming of her heart. ‘I cannot – he must not!’
Silencing her with a hand over her mouth, she moved in front of her, filling her voice with resolve as the sound of footfalls on wooden stairs echoed through the house. ‘You have nothing to fear. Let me conduct us from this place.’ Joanna stared back, not daring to breathe. ‘I will let no hurt come to you.’
She stood quickly, pulling the cowl of her cloak over her head, twisting herself against the wall as the door began to open with a creak of metal on wood. A sudden glow lit the bedchamber – cheerless shadows from a lamp. Hooke’s twisted, scabrous confederate stooped to enter and straightened, joints cracking as he flexed his gaunt and skeletal form, a light filling his eyes as they fell on Joanna. 
A sigh of awful longing filled the room. ‘Shush, now, my exquisite lady.’
His words were a hissing tenderness, devoid of affection. ‘Brande needs his comfort, he does. It has been a trying day – a difficult day.’ His eyes stayed on Joanna as he stalked to the broken drawers, setting the lantern down and perching on the tainted mattress. A hooked hand removed his cap, blackened with grime, revealing his sparse-haired scalp. ‘But having you here, knowing you are waiting for me,’ his words were filled with desire as Joanna drove her fists into her eyes and sobbed. ‘Oh, my lovely lady,’ Brande sloughed off his jacket and let it fall. ‘Do not take so. This will be such a delight. Such a tenderness—’
There was a click as the door closed. Brande stood quickly, finding a hooded figure with it’s back to him. ‘Who the fuck—?’
She turned, eyes bright in the darkness as she lifted the hood, staring at him in both pity and scorn. ‘Mr. Brande – again you poison me, but this time only with your presence.’
Brande narrowed his eyes and stared, mouth open as his head moved this way and that. ‘Can’t be,’
She returned his stare, her hands clasped before her. 
‘Can’t be you,’ his eyes stayed on hers, even as he reached behind, taking the bayonet from his belt. ‘You went into the river. Can’t be—’
‘Can it not, Mr. Brande?’
He licked his lips, eyes bright with cunning as he pointed at Joanna, coiled and afraid beneath the blankets. ‘You know—?’
‘I know.’
‘Then why?’
‘Because she is in need, Mr. Brande. And you have punished her, far more than anyone would deserve.’
His gaunt frame shuddered as his mouth fell open, and his head shook back and forth. ‘Oh, no. I do not punish, I comfort,’ he raised the blade, twisting it as his hand went to his head, kneading his scalp. ‘She enjoys my satisfactions.’ 
His eyes were bright with tears, lips drawn from yellow teeth as he pummelled his shattered jaw with a bony fist. The blade came up as spittle sprayed from his lips. ‘You shall not take her from me!’ 
He lunged – a whiplike thrust to take her throat and leave her choking in her own blood – skeletal arm impossibly extended. She extended it further, catching his wrist and pushing a hand into his face, drawing him into a spiral and driving him down, crashing his body into the floor and stunning him. His blade clattered free as she straddled him, pinning his wrist with one hand and finding his throat with the other, feeling the vessel pounding under her fingers. Her mouth ached and she willed away the bloodlust as she took the bayonet, even as Brande’s vision cleared, teeth bared in a snarl and eyes filled with hate as he writhed and bucked beneath her, trying to shake her off. She squeezed harder, choking off his raving, even as he tried to throw her from him, throwing punch after punch at her. 
The blade appeared before his eyes – silencing him, drawing his fight. Fear and cunning filled his gaze as she twisted the weapon in the lantern-light, examining it. ‘How many lives have seen their end upon this edge, Mr. Brande?’ 
His body became still, eyes fixed on the gleaming, twisting blade as she spoke. ‘How many whore’s faces have you scarred? How many threats have been imposed between you and this steel?’ She drew her gaze from the blade and stared at him, a hiss escaping his ruined mouth as his eyes darted back and forth. ‘You can never know the sorrow I feel.’ 
She stared into a gaze constricted with hate. 
‘But what choice do you leave me?’
She snapped her wrist back, reversing the blade and hammering it through his eye. 
His body spasmed beneath her and she raised herself up, placing her hands on the handle of the bayonet before dropping her weight on it, driving the point through the back of his skull, splitting bone and scalp to bite into the wood below.
She sat up, astride him, pinned by his own blade. Convulsed by tremors, the hilt of the weapon was fast against the ruined eye that leaked a bloody fluid over his pox-scarred jaw. Above his dying body she watched the vessel in his neck, still pulsing, but sluggish now – a heart beating intrinsically slow, fulfilling it’s purpose to the last. 
Joanna still lay hidden, and she could taste the girl’s need to stay unfound as she flexed the palatine muscles in her throat, easing forth her fangs. Her mouth came to Brande’s neck, piercing the vessel and feeling the metal fire of his blood spring in her mouth. 
She bled him long enough to still his heart.
The fire ignited within her. A furious elation blooming in her gut, her breast, scorching her breath as the light in her eyes blazed with desire, carrying Brande’s lust to kill – to rend and tear. To glut herself with ever more blood.
Her head dropped as her breathing seethed, her nails scored the wooden floor and cracked the boards to splinters, fists filled with wood as she scented Joanna’s fear – the smell of her blood honey-sweet against Brande’s sourness. Her face was contorted in a dreadful sneer, her fangs achingly long while her gums split, and she tasted her own blood, making her shudder with pleasure. 
She would take Joanna now, take her time with the fatuous snivelling brat. Drain her, make her scream in terror as her life passed into her. 
Brande’s torments would be nothing compared to the fate that awaited her.
Yield. 
Submit. 
There could be nothing more beautiful.
She paused, breathing hard, frozen by the thirst as her mind found clarity. Discipline overtook desire, the blood-craving abating into a quieting fog. Years of restraint and denial cooled the hideous mania that threatened to take her and make her a sick creature of profligate murder, jeopardising the last of her humanity. 
The thirst faded into an ember of yearning that glowed feebly, ever present, hidden in a silent recess of her mind. She threw back her head and sheathed her fangs, willing away the searing euphoria. 
‘Charity first.’ 
A whisper, an ancient precedent she placed on herself. She stood, letting her gaze fall on Joanna’s pitiful form.
‘Compassion, then.’ 
Yet another whisper, another touchstone that anchored her to another life. 
She came to the frightened young woman. ‘Joanna – give me your hand.’ 
Filled with warmth as the words were, they were insistent. The stricken young woman turned to find her smiling tenderly, a pale hand extended towards her. Joanna swallowed and took her hand, cold fingers pulling her to her feet with a hiss of pain as her wounds grated. 
Brande’s still form caught Joanna’s eye, his long, spare legs visible beyond the end of the bed, and she craned to look, a desire to know her torment was over. A hand came to her face and drew her gaze. ‘Not enough time, Joanna – and I don’t believe your spirit is quite ready for that.’
Joanna stared at her redeemer, who stood back to look critically at the young woman. ‘We cannot leave with you looking so, Miss Martindale,’ untying the cords at her neck, she pulled off the hooded cloak and clothed her in it, kicking off her shoes and leaving herself barefoot. ‘Step into these – they should fit.‘
Joanna did as she was told, squirming her feet into the leather. 
‘Excellent. Now come, we should leave for my home.’ She turned from the young woman, who stayed still, frozen in disbelief. 
‘Miss Grey?’ 
She turned to find Joanna staring, open-mouthed, a turmoil of emotion on her face. ‘I—’
‘Later.’ Taking Joanna’s hand, she pulled her through the door and closed it quietly. Joanna was free.
Though the horror, she knew, was far from done with her.

The shotgun blast was like a crack of thunder and Fleet ducked back as wood and glass disintegrated around him, showering his cloak with splinters, needling him through the hessian. 
‘Shift it, Leary.’ His hands were still on the window ledge and he pulled, vaulting through the space left by the shattered frame, ignoring the pain as he landed on the grass below.
‘What the devil is happening down there?’ Bachelor’s voice – the household was alive to Fleet’s presence, heavy and light footsteps as the master his lady retainer rushed to join the pursuit. 
‘An intruder, sir. I have him!’ The man had let the fowling piece fall from his hands, landing beside his oil lamp, and he pulled a coach-pistol from his belt, levelling it at the cracksman as he backed away.
‘Oh, for fuck’s sake, man.’ Fleet felt the moment slow to a crawl, saw the man’s resolve as the black hole of the muzzle drew on him, saw one eye close and his finger tighten on the trigger. He turned towards the riverbank and started to run, legs dragging through treacle. 
Too slow. Way too slow.
He was halfway across the lawn when the ball took him, chipping the bone at his hip and tearing away flesh, sending him sprawling to the grass. The sound of the shot followed, a grunt of surprise followed by heat and searing pain as he rolled onto the grass, the sight of the house turning over and over.
‘He’s down. We have him!’ 
The footsteps were on the lawn, drawing near, a wave of nausea threatening to finish him as he swallowed and spat bile. ‘Damned if you do, fellow.’
He rolled once more, but this time onto his feet, pushing himself up and ignoring the pain, staggering towards the river.
‘Stop, damn you!’
He reached the riverbank, the limits of Bachelor’s ground, shored up with bricks and timber. He launched himself from the shoring, hitting the cold, dark water with a gasp as his cloak became an anchor to his tired body. Bringing his head above water, he sucked in air before ducking under the surface. He just had time to hear the houseman shout before he submerged. ‘Sir Stephen, my fowling piece, if you please! I have more shot.’ 
Sloughing off his cloak, he let it fall, barely managing to keep hold of his bag. He pulled for the far shore as he broke the surface. It was a good sixty feet away and his leg wouldn’t work – too painful and awkward, pulling with his arms, gasping as urgent voices called for others to join the pursuit.
A crash of the shotgun and the pellets fell short, dispersed by water – a stinging in his calves but no real damage as he doubled his efforts, the terror of capture lending him strength. The pain became a dull ache as the far bank drew near, a tangle of reeds and overhanging trees as he drifted with the current. Falling away from Bachelor’s home, he heard their voices, quieter, frustrated. The south bank was almost empty of residences, made up of angler’s wharves and rough boardwalks like the one he had come ashore at Millbank. One drew near, scummed with algae, and he made for it, his strength beginning to fade. He spat and blew as he swallowed water and tried for the uprights. The current threatened to take him past – further and further into deeper water – and he was so tired, despite the fear, the pain no longer sharpening him as the urge to stop and drift and to hell with Hooke’s purpose overwhelmed him. 
But not he, he was too much the craftsman. More than that, he was too damned lucky – a length of half-rotten rope, tied to the uprights and drifting in the water – came within reach, and he folded cold fingers around it. It slipped through his grasp until he finally got a grip, reaching hand over hand and pulling himself on, finding the slippery post and folding his arms about it like the prettiest doxy in South London. 
‘Jesus, Fleet, but you’re a shifty son of a bitch.’ 
He stayed like that, breathing hard, making the most of the security the post offered. Cold began seeping into his bones, the shock of the bullet wound making him shiver in the water, and he reached up to clutch at the boardwalk’s timbers, pulling himself free of the river. His boots overflowed with water, threatening to pull him back, until a final effort found him clear of the river and fallen on the wooden platform, gasping like a landed fish.
For long moments he lay there, letting his breath return, ignoring the aches and pains that shivered his body. He no longer cared – the pain meant he was alive – and he started to chuckle as water drained from his sodden clothing, breeches and boots dripping through the boardwalk into the water below. 
He was laughing, uncontrollably so, as his eyes opened and he stared at the night-dark clouds above, no sounds of pursuit, no hounds to elude, not that he would have had a chance in hell of doing so, and he let the laughter take him, the elation at evading capture yet again. Success was his reward, the drug that kept him at it, kept him coming back where lesser men would slink off into mediocrity.
‘Stop being such a fat-headed prick, then, and get out of here.’
He came to his knees, then his feet, pulling the waist of his sodden breeches aside. It was too dark to examine the wound properly. It didn’t appear too bad, probably felt much worse in the shock of the moment, and he staggered along the wooden platform to the paths beyond. 
He had miles to go before he was safe. It didn’t matter, he would make it, he always did. Hooke would have his damned prize, whatever it was. It didn’t matter to him – he was Michael ‘Fleet’ Leary, the luckiest bastard cracksman in South London. And that was what mattered.
All was well with the world.

Night over London was lit by a gibbous moon, drowning the stars in silver and blue. Evelida Grey’s white face stared back from the window’s glass as she gazed over Newington, the moon burnishing the rooftops with its glow, and a watchman calling the hours as he passed by.
 The night had always been a comfort to her, sharpening her senses in shades and whispers, a deeper awareness that made her as much a part of the city as the river that nurtured it. Night brought pleasant isolation, quickened and calmed her, alive to all that drew near and faded.
Not this night.
Joanna stirred in her sleep, gasping and shivering in the nightmare’s caress. She would wake soon, despair exhausting her, carrying her into madness – a madness that would see her dead by her own hand. 
She had seen it many times before.
Brande’s desire was leaving her, his lust firing her with an awful energy, soon to be gone, and with it the last of him, taken from the world forever. 
Her eyes closed and she lifted her head, breathing deeply as her breath misted the glass, the heat of her body fierce inside the cold shell of skin and flesh that shielded her. 
Brande was gone. 
She turned from the window. Joanna had drawn the bedclothes into a pile about her, a defensive cocoon between the bed and wardrobe, no stomach for a bed where memories would allow no rest. She had taken her from Jacob’s Island and led her through the streets – running barefoot, leading the frightened girl on and hailing a carriage, still about at that late hour. Offering the surprised coachman a crown to take them to Newington, they had left him a few streets from her home and she ensured they were not followed before tending and feeding the girl. 
Joanna would not see her freedom. It was denied by her station and the horror of what was done to her. She came to the bed and sat, watching the girl shiver and draw breath in the darkness of her dreams, and she filled her words with the memory of her father’s voice. 
‘You are safe, daughter. Always you will be safe.’
Joanna’s breathing softened, and she lay on the bed, listening to the girl’s heartbeat, tasting her anxiety. 
‘I am always with you, you have no reason to fear.’ Reaching down to move strands of hair from Joanna’s face, her teeth ached as the scent of the girl’s blood – laced with fear – aroused her own need. Willing away the thirst, strong where Brande was weak, she rolled onto her back and stared at the ceiling, feeling Joanna’s fear easing as her breathing calmed.
‘You are safe, daughter.’ 
They would come for her. Hooke would be compelled by her knowledge of the Crucible. 
‘You will always be safe.’ 
Joanna’s sleep became restful as she whispered lies in the darkness.
‘You are safe.’



Chapter 23



The choristers had dispersed after evensong, the congregation rising from their seats and preparing to leave St Saviour’s, soft voices as the worthies of Southwark filed along the nave’s worn flagstones and into the quiet-dark streets outside. 
The deacon had led the evening prayers and chivvied his choristers and underlings with quiet words, a disapproving look keeping them busy as articles were gathered and spilled wax scraped away – a quick dusting of altar and lectern and the place was ready for matins the following day as the last of the choristers filed out.
The pews were empty, save for one solitary figure.
She sat at the back of the church, staring at the crucifixion that hung between the stained glass windows above the altar, the body of Christ rendered in plaster – smooth and pale as her own face. 
‘Your sacrifice will be honoured.’
The words went unheard in the deserted church, and she followed it with an almost apologetic smile as her gaze was drawn by the appearance of Fitzroy Wallace. He noticed her from the apse, and she felt his surprise, followed by his distaste – a moment’s hesitation and a set to his shoulders as he approached her, the tap of his steps matching the beat of his heart as he stood before her. 
‘Miss Grey, is it not?’ She nodded. ‘I had not, nor would I ever, expect to find you in this place of worship.’ He kept a tight smile and there was a tremor to his jaw as he clasped his gnarled hands together. 
She returned a warmer smile. ‘I come to your house as penitent, sir.’
‘I beg your pardon?’
‘I had no intention of discomforting you when we last met.’
A flicker of annoyance crossed his face. ‘Let me assure you, young lady, that you caused me no discomfort. It would hardly be the first time I have met denial as to the existence of the Almighty from those who would have their misguided ideas heard by others.’
She made her smile ever more alluring, seeing the vessels in his cheeks bloom – an involuntary blush that he couldn’t contain, and made space along the wooden pew, inviting him to sit.
 Wallace shifted his feet at her invitation, risking a glance about. She felt his desire overwhelm his distaste, drawing aside the pleats of his vestment to sit beside her. No longer looking at him, she gazed beyond, eyes fixed on the shadows behind stone columns, topped with statues and iconography. He turned his head, guided by her stare, and finding nothing turned back to her. 
‘I have never denied the existence of the Almighty, sir.’
Wallace’s eyes held more doubt. ‘Yet the scorn you show with regard to faith—’ 
‘Is the key word, sir – faith. I have little faith in those who speak with utter certainty on any subject.’
‘Miss Grey—’
‘Long years did physicians set store in the wisdom of ancients, never bothering to seek answers for themselves. How much hurt has been done by blind conviction to outdated notions?’
He was bridling again and she could taste it. ‘And that is where youthfulness allows you so little imagination. You speak of the doubt that drives men of medicine, men of science, in a quest for knowledge, yet make no allowance for the mysteries of theology, those events that cannot be explained,’ a derisive sneer curled his lips as he gazed at her over his spectacles. ‘If, as you say, you are satisfied by a measure of doubt, then perhaps you should reserve some for more than just scientific endeavour.’
His words ended in silence, emphasised by the lofty vault. She matched his stare, and stood, the deacon rising with her. 
‘You have my gratitude, sir.’
She held her hand to him and he took it in his, inclining before her without putting his lips to her fingers. ‘I did not expect you to yield so easily, my dear.’ 
Replacing her hat, she tied the ribbon beneath her jaw. ‘I came here to find someone – enlightenment can wait.’
She moved into the aisle and turned to leave. Wallace soured at her dismissive tone. ‘Someone? Might I trouble you for their name?’
She was already halfway to the great oak doors, and only half-turned to him. ‘His name remains unknown to me, but you are not he,’ Wallace saw a flash of teeth as she smiled. 
‘The man I seek is a cynic.’



Chapter 24



A young girl again, she indulged herself, wishing her mother and father could be here with her – if they might stand with her in this time, in this place – the sights and sounds of the great city, so alien but so invigorating. If they might be here and hold her, take her arm and remind her of their love. 
But wishing changed nothing. They were centuries dead. 
She closed her eyes and breathed, filling her mind with the sounds and tastes and voices of life, ridding herself of sorrow. The indulgence over, she neared Grace Kendal’s townhouse, the stylish avenue lofty with fashionable residences. Sir Stephen’s carriage and coachman stood beside the railings of Grace’s home. She had hoped to reveal her news in private, but it seemed visitors would be party to her account. 
Perhaps another opportunity would reveal itself.
Bachelor’s driver acknowledged her with a polite nod. Scenting his rising lust as she sauntered by, she rapped the door-knock, quickly opened by a maid who bade her enter a lamplit reception. Removing hat and gloves, the girl promised to take care of them as she was guided inside, anxious voices emerging from the drawing-room. 
Four presences, four minds – a collective bent on a single purpose, but carried by individual motives. She nodded to the maid who bobbed demurely and returned to her duties.
The door to the drawing-room was ajar and she paused at the threshold to listen. 

‘Unfortunately, not one of my congregation has had sight or sound of Miss Martindale, though I implore them to be alert to even a suggestion of her presence. I – we, pray daily for her return.’ Fitzroy Wallace spoke before an empty hearth, a glass of port in one hand, watching over his spectacles. ‘My parishioners are a diverse assembly and I am satisfied we will hear of her restoration.’
Grace Kendal sat in a posture that suggested anything but comfort, stroking her jaw and staring through a window as the deacon went on. ‘Trust in the Lord, dear lady, and we may yet find our stray lamb returned to the fold.’ 
She gave no sign of having heard, gazing through the panes as pedestrians walked by. Bachelor sat opposite, hands on his cane, and gazed up at Wallace, who shrugged and sipped from the glass. 
The last of them, William DeCourcey, cleared his throat. ‘Yes, well, as I stated, my master sends his due regard and apologies for being unable to attend, but as you must appreciate, his duties go beyond the recovery of an infatuated girl – whose disappearance, though regrettable, is nothing before the ministration of the nation.’ Bachelor’s eyes narrowed at the man’s words. Wallace lowered his glass as DeCourcey continued. ‘I understand the desire to ensure the safe return of one’s ward but I hardly think it a matter for a member of the House. Perhaps, as my master suggested, her ladyship were to return the charitable contributions of her late husband we may yet find ourselves richer in time and resources to aid such a pursuit.’
‘Damn your sordid exploitation, DeCourcey,’ Bachelor glared. ‘Put aside your manoeuvring and show some humanity. We are talking about a young woman’s life, not a pawn in your endless games.’
Wallace nodded. ‘Indeed. This is no gutter urchin but a lady of quality. Hold yourself in check and imagine you yourself had sired her, then tell me you are not moved by her plight.’
DeCourcey was examining his fingernails. ‘Hardly, sir. I fancy I have better things to do than whelp mewling brats on an overcrowded city, becoming sick with worry when their childish obsessions get the better of them.’
Wallace mouthed something unintelligible as he turned away while Bachelor came to his feet.
‘I believe the time has come to inform Isaiah Martindale of his daughter’s absence.’
Grace had spoken, though her gaze remained beyond the window glass. They turned to her as she continued. ‘A wealthy industrialist, Mr. Martindale holds considerable influence. It is only right that Joanna’s disappearance is relayed to him.’
Bachelor, Wallace and even DeCourcey’s eyes wavered. The implication of such a man’s displeasure was apparent. 
Grace stood and folded her arms, staring at them. ‘I am sure he will be gratified by those whose efforts were applied to the return of his daughter; and his displeasure will be known by those who withheld their aid.’

She smiled at Grace’s words. The atmosphere was tense, and she felt the need to end her suffering, raising her own esteem a little further and risking a little of her wisdom finding it’s way into more treacherous hands. 
Unannounced, she pushed the door open and stepped inside. ‘That will not be necessary, Lady Kendal.’
Grace’s sudden fear soured her blood, knowing her errand. She felt Wallace’s distaste and DeCourcey’s contempt, not only from himself but for someone not present – most likely his master, but she resolved to take nothing for granted. 
‘Joanna Martindale is safe.’
Grace’s composure faltered. She knew she would like nothing more than to throw herself into her chair and allow herself a moment’s respite. Instead, a smile spread across her face while the other’s reacted more predictably. 
‘Praise God.’ Wallace whispered as his head fell. Bachelor was grinning like a schoolboy and darting his eyes from Grace to Eve. 
Only DeCourcey remained unimpressed, his face rising in a sneer. ‘Well, it seems that this has been a perfect waste of all our mornings.’ He turned to her. ‘Tell me, Miss Grey, how did you happen upon Miss Martindale, so safe and well?’
‘I did not say she was well, Mr. DeCourcey, only that she was safe.’
Grace’s anguish rose once more. ‘Miss Grey?’
‘An accident – nothing that cannot be made well.’
‘What kind of accident?’ said Bachelor. ‘I have the entire resources of the faculty at your disposal.’
‘Thank you, Sir Stephen, that will not be necessary. I will care for her until she is well.’
Wallace’s face showed derision, DeCourcey raised a contemptuous eyebrow, though she felt Grace’s faith in her rising. ‘I believe Mr. DeCourcey is quite correct, gentlemen,’ said Grace. ‘I have intruded on enough of your time as it is. Thank you for attending. I will not forget it.’
Glances were exchanged though it was clear nothing more was to be said. She watched Wallace offer his appreciation to Grace before seeing himself out and ignoring her. DeCourcey exited with a nod to Lady Kendal, indignant at being taken from his master’s side.
Bachelor remained, clasping Grace’s hands in his own, their relief at being rid of Wallace and DeCourcey obvious. ‘Always a pleasure, dear lady. Inform me without hesitation if you require assistance.’ 
Grace nodded. ‘By the way, have you any word on the robbery at your home, Stephen?’
‘None. The plea to parliament is taken, though I have already drafted another.’ His eyes were wary as they fell on Eve. She felt his conflict, a desire to know more and to help Joanna. 
In the end, discretion won out. ‘Delighted to see you, Miss Grey. Do attend upon myself and James Dalton at St Thomas’ when you can.’
‘You may depend upon it, Sir Stephen.’ 
He grunted and was gone. Grace watched as her guests departed, and she called the maid to bring wine.
She felt the need for something stronger. ‘Would you have a glass of brandy, Lady Kendal?’
Grace stared at her, fascinated. ‘For the preserver of our wayward charge, how could I refuse?’
 
Grace’s maid arrived with wine for her, brandy for Eve – her guest taking the glass between pale fingers, lifting the vessel and inhaling before putting her lips to the glass. ‘You spend too little time warming the glass – the spirit will not take vapour,’ said Grace.
‘My hands always lack for warmth.’
Grace watched with interest. ‘So, now we are alone perhaps you might tell me of Miss Martindale’s accident.’
‘There was no accident.’ 
Her unease was back. ‘You informed us she had suffered an accident. Are you telling me something else? Tell me she is safe.’
‘She is safe, and safely cared for at Newington.’
‘Then why—’
‘You have Joanna’s best interests at heart. You have no need for political manoeuvring, nor do you have anything to gain from her loss.’ Eve’s attention burned behind her eyes, compelling her to sit. ‘You I have confidence in above all others.’
A chill settled in her. ‘Tell me.’
‘Miss Martindale did travel to St Thomas’. She saw me and Mr. Dalton at the conclusion of our business and, like so many young ladies, concluded we were romantically absorbed. Fleeing Southwark in fury she found herself wandering in the east of the parish. In the company of cruel souls, her judgment was clouded by spite and a desire to answer her misery in kind.’ 
Grace listened, knowing what she was about to hear would be anything but easy.
‘The Crucible.’
Eve watched in silence as the words swayed her.
She stood and turned to the window, watching a heedless public strolling by. Eve had wanted the others to leave for a reason. ‘Do I even wish to know more?’ 
She heard the glass set down and felt Eve come aside, her pallid reflection indistinct in the glass. ‘Be assured, her body will heal. Her mind will take longer.’ 
The pain of failure, of failing Joanna, choked her. 
‘Rest assured, Lady Kendal, my care will be diligent. She will never be the same. But then, wisdom so often comes at a price.’
She turned to Eve, searching her gaze for half-truths and lies, and finding nothing but candour. ‘Tell me, Miss Grey, how do you propose to return my ward to health and why you would not enlist the services of a man of medicine?’
‘If Sir Stephen or anyone else were to know the extent of Joanna’s abuse I would have no choice but to allow them to minister to her. She cannot tolerate that – I promised her no-one beyond myself was ever to know. She trusts me to remain silent.’
‘Go on.’
‘She was taken by Jacob Hooke after presenting herself as an ally, with word of my determination to end the Resurrection Men. This is in part true, though James Dalton began his own efforts to destroy them. Her rescue has become of profound interest to the Crucible.’ Grace folded her arms tight. ‘Hooke, a former petty-officer, is disciplined and ruthless, though I find it impossible to believe he has made the Crucible so ordered without a powerful ally.’
‘You think—?’
‘I think, but I do not know. I would know without putting Joanna in more danger.’
Grace’s fear soared. ‘But, you said Joanna was at your home – alone, in front of all of them.’
‘I did not say which home.’ 
Eve went to the door and ensured no-one was passing. 
‘I keep two houses in Newington. I go to one in daylight hours and leave for the other by night. Joanna is safe, you may depend on that.’
Grace stared at her in wonder. ‘If only all my charges had a fraction of your discretion, Miss Grey.’
‘I have known few friends throughout the years. Those I count dear know me as Eve.’
‘Eve. Well now, are you constrained until nightfall?’
‘I must return to Joanna’s care.’
A momentary pang and Grace nodded. ‘Of course. Well, inform Miss Martindale of my consideration. I would see you both at Surrey soon – should you wish to attend?’
She was at the door, the maid returning with her effects. ‘Without question – I will bring her myself.’
Grace sighed as relief faded into longing, staring at the strange young woman as she turned to leave. 
‘Are you ever lonely, Miss Grey?’
Her eyes flashed in the firelight as she smiled. ‘I have little choice.’
Grace was left in a forlorn silence as the door closed.



Chapter 25



Dyer’s entrance brought calls of recognition and respect, a fog of smoke hazing the lamplit taproom as he searched for McGregor. Catching the tavern-keep’s eye, a lift of his head was answered by glance at the snug, and he strode to the back-room, knocking quietly before a call from within bade him enter. Solomon opened the door with a glare before letting him through. Hooke sat with his back to him, a smart-dressed young man sitting opposite and regarding Dyer with distaste as Solomon shut the door. Georgina sat carefree in a comfortable chair and smiled coquettishly, Dyer returning her gaze with indifference. 
This was no time to be playing games.
‘I sent for you and Brande an hour ago.’
‘My apologies, chief. There’s been a problem.’
Dyer moved between Hooke and his visitor, the atmosphere heavy. The coxcomb stared at him with growing displeasure. Hooke leaned back in his chair, narrowing his eyes at the young man. ‘Mr. Dyer is one of my most trusted acquaintances, you can speak freely before him or keep your mouth shut, it makes no difference to me.’
A smile or a sneer answered him, and the young man stood to leave. ‘Your intelligences are as welcome as ever. I will pass them to the relevant parties who will decide their value. Good evening.’
Solomon threw a muscled arm across the door and motioned the dandified gentleman to exit, smirking insolently as he dabbed his face with a scented handkerchief.
‘Take a seat, Dyer.’
The door closed and Solomon resumed his silent sentinel role, Dyer sitting wearily in the vacated chair.
‘Ah, Mr. Dyer – you look positively down in the dumps, surely things cannot be all bad?’ Georgina was leaning on the table, blinking in the smoky light. Not for the first time did Dyer wish she’d piss off and haunt someone else.
‘Tell me.’
By comparison, Hooke was all business. ‘Brande.’
The silence grew. Hooke’s eyes filled with disbelief. ‘Where? When?’
‘The repository, sometime in the last day.’
A pause, then he turned to Georgina. ‘You should be on your way.’
She pouted before rising to throw her arms about his neck and kiss him, heedless or heedful of who observed her. ‘I will count the hours until you return, Jacob.’ Snaking her hands from his neck, she caressed his shoulders and favoured those present with a smirk before leaving. Dyer could swear Solomon was blushing as she wiggled her arse through the door.
Hooke glowered at Dyer who kept his gaze on the table. ‘Miss Martindale?’
‘Gone.’
‘Who?’
‘Not a clue, chief. Never seen anything like it – wouldn’t believe it if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes.’
Another pause. 
‘Show me.’

Dyer pushed open the door to the storeroom, an arm going to his mouth against the smell. It seemed worse, though as he reminded himself, it was most likely his familiarity with the figure it came from making it so foul. Rats scurried from view as Hooke stepped past, an oil lamp passed to Dyer. 
Brande’s body lay on the wooden floor, still pinned by his blade. 
Memories rose of the years of continental wars – the musketry and shell fragments they had endured, surviving a hundred brawls and scuffles – and yet here he was, felled by a weapon he had carried for nearly two decades. He couldn’t say he missed the man, or any fanciful sentiment, it just seemed wrong.
Lowering himself, Hooke motioned for the lamp. Brande’s features were even more grotesque in death – rats had eaten much of his face and neck, teeth and bone bared under the flickering light. Hooke stayed like that a moment longer, seemingly immune to the smell.
‘What do you make of these scars?’
Dyer stooped, bringing the lamplight nearer – the flooring either side of Brande’s head was scored by broken furrows. ‘Restrained?’
‘Perhaps.’
The rats were scratching in the dark corners of the room, eager for their meal. Hooke stayed a moment longer, a sigh heaving him – whether decisive or of regret, Dyer couldn’t tell – and placed a gloved hand on the ruin of Brande’s jaw. With the hilt of the bayonet in the other, he pulled once, twice, until a scrape of wood and bone loosened the blade. Another tug and the weapon erupted with a wet sucking that made Dyer wince. Hooke stood and examined the blade in the lamplight. 
‘Definite – capable.’ Hooke was whispering, not only to himself – Dyer was meant to hear his thoughts. ‘Bury him, he was a loyal man.’
‘He was a fucking maniac.’ 
Hooke nodded, gazing at the bayonet. ‘Aye, but he was our man, and he served us without question.’
Not even Dyer could dispute that. ‘That he was. I’ll have some of the lads help me anon.’
The flickering lamplight made Hooke’s face funereal. ‘We have a competitor making their presence felt.’
Dyer squinted at him. The idea of someone going against the Crucible, in the heart of their domain, was unthinkable. Yet what other explanation could there be? Brande was dead while Joanna Martindale was nowhere to be seen. 
Someone stood against them – someone potently effective. 
Hooke came near, the grim voice lending him resolve. ‘Put the word about – anyone who has seen Miss Martindale, anyone who might know her or those about her, have them watched and reported to us the moment they have word.’
He pushed past Dyer, whose eyes stayed on his former comrade, starting as Hooke’s hand fell on his shoulder. ‘And inform “Eye-eye.” I believe we might benefit from his exalted hand in this matter.’



Chapter 26



Joanna was lost. 
She sat on a wooden stool before an empty kitchen hearth and tried to feel – something. Flagstones, worn-smooth, made up the floor and occupied her – tracing lines of mortar with her eyes. She followed patterns of brickwork, finding flaws in their layering, and moved on. A crack in the ceiling’s plaster caught her attention and she stared at it, then closed her eyes, despairing. Unable to move from the banal, her breath came in sighs that matched the numbness in her mind. 
She held a long-bladed kitchen knife in her hands. Her eyes fell to the blade, laying across the flesh of her wrist. Moments passed while she wondered at the insignificance of the crack in the ceiling and of opening such a rift in the vessel that beat beneath her skin, compelling her to remain. 
Enduring her degradation.
Drawing the flat of the steel across her wrist, she shivered her eyes closed, making a fist with her fingers – empty and unadorned, never to be held in tenderness. 
What man would want her now?
The blade was real.
She opened her eyes and watched as she drew the spine of the blade over her wrist, fascinated as she took control of a life left in ruin. Presenting the edge to the pulse, her resolve grew, freeing her. She felt herself flush with certainty, to suppress a heart sustained in torment.
It would be done in a moment. She would know release.
She thought of her father, her friends – no opportunity to bid them farewell. 
Better they did not. Better this way.
She thought of Evelida Grey, of all she had done for her, how she had cared for her – such compassion, such charity, after it was she herself who had contrived against her. Infantile, puerile conduct – she had made this life for herself. 
She turned the knife and pressed the point to her wrist, not to cut, but to drive home, find the heartbeat and still it in a fountain of blood that would see her youthful forever. She would take the body that Brande had desecrated.
Brande.
Her teeth were bared, driven to a snarl as tears came, her eyes shut tight, the point of the blade moving aside, rocking back and forth, in need of a release she couldn’t find.
Brande.
The blade thrust out as she came to her feet, a lunge that took the throat of the one that had used her in the basest manner – taking a body that would never be loved or bear the fruit of such tenderness. She thrust again, snarling as the blade cut and mutilated the imaginary creature before her. 
Spent, her shoulders heaved, sucking in air as a moan built within her, while her hands – still holding the blade – went to her head and moved hair from her eyes, rocking on her feet, wasting a delirium that yearned for release.
It should have been her that had killed him, to destroy him, as he had her. Though how could she? It was impossible – she would have died there, broken on his whims. She could still smell it – smell him. 
Hate surged within her and she snarled as her hand fell, turning to stab the blade down.
Her arm was caught. 
Eve’s gleaming eyes were inches from her own. Joanna’s mouth was wide, though her lips came together as her composure returned, absorbed in the pale woman’s gaze. 
A moment passed. Eve’s fingers, cold and supple, slid over hers as she felt her other hand coil about her neck, and she was turned – spun in an arc that saw the blade whip into a lunge, finding her poised and breathless, scant inches above the stone floor. Eve’s pallid face lingered beside her own, eyes intent on the point of the knife, and Joanna felt her body lifted – driven into a murderous strike that was followed by an arc, cleaving the air, thrown by the force of Eve’s body as the blade was reversed and thrust, coming to a halt, facing the imaginary assailant.
Eve’s arm was drawn across Joanna’s neck, her weapon-hand over her fingers, presenting the edge of the knife. Joanna’s breaths heaved as she waited – begged – for guidance, exhilarated, even as her body wearied. 
The knife moved with impossible speed, taking the eyes of her tormentor. Eve led her in a balletic slaughter – a killing dance that shaped her in relentless patterns, invigorating her. 
The knife hit the floor with a clatter of stone and steel and was still. At the end of her strength, Joanna fought to draw breath, burning with exertion as Eve held her, letting her rest in her embrace. Moments later she was released. Eve lifted the knife and placed it in a wooden block, turning back to Joanna. 
She smiled, inviting her.
Joanna breathed hard and took the hint. She lunged at her, Eve turning away while Joanna swung and jabbed and clawed with fists and fingers, twisting gracefully beneath the girl’s assault. Joanna struck with a smile that became a grimace, trying and failing to find her mark as Eve wound her form about her, lowering her eyes as she wielded herself, piquing Joanna still further. A flurry found her gasping at her limits, and she was suddenly caught, Eve taking her in another embrace as she drew breath, supporting her as she fought to stay upright.
Eve made no sound as she held Joanna, her stillness heightening the girl’s exhaustion. She was led into a lunge, holding the posture, before Eve’s body rippled into a jab. Turning in a spiral, her arm was led in a back-handed strike, frozen statue-still, then starting once more. 
Joanna moved faster, compelled to strike more vigorously with no time to recover. Another movement was added and she was guided in an assault on her imaginary defiler, the sequence becoming a flow as they moved in unison, Joanna finding herself blending power and elegance, gasping with the effort.
A smile formed as she flushed with exertion.
Eve’s touch became lighter, her guidance diminishing while Joanna repeated the cycle, driving herself, learning control. Eve no longer led her movements but mirrored them as they continued to flow and strike and turn together.
And then stopping, coming to a breathless halt. 
Eve gazed back at her – Joanna was exhausted, helpless with effort. 
Turning away, Eve exited the chamber and brought the door to a close. Not a word had passed between them. 
Not that it mattered. In the pit of her despair, Joanna felt a glimmer of satisfaction.
Hope was kindled.

They sat quietly, facing one another at a table set with meat and vegetables, a single candle bringing intimate warmth. Joanna had failed to offer assistance as she attempted to conceal bruises and sores with rouge, until remembering that Eve kept no servants and offered to help. 
‘Tomorrow I will receive your assistance. For now, you are my guest and I have a liking for the culinary art – you may serve wine, if you wish.’ 
They ate together, Joanna savouring the dish, and she sat back, sipping from a wineglass and watching her hostess dine. ‘The food is delicious.’
‘You are welcome.’ 
Eve continued to eat as Joanna’s face became curious. ‘Have you never kept servants?’
‘No.’
‘Might I ask why?’
‘I have never felt the necessity.’
‘Do you never feel – alone?’
‘Solitude is inevitable.’
Joanna stayed quiet a moment. ‘I have always felt alone. My father—’ she swallowed. ‘My mother’s death afflicted him bitterly. A daughter, I believe, has been a burden to him – to his industry.’
‘Your father’s love remains, obscured by division.’
Joanna chewed her food and thought on her words. ‘Where did you learn to move, to defend yourself, in such a manner?’
Eve left the cutlery on her plate before sipping from her glass. ‘“When” would be more appropriate.’ Joanna narrowed her eyes. ‘I like to dance. And I have a fondness for the martial refinements of the Orient. They share a common elegance.’
Setting down her glass, Joanna leaned forward. ‘Have you been required to defend yourself so? To deploy such manoeuvres?’
‘Such crafts are not cultivated incidentally.’
Joanna stared at her. ‘Before Brande – had you been compelled to take a life?’
Eve ate without speaking. 
Still no reply came, and Joanna took up the cutlery, resuming her meal.
She watched her hostess as they ate in silence.

Night had fallen. Joanna lay awake in her bed, staring at the ceiling and watching fizzing patterns in the darkness. Her hands fidgeted above the bedclothes as her mind stayed alert, thinking on her life. Only her life would not be the same, that was obvious, but nor was it left in the blight of defilement. Hope grew where before there was nothing but dejection. 
Still she longed for sleep. 
Still it would not come.
Sighing, she pulled aside the bedclothes and swung her legs from the bed, planting bare feet on the rug. She stared at the landing door, her nightdress hanging about her, hair about her face. Minutes passed and her legs became tired and numb, still aching with the exertions she had been driven to, relishing the nagging soreness.
She came to the door and drew it open, stepping onto the landing – her footfalls muffled by a supple carpet. Eve’s bedchamber was before her, and she bit her lip, wondering at her intent. Tentatively, she knocked at the door. 
There was no reply and she waited in silence, continuing to bite at her lip, before pushing it open. 
Eve was not in her bed but stood, fully dressed, her back to the door and gazing over London’s rooftops. A moon had risen over Southwark, constellations of stars showing between thin cloud and pricking the night sky. Neither sound or movement greeted Joanna’s entry and Eve stood with the same uncanny stillness she had seen before, not a breath to move her.
‘Miss Grey?’ 
She gave no sign of having heard and Joanna stepped nearer, to within an arm’s length. She watched the fall of long black hair over her white neck and followed her gaze to the night-fallen landscape beyond. 
‘You perceive the stars, Miss Martindale?’ 
The melodious voice was a surprise, and Joanna felt her heart leap. ‘They are beautiful – wondrous in their number.’
‘How many do you see?’
Joanna pushed a tendril of hair from her face and stared into the night. ‘Hundreds.’
‘There are millions. The sky is alive with their fire.’
Joanna drew near.
‘Fire compelled them – took them – their voices stilled in the eternal night.’
Joanna’s eyes were pained with the mystery of Eve’s words, spurring herself on.
‘Their memories echo still.’
She lifted her hand to caress Eve’s shoulder.
‘It is fleeting, Joanna.’
She drew her hand back, guiltily.
‘The feeling is compelled by circumstance. It will pass.’
Joanna’s hand fell to her side, her eyes falling in apologetic unease.
‘You should take to your bed. Rest, now – you are very tired.’ 
Eve’s words, filled with warmth, brought a sudden weariness, finding herself longing for her bed, for sleep – and she stepped back, turning from the bedchamber to return to her own.
‘Joanna.’ 
Eve’s final words cheered and puzzled her. ‘I am grateful for your affection – it is a welcome diversion.’
She returned to her bed, pondering her words as she fell into a dreamless sleep.



Chapter 27



Limping to within a stone’s throw of Folly Ditch, the hooded figure paused before the threshold. Fleet straightened, shifting the weight of his bag and urging himself to walk with certainty – the weak were preyed on here by those who sought easy profit – and he ignored the pain as he strode onto the creaking bridge that would take him into the heart of Jacob’s Island.
A dose of laudanum had seen him sleep all day, waking sluggish and addled, but feeling far better than he had. Better, until he swung his legs out of bed and the pain of the bullet-wound made him hiss and curse as he dressed – cleaner than he had been for weeks from the flight across the river – stuffing a cold beef pie into his mouth and hurrying to meet with Jacob Hooke. So it was that he came again to the Draught Horse, the lamplights a dubious welcome, and he steeled himself as he crossed the street before plunging into the smoky interior. Drawing back the cowl of a pilfered cloak, a dozen pairs of eyes turned on him, the hum of conversation quieting as he entered. ‘Evening to you, Paisley. Boss about?’
McGregor turned on the cracksman with his sullen glare before pouring a generous measure of Kilduggan. ‘Aye, he is. And he bade me give you this on the condition you’re on time and with his debt fulfilled.’ 
Fleet reached inside his bag and drew the tube containing the document he had nearly lost his life over, tapping the end to his forehead. 
McGregor slid the whisky towards him. ‘He’s in the back. You expecting trouble, Fleet?’
‘I’m expecting to say goodbye to him and his whole crew, Paisley – far as I’m concerned, we’re done.’
McGregor was wiping a tankard with a stained rag, though for once his voice held some sympathy. ‘Good luck with that.’ 
The tavern-keep turned at the call of another drinker, and Fleet finished the whisky, his mettle fading with the draining spirit. Wiping his mouth on a sleeve, he limped to the snug, exaggerating his hurts in the hope of eliciting some measure of respect from the mad bastards within. 
Worth a try.
Girding himself, he rapped a knuckle against the door and waited. Inevitably, he found himself face to chest with Hooke’s huge, laconic minder, a smirk on Solomon’s face as he drew the door and gestured for the Irishman to enter. Hooke’s were the first eyes he saw through the smoke, a calculating glare over a hand of brag. Flanked by three other players, he recognised Dyer, fixing him with his genial smile. 
‘Mr. Leary. On time and presentable.’ Hooke lifted a cigar from the table, drawing deeply. ‘You would have made a respectable sailor, courageous and disciplined, a foil to the French. If, of course, you had not had the misfortune to be born Irish.’
Muted laughter followed as they ingratiated themselves with their chief. ‘Nothing wrong with a bit of Irish, Jacob. Does you good to bring in a mix of ideas and – suggestions.’ Georgina was sitting lazily in a leather chair, watching him with a lascivious smirk. 
Christ’s sake – she really was cracked. ‘That it is, my lady.’ 
‘You look discomforted, Mr. Leary.’
Happier to turn his gaze on Hooke rather than his flighty bed-warmer, he tried to show some front. ‘Just a bullet-wound, cleaned in swimming the river. It’ll heal.’
A thick-set fellow with his back to him snorted, turning with an arm over the chair and glaring suspiciously at him. 
‘You find his claim doubtful, Morgan?’ said Hooke.
The man turned to face him. ‘A bullet wound? Taken in breaking a gent’s home, then swimming the river before high-tailing it to Bermondsey? Aye, I find his claim doubtful, Mr. Hooke.’
Morgan had a scarf tied about his neck and rubbed at it irritably, while Dyer continued to smile at him. ‘You’re limping, Mr. Leary. Tell us where you suffered this wound,’ said Hooke.
It couldn’t hurt. Perhaps he might earn these flakes’ regard. Drawing back the folds of the cloak and pulling the waist of his breeches aside, Fleet let them see the pistol-shot’s damage. The wound was scabbed with blood, hip puckered and scarred where flesh pulled lividly over bone. Georgina rose from her chair and gazed at the injury, her fingers coming near the scabbed blood before pulling them away.
‘Not much of a wound, hardly worth carping on about,’ Morgan grunted, turning back to the game. 
Finding himself staring into the muzzle of a pistol, the dog-head drawn back. 
Hooke levelled the weapon at his face.
‘I – Mr. Hooke?’
‘Mr. Leary apparently has the fortitude to take a bullet, Morgan. Does your ability surpass his?’ 
Georgina slipped from Fleet’s side and came beside her man, lowering herself until she could gaze along the weapon.
‘I don’t understand, sir. Have I given offence?’
Hooke lifted the pot Morgan was using to collect cigar ash. Two aces, clubs and spades, lay beneath.
Fleet followed Georgina’s example and moved aside, pressing himself against the wall of the snug. Dyer leaned over to look at the cards. ‘That’s where they’ve been! I’ve been wondering why we haven’t seen those buggers for so long.’ He flung an arm around Morgan’s shoulder, the man’s face devoid of colour. ‘You devil – what are you about, eh? Taking us for fools like that.’ He was shaking the man and chuckling, though Morgan showed nothing but fear – ghastly white, lips moving silently. Dyer slid the cards back to the deck and picked up Morgan’s cigar, drawing on it before gazing seriously at his own hand. 
‘Mr. Hooke—’ Morgan’s voice was imploring. ‘Please.’
‘We come to the Crucible to escape oppression, Morgan, to escape those that trespass against us, finding assurance in those we keep close, not to betray those trusts.’
‘I know, sir, I know – I understand.’
‘Good. The lesson is well learned.’ Morgan relaxed with a smile. ‘But purloining opium from the wharfsiders for your own profit – well now, that would be outright theft, Mr. Morgan. And you know me better than that.’
The pistol shot was thunderous in the confines of the snug. Morgan’s head snapped back as brains and shattered bone burst across the panelled door, a look of permanent surprise etched on his face as his head fell and gore poured from the ragged hole.
Dyer gazed thoughtfully at his hand while Georgina’s eyes went wide, a delighted expression on her face as smoke curled from the barrel of Hooke’s pistol, the smell of burnt powder mixing with the iron-smell of blood. 
‘Teeth for the dentists, Mr. Solomon. Dispose of the body.’ 
The weapon clattered on the card table as the giant nodded, pulling a canvas tarpaulin from underneath and folding the dead man inside, dragging him clear via the back door.
Fleet hadn’t spoken but continued to stare at the pooling gore beneath the vacant chair, his flesh crawling with sweat and dreadfully aware that Hooke’s attention had turned on him. He returned the man’s stare, heart pounding and the room bright, every detail of Hooke’s scarred face filling his gaze.
‘I have another task for you, Mr. Leary.’
The floor became unsteady as Fleet’s legs threatened to fail him. 
Should have run, should have bloody well run. ‘Mr. Hooke—?’
‘Dyer?’ Hooke’s eyes darted to the man, still staring at his cards, who pulled a leather purse from under his jacket and tossed it heedlessly to the cracksman. Fleet plucked it from the air. ‘Payment for services rendered.’
He risked a glance inside. Ten guineas – more money than he would see in a month of fencing stolen goods.
‘You have done me a distinct service, Mr. Leary. I have one task remaining and then you may consider your debt repaid,’ said Hooke.
Georgina stood and approached him, watching him and smiling, placing a hand on his shoulder. ‘You wouldn’t want to let us down, would you, Michael?’ Her gaze went to the blood and brains pooling on the floor. 
‘I wouldn’t dream of it, dear lady.’ He returned her smile with an assurance he had no feeling for and turned to Hooke. ‘You only have to ask, sir.’
‘Good man,’ he stood, huge in the confines of the snug, Georgina slipping back to him. ‘Nothing so perilous as before, Mr. Leary – I wish you to locate someone.’
Nothing so perilous – had to be fucking joking.
‘A woman – name of Martindale, Joanna Martindale. Tall, auburn-haired and green-eyed. You have no need to approach her, just find her, fast as you like, then return here and tell me where she is. Where she is and who she’s with.’
Seemed simple enough. ‘Where might I begin, sir?’
‘Southwark.’
‘Southwark’s a big place, Mr. Hooke.’
The shadow neared, becoming the centre of his world. ‘Then you might want to be about your business.’
He nodded, stepping away. Dyer grinned at him. 
Turning to the door, he heard Hooke’s voice. ‘Your hurts were eased by laudanum, Mr. Leary. I have an understanding with those who enjoy our trade – nothing escapes my eye.’
A crawling dread took him and he closed his eyes, waiting for the shot. Hoping it would be quick.
‘Not for profit but to ease your duty towards me. Next time you need only ask.’
The dread slipped away, prickling his skin as he breathed again – the briefest of nods and he was through the door. 
Every drinker in the taproom avoided his eyes. 
All but McGregor, who watched him, agog, nodding at him in relief as Fleet smiled weakly back and limped into the street.
Where he bent double and vomited into the gutter.



Chapter 28



Finally, she recognised the reflection that gazed back at her, tying her hair back as she inspected herself for signs of hurt. The bruises had faded from livid puce to a sickly yellow before finally disappearing, and Joanna stared at a face made pale and pleasant, searching the reflection with her fingers. 
Though the reality of her ordeal would never let herself think herself fair. Beauty was skin deep – her scars sank deeper. Worse still was knowing she had brought them on herself.
A china basin, filled with water, lay before her, and she made a bowl of her hands, lowering them into the water, washing her face. Her gasp became a sigh – the simple pleasure of clean water on skin. She reached for a cloth to dry her face, opening her eyes as she did.
Eve watched from behind. ‘Perfect.’
‘I feel far from perfect, Miss Grey.’
‘Such feelings will come, first we steer regard.’ She drew back. ‘Are you ready?’
Joanna turned to her, Eve was dressed for walking. ‘Are you going somewhere?’
‘Lady Kendal desires your presence. We will find you suitable attire.’
Joanna licked her lips. ‘I will not—’
‘You will.’
Eve’s searing gaze filled her eyes. Fear and uncertainty waned. She wanted nothing more to help, to conform, and she found herself whispering, ‘Indeed I will.’

The hour was fair, though they moved under a sky drawn with cloud, kindled by a distant sun. Joanna shielded her face with her headdress, peering from within as she fell into step with her unlikely saviour, attracting admiring glances of gentlemen whose paths they crossed.
Joanna did her best to avoid their gazes.
They found a cordwainer where Joanna had her feet measured by an amiable and attentive gent, taking to his task with a careful will, smiling up at her as he measured her. She watched him at his business, eyes glowering over half-moon spectacles, a lascivious sneer curling lips that were wet with desire as he caressed her feet. Despair made her breathless – needing to run, to be far away. 
Eve stood before the shop windows – a shadow bordered in light, watching as her fear abated and her breathing quieted, and she found her gaze returning to the cordwainer, standing now, entirely inoffensive and confident her order would be fulfilled in a matter of days.
Eve paid the man for his services and joined her in the street. ‘Miss Grey, I cannot allow you to pay for this. You have done so much for me, far more than I could ever repay.’ Joanna’s head was bowed. ‘Your generosity shames me.’
‘I do not give it freely, Joanna.’
Her eyes filled with doubt. ‘What is it you want of me?’
‘An affinity, an appreciation.’
‘It is given – unquestionably so.’
She smiled, and Joanna found her arm taken, a steadiness beneath her grasp that saw her guided on, lending her courage, the first she had known in what seemed like a very long time.
They stopped. Eve was frowning beneath the brim of her hat, staring at Joanna.
‘What is it?’
Eve’s eyes drifted and closed as she lifted her head, breathing deeply, turning her face as she squinted under the dull sky. ‘A little further, Miss Martindale.’
Joanna wanted to say more but was drawn on to a dressmakers, it’s bay windows filled with mannequins. Eve led her in, a doorbell ringing as the proprietor and his seamstress wife greeted them. ‘Welcome, ladies. I am delighted to have two such charming and well-presented young women honouring my shop this day.’
His ruddy face was as exuberant as his manner. Eve took a guinea and pressed it into his hand. ‘This buys my companion your attention while you measure her for ivory satin.’
An eyebrow was raised. ‘Satin? That will be difficult. I have little stock and many interested—’ 
He became silent as she passed him another coin. ‘There will be more.’
‘Of course, madam, you have only to ask.’
‘Eve, what are you—?’ 
‘I will return shortly. Do not leave this place and give them my name if they require it. You will be safe – I have an errand to run.’
 Joanna’s face was pained. ‘What? Where—?’
She was gone, the bell signalling her departure. Joanna turned to find the shopkeep holding a tape-measure at full length, the seamstress smiling ingratiatingly.
She returned a weak smile. It seemed the right thing to do.

Pedestrians streamed about her as her eyes closed in shadow, tasting their ambitions, saturated by mundanity and desire. An aura of intent guided her, feeling for the watcher. 
They were observed, not with malice but something else. The familiar sourness that cautioned her was absent. She could feel a coerced mind. His desire – and it was a man – was to be done with his task, to fulfil an obligation not his own. 
She opened her eyes, and at that moment he turned, gazing at her from the far paving – a kind face with quick eyes beneath the shadow of a cap, stunned at her awareness.
He was gone, disappeared into the crowd that disordered the street, carts and carriages clattering over cobblestones. 
Not that it mattered. His mind was alive to her, a beacon of anxiety, desperate to be away. Moving across the busy street, she tasted his unease, a disquiet among the masses. 
She drew near.

How in God’s name had she seen him? 
Fleet hurried to distance himself from the dark-haired woman in the swank green dress, staying low as he ducked and twisted through the back-alley’s of Newington, trying to find some peace until he could get back to tailing them again.
It had to be her, Joanna Martindale – Hooke’s description was spot-on. Those held by the Crucible would suffer, sure, but a young woman, alone and out of her well-to-do surroundings, held in the purgatory of Jacob’s Island by Hooke’s lunatics? Her survival was remarkable – unnerving, even – let alone her pluck in being about in broad daylight. Probably had something to do with the location she was in, though he could see she was anything but comfortable in Newington – eyes down and shoulders hunched beneath a timid gaze.
Probably had something to do with the woman she was with, too. She was the reverse of the uncertain young lady with her – head high and an ease to her bearing as she moved, a half-smile giving an assured air that came so readily to the nobs this side of the city. Though he had to admit, she was quite fetching. Exiting the shop, he had watched her from the crowd, feigning interest in a window display then risking a glance – finding her staring at him, blunting his already lacklustre conviction and seeing him melt into the crowds.
He stopped to think. He couldn’t ask around for Joanna Martindale – if it were known she had been held by the Crucible he would be implicated, suspicions raised, and a short trip to the gallows. On the other hand, Jacob Hooke’s reward for failure would be just as certain. He had to find her again. Find her and tail her to wherever the hell she was lodged. 
‘You’re between a rock and a hard place, Fleet. Best be about it.’ Sucking in a breath he turned at the corner of the alley. 
And found himself frozen by her gaze once more.
She watched him, her eyes in shadow. He was wide-eyed as the colour leached from his face, mirroring her pallid skin. He backed away – she was a young woman, vulnerable and alone in Newington’s quiet alleys, yet he felt only doubt under her stare. Turning to run, he moved quickly and awkwardly between back-streets, double-backing and watching reflections in shop windows for signs of pursuit. A breathless halt beside a market trader at the edge of Newington’s privileged sprawl saw him kneading his aching hip, the pain making him wince. Taverns and pie-shops rose along the edge of the narrow street, and he backed into the shadows of another alley, leaning against the brickwork for support.
‘Are we done with our pursuit?’ 
His eyes snapped up. She was there, smiling beneath the shadow of her hat. ‘Only, it does seem a little undignified, the two of us charging about Southwark like players in a children’s game.’
He was looking for exits, looking for a weapon and realising he had none. Not that he wanted violence, he never did, but something was very wrong here. ‘Sorry, Miss – you’re mistaken, I was just looking for someone.’
‘Now you have found someone.’
He chuckled without feeling. ‘Ah, not you, I’m afraid – though I can see how I might wish to do so.’
‘My friend, then.’
‘Nope. Not her either.’
She drew near, unblinking. ‘Are you sure? She is a handsome young woman who moves in diverse circles, though not, I might add, by choice.’
His heart was beating harder. ‘You’ve got me wrong, Miss – I’m not looking for either you nor your friend—’
‘Martindale. Miss Joanna Martindale.’ Her lips parted in invitation, enticing him to say more. She had the better of him, and he felt a moment’s relief as she looked down. ‘You move awkwardly, sir. You are injured.’
He swallowed, trying to think of a way out. And failing. ‘Just an old injury that grieves me from time to time.’ 
He steeled himself to thrust by her as she stared at him. ‘It was you who raided Sir Stephen’s home.’
She was stripping him bare. He set to putting space between them and shouldered past her. And found himself going nowhere, a slim, satin-clad arm pressed against the wall, barring his escape. ‘If you please – a moment of your time.’
‘Excuse me, Miss, but I have to be away.’ Shoving forward, he found himself unable to move her aside, driving himself on and getting nowhere, staring incredulously as he threw himself against her.
‘You would not be so ill-mannered as to ignore a lady’s wish to talk, sir?’ 
It was like shouldering rock – she barely moved, no matter how hard he pushed or tried to lever past her, and he stood back, staring in wonder and rubbing his jaw. ‘What is it you want of me?’
Her hand fell from the wall. ‘You are not as they.’
‘They? Who do you refer to?’
‘The Crucible. You have no taste for their work.’
He shook his head, whether in agreement or befuddlement he wasn’t sure himself. ‘Who on Earth are you, Miss?’
She smiled delicately. ‘And still you display good manners. I am correct, aren’t I, Mr.—?’
He licked his lips, thinking of a lie and finding none. He wasn’t going anywhere, that was for sure. ‘Fleet.’
‘Fleet?’ She tilted her head. ‘Not today, though?’
He shrugged. ‘Not today.’
‘Jacob Hooke constrained you to the whereabouts of Miss Martindale, did he not?’
He couldn’t meet her eyes. ‘He did.’
‘Do you know what was done to her, by the Crucible, Fleet?’
‘I can imagine.’
‘No, Fleet, you cannot. You would not suffer like that – you would not be able to.’ She came nearer, and his bile rose. ‘That she survived at all is a wonder. Her survival remains in doubt and I will not allow her to suffer more. Your conscience is your own – report to Jacob Hooke on your findings if you wish, though should you do so, deaths will ensue, of that I can assure you.’
Nothing he had seen or heard of her could sway that notion, and he shook his head with a resolve stronger than Hooke’s threats. 
‘You have nothing to concern you on that score, Miss. As you say, they’re not my kind of people. I will return to their master with news of Miss Martindale’s disappearance, you may be sure.’
‘Such are the actions of a gentleman, Fleet. You realise you place yourself in the gravest danger by doing so?’
He hesitated, perhaps through want of courage, but mainly because he needed no help imagining what Hooke would do if he found out. ‘Sure, as long as I have legs to carry me the danger will always be behind me.’ 
She returned his smile and he felt himself colouring. Her hand rested on his, nothing like as severe as he expected. ‘Take care, Fleet. I would have us treat with each other under better circumstances.’
‘That would be grand, Miss—?’
She didn’t reply and turned to leave.
‘What is Joanna Martindale to you anyway?’ His cry halted her at the corner of the alley. 
‘Nothing, Fleet. A means to an end.’
She was gone, leaving him staring despondently. Though the thought struck him she might not be being entirely honest – she’d certainly gone to a hell of a trouble to keep young Joanna safe. 
‘Depends on your point of view, I suppose.’ He shook his head, exiting the alley and wondering what he was to say to Jacob Hooke. Whatever it was, his life depended on making it believable. 
‘You’re a fucking maniac, Mr. Hooke, and no man in his right mind would entertain working with you or your band of savages. Good day to you.’
That should do it.
He shivered in spite of the afternoon warmth, pulling his cap over his eyes as he lost himself in the crowds.



Chapter 29



They stood before the portico of Grace Kendal’s home. The sky had darkened, the promise of a storm on a leaden horizon. Joanna waited, immobile, as the carriage left them, even as Eve took the steps to the manor’s entrance. 
Joanna’s unease was stirring her baser instincts, her anxiety infusing her, lacing the girl’s blood with an exquisite dread. A delicious torment as needle-sharp canines scraped her lips, an image of Joanna as cornered prey – heart beating quick and fearful – made her ache.
Her recovery should not be in vain.
Softening her desire with a sigh, her body relaxed, as did her teeth. ‘Breathe, Joanna – your welcome is assured. I will not enter alone, nor will you.’ Lamps and candles had been lit, despite the early hour, the darkening sky obliging their light, and guests were moving behind the glass of the reception rooms. She felt Joanna swallow, the drumbeat of her heart almost hypnotic. ‘Come, sister. The fear will wane.’
Matching Joanna’s steps, they ascended, standing before the entrance as a footman held the doors. Joanna’s eyes were wide in the dim light, and she took her hand as they passed the threshold. The sounds of genial conversation and musical airs came from within as a familiar scent came to her. 
‘You are late, young lady.’
Joanna turned quickly. Grace Kendal stood before her, a stern manner belied by the warmth of her smile. ‘Lady Kendal, I—’ Joanna’s eyes were bright, her voice faltering, and in lieu of anything pertinent to say she made an elaborate curtsey. ‘Forgive me my tardiness, Lady Kendal. I have been—’ 
‘There is nothing to forgive. You have no idea how relieved I am to see you,’ Grace placed her hands on Joanna’s arms and her lips against her forehead. ‘You are most welcome, Joanna.’
Eve felt a shiver of relief touch the girl’s mind as the wearing vigilance eased. Grace looked behind Joanna. ‘Your friends await your company.’
‘Joanna!’ Victoria hurried to embrace her as guests looked on disapprovingly at the undignified display.
‘Vicky – it is wonderful to see you again.’ Her cheeks flushed in the embrace of her friend, the moment enduring until another made her presence felt.
‘Joanna?’
Charlotte was standing quietly behind, her hands fretting. Letting Victoria’s arms slip away, Joanna stood before her, gazing at her as she took her hands in her own. ‘Lottie—’ she embraced her, her face wreathed in Charlotte’s hair. ‘I am sorry. You must forgive me – I am—’
Eve watched in silence. 
Too much, too soon. 
Joanna was threatened by the surge of emotion, by the weakness of her healing mind. She swept champagne glasses from the tray of a passing steward and closed on the girls, placing a hand on Joanna’s shoulder and squeezing, the pain intruding on her despair. ‘This is a happy occasion, ladies, and your hostess has gone to much trouble to make it so,’ she slipped her hand from Joanna’s shoulder. ‘I believe you owe one another a toast – to constant friends?’
‘Hear, hear.’ Victoria took a glass for her and Charlotte. 
Eve passed a glass to Joanna, lowering her voice. ‘Little to drink and light conversation. This is an exercise – be at ease.’
Joanna nodded. ‘To constant friends.’ Charlotte raised her glass as they drank together. 
Joanna spoke hesitantly. ‘Tell me all I have missed.’ 
Charlotte and Victoria accepted her invitation to gossip as they gathered, seeking some privacy. Joanna smiled at Eve as they disappeared into a drawing-room, brightened by a crackling fire. Eve returned the smile as Grace stood beside her. ‘You work miracles, Miss Grey. One day, you must tell me of my young ward’s release.’
She swept a fresh glass from the servant, earning an irked look as he turned to fill his platter yet again. ‘To confound the wicked is no miracle, rather an obligation we all share.’
‘Very well said. Do you know you can sound quite pompous when the occasion takes you?’ 
‘Of course. I am paraphrasing Fitzroy Wallace’s latest sermon,’ Eve’s smile mirrored Grace’s. 
‘Credit where it’s due.’

‘I hardly recognised you, Milton.’ Dalton found his military friend after detaching himself from yet another of St Thomas’ benefactors. It wasn’t the first time that evening he’d been compelled to make polite conversation with a first-rate bore to the betterment of the faculty, but he was finding the socialising increasingly dull. Thankfully, Grace Kendal had invited more appealing guests. 
Hale was wearing a jacket of blue serge over tan breeches and hessian boots, turning from conversation with Sir Stephen as Dalton drew near. ‘Evening to you, James – glad you could make it. I confess, I cannot match wits with a man of medicine, even one who speaks as plainly as your governor.’
Hale’s brashness was as absent as the scarlet of his uniform. And his champagne glass was still full. 
Milton Hale, sensible and sober? Witchcraft! 
‘Well at least I’ll have someone to talk to who can understand the finer points of medicine, rather than pretend at it,’ said Dalton.
‘James, as I told you – the higher you rise in the art, the deeper you wade in statecraft, it’s the way of the world.’ Bachelor leaned heavily on his cane. ‘And as for discreet conversation, well then, if you fellows are not up to the task it falls to me to take the lead. Gentlemen,’ Nodding courteously, he took his leave. 
‘Good fellow that, James. A fine man to have as your principal.’
‘You don’t know the half of it. Fierce as a lion and cunning as a fox regarding the finer points of medicine. Quite the politico too.’
‘Sly as a stoat?’ Hale was smiling. 
‘Mock all you like, Captain Hale, the analogies are entirely appropriate.’ Dalton stared at his friend. ‘You are dressed with notable sobriety this evening, Milton. A change in fashion for the First?’
‘I think I’ve relied too long on the uniform to bring me favour. High time I exercised some discretion, wouldn’t you say?’
Dalton’s glass was halfway to his lips, before pressing a finger into Hale’s chest. ‘Who are you, cur, and what have you done with my friend?’
Hale’s smile became broader. ‘Who mocks whom now?’
Dalton grinned, raising a glass to the milling guests. ‘Then let us try our collective wit as one, eh, Milton? Surely there are ample opportunities for us to—’
He wanted to appear confident, he really did, but her presence unmanned him, her searing blue eyes seeing more of him than he knew. 
‘Good evening, gentlemen. A pleasure to find you here.’
Evelida Grey filled his vision with sinuous elegance. Beyond the walls of the manor, a distant thunder shivered the guests with uneasy laughter. If his mouth wasn’t dry before it certainly was now. 
‘Miss Grey, as ever your presence enlivens the most luminous occasion.’ Hale spoke, and Dalton turned to find him no longer the swaggering adventurer but a model of gentlemanly conduct. He took her hand, gloved in silk, and lowered his lips to her fingers. She averted her gaze and smiled coyly, placing her hand at her breast. 
Quite irresistible.
‘Captain Hale, you no longer flatter to deceive, but simply for it’s own sake. Quite irresistible.’
And why did she always seem to know what he was thinking? 
Her gaze turned on him and he was held fast, caught in the glamour of her eyes – damn his reserve!
‘Well, then – I too must join Sir Stephen. You will excuse me?’ 
Despite his modesty, he welcomed Hale’s departure. ‘I will catch up with you later, Milton. I have a matter to discuss with Miss Grey.’
‘I’m sure you do.’ He sounded innocent, a sea-change indeed. ‘Until later, Miss Grey.’
‘Captain Hale.’ 
Her eyes hadn’t left Dalton’s, and he sought the right words as his friend departed. Nothing presented itself and he almost sighed with relief when she spoke. ‘Shall we speak of medicine, James? A familiar theme to comfort your nerve, a prelude to more courtly pursuits?’
The relief evaporated, his heart pounding fit to burst.

She admired him so very much, yet she couldn’t resist provoking him. She told herself it was the predator within – his blood was fired by a delicious anxiety and it made her heady. She leant forward to whisper in his ear, to release him from his disquiet. And the need to extend her teeth, to part his flesh and feed on him, shivered her. ‘I am teasing, James – surely you know me well enough by now?’ She felt him relax, the slowing of his heart while his pupils bloomed. ‘There, now – perhaps we might walk together and find something more simple to speak of?’
‘I would like that, Miss Grey. Shall we take to Lady Kendal’s conservatory?’
‘Good and proper. Lead on.’ She felt the guests’ eyes on them as they passed, sensing approval and mundanity, listening above all for disquiet – a turmoil at Joanna Martindale’s reappearance. 
‘I’m afraid I have little to reveal regarding your physical examination, Miss Grey. Despite exploring numerous texts, modern and ancient, I am no nearer to a theory regarding your – condition.’
‘I would be more than happy with a simple idea. Your best guess will be sufficient.’ She stopped, and he did the same. ‘I have every confidence in you, James.’
‘Miss Grey—’ 
‘Eve, James – we know each other well enough to avoid formality.’
He smiled and she felt his courage flare. ‘Eve. You have my word, I will always endeavour to help you but you must understand, I may never have the resources or knowledge to provide you the answers you seek.’
They came to the conservatory and the arboreal charm settled her, an analogy coming to mind. ‘You should put aside the man of medicine, James. Think as a naturalist would.’
‘A naturalist?’
‘You find evidence of natures alien to the bodies of those you examine, yes? Well then, perhaps an enquiry along such lines—’
His eyes left hers and she could feel his excitement, her heart warming to the thrill of it. ‘My God, why didn’t I think—?’ 
He was a born healer, despite the killer within.
‘Miss Grey, Eve, do you believe—?’
‘I believe nothing, James. But when one has exhausted all possibilities, it is time to look beyond the constraints of your field, yes?’
The smile returned. ‘It is indeed.’
She sought to blunt his emotion. ‘I believe we have strayed from our duty. Shall we return before we are missed?’
‘Of course. We are indebted to our hostess. Both you and she have become quite close, have you not?’ said Dalton.
‘By her discretion and the company she keeps I have come to admire her.’
Modesty made him look away. 
Enough, now. She had provoked his admiration to protect herself from superstition and the shock of revelation. In time, he would suffer by the inevitability of her presence. 
She owed him a debt of gratitude to ease those hurts. 

Hale stood between the doors of a terrace overlooking the gardens and watched the approaching storm. The clouds were heavy, and a breeze bringing distant thunder did little to soften the close air. He lifted a glass to his mouth – he had held it for so long that the drink was flat – and cast the liquid away, staining the terrace before the promised rain. Lightning flashed across distant fields, the light forcing his eyes shut, tighter still, as a boom rolled over the trees, the storm’s thunder bringing a vision he had long sought to extinguish. 
The laughter of the guests went unheard, along with the music of the quartet. Instead, he heard the thunder of cannon, the crackle of massed musketry, and saw the flashes, not of lightning, but of weapons – muzzles that sent death his way and left him untouched.
Him alone.
A second flash, nearer now, made him wince, and the boom of thunder was as furious as the artillery at Alexandria. 
Time and again he had led his company against the great walls and scorned his death – the flash of muskets, the whip-crack as bullet’s slipped by him to take another of his men. And the cannon fire that to this day left his ears ringing – a distant tone, a testament to the dead he had left on Egypt’s bloody sands. For so long he had sought to drown the shame of survival in drink and baseness. 
It was getting him nowhere, a mounting taint that bordered on disgrace. She was right – obviously she had been right. He had shirked the duty he owed himself, that he owed his men, to recognise the shame for what it was and fight it as he should have done from the very beginning.
He was an officer of the First. He would conduct himself like one.
A lightning flash lit the manor, the thunder immediate. 
‘God damn it!’
The first drops of rain started to fall.
‘Captain Hale?’
Turning at the quiet voice, he found Joanna Martindale, her gaze low and her hands held before her. ‘I did not mean to disturb you, I merely thought—’ her eyes drifted as the words tailed off, unrecognisable as the brash young woman he had known.
‘Miss Martindale – forgive me. The thunder, you see? It sometimes—’ He couldn’t find the words to make her understand. Nor did he believe he wanted to.
‘Oh, no – please, don’t apologise. It is I who should beg your pardon for coming upon you so.’
Again, he smiled, but her presence was difficult – her eyes devoid of scorn, but alive with recognition. The rain began to fall on the stone terrace, washing away the spilt champagne. He watched it fade and disappear, the thunder more distant, the air now cool and clear. 
He was an officer of the First. 
‘But you must forgive me, Miss Martindale. Sometimes a soldier forgets himself, even in polite company. The language – old habits, do you see?’
She neared him, a delicate scent, and he was glad of her company. ‘I am not so youthful that I do not understand the oppression placed on a man by warfare, Captain Hale. Those of us who have never faced such savagery, such violent—’ once more the words dwindled. Hale could see she was biting her lip, even as tears grew in her eyes. ‘Forgive me.’ She turned to leave. 
Hale placed a comforting hand on her arm as she did so. ‘Miss Martindale?’ 
‘No!’ 
She rounded on him, her teeth bared and her eyes alive with hatred, the shock of her fury fixing him in place, even as Joanna’s face softened once more.
‘No.’
Hale relaxed as her temper eased, though he couldn’t escape the suspicion that he wasn’t the only one who suffered nightmares born of reality. Lightning flashed in her eyes as he stared back, brightening the room before dimming once more. ‘Am I so objectionable, Miss Martindale?’
Her face pained. ‘No, you are not, sir. Indeed you are not.’
‘Where is it you have trodden? Are we so similar and yet so silent in unity?’ Sighing, he lowered himself to a seat, staring into the hearth of an unlit fire as the thunder rolled, passing his hands over his face. 
She watched him like that, devoid of conversation, before she too sat beside him. Finding his gaze with a flicker of a smile, they sat in silence, seeking the right words.
None came. 
Perhaps they never would.
From the doorway, Grace Kendal watched them, a thoughtful look on her face, before closing the door quietly.

‘How do we fare in respect of our proposal, Samuel? Does the House approve of yours and White’s motion?’ Bachelor interrupted Derleth’s conversation between the politician and an elderly constituent, who moved away under the surgeon’s implacable gaze.
Derleth returned his stare. ‘I received the account you sent regarding the nature of the recently dead. Most impressive – young Dalton’s diligence is remarkable.’
‘I would hope so. With him, the evolution we see in the faculty’s progress has been exceptional. We appreciate his presence all the more in light of recent events.’
‘Ah, the demise of Enoch Shelby. Sir Stephen, you have my profound condolences, his loss must be felt most acutely.’
‘His loss? His murder, Samuel.’
Derleth’s eyes narrowed. ‘You have evidence?’
‘No. But the dean kept to sober pursuits. His death, never entirely unexpected because of his years, would not have resulted in delivery to the anatomists. This business reeks of suspicion, Samuel,’ Bachelor drew near. ‘His death was a warning.’
‘A warning?’
‘James Dalton has the right of it – Shelby only spoke in exalted circles. He was loud in condemnation of the Crucible, calling for more punitive measures to be taken against them, and they were never to know of it. Dalton believes Jacob Hooke’s confederates are steered by a society member, a representative of the London elite, governing their pursuits for his own insidious ends.’
‘Does he, now?’
Derleth hadn’t spoken, though he and Bachelor turned to the one who did, sumptuously dressed and eyeing them with disdain. ‘Young Dalton should have a care – such speculation borders on the ridiculous.’ Hyde White smirked as he sipped from his glass.
‘As distasteful as they are there is credence to Dalton’s suspicions, White,’ said Bachelor.
‘Sir Stephen, do you really expect Mr. Derleth or myself to go before the House and lay such a claim? Do you believe you might help your cause by doing so? That Jacob Hooke and his band of illiterates are in thrall to one of parliament’s own?’
Derleth moved to interject. ‘White—’
‘And you would entertain such a proposal, Samuel? To expose yourself to ridicule so?’ White shook his head. ‘We have fenced in matters of politics many times, and yet I find it baffling that you would demean yourself by accepting this outlandish notion.’
‘Do not speak to me as though I were a callow youth, ignorant in manners of statecraft, sir. I would not lay such a proposal before the House, damned if I would not!’ He drew near, though White stood his ground. ‘You would not find me making such claims. You would, however, find me introducing the possibility of such foulness with the vigilance and delicacy I have become respected for. You will not treat with me as though I am so naive. I will have your respect, sir, or you will be made to regret it.’ 
Bachelor watched the extraordinary confrontation unfold. The display bordered on the obscene – fit, perhaps, as a prelude to a tavern-brawl, but ill-befitting statesmen. ‘Gentlemen, I fear we have become mired in discord – this is beneath us. Regardless of our motivations, we must not overlook our reasons for pursuing such enquiries.’ Derleth and White glared at each other as Bachelor continued. ‘Dean Shelby lies dead upon the stones of our mortuary, mutilated by those who would profit from his passing. There is no justification for such an end and it deserves our scrutiny, lest such malevolence grow.’
‘At the very least, then, one of you speaks with prudence.’ 
They turned to find Grace Kendal watching them with a cold eye. ‘Do I find you lacking in cheer, gentlemen? To set about each other with sword or pistol or, God forbid, fists?’
White looked abashed, Derleth merely stared as she continued. ‘Save your engagements for parliament, gentlemen. I asked you to my home for your wit and influence. From what I heard I would have been better served by stevedores lifted from a Bankside tavern.’ 
White bridled at her tone but stayed quiet. ‘There now, you have me to focus your ire on while your temper’s cool,’ she smiled sweetly, their faces softening as Bachelor checked his grin ‘Sir Stephen? When you have a minute I have a matter to discuss, no need to rush.’ Departing with a sweep of her gown, she left them silent in her wake. 
Evelida Grey was revealed, her presence a sudden relief to Bachelor. ‘A pleasant surprise, Miss Grey – will you join us?’ 
She came forward and held something towards Derleth. ‘Monsieur Derleth. C'est agréable de vous retrouver dans une compagnie aussi auguste – I have something for you,’ she held a book, a slim, leather-bound tome, worn and aged. ‘As promised, sir, the collected works of M. Voiture.’
Derleth took it, reverently. ‘How on Earth did you come by this?’
‘A woman is loath to reveal her sources. Be assured it is mine to give, and you are welcome to it for as long as you wish.’
He ran his fingers over the leather binding, speaking quietly. ‘You have done me a service, Miss Grey, a fine service.’ A cough from White stirred his attention. ‘Ah, my manners. Miss Grey, might I introduce you to my adversary in the House, Mr. Hyde White. Hyde, I have the honour to introduce a friend of our hostess and of St Thomas’, Miss Evelida Grey.’
White’s face was shrewd as she offered her hand. ‘Enchanté, madam.’
She slipped her hand from his and placed it over her breast. ‘Sir Stephen, you have been most remiss – why have you denied me the company of such a handsome man?’
White placed his hands behind his back with a smirk. Bachelor looked distracted. ‘Well, now, I must admit, it never occurred to me, what with more sombre affairs of late.’
‘That’s quite all right, Sir Stephen. This is, after all, what such occasions are for.’ White kept his gaze on her. ‘Perhaps we might find some time to make better our acquaintance, Miss Grey?’
She lowered her eyes, smiling girlishly and twisting a tendril of sable hair around a long finger. ‘I find that most agreeable, Mr. White.’ 
The silence became awkward, Bachelor’s eyes growing hard. ‘Come, Samuel. Despite the ravages of gout, I feel the need for drink. You will join me?’
Derleth was interrupted by Eve. ‘Do not leave on my account, gentlemen, I have another appointment. Mr. Derleth, keep the book for as long as you wish. Sir Stephen, it is always a pleasure.’
She was gone, their eyes fixed on her swiftly retreating form. 
Derleth echoed their thoughts. ‘Contradictory, isn’t she?’

‘There you are, old fellow. Grace had me searching for you for some task.’ Dalton found his friend walking with a familiar figure. She lowered her eyes, devoid of audacity. ‘Joanna – Miss Martindale, it is good to see you.’
She offered a hesitant smile. ‘James, I am – heartened to be in your company. How have you been?’
He took a breath, made uncertain by her tone. 
Hale spoke first. ‘Perhaps I should find Lady Kendal, see about this errand you mentioned. Miss Martindale, I am grateful for your company.’ He inclined his head and Dalton saw the warmth between them, her eyes following as he departed.
How to proceed? 
‘You look as lovely as ever, Miss Martindale.’ 
She avoided his eyes as he spoke. ‘Forgive me, I am not the most sensitive of men. I merely wished to convey—’
‘I know what you wished to convey, James. Do not reproach yourself, you are very kind.’ Despite her poise, he could see the anguish behind her eyes. ‘I have been a little out of sorts of late. The comfort I enjoyed in the company of friends and companions, I now find troublesome. It is – difficult.’
For once, he found himself longing for a sign of her former boldness. 
Something lighter, then, something in common. ‘Lady Kendal informs me you have been in the care of Miss Grey?’
Her face became kind. ‘Dear Miss Grey – she has been a sister to me. The kindest of friends, the most perilous of companions.’
Perilous? 
‘I beg your pardon?’
The assurance was back. ‘You would do well to know her better, James, for she sees the world as no other, though how she attained such wisdom . . .’ her gaze drifted. ‘She is remarkably discreet in manner. I would say you have much to discuss on matters of science, James, of the nature of the world – in that respect you have much in common, though I would caution you as you do so,’ the assurance slipped and she came close. ‘I love her as no other, as a friend and redeemer, and I am indebted to her beyond words, only please be careful, James – she is dangerous.’
She smiled once, a gesture of sincerity. Finding Charlotte and Victoria behind, all smiles and gossip, they joined the assembled guests – a final look from Joanna and they were gone, leaving him to ponder her words.
Dangerous? Evelida Grey? She was a woman. Weren’t all women perilous to men? 
He shook his head. Curious, perhaps, but dangerous?
‘James, I have a task for you and for our guests’ amusement,’ Grace appeared with Hale in tow – fencing sabres in hand as he regarded his friend with an apologetic smile. ‘The rain still falls, and my guests are confined to my home. I have a duty of entertainment and you have a duty to me as a friend.’
From the corner of his eye he could see her stewards moving furniture aside in the former ballroom, marking the limits of contest in chalk on the polished floor.
Hale offered him a weapon. ‘Come, bookworm. It seems we are to contest the strip once more.’
Taking the sabre, he came close. ‘I know you have been in practice at Angelo’s, Milton – this is your idea, I take it?’
‘Not mine, old friend – hers.’
He nodded towards the pale figure in dark satin, sipping from a champagne glass and watching with gleaming eyes.
Dangerous.

The moment Fleet entered the Draught Horse, Dyer’s eyes were on him, and he felt himself falter, avoiding his gaze. Checking himself, he added a touch more dash, acknowledging Dyer with a nod, but it was too late – the Crucible man’s smile slipped, just a little, at his uncertainty. 
‘Ale for our surreptitious adventurer, McGregor.’ A foaming mug of beer appeared, McGregor watching the Irishman as suspiciously as Dyer, before returning to his chores. 
Fleet leaned on the bar and brought the mug to his lips. ‘Grateful to you, Mr. Dyer, though where you find your tuppence-ha’penny titles is beyond me.’
‘Articles of War and the King’s Manual of Army Regulations. Good to see you, Fleet.’ 
Dyer was as cordial as ever. 
Shit. 
Fleet sipped at his ale and pretended nonchalance. ‘I’d say it’s good to be back but two days and nights in Newington doesn’t make for nostalgia.’
‘Ah, there do our aspirations rise, along with those who might do us harm.’ He could feel Dyer’s gaze levelled on him, waiting for him to speak. 
A little more front, then. ‘You’re not going to like what I have to say.’
‘What you have to say is of no importance to me.’ 
Fleet spared him a look, the man smiled with the cheer of a tomcat with a mouse in reach. ‘Miss Martindale no longer resides in Southwark. I heard tell of her staying with this Grey woman, in Newington—’
‘From whom?’
Shouldn’t have done that, should’ve prepared a more convincing story. ‘A milliners I came upon—’
‘What milliners?’ 
He would put word out, of course – the man was obsessed. ‘Don’t remember the name – they have a fierce love of hats over there.’
Dyer called for whisky and McGregor topped off a glass, frosted with scratches. ‘That they do. So where is she?’
‘Gone north of the river, I heard, not so daft as they’d stay put.’
Dyer leaned on the bar, sipping from the glass. ‘Makes sense, especially so with the great and the good of St Thomas’ behind her.’
‘You think they’re behind her disappearance?’ It was the gentle ruse but feigning ignorance might buy him some trust.
‘Pound to a penny. We did it so why wouldn’t they?’
He didn’t like the ‘we’ but ignored it, sipping his ale.
‘So, then, Leary,’ Dyer knocked back the spirit, cracking the glass on the bar and earning a sour look from McGregor. ‘From who did you hear she’d gone to the north of the city?’
This time he was ready. ‘A dressmaker, name escapes me but the shop had the name “Couturière” above it.’
Dyer had his eyes shut, smirking and sniggering, and Fleet was momentarily confused. ‘Dressmaker, Leary – couturière is French for dressmaker.’
Fleet shrugged and raised his mug in salute. ‘You’re a man of the world, all right, Mr. Dyer.’
‘Picked up enough French putting them under fire and bayonet.’ 
Fleet drained his mug with a shudder. ‘So what now?’
‘So now,’ Dyer fished a purse tied with a leather thong from his jacket, ‘you receive payment.’ The purse hit the bar with enough force to suggest it was heavy with coin, and Fleet stared at it with surprise and uncertainty.
‘Not sure I should take it, after all, my task was to locate Miss Martindale’s whereabouts.’
‘And her whereabouts is north of the river. Take it.’ Dyer’s smile remained level as the cracksman hefted the purse and stowed it in the folds of his cloak. ‘Generosity of spirit, Fleet, your services to the Crucible are most welcome.’
‘That’s it then? We’re done?’
‘We’re done, Leary – though your efforts will be remembered.’ Dyer stood to leave, pulling a cap over his eyes and moving to the door. ‘One good turn deserves another, just as much as one ill turn.’ Fleet caught the gleam in his eye as he nodded his farewell, disappearing into the back alleys of Jacob’s Island.
McGregor sidled along the bar. ‘You clear of them then, Leary?’ Sucking in a breath and sighing it out, Fleet fished a half-crown from his cloak and spun it onto the wood of the bar. McGregor watched the coin spin before rattling to a stop. ‘Whisky?’
Fleet’s grin faded as soon as it had come. 
‘Leave the bottle.’

They took up positions opposite each other, Hale with the windows of Grace’s ballroom to the rear, Dalton with the assembled guests behind him – standing on the gallery that surrounded the ballroom. The guests strived to find better views of the combatants, moving and craning their necks, murmurs of excitement from all. 
Dalton felt his mouth drying under their scrutiny. For the third time he made fast the linen ties of his plastron – the padded vest that would bear the brunt of Hale’s strikes, and sought to settle his nerves. He felt the nausea rising, the lights of the chandelier too bright, pushing his unruly hair away with a sleeve. Hale was smiling sympathetically where once he would have mocked his unease, and he reflected on the change in his friend. Not just Milton, but Joanna too – they were so much more deliberate, and though the transition confounded him, he found himself relishing their company all the more.
What did they have in common?
‘Come, James – our audience awaits,’ said Hale.
Grace’s steward was acting as referee and beckoned them to the centre of the improvised strip. Hale had his hessian boots on while Dalton wore shoes. On the polished wood of the ballroom he might have an advantage, though he resolved to take nothing for granted – his friend was a professional soldier, and more steadier now than ever. He wanted to give a good account of himself, not just for the sake of competition, but for—
Evelida Grey caught his eye, standing statue-still, watching him as he tried not to stare at her. He saw her nod, imperceptibly, with the gentlest of smiles.
His breathing calmed, heart no longer pounding fit to burst, and he closed his eyes, sighing out the last of he breath, presenting his steel to Hale’s. 
‘En garde.’
The storm rumbled, lightning split the horizon. The audience faded into the rising darkness. His eyes opened, gazing at his friend’s – his adversary’s – following their movements, the twitch of a muscle cascading through his form. He saw where to strike, where to parry and where to feint.
The result was not in doubt.
‘Allez!’ 

She watched James and Milton engage in mock combat and closed her eyes, listening to the gasps and murmurs of the guests. Tasting their excitement as the clash of steel rang throughout the ballroom, she felt for something different, something conspicuous. 
The fencing had been her idea, to distract the guests, averting scrutiny on Joanna – struggling with her restoration. And to explore the minds of those engrossed in the spectacle, a welcome diversion, wagering on the drama of young men in feigned slaughter.
Nothing new under the sun. 
She smiled at the veneer of civility, the skein of decorum holding back humanity’s depravity. It made her feel better about herself. 
Nobody was who they appeared to be.
Setting apart the confusion rising from breath and blood and sweat, she found something she had only thinly anticipated. James, so modest, so restrained, read his opponent and saw his intent in the briefest of moments – in twitches of stance and resolve – and defeated him. Milton lunged and twisted, counter-thrusted and overstretched himself, and in the moments between did his best to follow James’s movements. He was honed by conflict. Men forged in warfare had fallen under his blade, and he had survived bloody actions time and again. And yet here, against a single opponent – a man of healing, no less – he fell short.
James’s blood sang as he dispatched Milton, a strike of the point, then the blade, and the referee called the touch, returning them to the limits of the strip before being called to contest once more. The guest’s appreciation grew clamorous as the score mounted in James’s favour. 
She found his desire, the joy of combat in his mind. More than that, she knew him for what he was, what lay beneath the physician. 
She saw the killer.
Sunk in the darkness of his mind its capacity was drowned in his devotion to others, immersed in medicine – but never entirely lost, yearning for release, to be unchained. 
They were not so different – she was a survivor, a vessel for the life of those long dead and yet might live again, and for that she was cursed with deathlessness, with the perspective of aeons. It satisfied her that a man who might shed light on her nature was barely as human as she was. 
The contradiction amused her, and she moved through the guests as James and Milton fought. The mosaic of sentiment aroused by their sport permeated her – thrills of passion bordering on hysteria from the ladies – vigorous athleticism provoking their yearning, and from the occasional gentleman, subdued under the shame of intolerance as they denied that which others took for granted.
She stopped in their midst as a word, a phrase, came to her above all others: ‘See how Dalton attacks the eyes to confound his foe.’ A whisper, a man’s voice, made to no-one in particular, made by anger, abstract and deadly.
He was here. Now. 
She opened her eyes and glanced about, feeling for a contemplation, for the one the Crucible called ‘In-Inferus’ – The Faceless.
‘Enough, James – I concede!’ 
Milton, flushed with effort and slick with sweat, put up his weapon, his free hand raised. The referee took his sabre while acknowledging Dalton’s superiority, the guest’s applause swelling in appreciation of his skill – an applause that extended to Hale, recognising him as a magnanimous, gallant foe. Dalton lowered his steel, mild bemusement in his eyes and flushed by his efforts as Hale took his hand and raised it in acknowledgment of his victory. ‘My God, Milton, you have improved. I thought you had the better of me more than once.’
‘Not quite, James. I may have the advantage on the battlefield, but here you hold sway.’
She had lost him, the furious intent was overwhelmed by the crowd’s appreciation. Grace had taken to the floor, clapping politely and thanking them for being such good sports, a retainer bringing them a platter of drinks. 
‘Ladies and gentlemen, a further accolade, if you please, for Mr. James Dalton and Captain Milton Hale!’ 
They applauded the two friends once more. Dalton kept his eyes low, unwilling to acknowledge his ability with a blade, while Hale smiled and accepted their acclaim with easy modesty.
She hadn’t seen him, but it didn’t matter – she had her answer. 
There was only one individual fit to rule the South London underworld, and he stood not three feet from her.

Grace moved dutifully, pausing for moments of conversation before moving on. Joanna’s return was established and Milton Hale’s presence, far from the boorishness he was known for, was a comfort. Now she had another concern, a minor revelation but one that required her attention. 
She found Eve gazing through glass doors overlooking the terrace, arms folded and lost in thought. 
‘Miss Grey?’ 
‘So formal, Lady Kendal?’
She swallowed before continuing – the girl’s poise was as disconcerting as ever. ‘Sir Stephen has brought to me a concern. Do not think me forward,’ Eve turned to her. ‘But I must express my concern for someone I consider a friend.’
‘I have neither design nor interest in Hyde White.’
Surprised and relieved, Grace continued. ‘Then why—?’ 
‘Mr. White has no interest in me or any woman with regard to romance.’
She shook her head. ‘Eve, you are new to London society so allow me a jot of wisdom in this. Hyde White, though a respected politician, is a flirt and a rake. He has manipulated many a girl and left their reputation in tatters while his own grows in the ranks of brutes and boors that pretend at civility. You would be wise to avoid him.’
‘Which girls?’
Grace frowned. ‘Well, their names elude me, but—’
‘Has he fathered any bastards? Has he paid for his indiscretions to be educated and never be seen?’
‘You do not know him—’
‘No, you do not know him, Grace,’ she came near, searching her eyes. ‘White pretends at the philandering libertine in the same manner he pretends at sincerity within parliament. He may appear the charming debaucher, it suits his purposes to do so, but it is fancy – a theatre piece to bolster his reputation.’
She stared at her, sensing the lies in her world. ‘How do you know this?’
‘Sir Stephen saw me present myself as taken with the handsome politico, exposing myself to desire under his charm and power – a flirtation he returned.’ A flash of lightning glimmered the distant hills, catching her eyes. ‘It was an effective piece.’
‘Yet that proves nothing.’
‘His eyes do not bloom with the promise of carnality, nor does his skin flush with it’s fervour. Beyond that,’ she paused, staring, ‘I simply know. He is not who he seems. Had he no audience he would have dismissed me out of hand.’
‘Then why—?’
‘Because he has a reputation to maintain. Were the knowledge of his desires, not for women but for men, to become known it would ruin him, his parliamentary enemies exposing him to blackmail and coercion. ’
Grace’s mouth was wide as she stepped back. ‘You cannot mean—?’
‘William DeCourcey, White’s private secretary. Have you not noted the attentiveness he gives his master? The flashes of jealousy, should a young woman return his care?’
Grace mirrored Eve’s thoughtful posture. ‘My, my. Mr. White plays many roles, does he not? Your judgment becomes apparent under the glass of hindsight,’ she turned to the darkening landscape beyond the windows. ‘Such knowledge is valuable and dangerous. He would take steps to keep it from becoming known.’
‘Such knowledge would be better kept silent for its own sake,’ said Eve.
Grace stared at her. 
‘White is ruthless, you are correct on that point, and he plays many roles, as do all politicos.’ Eve fell silent as a couple sauntered past, raising a glass in acknowledgement of their hostess. ‘Perhaps he has always felt constrained to do so, denied the affection others take for granted and driven to an endless deception.’
‘Some might say such an affection is entirely unnatural.’
‘Then they would have to reconcile a lack of compassion with a diversity that humanity has known from its outset.’
Grace’s face softened. ‘Miss Grey, you shame us with your courtesy. How few do I know who would make a stand against such prejudice?’
Eve turned to the window as thunder rolled among the Surrey downs. ‘As a woman striving in a society made by men, I suspect you already know the answer to that.’

Rain fell steadily, the sky ominous as earthy smells reached the guests through the terrace doors. Despite that, they were restless, constrained to the walls of the manor. Grace addressed her wards in a voice loud enough for others to hear. 
‘Ladies – evening approaches, and we are short of diversions. The atmosphere is haunting, so how shall we entertain ourselves? With a good, honest ghost-story, yes?’
Victoria feigned a sinister gaze, while Charlotte grinned. Joanna smiled weakly but nodded as other guests fell in with them, the remainder deriding the idea as ‘childish nonsense.’ 
Dalton and Hale arrived, devoid of plastrons, and shared a look. ‘What do you think? It might be enjoyable, a change of pace and a touch of frivolity, and I could certainly do with a few minutes off my feet.’
Hale was already shaking his head. ‘I’m afraid my time is up, old friend – I have an early start tomorrow. The regiment is to prepare for public duties and I have to be on parade before the men.’
Dalton stared at his friend before holding out a hand. ‘You have changed, Milton – that you have,’ pulling him close he lowered his voice. ‘And I approve. It is better than ever to be in your company.’
‘Thank you, bookworm,’ they grinned together, Hale distracted over Dalton’s shoulder. ‘I find I am more at ease in my own company.’ 
Dalton turned to see Joanna Martindale smiling back before disappearing into the drawing room, turning to his friend with an inquisitive eye. ‘Don’t say a word, James. Just because I took pleasure in teasing you, you would be a better man to say nothing in respect of Miss Martindale.’
‘Nothing would compel me to, Milton – that is your way, not mine. I am content to see my friends in good spirits once more.’
They shook hands. Hale pulled his cloak up against the rain, a steward bringing a carriage about for him and two others. ‘Take care, James – I will call on you very soon.’ Hale helped an elderly matriarch into the carriage and followed her grateful husband. Dalton raised a glass to their departure before turning to Grace’s drawing-room. 
Scorning her servants’ assistance, Grace had them move tables and placed chairs in a circle about a remaining table, a servant bringing an oil lamp and placing it in the centre. ‘Mr. Dalton, be seated – you above all have earned a rest.’ He smiled and sat beside her, her eyes rising to another. 
‘Miss Grey – our assembly is complete. Might you extinguish the sconces and close the door? An illusion of theatre?’
Eve put a hand to the candles and pinched them out without licking her fingers, the room thrown into lamplit shadows. Victoria and Charlotte sat beside one another and grinned in the half-light, a distant fork of lightning shivering the room with laughter. 
Joanna stared at the lamp flame, taut and pale. Eve eyed her as she sat, the girl returning a passive smile as Grace murmured in the dark. ‘The question remains, my friends – you are guests within my walls and yet you owe me your fealty. I will consider the debt paid with two tales of awe and dread to chill our souls on this tempestuous night.’ She eyed them in turn, some smiling, some shying under her gaze. 
Victoria broke the silence. ‘If it pleases?’ Grace held out her hand and Victoria began. ‘Once, I did hear a story of a man, tired and afraid, recounting a tale to a stranger in a distant tavern, of a man hanged for a crime of passion, though he were falsely accused.’ 
They leant forward, sharing glances as the tale unfolded.
‘This man, so unjustly accused, was taken down from his place of execution, his body hung in a gibbet, rotting and suppurating, a feast for crows before a lonely crossroads as a warning to others.’ Grace turned to Dalton who raised an eyebrow; Charlotte watched, enthralled. ‘Years passed, and one by one the confederates of the one who had wrongly accused the fellow, bearing false witness before the magistrates that sent him to his death, met grisly, evil ends.’ 
The atmosphere in the drawing room was becoming close. Joanna’s eyes were wide in the dark, her breathing shallow as her hand went to her breast, unseen as the macabre story unfolded. There was a pain in her chest and she felt herself becoming faint, when cool fingers folded about hers and squeezed. Her eyes sprang from the lamplight to the figure beside her. 
Eve kept her eyes on Victoria as she continued her tale. Joanna felt her breathing soften, the dread easing from her.
‘The man, the frightened man, recalling his tale over a pot of ale in the lonely tavern, spoke of the hanged man’s lover – his lover now, agonised by guilt and remorse, and unable to live with the shame. How she threw herself from the arches of Blackfriars Bridge into the dark, chill waters of the Thames, where her wasted body was carried forever onwards to the sea.’ 
Distant thunder reached them, heightening the doleful mood. ‘The man, hopelessly alone in the world, thanks the stranger for his kindness in listening to his uncanny tale, a burden he can never relinquish, and so rarely share.’ Victoria paused, eyeing the circle of guests as she finished. ‘The stranger replies that it is he and he alone who is obliged to the man for finally giving up the reason for his untimely death. And when naught but confusion greets his words, the stranger removes a black hat and pushes lank hair from his cadaverous face, revealing the very one who was sent to the gallows! And, driven mad with horror, the unhappy witness ran screaming and insane into the streets, fleeing forever from the terror of his own evil.’
Victoria’s eerie narrative was met with appreciation, the ladies fanning themselves while the gentlemen applauded. ‘My, my, Miss Cavendish – you have set the standard.’ Grace smiled in the dim light as Victoria blushed. ‘Who, then, would care to follow such a recital?’ Grace looked from figure to figure, their eyes falling in turn. ‘James? Surely a pioneer at the frontiers of life and death must have an anecdote?’
Dalton grinned and shook his head. ‘In that respect I fear I have been too long a man of science, for I have seen not hide nor hair of anything that would make me believe in the supernatural.’
‘Is there no-one else?’ said Grace.
The thunder rolled outside. Beyond that, the room was silent.
‘I have a tale.’
They turned as one, their eyes on the pale woman beside Joanna.
‘Miss Grey, the floor is yours.’
She said nothing, the silence growing as the thunder subsided. Only then did she begin to speak. ‘On another world, vastly remote from ours, alien and deathlike they walked. Not on two legs but four, for they were predators first, primitive and feral.’
One or two of the younger ladies passed sceptical glances about. Grace watched her intently, as did Dalton and Joanna.
‘Under a red sun they hunted to survive, for the world was parched and lacking for water, and in this they took liquid sustenance from their prey. In the form of blood.’
Those that had appeared amused or doubtful became absorbed in the haunting warmth of her voice. ‘Years gave way to aeons, and they evolved, compelled by time and circumstance to walk erect, their forelegs no longer to carry them as their claw-like talons receded into what we might call fingers, would we had the words to describe such as they. They became agile and dextrous and began to create, giving up lives of solitude perched on the axis of life and death, communing into tribes and families. And all at once, they spoke – their first words little more than grunts and groans, a hellish sound, but one that spoke in eloquence of their need to communicate, to know and to strive for so much more.’ 
She gazed into the lamplight, gleaming in her eyes. Dalton stared at her as Grace caught his glance, smiling as she continued. ‘The red sun loomed over all, casting a bloody light on the land. And never once did they perceive the skies as blue as we see them, nor the grasses green, for they dwelt in perpetual twilight, their eyes attuned to darkness. And in the darkness they found an affinity, for they never gave up their taste for blood.’ 
Joanna shivered as she listened, unable to take her eyes from Eve as she wove the tale about them. ‘Millennia passed millennia and tribes became civilisations, bound by the darkness. They revered death, for they did not understand it, but it spurred them on, against the inevitable – to design and create beautiful and terrible arts and machineries, that in time allowed them to question their place in their world, in the vastness of the eternal night.’ Her gaze wandered from the lamplight and the listeners avoided her eyes – falling on Dalton, who stiffened under the weight of her stare. ‘They became strong in science. And an appalling truth was revealed.’ 
A quiet moan resounded beneath the cold hearth, a foreboding breath of wind, the assembly craning forward to hear more. 
‘They were, all of them, doomed.’
Grace hissed for quiet as someone gasped. Eve’s eyes returned to the lamplight. ‘The red sun was dying. And in its death throes it grew – swelling and bloated, imperceptibly, over vast time – while the waters that flowed upon the land or sunk in underground darknesses were lost to a vapour under its baleful glare. They could not escape, for the gravity of their world held them as tightly as a jealous lover, loath to free the one they desire most. The force that bestowed strength, that steeled their bones and put iron in sinews, would not allow them release. So they retreated, underground or into great cities of glass and steel, sparing them the sun’s ferocity and bringing them time – time to conspire, and to craft, and design.
Lightning lit the trees with a sudden fury and some of the younger ladies shrieked, yet still they gazed at Eve. 
‘In desperation, for their time was short and nothing could halt their destruction, the Seven were born. Seven bearers, carrying the essence and machinery of their life – so humble, requiring little to survive and escape the cruel embrace of their world – were released into the firmament, to travel among the stars, until they might chance upon a new world, an opportunity to begin afresh.’ 
Dalton’s hands were aching and he realised he was gripping the wood of his chair. 
‘One by one, they failed. Their lights were extinguished, whether by misfortune or in want of their new Eden, they were lost. And on the world they left, those who created them, died – crying out in pain and terror, aloft and alone – immolated by the red sun that scorched their earth to a haze, a mist that joined the star in it’s dying.’ 
Joanna was holding her breath, bound by the tale. 
‘And yet, hope was kindled. The last of the bearers survived. It found it’s new Eden. Against all hope it arrived at a world, unique and yet not at all dissimilar to its own. At the end of its life it fell upon an island in the north of the world and shattered the very earth with its fall.’ 
But for her voice, the room was deathly quiet. 
‘A young farm girl, inquisitive and foolishly unafraid, lured by the explosion, approaches in the dead of night. The red glow of the bearer, an orb that survived the hostilities of millennia in the gulfs of the interstellar night, drawing her on – drawing her near.’ Joanna swallowed, as did Dalton. ‘In her fatal curiosity she comes close. She stretches out her hand, and touches the bearer.’ 
Silence filled the room – no sound of thunder nor sigh of wind as they waited for her to speak. ‘In that moment, two world’s collide in an incandescence of light and sound. Those that were dead are given life – at the very last, despair gives way to hope as her form absorbs the essence of their spirit and energy. And a young farmer’s daughter, raised in the north of England nearly a thousand years ago, is set free with eternal life, with the strength of ten men. And with a taste for blood.’
No-one spoke. Not a breath passed their lips. They were held fast, bewitched by her tale. 
Thunder rolled beyond the horizon. Charlotte’s voice was a whisper. ‘Who was she?’
Eve turned her eyes on her, holding her gaze. ‘You know who she was. You know who she is now.’
Charlotte stared, her eyes growing wide as understanding brought home the horror of her words, and she sat back with a gasp. 
As did they all, animated in nervous relief, in quiet laughter, and then applause, louder – growing in appreciation of the inventive, macabre tale, so compelling in the aura of the distant storm.
‘Well then, I believe we might have some lights once more – James, if you please?’ Grace had spoken, the tension easing as Dalton stood and touched a spill to the lamp, setting about lighting the sconces and bringing cheer to the room.
Charlotte still sat with her hand at her mouth, staring at Eve, who placed a reassuring hand on her arm. ‘Be at ease, dear Charlotte. It is a simple story, an eerie fable suitable for the evening’s entertainment, nothing more.’ 
She came to her feet, accepting a glass of wine from Grace, who congratulated her on her grim tale.
Joanna stared at Eve while Dalton stood against the wall, the spill burning low as he too gazed at her, an uneasy look on both their faces.



Chapter 30



In the quiet solitude of sleep, the dreams would come.
Though the dreams were not her own.

The world burned under the red sun.
Elements born in the fires of fusion far outweighed the primordial matter; complexity drove the sun’s searing face deep into its domain. 
Lakes and rivers had boiled into the world’s blistered skies and become lost to the beyond. Life existed in scarcity near the surface; those adapted to the hypogean, in caves and meagre aquifers at the poles, and then only modestly. Surface life, exposed and defenceless, was condemned to a scorching death.
They sheltered in subterranean communities, or beneath domes of polarised glass – cathedrals of the living, monuments to their intellect – and pondered their existence. The world’s gravity, the wellspring that gave strength to sinew and hardened bone, had become the architecture of their fate. It curtailed exploration of the void – ground-based instruments and diminutive probes the only means of investigating the space beyond the cruel, red skies.
Plans had been made, from the moment they had come to know their days were numbered, proposals had been mooted, discussed, agreed upon and demonstrated.
All had failed. 
Time passed. Sciences progressed and their art in technology with them. Hope sprang again and again and was found wanting. Regardless, progress was made. 
Time ran out.
Much of their number had perished through famine or disease as resources became scarce and prioritised towards those who pursued more and more elusive attempts at their persistence.
She awaited the arrival of her mate. 
Under the refuge of darkened glass at the world’s pole, in a chamber designed for a single purpose, she stood before an instrument of light – a globe that turned and shrank to the gestures she made with long, pallid fingers. 
Beyond the glass, obscure against the luminous brilliance, the sky burned with a bloody hue, arousing an ancient desire. That the imminence of destruction could provoke such craving was not lost on her – long had she, and others like her, pondered the inevitability of their extinction. 
It had become – prosaic. 
He arrived in silence. They were the last of their kind and had dedicated themselves to one another. Lost in thought, she had nevertheless known of his appearance, tasting his scent, discerning, like her, his resignation to their fate. She did not need to look at him to know her path, her duty, but she looked nonetheless, their silvered eyes filled with memory and sorrow. 
He held out a hand towards an instrument, and a globe of light, identical to the one she caressed, appeared before him. Together, a hue was selected – an icon chosen. They regarded one another with assurance as faith vied with truth, a singular moment, holding the fate of their kind. 
Together, they broke the surface of light. 
Sheltered beneath the withered surface, cracks appeared, fissures that expanded in the parched earth and revealed fathomless siphons beneath. Seven such vents were revealed. A distant hum, discordant and relentless, built in intensity, and tremors, rippling throughout the chamber, were felt as the bearers revealed themselves.
They came together at the moment of emission, their hands finding each others as the bearers left the earth. Where life had once begun, life – the seeds and ciphers of their life – was set free to cite new birthplaces. 
They receded quickly, the last of the resources that could lift them so, extinguished in a pinnacle of fire, rendering them as distant stars. 
It was done.
She turned to him, eyes wide with hope and fear and acceptance, and he stared at her. They embraced, the poignancy of the moment overwhelming in its swell of sentimental ruin.
They desired each other as never before.
She extended her needle-sharp teeth to his throat and waited for the cells of his skin, evolved to endure jarring impacts under the intense gravity, to re-align at their touch, resistance giving way to submission.
A solitary drop of blood welled in her mouth. 
Intimacy. 
It was enough. 
It was all they had.
A sharing of life that would be lost forever.
The world burned under the red sun.



Chapter 31



Once again, Hooke stood before the doorway of St Saviour’s and examined his pocket-watch by the light of a cigar, drawing deeply and letting the smoke leave his mouth. 
Casting the stub aside he entered the church – no chorale sang this night, no gentle voices to soften the bleakness of his meeting, and his unease grew with the tapping of his boot-heels, echoing beneath the vault of arcing buttresses. Candles flickered in iron prickets, casting light and shadow on rows of pews under stained-glass windows.
All but one. 
Again, he found himself wedging along the wooden seat, burdened with prayer-cushions, and sat beside the cloaked figure. Glad of the pistol nestling in his jacket he waited for him to speak. 
It wasn’t long in coming. ‘Jacob. Your presence enlivens St Saviour’s once more. How are you, my boy?’
Hooke’s face soured at the informality. ‘Well enough.’
‘Splendid. I hear you employed a new fellow, a cracksman by the name of Leary, to retrieve Sir Stephen’s plea to parliament?’
‘That I did.’
‘A job well done?’
‘So I am told.’
‘Excellent. We must encourage young Fleet still further in the service of the Crucible.’
Hooke watched the shadows. ‘He was constrained by a debt of honour to me. It is paid. He has no taste for our work.’
Silence followed. He could feel the displeasure of his benefactor and once more felt compelled to act. If he were set upon he would take this bastard to the grave with him. 
‘Perhaps his debt is not as well-paid as you believe, Jacob.’ 
‘What do you mean?’
The shadow turned. ‘Miss Martindale’s location.’
‘Leary was unable to find her in Southwark, suspecting she had moved north of the river.’
‘She remains in Southwark – a guest of one Evelida Grey.’
Leary had been mistaken.
Hooke’s jaw bunched beneath his beard as a suspicion grew.
Leary had lied. ‘Who is she?’
‘A friend of Grace Kendal. And of James Dalton.’
His eyes darted to the figure. ‘Dalton?’
‘The very same James Dalton whose diligence preserved so many of your former allies at Tilbury.’
Hooke stayed silent.
‘Do I find you conflicted, Jacob?’
‘Conflicted? In what?’
A soft chuckle issued forth. ‘You suspect Leary’s deceit and you feel foolish for it. You suspect James Dalton implicit in Miss Martindale’s release and Brande’s death.’ 
Hooke said nothing as his scarred fists bunched on the wood of the pew, staring balefully into the depths of the Lord’s house. 
‘Of course, it is natural to feel a sense of betrayal from one such as Leary – as you say, he has no taste for the works we perform. Not “one of us”, as it were – but James Dalton?’ The shadow let the name hang. ‘It is also natural to feel a sense of solidarity for the man who rescued your former allies.’
‘We don’t know that Dalton took Joanna Martindale from us, nor slaughtered Brande in the process.’
‘Slaughtered. Now there we can agree, for both you and I know that Brande, despite the afflictions, was a force to be reckoned with. Surely only a masterful swordsman would have the better of him?’
‘James Dalton is a fencer. Brande was killed with a knife.’
‘James Dalton is a surgeon – a master with more modest blades, you agree?’
Hooke stared as the words rooted in his mind. ‘I am not convinced.’
‘You believe it is this woman – Evelida Grey – that came to Miss Martindale’s rescue? Singlehandedly broke into the repository and skewered Brande to the floor before finding safe-passage through the rookeries and on to Newington?’ A tic formed in the corner of Hooke’s eye as the shadow continued. ‘There was talk of affection between Dalton and Miss Martindale, though I admit his modesty seemed to cut short the notion. And I have witnessed Mr. Dalton’s skill with a blade firsthand. He has a propensity to feint and distract an opponent – an inclination to strike first, and to strike for the eyes.’
‘Dalton is an unassuming man – I see nothing of the brashness required to take such action.’
‘And there I must humbly disagree, Jacob. James Dalton spends his days awash with blood, his swordplay a foil, if you will forgive the pun, to the burdens of his craft. And as for modesty? Well, that too can find a role in games of duplicity, as I know from experience.’
The wood beneath Hooke’s knuckles groaned as he released the tension. ‘So? How would you like to proceed?’
‘Leary needs to be taken. Question him. Find where his loyalties lie.’
‘Consider it done.’
‘James Dalton, too.’
‘You’ve got to be fucking joking?’ Hooke’s face snapped about, searching the darkness, finding nothing but sincerity in his benefactor’s words. 
Words bearing an awful finality as the silence returned. The shadow of the unseen sentinel loomed in the shadows, though this time Hooke cared nothing for it. Taking James Dalton, an elevated associate of the social establishment, would bring destruction to them all.
A raised hand brought stillness to the shadows, the silent form now remote. ‘A lack of discretion will always bring unwelcome attention, Jacob. Your initiative is commendable, though your passion, I daresay, will be the end of you.’ 
Hooke had an impulse to draw his weapon and put a ball in the cloaked figure’s head, though caution stilled him. Retribution wouldn’t be confined to him alone. 
‘I understand your disquiet, Jacob – it is against the nature of the Crucible and unnerves you.’
No, not a pistol-ball. He yearned to stick a blade in him – twist it, spit him on it and watch him squirm.
‘You may expect an outcry for James Dalton’s return. He will be missed at first, a break in the diligent doctor’s routine. Then he will be sought, a clamour for his return from those who regard him most highly. And finally, naught but an enigmatic mystery, to be spoken of quietly by the fraternity of physicians – a fireside diversion that flourishes from one generation to the next.’
‘Thought this through, haven’t you?’
‘I have scant alternatives, Jacob. Brande was a known associate of the Crucible – a particularly loathsome, though effective, member of our happy band. If James Dalton spoke to him before his death, we – you and I – need such wisdom before we find it levelled against us,’ the shadow drew close, bringing a stink of tallow candles that made Hooke’s flesh crawl. ‘You understand the necessity of this action, do you not, Jacob?’
Hooke stared into the blackness. ‘Aye. I do.’
‘Well, then, we have an accord.’ 
A gentleman’s agreement – the destruction of a good man for the sake of their liberty. ‘I must be about my business. Good night to you, sir.’ Hooke stood to leave, a great shadow himself, glaring into the depths of the aisle where he knew the sentinel waited.
‘And to you, Jacob. You have my thanks for attending at such short notice. As before, your payment lays within the vestry.’
‘Keep it. I will claim it should we survive this business.’
He saw the shadow nod before resuming its contemplative poise, stalking bitterly from it’s presence. Taking a cigar from his cloak, he lit it from a candle at the door and drew on its warmth. In the quiet Bermondsey backstreets, a quarter-moon lit windows and rooftops, and two figures detached themselves from a back-alley and neared him. 
‘What are we about then, chief?’ 
Dyer’s callous cheerfulness was as constant as ever. Hooke stuffed his hands into the pockets of his cloak, hunching his shoulders against a rising river fog, and paced silently towards Jacob’s Island. 
Leary could wait. He had another in mind.
‘We need to have a talk with an old friend.’



Chapter 32



South London’s day had started grim, filled with smoke and cloud. 
Dalton jammed a hat over his brow as the crunch of St Thomas’ gravel underfoot gave way to the flagstones of the Maze – the tangle of streets about the hospital grounds sprouting close-facing shop windows and town-houses – frequented by the privileged classes. Men of medicine came to seek instruments from brass workers and tinctures from pharmacists, and he carried his bag for the purpose, glad of the opportunity to stretch his legs and find somewhere to take lunch. 
Sensible, Dalton. 
He was still drinking too much.
A trio of young ladies passed by in the presence of their matriarch, and he nodded amiably, shaking his head in bemusement as he heard giggles and a rebuke from the chaperone, sparing him an approving smile of her own. Until recently, he would have blushed at their interest, mystified by it. Now, mystery was reserved for another, and it was with a hopeful step that he rounded the junction of a narrow street and made his way towards the river. 
Urgent footsteps brought his attention to a young boy, grimy with soot, rounding the corner and fixing him with desperate eyes. ‘Sir! Sir – my friend has gone under the wheels of a carriage and fights for life. Do you know if a doctor might be found?’
Dalton placed a hand on his shoulder, the boy shrinking under his touch. ‘I’m a doctor, lad – where is your friend so we might save him?’
Turning away, he avoided Dalton’s eyes. ‘This way, sir – please, follow me!’ Dalton steadied the brim of his hat, clutching his bag as he followed through the narrow alleys.
‘These streets narrow, boy. Are you sure a carriage has injured your fellow?’
‘Yes, sir – just about the next corner, he lays beneath the wheels.’
Rounding the corner, he found the lad breathing hard before a motionless cart, it’s draught horse nowhere to be seen. A solitary figure lay curled against the wheels, while two or three bystanders watched with little interest.
‘One side, please, I am a physician.’ Dalton cast his hat and medical bag alongside the stricken fellow, looking for blood, pallor and breathlessness that would suggest near-death. 
There was none. 
The uneasy feeling returned, and he placed a hand on the fellow’s face to see more. A face with a mirthless smile, eyeing him slyly. 
A click sounded behind his ear. 
‘If you wouldn’t mind standing, nice and easy please, doctor.’
Standing slowly, Dalton kept his hands low, finding himself face to face with a smirk even less sincere than the fellow’s at his feet. The muzzle of a pistol held his gaze, even as the brawny fellow who held it spoke. ‘Sorry to have you out under false pretences, doctor, but you have an appointment with a certain gentleman.’
Dalton swallowed. ‘What gentleman?’
‘I think you already know.’
He saw into the bore of the pistol, an unending blackness that filled his mind. 
The fear had gone, replaced by a familiar darkness that heralded contest, he and the fellow wielding it becoming the centre of his world.
There was a moment, a split-second when the squat fellow twitched – his smile just a touch too self-assured – and Dalton’s hand snapped upwards, taking the pistol and reversing it, standing to one side and pointing it at his face.
The man’s hands went up in amazement. ‘You wouldn’t murder an unarmed man, take a life in cold blood, would you, doctor?’
The darkness lifted, a veil that revealed his oath. 
First, do no harm.
He breathed deeply. And raised the pistol skyward, the crack of the shot thunderous in the narrow alley.
‘Fire!’ Dalton shouted at the top of his voice, returning the fellow’s smile – a gleam of admiration in his eye as Dalton cast the spent weapon aside. Residents and bystanders heard the commotion and started to approach. 
His safety assured he folded his arms with a quizzical eye of his own. 
The fellow under the cart, he became dimly aware, was no longer there. ‘Now, this gentleman. Who—’
His world exploded in a bloom of white light as he was struck from behind, before fading into darkness.



Chapter 33



‘Another life lost in senseless waste.’
Fleet knelt in darkness at the corner of Hickman’s Folly, watching the tavern he called home when he wasn’t staying over the brothel. The Royal Oak was a haunt of naval types, it’s own trade in whores growing as the night wore on, and for the last hour patrons had come and gone until none remained. He’d watched one particularly rowdy fellow stagger from the doors and hurl a tirade of abuse at the doxies for ‘services not rendered,’ or so it sounded. Shuffling through the dirty street, the drunk had aimed a kick at a scrawny pigeon, depositing his fat arse into the filth as he did so and sending the lifeless bird into the gutter, its former fellows eyeing it with interest. His anger spent, the fellow staggered to his feet, puffing and blowing and lurching out of sight, leaving the street in silence.
He yawned in the darkness. It had been a long day and he was aching to be in a soft bed – even a rough bed with an occasional louse for company would suit him – and he peered about a corner of brick and tattered bills, seeing nothing in the narrow streets but the occasional figure making their way home. A quick breath, and he pulled his hood over his head, shouldered his sling bag and jogged over the street to the tavern. Opening the taproom door, he squinted within – the tavern-keep carried mugs and plates towards the kitchen, and he moved inside, closing the door and moving quietly to the room he kept – a convenient escape-route to the wharves. 
The door opened into a deeper dark, and he went in. The scent of cheap perfume surprised him, though not by much. It wasn’t unknown for the doxies to use the room when he was elsewhere. Hopefully, they’d left the bed in decent order and not too stained. He drew thin curtains across the single window, taking flint and steel from his bag to set flame to a candle stub standing in a saucer of melted wax. It might have been a meagre light but the flame cheered him, drawing the hood from his face and flinging it across a chest of drawers.
‘Might I trouble you for a light, Mr. Leary?’
He spun, pressing his back to the other door – the one leading to the wharves – and found the bolt, his heart hammering as his eyes made out the figure in front of him.
Georgina sprawled in a wicker chair, legs crossed before her and holding a thin cigar between her fingers ‘Only I miss the taste while Jacob is away,’ she made a distracted gesture. ‘Men – slaves to their passions, do you see?’
A moment’s relief eased the hammering in his chest. Hooke’s witch was alone, that was something – but another fear filled him as he lifted the candle. A motionless figure lay on the bed, a trail of drying blood running from the fellow’s mouth over a pallid face, ghastly white in the half-light. ‘I don’t believe you’ve been introduced,’ Georgina stood and came near, placing a hand on Fleet’s shoulder and making his flesh crawl. ‘Allow me to introduce Mr. James Dalton – fellow of the Royal Society, surgeon, anatomist, blah, blah, blah . . .’
Fleet could see the man had been worked over, most likely by one of Hooke’s animals, but still drew breath. That wasn’t the point, though – this was a demonstration. No matter how mean or how noble, no-one was safe from the Crucible.
Georgina bent to the candle flame and drew on the cigar as it took light, throwing back her head and breathing smoke. ‘Not unwelcome – would you care for a puff, Mr. Leary?’ 
Fleet backed away, feeling the wharfside door behind him and sliding the bolt free. ‘Sure, I’ve never thought those things favourable to one’s health, Mrs. Hooke.’
Georgina laughed, taking another draw on the tobacco. ‘Such an accomplished thief, and yet you know so little of vice, Michael.’
Too confident – Georgina wasn’t alone. He pushed backwards, shoving the door that led to freedom – a moment and he would be sprinting for the West India Docks, and a merchantman to wherever.
‘Leaving already, Leary?’ 
Jacob Hooke loomed out of the darkness.
Fleet swallowed, then shrugged, lifting his hands and letting them fall. ‘Not at all, sir, just the smoke – never been too keen. Thought I’d let in a little fresh air.’ The wharfside stank, and he grimaced.
‘We must all endure a little unpleasantness from time to time.’ Hooke fixed him with an emotionless stare, forcing the cracksman back as he entered. ‘I have two questions for you, Leary, why did you lie regarding the location of Joanna Martindale?’ Fleet felt Hooke’s woman behind, placing her arms seductively about his neck. ‘And what did you hope to gain?’
He could feel Georgina’s long hair about his neck and tried not to gag. Hooke stared at him with the concern of an undertaker measuring a corpse. ‘If you have no objection, sir, I have nothing to gain by dishonesty beyond my own thieving, and therefore naught but your ire to gain through deceit,’ he hoped his voice sounded more assured than he felt. ‘As for Miss Martindale’s location – Southwark’s expanse made her location impossible, and I was set to questioning very obscurely those who might have seen her. Any lie that passed my lips was done so unknowingly, and I beg your pardon on behalf of those untrustworthy souls who deceived you through me.’
Hooke was still – the air in the room thunderous. Fleet could feel sweat trickle from his brow as Hooke lit a cigar of his own. ‘I said you had only to ask for the opium regarding your hurts, Mr. Leary. To impose on my good nature a second time was foolish.’
His legs were failing him – every hurt, every injury he’d suffered returned twofold, and he sagged in Georgina’s grasp as Jacob Hooke drew an iron marlinspike from his cloak.
‘Now, just wait, sir – wait,’ Fleet’s hands came up as he fought for time, an idea – anything that would present an opportunity for escape.
‘I’ve asked too much of you, Leary, I know that,’ Hooke’s voice was tinged with regret as he ground the cigar beneath his boot. ‘You should know, this is not my idea.’
‘But a good one, nonetheless?’ said Georgina, and she giggled as she moved aside, closing the door to the street and sliding the bolt home. Hooke drew near, his knuckles whitening on the shaft of the marlinspike.
‘I think I might see a problem—’ Fleet tried to speak.
For once, he was lost for words.



Chapter 34



‘Mr. Benson, is it not?’
In the absence of sunlight she had donned hat and gloves and walked to St Thomas’, enduring the novelty of being out in daylight, however clouded. The steward, Kelly, had tried to find Dalton, eventually passing on the burden to his aide. 
‘It is. And you must be Miss Grey. Mr. Dalton has described you in enthusiastic manner, and I have to say, he falls short in his praise.’
She lowered her eyes, showing her teeth. ‘Mr. Dalton is self-effacing in all things, though you are very kind.’ His eyes were distracted and she could taste his disquiet. ‘Is Mr. Dalton in residence?’
Benson licked his lips. ‘I’m afraid not. He left a message stating his intention to call on Captain Hale at Knightsbridge yesterday.’
‘But not yet returned?’
‘It is quite unusual. He is to give an instruction this evening and invariably starts his preparations early.’
‘An aberration? They are more brothers than friends.’
Benson thought on her words. ‘Regardless, the hour is late and he is always punctual.’
He would not be comforted, and she felt her unease match his. Turning to gaze beyond the grounds, she looked – not to the west where Knightsbridge lay, but to the east where her most recent adversaries were – where James had unwittingly made enemies.
A decision was made. The skies were dark, though to her, the hour was early, dulling her senses. Venturing heedless into the lair of the Crucible risked overlooking something – or someone. 
‘Thank you, Mr. Benson. Should Mr. Dalton return please tell him I called upon him.’
‘I will. And thank you for your concern.’
The business in parliament suggested an insidious agent. Pulling down the brim of her hat, she shielded her eyes as she came to the network of narrow highways called The Maze, following the river into Bermondsey and the east. Towards Jacob’s Island.
She needed an ally, sympathetic to her purpose. 
Fleet.

‘Help you, Miss?’
Well-intentioned fellows offered assistance as she passed them by, and she sought the nuances that would lead her pursuit, though it was obvious their interest lay in her rather than her purpose. Southwark’s avenues gave way to Bermondsey’s old brick buildings, and she turned to the river, to the Pool of London – the stretch of water where ships from the West Indies would displace cargoes, where less virtuous characters could exploit the confusion of noise and manpower to their own aims. Ideal for a rogue such as Fleet. 
Nearing the wharves, ships and lateens stirred at anchor, loaded and unloaded by a miscellany of stevedores from obscure lands. Though not at all obscure to her. 
A Turk, stripped to the waist, rolled barrels of almonds from wharf to warehouse, grinning at his mate as he spoke of her pale skin. She replied in his tongue that she had seen enough of the sun to last a dozen lifetimes, and he halted, amazed, to gape at her. Another, a huge Prussian, dragged slippery cordage from the water’s edge, and spoke of her beauty. Thanking him in Low Saxon saw him agog, and she moved to a dockside inn as rough-hewn but deferent fellows nodded politely, even as they ogled her.
The inn was brick and beam, stuccoed with plaster that had aged and fallen from the walls and been re-applied time and time again. She had known it before, before the fire of 1676, and it’s renewal – a place of bear-baiting and cock-fighting, of sullen drunks and ageing whores. Entering by the taproom’s oak door, the gloom was punctuated by lamps and candles, bringing her clarity, freshening her senses. A dozen pairs of eyes were on her and she pulled her hat free, letting her hair fall. 
She didn’t belong – and yet she was suddenly very welcome.
The stink of sweat befuddled her mind – she closed her eyes, sifting the air for something familiar. A big man came near, pint in hand that overflowed with ale. ‘You’re a little far from home, I would venture, Miss.’
His tone was respectful and she opened her eyes with a shy smile. ‘That I am. And yet I find myself in agreeable company.’
He eyed her, and she saw he was strong in mind and body, shrewd but without malice. ‘A woman of noble rank, gentle and alone, would do well to avoid a place such as this. The patrons can be restless.’
She liked him immediately. ‘Far be it from me to avoid a gentleman’s advice. I will not remain but I wonder, might you help me in locating a man of importance?’
‘Important to who?’
She grinned. ‘That remains to be seen. An Irishman – he goes by the name, “Fleet.”’
A moment passed before he replied. ‘I’m sorry, Miss, but I’m afraid I don’t know him.’
He tried to feign indifference but the lie was apparent, his pupils blooming in the dim light. She heard his heartbeat rising as he took a sip from his tankard. ‘Then I am mistaken, for I heard tell of him coming this way only recently,’ holding his gaze, she came nearer – a good man, constrained by fear – and she saw his desire to do more as he turned away. ‘If you do not know him . . ?’
He turned before his crew. ‘I hear he might be found at the Royal Oak.’

The Royal Oak lay halfway between the Pool of London and Jacob’s Island, a haunt of navigators whose ranks were swollen by migrants from the banks of the Liffey – Dublin’s industrious waterway. A rough haunt for rough men. 
Despite that, they drank in quiet respect of the woman in their midst. 
Georgina sat in solitude, a corner of the tavern’s taproom to herself as she drank from a crystal glass – wholly out of place within the naval haunt. The wine calmed her – calmed her desire, bringing a pleasurable warmth as she smiled in the candlelight. Darkness had fallen over London and she gazed through a grimy window to the river’s south bank. Dockside workers were busy unloading the ships, straining against hawsers, creaking as the waters flowed about long hulls crowding the riverbank. There would be extra coin for those hardy souls that would unload the merchantmen before midnight. Lamps and flares had been lit to aid their task, throwing light and shadow on the wharves as they rolled barrels and casks onto waiting carts.
She watched them strain at their labours and a thrill of pleasure shivered her. Their efforts put their faces in mimicry of pain – of torment. To her, their curses were the cries of suffering, and her eyes closed as the sounds of tortured flesh and breaking bone made her smile and giggle.
Those enjoying a quiet pint caught each other’s eyes. The pretty young lass unnerved them, where very little unnerved them. Most were hardened by a life at sea, many in shipboard actions between Britain and her enemies, and yet the presence of the gleeful redhead stopped their drinking, made their conversations edgy. They knew the reason for her good cheer, knew why she kept a far-off smile on her freckled face and sought to keep away from her attention. A woman in a naval tavern was never a good thing, and this one especially so. Though not a single fellow, regardless of his rank or battle experience, would dare suggest such a thing.
They returned to their ale, keeping their voices low as the tavern door opened, letting in wharfside air.
Another woman entered.
And this one gave them even more pause.

She was tall – taller than Hooke’s woman – and strikingly pale, sable hair falling about her face. Standing uncannily still and with a curious incline to her head, she looked as though she were listening intently.
Georgina smiled. The men were becoming lively, woken to her appeal. She was beautiful, unknown to them and the one that held the wharves beneath his scarred fist. One fellow drained his tankard, smeared ale from his face, and came near. The pale woman’s eyes fell on Georgina. A smile, almost of recognition, was returned as she raised her glass. 
The man saw the gesture, saw who made it, and returned to the taproom bar, a quick glance to ensure he wasn’t seen. 
Accepting the invitation, she sat opposite Georgina. ‘Now why would such a handsome woman enter a hovel like this?’ 
Her blue eyes gleamed in the lamplight. ‘We both have our reasons.’
Georgina raised her hand for another glass. ‘That we do. However, this hostelry has a reputation, and I am fortunate that I am protected by a greater reputation.’
‘You require protection.’
‘And you do not?’ 
She didn’t answer. Georgina licked her lips, avoiding her remorseless gaze as the tavern-keep filled her glass. ‘Then might I ask what you are doing here?’
 ‘I am looking for someone.’
‘A name?’
‘Fleet.’
Georgina felt her pleasure surge. She would see the woman’s disturbing poise crumble. ‘You are close, then? You and this Fleet?’
‘He is a man who has his uses. I require a service.’
Georgina felt a pang of disappointment, but then she might not be telling the whole truth. She raised her jaw with a languid smirk. ‘I can take you to him, if that is your wish?’
‘I would be obliged.’
Georgina stood and extended her hand. ‘Come – your search is over.’ 
She followed Georgina’s neck to the stones in the rings adorning her fingers, and placed her hand in hers, the cold, smooth skin bringing a smile as she stood and let herself be guided to the rear of the tavern. Their passage was made easy as others made way for them, the tavern-keep risking a nervous glance as the two women came to a locked and bolted door. ‘Fleet lies within.’ Georgina’s eyes were bright as she presented a key to the woman. 
She breathed deeply, and sighed. ‘If you would be so kind.’
Georgina grinned with her tongue between her teeth and placed the key in the lock, turning it and sliding the bolt home. 
Still she waited, gazing at Georgina.
‘Why do you delay? Go on, Fleet lays within. Look!’

She pushed the door open and stepped inside, knowing what she would find. The smell of blood was overwhelming – an aura of imminent death that brought only remorse. 
Fleet lay on the stone floor, broken and dying. 
She stepped closer, knowing his suffering. His legs were broken, as were his ribs – a lung punctured under remorseless blows, filling with blood and hastening his end. His face was split and bleeding, an eye swollen shut and an arm twisted so grotesquely that he clutched it, pitifully. His flesh crawled with sweat in ghostly dullness.
‘Are you satisfied?’ Georgina watched her, searching her pain. 
‘I would like a moment alone.’
Georgina’s smile slipped. ‘You know who I am?’
‘I know who you are.’
‘Well, then?’
‘I have known you all my life.’
Georgina stared back in irritation, a quick shake of her head and a chuckle. ‘You may have your moment, but be quick – the anatomists will have him soon enough.’ She pushed through the door and slammed it, turning the key and sliding the bolt home.
Silence filled the room, punctuated by fitful breathing and Fleet’s heartbeat, echoing towards its final failing. She came to her knees and touched his face with her fingertips, a shudder as he curled away. 
‘Fleet?’
He gave no sign of having heard, but then for him, company was neither expected nor welcome. Staying alive a moment longer was all.
‘Michael?’
A flicker of recognition as his eyes came open, turning to see better. ‘You?’
‘Me.’ She smiled at him, mustering her warmth, laying beside him on the dusty floor. Placing a slender arm beneath his neck, she allowed him some tenderness as her fingers touched his jaw, filling his sight with her eyes. 
‘Hooke did this. For helping Joanna.’
‘I know.’
‘I had no choice.’
‘I know that too.’
He smiled, and it cost him in a harder pain. ‘It has killed me.’
‘There was no other way. You are a gentleman – a perfect gentleman. Your courage and virtue would not be denied.’
‘My virtue? I am a thief.’
‘No longer.’
His eyes shut tight and she tasted his pain as he made himself small beneath it, her hands soothing as her lips came to his forehead. 
‘Don’t let the anatomists have me.’
‘They cannot.’
‘They have one in their power.’
‘Tell me.’
‘James Dalton.’
She stared at him, caressing his agonies away, even as she judged his end. ‘Where have they taken him?’
‘They use a tavern in Jacob’s Island – the Draught Horse.’
 ‘Your courage will give him his life.’
He grinned and shivered away a wave of nausea, coughing up blood and tears. ‘Don’t leave me.’
She kissed his forehead, placing her hands aside his face. ‘I would never leave you, Fleet.’ She kissed his cheek. ‘Close your eyes.’ He shut his eyes as she spoke in a soothing warmth. ‘See the banks of the Liffey in the summer sun, Fleet? The light glimmering from the water’s crests?’ He smiled as her lips whispered beside his ear. ‘See the merchantmen returning from the world’s edge, bringing them home?’ 
Her lips found his neck and he relaxed in her arms. ‘Your home, Fleet – your home.’
She flexed the palatine muscles in her throat, extending her fangs.
‘You’re home.’

Fleet lay on the floor of the tavern’s back room – no longer in pain but still. His eyes were open, her words gifting him a final sight of home as she bled him. 
His blood sang within her, a brilliance of hope and spirit over her mourning. 
Another wasted life.
He would not go to the anatomists, that much was certain. His body, savagely broken, would be a death-sentence to whoever presented it, an obvious murder that would expose the gang-men to fatal scrutiny. Georgina had lied, not to her but to him – a last act of cruelty that most would find sickening.
She was merely disappointed. 
She turned to the wooden door and it splintered under her hands, letting her into the taproom. The tavern-keep staring at her in sudden surprise. ‘Hey, missy! You’re to remain here until Mrs. Hooke comes back.’
She eyed him until he wilted under her stare, turning to gaze at those who remained – unwilling to intrude. Squatting, she grasped the hem of her dress and watched the glassy-eyed drinkers as she stood, tearing the satin from her feet to her knees before smiling at the astonished tavern-keep. ‘My regards to Mrs. Hooke, sir, but I have a prior engagement.’ He closed his mouth and managed a nod as she pulled open the oak door and let in the river-smell. ‘I am sure she will understand, for I know her of old.’
With that, she was gone.

The moon was already risen, a silver crescent behind thin clouds. The streets passed by – brickwork and iron, old wood and stone – as did the final few souls left on the streets returning from a day’s labour, making their way home. The streets passed by faster still for those with purpose. 
None more so than her.
Pavement and cobbles, covered in grease and coal-dust, horse shit and litter, flew beneath feet that barely touched them. The night was alive in her – a hundred thousand souls in her mind, the moonlight bright on her pale skin as her hair and satin trailed in shadow. 
Fleet’s blood burned to a new life within her, a final entreaty for an existence that would soon be gone. She heard his voice fading as she ran, feeling his strength and spirit, lending her a swiftness that she had not known – not for centuries. She passed a group of watermen, heads down and hands stuffed into cloaks, feeling their shock at the quick shadow of her passing – too swift to hear their surprised curses as they faded in the night. Turning a corner she slipped on greasy cobbles and let herself slide headlong into an iron lamppost – caught it – and hurled herself in a high arc over a carter and horse that blew and whinnied at the noise of her passing, flying above it’s head to land, running once more to her goal. 
She could smell the Neckinger – the foul moat that surrounded the rookery and spilled its filth into the Thames – and quickened her pace, trying to keep Leary’s anguished voice alive in her mind a moment longer, using his vigour and savouring it. 
Two souls, sentinels of the Crucible, stood watch at the threshold of Folly Ditch bridge, their tension evident in their stance and heartbeats. If she were seen the entire rookery would be alerted to her presence, such was Hooke’s grasp. It would be the work of moments to silence them. 
Thus she spared them – death weighed heavily on others, only lightly on her. It was only right after all, and she quickened her pace, vaulting the foetid waters and savouring their confusion as her fluttering shadow was explained away as a seabird or owl taking wing in the moonlight.
Her feet struck a wooden gallery, scummed with filth – a rotting architecture growing out of the shallows – and she crouched in the dark, closing her eyes as her breathing calmed. She could taste the sentinels’ vigilance subsiding. A moment later, she was climbing, scaling the crumbling brickwork, her fingers clawing into old mortar and window-frames. Jumping a sprung and splintered fence saw her standing at the corner of a dark street, cramped tenements rising high above.
‘Hi, there! Where do you go, missy?’
He was tall, heavy – a suspicion in his eyes as a hand felt for a cudgel, hanging at his belt, and her smile lit the darkness. ‘Good sir, I find myself lost in strange parts. Might you direct me to the Draught Horse tavern?’
Coming near, his eyes roved over body and torn satin, back to her coy smile as she felt his curiosity give way to desire. ‘Along that street a way,’ nodding behind, he came closer still. ‘Why do you wish to be there at this hour?’
‘My presence is desired.’ 
She drew his suspicion, feeling him relax. His blood was rising as she smiled back. ‘I am obliged by your generosity, sir.’
‘Always happy to help along a pretty lass.’
‘Perhaps a return? For your kindness?’
He grunted, moving a tendril of hair from her eyes as her smile deepened, and he paused before lowering his unshaven face to hers, his mouth to her lips – a moment’s surprise at the chill of her touch – before kissing her roughly. He grasped her without tenderness, tasting of stale beer, and she lamented the lack of gentleness that would be committed to poor lasses and unlucky whores. Mauling her while the kiss deepened, his arousal was obvious as he pressed himself against her, and she placed her hand at the nape of his neck, securing their embrace. 
Her free hand moved over his chest to his throat, finding the heartbeat.
Again, he grunted his approval as her thumb and forefinger massaged him. He squeezed her flesh through the torn satin as she deepened her touch. He was sucking in air through his nose as she pushed harder with her fingers.
‘Wait—’
The word was muffled by her cold mouth.
His hands no longer molested her but tried to push her away. Still she held him, crushing his lips to hers as she stopped the vessels in his throat. Stopping his blood.
Panic took him and he flailed at her, beating with his fists and pushing with his feet – madly, now – slipping in the street’s filth, staring wildly in the moonlight and reaching for the cudgel that hung from his belt. The weapon slid from the leather loop that held it and he raised it to bring it down on her. 
But his fingers wouldn’t answer. Unable to grip its haft, he fumbled it, clattering to the cobbles. His eyes, wide and staring, rolled back, unfocused as her mouth left his – a sigh of false contentment from his lips as she watched him fall in her arms, denying him the blood he needed. Her fingers sealed the hammering heartbeat, touching a desire within her as her teeth shifted exquisitely behind her lips.
Limp, now – an oversize rag doll that she brought to the cold pavings, freed from her bitter touch. A tremor shivered his body, and he breathed fitfully as she willed away her desire, letting her fangs ease. 
‘Goodnight, sour prince.’
She stood watching him, listening for chance denizens of the rookery that might harm her would-be suitor and deciding he would be safe.
She owed him that much.
Turning away, she was swallowed by the night.



Chapter 35



Groaning – a far-off protest against pain and despair, and he wondered where it came from. Somehow, he managed to raise his head. 
That hurt.
His wrists ached as he pulled against them, but they wouldn’t move, bound behind him and slick with something sticky. He tried to open his eyes and the lids parted with a crackle of dried blood. It was he who murmured in pain, a pain that made him alert, a gasp filling his breast as his sight cleared. There were quiet voices near, though blood and sweat stung his eyes, and he tried to keep still. The pain was immense, worsened by movement, so he kept one eye closed and blinked in the darkness, lit by a faint oil-lamp that showed him his fate. 
He was confined to a narrow, cold cellar, where water leaked in trails of slime from stone ceiling to stone floor, a stink of sour ale and something he recognised only too well.
Blood.
The cords were tight about his wrists, binding him to a rough, wooden chair. It was his blood that made the bonds slick as they gnawed at his movements, though his wasn’t the only blood here. There was a memory, a cry for help and a pistol in his face, and his world was struck with a sickening light before his wits gave out.
‘Rise and shine, slug-a-bed.’
A harsh voice, yet genial, though despite his addled mind he would be a fool to believe there was any kindness here. A squat fellow with a smiling, brutal countenance – the one who had him under his pistol – bent over him as he squinted in the dim light. And another man, grotesquely huge, a silent monster that filled the lamplight, regarded him with impassive disdain.
Taken by the Crucible. Why, he didn’t know, but to be constrained so, in the presence of London’s most dangerous gang-men, left little doubt as to the outcome. He didn’t want to think about that – he had to retain what little composure he had left.
‘Welcome, Mr. Dalton.’
The squat fellow with the smile, and the silent giant, set themselves apart as the new voice made itself known, cigar smoke winding about a bearded, scarred face.
A memory came to him. They had met once, over seven years past, but still Dalton knew the man that gazed back. More than that, he knew the reputation that went with it. ‘I do not feel particularly welcome.’
The squat fellow’s laughter echoed in the cellar while Jacob Hooke smiled coolly. ‘You hear that, Mr. Dyer, Mr. Solomon? We should improve our hospitality.’ 
The giant simply stared.
He needed time – he would contest the strip. ‘You fellows wouldn’t have a drink, would you? I’ve a devil of a head on me.’
Dyer stifled his mirth with a hand over his mouth. ‘A drink, he says! By, this one’s got some steel, chief. Do we lend some hospitality?’
Ruddy light filled Hooke’s eyes as he drew on the cigar. ‘Your poison, Mr. Dalton?’
‘Whisky.’
‘We have rum.’
Dalton nodded, bloody sweat stinging his eyes. ‘More than acceptable.’
Dyer pulled a bottle from a rough-hewn table and offered the neck to him. Dalton set his mouth to it and swallowed a measure of spirit, the sudden warmth lending him clarity. Not that it helped – unless an opportunity presented itself he was almost certainly going to die here. 
‘Grateful to you.’
Hooke pulled up a chair and sat, the creaking suggesting it might give under him. ‘I should apologise for the manner you were brought here. There is often a resistance to our company.’
‘You should improve your reputation, Mr. Hooke.’
Dyer nudged Solomon as he spoke. ‘And I said doctors were all mercy – no sport for this.’ 
The giant glared at Dalton while Hooke watched the physician. ‘There you would be wrong, Mr. Dyer – this fellow is of a different mind, for he works to a bloodier purpose than even we. Is that not right, sir?’
‘Blood is a consequence of our trades, though I spill it unwillingly and to the benefit of others.’
‘Perhaps you do, though your regard for blood makes a different picture.’ Despite the pain, Dalton squinted at Hooke. ‘I see you, Mr. Dalton. I see your ease about the dead and dying, even as you seek to end their suffering.’
 ‘As I recall, we have met before? You were aboard the transports returned from the Flanders campaign, yes?’
Hooke drew on the cigar. ‘Aye, though only briefly. You were the first medico aboard ship, laden with wounded, both soldiers and sailors. Were it not for your skill many good men would have died that day.’
‘That was seven years past, though I recall the moment, and the ire you provoked in your officers.’
Hooke’s features soured. ‘Ire is too thin a word, sir, being flogged raw for my words on the neglect of the army, ill-equipped and without support of artillery as they faced columns of French infantry.’ The stub fell from his fingers and he ground it under his boot. ‘English fleets rule the waves, Mr. Dalton, but corruption follows complacency, from Horse Guards to politicos intent on lining their pockets. Many a good man lost his life under the carelessness of London’s ignoble nobles, though I daresay you wouldn’t know of that, safe and sound in your residency at St Thomas’.’
‘I earned my place.’ 
‘That you have – awash in blood and distant to the screams and cries of the dying.’ Hooke stood and gazed at him. ‘Never did I see one so unaffected by the miseries of war, so intent on his work that the dead and wounded meant so little, only the results.’ Leaning close, he fixed Dalton with his gaze. ‘You have a darkness in you, sir – a callousness matched only by your modesty.’
‘You are mistaken,’ said Dalton.
Hooke brought his face nearer still. ‘Is that so?’
‘I prefer the term, “dispassionate.”’
Dyer clapped his hand on Solomon’s shoulder and guffawed in the darkness while Hooke straightened. ‘There are so few innocents, so few we might find that are truly ignorant of sin. You know of what I speak and seek to drown depravity in the bettering of man’s ills, all the while relishing the prospect of more flesh under your blades, more bodies to lend you their secrets.’ He took the bottle from Dyer and took a long draught. ‘You are the best of civilised men, and yet you are as bloodthirsty as I, Mr. Dalton.’
He held his captor’s gaze, leaning as far as his bonds would allow. ‘I am sure it suits your purpose to think so, Mr. Hooke, mired in the dirt and happy to remain there, but we are not all so cynical. You see such carnality to excuse yourself – a justification for immorality, while I see it as an impetus – a desire to rise above the filth.’ 
He sat back and smiled. If he were about to die then he would make a good show of it.
Hooke stared back, considering. ‘I was flogged because I didn’t know when to keep my mouth shut, Mr. Dalton.’ A nod from his chief and Solomon grabbed a handful of Dalton’s hair, pulling his head back and driving his fist into his gut, folding him in two – unable to breathe, a thin drool falling from silently moving lips. ‘Surely you have rules regarding your hosts, Mr. Dalton? What do they call it—?’
‘Etiquette.’ Dyer spoke behind a mirthless smile.
‘Etiquette. Something we borrowed from the Frogs before making war upon them.’ 
Dalton tried to meet Hooke’s eyes, the grinding in his belly making his breathing short. 
‘Don’t think me naive, Mr. Dalton – war is an inevitability, despite the efforts of civilised men. Peace is the unnatural state of affairs, clawed together by well-meaning fellows to save a few guineas here and there against the next bout of empire-building.’ Dalton spat into the dust while he fought down his nausea. ‘Which is why I come to this.’ 
Once more, the gang-man brought his face near. ‘Both you and Sir Stephen Bachelor, your next moves against the resurrectionists – where will the axe fall?’
His reply came in gasps. ‘I have no design. The next move belongs to Sir Stephen.’
‘That, I find a difficult notion, coming from a man as decisive as you. And as ruthless.’ Dalton’s face became questioning, despite his fear. ‘You did for Brande, did you not? An impressive feat and one that marks you worthy of respect.’
‘Brande? Who is that?’
 Another nod. He felt the giant’s thick arms, bloated with muscle, constrict about his neck, stifling his breath. Dyer lifted a long-bladed bayonet, letting the weapon fill Dalton’s eyes. ‘Your expertise goes far beyond anatomist’s tools, doctor – your skill with fencing steels is well known. And this,’ he twisted the blade before Dalton’s reddening face. ‘This belonged to a fellow of mine, sheathed, as it were, rather clumsily through the back of his head.’
‘I have never laid eyes on it!’ Dalton hissed.
‘You sure about that? He were hosting a charming petticoat who went by the name of Martindale.’ Dalton’s eyes bulged further, not merely because of Solomon’s grip. ‘And I reckon someone with an interest in her wellbeing, a gentleman of chivalrous character, might have relieved Brande of her – even as he relieved him of life.’
‘I haven’t the faintest notion of what you speak.’
Hooke seated himself, lighting another cigar. ‘I am not convinced, Mr. Dalton. I have a mind to know everything, for my wellbeing depends on it. As a doctor, you must appreciate that – to do the best for those in peril?’
‘That works both ways.’
‘I am not so constrained by your ethics, Mr. Dalton. Know this – you will die tonight.’
Dalton’s face drained of colour. He had known all along that was to be his fate, yet hearing it spoken—
Hooke was still talking, though Dalton’s mind was far away, despite the pain. His friends came to mind. And his parents. 
Perhaps he might see them again, though he set so little store in an afterlife.
So much work left to do. So much to learn.
Eve.
‘Tell me the next moves the worthies of St Thomas’ have for the Resurrection Men and I promise you, the torment will end in a moment.’
He let his eyes close, making the most of what little breath he had in him. Opening his eyes found Hooke still watching him, Dyer still smirking back – a coin held between his fingers. 
‘Go to hell.’
A moment’s silence, and the briefest hint of doubt in Hooke’s gaze as Dyer’s teeth showed in the dark, pocketing the coin and holding out a hand, while Solomon offered up a crown. 
A man’s life reduced to a wager. 
The giant released him, watching the physician’s defiant gaze, even as he drew a cleaver from his belt. Dalton’s eyes came to the blade, the fear ebbing from him as he stared, transfixed, a curious bent to Dyer’s face as the physician’s composure returned.
A flash of steel, savagely quick for one so huge, and the blade parted Dalton’s shirt, a scarlet rent growing and staining the front of his linen as blood spilled from the wound. Disbelief filled his eyes as he tried to lean forward, knowing he might close the edges of the wound – and then his scream filling the confines of the cellar, as Hooke ground the burning cigar into the wound, bubbling, as the cellar filled with the stink of burnt blood.
‘Be at ease, Mr. Dalton,’ he slumped against the bonds, gasping through pain as Hooke sat back, drawing on the tobacco and savouring the aroma of boiled blood.
‘We have all night.’

McGregor heard the scream, muted through the floor of the taproom, and paused. Many times he had endured the sounds of the Crucible’s torments, the tavern’s cellar a dismal chamber where Hooke and his men brought suffering to those foolish enough to cross them. He wasn’t the only one – the few remaining drinkers made shows of regret and helplessness, their eyes drawn fleetingly to each others. 
Better him than us.
There was always one or two sick-spirited bastards who grinned at the sounds, who would laugh and nudge each other and draw their fingers across their throats, like it couldn’t happen to them. He wrung his rag out in a pail behind the bar and plunged it into water that was as fresh as could be expected in a place like this, scrubbing tables clear of ale and tallow. Any one of them could fetch up the same way, such was life for the denizens of Jacob’s Island. Best to keep busy, forget the poor suffering bastard below.
The Mill Street door swung open, a breath of wind bringing the river smell that guttered candles and lamplights, and he turned to confront the fool who thought it fair to set foot in his – in the Crucible’s – tavern at this hour.
It was easy to appreciate the silence that stilled the remaining souls, for whom life was a struggle from one day to the next. Not much charm or appeal except in the next drink, and the one after that.
Those drinks were forgotten, their words hushed. 
She stood gazing quietly about the taproom, her manner as alien as her appearance, bare of hat and gloves, and cloak – a simplicity that belied the luxurious black hair about her face, a face discordantly pale. Wearing an expensive-looking satin dress, torn from hem to thigh, she revealed a shameless display of flesh.
McGregor swore – her presence was a spark to a powder-keg. All he wanted was for Hooke and his accomplices to be done with their business and leave him to finish up for the night. Her sudden appearance brought surprise to the drink-fuddled regulars of the Draught Horse, a surprise that passed quickly, and the first of them, emboldened by drink, became curious, their faces suggesting more than simple intrigue. 
Whatever their intentions this was his place and he still had enough spirit to steer away trouble before it grew. Casting his rag aside, he approached her. ‘Miss? Would you be needing a drink?’
Her response was to close her eyes and breathe, filling her breast with the sweat-stink of the taproom. Her lithe bosom heaved alarmingly before his eyes, arousing the reckless denizens ogling her, coming to their feet.
‘Christ, Miss, this place is not for you. You should be on your way.’
Her eyes flickered open and fixed him with the barest blue gaze, her words filled with warmth. ‘Whisky, if you would be so kind.’
He shook his head but went to the bar anyway – it was his living after all, and he lifted a bottle he kept hidden behind old and cracked glassware. Rising, he found her standing with pale hands on the wood of the bar, head tilted and eyes closed as he uncorked the whisky, reaching for a clean glass.
‘Leave the bottle.’
Still her eyes remained closed as he put the bottle down. Her manner was brusque and decidedly queer, and he was running short on patience. Those drinkers who wanted to make sport of her were coming near. 
Her strangeness put him in mind of Jacob Hooke’s woman. Perhaps there was hope of avoiding trouble. ‘Miss, I wouldn’t suppose—’ 
She hurled the bottle against the oil lamp by the door, shattering both and spraying burning oil and alcohol over tables that caught further under candle-flames, dousing three or four regulars with flaming liquid – screaming in panic as the fire caught in hair and clothing. Chaos and confusion erupted – McGregor swore again, grabbing a pail of slops and another of sand, showering the burning tables with filthy water and yelling at his patrons to smother the flames with cloaks and mantles, burning figures running terrified into the street to hurl themselves into puddles, regardless of the filth.
‘Fuck’s sake!’ He was heaving breath as he and his regulars brought the fire under control, soot and sand everywhere as a reek of burnt wood and oil scoured their throats. ‘Get the doors and windows open before we choke our last.’ 
They saw the sense of his words, despite being cup-shot with ale, and his fear turned to anger, casting about for the mad bitch who had nearly reduced his tavern to ashes.
She was gone, no sight of her, and he cursed his luck – first Hooke and his shower of maniacs, now this pallid bedlamite, wherever she might be.
‘McGregor? Any chance of a pot of ale?’ 
One of his regulars, breathing hard from fighting the flames. He had an urge to clout the fool but instead relaxed, feeling the fury go out of him.
‘Aye. And I’ll be having one with you.’

She was saturated by their panic, palling the taproom like a miasma then receding from her mind as the door to the snug closed behind her. 
She faced two doors. 
Her fingertips caressed the stout oak of the first and she caught James’s scent, salted by pain and fear, and the sour odour of others – men of purpose and cruel determination. 
Men she had known all her life.
It would take time to break the door, time that James did not have, and she turned to the other, a narrow pine that opened into a dark and narrow alley, little more than a niche made by the crumbling brickwork of rows of houses. A rotting trapdoor lay beside the tavern wall, set in broken flagstones and padlocked against intruders. She came to it, crouching and folding her hand about the rusting padlock. It twisted off neatly under her grasp – no squeal of tortured metal, the pocked and rusting hasp bending free of the body – and she pulled it from the loop holding the trapdoor in place.
The hinges moved freely, and she lifted the lip of the trapdoor, peering into the Draught Horse’s cellar, where casks of ale were sent from the riverside wharves.
He lay below, tied and bound, bowed with pain and resolved to his fate. She could taste his spirit, even in the chilling stench of the alley. Lifting his head, he stared at her, blinking through the pain, and she smiled fondly.
Even to the last he kept his dignity.

‘I don’t reckon he knows any more than he’s told us, chief.’ Dyer spoke as he, Hooke and Solomon conferred about the table. ‘I’ve seen harder men break for less – usually they at least give you a clue. This one’s mind seems elsewhere.’
Dalton could hear their murmuring and though it was impossible to know of what they spoke he didn’t believe it was anything to do with his release. He was shot-through with pain – cut by Solomon, cuts lining his chest and back, and burnt by Hooke, in spite of his protestations that he knew nothing of the actions against the Resurrection Men. 
He was so tired. 
The pain had dulled, exhaustion bringing a little relief, and he could feel his torn shirt clinging to his body, slick with blood and sweat. He managed gasps of stagnant air and let his head fall back, opening his eyes. They stung with tears, running from his brow, and he blinked to be free of pain, finding a patch of night in his clearing sight. It was strange to see the stars where before there were none, just a small field of black sky that allowed a mercifully cool air – and two points of soft light that blinked in the darkness – a delusion, he knew, brought on by suffering. Letting his head fall, he tried to struggle against his bonds, yet still he couldn’t loosen the hemp that bound his wrists.
Despair threatened him, yet he wouldn’t yield. Death was an inevitability, and he would face it with whatever fortitude was left to him. Perhaps his tormentors would recount the tale of the young surgeon, taken by the Crucible and defiant to the last, the words eventually finding Sir Stephen and Lady Grace, who would, in time, raise a glass to his memory and think of his friendship.
The thought brought a brief smile.
A shadow fell from above. 
A scuff sounded from the kegs behind him. Solomon frowned and narrowed his eyes, stepping out of the lamplight to stare at the casks of ale in the cellar’s corners. A rat scuttled between them, sniffed the air, and ducked back, leaving the giant satisfied.
‘You certain of this, chief?’ said Dyer. ‘Solomon could knock him cold and we might leave him to be found on the outskirts of the parish – he’ll barely know what happened. The brass state of him’ll be warning enough.’
A shadow rose in the darkness.
Hooke gazed at his lieutenant, considering. ‘I like this fellow, Dyer. He gets the job done much as we, regardless of airs and graces. Has a courage in him, too.’
‘That he does, chief. So what’s afflicting you?’
‘Nothing at all.’ 
Dyer smirked in the gloom. ‘Old “Eye-eye,” eh? Still playing the long game?’
Hooke stroked his beard as he took the hat from his scarred head and cast it on the table. ‘None of us might argue with his ideas, Dyer. I don’t like the bastard, not by a long lie, but most of us would have been dancing the Tyburn jig, were it not for him – that, or as destitute as the rest of the poor bastards out there.’
‘So he’s the one who’s decided the good doctor’s fate?’
‘That he is.’ Hooke glared at his lieutenants. ‘Let’s make this easy for him. Put him out of his misery quick.’
Solomon and Dyer met each other’s gaze and nodded.
‘That cannot be allowed to happen.’
At the quiet, insistent voice, they turned, peering into the dim light. Dalton’s gaze lifted and his mouth fell open, his agonies forgotten as his eyes went wide with horror.
Evelida Grey stood beside him, pale and composed with her familiar allure, watching the gang-men.
‘Who the fuck—?’ Hooke spoke, disbelievingly. 
Dalton felt her cold fingers lift his jaw without her eyes coming to his. This was not some dream brought on by pain and fatigue, and he sagged in his bonds. 
Why had she come here? Was it not enough that he was to about to die? Now compounded by her death at the hands of these devils?
Still he found himself shuddering at the touch of her hand, and the brightest shade of comfort with it.
‘I know you . . .’ Dyer had stepped forward, the smile no longer assured. She made no reply, merely waited. Solomon drew the heavy cleaver from his belt, stained with Dalton’s blood.
‘You’ve crossed paths?’ Hooke spoke to Dyer, who turned his head, keeping his eyes on the pale woman. 
‘Aye – she’s the one me’n Brande spiked and sent into the river. About the time as . . .’ Dyer’s voice tailed off, the smile with it.
Hooke stared at her, at the trapdoor above, and to the shadows about him. ‘What is it that brings you here, my dear?’
‘Mr. Dalton. You will release him and allow me to conduct him from this place.’
Typically, Dyer laughed, though this time without enthusiasm. Solomon merely grunted.
‘And supposing I have no mind to do so?’
‘The end will be the same – I will be obliged.’
The silence grew in the dark, her absurd certainty a bulwark to the Crucible’s savagery. Dalton watched her in despair – so dignified, yet so small before them. Hooke shook his head and lifted his hands, letting them fall. ‘Gentlemen, escort our recently arrived guest to the door in whatever manner you see fit.’ 
Dyer’s familiar grin returned as Solomon hefted his cleaver, knuckles white on the wooden shaft as they came forward. 
‘No!’ Dalton spoke, horrified at their intent. Eve, he could see, let her eyes fall, a sadness overtaking her. 
‘Please!’ He struggled against his bonds, finding a reserve of strength he hadn’t known, yet it was all for nothing.
She was as dead as he was.

The sourness bloomed in her gut, grew to a fire that lit her mind.
Still she sought restraint. 
‘Save yourselves,’ 
A whisper in the dark, a final appeal she knew would be ignored. Regardless, she would remain an impossibility – nothing more than a sweet distraction to men such as these. 
‘Run.’
They closed on her and she shut her eyes, breathing deeply – savouring their intent. Shifting its purpose.
Her eyes opened. 
Solomon’s hand reached for her.

Dalton watched, helpless, as time slowed to a crawl. 
Becoming a sudden blur.
She snatched Solomon’s blade from his grasp, turning with blinding speed and passing the edge through Dyer’s neck before leaping high and bringing the blade down in a murderous arc, burying the weapon in the giant’s head to his jaw.
Dyer’s body tumbled onto the floor, bright blood flooding from the stump of his neck, while Solomon staggered, one knee going down then another as his hand grasped clumsily before his face, trying to feel where no feeling remained, searching the rent that split his face as blood and brains spilled from the cleaver – still wedged in his jaw – before pitching forward onto the cellar floor and laying still. 
Dyer’s head, still with a surprised smile, rocked once and was motionless, staring without sight from the pool of gore that oozed from his decapitated body. 
The hot, iron-smell of blood filled the cold cellar with a steaming vapour. 
Hooke gaped at her. 
Dalton stared. She had already adopted her familiar demure posture, hands clasped before her as her torn dress coiled about her legs and was still.
The silence grew in the dark. Hooke’s eyes narrowed to slits. He showed his teeth as he drew knives, hidden at his back, one for each hand, his words a whisper. 
‘You fucking bitch.’
She said nothing, returning his stare as the ferocity drove him, his thick knuckles as white as her skin. The moment was broken – he came upon her, huge and ferocious, stabbing his blades down, one after the other. 
She met his assault with her hands – a smack of flesh on flesh as she caught first one wrist then the other, holding him – disbelieving – as he sought to free himself from her grasp, dragging at her, seething spittle from his lips as he set himself and tried to drive his blades into her.
She pulled his hands suddenly wide, letting him fall and smashing her forehead into his face, sending him reeling from her in a wild arc to crash the rough table to firewood, a trail of blood falling from him as he tumbled among the wreckage, gasping and moaning, senseless but still living.
Silence once more.
Dalton no longer felt pain, nor despair. He didn’t know what to feel.
She was looking at him.

She could no longer taste the chemistry of his blood, there was too much about for that, but she could see his pallid sheen in the darkness, hear the heartbeat, quick and strong despite his hurts. His breathing had calmed.
That was encouraging.
She lowered herself to one of Hooke’s blades and stood, turning it over, seeing it’s keenness, and she came to him.
His heartbeat increased, his breathing became short. 
She smiled to herself.
She would put an end to that.

Bemusement became fear as she approached, straining from her presence. He felt a hand on his arm and with a sudden motion he was released, his bonds cut at wrists and feet.
Moments before he believed his life was all but over. Now he was free, staring at his bloody wrists while massaging feeling into them, flexing fingers sticky with blood as he did. She knelt before him, gazing into his eyes, no worry or concern as her words returned with a familiar warmth. ‘Can you walk?’
It was so customary, so ordinary. His body was wracked with pain and his mind laboured under horrors seen and imagined, and yet she knelt before him and asked if he would accompany her, as though nothing had happened. He closed his eyes – this surely hadn’t happened. She hadn’t slaughtered two of London’s most heinous gang-men and dispatched their leader with equal ease. 
Opening his eyes, the destruction remained – hadn’t disappeared into a waking dream along with her inquisitive face – and his mind fogged with confusion. ‘You – ah, you appear to be a little underdressed.’
A smile touched her lips as she placed a slender arm over his lap and leaned on her hand. ‘Thus I am treated to patriarchal sensibilities once more. You see me dispatch these men and all you might say is that I am deficient in underwear.’ She stood, extending her hand with a tenderness that made him blush. ‘Your regard remains whole, James. Come,’ 
Bringing him to his feet saw him sag, breathless with pain and weariness. Her arm came about him and he was lifted, staggering in her embrace towards the door. Somehow the oil-lamp had survived Hooke’s fall and threw shadows on the walls, even as the gang-chief wheezed senselessly through his broken face. 
Rescuing Dalton’s medical bag from the wreckage, she took Hooke’s hat and cloak, wrapping the physician in them. ‘Your injuries make you conspicuous, and we have a way to go.’ 
Together, they took the steps one at a time. She pulled the door open, the smoke and oil smell of the fire like a summer meadow to Dalton’s mind. Turning, he caught a final sight of the destruction they left, daring to believe he had survived the Crucible’s trap, though the slaughter confirmed it.
His gaze was guided to hers, a finger at his jaw and her eyes on his, losing himself in her stare as she indicated the open doorway with a smile. ‘Chop, chop!’
He gaped at her. 
‘That is not in the least bit amusing.’
Though between her indelicacy and his suffering, he couldn’t help but return the smile.
He was free.



Chapter 36



A crackling field of stars filled his sight, fading as he swallowed bile and spat bloody sputum into the dust. Broken wood splintered under him as he rolled onto his back, the table, about which he’d spent years questioning errant members of the Crucible and other miscreants, was wrecked, smashed to firewood under his fall.
Hooke stood on legs made unsteady by the force of her assault, cracking his head after the humiliating blow, and took a broken table leg with him, passing a forearm under his nose and wiping away the blood. 
He stooped to the oil-lamp, still unbroken, turning it to throw a sickly light on the butchery, the stink of blood catching in his throat. 
Solomon and Dyer’s mutilated bodies lay in their own gore. 
James Dalton was gone – the ropes that bound him were cut, no doubt by the whore who had freed him, who had slain his men and knocked him cold.
It didn’t make any sense. Who could do that? To him – to his best?
The fury was building, his shoulders heaving as he sought to master it, knuckles whitening on the wood of the table leg, until it creaked under the strain. It would serve him ill to give in to his rage. 
He needed to think, to be calm.
Who could lay him low? How in Christ’s name had she done it?
The cellar door creaked open, the tavern’s dim light adding to the lamp’s. ‘Mr. Hooke, I thought – holy mother of God!’
McGregor.
‘Mr. Hooke, are you—?’
Leave. Begone.
‘Is their aught I might—?’
He pinched the bridge of his broken nose while turning his head back and forth, needing certainty, trying to find rhyme or reason behind the affairs outstripping him – unpicking his grip – his stranglehold on the London lawless.
‘Mr. Hooke, sir.’
He would know – In-Inferus.
‘Jesus, is that Solomon? What ha—’
McGregor slammed into the cellar wall, Hooke’s hand about his neck, lifted clear of the floor – eyes bulging as he flushed a livid puce, choking, unable to breathe. ‘No-one leaves, McGregor – do you understand me?’ 
The tavern-keep nodded as best he could as Hooke hefted the makeshift club. ‘Send word to Folly Ditch – no-one is to leave the island.’ McGregor tried to nod again, eyes closing as spittle oozed from his lips and his hands grasped Hooke’s arms as the gang-chief raised the club, a deathly calm settling over his face.
The table-leg smashed to pieces beside McGregor’s head as Hooke released him, choking and gasping as he sagged to the floor, rubbing his throat and streaming eyes.
‘Go.’ 
McGregor staggered up the steps and through the door. Hooke stared into the darkness of a cellar that had become a tomb, settling the fury he should be saving for others.
He would know. 
Had he set her on him? An assassin, come in fair disguise?
It made no sense. All was unravelling. For years, he had prepared for this moment, the possibility of discovery, of capture – time catching up with him. He might be away in moments – take the lion’s share of the Crucible’s wealth bound up in the stones he had traded, more serviceable than coin. Find his effects and take carriage to the east, or into the north of the country, and brood upon his endeavours.
Flee.
His face soured beneath his brow and he spat blood, adding to the pool between his trusted dead. The thought of flight offended him. Running was not his way.
Taking the steps, he let the broken wood fall and clatter into the darkness. He would find her, find him. They would talk. And then they would die.
Stalking into the tavern, Hooke watched the astonished denizens with a fearful eye. They rose under the weight of his stare, fear and respect compelling them to his service. He gathered them to him and spoke of pursuit.
Of murder.



Chapter 37



‘Nowhere for you to go, missy. Just leave Mr. Dalton be and you can be on your way.’
They had left the tavern via the empty snug, James staggering under his hurts into the alleyway, the night air as invigorating to him as it was her. He was tired, a burden of pain that saw him struggling to stand, let alone walk, and she had guided him to the river, avoiding the bridges where the Crucible’s sentinels stood guard. Guiding him to Horsley viaduct – an overblown title for a span of crumbling stone over a foul tunnel – she had urged him to climb, fighting his laboured body, driving him on.
Figures had risen out of the dark, calling to one another as they approached. 
He was smirking as he neared, gloating beneath a cloth cap. A high-ranking member of Hooke’s clan. Both he and the brutish figure at his side carried knives and pistols, and her mind filled with their hunger for violence. She felt two more hurrying from behind, their fervour a foil to her – a pack before prey.
James would not survive. 
If she fought them, he would be killed. If she abandoned him, he would die.
She pouted in the darkness. It was really quite irritating.
Keeping her gaze on the leader, she lowered James to the viaduct’s stone balusters and stole a glance over the edge.
Twenty feet. Twenty feet to the flagstones.
She stood and gazed at the swaggering thug nearing her – a taste of vulgar triumph and wisps of hubris. James hissed in pain as broken ribs shifted beneath his flesh, his blood flushed with spice in its drive to keep him alive.
‘Close your eyes, James.’ 
Her voice was filled with honey, a brush of her fingertips sending his agonies momentarily away, making him sink against the cold satin of her arm and bringing him upright. 
Hooke’s man lifted the pistol to his shoulder with a sigh, lowering his gaze as she made to flee. ‘Fucking women.’
James was pushed into her grasp. And then she lifted him, his body held entirely in her arms.
Hooke’s man’s mouth fell open.
She stepped onto the baluster with James in her embrace, a final glance at the thug’s disbelieving face.
And jumped.

Dalton’s dreamlike mind felt a lurch – a delusion of flight, a dream of falling slowly in that moment before waking. Shouts of shock and outrage splintered the reverie and he longed to be away from them, to heal his burned and beaten body.
Pain shattered the dream, and he cried out in a spearing agony, an awful crack bringing ideas of flesh and bone breaking. He felt himself lowered, a gnawing ache he couldn’t escape, hard voices coming from far away. 
Rolling onto his side, he tried to find somewhere – anywhere – he might know a little comfort. There was broken stone beneath him, flagstones – a path, and grass either side. Slow with pain he turned his gaze upwards – the viaduct was above him. Hadn’t he been struggling along up there not moments before? There were faces staring down over the balusters. She had let him rest against one before Hooke’s men had come forward.
Hooke’s men. On the viaduct.
He pushed himself up, passing an arm about his grinding ribs as he blinked in the half-light. She stood before him, removing her shoes one by one, inspecting them – heels broken, split beyond repair. ‘I seem to be getting through an inordinate amount of wardrobe in your company, Mr. Dalton.’ She let the ruined shoes fall and offered him a hand to his feet. Through her cold grasp she brought him upright, a splinter of pain drawing another hiss from his cracked lips. 
Her arm circled his waist and he found himself guided to Horsley Tunnel beneath the viaduct’s arches, plunging them into the darkness, the exit a distant beacon that saw him stumbling on. ‘Wait, Eve – Miss Grey. I can’t see, I can’t match this pace.’ 
‘You must make haste, James. We are in danger.’
He made it his design, his purpose. If he might just raise the tunnel’s exit then he would rest and take a moment’s comfort, what followed could wait. It was not far now. Once they had returned to St Thomas’ he would have her help minister his wounds. 
Not far.
Oh. Damn.
The tunnel, a haven from those who hounded them, had become a trap. Shadowy figures filled the exit, the beacon a lure that condemned them. His head sank while his legs threatened to fail him, feeling himself lowered once more, only this time to a carpet of moss and earth. 
Perhaps it would be quick. Perhaps that was all he could hope for.
His body drew a painful breath as harsh words were exchanged.
 
‘Step away, Miss.’
‘No.’
‘Step back or we will force you to.’
One carried a pistol while the others bore knives. Two more neared from behind, carrying short-swords. 
They were disadvantaged by the darkness.
Very well.

A void of silence, a moment’s calm. 
Dalton heard snarls of rage and fury. And then fear and disbelief – a mounting terror made worse by the gloom as shapes whirled in the dark, grunts and cries, and the noise of broken flesh. He tried to stand, needed to help – she faced them alone and he would drive his wasted body forward, though it might see the end of him.
A pistol-shot, thunderous in the cavernous tunnel, lit the scene like lightning. He staggered, aghast – she moved among them, a tempest of elegant fury. 
Her face—
The light faded in an instant, an after-image seared into his mind. Eve, a vision of rage, fanged and inhuman.
He had been mistaken, surely – a madness brought on by pain and exhaustion. Still, he came to his feet. Something metal clattered – a hangar, a short-sword, fallen from the hand of the men who assailed them. It hurt like the devil as he stooped to it but it felt good to have a blade in his hand. He turned it over, feeling the balance, a weapon he was more than familiar with, and turned to the sound of footsteps.
‘Let the blade fall, doctor.’
The words were urgent, the point of the weapon following his gaze, falling on the shadows that faced him. There were two of them, the points of their swords converging on his heart – hammering in his chest – now calm, easing under the promise of contest.
‘Let the blade fall.’
Out of the question. 
Together, they converged on him, lunging with their blades. 
It didn’t matter – the devil was in the detail. The weapon sang in the darkness, a spray of blood following its path as he took the throat of the first while turning on the second – a lunge to the eyes bringing a scream and a sobbing misery as the man staggered from him, hands driven into his ruined face.
‘James.’
He turned, bound to a dream, and found her standing quietly, just visible in the darkness by her pallor and lucent eyes. 
‘This is not for you, James, though I believe you have given a good account of yourself. We should be gone from this place.’
His eyes drifted from her to the sword at his side, blood falling in thick drops in the quiet tunnel, and let it fall, a clatter of steel among the dead. 
The dead that he, a physician, had made.
First, do no harm.
‘Come, James. It will do no good to remain.’
Bile seared his throat and he gasped as the pains of his hurts returned twofold, sagging and feeling her support him as they made their way carelessly to the thin light at the tunnel’s end.

A single candle burned on his desk, casting yellow light. She knelt before him, a bowl carried between delicate fingers.
Delicate. 
She had saved both of their lives, on the viaduct and in the tunnel, and before, in the cellar – Hooke’s dungeon, where he had known he would die. He watched as she stirred eggs and olive oil, a sensuous attention against the ferocity he had witnessed in the tunnel. From time to time her eyes would meet his – a momentary concern, before returning to her task, and he braced himself in the chair’s comfort, partly against the pain, partly in fear. What his memory told him filled him with unease.
They had returned to Southwark, to St Thomas’, via a Hackney Carriage, still about at this hour, the coachman surprised to find a young couple so oddly disposed. Her casual warmth and brilliant, moonlit smile eased the man’s suspicions. He had fallen into a dead slumber in the rocking seat until they fetched up at the hospital gates.
Putting the bowl aside, she sat up, reaching for his shirt and provoking an involuntary wince as he shifted in his seat, a moment’s concern as he settled – too tired to resist, too consumed by wonder – and watched her open his shirt. Livid bruises coloured his ribs, while thick, half-clotted scabs marked the passage of Solomon’s blade. The stink of burnt flesh still carried where Hooke had seared and blistered his wounds and he let his eyes shut as she applied the strange poultice. A shudder passed into relief as she attended him, the improvised balm blissful, and he let her nurse him without protest.
God only knew what Mrs. Grant would make of her missing groceries.
His eyes came open as she bound his wounds with linen, winding it about his chest, motioning him to sit forward as she did so. ‘Where did you learn to do that?’ he said.
‘From a doctor.’
‘A doctor? Would I know him?’
‘You know of him.’
He was pondering her words when he noticed her favouring her left arm. ‘Your arm – you are hurt?’
‘It can wait. I must ensure your recovery.’
‘No. I am a physician – you came to me as a patient, let me help you.’ She tied the bandage before pulling a chair close and sitting. Ignoring the pain he came to his feet, steeling himself against the humiliation of passing-out. Gently, he pulled her dress aside – and his eyes went wide. ‘You have a bullet wound – my God!’
He was staring at her, from the puckered and bloody wound in her breast to her steady gaze, a soft whisper greeting his find. ‘Would you mind removing the ball, James?’
Aghast, he stumbled to a case of his most precise instruments, placing it on the desk and taking a probe and forceps from within. 
‘This will be painful, I can fetch some laudanum?’
‘That will not be necessary.’
Again, the warmth of her voice gave him certainty and he bent over her wound, probing the torn flesh as delicately as he could, seeking to widen the bullet’s path. With the forceps, he sought within, passing the tip into the wound, the steel stained with blood that pooled in the ragged cavity. 
‘Do you feel no pain, Miss Grey?’ He hadn’t meant to sound so formal, it just seemed appropriate as once more he became her physician. 
‘I have a pistol ball lodged in my breast – of course I feel pain, Mr. Dalton.’
Their gaze met, a moment’s compassion, and he saw her eyes were as bright as ever. He steeled himself with a breath and then wished he hadn’t as his ribs protested, advancing the forceps until a tap of metal on metal brought a grunt of satisfaction. ‘I have it.’ 
The forceps closed around the ball as he widened the cavity with the probe, easing the bullet free with an awful sucking, even as she hissed with pain. It cleared her flesh with the torn satin of her dress, and he held it before her with a genuine sense of relief.
Followed by a dreadful chill that paralysed him and sent the bullet, forceps and all, to the floor, lost from nerveless fingers. 
Her eyes were closed as her head sank back, lustrous, needle-sharp fangs receding into her upper jaw.
Shivering in pain, he pushed himself into his chair as her eyes came open, fixing him with the shimmer he had once found so compelling, now utterly alien. Coming to her feet, she touched a finger against the blood that flowed from the bullet wound and lifted it to her lips. She sucked the fingertip clean, her eyes closed and her shoulders heaving with a thrill of pleasure. ‘A reflexive action, Mr. Dalton, brought on by pain and injury. You are in no danger, of that I can assure you.’
Still he sat immobile, pressing himself into his armchair, feeling the upholstery give, though he could move no further. He watched in horror as she pressed a strip of linen against the wound. It was closing, without aid of sutures or dressing, the edges of the bloody cavity drawing together.
She came nearer, watching him as his tortured body protested, and she knelt before him, waiting for him to speak. 
‘I thought – I believed I had imagined it. In the tunnel, when we were attacked.’
Still she remained silent.
‘The strange tale you recounted at Lady Kendal’s – there was some truth . . .’
‘You are a man of science, James, an inquiring mind tempered with scepticism. Look at me, tell me what you see.’
Memories of her physical examination vied with the grasp she had on medicine, an understanding that intrigued him. A memory of killing Solomon and Dyer, and overcoming Jacob Hooke. A memory of Joanna Martindale’s warning: 
She is dangerous
‘A young – a young woman. Both elegant and beautiful.’
‘Thank you. Do continue.’
She was smiling as he spoke, though he felt no assurance, and closed his eyes against his fear. ‘Pale of skin, despite the clemency of the weather. Bright of eye—’ risking a glance he found her gaze still on him. 
Sometimes you just had to leap. ‘And physically remarkable, stronger and sturdier than any man. A quickness of limb I cannot fathom.’
‘And?’
Though his next words were so absurd it seemed someone else spoke them. ‘And a propensity for blood, facilitated by fanged canines that extend and recede at will.’
It was done. It was said. 
She leaned closer, intimately so. ‘I am no leech, James, no obligate bloodsucker. The taking of blood is a remnant of another age. So tell me,’ she stood and turned to the window, drawing the curtains against the dawn’s half-light. ‘How might you explain me, James? How is it I can exist in light of your worldly knowledge?’
His breathing had calmed, not from assurance but from exhaustion. His hurts lessened under her care and his mind dulled with fatigue, yet still he was compelled by what he knew. She pulled a chair close and sat. ‘You should know that I will regard a supernatural explanation as no explanation at all, against all your hard-won integrity,’ placing a hand beneath her jaw, she watched him with an encouraging smile. ‘Though I think you will acquit yourself admirably.’
He stared at her. One thing was certain, she had never done him harm, quite the opposite. Without her he would have died at the hands of the Crucible. She had most likely freed Joanna from her captivity, lifted Milton from his demons and spoken in such familiarity regarding medicine, from the modern to the historical, asking for nothing in return.
From the modern to the historical.
She was so intimately acquainted with history.
An idea was forming at the back of his mind, though it was too fantastic to contemplate. He shook his head, bringing more pain. ‘I am . . . deficient in ideas to arrive at even a working hypothesis.’
For a long moment she watched him, the intensity of her gaze mitigated by a smile. She took his bloodied, bruised hand in her own. The movement was curiously tender, soothing his raw skin, feeling no revulsion against her touch. ‘Well said, James,’ his gaze fell to her hands – hands that had brought slaughter to Hooke’s men. ‘I would enlighten you to my nature. It was the reason I sought you, to assist me in knowing myself. In fact,’ she slipped her hands from his and for the briefest moment he found himself troubled by their absence. ‘I would furnish you with such wisdom.’ 
Her gaze drifted to the window and she placed a finger at her lips, a thoughtful posture in the candlelight. ‘Do you wish to hear more?’
He had to swallow. ‘Yes.’
She rose, and he followed her form through the fall of satin, taking a bottle from a drawer and pouring measures of scotch into separate glasses. He took one as she sat, sipping the raw spirit. ‘Take heart, James, this will not be easy to hear. Know that I have never deceived you, nor would I. I need your assistance, and for that I will always speak to you the truth.’
The rim of the glass touched his lips, the fiery spirit bringing pain and warmth, though he barely noticed it. 
She sat back, her gaze becoming distant. 
And then she spoke. 
‘I was born in the north of England, a daughter to a farmer . . .’
And for James Dalton, the world became, suddenly, very unfamiliar.

The candle burned low, the bottle empty, his wounds dulled to an aching that matched the yearning in her voice. For hours she had spoken, and he had listened, captivated, as she drew him on. 
She spoke of nightmares and fear, of damnation and loss – doomed to solitude, desolate in a world that no longer recognised her as kin. And of dreams of hope and intimacy, of the few who had opened themselves to her, untainted by superstition – a drop of recognition in an ocean of humanity.
He listened to her speak of distant lands, of cultures and civilisations he had only read about or heard from a multitude of scientist-explorers or sea-captains, weathered under strange skies and unfamiliar stars, feted by the London elite. Pioneers and adventurers advancing the frontiers of understanding. 
She outshone them all. 
He matched her in the romance languages, in French and Italian, and the Greek and Latin root-words from his years of medicine; struggled to keep up with her in German and Spanish, before faltering in bewilderment as she continued in the oriental tongues – in the languages of Arabia and China, so inscrutably alien to him. In tales of voyaging in the far reaches of the world.
With the fall of Rome’s majesty, Europe splintered into disparate nations under the Christian religions – so the dominions of Arabia, united by common language and burgeoning faith, revived the wealth of Greek and Latin texts, storing and cataloguing knowledge in holy places, where mosques became madrasas and ignorance gave way to understanding. She found herself drawn to the wisdom of the Orient. And where intolerance flourished she would make a fiction of herself, living a servile life, seeking understanding within fledgling sciences, until circumstance compelled her to move on, forever seeking resolution. Answers to a strange existence. 
The candle sputtered out with a hiss and she became quiet, her eyes catching a gleam of dawn’s first light through the curtains. Numbness had replaced exhaustion, and though his head ached as much as his body, he felt obliged to make a contribution. 
It seemed only polite. 
‘You mentioned your husband?’
‘He lies within the churchyard of St Saviour’s.’
Delivered so plainly, Dalton’s hurts became remote. ‘Dear lady, I am sorry.’ 
Dear lady? 
‘I have not spoken to you of his death. How—?’
‘Through the decline of years.’
‘Might I ask how you became – close?’
She rose to the window, dim light placing her in shadow while she folded her arms. ‘Those who share grievous loss hold a certain fellowship. He was the strongest of men, in both body and mind, considerate and attentive, judicious and vigilant, despite the most hateful of bereavements. In that respect he was very much like my father.’ Her face fell, tendrils of black hair settling across her jaw. ‘I did indeed love him, for he saw me and loved me in return. There are so few who might have.’ 
He swallowed, a shiver of concern in his mind as she turned on him. ‘You remind me of him. You carry the same darkness.’ 
He was about to protest, as he had before Jacob Hooke, when she spoke further. ‘You make an ally of evil, James, making yourself callous but not cruel – inured to the horrors of your trade, so you labour unmoved and with your sanity whole, discarding it’s bitter touch, never falling to it’s seduction.’ 
He was gaping at her, sensing the truth, and she spoke again. ‘Underhebban wægn behylian of niht.’
‘I beg your pardon?’
She smiled. ‘A memory of my father’s wisdom. “Lift the veil of night,” to undo man’s ignorance. He had an obscure turn of phrase – I was a curious child.’
The silence grew, yet there was more he would know. ‘You said your husband was a soldier?’
‘He fought for the Parliamentarian forces in Cromwell’s army.’
The air became suddenly close, and the idea that had been building was given life. She took her seat and fixed him with her gaze. Reality teetered on a knife-edge but he couldn’t escape his need to know more. ‘That was a hundred and fifty years ago.’
‘You believe it is physical strangeness that sets me apart from you and from others? It is nothing beside the years. Time, James – the burden of years finds me ever more remote.’
He was trying to control his breathing. ‘You are telling me that you are over a hundred and fifty years old?’
 She smiled as her voice filled with sympathy. ‘No, James. I am telling you that I am over eight hundred years old.’
He was staring at her. He was no longer breathing – could not. The study was becoming bright and far-off, as though the sun had come close and brought no warmth. Her face, beautiful and terrible and attentive, was receding from his sight.
There was only one thing he could do.
He fainted.



Chapter 38



His heart thumped dully – a distant drumbeat – while the light of her eyes grew bright in his mind, an accompaniment to the gnawing hurts of his body. She whispered lies and half-truths, drew him with the promise of impossible realities. And he followed her with compassion, resolved to help in some small way, despite the mad fantasy of her life. 
He heard his heart pounding harder still, an ache between his temples that brought clarity and surfaced him from a dreamlike warmth.
‘Mr. Dalton?’
Ah – she was with him still. He smiled at her presence, regardless of the fictions she spoke. There was so much that he, a physician, might do for such a tormented soul. She would find the resolution she yearned for and he would have her gratitude, perhaps even—
‘Mr. Dalton!’
Mrs. Grant?
He opened his eyes.
‘Ah—!’
Daylight streamed through the curtains and seared his sight. He tried to sit up and gasped, the pain in his ribs and gut demanding his attention. Drawing his knees up for comfort, the pounding returned, an insistent thumping. ‘Mr. Dalton, are you there, sir?’ 
He managed to turn his head to the wall clock,
Just past midday. 
It was so long since they had spoken, and yet it must only have been hours since he had fallen asleep. What had happened? One moment she was speaking of—
Oh.
He screwed his eyes shut against the pain, set his jaw, and pushed himself up. Sitting on the edge of the bed, he felt the bandages she had bound him with, salving his burnt and rent body. 
After she had killed Solomon and Dyer, and sent Jacob Hooke senseless to the floor.
They had escaped by – had they jumped from Horsley viaduct? 
A flight through the tunnel beneath the Neckinger, where they were set upon once again. A fight in the dark and she had revealed herself as – something else, something unknown. A misconception in a world he had once understood. 
He had killed a man, taken the sight of another, and bitter shame soared within him, though it were true, he would have been killed if he had not. She had saved his life where no-one else could have. 
She was eight hundred years old.
‘Jesus Christ almighty!’
He hadn’t meant for such a blasphemy to pass his lips, but under the circumstances, it seemed suitable.
‘Mr. Dalton?’
Not that his Methodist housekeeper would appreciate the sentiment. ‘A moment, Mrs. Grant!’
His shirt was still about him, opened to the chest, and he hurriedly buttoned the front, stuffing the hem into his buckskins with a hiss of pain. A pass of fingers through his disordered hair and he turned the door key, tentatively drawing the door. His sombre housekeeper stood before him, stiff-lipped and scowling.
And then – 
‘Dear God, what has happened?’
Her mouth lost it’s severity, falling along with her colour. Forgetting her station, she stepped inside, hands hovering about him. ‘Mr. Dalton – what have you been about, sir? Your face – my word! You have blood on your shirt! Who has done this?’
Stepping back lest she find a wound he was not aware of, he raised his hands. ‘It isn’t as bad as it looks, Mrs. Grant. Please do not concern yourself, I merely—’ 
It would do no good to lie to her, the woman was as sharp as a tack, and he tried to find something to satisfy her. ‘I was set upon by rogues while returning from a patient’s home on the outskirts of the parish. As I said, it is nothing to concern yourself with.’
‘Rogues? This is intolerable. Have you reported to the constables?’
‘I have not. My first thoughts were of relief here at St Thomas’, and to thank my stars I was not badly hurt.’ He could feel cuts opening under the bandages. 
Her eyes narrowed. ‘It has been some time since you made a home visit, particularly at night,’ she found his bag, sitting treasonously beneath his desk. ‘And they did not take your medical effects?’
‘Perhaps I should have let them have it, I might not have suffered quite so much.’ 
How did politicos like White and Derleth come so easily to such lies?
‘Well, regardless of the circumstances, such an insult will not be born. I will alert Sir Stephen towards the constables and have a colleague attend on you.’
He groaned – a vice of his chest. ‘Thank you, Mrs. Grant, that will not be necessary.’
‘Nonsense. You are the senior surgeon and anatomist and require due attention. And to think those ruffians remain about the streets, I would not rest at night. You may leave the arrangements to me, Mr. Dalton.’
‘I am more than capable of administering to myself, Mrs. Grant, and the ruffians you speak of are almost certainly beyond the grasp of the law. You may rest assured that all that can be done will be done.’
‘Nevertheless—’
‘Mrs. Grant!’
He hadn’t meant to raise his voice, but exhaustion had taken the last of his patience. She stood aghast, the colour leaving her face – again, and he regretted his impatience. ‘I am confoundedly sorry, dear lady. Forgive me, for I have not slept well.’
He couldn’t meet her eyes. The sour expression returned with new fervour. ‘Well, I can see I will be of no use here today. I shall return when you are in better spirits. Good day to you, Mr. Dalton.’
‘Good—’ 
The door slammed shut behind her.
He sighed and massaged the bridge of his nose – that would require some diplomacy before he was back in her good-books. 
Squinting in the midday light, he found the empty whisky bottle beside the glasses they had shared, and he longed for a drop of malt to ease the pain. 
‘Water would be better, Dalton. You make a crutch of strong drink and you join Milton in his despair.’ The words brought a smile – his friend’s idea of him fighting his way free of the Crucible would be something worth hearing, and he stared at his battered face in the mirror, hardly recognising the eyes of the man staring back. ‘Is this the consequence of taking life? A bleakness that mirrors the soul?’ 
Ignoring his aching jaw where Solomon’s fist had knocked him senseless, he was glad to find no deformity. ‘Enough with the maudlin poetry, Dalton.’ He examined the dressings – they would need to be changed, the burns an infuriating itch that he longed to rub. He smiled as his thoughts drifted to Eve and when their paths might cross again.
The smile became a frown.
How was his door locked from within?
He turned quickly, ignoring a shot of pain as he stumbled to the window, throwing the curtains aside and reeling against the afternoon sunlight. The sounds of students and lecturers passing below were louder than usual, and he found the window open a crack, letting through a gentle breeze. 
A letter lay on the stone sill, folded, but unsealed and addressed to him in a classical hand, and he swept it up, lifting the sash window. One or two students recognised him and waved cheerfully as they sauntered below. Raising a hand in return, he ducked back into the study, unfolding the letter and reading quickly:



James,

My humble thanks for allowing me
the unburdening of my life’s tale.
I hope, by now, to have the Crucible’s
beating heart firmly beneath my heel.
I will remember you with such fondness.

E.


His heart was pounding and his mouth was dry, though from neither fear nor pain. There was a finality in her words that stopped his breath. 
Surely she would not leave so? In such a cursory manner?
He re-read her letter, an ominous thought building. 
The Crucible’s beating heart.
She meant to overthrow the one who stood above all others, the mentor to Jacob Hooke, unseen and all-powerful. In-Inferus.
‘Oh damn.’
The paper fell to the carpet, eyes flickering to the wall clock. Half-past midday. 
A shave and a wash could wait, as could a fresh shirt. Pulling a waistcoat and boots from his wardrobe, he dressed as quickly as he could, tying a cravat about his neck and jamming Hooke’s low-crowned hat above his brow before collecting his wallet and watch and stuffing them into his jacket. Mrs. Grant was quite correct – the constables should have his attention, it was only right they were informed of the Crucible’s activities in the parish.
After all, a woman of only eight hundred years would surely need the weight of the law behind her.



Chapter 39



Whitehall magistrates building stood in the heart of Westminster overlooking the River Thames and, by its location, looked over the parishes of Southwark and Bermondsey and beyond – a tower of judicial influence. The building was old, far older than the gothic architectures that had grown up about the seat of government since the wars between monarchy and parliament had torn the nation apart, reborn in a new constitution. A covenant between ruler and people.
Despite that, the figure that swept into the marbled foyer was older still. 
Her heels tapped on the marble floor as she approached the oak desk of the secretary – scratching at letters with pen and ink – and she halted before him, regarding him from the shadow of a silk hat. It was impossible for him not to notice her, the echo of her steps fading into silence as he continued about his business. A candle burned to a stub for the sake of wax seals and papers, and now and then a colleague would move from office to office, carrying armfuls of papers, then leaving the reception in silence. 
Still she stood before him, her silence drawing his attention, and his pen was placed aside with an irritated curl of his lips. ‘You require assistance, madam?’ He smiled insincerely over half-moon spectacles, finding her gaze difficult – an intensity he would later describe as ‘challenging.’ 
‘A message for Robert Brougham.’ She presented a sealed letter addressed to the city’s senior magistrate, holding it before the secretary in a gloved hand.
He chose to smile and dip his pen once more, indicating a pile of sealed correspondence. ‘You may leave it with the rest, I will see it reaches him. Good day.’
The letter remained before his face. ‘It is a matter of urgency.’
‘As are they all.’ The pen scratched over the papers as he continued his work.
‘Mr. Brougham will be gratified by this paper’s presentation, and will be equally displeased if an opportunity is lost by its delay.’
The pen stopped and a sigh left the fellow’s lips. He stared at her, neither smile or frown in return, and he let the pen fall as he took the letter. ‘You may consider your message delivered.’
She said nothing but stayed watching him. He raised his eyebrows and removed his spectacles, standing before stepping to a black-painted door behind and knocking politely.
He turned to offer a conciliatory smile before the door opened.
She was already gone.

Samuel Derleth, opposition member for Southwark, gazed beyond the windows of his office at the Palace of Westminster – where the government of Britain did it’s business, projecting power beyond it’s shores across an empire that spanned oceans. 
Curtains stirred gently in the river breeze, a compromise against the stifling atmosphere that came with the status of residing on the upper floor.
A compromise.
He sat in an armchair and tapped his jaw thoughtfully as clouds piled over the river, a threat of rain to wash the stench from the riverbanks. Politics was the art of compromise. 
Statecraft, however—
There was a knock at his door.
‘Come.’
His private secretary entered. ‘I am sorry to disturb you, sir, but you have a visitor.’
‘Yes?’
‘A Miss Evelida Grey.’
Steepling his fingers, he turned his eyes on the man. ‘Indeed? Please, let her enter.’
He nodded and guided her in. She removed her hat and stared at Derleth, who stood, brushing himself down as he did so. ‘My dear Miss Grey – such a pleasure.’
‘Mr. Derleth, the pleasure is mine.’ He took her hand in his own while indicating for her to sit. ‘Thank you for allowing me to see you without an appointment, I am aware of your burdens.’
‘What manner of gentleman could refuse such a request?’ 
A light rain began to patter the windows, cooling the air. ‘What might I do for you?’
‘You may not be aware but the Resurrection Men, under the advocacy of the Crucible, have taken steps against those who oppose them. Yesterday, James Dalton was taken by agents acting under Jacob Hooke – kidnapped by the Crucible.’
The politico’s eyes were wide, unfolding his arms as he stood. ‘My God. Dalton? You are certain?’
Her reply came after a moment’s pause. ‘I am certain.’
His eyes were on the floor. ‘Then – he is finished.’
‘No.’
‘No?’
‘He is safe and well and returned to St Thomas’ – a little worse for wear, but still, he will recover.’
A distant thunder rolled, far beyond the river’s edge. Derleth’s gaze flickered aside, his shoulders sagging. ‘Well, then – that is remarkable.’ Turning to his desk he made a search of his correspondence and smiled apologetically. ‘We must make certain this should not happen again – I must attend on this matter. You must excuse me, I find myself animated by your news. My secretary will assist you from the building.’
She said nothing. 
Derleth stared at her, and he started to speak.
She interrupted him. ‘I can help you, Samuel.’
‘I require no assistance. This matter is for me to attend. Now, if you—’
‘There is only one way this matter might end.’
Derleth’s smile slipped. ‘I beg your pardon?’
‘Your end may come with dignity, if you so choose.’
Once more, he folded his arms. ‘Miss Grey, whatever can you mean?’
‘Jacob Hooke, though ruthlessly astute, could not have unified the gang-men south of the river into a cohesive whole. Nor, indeed, could his lieutenants. Such an act would require the hand of another – of resourcefulness and a far-reaching mind.’
‘That is long suspected by all and you have nothing to add. I would bid you good day.’ 
‘Those who stand in your way are found at the mercy of agents far removed from politics.’
He was gazing beyond the glass of the windows. ‘What are you implying?’
‘Implication is not my aim, Samuel, nor the fanciful and, quite frankly, histrionically named, “In-Inferus.”’
Derleth’s eyes became bright. ‘You think yourself so astute, Miss Grey? A mere woman, practically mired in adolescence and naive of statecraft?’ 
‘You waste all who stand with you and before you, Samuel, rich and poor alike. Even those you hold most dear.’
He licked his lips, throwing his hand to the window. ‘You really believe I would treat with those animals? Those murderous—’
‘Jacob Hooke is your son, is he not?’
His hand stayed aloft as he stared at her.
She spoke for him. ‘An aberration, a dalliance with a low-born woman in your youth and the embarrassment of a bastard to hinder your elevation, yes?’ 
He came to rest against his desk as she went on. ‘And yet, years later, an opportunity presents itself as your blood, a man of certain talents, finds himself facing his end – a capital offence, no less. It would take a man of influence to secure his freedom from the Navy’s provosts, a man of vision to see his potential,’ her eyes gleamed with recognition. ‘A mutualism, designed to benefit you both.’
Derleth’s words were a whisper. ‘You have no proof.’
‘I am not interested in proof.’
‘Then what are you interested in?’
‘How your end will come.’
The smile returned. ‘No proof? Then my end will not come here, not today.’ He shook his head before continuing. ‘I think you have overreached yourself, Miss Grey, and as I said, I am a busy man,’ straightening, he nodded. ‘Good—’
There was a knock at the door.
She sat, resting her jaw on her hand, a long finger against her cheek as he glanced at the door, then back to her. ‘Come!’
His private secretary entered, pale now, his gaze moving between the door and his master. ‘Sir, I – there is a Justice of the Peace to see you. He is accompanied by two constables.’ 
 Eve watched in silence as Derleth spoke. ‘I am afraid I am indisposed. Please inform them—’
‘They are attended by an agent of the Crown.’ The man swallowed before continuing. ‘He is insistent.’
Derleth stared at Eve. 
Still she said nothing. 
‘So be it.’ The words were delivered under his breath, standing and straightening his jacket. ‘Let us not stand on ceremony. Allow them in.’
They entered – a genial older man in black magistrates attire, two hefty constables, and a middle-aged man who moved with quiet composure – face scarred by smallpox and with sparse hair. Despite his slight appearance, those accompanying him treated him with consideration, remaining by the door as he entered. The man’s voice was hoarse, quiet and deferent, though there was nothing welcoming about his eyes. ‘Mr. Derleth, please forgive our intrusion. My name is Matthew Cecil,’ at the mention of the name Derleth straightened further. ‘I maintain discretionary duties as Constable of the Tower of London and Warden of the Cinque-Ports.’
Derleth swallowed before replying. ‘I am aware of your role within the Crown’s intelligences, Mr. Cecil.’ 
‘That is good, we might move along.’ Cecil’s gaze roamed as he continued. ‘Information has been brought to me via Mr. Brougham,’ he indicated the magistrate, who smiled, ‘regarding a possible compromise of interests between this office and belligerents hostile to His Majesty’s interests.’
‘Information? Might I ask how you came by such information?’
‘I am not at liberty to say.’
‘I see.’ Derleth lifted his hands in a gesture of openness. ‘Then you shall have my every cooperation.’
‘That is well, sir. Mr. Brougham, as an independent judiciary, will ensure all is conducted within the boundaries of legal ethicality.’
‘I am certain.’
Cecil’s gaze came to Eve. ‘Madam, forgive my incivility but I would request you leave this place—’
‘That will not be necessary.’ Derleth’s words were certain, Cecil’s eyes turning on him with his customary languor. 
‘You are friends, then?’
Eve’s voice was as steady as her gaze. ‘Well, Mr. Derleth? Are we?’
Derleth smiled. ‘No, madam, we are not. Mr. Cecil, Miss Grey is a parishioner who has proved herself a growing inconvenience on my time. That being said, she carries an attentive, though naive, interest in government affairs. I request she remain to bear witness that I have nothing to hide.’ He returned her stare. ‘And even less to fear.’
‘Well, then,’ Cecil turned to his constables, who nodded and set about their duties with quiet efficiency, removing books from shelves, leafing through pages, and replacing them exactly as they found them. 
Brougham cleaned his spectacles with a strip of linen. Opening a ledger on Derleth’s bureau, he began cataloguing all that were examined, favouring the politico with an occasional smile while Cecil supervised. Drawers were opened, papers removed and examined – first for content then held to the light, where seals and watermarks could be examined – and as before, replaced with consideration. Brougham showed a growing relief as the investigation progressed, finding nothing to dishonour the eminent politician. Cecil’s constables offered him a shrug as, time and again, nothing was found, acknowledging them with a silent nod.
Eve sat in silence as Derleth’s smile became a smirk.
Brougham was suddenly distracted. From a niche in the bureau he found an aged leather-bound text, bearing an inscription in gold-leaf, passing it to Cecil. 
‘Poetry. French poetry, Mr. Derleth?’ 
‘Indeed. The works of M. Voiture, some of his finest.’
‘Yours?’
‘Mine, certainly. Given to me by a – friend.’ He gazed at Eve as Cecil opened the text and turned the pages, the leaves crackling as he did.
‘Moving indeed. Captivating.’ Cecil’s tone suggested the works were anything but, and he took care to open a newer page that had been inserted between the original leaves, unfolding the paper to reveal notes describing use of language and stanza, couplet and form – admiration for the author.
The notes were widely spaced, an uneconomical use of paper, and Cecil frowned at the waste, running his fingertips over the pencilled letters. At once, he rubbed his fingertips together, sniffing them, then dabbing them against his tongue, and he moved to a candle stub. Holding the paper above the flame, a thread of smoke rose from the page, dispersing in the gentle breeze.
Letters appeared under the flame’s warmth.
Brougham watched over his spectacles, the cataloguing forgotten, the constables pausing as Cecil heated the paper. More words and numbers appearing between the notes. Derleth frowned as Cecil’s eyes came to his. ‘More French, Mr. Derleth?’
‘I know nothing of that.’ His words were suddenly less assured and he turned to stare at Eve.
Still she returned his gaze in silence.
‘Tonnage; numbers. Gun decks; numbers.’ Cecil spoke quietly as he angled the paper to the light. ‘Displacements in the line of battle. Senior officers’ allocation and readiness to sail.’ Cecil stared at Derleth. ‘Tell me, sir, why you have the confidential manifests of every ship of war at Tilbury, written in French and hidden in your copy of French poetry?’
Brougham slumped as the constables stiffened, sensing blood. 
‘But they are not mine!’ Derleth was shaking his head. ‘I had no knowledge of their presence.’
‘Concealed in sugar solution, within the bounds of a book you vowed was your own.’
‘Given to me by a friend!’ He turned to Eve, his poise gone. ‘Miss Grey, you must tell him!’
Her gaze was as cold as her tone. ‘But we are not friends, Mr. Derleth.’
She watched him a moment longer, standing to leave, the colour draining from Derleth’s face. ‘Your life is a series of contradictions, Samuel – I, more than anyone, would know.’ Turning to Cecil, she lowered her eyes. ‘Should you have questions, sir, you have only to ask. Mr. Derleth, I am certain, will be able to give you my address.’ 
Opening the door, she spared Derleth – white with fear – a final glance, and was gone. 
Cecil folded the paper carefully inside the book and closed the jacket, holding it before Derleth’s stricken face.
‘Make your arrangements, sir. We have a long night ahead of us.’



Chapter 40



‘That’ll be threepence, sir.’ 
Dalton eased his stiff and tortured body out of the cab and willed away a hiss of pain as he alighted in Westminster, passing a coin to the coachman who doffed his cap and moved along with a click of his tongue. He walked towards the Palace of Westminster, taking his time to ease a conspicuous limp – he had enough on his mind without awkward questions from well-meaning fellows, and slow progress was progress enough. A hundred thoughts and ideas had come to him since waking, not least that he had dreamt the entire history of Evelida Grey. The scientist within him had done it’s all to explode her reality, had explored every avenue of reduction and reason. Yet, without doubt, the truth of her was simply that – the truth.
Even her agelessness he couldn’t discount. She simply knew too much.
He paused for breath, leaning against the wall of the magistrate’s court. A pair of fellows in conversation smirked at his undignified appearance, and he leered at them beneath the brim of Hooke’s hat, enjoying their fright as they recoiled from his brutal visage. His breath returned with a spasm of pain as he steeled himself on. What he did when he got there was beyond him, he simply needed to be there if she – if Eve – needed him. Though what assistance he could hope to render her eluded him. Perhaps it was enough that she knew he had tried, that he had cared enough—
The arrival of a black carriage, windows barred in iron, interrupted his thoughts. The mare tossed it’s head as the constables alighted, one soothing the horse as the other lowered the step and unlocked a door, offering a hand to the occupants. A middle-aged man of slight stature stepped clear of the coach, waiting for the constables to assist the remaining occupant. Despite the afternoon sun nagging his throbbing head, Dalton gaped at the sight of Samuel Derleth disembarking in irons. 
The politico smiled feebly in recognition, a helpless gesture as he was led into the magistrates building, while the fellow with the shrewd eyes spared him a moment’s consideration before following, gone into the heart of British justice.
‘A moment, sir.’ Dalton lifted himself clear of the stonework, raising a hand as the constable moved to follow. The man glanced at his colleague before approaching him. ‘Would that be the renowned politico, Samuel Derleth, you have in custody?’
‘I am not at liberty to say, sir.’
‘Would you not be at liberty to say why he is detained?’
The constable shrugged. ‘It makes little difference, his profile means it will be known soon enough. A warning was presented to the court this morning regarding a conspiracy with the French republic.’ Dalton choked on his surprise as he continued. ‘Our searches revealed just such evidence. And something else . . .’
I should have the Crucible’s beating heart beneath my heel. ‘Something else?’
‘A suggestion of criminal activities within the boundaries of the city. Now, if you would excuse me?’ He turned to leave.
‘Wait!’
Irritated, the constable waited. ‘Well?’
‘He was alone when you detained him?’
‘His private secretary was in attendance, though we feel the man too artless to be involved.’
‘No-one else?’
‘No. Actually, yes.’
Dalton’s heart leapt.
‘A woman, pale and dark, as cold as her aspect. Said she was returning home – no love lost between her and Derleth, I can tell you.’
Dalton’s words were a whisper. ‘Thank you, sir. I have detained you long enough,’ though the man had already turned away, leaving him to shuffle on and hailing a passing cab.
‘Newington, and with all haste.’

‘Miss Grey?’ 
Dalton’s voice was hoarse, not only with shouting – damning the hurts that seared his body – pounding his fist against the door and peering through curtained windows. Men and women of quality strode by and frowned in disapproval. Regardless of her nature, it was unthinkable she would leave without a word, never to return. Unthinkable, and yet so downright unknowable. It galled him, just as much as it intrigued him.
Thus he was captivated.
‘Miss Grey—’
The door handle turned in his hand, opening with the gentlest of pushes and revealing clean lines of checkerboard tiles, silent and without sign of occupancy. He stepped inside, examining walls and racks and hooks, devoid of garments. Passing doors to the kitchen and parlour – neat and tidy – no suggestion that anyone had ever lived there.
‘Eve?’ 
His voice was soft as he took the stairs, favouring one leg over the other, reaching the landing and peering about. The doors to the bedrooms were open, dressers clear of effects and beds neatly made. No sign of anyone having lived here, sterile of life, as though she were merely passing through.
His shoulders heaved and he chided himself at his sentiment. Passing a hand over his mouth, he swallowed as he turned to leave. 
‘Come on, old fellow. You still have a life to live.’ 
Descending one stair at a time, he watched for signs of her presence – a pulled thread from her dress, a hair from her night-black tresses – and found nothing, as he knew he wouldn’t. 
The front door opened and a sudden thrill gave way to despondency as an officious-looking fellow in hat and cloak entered, a surprised expression as Dalton removed his hat – shock as his broken face was revealed, then finding some composure. ‘Good day to you, sir. Would you be the new tenant?’
‘You are the landlord?’
‘Quite so, quite so. Are you here to view the property?’
‘No, sir. I came here in search of your former tenant.’
‘Ah, that would be Miss Grey, yes?’ Dalton’s face lifted at the mention of her name. ‘Wonderful tenant, if only all my occupiers were so agreeable, so in keeping with the tenant-landlord agreements. And her, all alone in the world, too,’ said the landlord.
Dalton smiled without feeling. ‘Quite. Tell me, did she leave a forwarding address?’
‘She did not, and that is indeed a shame as I would like to remain in correspondence, should she need more accommodation. She even kept another of my properties, though for the life of me, she never seemed to use it. Do you know the lady well?’
‘No – no, I had barely begun to know her.’
‘Ah, but who would ever claim to know the mind of a lady? They enjoy their secrets, known only to one another, eh?’ 
Dalton shuffled past, sparing him a glance. A light rain began to fall, bringing a freshness beyond the door as people ran for cover. ‘Not this one, sir.’
It was at least a couple of miles to Southwark, and he would be hard-pressed to make good time. The rain misted the streets, bringing a lonely silence to Westminster, the highways clearing of pedestrians and leaving him to himself.
That suited him just fine. 
Squinting in the rain, he started the long walk home. 



Chapter 41



The rain brought relief to the late spring heat, the coach-team tossing their heads while the young groom soothed them with handfuls of oats and soft words. The master watched over a tankard of ale – a bonus for bringing tired and wealthy travellers to the doors, as rain pattered on his felt tricorne and puddles formed around his boots. The clouds were breaking, the courtyard lit with shafts of light. Setting aside the mug, he lifted a sabre clear of the scabbard at his waist. Oil eased the draw of the weapon and would suffice until they reached the next coaching inn, and he inspected his pistol’s flints and dog-heads, wrapping the locks in oiled rags before tucking them into the folds of his coat and beckoning the young groom over. 
‘Fetch my driver, would you?’ He squinted against the rain. ‘This weather will lift and we should make haste.’
The boy nodded, ducking into the taproom where passengers would be finishing breakfasts and preparing for the journey ahead. Walking about the liveried body of the coach, the master made a final inspection of the polished woodwork, pulling at ropes securing post and parcels. There was a certain fulfilment to keeping the vehicle spick and span, not merely the pleasure of a job well done, but in knowing it remained in good order, despite the predations of highwaymen and the broken, rutted highways joining England’s towns and villages.
The first of his passengers were exiting the inn – a rotund gentleman in the snug-fitting attire of a parish beadle. He watched while soothing the horse-team, the beadle lowering the iron step and flinging the door open to the upholstered interior, assisting the young woman who followed him. 
She was dressed in black mourning attire, face veiled in shadow beneath a velvet hat, and accepted the hand of the ruddy fellow as she took her seat, the beadle grinning enthusiastically as he followed her. 
The coach-master smiled as he shook his head, patting the neck of his lead horses as the last of his passengers arrived.
For all their obvious association they might as well have been in mourning themselves. They were dressed in black, much as the young woman who preceded them. The man was huge – a great bull of a fellow who wore a cloth cap that shadowed his eyes. His face, no stranger to violence, was scarred and shaved clean, and he moved with a quiet strength, light on his feet and with watchful glances that encouraged others to avoid his eyes. His lady clung to his arm with a brisk step and a smile that bordered on the inane, a gleam in her eyes belying the sombre green dress under a black pelisse. 
There was something about the man he recognised but couldn’t place. 
Regardless of his doubt, the fellow might be some use should they come across highwaymen, and he rounded the vehicle as his driver appeared from the taproom, stuffing the last of a meat pie into his mouth and tugging on gloves before mounting.
‘You’re late.’
The driver jammed a hat of his own on and tightened the reins in his hands. ‘My apologies, but the food here is marvellous. I assure you good progress in return.’ He was grinning beneath his hat and the master grunted. With a flick of the reins the horse team started to walk, the coach lurching forward, an audible giggle heard from within. 
Under a wooden arch, the sound of horseshoes and iron-shod wheels heralded the carriage’s departure, passing onto the Mile End Road that would take them out of London. Onto the lonely highways that led to the north.

The beadle rocked back and forth as the coach made it’s way over the rolling downs rising out of London. He’d tried to make conversation with the young woman beside him – smiling indulgently beneath her velvet – but failing to return his idle pleasantries, so instead he busied himself watching the houses and tenements giving way to farmland, then woodlands, where they would watch for bandits that haunted the desolate roads after dark.
The couple sitting opposite said little, though it was apparent that the woman with bright green eyes and the inane smirk was barely in control of herself, craning her neck to watch London’s horizon recede one moment then clutching her fellow’s arm and whispering into his ear, giggling helplessly to herself, the next. Occasionally, her voice would trouble him, and he would scowl at her, growling in displeasure while flexing scarred knuckles. Instead of cringing, she would close her eyes blissfully, hugging his arm tighter and letting her head rest on his shoulder as the road rose and fell beneath the carriage springs. After ten miles in their company the beadle was glad to be on his way, alighting from the coach with a respectful nod from the driver and a brief acknowledgement to the young woman who sat so quietly in her mourning dress. 
She said nothing, keeping her silence as the door closed and the horse team was watered before continuing the journey, giving way to an occasional post-chaise making it’s way south at speed. 
In absence of the beadle, the strange couple relaxed, sagging in the plush seats and luxuriating in one another’s presence.
‘Felixstowe, then, husband?’ 
The woman spoke, clutching her man’s arm while smiling at him from the tumult of red hair about her face. ‘Indeed. A port – smaller, more unrefined than the wharves and docks we forsake,’ a feral smile as he came near, touching her nose with his. ‘And an end to those who meddle in our affairs.’
She grinned and reached up with her mouth to kiss him, despite the presence of the quiet young woman before them. ‘We will make our presence felt, husband, you and I – lord and lady in waiting, rulers to be,’ her fingers, ringed in gold and stones, unbuttoned her pelisse, exposing the green satin dress that clung to her. ‘A nobility we make for ourselves, Jacob.’
She caressed his freshly shaven face and he took her hand in his, earning a shiver of desire. ‘Certainly. The wisdom we bring will not be denied,’ thick fingers brushed against the blush of her cheek and she hissed in pleasure. ‘Nothing and no-one may stop us.’
The coach lurched suddenly, a rut in the road throwing them together. Georgina squealed as Hooke clasped her to him, resting his head on hers and turning his gaze away. 
The young woman in such severe dress had lifted her head, though her eyes remained in shadow, a gentle smile touching her full lips. There was something remarkably familiar about her, something disquieting.
Her pallor.
The coach became suddenly quiet as Georgina took her cue from her man – Hooke’s free hand reached slowly behind him, seeking the knife he had hidden there. 
Georgina’s smile faded as the warm melodious voice steeped the interior with fear.
‘I once owned a dress like that.’



Epilogue


Six weeks later.

Spring gave way to summer, though England’s climate could still take unawares, a bright blue sky one moment and a threat of rain the next. So it was that James Dalton sat quietly within the confines of his study and peered through the lens of a microscope, the mirror turned to the thinnest crack of light from his curtains. He was obliged to keep an oil lamp burning while he made notes, the thin light all but useless beyond his instrument, scratching carefully in his ledger before returning to the lens. A curious twilight he kept to more and more these days in keeping, some said, with a wistful melancholia that subdued him, taking his former verve. 
From time to time he would become distracted, leaning back to stare at the ceiling then letting his gaze fall, as it had so many times before, to a mica slide that lay apart from more ordered samples. Lifting it between thumb and forefinger, he would hold the fragile wafer before his eyes – a film of desiccate blood glinting in the narrow beam, twisting it slowly and studying it’s every detail, before replacing it with a sigh.
Sounds of students and doctors heading back to their studies carried on the river airs, a compromise he cared little for these days, though he failed to notice the sound of girlish laughter mingling with the exhilaration of medical students – a liveliness he had known at the height of his studies.
So very long ago.
‘All work and no play, James.’
He looked up with a smile. Despite his longing for solitude he came to his feet and accepted Grace’s hands in his own. ‘Dear Lady Kendal.’
‘Don’t sound so surprised, Mr. Dalton,’ she scowled at him with mock disdain. ‘It is entirely appropriate for old friends to catch up once in a while.’
She wouldn’t release his hands, and he lowered his eyes. ‘I am sorry, Grace. I have, by necessity, found myself heavily engaged in work.’
‘By necessity or by choice?’
‘By the necessity of my injuries, though I confess, I find the diversion of work a salve to more particular hurts.’
‘And do you find yourself mended?’
‘The scars have yet to heal – a persistent ache.’
She squeezed his hand. ‘You must take a little more time, James, as must we all.’ The moment lingered before she released him. ‘Well, now – shall we bring some cheer to your gloomy study?’ 
That earned a raised eyebrow – and a broadening grin, as the figure of Milton Hale, dressed once more in the scarlet of his regiment, stepped into his doorway. 
‘Good to see you again, bookworm.’ 
Grace left Dalton to open his curtains and let in more light as the two friends embraced. ‘Milton – my, it is good to see you too. And so smartly turned-out.’
Hale’s smile faded. ‘One must respect those who have gone before, James,’ he shook himself free of the sentiment. ‘And besides, I had to present myself before my commanding officer this morning.’ 
Hale was grinning as Dalton took his cue. ‘By necessity?’
‘I have been given permission to marry.’
Disbelief was replaced by wonder, then joy as Dalton took his friend’s hand in his own, shaking it and smiling helplessly. ‘Milton, that is the most wonderful news. I never thought I would see the day.’
‘Would you stand with me, James? If asked, would you consent to be my best man?’
‘Nothing would give me more pleasure – of course I will. But tell me, who is the clever lady who has won you over?’
‘You have been too long at your work, Mr. Dalton.’ Grace turned to the door, a nod of her head directing his gaze. 
Joanna Martindale stood at the threshold, exquisite yet unassuming, in ivory satin. ‘James, I – we – have missed your company. How have you been?’
He was staring, he knew, but the sense of it was evident. Hale met his eyes with an awkward smile. ‘Too long absorbed in my own ideas. Joanna – Milton, I am suddenly brightened by your announcement, and shamed by my self-indulgence.’ He took out a bottle and glasses he kept in a desk-drawer. ‘Would you let me toast your engagement?’
Hale raised a hand. ‘Ah, not for me, James – I will take tea.’ 
Joanna slipped an arm through his. ‘One would not hurt?’
Hale gazed at his bride-to-be with such tenderness that Dalton found himself resenting their affection, busying himself with the toast as Grace held out a glass for him to charge. He caught her eye and she winked at him, deferring to her to make the toast. ‘To Milton and Joanna – may we all share in their happiness.’
‘To Milton and Joanna!’ 
‘And to absent friends.’
Grace eyed them one by one, an unspoken accord that muted their cheer, taken up by Joanna. ‘Hear, hear.’
They matched Grace’s toast. ‘Absent Friends.’
Draining the spirit left them in silence.
Grace spoke first. ‘James, will you join us in a late lunch? Charlotte and Victoria wait outside and we might find a coffee-house?’
He was long overdue. He just needed a moment to compose himself. ‘I would be delighted. But I have a paper I am committed to finish. Would you give me a little time? I should not be more than a half-hour.’
Her eyes lingered on him. ‘Of course. Come Milton, Joanna – the world turns for more than we three. Let us take some air while the good doctor readies himself.’
They filed out of his study, smiling happily. Grace paused at the door. ‘Take all the time you need, James.’
She was gone. He sat heavily, breathing out a sigh as he absorbed the news of his friends’ engagement.
He wasn’t the same man, that was certain – a sea-change indeed, brought about by circumstance. The James Dalton of old would have been delighted at his friends’ happiness. And yet, in the wake of all he had suffered, all he had come to know—
He didn’t know how to feel.
Chiding himself at his lack of charity, he came to his feet and shook his head. Placing an arm against the wall by the window he watched his friends enter the courtyard, enjoying the afternoon, despite the darkening sky. Arm in arm, Milton and Joanna took a dignified lead while Charlotte and Victoria followed. Grace Kendal watched from the rear as they ambled under the shadows of the eaves, a weak sun hidden by cloud.
A welcoming darkness.
He sighed once more, but now with happiness. Of course he was glad for his friends – they had suffered just as he. More so, in fact – a mote of decency in a world of secrecy and hardship. He should be with them.
It was time.
‘Would you be ready to forgive me, James?’
The darkness seemed to grow. His skin prickled, the melodious voice he knew so well bringing a shadow to his mind and drying his mouth.
There was an inevitability to her presence, despite having all but given up hope of seeing her again, and he fought to control his breathing as he swallowed. She would already know his discomfort, though he wasn’t about to cede his stature.
He had standards, after all. ‘There is nothing to forgive. You, I am sure, had your reasons, and it has given me ample time to think on your nature.’
Her voice was nearer. ‘And?’
‘I find no evidence of dependency, no suggestion of mutualism. Your nature, it would seem, has been rendered fundamental by some mechanism I have yet to discover.’
‘And you would endeavour to continue your investigation, despite the prospect of remaining in the dark?’
He couldn’t help smiling at the turn of phrase. ‘Over all else, I would do so.’
‘Then you have my profound apologies for leaving so abruptly, though I confess, I was in haste.’
He turned, steeling himself, and found himself falter. Where Joanna was beautiful, Eve stood with a timeless composure, a familiar half-smile drawing the last of his poise. Dressed in the deepest blue, she seemed born of shadow once more.
‘Good day to you, James – so nice to speak to you face to face.’
Damn it!
‘And to you, Miss Grey. Might I ask of your health?’
‘I am well, thank you, though a little dispirited.’
‘How so?’
She came close, watching him as she drew the curtains together, placing them in intimate lamplight yet again. ‘I have been in the north of the country, visiting the places of my birth.’
He couldn’t fail to note the plurality. ‘And that brought you remorse?’
‘My parents are gone, their graves crumbled by tree and root – swallowed by the earth. All that is left of them are my memories.’ 
He chose his words, reminding himself that she deployed her grief at her choosing. ‘I am sorry.’
She was watching him with the scrutiny he had become accustomed to. ‘All things must end, James, and I was lucky to reacquaint myself with some old friends. How is Samuel Derleth, by the way?’
‘Sentenced to hang by the month’s end. No further evidence of collaboration with a foreign power was found, yet the extent of the investigation surrounding his offices revealed him to be the force behind the Crucible.’ She left him to examine his bookshelves and instruments, reminding him of their first meeting. ‘You knew, then, that he was the one they called “In-Inferus?”’
Running pallid fingers over a globe of the world, she placed the tip of a forefinger on the coastlines of Europe and smiled. ‘Men of power do like their mysteries and their titles,’ a brush of her fingers and the globe turned slowly as she moved about his study. ‘I was not entirely certain, as I have been wrong about a great many things, though I suspected his involvement for some time.’
‘Then you engineered his downfall long before?’ He stopped, staring at the floor. ‘Yet Jacob Hooke and his consort have escaped justice, free to begin again.’
‘Not quite.’ 
He looked sharply at her – no longer smiling, her eyes gleaming in the dim light. ‘I overtook them on my way north.’
The meaning of her words became clear. ‘Then, they are finished?’
‘One yet remains, though the error of their ways has been made abundantly clear to them. I am sure they will adopt a more favourable life.’
He should be reassured, though a greater unease was building as he steeled himself. ‘And you? What manner of life will you now adopt?’
Her eyes gleamed. ‘What are you asking of me?’
Courage, Dalton – you would never forgive yourself.
‘I have failed to uncover the nature of your existence beyond that you already knew, though I am resolved to so much more, if you would stay.’
Keep going.
‘With me.’
She said nothing, just stared.

He had been overcome at her revelation, though in part down to pain and exhaustion – not entirely unexpected. 
Still he wished for more. 
She turned from him, feeling his dismay as he took the gesture for dismissal. 
Her origins – the farm, her parents’ graves, even the copse where the bearer had shattered the earth with its fall – were gone, no evidence that she had even had a family, overtaken by time.
She alone endured. ‘You find the woman you see before you so admirable, James? Yet knowing me as you do leaves you with no doubt as to your wishes?’
His words were resolute. ‘I would know so much more.’
She turned on him. ‘We have barely scratched the surface. Much of what you would know you would not find pleasant.’
‘I go where duty leads me.’
She smiled without satisfaction. ‘And when you leave?’
He shook his head, denying the notion. ‘No, not ever—’ 
Understanding caught him and he couldn’t meet her eyes. ‘I would not, were I able to remain.’
‘Then what have you to offer me?’
She could taste his anguish, giving way to resignation as he returned her gaze. ‘I am deficient in ideas to arrive at even a working hypothesis.’
She liked him so very much.
Once more, her silence was taken for dismissal, and he came to his desk, easing himself into the leather of his chair – still in pain from the torments he had suffered. She turned away, stepping to the window and letting the curtain open, shielding her eyes. Joanna Martindale and Milton Hale strode about the courtyard with affectionate ease, stopping momentarily to gaze at one another, Joanna placing her head on his shoulder before setting off again. Charlotte and Victoria kept a respectful distance and followed. 
Grace Kendal watched them with a smile and stopped to raise her face to a dark sky – a sudden surprise as she caught sight of her standing at the window. She saw Grace’s shoulders lift with mounting affection, a hand raised in greeting, mirrored by her own. 
Grace spent a moment smiling avidly at her before letting her gaze fall away, returning to her stroll with a new vigour. 
She let her hand fall. She had no-one, no family. Their remnants were taken by time and earth.
She watched the figures below and considered; the accord she had wrought with Joanna, the affinity she held with Grace. 
The admiration she shared with James. 
Staring at her pale hands, hands that had known so much death and so little tenderness, she turned to find James leaning on his palm, face set in resignation.
All the family she had left was here, if only for a while.
The harder we labour, the greater the reward, daughter
Perhaps some respite from the cares of the world. 
She sat opposite James and folded her cold hands about his, tasting his surprise, seeing hope kindle in his eyes. She would not deny him, it would cost her nothing and give so much.
‘So, Mr. Dalton,’ she licked her lips and for once smiled with full sincerity, showing her teeth. 
‘Where do we begin?’



Author’s Note



Evelida Grey was born in the kingdom of Northumbria in late Anglo-Saxon England during a time of rapid change. Largely untouched by Viking raids, her home town of Alnwick in Northumbria had known such forays in the time before her birth. Her father, Adam, earned the respect and admiration of the townsfolk he so courageously defended, as did her mother, Hilda, who mourned him with her daughter after his death. The patronymic ‘Grey’ would almost certainly not have been used, referring to Eve as ‘Evelida of Alnwick’, although her father’s grey eyes, in stark contrast to her daughter’s shimmering blue, might have earned the surname.
Brought up in the Christian faith that helped unify the ancient kingdoms of her homeland into what became England and having no explanation for the changes made upon her by the relic, Eve, believing herself damned by an outsider spirit, left her home and travelled extensively in the world, fighting for an idea of divine redemption in the First Crusade and seeking clues to her existence in ancient and forbidden texts in the Orient. Eventually, she would discard faith in favour of fledgling sciences, as a more likely explanation of what she had become. 
Being infertile, Eve experienced curtailing of cellular apoptosis and senescence – programmed cell-death and ageing – making her biologically immortal until such a time comes when her genetic sequence might be taken from her. Should that day arrive, she would have a terrible decision to make – another species might arise to become the dominant life-form on Earth, displacing humanity at a stroke.

London in the early 19th century was growing – and fast. Anglican Protestantism, a less conservative faith than most of Europe knew, enabled a liberal progress and sharing of ideas; and a steady supply of fuel in the ‘Island of Coal’ drove the industrial revolution faster in England than anywhere else. Immigration, particularly after the unions of Scotland and Ireland, drew migrant workers that swelled the population, in both advantageous profit and crime. The class system, still rigidly adhered to by the aristocracy and gentry, played a ‘zero-sum game‘ – the rich enhancing their wealth largely to the disadvantage of the poor and creating more criminals in the process. 
The Resurrection Men found a desperately profitable seam in the taking of the dead from the earth, and as the demands of the anatomists went up, so they took to murder to drive their trade – men like poor Blythe were indeed drugged and drowned to death, their teeth torn out for the dental surgeons to make into dentures for the more affluent members of society.
Jacob’s Island did and does exist, though far grimmer in 1802. Horsely viaduct and tunnel, I’m sad to say, don’t – only as a plot device for Evelida Grey to reveal herself as something more (or less) than human before James Dalton’s wondering eyes.

James Dalton was a pioneer in his time. His ideas on human parasitism, the fledgling germ theory over miasma theory that would not be accepted until 1880, and hygiene marked him as a free-thinking visionary and radical – traits that attracted Evelida Grey’s attention as someone who might one day unlock the secrets of her physiology. He was a shy student who trained (as so many first-rate physicians did) at the University of Edinburgh, falling prey to bullies and tyrants and finding a certain ‘darkness’ in himself and a skill with swords that brought a semblance of control to his life, especially so after his parents’ deaths. Despite his comparable youth, Eve found a comforting solidarity in him that brought them closer – someone who would not only accept her uniqueness without prejudice but yearn to know so much more. In times when superstitions did their best to explain the nature of the world, people like James Dalton were few and far between, and though she would try and spare him the pain of her reality, her lingering humanity keeps alive the desire for companionship. At this point in her long life, Dalton is one of the truest friends she has known, and they have much to learn from one another.

Michael Leary – ’Fleet’ to those who knew him best – earned a living along the banks of the River Liffey in Dublin, the waterway that nurtured Ireland’s centre of trade and industry and the second-largest city (after London) in the British Empire. After the Irish rebellion of 1798, coming so soon after the French Revolution, the Act Of Union of 1800 unified Ireland with England and Scotland, designed to enforce stability between those loyal to the crown and those pressing for an independent Ireland. Much of the union was imposed by martial intervention – matters of faith proving irreconcilable – leading to outbreaks of violence and calls for increasing subjugation of Fleet’s homeland. Being an independent-minded young man with a talent for charm and an eye for valuables, Fleet found himself drawn to larcenous pursuits against those he saw as invaders, not resorting to violence but having no objection stealing from the rich minority in his quest for personal liberty and happiness. These characteristics he took to London on escaping the hangman, having pushed his luck (as he had a tendency to do) a little too far. He represents those roguish characters on the fringe of society – not evil, but pushing the frontiers of judicial inequality to their own ends – that Eve finds such fellowship with.

Near the upper echelons of London Society lives Eve’s ally, Grace Kendal. The dowager widow defied the conservatism of the time, refusing to leave her dead husband’s country seat or remarry, having experienced the great love of her life and determined to provide a legacy of her own acumen and experience to young women making their way in a patriarchal society. Eve, inevitably, experienced great admiration for an ‘elder’ of her class, who could hold her own through manipulation and sheer wit. What perhaps is not made clear is Grace’s growing realisation that there is something not entirely natural about her new friend – far beyond Eve’s uncanny guile and capability. Yet Grace’s insight and discretion lead her to keep her opinions to herself, earning Eve’s admiration many times over, the term ‘sister’ not given lightly, finding Grace’s company going far beyond mere friendship. 

Momentous changes are imminent in both Europe and the Americas, the latter somewhere Eve has yet to travel, deciding to let the fledgling United States settle into a period of independent calm after the separation from it’s ‘mother country’. Yet the need to leave her old life behind as her agelessness continues to attract unwanted attention soon finds her lucent gaze falling on the New World and the unknown curiosities that await her . . .



Praise for the Series



‘Truth be told, have not been able to put it down!’


‘The author touches on the still relevant juxtaposition of humanity vs inhumanity and science vs religion with grace and eloquence. If you love vampire stories then this is a must read!’


‘I loved the author’s take on the origins of vampyrism and thought it really well thought out and unique.’


‘A gripping read. Can’t wait for the next one.’


Kindle Readers



Books In This Series



Nocturne Solus Vampire

Born in Anglo-Saxon England, Evelida Grey absorbs the essence of a race of long-dead blood-drinkers. Biologically immortal and with superhuman abilities, after centuries of grief and loss, the beautiful vampire engages those with eyes to see as she tries to understand her place in the world.


Nocturne: Heretic

In the dark, gothic streets of Victorian London, a killer has come. A poor streetwalker is found brutally slain, the circumstances of her death bringing horror to the great city.

And a name is whispered, a curse to blight the streets of Whitechapel: Jack the Ripper.

As more deaths ensue, each more dreadful than the last, the world holds its breath as London’s Police race to find the killer. Through the dark, labyrinthine streets of Whitechapel, a detective, haunted by his past, wields law and outlaw both in his hunt for the villain.

And the beautiful young woman, a fleeting shadow at the edge of his pursuit, holds a deadly secret, her motivation unclear, and whose presence may yet lead to his destruction.

Evelida Grey, immortal vampire, has met her match . . . one she may not win.


Nocturne: Evolutions

Cursed with eternal life, superhuman vampire Evelida Grey threads her way through years of desolation, from medieval England to the divided nations of Renaissance Europe, seeking answers to her strange existence.


Featuring characters from Nocturne: Resurrection, 'Evolutions' follows the early years of those who walk a treacherous path between life and death. Years of redemption and loss – of immortality and morality.

And the beautiful, deathless woman who touches their world . . .
