Crow’s Peak
Series Primer
And
“Oathbound” preview


By Jim Avelli


Copyright Jim Avelli 2021


Smashwords Edition
License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Crow’s Peak is a fantasy series that attempts to embrace Human and Parahuman characters with equal relish and depth. If you’re looking for gallant knights, greedy dragons, evil Orcs and Elves,
look elsewhere.

~~~

“Our world is broken.
Promises made in the old times could not withstand the weight of the years that followed. They gave out, releasing the quiet darkness from behind them and crushing the new life that rooted beneath.
Darkness now is all the prophets, and the stargazers can offer us, but always remember…
One’s eyes adjust to the darkness.”
-Somebody, somewhere.


The Question


I’ve walked a long time in this place.
I’ve seen almost every inch of grass and grove, touched the sun -baked stone of every mountain and smelled the musk of every marsh and every swamp that I could find. I wandered among the sharp rocks of beast-guarded coves and waded in the sand of deserts whose names are lost in deepest history. In ships of iron and wood, I’ve crossed the ocean and been lulled to sleep by her waves on more nights than I can count, some dark and misty shore waiting for me at her far edge.
Such nights have also brought me out of wilder places and into the chiseled, bustling brickwork of cities. I’ve walked the paved streets of the great burgs and drank with their coarsest folk, from lofty Shan-Zhora to forbidden T’Arjek, and all the humble towns in between. I’ve stopped to read in the dim libraries of mad wizards and the teachers of commoners’ children alike. I’ve sat at the side of judges who pronounce death upon innocent people, and I’ve seen the bags of coins that were paid.
What about conflict, you might ask.
Sadly, yes. I’ve gone to war as well.
I’ve put on the armor and crests of countries that are long since fallen and slew their enemies alongside native daughters and sons. We sometimes came back proudly as heroes, sometimes as shameful oppressors. I’ve also sat at the table for supper with the grieving ones that war left behind and cried with them at the crudest of burials and most lavish pyres the dead’s money could buy.
You might think all this wandering a frivolous distraction, a game maybe. You’d be partly right, but there is a reason that I rarely rest my head more than a few nights in one place.
There’s a problem that I need to solve, and I don’t yet know how.
The story that wraps around this problem also slithers through the center of many, many other tales. It’ll take some explaining, but it might help an Astute Reader to know the story that stretches, like the spine of a snake, through all of these other matters, to the problem at its end. It’s a simple question that I’ve been attempting to answer for so many wearying years.

Where did it all go wrong?

1. Ruins

~~~
The bottom of the lake was cold, lumpy with rotted wood and stones that were slick with algae. It was a long way up to the daylight, and Vonja couldn’t quite judge the distance from that murky depth. She shut her eyes as the water stung its way up her nostrils and seeped past the seal at the back of her throat. Her lungs heaved, trying to rid themselves of the tepid water, and choked out what little air she had in reserve. She thrashed and clawed at the coils of seaweed that bound her and tangled her hair, but she was too weak by then. The crabs would be there soon to devour her. They would take their time, and there was nothing she could do to stop them.

~~~

Vonja startled from her sleep, snapping upright in her saddle. Her struth stumbled as her weight shifted but it soon recovered. Something like a cross between an ostrich and a lizard, the struth were sure-footed creatures, even on the worst of terrain.
“I’m sorry. Are we boring you, Von?”
“No.” Vonja said, trying her best to look focused. “No, I’m just overtired. It won’t happen again.”
Vonja’s older sister, Vilye, glared at her from the path.
“See that it doesn’t. Three pairs of eyes are barely enough to spot the bandits on this road. Two will certainly miss something. You were buried alive again?”
Vonja kept her eyes downward as her struth found its way back into the formation, the third of four.
“Drowned.” Vonja said. “I always drown in the dream. I don’t think I’ve ever been buried.”
“Those are the nightmares of a scared little girl. You’re much too old for bad dreams. That’s not you anymore.” Vilye said, flicking a glossy fly from her armor. “So, stay upright and be watchful. I don’t want to be out there any longer than we have to be.”
“It’s alright.” The tall figure that rode in the lead spoke with a calm, measured voice. “I can see enough for all three of us. The road ahead is clear.”
Vonja knew that the Oahk of the mountains had keen vision but Eulias, her guide, was far from his home. With long grey hair tied loosely and skin toned by mountain winds, Eulias didn’t look like one who belonged on the forested coast. As if reading Vonja’s thoughts, her sister spoke up.
“Eulias, maybe you don’t see any hazards because you don’t know what to look for. This isn’t your country, is it?”
“Indeed, it’s not.” Eulias said. “However, I’ve lived here long enough to say with some confidence that I know my way around.”
“I feel so much better.” Vilye grumbled.
Eulias only grinned, evidently impervious to her verbal quills.
Summer had long before retreated up the hills and pulled its damp heat from between the pines in favor of grey days and thin, hesitant rains. To the right of the road, the tree line spanned about as far as one could see and crawled up the towering hills. It blotted the horizon with shrubs and pines that were being gently strangled by wild grape. To the left, a long slope fell downward to the rocky shore. The ocean waves rumbled in the distance and sent salty spray upland to kill anything that might try to bloom there but, high up on the road, the green things were safe.
Vonja lifted her eyes and saw, slowly rising from the misty way ahead, proud walls and the outline of the gate that secured them. It looked to be the entrance to a guarded highway fork from that distance. In a few more steps, the mist parted and showed the real state of things. The gate had long since rotted out of its frame, leaving its great brass hinges to the weeds. The walls had collapsed on either side as the mortar crumbled and released its stone blocks to the welcoming grass below. All that was left of something that once stood as a symbol of strength and resilience was two feeble posts, robed in vines, old enough to have forgotten to fall with their comrades. The rest of the structure had been devoured by the trees, cracked and wrenched open by the merciless vines.
“What’s all this?” Vonja asked.
“An old fort. It doesn’t matter.” Her sister answered.
Eulias slowed his struth down from the front and nodded toward what was left of the walls.
“Emerick’s Gate. That’s what it was called many years ago.” He said.
The slightly mournful tone got Vonja’s attention.
“It was a fort, or some kind of outpost?”
“A fort.” He said. “Built over the road to keep pirates from using it for their business, since the harbor is so near. It was eventually lost and never taken back because the city is not so near.”
“What happened?”
“It still doesn’t matter.” Vilye said.
“A long time ago, a gang of highwaymen decided that Emerick’s Gate would be an ideal ambush point for them. So, they stole an infant from a village nearby and left it on the fort’s doorstep in the small hours of the night.”
Vilye looked as if she were about to cut in with some sharp comment, but she stayed quiet, tightening the straps on the sword harness that hung from her struth. Eulias waited to see if she would interrupt.
She didn’t.
“They heard the child’s cries and, when they opened the doors, the highwaymen shot the guards and cleared the way for the rest of their comrades to head in. All the people inside the fort were killed that night and the fort was lost. It was almost a week before anyone knew.”
“That’s horrible.”
“That’s war.” Vilye grumbled.
Vonja’s face twisted in revulsion.
“No, it isn’t. Cold murder and killing in war are two different things! Vi, you of all people should understand that.”
“If you say so. Not that you would know.” Vilye said. “How many died, Eulias?”
“I don’t recall the exact number. Thirty or forty altogether, but their numbers counted for nothing since they were killed in their sleep. They were also, for the most part, untrained commoners, collected and armed but not really prepared. This is how the highwaymen killed them so easily.”
“Cowards.” Vonja hissed.
“Fault the bandits if you like.” Eulias conceded. “But it may have been the pillaging of the countryside by foreign mercenaries that made them so desperate, mercenaries that were hired by the crown to fight off some other threat. In a way, you could say that the city created its own bandit problem. But, back to the story. So, the highwaymen made this their home, blocked the road, and covered all the trails that lead here. Quiet, hidden and so close to the port, it was a nice investment. For a while.”
“What happened to them?” Vonja asked.
“Too much success gave away their position. They’d heard that king’s army wanted them, and they quit the fort for their safehouses and deeper forests. A manhunter was brought in to track them. He didn’t disappoint. He found them in short order and send word back to the city. We then went into their safehouses and into their forests and dragged most of them to the gallows. After that, our hunter retired here.”
“Who was this hunter? What kind of man was he?”
“Be patient. Maybe you can ask him yourself.”
The decaying remains Emerick’s Gate can put a strange image in a traveler’s mind, as if that old highway hated to be disturbed, as if one were intruding on something cruel and set in its ways, something that didn’t want visitors. I never got to see Emerick’s Gate in its pristine state myself, but I can well imagine that it would have suited a bandit well.
Eulias rode on, unaffected by the gloom of the ruins, but his companions slowed in somber respect. Before long, the path turned away from the shoreline. It wound upward into the hill and began to fade, eaten away at the edges by ragged weeds and drooping grasses. Clumps of knotted vines embraced the carcasses of long dead trees, quietly savoring their centuries old victory and reaching, always reaching outward for new conquests. Further up the path, the vines rose into the shape of a low fence and framed a handwritten sign with their knotted fingers.
Eulias looked down at the crooked little sign and smiled.
Plague House
Danger of Infection
Road Closed
“Good. This is it.” He said, looking back to his companions. “I told you, I know my way around.”

2. Mirth and Malice

From the hook on his saddle, Eulias lifted the spear that he’d brought with him from his home in the mountains. The head of it caught Vonja’s eye and she tilted herself in the saddle to get a better look. It was one more thing that marked him as a foreigner in those rainy hills since Deep Iron, made from the bones of creatures far elder than any forests or hills that Vonja could name, was a rare sight even to traveling merchants. The more common javelins he carried looked to be carved from straight boughs that he found while travelling and tempered over a campfire. The spear’s grey point bit easily into the wood of the little sign and Eulias forced the gate open.
As the vines pulled tight and snapped one by one, Vonja looked up the hillside and marveled at a tree that seemed far too tall, and lorded over far too much territory, to be anything natural.
“What’s up there, Eulias?”
He finished shoving the gate aside and glanced upward, taking a moment to think or to remember something.
“Well, last time I was here she was a scrawny little thing, that maple.” He said. “I guess she’s done well for herself. Apart from that, I’m not sure. We’ll find out.”
The path up was not difficult but for its lack of keeping.
When the trees had given way to the open land, Vonja stood in her saddle and looked around at the sprawling fences and property of a vineyard. Trimmed grape vines stood in orderly columns, gnarled from years of growth and harvest, all winding in a spiral up the hill toward the summit. The tree, which Eulias called “Great Oma Maple” stood tall and proud, with her massive branches spreading cool shade over her columns of adopted children. At the maple’s feet, a figure sat reclined on the porch of a little cabin, bluish smoke rising from his pipe and sailing off on the breeze.
“Someone’s there.” Vonja said.
Eulias grinned slightly.
“Indeed. You see him too? That’s good, so I know he’s not a vengeful ghost waiting for me.”
Vilye scoffed quietly.
“Leave many vengeful ghosts behind you, Eulias? Unfinished business has a way of catching up.”
“I don’t think so.” Eulias said and his brow wrinkled. “Maybe just some highwaymen and some boorish young nobles who test my patience.”
For a moment, the air around Vilye crackled with fresh ire and it seemed like she might take the bait. She settled back in her saddle and rode on.
Vonja softly nudged the sides of her struth with her bootheels and gave her sister a wry smirk as she passed. Vilye continued to smolder all the way up the hill.
Near the top, Vonja got a better look at the cabin that kept Great Oma company. She noted the set of antlers mounted above the door along with some other hunter’s tools scattered around the porch and the man who sat among them looked very much at home in his dirt-smeared coveralls.
He was Lupine, that hardy breed of explorers and trackers whose ancestors were the grey and russet wolves of the oldest forests and he represented his breed very well. Much of the brown and black of his coarse fur had given way to grey but it still sat thickly around his neck and broad shoulders. His ears pointed straight up and were tipped by many bare slashes of scar tissue, like pale spires on a crown fit for a king of beggars.
Most Humans distrusted the beastfolk at that time, especially since most ordered society was held in place by human hands. It was said that they, especially the Lupines, cultivated wicked intellects in the greener years of the world and they devised speech of their own without the help of elder, wiser creatures. This isn’t precisely true, but it’s close enough to the real story to inspire suspicion and wariness around Lupine clans that would follow them for generations.
The Lupine that sat on that porch looked to be a simple farmer, having a smoke after a day of work that left him dusted with soil and slouching from wear, but there was something in his shifting yellow eyes that upset the humble image. His face and his eyes were ringed with grey, like an old dog but those eyes quickly darted from Eulias, to Vonja, then to Vilye as if he were accounting for their strengths and their limitations. It was then that Vonja’s eyes settled on the rifle that sat upright next to him, very worn but clean and probably primed.
Vilye got down from her ride and stepped forward, taking command of the situation early on.
Her struth clawed nervously at the soil.
“Captain Rouka Maladan, of the Senate’s Fifth Dragoon.” She accused.
The Lupine said nothing, but his eyes were locked on her.
“I’ll take that silence as a ‘yes’. You’re being summoned back to the field on urgent business. You’ll have until tomorrow morning to prepare. Do you need any special accommodations for travel?”
Still, he didn’t respond except to take a long pull from his pipe.
He eyed the two-handed sword that hung from Vilye’s saddle from behind the blue smoke that ran slowly upward from his lip.
Vilye glared at him then spoke over her shoulder to Eulias. She was careful to keep her eyes on the farmer.
“Does he not speak Corish?”
“He does. Don’t you Rouk?” Eulias asked almost playfully.
Vilye turned back to face the farmer again.
“We will accompany you to the port town of Crow’s Peak. There, you will get orders that are for your eyes only. Is this matter clear as I’ve explained it?”
Rouk took a moment to savor the last of his pipe, watch the last embers burn out, then he lifted his eyes and looked at Vilye as a child might look at strange puzzle.
“Not really, no.” He said.
“What is it that you don’t understand?” Anger was pushing grit into Vilye’s voice, but she restrained it well.
“A few things.” Rouk said.
He took a breath and a moment to put his thoughts together.
“Firstly, I don’t understand how you think you can ‘summon’ someone back to an army that cast them out. As a common land-owner, I don’t have to be summoned anywhere. Nextly, you also can’t call someone back to the ‘Senate’s Dragoon’, since it was the King’s Dragoon when I left it. That’s two different outfits. Lastly, I don’t understand how there could be orders waiting for me in Crow’s Peak because I’m no longer under the city’s command. I don’t get orders from men in robes anymore, the chief bailiff made that very clear last time we spoke.”
Vilye turned her stance, clearing the way to her saddle, to her sword.
Rouk shifted his weight in the chair, settling closer to his rifle.
“It’s quite a riddle you’ve got there.” He said. “How do you command someone who can’t be commanded? Let me know how it turns out.”
Vonja spoke up sheepishly from behind.
“Maybe you should let someone else do the talking, Vi. I don’t think-”
“Your orders come from the Senate now!” Vilye said, speaking to Rouk but not looking at him. “The king was deposed over a year ago. Didn’t you hear?”
“I did, actually. Hanged, was he?”
“No. Exiled. As for his advisors, war council and other henchmen, they were hanged.”
“So, the boy king was replaced by a senate?”
“He was.”
“Ah. And this new Senate asked you to come and find me?”
“They did.”
“A job well done, I guess. But I get the feeling that you didn’t find me all on your own. You, the tall one in the back.” Rouk said, craning his neck to see over Vilye’s shoulder.
Eulias raised an eyebrow.
“Did you bring these war-mongers onto my land? I’ll ask you kindly to remove them.”
Eulias smiled when he answered.
“I may bear some responsibility for their appearance here, yes.”
Rouk sneered.
He watched Eulias dismount and approach.
Eulias spoke gently.
“However, I’m not their leader. They don’t have to listen to me or heed my advice. Keep that in mind as you provoke them. They act of their own accord.”
“I think I will.” Rouk said with a narrow stare aimed at Vilye. “While you’re here, my friends, would you mind scraping out the goat pen. It’s getting rather shitty in there.”
Vilye pulled slowly at the sword she’d brought, freeing it over the length of two breaths that calmed her anger. It was about shoulder height on her, straight bladed with no cross-guard and adorned only with a runic inscription near the hilt. The name Faith was spelled out in deep slashes in the pit of its fuller. The rest of it was not made to be admired but only for the grimmest of business.
Eulias smiled, watching.
“Rouk?”
Rouk looked up at him.
“When she kills you, can I have your wine cellar?”
Rouk’s stark expression softened.
A strange grin began to curl itself up. Then he threw his head back and laughed until his lungs rattled.
Eulias went forward.
Rouk stood up, hopped down the two steps of his porch, and wrapped his arms around Eulias like he was a brother thought lost.
Eulias’ bearing was still rather stoic, but he seemed pleased. Rouk, on the other hand, laughed richly and kissed his friend on the cheeks. That’s something also said about Lupines, they hold nothing back be it mirth or malice.
Vonja smiled as well, infected by the joyous reunion that she watched. When Rouk had squeezed the shoulders of his friend long enough, he stepped back.
“Eulias, I’m glad you came down from your shiny tower to mingle with the ploughmen. The Oahk can be so snooty sometimes.”
“You haven’t sniffed by backside yet, how do you know it’s really me?” Eulias said, dryly.
Rouk laughed again. Not as hard as the first time, but still like a child, as if that moment were all that mattered.
“Sir!” Vonja interrupted from behind.
Rouk slowly got his excitement under control. Vonja had also come down from her struth and approached Rouk slowly.
“Sir, you’ll have to forgive us for intruding and for crossing your fence without permission, but to contact you in any other way was not safe. The Senate has some business with you and they need you in Crow’s Peak as soon as possible, but you have a right to hear more before setting with us. There isn’t much we can tell you, but we wouldn’t have you ride off in ignorance either. Can we come inside and speak about it at least? It’ll be dark soon and I really don’t want to deal with Mist Men tonight. Do you?”
Rouk furrowed his brow and looked the group over.
Vilye had put her sword back in its harness and crossed her arms as she waited. Vonja stayed in front of Rouk, keeping his attention.
Rouk turned his pipe over and tapped out the spent ash.
The scent was warm and welcoming, like newly dried wood in a fireplace. He let out a long breath and nodded back toward his door.
“Fine. Come in. Wine or ale?”

3. Kindling

Warm lamplight pushed waves of orange and gold across the inside of Rouk’s cabin, leaving little pools of shadow in the cracks and chips of the boards. His three visitors had found their places around the table while Rouk opened the first bottle of the evening and found some good bread to go with it. Vilye leaned her sword up in the corner and took a place at the far end of the table, as if she were sitting down to lead some kind of debate. In the interest of goodwill, she offered up some of her rationed cheese and dried meat to the table as well. While Rouk was looking through his pantry, Eulias made himself quite at home. Vonja was the only one of the three that had a difficult time settling down.
Her eyes wandered the place, from the rack of glossy wine bottles to the old cavalry saber that hung on the wall, from tree roots serving temporarily as roof beams to an officer’s helmet with a single circular hole in the front, the size of a rifle shot. Of all the curios that littered the cabin, it was the shelf of books that held her eye the longest. She squinted at them from afar, trying to read the titles but she was still just a bit too coy to go exploring. It wasn’t until Rouk turned his back and started lighting his hearth that she finally found the nerve to approach his books.
She found volumes bound in leather and fabric, old and worn, crisp and new, lumped together in no discernable order. Collections of poetry, local legends, monsters, myth, all sat a row on the shelf without a sign of dust or neglect.
“You want some? Take ‘em.” Vonja heard from the fireplace.
She turned to see Rouk blowing over some embers, nurturing a tiny flame that he’d kindled. He must have been watching.
“Oh, no. I couldn’t.” She said, recoiling from the bookshelf like a bashful child.
“I’ve read them all, a few times by now. At least take one. I could use some extra space.”
Turning back to the shelf, Vonja ran her fingertips over the spines. Cool leather alternated with cloth under her skin. Some of the author’s names were familiar but there were a few that she hadn’t heard of. In the end she chose something familiar and comfortable, a collection of work from a long-dead poet that she knew well. Rouk watched from over his shoulder, silently approving her choice.
When the fire had matured, Rouk took another bottle from the rack and joined his guests at the table. The fire filled in the gaps that the lamps couldn’t reach.
Vilye wanted to get right to business and was likely prepared to lecture Rouk on the costs of the safety and privilege that he enjoyed, but Eulias stopped her with a clever distraction.
“Rouk, I didn’t see any protective runes or hexes outside.” He said. “Are you not worried about Mist Men showing up in the night?”
Rouk shrugged and filled his cup to the top with ale that was nearly black and frothed very little.
“They don’t come up here for some reason.”
He slid the bottle to the middle of the table.
Nobody reached for it.
“I’ve seen them near the road, by the water and elsewhere in the woods.” He said. “But, I’ve never seen one mount the hill. It’s odd. It doesn’t look like they’re afraid though. Why should Mist Men be afraid of me? Something about my old tree, maybe.”
With the conversation turned to mortal dangers, Vilye sat back and listened like an attentive student. This was more comfortable fare for her.
“Perhaps.” Eulias said. “What about bandits and such? Do you see them around here anymore?”
“Well, I’m sure they still grudge me for tracking them down to their holes and getting so many of ‘em strung-up, but I haven’t heard from them. They’ll probably come looking for me some day, but not yet. All an all, it’s quiet here. So, what do you think?”
“Hm? About?”
“The wine.” Rouk said with a grin. “I made it myself.”
“Are we being honest or tactful?”
“Honest please. We’re all friends here. Well, maybe not that one.”
Vilye showed him something between a smile and a sneer.
Eulias swirled his wine around and looked at the dark sediment that washed up near the rim of his cup.
“Well, it’s not very good. I wouldn’t pay for it. In fact, I’d probably send it back.”
Rouk’s laughter was thin this time, hardly hiding the melancholy underneath. He took a long sip of his own ale before he spoke again.
“No. No it’s not, is it? I have yet to get anything good from this land.” He said, looking away with his mind adrift near shores that might have been gloomy or half-forgotten by then.
“The barons that lord over the trade routes used this hill as a dumping ground for years before I bought it. Maybe that’s why. Bad soil. Or maybe, I’m just a shit wine-maker. I don’t drink it anyways, wine makes me sick. I prefer to worship at the temple of beer.”
Rouk leaned back in his chair and watched a lamp sway, forcing the shadows on the table to dance to its rhythm.
“You regret your decision to stay here? I know it wasn’t entirely your choice, but you could have left.” Eulias probed gently. “The port isn’t far. You could have hired a ship and gone anywhere.”
“Do I regret it? Sometimes. Sometimes I think I’d like to go back and cut a better deal for myself, but it’s too late for that. I’ve dug my hole, now I have to lay in it.”
He took another long sip, spilling a bit down the front of his chin. He wiped it off with the back of his hand.
“Were I to throw me back in time, and break fate’s iron rule, I’d kick the young me in the arse for growing up a fool.” Rouk said with his cup raised. “To some poet that drank himself to death, I can’t remember the name.”
“Really?” Vonja said, smiling. “Captain, I didn’t figure you one for barstool limericks.”
“You’d be surprised at just how low the brow can get when I’m invited to the party. And, I’m nobody’s captain anymore. I like it that way.” He said after another greedy sip.
“Don’t underestimate Rouk’s immaturity,” Eulias said. “He fancies himself a king of wasted potential.”
“Aye.” Rouk’s face grew dim, shadowed from more than just the lamp. “Maybe I would do it differently if I could go back. But that’s something that no one can do, not even those batshit-crazy stargazers in the city.”
“But, it might be just that chance that we’re offering you.” Vilye pushed her way into the conversation, unable to wait any longer.
“The Senate doesn’t expect you to come out of retirement for free.” She said. “No one would. They’ll pay you for your work and grant you some land nearer the city as well. You could start a new vineyard, if that’s what you want. Or sell it and travel on the profits. This might be the second chance you’ve wanted, Captain. Don’t waste it.”
“You’re too headstrong for this kind of task, little one,” Eulias said to her with a sideways glance. “If Rouk wants to hear your offer, he’ll ask. Until then…”
“No, Eulias.” Rouk said, swatting the comment away like a fly. He also slurred his friend’s name just a little.
“It’s alright. I’ve let the tension build long enough. Spin me a tale, my good traveler and forgive me for wasting time. What does Veress City want from me?”
“I’ve told you already. The Senate is calling you back to the Dragoon.”
“Why?”
“The details of your assignment are for you, not for me. Come with us to Crow’s Peak and you’ll find out. We can leave tomorrow.”
“It’s a secret, is that it? I’m coming out of retirement for a secret mission for king and country? What hack of a storyteller dreamed this up? I don’t believe you.”
Rouk’s words started to slow, and the crispness started to roll off of the consonants. He also seemed to have a little trouble keeping his head balanced on top of his neck. The cup he’d poured himself was empty.
“I assure you this is not a joke or a test. The senate needs you for something and I have the task of bringing you to the place they deem safe to talk about it. There may be a very real threat to deal with.”
“Then you can, um, very really tell me what they want. I don’t deal in secrets, not anymore. Fuck all of that.”
Eulias pushed his cup aside and leaned onto the table, looking Rouk closely in the eye.
“They need you to find someone, Rouk. A spy has gone missing and the trail is cold. If he’s alive, the Senate wants him back.”
“What?” Vilye shot Eulias an angry glare. “They told you?”
“They trust me.”
Vilye banged both palms on the table and stood up, sending her chair skittering backward. She glared hard at Eulias.
“They told you, but kept it from my sister and me? Why? We’re the ones that would be going into danger! You’re job was to find us our tracker! That’s your only part in this!”
“I’m Rouk’s closest comrade.” Eulias answered, unmoved by Vilye’s fury. “We’ve been through enough together that the Senate felt sure that I could persuade him to join us. If you could be more patient, I might still succeed. Also, I’ll be going with you.”
“With us? To Crow’s Peak?”
“Sooth. And, all the way back to the city, if I need to. It was made my personal responsibility to see that everyone gets home alive. That includes the both of you.”
Vilye eased her stance a bit. Some of the outrage left her eyes, replaced by suspicion that left them smoldering like coals.
“Why should your Senate mind if we get home alive or not? We’re foreigners. We’re here on loan.”
“Because one particular Senator knows your family from older days. He’s a friend of your father’s and he would rather not send you home to your family in a box.”
“What Senator? Who are you talking about?”
“I’ve been asked not to say. Right now, does it really matter? I’m with you to see this task done and then to get you and your sister home alive. Is that not enough for you?”
Vilye held Eulias under her stare for a while, coming to terms with the new bump in the road. She slid her chair back up to the table and sat down with an angry thump.
“We’ll talk more on this later.” She said, low and slowly.
“I know we will.”
“A spy’s missing?” Rouk slurred. “That’s not uncommon, they get killed all the time. It’s a chump’s job.”
Eulias turned slowly back to Rouk, taking a minute to collect his thoughts.
“Agreed, but this particular one had some very valuable information for Veress City’s war council. He was looking into some new weapons that the Oahk Empire has brought into the field. Tensions have cooled recently, but we’re still at war, you know.”
“Yes, I know. What do you mean ‘new weapons’?”
“Vicious creatures, Rouk. Tall as siege towers and impervious to our arms. No one knows where they came from, or how they’re being controlled but they came forth from the Empire’s shores and have driven us back every time they appear. So far, none have stood against them.”
“Pfft! Batshit!” Rouk scoffed as if the idea was so absurd that he found it offensive. “I heard some of that talk from a merchant in town days on days ago. It’s spread by the Empire to scare people. There are no monsters in this war but the greedy bastards what run it!”
“No, Rouk. They’re real.”
The sincerity of Eulias motionless stare cracked through Rouk’s cynicism.
“You saw one?” He asked.
“No, but I saw what it left in its wake, washed up in Yhorm’s Bay.”
“That’s far South of here. What were you doing down there?”
“Skirmishing with the Empire’s mercenaries.”
Eulias leaned back, assuming the posture of a storyteller about to ply his trade.
“I had about two dozen riders with me, harrying the edges of their force while they moved. Mostly, we were meant to test the strength of their traveling formations and find weak spots. It was going well until we reached the bay.”
“What happened?” Rouk asked eagerly.
“One of my scouts spotted some sailors near the beach, stranded apparently. I knew their flag as Gandeli, allies of Veress City.”
“The Farmer Kings? They’re in this as well?”
“They are. And their navy had a flag ship, armored, covered in cannons, and crewed by some of the hardest fighters I’ve ever known. Their captain, Gildenlo, was known far and wide for both fairness and ferocity.”
“Gildenlo? You’re talkin’ about the Scarred Bull?”
“I am.”
“I’ve seen that ship. It’s like a floating, fuckin’ fortress. Was it taken by the Oahk?”
“No, scuttled and left to run ashore. Not far from the beach, in the shallows, I saw what was left of it.”
Rouk just stared, his eyes wide.
“The Scarred Bull was nearly torn in half, it’s armor shredded, and its belly opened like a fish at the market. I asked the survivors what kind of beast could do it, but they said it was no natural thing. They told me it was something else, like a serpent covered in hard scales that scraped at the ship’s hull like a mason’s chisel, jaws that bit through its armor like teeth through skin. All their stories agreed, so I believe them. This serpent, it felled an armored warship on its own, then it vanished into the deeps once the work was done. I abandoned my own mission to bring the survivors and their story to the city, to the war council.”
“Alright, we’ll assume that these sailors were speaking truth. How do you know this thing is under Imperial control? How could it be done?”
“The Bull was engaged in a fight with some of the Empire’s corsairs when the thing showed itself. They told me that the serpent wrecked Gildenlo’s ship and left the corsairs alone. As for ‘how could it be?’, I’m ashamed to say that the Empire’s understanding of ritual sorcery has opened many new doors for them, doors that even I would be too afraid to approach.”
Silence fell, stifling any half-hearted comments or questions for long moment.
Rouk stared down into the table as he thought. He shook his head and rubbed his eyes, as if trying to loosen his drink’s hold on him. It was like something that Eulias said scared him enough that he would rather be sober to face it.
“I’d heard rumors. I hoped they weren’t true. So, what is it that you expect me to do about it?” He asked.
“Come with us to Crow’s Peak,” Eulias said. “Baron Fenton, the town’s keeper, he knows we’re coming. We’ll get whatever information we need about this spy and see what’s to be done. If we’re already too late, we just bring confirmation of his death back to the city and our job is done. If he’s among the living, deserted or imprisoned, we find a way to get him back to the senate alive.”
“I’m retired. I read and I grow fucking grapes. That’s my war now, the war against weeds and the goddamn animals that strip the leaves from my fucking vines. I’m not a manhunter anymore. I’m too old anyways, eyes are too dull. My nose can’t pick up half the scents it used to. I’m still a decent shot with a rifle, but not much else. Check with the city’s outriders for a tracker, you’ll have better luck there.”
“I did. They’re far too green.” Eulias said. “Besides, this isn’t meant to be a violent affair. If there’s danger, you’ve got two able fighters and one officer at your side. You won’t be going alone, like so many other times. When it’s done, whatever we find, claim your reward and go in peace to your new home, or sell it and drown yourself in ale if you want to. Also…” Eulias paused.
He waited for Rouk to lift his eyes.
“You would be allowed back into the city a free man. A citizen.”
Rouk seemed to straighten up just a little.
“My criminal record?”
“Could be cleared. You could walk into Veress City through the front gates again and no one could stop you. You heart is still there, I think, and some family maybe?”
Rouk lifted his cup but it stopped just short of his lip. Slowly and deliberately, he set it down.
“Am I right?” Eulias asked.
“You are. Maybe not for the reason you think you are, but yes. There’s somebody there. I want to come home.”
“Then, you accept?”
Rouk’s mouth gaped, as if he was about to form a word but it choked him.
Consideration of the risks, the rewards, the complications, and the costs of this venture rooted, sprouted, bloomed, and died all in the space of moments.
Finally, he closed his eyes, and left retirement behind.
“There’s blankets and room enough in here for three. I’ll sleep in the loft. We leave at first light.”

4. Scars

Instead of her recurring dream of the lake, it was newly reawakened fears of the Mist Men that nagged at Vonja’s mind until sunrise. At the very least, dreams of hungry, remorseless creatures bleeding through cracks in the walls was a welcome change to drowning yet again.
The Mist Men were something for even the hardest travelers to be wary of. They hunted only at night, vanishing during daylight hours to someplace unknown and thankfully unreachable. Some folk feared them more than others. Some worshipped them as gods, or the echoes of loved ones lost. For all the varieties of superstition and all the flavors of divine punishment that could be devised by scribes or fiery clergymen, the threat of Mist Men in the night was the only one that skulked on every shore, waited under every child’s bed, and was whispered at sunset in every language. Vonja’s people knew these tales well. Flowing, murky figures rending the flesh of travelers was a common image to be etched on plates of armor and cradles alike.
The sound of a door clattering against its fittings woke her and she sat up.
Vonja saw that both Eulias and her sister had gone. Rouk was also nowhere to be seen in the single room of his cabin. She pulled her arms up over her head in a long stretch. Her breakfast was sparse that morning, made up of some slivers of dried venison, fruit and more cheese. When she finished, she tied her hair up, gathered her things, and went out into the morning chill.
Outside Rouk’s cabin, Vonja’s breath frosted in the air. Gold streaks against pale blue fell through the trees, soon to be choked off by the clouds again. The sound of splashing water snapped her out of her daze, and she turned the corner of the cabin. Rouk stood nude beside a washing basin, scrubbing his face and his mane with fresh water.
In the new daylight, he had the look of someone who enjoyed good fitness in his younger days and now found himself frayed at the edges. Strength could still be seen moving under his autumn colored fur, but the hard lines that would have met between muscles were smoothed out or rounded off. Bending over the wash basin caused his belly to bulge and crease slightly over his hip. His sudden appearance may have startled Vonja, but it was the whip scars across his back that caused her to stare. She saw ten, maybe more, crossing his shoulders and the base of his back in all directions. He stopped when he felt her stare and turned to see her. With his yellow eyes narrow in the morning sun and his mane clumping in wet strings, he had the look of a wild thing as he shook himself dry.
“What’s the matter, never seen a man’s cock before?”
Vonja pulled her eyes from the whip tracks and turned away. She busied her hands with straightening ties, tightening buckles, or picking at threads while she answered.
“I’m sorry, I should have said something. I didn’t mean to sneak up on you.”
Rouk gave a scoff and took his trousers from a tree branch. The awkward silence lived long enough for the water in the basin to grow still while he dressed.
“Nothing to say?” Rouk prodded. “You don’t have to. They don’t flog people in the square anymore, so I don’t expect that you’ve seen many like mine. I was one of the last before public whipping was outlawed. Do they do that, where you’re from?”
“Yes. I’ve seen it. I was little when they made me watch. My uncle though it would be good for me. I wanted to-”
Vonja’s voice jumped ahead of her wits. Then she saw that she had Rouk’s attention, so it was too late to turn back.
“I need to apologize for my sister’s way with words. She means well.”
Rouk went back to tying up his shirt.
“She’s just you’re average, overbearing soldier.” He said. “She’ll go on trying to prove herself to the world, until the day that she realizes that the world doesn’t care how strong you are, or what you get done.”
“There’s a lot of responsibility on her.” Vonja said, taking a few steps closer. Her arms were still full of her traveling gear.
“She’s the first born of five children, so she’s always had to be a leader. She’s had to be strong for us when our father was away. She learned to be fearless, to be bolder than our brothers because of the hard winters and raids on our home. Her own children are brave like she is. I hope to be like her one day myself. That boldness, that fearlessness, I just don’t have it. Like her war scars and stories, I don’t have my own yet. I hope to, someday.”
Rouk looked at her with a little bit of sorrow behind his smile.
“Don’t be in too much hurry to do as the brave do. Most of them, they turn coward just before the end. I’ve seen it lots of times. As for scars, you’ll have yours soon enough. Be patient.”
Vonja sighed, looking a bit downcast as she did.
Rouk pulled a loose hood up over his head then froze, as if he realized that she expected more from him.
“Vonja, courage and fearlessness are two different things. Courage isn’t the lack of fear but doing what you need to do in spite of it. You feel the terror like everyone else, but you don’t let it turn you away. It’s a simple as that, and twice as complicated.”
Rouk tilted his head to look over her shoulder.
“Eulias. Are we almost ready?”
“We are.” Eulias said, walking up the path with their rides in tow. “We’ve got food, water and supplies enough to get us to the next town at least. We’ll have to hit the market in the port, so bring some money.”
“I don’t have much.” Rouk said.
“Get whatever you have. I have some as well. Between us both, we should have enough to get by so long as we don’t stop for entertainment.”
“Right. Back in a minute.”
With that, Rouk stepped back inside his cabin.
Vonja set her things down next to the basin. Her armor, she left tied up on the back of her struth, taking only layered cloth and leather with her. The sword she hooked to her belt was not so grand or fearsome as her sister’s, but it was well-balanced. It was the shield that she was given that stood out, with a tall tree, branches and roots inlaid with silver on lacquered ebony. It was the companion piece to the sword that was made for Vilye and, like that sword, it had a name etched into the metal that ran through its core.
Honor is the word that it wore at the root of its tree.
Faith and Honor for the sisters that were meant to lead their ancestral house and watch over its land. It was a thorny privilege to bear, like a ring with its stones on the inside.
When Vonja was done, she got up into her saddle. Vilye already seemed to be aching for conflict.
“You think this dog is going to find us a missing spy?” Vilye said. “He’s old and fat. We’ll be carrying him after two days on the road, I’ll wager.”
“I’d take that bet, if I was still a gambler.” Eulias said. “You don’t know him like I do.”
“I’ve seen enough of his kind.” She sneered. “Old, fat fighters that wave their flags around from years ago as if they’re still needed. We’re meant to follow him? Why? Because he was lucky enough to survive some strife. So have I. So have we all.”
“Rouk isn’t a- a flag-waver.” Vonja said. “He knows more about this kind of thing than we do. That’s why we need him.”
Vilye just laughed.
In another minute, Rouk came back out.
The old cavalry coat that he wore was weather-beaten and stitched at the shoulder, but it still seemed to fit. The wild mane that surrounded his face was tied back, out of his way and a small traveling bag was slung over his shoulder. A pair of pistols hung from his sides and a long rifle was in his hand. He also hitched a cavalry saber to the side of the extra struth that Eulias had brought. The struth recoiled as Rouk tried to step up into the saddle, forcing him to hop on one foot after it until he finally ended up on his back in the grass.
Vilye just smiled, as if some cosmic force had just proven her point.
Rouk grunted as he got up and he glared angrily at the struth.
“I’ll have no more lip from you, my friend, or you end up on the grill. You might be stringy, but I’m not a picky eater.”
Struth, generally speaking, cannot understand language. This is well known, however there have been accounts of some learning simple commands or remembering the voices of returning companions. Rouk may have reconsidered what he knew about struth intelligence after his comment about the grill got him the dirtiest of dirty looks that he had ever gotten from an animal.
“…okay then.” He said, gently climbing up into the saddle.
With no need to lock the door, and no livestock to care for, Rouk bid a quick farewell to his vineyard. When they reached the foot of the hill, Eulias turned Rouk’s attention to the streaks of sunlight that had sliced through the morning haze and flooded their path with golden light.
“Do you take that as a good omen?” He asked Rouk.
“No.”
“May I ask why?”
Rouk smiled and turned his eyes upward.
“It’s like the gods are painting divine targets on our backs. Stay low.”

5. Smoke

What little sunlight was apportioned to their journey was quickly spent and the sky was choked by slate colored clouds yet again. The rain fell lightly all morning, playing the leaves and pools of the trail like an army of tiny drummers. Along the path that led down the hill from Rouk’s cabin, he meandered and stopped. The rest of them came to a halt and watched Rouk study the landscape. He dismounted and glanced around the path, taking a few sniffs of the windless, muggy morning as he approached the path’s edge.
He took a fat-bladed tracker’s knife from his saddle and seemed to walk straight toward a thick mass of vines as solid as his cabin’s walls. Rouk chose a few specific points and hacked away at the thinnest of the vines. After the fourth or fifth cut, the whole wall dropped like a curtain on a stage. Beyond was a narrow and neglected trail that led further upland.
“This’ll save us some time. Why go ‘round when you can go through?”
“I’m sure that wasn’t there before.” Eulias said. “We came up this way and I didn’t see it.”
“I’ve had a long time to carve out new exits, Eulias. We’ll call that ‘lesson one’ for you young ‘uns.” Rouk looked back at Vonja and her sister. “Always have another way out.”
Vonja nodded.
Vilye was more interested in watching a little mouse fight for its life against a snake in the leaves below. She watched it take bites out of its killer, even on its way down the tightening coils to its doom. Something about it made her smile.
The narrow path that Rouk uncovered took them up a steep incline and further from the shore, up steps of moss coated roots and old, rotting trunks. They reached level grass soon after and found the trampled dirt of the highway soon after that. Rouk turned his ride Northward and pointed with his nose.
“Crow’s Peak is this way. It’ll take us a least another day to get there, longer if this rain picks up.”
“Why should rain slow us down?” Vilye asked.
“It won’t, but muds and floods will. We should go carefully. This stretch of road is well used, but enough rain’ll make it soft. Have you ever seen a mudslide?”
Vilye didn’t answer.
“Don’t have ‘em up North? Well, that heavy armor’ll be the end of you. Come on, then.”
With thick mists drawing around them and a grey sky growing darker, they started their trek toward the port town of Crow’s Peak. Before long, Rouk steered his ride from the formation and pulled an apple from the arm of a tree that overhung the road. The branch snapped loudly backward. It scattered fresh rain along the watery tracks that rutted the sides of the road. Vilye gave him a fierce look, as if to quiet him down. Rouk just shrugged with a chunk of apple between his teeth. So the journey went for another hour or so.
The cold drizzle never quite turned to rain, nor did the sky get any lighter. Such was the average Spring in that country, I remember them well, with long damp days that grew hotter until the Summer sun finally broke through and split the wet fog until the cold eventually wandered back. Most of that old forest would be slashed and burned later in its life to make room for the expanding population, even Great Oma would not be spared the axe, but that’s a story for another time.
Eulias pulled his struth to a slow halt and the others followed. He leaned forward and squinted into the mist.
Rouk rode slowly to his side.
“What is it?”
“In the road ahead. See?”
Eulias didn’t point.
He didn’t need to. Rouk knew the signs.
Falling back into his old habits of reading his companions and expecting the worst, Rouk agreed with Eulias that the dark lump in the distance ahead deserved special attention. Vonja nudged her struth up next to them.
“What? I don’t see anything.”
“You’re not supposed to. Two on each side. Watch the flanks. Eulias?”
“Agreed.”
He and Eulias took to the left side, Vonja and her sister took the right. As they approached the still shape took on more details. Its long legs and claws were familiar, easily recognized as a dead struth that had been left in the road. Rouk slowly drew one of his pistols, making sure to keep it low and pulled the hammer back quietly. They stopped before getting too close to the creature.
“See any wounds?” Rouk asked.
“A small cut on the neck, which shouldn’t be enough to fell something this big.”
“Are those saddlebags?” Vonja said, spotting them from her side.
“If they are, they’re probably cleaned out. Let’s move on.” Rouk said.
“No!” Vilye was quick to assert her dominance. “We have a long ride ahead and we should see if anything useful was left here. Von, have a look.”
Vonja didn’t move.
She glanced doubtfully back at her sister.
“I’ll watch your back.” Vilye said, taking hold of her sister’s reigns.
With little perceived choice in the matter, Vonja got down from her ride and padded softly toward the dead animal. She looked back to be sure that her sister was watching.
Rouk had his pistol out as well, and Eulias got down from his saddle with one of his thin javelins. They all looked with grim silence into the trees and into the shadows between. Vonja felt safe enough to reach for the bags with the tip of her sword. She lifted the flap of the bag that faced up.
The blast was bright and deafening.
The explosive threw a cloud of smoke out in all directions and the damp air glued it in place.
The acrid stink of it burned Vonja’s eyes and the force of it put her on her back. The struths reared, clawing the ground, and hissing like swans.
Stirring in the trees got the groups attention. They faced outward, coughing and glaring through the haze as hooded figures appeared from behind nets of leaves and false tree limbs.
“I fucking knew it!” Rouk shouted.
Slowly, with professional courtesy, the bandits surrounded the smaller group and asked them to dismount. Six in all blocked both sides of the road but only two had firearms. For a long span, everyone stayed still. Vonja rolled onto her front, choking on fumes and rubbing at her eyes. Blood and dirt coated her hands.
The bandits’ faces were covered, but it was clearly a motley mix of folk from all around the countryside. The most impressive of them was a Coldblood, taller and heavier than any two of them combined.
“I can’t see! Rouk!”
Blood ran in a wide streak down Vonja’s face and showed no sign of stopping.
“It’s alright!” Rouk said, trying to keep his voice calm. “Just a hold-up, isn’t it, lads? Can I assume that the old codes still apply? Half of everything that we have, and we can go?”
One of the bandits stepped forward, pulling down a blue scarf. He was Lupine like Rouk, but thinner in the face and around the neck, as one who didn’t eat as well as most.
“Times are harder now.” He spoke in a disarmingly smooth tone and his posture made him look like a duke in an old painting. “All but one, that’s the new code.”
“All but one?”
“Everything you have, but for one of you. Choose wisely who gets to keep their pockets full.”
Vonja staggered to her feet. Vilye got hold of her shoulder and steadied her.
“Good harvest this year.” One of the bandits said.
“I suppose. We’ll see what they have.” Their leader sounded almost like a silk-wrapped politician. “I don’t mean to be rude, but we need to speed this transaction a bit. None of us want to be caught out in the rain, am I right?”
“How many of them?” Vonja asked. “Are we captured?”
Her sister eyed them with disgust.
“No. They’re just petty thieves who picked the wrong quarry today. They’ll be dead soon.”
“No! There’s too many!” Vonja shouted. “Just give them what they want so we can go!”
“I think we should renegotiate.” Vilye growled as she tightened her grip on the sword.
“For once, I agree with you.” Rouk added.
He did the best he could to imitate the pleasing tone of the bandit’s voice.
“I don’t like the terms you offer, good sir. I’ll give you some food and some ale, then you can piss off and hassle someone else. We’ve got things to do today that are more important than gunning down the lot of you.”
“What you’ve got is one pistol between the four of you.” The leader said. “Drop it and we may still let you walk away after you’re looted. I enjoy a good haggle as much as the next man but, as you yourself said, there are more important things to do today.”
“Well…” Rouk said. “I guess I can’t argue with logic.”
“Drop your weapon then.”
Rouk slowly opened his hand and let his weapon fall.
All eyes watched it plummet to the gravel and didn’t notice the one that Rouk had in his other hand.
He fired from the hip, blasting through the tense silence and tore a ragged hole out of the lead bandit’s throat.
The smooth highwayman dropped to his knees, clutching at his neck and choking in the white wake of Rouk’s gunpowder. Rouk’s trick seemed to catch everyone by surprise, as they all did nothing but watch the bandit call silently for help with blood squeezing out from between his fingers. It was only a moment until the other bandits moved in, but it was a moment too late.

6. A Much Lighter Load

Eulias didn’t waste another blink.
He sprang sideways, out of the aim of a bandit’s pistol and let loose his javelin on his way to the ground. It drove through the man’s ribs just under his aiming arm and staggered him. Eulias rolled, splashing in the wagon ruts toward his ride and his other weapons. As the bandit dropped, curling around the wound like an injured snake, he fired on Eulias. The shot was wide, striking only tree bark on the other side of the road. By the time Eulias had another javelin in his hand, the bandit’s lung had begun to collapse around the opening, leaving him breathless and bleeding out quickly.
From somewhere in the acrid haze, the bandit with the second pistol took his shot at Vilye while her attention was elsewhere, but the fright throbbing through the young man’s veins fouled his aim. The shot tore a deep gash in the riveted leather below her breast. The force of it was like a kick to her bones but Vilye didn’t fall. She turned to face him and was promptly shoved back by something big and moving fast. One of their struth, panic stricken and charging, ran into her sword arm and raced off.
The air was nearly opaque now from gunpowder. Rouk dropped to the ground and tried to look beneath the smoke for his pistol. He scraped at the dirt and splashed around pools, finding nothing but water and gravel. He picked his eyes up just as one of the bandits raised a cleaver up over his head.
Rouk’s hand slapped against the smooth metal of a gun barrel. He grabbed hold and swung the butt-end of it like a hammer into the kneecap of his attacker. The man fell, swearing and crying out, and scrambled away from Rouk on his good leg.
Vilye saw that her sister was trying to get up and enter the fray. She shoved Vonja back down by her shoulder.
“Stay out of it!” She grunted, turning back to the figures in the haze.
Vilye squinted into the smoke.
She took a running step, thrusting hard with her sword and driving through the thigh-meat of the nearest fighter. He stared with wide eyes at the blade that transfixed his leg until Vilye gave him a kick to the chest, sliding him from Faith’s grip. The smoke in her eyes stung them closed and she fell to her knees in a fit of coughing.
The biggest of the bandits, the Coldblood took a balanced stance with his big axe and eyed the three that stood against him. He glanced over his shoulder to see his two remaining friends running back to the woods and one hobbling as fast as he could. Rouk reached behind him and swung his rifle forward, lining up his shot eye-to-eye with the big man.
Eulias had another javelin ready and Vilye got up and stood at his flank.
“You’re alone mate, and you picked the wrong crew for yourself.” Rouk said.
The other bandits were gone.
The brute shifted his eye from Eulias, to Rouk, then to Vilye.
Rouk thumbed back the hammer of his rifle.
“You can walk away or be dragged. It doesn’t make much difference to us.”
The big one leveled his glare at Rouk and let out the breath he’d been holding.
“I’ll walk, if it’s all the same to you.”
The Coldblood dropped his axe.
Rouk lowered his rifle.
“On your way then.” Eulias said.
The Coldblood bandit turned away and walked to the tree line, his natural coloring allowing him to disappear within the brush without much effort.
“Captain!” Vilye grumbled.
Rouk looked her way.
“Next time you plan on blinding us with smoke, you should get-” Vilye began to slouch and then leaned on her sword.
Rouk got to her side and helped her stay upright.
“Get off me. I’m fine.”
Her face twisted and she grabbed at her right side.
Rouk watched her reach under her rolled leather and then pull her hand out, bright red and freely dripping. Vilye fell to a knee. 
Before he could lift her, Vilye shook off Rouk’s grip and stood herself back up.
“As much at it grates on you Vilye,” Eulias said. “You’re going to have to let us help you.”
“Not needed. Go and see to my sister. I can bind this myself.”
“Good.” Rouk snorted.
He found Vonja crouched on the ground wiping blood from her face and he sat down next to her.
“Are you alright?”
“I’ll live.” She said as she blotted her eye with a piece of her sleeve that she’d cut off.
“I was afraid that I was blinded by that trap. Something hit me in the face and the blood got in my eyes, that’s all.”
“Let me see.” Rouk said.
Vonja lifted her face and showed Rouk a slash, high up on her forehead. The blood had slowed, but it still ran brightly.
“Probably from a piece of the explosive they used. I doubt it was intentional.”
Rouk reached up to Vonja’s face and, before she could react, he pulled the cut into the wan daylight, turning her face with it.
She yelped and slapped his hand away.
“Not as bad as it looks.” He smiled. “You’re lucky you didn’t lose an eye. Clean it and cover it, and you’ll be fine.”
Rouk stood up, looked through his pockets and found some gauze and twine. He handed Vonja the lot. She got started right away blocking the bleed.
“So, there’s the scar you wanted so badly. How do you feel?”
She folded the gauze up into a triangle and pressed it over the wound, which forced out a fresh flow over her face before it stopped.
“Not nearly as exciting as a bard’s tale.”
“They never are.”
Vilye stood up, leaning on her sword again.
“Vi, are you hurt?” Vonja asked, jumping to her feet when she noticed.
“A scrape. That’s all. I’ll be fine.”
Vonja tried to help but her sister refused, straightening herself up and looking around for her ride. It was then that they noticed that all but one of their struth had fled during the fight.
“Stupid fucking birds!” Rouk hissed as he gathered up his weapons. “Shout at them all day and they just stare at you. One gunshot, and the bolt like rabbits!”
“It was a few shots, to be fair. We’ll have to try and keep the shooting to a minimum then. It looks like we only have one left.” Eulias said.
The one struth that remained was the one that Rouk had threatened earlier. It scratched at the ground and started nibbling something, not overly concerned with the attack that had just ended.
“It’ll have to do.” Vilye said.
She tied a shred of fabric to the hilt of her sword and hung it over her shoulder. Her own struth, the one that carried her sword’s harness, was gone.
“We should keep an eye open for any of them that turn up, but we don’t have time to go looking for them. Not now.”
“You’re right on that.” Rouk said. “We’ll miss the supplies they carried, and we’ll be much slower on foot, which means we can’t wait here.”
“How can you all be so calm?” Vonja shouted at them. “They had our packs, our food, our money! What do we do with more than half our gear missing? We can’t walk all the way to Crow’s Peak from here on what we’ve got.”
“No.” Rouk said. “But, with any luck, we’ll find someone willing to drive us part of the way. This is a busy stretch of road for traders and such. And, staying calm is something that will keep you out of trouble most times. Why don’t we call that lesson two?”
“Stay calm and hope that someone comes by to help? That’s not a lesson! That’s just being careless!”
“Call it what you will. Shouting at me will only wear you down, and we have a long walk ahead.”
There was a little more discussion on the topic, but no better alternatives were reached. Vonja still had her shield and no one else had been killed. Her knees quaked as the fire left her blood and she got to gathering up what few things had fallen from their fear-stricken animals.
The two dead bandits were picked clean and then rolled off the side of the path with the dead struth they used for bait. Before long, somebody would spot the bodies and alert the county militia, but Rouk thought it best not to wait around for them. Eulias agreed.
With one struth, and a much lighter load, they turned again North, pulled their collars up against the dampness and started walking. It was a lonely stretch of road, from what I recall, especially in the rainy season, when the cold fog seems to go on forever, chilling wanderers through their coats and silencing the forest around them with mist.
Eulias offered a humble prayer to his mountain gods, quietly asking for guidance and just enough light to see the dangers ahead. Vonja also asked mercy from the stern gods of her homeland and then again for Vilye, who never asked much of them herself. Rouk trusted his instincts and his experience to point the way to a safe harbor, and he trusted his pistols to bargain his way in.
They went into the fog then, bruised and bleeding, cold yet resolute, not knowing what lie ahead of them instead of guidance, instead of light, instead of mercy or safety.
Instead, they found me.

7. The White Flag

The sun never showed itself again that day. Thin webbing between the fingers of clouds gave only a hint at the time of day but as Rouk had hoped, it wasn’t long before Eulias’ sharp eye spotted a small caravan of wagons coming up from behind and headed North. Rouk was of the mind to sit down and wait for them since they all needed a rest. Vilye looked especially pale and had begun to drag her steps. The shot she’d taken from a bandit’s pistol struck deeper than skin, it seemed, but she refused all the help that was offered. Sitting down and waiting must have appealed to Vonja’s weary joints, but it turned out that she had something different in mind.
“Give me your knife, Captain?” She said.
“Eh? Me?”
“Aye. The one on your saddle.”
Rouk shrugged and faced his ride, the one struth that didn’t bolt when the bandits attacked, and he slid his tracker’s knife out from among their things.
“Thank you.”
Vonja unbuckled the thick traveling coat that she wore and loosened her belt. With Rouk’s knife in hand, she reached up under her shirt and carefully cut into something. The gentlemanly thing may have been to turn away, but Rouk and Eulias must have been more than a little confused at what they were watching. The sound of splitting fabric made Rouk’s ear twitch. When she’d finished, Vonja pulled from under her shirt a wide strip of ivory colored cloth.
“Now isn’t the time to fuss with your underwear.” Vilye sneered.
“I’m not fussing.”
Vonja settled her outerwear back into place.
“The traders and merchants around here usually have gunners with them, is that right?”
“Um, yeah.” Rouk answered, puzzled.
“And they fire on bandits as soon as their sighted?”
“Aye, usually. What are you getting at?”
“Eulias, can I have one of your spears?”
Eulias grinned just a little as he handed Vonja a fresh javelin.
“What’r you smiling at?”
“I think I know what she intends to do.”
Vonja tied her strip of cloth to the end of Eulias’ javelin and raised it as a flag of truce above them. Weak though it was, the wind got enough of a grip on Vonja’s undergarment to give it the appearance of a white pennant.
“It’s better to be thought of as defeated mercenaries than thieves.” She said.
“Not bad!” Rouk said, chuckling to himself and sitting down on a stump.
The rest of them made themselves comfortable and Vonja’s flag was soon sighted by the wagon’s lookout.
Negotiating passage from the lead driver was not difficult, considering how dangerous highway travel could be in those days. Rouk and Eulias offered guns and spears as protection from bandits and the lead driver readily accepted, having only one gunner to protect several wagons. Vonja was gladder than she could express to rest her feet for a while. Then, when some bread pudding and clean water became available, she nestled herself into a warm corner and slept a while. Her sister didn’t find much comfort next to her though. The wound beneath her armor still stabbed at her and bled when she moved.
Rouk took a seat next to the lead driver and lit up his pipe again. He took some tools from his pockets and laid them across his lap. The driver watched him charge and reload his pistol, impressed by Rouk’s deft quickness and steady hands. When asked if he and he and his company were responsible for the dead bandits left next to the road an hour behind them, Rouk would not confirm or deny. Once he was done with his pistol, Rouk set to picking the woodland ticks from his clothing and suggested that his companions do the same. The caravan reached a long run of flat and relatively stable terrain and pressed undisturbed into the evening hours.
Just before sundown, the lead driver turned the caravan away from the highway and down a little slope that fell upon a round, green clearing. He drew all the wagons into a tight circle and asked Eulias to oversee the posting of guards, since he was an officer. Besides Rouk and himself, there was one gunner that rode with the caravan who seemed capable. They split the night’s watch into thirds and the caravan’s riders got to work setting camp for the night.
In the center of the clearing, a low fire was kept alive and beside its erratic flicker, I was asked to carve my runes.
I’d been traveling with these merchants for some days already. I lied about who I was, of course, and took up the position that was left open by the driver’s warlock, who had quit the caravan in a drunken rage about a week before. Upon meeting me, they asked if I could summon defenses at night, provide healing for simple injuries, and if I’d be willing to help out with the daily chores. To all this I agreed, and I became their sorcerer for the duration of the trip. I was kept busy but, above all the duties I’d taken on, it was the nighttime defenses that the merchants prized. Raising a protective circle around the camp was a simple thing and not so physically taxing but it was very much appreciated by all who laid down within its lines. Vonja, it seemed, had never seen this kind of magic done and she watched me work with incessant focus.
With a sharp stone and a coil of string, I scored a concentric pattern of circles in the dirt that grew wider with each layer until the last rounded the whole camp. I filled the space between with an elder script that was forgotten by all but obsessive scholars and their wealthy patrons. Some travelers from the caravan joined me with their music and their voices as I carved. The first to start was the drummer, who softly beat a steady tempo on skin stretched over a wooden ring and bordered with chimes. Next, a woman joined him with a painted pair of horns that she tapped with his drum. Something about the constant rhythm called Vonja’s attention away from me. Steadily, solemnly, those that gathered inside the runes began to chant.
Their voices swelled only to the height of a simple conversation, but their chanting with the beating of the drums was powerful. Vonja got a bit closer and found a place to sit. The chanters found harmony for their voices and kept up the steady pace while I walked the circles, muttering old words into freshly gathered leaves and tossing them into the fire. More drums were added but they never matched the strength of the voices. Vonja watched, oblivious to anything else around her until something hard and cold poked her in the arm.
“Have a drink. It’s good stuff.” Rouk said, nudging her again with the bottle. He sat down next to her with a wooly blanket around his shoulders. Vonja reached up with some trepidation.
“It’s not one of mine, I promise.” Rouk said.
Vonja took it and let it rest between her knees.
“What spell is this?” She asked. “I’ve never seen so many people involved in a ritual.”
“It’s a protective circle. It’s meant to keep unfriendly folk out of the camp and just about everybody who lives out here in the pines knows it from a child. Don’t know where it came from. Don’t know if it works.”
“You never used them in your war campaigns?”
“We never had a mage. In my opinion, one of Veress City’s many flaws is its arrogance. The decision makers put all their faith in their cult of seers and ignore other sources of knowing. They’re the ones who run that city. Kings, senates, and councils come and go. The real power sits with the chronomancers. But, what do I know? I can barely do a card trick.”
The chant went on for long while before all the voices sank to their lowest and died there. The travelers went back to their wagons to start cooking. I sat down in my smallest circle and left my thoughts drift with the embers. Rouk and Vonja stayed with me for a while. Someone brought more wood for the fire and began building it up for a pot of stew.
“Nice, isn’t it?” Rouk asked Vonja. “If all magic sounded like that, I’d be a grand old wizard. I swear most ritualists are tone deaf. You hungry? It’s nearly supper time.”
Hares and squirrels that had been caught the previous day were skewered and roasted beside split gourds and root vegetables. Bottles of wine and ale made their way around the camp, followed by stories and more music that flowed much more freely once the protective ritual was done. After dinner was over and there was no more talking to do, Vonja settled down next to her sister for the night. Beside her, Vilye found little comfort and showed no interest in food.
“Are you alright. Vi?” Vonja half-whispered as she was drifting in and out of sleep.
Vilye startled and quickly wiped the fresh blood from her fingers on the grass beside her.
“I’ll be alright. Get some rest. We have a long way to go tomorrow.”
“You will let us know if you need to stop, won’t you, Vi?”
“I promise I will.” Vilye said, blood bright and fresh under her nails.

8. Chamomile

In the morning, the coals from the night before were turned over and prodded to find a memory of heat that could be fed. The Packing for the day was quickly done since they only set camp for one night. The caravan took to the road again after all the merchants and their companions gathered round for breakfast. In less than an hour from waking, we were on our way.
Vonja rode with her sister who slept most of the day, still pale, still cold but also still alive. Rouk and Eulias took positions at the front and rear of the caravan to help with the watch but Vonja’s attention was held by her sister’s condition for a long way. Seeing no change, and in need of something new to look at, she got up and climbed to the top of the wagon, where the lookout perch sat. There she watched the top of the forest roll by with the slow, ungraceful gait of the wagon’s axel.
The treetops made smooth green waves above and below the road, the saw-tooth edges of their leaves forgotten with distance. Ridges between the hills only hinted at the walking paths and roads carved beneath them, all leading to roughly hewn bald patches that bordered quiet villages and the mossy cabins of trappers. The smoke of their fires drifted easily on the damp breeze, then melted into the persistent grey above.
More rain was coming, anyone could smell it. Leather flaps were closed over the front and back of the wagons to deter the coming rain and the struth were covered with capes of oiled cotton.
Vonja turned her eyes to the North and saw long, lumbering shapes standing astride the hills in the distance. A great, dark wedge sat in the midst of them, like half an arrowhead laid sideways behind the walls. From books and stories, she knew it as the Great Gnomon of Veress City but, at that range, it was little more than a streak of near-black on a grey canvas. Slender fingers of sunlight fell between the clouds and touched the trees ahead and behind them, but the long dark edge of the storm was moving in, shoving them aside. Someone called up to her, inviting her down for something to eat but Vonja couldn’t take her eyes away from the storm and its slow march toward the caravan. The mist grew heavy and began to sink around her, so Vonja came down from the perch and into the warm light of the wagon.
It was in the wagon of a textile merchant that Vonja had found room for herself and her sister. The world which sat below the roof hatch and contrasted sharply to the outside, with its wealth of colored fabrics and flood of gold lamplight. There were rolls of shining silk neatly packed in a wicker cabinet that excited Vonja’s eyes with their deep blues and fiery reds. Works of hemp and flax also hung overhead, dyed in all possible colors, and coiled into tight rings that swayed with the wagon.
The merchant, a soft-spoken and welcoming Avadine woman offered Vonja a share of her dates and tea. The Avadine, fox-folk that came originally from the dry gulches beyond the forests of the West, were said to be liars and thieves that would steal the pennies from a dead man’s eyes. Vonja kept a doubtful glance on her host, but she did her best not to be rude. The woman’s deep red locks were loosely rolled and bound with tiny silver chimes that drew Vonja’s attention right back when she tried to look away.
“You should eat.” The merchant said.
Vonja found this woman’s eyes distracting. They moved quickly, like Rouk’s, but with a kind of hopeful, positive energy instead of suspicion.
“Thank you.” Vonja managed to pull her wandering thoughts together and realized that she was indeed getting hungry.
“Thank you also for taking us in.” She said. “We were hit by bandits on the road. Our rides bolted, except for one, so we would have had to walk to the city if not for you and your wagons.”
The Avadine merchant leaned back into her wall of colors and weaves, and bit into the flesh of a date. Behind the pleasant voice and polite smile, Vonja saw the fangs that were passed down to this woman from the savage times of her ancestors. Like the rest of Lupine kin, the days of tooth-and-claw were dimly remembered but undeniably marked.
“Well, they’re not my wagons.” She said. “I bought this one from a glassblower in Shendir and made it my home. The rest are owned or rented as needed, so don’t give me too much credit. Going to the city, are you?”
“No. Crow’s Peak is our destination.”
“Neither are we.” The merchant said with some longing in her voice. “We’re following the highway for another day or two, then heading West to meet some traders. I wish we were going to the city. Have you been there?”
“Never.”
“But you ride with their cavalry. Your guide is an officer, yes? And that old man with the rifle, he wears the city’s colors too.”
“You mean Rouk? He’s retired. Sort of. Eulias still serves in the city’s army, but I’m not from here. I came from up North.” She said.
Vonja picked up the tail of her jacket and sat herself down on a crocheted pillow that leaned on the wall. Her knees stuck out awkwardly. She clasped her hands tightly between them.
“There’s no bandits in here, my friend. Let yourself be.” Sephomae said.
Vonja drew her lips in to speak, but she left her comment by the wayside.
She closed her eyes and filled her lungs with the scent of chamomile and subtle ribbons of spiced incense that filled the wagon. She opened her eyes and let the colors and sheens of Sephomae’s collection guide her eye from floor to ceiling, dancing in her mind with the soft, knitted things of her childhood. Her hands unclenched. Her shoulders settled. The Avadine merchant waited patiently and listened.
“My people have an agreement with the lords of Veress City and promise them help in times of trouble.” Vonia said. “North of the Corr lands, where you start to see more grass then trees, there’s a river that swells every Spring with the melted ice from the mountains. That river, Dendej, is the border of my family’s land. My father sent us here with hundreds of others to help with what’s coming. We came to help fight the Oahk, but I’ve never been to the city. My sister and I were steered from that course and asked to find Rouk.”
“Your family must do well up North, to have land and fighters to spare an ally.”
“King Firaga is my father.”
The merchant’s ears sprang up, black tips appearing from behind her locks, as if she’d heard a coin strike the floor.
“A king’s daughter, no less? That makes you a princess?”
“Not yet.” Vonja said. “Blood ties aren’t enough to get you a seat at the king’s table. When the time comes, you have to prove yourself worthy.”
“How? In combat?”
“Sometimes. Killing enough people in battle will do, or coming up with a winning strategy for your clan. There are other ways, but I don’t seem to have any worthy talents. My sister helped to defend our walls from raiders when she was young, so her seat is secured. Mine though, still up for debate.”
“Is that why you came here?”
“I couldn’t come up with anything better, so I’ll try and prove myself against the Oahk. Yes.”
“The Oahk Empire.” The merchant sank a fang into her fruit and tore a chunk from its side.
“One of them travels with you.” She said. “Be wary of him, of all his kind. They have more dangerous things than weapons in their ranks.”
“Sorcerers. I know.”
“Simpler than that.” The Avadine said with a smile.
“Deception is their sharpest tool. They’ve brought down kingdoms, cities and armies in the past without spears or spells. They lie. They flatter. They promise victory and wealth to their allies, only to slip a knife in under their guard. They live for centuries, the Oahk do, so they can spend a hundred lives planning if they wish. The saying goes; If an Oahk plants a tree, it’s probably for your casket.”
Vonja recoiled.
“Eulias has done nothing to make me suspect anything like that.” She said. “In fact, we would have never found Rouk without him.”
The merchant stared at Vonja as if waiting for her to flinch or to look away, betraying some doubt or falsehood. Vonja did neither. She stared back into the merchant’s sharp yellow eyes, vouching for Eulias with her stern silence. Finally, the Avadine woman looked away and got back to her tea.
“Maybe so.” She shrugged and sipped at her tea. “We all have our labels, I suppose. I’m sure you’ve heard things about my people as well. You’ve heard that we’re not to be trusted? According to common wisdom, I steal babies, pick pockets and mold fake coins behind my back while I haggle.”
Vonja smiled.
“I suppose none of that is true.”
“Not a word. Well …except the pick-pocketing. I’m actually quite good at that.”
She raised her cup, as if saluting a culture of suspicion. Vonja joined in her toast.
“To mistrust, in all its forms. If nothing else, it keeps things interesting.”
“What should I call you?” Vonja asked. “We’ll be riding together for a while, it seems. I should I know your name?”
“Sephomae. My trade is fabrics, linens, materials in all the colors of the rainbow. And you?”
“Vonja of house Firaga. My trade-”
The response that halted at the tip of her tongue was the rehearsed doctrine of the noble knight, the soldier’s creed that was taught to her with books, diagrams, and wooden reeds when she wouldn’t listen. Her hand fell over the pommel of her sword. It lay on the floor, exactly where she was taught never to leave it.
“I don’t know what my trade is. I suppose I don’t really have one.”
“Nonsense. You just haven’t found it yet. You will.”
They both turned when they heard a knock at the wood frame of the wagon. The flap at the front pulled back and Rouk poked his head in.
“Ladies-” he said, mocking a highborn accent that was slurred from the ale he’d shared with the driver. “May I interrupt your tea for just a moment?”
Vonja laughed but Sephomae’s face soured at the intrusion and the rain that Rouk let in. Nonetheless, she didn’t stop him from coming in.
Rouk left his wet cloak by the entrance and sat next to Vonja.
“How is your sister?”
“Alive.” Vonja said. “Alright for now, I suppose.”
“I was just talking with the lead driver. He told me that the closest this caravan is getting to Crow’s Peak is some crossroad over the hills. That’ll leave us with about two more days of walking to get there.”
“And, we’ll have to drag Vilye the whole way, unless she improves. That’ll be hard on us all.” Vonja said.
“Right. So, th’ thing we need to figure out is what to do with her.”
“With my sister?”
“Right. Like, what do we do with her? Since we’re already slowed down, and we don’t have room for luggage.”
Rouk opened his mouth to say more but seemed to labor over the right words.
“Slowed down?” Vonja’s eyes narrowed and her fists hardened. “Luggage?”
“I think what your friend means to say…” Sephomae added, raising a hand between them. “Is that you’ll have a practical decision to make when it comes to travel. With one of you so gravely wounded, even the quickest route could take days. Speed is important in this expedition, am I right?”
“Right.” Rouk agreed.
“So, carrying an injured comrade is a noble thing, but will it cause undue danger for the rest of you, considering the hazards of travel on foot. Such a slow walk would also mean that your sister will have to wait longer for help. Is that right?”
“Um, yes. Hazards.” Rouk said, nodding furiously.
“We can’t- We can’t leave her. No! I won’t even consider it!”
“We may have to.” Rouk said. “In the time we take to get to port, she may die anyway.”
“She could, or she could live!”
Vonja sat in silence for a moment, tears welling, fear and rage mixing into something new, something unfamiliar that tasted foul and left her cheeks hot. She took in a quick breath and turned on Rouk with fury, pointing and shouting.
“Is this what you’ve learned about dealing with people, you callous bastard? Is this why we found you alone in a cabin, because you run with useful people while leaving wounded comrades behind? Vilye stays with us!” Her voice grated against the walls of her throat. Her fists shook. The sides of her neck turned red.
“Hang on.” Rouk put his hand up to block any incoming blows. “I’m not saying that we should just dump her in the woods! We could find a camp or an abbey somewhere along the way and leave her with someone, someone that could watch her. We could come back for her later.”
“I’m not leaving my sister on death’s door with strangers! If the end comes for her, I want her to be with family!”
“Not. Yet.”
The voice was so thin, it would never have been heard while others were speaking.
“Vi? Vilye?”
Vonja got down to her sister’s side in a heartbeat, taking up her hand and brushing the hair from her face. An eye was opened, if only a crack.
“Vilye! You’re awake. Don’t move. Don’t get up. Not yet.”
“Not yet.” Vilye whispered.
Vonja laid her arms around her sister, happy that she was taking but also careful not to move her. Vilye held on tightly as she could while casting an accusing glare over Vonja’s back. She looked at Rouk with pride, as if she’d beaten him at something.
“Not yet.” She said as she glared.

9. Promises

The hours crept by, softly creaking away under the boards, and gently shaking the wooden bones of our wagons as they passed. The big event of the day, which was talked about until well after supper, was the one attempt by bandits to loot us on the road. They had blocked the way near the crest of a hill, forcing us to stop in the valley, surrounded by higher ground and thick trees. The leader came out to parley with our head driver, but Rouk cut their talking short. With a shot from beneath one of the wagons, he took the kneecap out from under the lead bandit and crept away before he could be spotted. When the wounded leader saw how fast Rouk was at reloading, he called his bandits off and let us pass.
Further up the road, we stopped for water, and to calm the nerves of some of the shaken travelers in the caravan. Vonja caught up to Rouk as he was filling some canteens and asked him why the bandits didn’t press their advantage.
“Why not just charge us?” She asked. “You couldn’t possibly reload fast enough to get all of them, and there’s only one other rifle in our company. They must have seen that.”
“Because no one wants to be the first.” Rouk said with a grin. “No matter the uniform or the cause, most people aren’t willing to take a bullet for the one behind them. That’s been true since I was a younker just learning to shoot.”
“Always? Have you even seen anyone do it, put themselves is front to save someone else?”
“In my experience, only once. Years ago, this twisted old seer got it into his head that the gods were parasites, feeding off the world’s conflicts. He built up a cult of followers that protected him to the bitter end. Those folks rushed us and took lots of bullets for the man behind them, and I swear they were glad to do it. Apart from that, never.”
That night passed in much the same way as the night before. I made my protective circle and there was music after supper.
Vilye ate but little, and she slept for a long time. Her sister worried for her. Vonja felt powerless and I think this frustrated her more than anything else. I overheard her speaking with Sephomae that night. She said that her older sister had always looked out for her and, now that Vonja had a chance to return the favor, being unable to do it stung her heart day and night.
“Don’t think you can hold death at bay just because you love someone.” Sephomae said. “Death makes no deals. Death accepts no trades. Most times, just making sure they know that someone’s with them is all the good you can do. What is, is what must be.”
Truer words were never spoken, in my opinion.
For another day and a night, we stayed on the highway. The road sloped downward toward the coast again and the briny smell of the tide rose to meet us. Most of the day was spent in heavy air that left a gritty, sticky feeling on the skin. Vonja settled into a dim corner of Sephomae’s wagon and the gentle swaying had lulled her to sleep in minutes. There she stayed for a long while, until the storm came.
“Wake, Vonja. We’ll be stopping soon.” Sephomae said, softly prodding Vonja’s shoulder.
Vonja rubbed her eyes and shook off the drowsiness.
“What- what for?”
“A storm is rolling in, and the drivers want to set camp earlier rather than later.”
Vonja lifted her arms up over her head and took a long stretch. Once she’d acclimated to the world of colors and patterns around her, she set an ear down against Vilye’s lips.
She heard nothing.
“Sephomae. Sephomae!”
Sephomae turned back from the window, she was watching the lightning dance in the distance.
“She’s cold. She’s not breathing.” Vonja stuttered. “I should have stayed awake! I know it! This is my fault!”
“Easy now. Let’s have a look.”
Sephomae pulled a small knife from her belt and lowered it to Vilye’s face. Vonja almost swatted it away but some instinct told her to wait. Sephomae placed the flat side of the blade under Vilye’s nose and held it there for a moment. She drew it back up and watched the grey cloud of mist slowly retreat from the metal.
“She’s alive.” Sephomae said. “She’s very weak now. It won’t be long.”
“Thank all the gods! Thank Nimir and all his shadows! Could she make it to port, at least?”
“Probably not. I wouldn’t expect her to last the night.”
Vonja looked up from her sister’s pallor as if she wanted to say something but no words volunteered. They hid. They stuck in her throat like peppercorns and choked her.
Vonja softly took hold of the blanket that covered her sister and pulled.
Near Vilye’s ribs, the fabric seemed to snag on something. Vonja pulled a bit harder and stopped suddenly when she heard a small ripping sound, like the corner being torn from a page. Gently, she rolled the blanket down and found it more resistant, but another short tear showed her what held it.
Blood.
Old blood sat, long since pooled and clotted, among the folds of Vilye’s shirt and the waist of her pants. Brown and pitted, like rust in the lamplight, it held onto the loose fibers of her blanket, tearing off little ends of rainbow threads to mark the deepest pits where it had filled and coagulated during the night.
Vonja’s breath picked up speed.
Her hands began to shake.
“She didn’t say anything. She told me it was a scrape.”
Vonja stared for a moment, her grip tightening around the edge of the blanket. 
There was enough blood clotted on her sister’s belly and thighs to give the impression that she’d been bleeding out all night, slowly and quietly. Bleeding dry as she slept.
“She told me she was alright! I can’t do this without her. We need her, we need her strength!”
“There’s nothing that can be done.” Sephomae said softly. “We have precious few tools with us to deal with this kind of injury and even less of the knowledge to use them. We tried to hire a healer for this trip. We couldn’t afford it.”
Sephomae sat down next to her. Her hand settled on Vonja’s shoulder, lightly as a little bird.
“She’s strong indeed to make it this far, but she’s almost out of time.”
“Then, she’ll die? My sister will die here, on the road, in the middle of nowhere?”
“That’s a possibility that you should account for.”
“And, what about her children?”
Sephomae was struck silent.
Her eyebrows jumped.
Her ears fell back.
That word shocked her like cold water, and she couldn’t hide it.
“Children?”
“She has a family back home. Three little ones. They’re small still.”
Vonja spoke like she was admitting something shameful. She twisted her hands together like she was trying to wring drops from cheesecloth.
Sephomae regained her composure quickly.
“You never said anything about her family until now. Why?”
“Because my sister likes to keep a tight lid on things.” Vonja stuttered and her eyes darted. “She wouldn’t want strangers knowing about us. I broke that rule already by telling you about our home. What’s one more? She has three little ones at home. The oldest is barely seven! He won’t know what to do without her! None of them will!”
“Their father?”
“Aldyn? He’ll do his best, but he’ll be forced to marry again, probably closer to the king’s own family this time. If he brings Vilye’s children with him, they’ll be servants if they’re allowed to live!”
“They’d be killed? Surely not.”
“Only if their father marries into a greater house than ours. They could be seen as a threat. It’s happened before. That’s the risk she took in coming here with me. I was supposed to do this alone but Vilye wouldn’t have it. She wanted to watch over me.”
Vonja leaned back against the tasseled rolls of joyous color behind her and wept. For a while, Sephomae said nothing. She held her tongue until the obvious needed to be stated to spur things forward.
“You should have said something sooner.”
“I know!” She shouted through the tears. “What difference does it make now? You think I haven’t been losing sleep over this? You think I haven’t been considering what to do if she dies? Believe me, I’ve been thinking. And I still don’t know what to do.”
Sephomae put her knife away and got up from beside Vonja.
“Where are you going?”
“Shush! Let me think.”
Sephomae shook the last drops from her teapot into her cup and sat down among her rugs and fabrics. Her brow wrinkled between her eyes and she picked at the embroidered swan on the arm of her chair.
Vonja let her head fall onto Vilye’s chest and she wept quietly, her shoulders bucking as she lost her breath. Sephomae pulled her thoughts back from wandering and looked at Vonja, watching her cry for her sister.
Something dropped into the tepid tea at the bottom of the cup. Looking down through a watery haze, Sephomae found that she shared Vonja’s grief, maybe her fears as well.
“Are you afraid for her children?” Sephomae asked simply.
“No one would be surprised if they disappear, after this.” Vonja said, looking up and wiping her face.
“I could be wrong.” Sephomae said. “I’m not an expert, but there is someone riding with us who knows better than I do about healing. If I ask, he might be able to help.”
Vonja pulled herself up slowly.
She took some long breaths to steady herself.
“Who? I need to see them.”
“You will. When we stop for the night and the protective circle is done, you and I can speak to the Singer.”
“The Singer? The one that leads the chanting every night? What can he do for Vilye?”
“He seems to be one that knows a little about everything, more so than he should. Along with his sorcery, I’ve heard that his voice can do a wide range of things. If he can’t help, maybe he can ease her pain at the least. If I do this…”
Vonja looked up and met Sephomae’s eye, suddenly cold and businesslike.
“If I speak to the Singer and he saves your sister, the debt will be yours to repay. Not mine. Agreed?”
“Are you afraid of him?”
“No. I trust him. But ones like him make pacts with things that I would rather not need to trust. Are we agreed?”
Vonja cast her eyes downward for a while, thinking, feeling a host of things ram themselves through her mind like sieging troops through an open window. Her knuckles had gone white from her squeezing the rolled blanket. At least it stopped her digging her nails into her palm.
“I agree.” She said. “Whatever it costs, I’ll pay it.”
Vonja wrapped her sister a little tighter against the cold that evening. In another hour or so, a bald hill was spotted near the road and the caravan turned its course. A foot path, just wide enough for a wagon to scrape through, led around the edge of the hill and slowly up. The wind picked up and threw itself strongly against the wagons for an hour or so before the first drops of rain came.

10. Snares and Repairs

“Snares and Repairs.”
That’s what the long trail drivers of olden days called a longer-than-overnight stop. They would set camp for two or three days, break out all the tools, lumber, and replacement parts they had and tend all the fractured axels, broken wheel-spokes, torn bridles, and cranky springs they could. While the repairs were being made, others would go out foraging, and set their traps for rodents or lizards, whatever lived in the area, and bring home a feast of regional flesh and flora.
Sometimes, a snare-crew would go out to take down something big and distribute slices of its meat over the whole affair, salting the rest for the remainder of the journey. In more recent times, the call for “Snares and Repairs” went up as a general complaint of the gravel-coated monotony that sprouts along every inch of a highway. Long rides never bothered me, but some folk find them excruciating.
With a storm on its way, the drivers circled the wagons quickly and posted watchers on the tallest of them. The camp was being set for two days of rest, which we all needed sorely. Our struth certainly did. It was my chore to cover them and keep them calm until their supper was ready, which was no easy task considering the thunder rolling over the far hills. The rain that was coming would be enough to fill our skins and pots for the first day but, after that we would have to make long trips downhill to the creek and back up. “Arduous, but necessary” was a popular saying among the road weary.
While the merchants and the travelers were fixing flaps over their windows and raising a tent high over the freshly dug fire pit, Rouk quietly sat down next to Vonja on the steps of Sephomae’s wagon.
I had started scratching my runes in the dirt and raising the circle, as I did every night. Soon after, the clacking of horns and the tapping of drums laid the foundation for the chant and I took my place within the voices. Rouk seemed to have something on his mind. He shifted himself closer to Vonja.
“How are you, Von?” Rouk asked, packing the bowl of his pipe next to her.
“I’m alright. Tired. I haven’t really slept in a few days.”
“Since the attack?”
Vonja said nothing.
She waited.
Rouk stopped fiddling with his tobacco and fixed his eyes on the fire that was climbing the walls of the pit.
“I’m sorry, Vonja.” He finally said. “We could have just paid them off and walked away. We should have. I was just too eager to show them, so show everyone that I’m not worn-out, that I’m not…”
“Too old for this?”
“Well …yes. I suppose. I’m sorry. I could have gotten us all killed. I almost did, in fact. If you’ll forgive my being such an arsehole, I’ll promise not to get us into trouble again.”
“It’s alright, Rouk. Vilye wanted a fight, maybe more than you did. This is partly her fault as well. I don’t hold a grudge. Though, she might.”
“Aye. We’ll see.”
Rouk opened the gate of an oil lamp and lit his pipe on its feeble flame.
“We’re not far from port now.” Rouk said. “If we find a healer there for your sister, I’ll have a good beating coming my way. I deserve it.”
Vonja smiled, though it was forced and sickly.
Rouk pulled the cork out of a bottle with his teeth and offered Vonja the first sip. She took it from him, her eyes on me as I walked the circle and guided the chant, stomping and shouting as the wind grew louder and hints of lightening peeked out from beyond the hills. I was having some trouble being heard over the claps of thunder, and the rain started before I was done with my runes. It softened the edges, and some of them had to be redrawn. Finally, when the wind had calmed enough and the rain slowed, I was able to close the circle.
Vonja raised the bottle and took a long sip.
“That’s good.” She said, passing it back to Rouk.
“I didn’t make it.” Rouk said with a grin.
Those that helped me with chant and harmony fell away when their parts were done. I sat down by the newborn fire and began loading a pipe of my own. At the time, I was fond of a blend of leaves that smelled like cinnamon and clove. It was easier to find back then, and not terribly expensive. I took a moment to savor the first taste of it, mixed with the scent of applewood from the fire.
Vonja watched me still.
“Why do you stare at him?” Rouk wondered.
“Because, I have to convince him to save my sister.” Vonja’s grip on the neck of the bottle tightened as she spoke.
“Mae told me that he might be able to do something for her. Vilye’s looking more and more like she won’t even make it to Crow’s Peak, never mind after that.”
“And he can help?”
“Maybe, we’ll find out. I’m trying to think of what I can trade him. We don’t have much money, and we need to save what food we can.”
“But, if he can heal your sister, why would he not?” He asked in earnest. “We would have another good sword arm for the trip. Isn’t that payment enough?”
“It’s also another mouth to feed. We were only attacked once, and you drove them off with one shot. Since then, the road has been quiet. He may not think we need another sword arm.”
“Maybe.”
“And if he’s willing to do something, we can’t pay him, or trade him anything. We need what little we have and I’m not going to borrow from these merchants to pay someone else.”
Rouk was about to say something when a shadow from above them interrupted.
“I think you do too much thinking.” Sephomae spoke from the top of the steps. Neither Rouk nor Vonja heard her approach.
She wore a halter that was opaque, but thin enough to let her curves express themselves freely. She adjusted the belt of a long skirt that was cut up the front, well above the knee and her wrists and ankles jingled with charms. She stepped slowly down from her wagon, swaying like an actor getting herself into some sultry character for a lewd urban play. She reached down and took up Rouk’s bottle. After a long pull of the malty porter, she smiled at Vonja.
“It might shock you to see what you can get when you ask nicely.” She said, handing it back to him. She let her locks down from the loose knot that held them.
Sephomae walked toward the center of the circle, where I sat with my smoke and my thoughts. She sat down next to me, crouching in such a way that I was sure to see the firelight filling in the crease between her breasts and very briefly into the open front of her skirt. She played the role well, and I’ll freely admit that it was distracting but I wasn’t about to let her know it.
“I’ve never seen magic like yours.” She said. “It’s odd. Were you trained in the city in one of those weird towers?”
I’d been asked this question before, and I was tempted to give her the same answer I always did, that I couldn’t recall.
I sometimes tell people that my quest for ancient knowledge drove me mad, and I chased-off or killed everyone that ever mattered to me before I regained my wits.
That plays well with the warrior crowd.
Sometimes, I tell people that I’m a bastard son of Kerim, keeper of the gods’ secrets, and he gives me power and information to work against his enemies.
That one is preferred by scholarly folk.
I didn’t give Sephomae any of those stories.
Instead, I gave her a version of the truth.
“I learned what I know by failing.” I said, quite frankly. “By getting it wrong enough times, I figured out how to do it right.”
“Isn’t that dangerous?”
“Sometimes. Though, I try not to practice where anyone can hear.”
She was still playing the role, the seductive traveler hinting at a night of pleasures but not offering. I saw through it easily. I also knew her request before she even sat down. Long ago, I learned that if I don’t listen for anything in particular, I hear a little bit of everything.
“You’re here about that wounded fighter?” I asked, cutting the corner, and getting to the point before she could.
To my surprise, Sephomae lost none of her poise.
“Yes, actually. How did you know?”
“Warriors in need are usually too proud to do their own asking. The one that sits with the old Lupine, she’s your friend?”
“Vonja? I wouldn’t go so far as to call her a friend, but I like her well enough.”
“And you came over to ask for something on her behalf, hoping that a lonely, old wanderer wouldn’t be able to resist such a fine-looking request. Is that right?”
“Did I offend you?” She asked playfully. “I’m sorry if I did. Usually, the hips do wonders with negotiation.”
“I didn’t say I was offended.”
I looked at her and smiled. I couldn’t help it.
“You’re not afraid of me, are you?” I asked her.
“Not yet. Though most of the merchants are, and the drivers. Vonja too.”
“But not you.”
“You don’t scare me nearly as much as Mist Men, rats, or spiders.”
She shuddered at the S-word.
I had a good laugh at that.
It had been a while since someone felt so at-ease with me to talk of everyday things like fears, offences, or spiders. The feeling was quite welcome.
“Would you like to hear a secret?” I asked.
“Would any red-blooded Avadine say ‘no’ to that question?”
“Mist Men aren’t so common as people think.” I said. “This whole ride, I haven’t seen a single one.”
“Really?”
“True.” I said, with a finger to my lips.
She reared back, feigning shock like a haughty noble that I insulted.
“But you build the circle every night. You mean to tell me, sir, that your ritual is just for show?”
“No. It works. There’s just no Mist Men around for me to defend against.”
“Such trickery! I don’t know how a defenseless merchant like myself could trust in your abilities after a revelation like that.”
“Well, have you seen any rats or spiders yet?”
She had a beautiful laugh.
Unrestrained. Long lived. It was almost musical, to my ear anyway. I listened eagerly and hoped to keep her talking for a while. Then, a stray thought broke loose and drifted to the surface of my attention.
Was this part of her plan?
She knew enough about me not to be surprised when I guessed at her purpose, yet she still came over intending to play the seducer. She must have known that I would have seen through it, yet she tried anyway.
Or did she play that part hoping that I would underestimate her, making some kind of double-bluff out of it?
To this day, I’m not sure.
She was a puzzle, Sephomae was, but I enjoy puzzles.
The rest of our conversation unfolded in much the same way. We talked about traveling and some of the things we’d both seen.
She told me of the market streets of Falabahm province, where dealing is done by hired mediators who strip down and wrestle in a pit under the eyes of the laborers who make the goods. There’s betting, of course but that’s a separate affair. I’d been to those markets before, but I never got to see haggling done in the traditional way.
I told her about the city of Shan-Zhora, where I met the arch-mage and was allowed to read in his library. In a book on the ancient tribes of the Sandstorm Kingdoms, I found a few chapters on the Avadine that had settled those high, perilous plains. In that library, I found out that Avadine women, who dyed and braided their hair as Sephomae did, were leaders and makers of peace between clashing tribes. She only knew it as a style that was passed down from her mother, but she didn’t know what it meant.
The wind and the rain calmed as we spoke. I suppose the storm had better things to do than listen to us. We talked a while longer, enjoying each other’s company, then I agreed to help Vonja’s sister in the only way that I knew how.
“What must be done comes at a fee.” I said, grim reality driving my smile away. “Do you think she’s willing to pay it?”
“They don’t have much money. I have some savings that could help, but it’s hardly a fortune.”
“Money has nothing to do with the fee. Do you think she’ll pay?”
Sephomae took my meaning. I could tell by the way her eyes sagged and fell to the ground as she thought. It was shrewd of her not to take on the burden herself. I would expect no less from a merchant. I finished the last of my pipe and tapped the ash out. Sephomae took another solemn moment to consider how desperately Vonja wanted her sister returned. Then she looked at me with some sadness in her eyes.
“She will. However dearly, she’s willing to pay. She told me so herself.”
“Then, so be it. I’ll do what I can.”
Sephomae excused herself politely, shook the gloom from her face, and went back to Vonja’s side in the same cheery persona that she put on to approach me.
“Well, what happened?” Vonja asked, nearly jumping up from the step.
“Nothing yet, my dear.” Sephomae said with a raised eyebrow. “The night is young still, but I do believe I’ve convinced him to help.”
Vonja leapt up to her feet and threw her arms around Sephomae.
“Thank you, Mae! Thank you so much!”
I noticed that Sephomae seemed uneasy at first, being handled in such a way, but she soon rested her head against Vonja’s, consenting to a bond of sisterhood that perhaps she didn’t intend to forge. By and by, she pushed herself away from Vonja and helped to wipe the tears from her face.
“Now, I’m not sure how effective he’ll be, or if he can do anything meaningful, but he’s promised to try.” She said.
Rouk looked up at her with a sly grin.
“What did you have to offer him? I’ve got a canny idea, but I wanted to ask anyway.” He said, wriggling against the steps like a little girl after some gossip.
“A good hard ride in my wagon, what else? You were hoping that I would be embarrassed? It takes more than that to shame me, my darling. Life on the road is dull and lonely, so I hunt wild game where I find it.”
“Wild game? As in free-roaming cocks?” Rouk prodded.
Sephomae threw her hair back and laughed for a long while, long enough for Rouk to be infected by her smile.
“You’re far too grey around the edges to be such a child! Yes, Rouk. Cocks!” She said, leaning over him with her eyes wide.
“Then…” Vonja grew impatient to have her suspicion confirmed. “He can do it? He’ll save her?”
“As I said. He’ll try. That’s all we can ask of him.”
They went on talking as I looked around for some dry lumber and stoked the fire high. Then, I asked around among those who traveled with us for any who had old blood on their hands. Ordinary voices wouldn’t do for this kind of song, this kind of contract. For what was to come next, I would need the voices of killers.

11. Voices

The rain had ceased.
The woodland that surrounded our camp was calm except for the erratic drippings of bloated pine branches. We took the hood off the pit and let the fire climb until it was content. In soil which was newly damp, I scratched a new set of runes in a much smaller circle around the one who was soon to cross over.
Vilye’s people prayed to Nimir and his children on matters of death and dying, so I thought it most fitting to ask his help for this wayward Northerner. From what I knew of him, Nimir’s kingdom thrived deep in the icy caves beyond even the lands of the Ursid. From his home, Nimir sent his many hundreds of children to flit in and out of shadows and pronounce judgement on the souls of the newly dead. Should they die honorably, they’ll be taken home. If not, they’re left to wander.
Vilye lay motionless within her circle, fire warming her skin and brushing fiery gold across her naked pallor. Her hands and feet sagged to the sides like those of the dead. Her eyes were closed but couldn’t hide the rolling movements of sleep. I watched her bare chest rise and fall, slower and shallower with each bough added to the fire. I had to wait for her to cross the threshold, for one can’t pray to death to help those which yet live. After one last labored breath, after one last twitch of an eye, she rested.
I took up my drum.
It was time.
All was still, silent. The first drum set the pace softly with a hollow thud, slow and constant. One by one they came, faces painted with ash in the likeness of the dead. My chosen four gathered around the fire to add their own rhythms to the drum and their own unanswered crimes to my song.
The first to start was a cobbler named Vand, who had killed his wife for being unfaithful. Then a woman named Threl stepped forward, a native to the coast who had killed the man that sold her to a slave market. There was also a farmer called Ori who let a wounded foreign soldier bleed to death among his wheat rows. The last was old Oth. When only a child, Oth had pushed his boyhood friend into a well while playing and kept his secret for all the years after. My choir wasn’t trained in such rituals as this, but their voices would suffice. Just as nature guides the bird’s wing and steers the whale’s fin, instinct alone was enough to bend the notes of four strangers to Vonja’s purpose. I merely conducted.
Hollowed horns, painted bones and sacred chimes of bronze all found their place in the savory discord that rose from the group. Once the pace was established, I started my own chant.
This tune had to be sung differently, however. The softness of tone, the climbs and dives that I used the defensive melody were replaced by a deep, sandy, droning sound. This sound, I rolled carefully through the shapes of a language buried deeply in the past and inaccessible to all but the very astute, or the very mad. I had to ask the dark to give Vilye back and that was best done in the dark’s own language. That’s why I needed the voices of these murderers to help me, for they gave unto the dark already four times without recompence. My request was more likely to be granted if I pointed out that deficit.
Twice over the same primordial litany I droned, raising my voice toward the end of the second pass. I paused to let the music do its work alone, and I presented a simple hunting knife of carved bone to the nearest of my chosen four, Threl. She scraped the tip across the back of her hand and smeared the blood across the blade. She handed it then to Oth and he did the same. One after one, they all gave to the blade and handed it back to me. I painted Vilye’s face in disharmony to those around her, red against their ash grey, so that there would be no mistake. I went back to the chant and called until my call was answered.
Vonja watched the whole thing from Sephomae’s steps.
Rouk had begun to doze and she slapped him on the shoulder.
“What? Sorry. I dropped off…”
“Quiet. Look!”
Vilye’s shoulder heaved upward and fell. Soon after, her arm and chest did the same, as if some far off puppeteer were testing her strings. Life was burrowing its way back into her flesh, so the melody needed to change. I raised my drum so that they would know. Slowly, we lowered our voices. The only beat used to keep time was a pair of bells softly struck.
Our new harmony was far sweeter.
It rolled on with the bells in the same way that the other did, but our voices rang together this time. This was best, so that the newly recalled child might be born again into a more honeyed world, not a place of dissonance. Twice more we repeated the long harmonic prayer, slowly falling in pitch and volume as Vilye’s body heaved. Our voices fell with each pass until the end, when all our sounds died together.
Again, all was silent, until Vilye awoke.
Her eyes stretched wide and she pulled in her first full breath only to let it out screaming. Vilye wailed, and sobbed, and shook like the sky above her was full of malformed horrors and the coals of the fire were being heaped over her skin. She rolled herself over and tried to claw her way out of the circle with desperate, nearly tireless strength. It took all of us to hold her down until she calmed. I could not let her leave the spot until I was sure we had called the right being back. Slowly, the look of wide-eyed terror on Vilye’s face slowly melted away and she stilled herself.
Exhausted, she laid back and slept again, but this was more like the sleep of a tired traveler and not the near-dead. It was best to let her have her rest.
Afterward, all those that assisted washed their faces and called the night to an end. They packed away the chimes and totems they’d brought for the rite and disappeared into their own wagons, cursing me for asking their help and opening their old wounds. I offered my sincerest apologies. I was forgiven by all but old Oth.
Vonja wanted to bring her sister inside, but I told her that Vilye had to stay where she was until sunrise, so that we could be sure that it was Vilye that we called up. For all my precautions, errors can still be made. And, that’s to say nothing of the spiteful and jealous things that would take Vilye’s place from her. I would abide no meddling from them.
Vonja resolved to sleep outside with her sister and arranged some clean linens for the two of them. On her way back, I stopped her and offered her the knife that we’d passed around.
She flinched at the sight of it.
The yellowed ivory surface of the blade was by then stained and dull, its gloss ruined by the bleeding of four people.
“That’s the one you used in the ritual.” She was apprehensive. I certainly understand why. “Why would you give it to me?”
“The old life was natural,” I told her. “And it was natural law that ended it. This new one was bargained with blood, and the same blood must end it someday. That’s the fee you’ll have to pay when the time comes.”
“What do you mean? I don’t understand.”
“You will. For now, keep this with you. Don’t give it to anyone. Don’t lose it. For her sake, not yours.”
I went back to the wheelwright’s wagon where I’d been staying, too tired for another word. Vonja followed me with a more questions. She sounded quite desperate for certainty where there was but little to be offered. I didn’t have it in me to advise her. My voice was raw. My power was spent. My work was done. I left Vonja by the fire with the means to end her sister’s second life when she saw fit to do it.
Was it the right thing to do?
Still, after so many years, I’m not sure I can answer that.
I did what I thought was needed.
After I left, the only person still stirring was Sephomae. She swept some errant coals back into the fire pit with a blackened broom. Vonja approached quietly, as if the whole place was worn out with activity and needed its rest as well. One of Sephomae’s pointed ears turned. 
“Mae?”
Sephomae answered with a glance.
“Thank you again for all your help. You let us stay in your wagon, shared your food with us and now you’ve saved Vilye’s life. We can’t repay you for all of this, but we’ll certainly try.”
“You’re very welcome, but you still give me too much credit. It was the drivers leading this voyage that let you in. It was our singer that saved your sister, and some others. I merely accommodate, you might say.”
“Are you sure? Honor demands that I give you something.”
“Honor?” She scoffed. “You need to get out of your armor and see the world for what it is, darling. You can’t eat honor when you’re starving, you can’t wrap a wound in honor to stop it bleeding, you can’t shiv someone with honor when they’ve got you on your back. Those that die with honor still die, they just tend to go first.”
Sephomae said all of this with a kind smile, as if she was trying to educate or enlighten a clever savage.
Vonja was lost for words.
“Go then. See to your sister. I have work to do. I promised to help clean up.” Sephomae said, leaning her broom up on the side of her wagon.
Vonja watched the lamplight shift in the little windows of the wagons for a moment. She turned away and padded quietly toward her sister. Vilye lay still in the circle, wrapped in her linens, but she looked up and stared blankly into the great unmoving gulf of night that stretched above them. Vonja sat quietly down next to her.
“Vi?” She probed carefully, lighting a lamp, and turning the flame down to a soft glow. The fire was ebbing.
“Yes?”
“Are you al-” She thought better of that question. “How are you feeling?”
“Cold.” Vilye said, plainly. “Cold and tired, but I’ll be alright by morning.”
“You need a blanket? I’ll get you one.”
“It’s not that kind of cold.”
A question caught in Vonja’s throat, almost breaking the silence several times before she finally asked.
“Vi, what did you see? That look on your face. That shrieking. I’ve never seen you so afraid. What scared you so much?”
“I can’t say.”
“Try. I’m sure it’s not easy to put into words, but if you try, I’m sure I can figure it out. What did you see? You can tell me anything.”
Vilye looked away from the sky and locked eyes with Vonja.
The coldness that she mentioned was easily visible in her blank expression. Vonja recoiled just a little when their eyes met.
“I’ll answer you one question, one time, and I can’t repeat it so don’t ask again.”
Vonja thought as quickly as she could of all the things she’s ever wondered about the dead and their secrets.
“Did you see our ancestors? Did you feast with them? Is it like the stories they told us? The halls of Nimir?”
“No.”
Vonja’s blooming smile fell.
“It’s so much worse.”



~~~

Glossary

Anda A region or rocky canyons and mountains, not truly a desert and not wholly inhospitable. Anda is the ancestral home of the Avadine.

Avadine Beastfolk descended from foxes and scavenger wolves of ancient times. The Avadine carry a reputation for thievery, deception, and cavorting with wicked spirits.


Beastfolk Common, and somewhat vulgar, name taken by the progeny of ancient predators that hunted the forests and plains of the world. Originally the subjects and slaves of the Oahk, the Beastfolk eventually discovered language and writing, and so were able to organize their revolt. It’s been only a few centuries since the Beastfolk won their freedom from the Oahk Empire.

Cor The common name of the contested lands that surround Veress City. They’re bordered by rivers, mountains, and the sea. It’s a temperate land, green in summer and grey in winter. It’s rightful ownership is the subject of much debate.

Crow’s Peak A small port town near Veress City. It sits on the coast of Iuda’s Spire, a spike-shaped peninsula that juts out from the coast of the mainland, into the Rift.

Chronomancer A magician, or practitioner of magic, that specializes in divining wisdom from past or future events. Chronomancers hold sway over the government in Veress City.

Deep Iron A substance ground down from the massive bones of an elder thing that once roamed the world. Its name was never known, so historians simply call it Behemoth. The bone dust is heated and mixed with arcane catalysts to make a molten liquid that, when cooled in a mold, becomes unbreakable and impervious to all known magic. It’s said that the only thing that can break a length of Deep Iron is a heavier length of Deep Iron. To test this theory, however, would be far too expensive and wasteful for even a king.

Eulias A veteran of the Oahk Empire’s cavalry. Eulias fought in many skirmishes over many years on the borders of his empire before defecting and crossing the Rift to the Cor lands. Eulias is Rouk’s best friend and only surviving companion from his own days in the Veress City cavalry.

Eruh Eruh Samian (Maladan) is Rouk’s daughter and master alchemist that lives in Veress City.

Farinon An exiled minotaur that rises to power among warring clans of Beastfolk and murders the Gods’ High King, setting events in motion that could close the world’s last age.

Fenton Baron Fenton is a wealthy landowner from a respected family that has fallen to a lowly state because of his obsession with occult magic, and the spending of his fortune in the pursuit of its lore. Thrundn is the only one left in his employ.

Glaurush A goddess or spirit of the sea worshipped by the monks of the abbey at Crow’s Peak. 

Humans Once numerous and prosperous, Humanity is in decline. Few bastions of human dominion are left by the time Vonja Firaga takes up her family’s shield and travels to the Cor lands to meet Rouk and Eulias.

Iuda’s Spire A broad and flat peninsula that juts out into the sea from the coast of the Cor lands. Veress City offers the furthest port from the mainland, making it an ideal place to attempt to cross the Rift. It’s location also makes the city a valuable strategic target.

Jalith Read the book and find out.

Kel An officer in the ranks of the Hardheads, a company of mercenaries at work in Crow’s Peak. Among Beastfolk, especially the Lupines, women are just as revered on the battlefield as men. Kel is a Lupine woman that works hard to keep her edge in combat. She’s cropped her ears and tail so that they wouldn’t provide easy targets.

Lupines Beastfolk descended from great wolves of the primordial age. The Lupines were the first of the Beastfolk to decipher the written language of their Oahk masters. Sometimes called “Robbers of the Voice” due to this accomplishment.

Moska A smuggler and an information broker who makes his home in Crow’s Peak. Due to the nature of his business, Moska works against the designs of the town’s militia, but he also knows enough to stay out of their way. His white coat is decorated with tattooed images of female death deities and figures of mythic women. He believes they are all interpretations of one figure. He calls this overarching figure of myth “Winter’s Bride”.

Northern Continent A land mass that lies across the Rift from the Cor lands, the only other apart from the Southern Continent. It’s also home to the Oahk Empire and the caverns where they mine for the Deep Iron.

Oahk An ancient people who can trace their lineage back to the age before the Beastfolk walked upright, and before the first Humans made camps. The Oahk tend to be tall, slender and proud. Their mastery of magical arts remains unchallenged by any modern practitioner. They are not immortal, but the Oahk can live for centuries and longer.

Oahk Empire Once spanning the length and depth of the Northern Continent, the Oahk Empire has crumbled, leaving only ruins and dusty records of its achievements. There are some that would see the Empire rise again. These people are few, but they’re powerful.

Perrin A boy who was washed ashore from a shipwreck. He makes his home in Crow’s Peak and studies tool-and-die smithing at the town’s forge.


Rouk Rouka Maladan is a retired cavalry officer and constable from Veress City. He quit his position after he was ordered to find and uncover a hidden clan of thieves that he grew to admire. Rouk is an expert manhunter and has a sharp eye for firearms. A native of Veress City, Rouk remembers times of peace and plenty, before the revolutionaries ousted their king.

Rift The unclaimed span of water that runs around the equator, bisecting the world into its two halves and filling the deepest ocean trenches. There isn’t much travel between the Northern and Southern continents due to the breadth of the ocean and voracious currents at work in the Rift, but crossing is certainly possible. Iuda’s Spire is one such place that a crossing would be less dangerous. There are only two land masses to the north and the south, but the Rift itself is peppered with islands, big and small.

Shan-Zhora A city built astride a great river. Like Veress, it’s magi hold sway over the courts and the nobility. Shan-Zhora’s arcane library in known far and wide for its rare volumes and its devoted keepers.

Sephomae A travelling textile merchant with a quick wit and a sharp tongue.

Singer Your humble narrator.

T’Arjek A city lost to a ruinous plague and abandoned by its people. Some still hunt for treasures there, most still fear the sickness that felled its population. Many academics assert that the city never really existed, and that its plague is but an old fable.

Thrundn A disgraced Ursid warrior that took up residence in Crow’s Peak. Thrundn is easily twice the size and twice as strong as the average man of the Cor lands, so he makes his living as an enforcer for Baron Fenton, steward of Crow’s Peak and owner of most of the town’s land.

Titans Machines of war that were built by the Oahk to compensate for their lack of numbers on the battlefield. Their builders took inspiration from nature, so that the Titans walk, fly, and swim like living things. No army has yet been able to stop one.

Ursid Beastfolk descended from bears that make their home in the icy North. Some have been known to travel Southward, but this is a rare event.

Vonja of House Firaga Second-born daughter of King Beldn. Vonja was sent to the Cor lands on a mission with her sister so that she might prove her worth to the family. Vonja was given the shield named Honor by her house.

Vilye of House Firaga First-born of King Beldn’s daughters and a much more capable fighter than her sister. Vilye traveled to the Cor lands with her sister so that she might ensure Vonja’s survival. Vilye was given the sword called Faith by her family’s house.

Veress City The capitol and most influential city of the Cor lands. Veress City was ruled by a dynasty handed down from its original conqueror, Wilhelm of Veress until a revolution that saw his descendant exiled and many loyalists murdered in the streets or swung from the gallows. This revolution takes place about a year before Vonja Firaga sets out of her mission.

~~~

If you made it this far, I want to take a moment to thank you.
I started this project a long time ago and I’m beyond thrilled to have somebody, anybody, walk this world with me. Crow’s Peak is meant to be a series of five or six books but, should I need to write more, I certainly will. Book one, Oathbound, should be out fall 2021. For now, I plan on keeping you all up to date on its progress and adding new artwork to the website as it gets done.

Where to after that?
Anywhere.
Everywhere.
And all points in between.
I hope you’ll all come with me.
-Jim

www.jimavelli.com
