Obsidian Ice
Viper Syndicate Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2022 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


* * * * * *



WARNING

This book contains extreme violence that may be offensive to some readers. It also contains sexual content not suitable for those under eighteen. Don’t say that I didn’t warn you beforehand, because I did.



* * * * * *



Acknowledgements

As always, thank you to Bradley Renshaw for proofreading this book. What would I do without you?



* * * * * *



“From an assassin to another assassin, show them exactly what happens if one crosses a line best left untouched. You understand what I am saying, do you not?”

— Luna Rayne, Black Frost



* * * * * *



1

{2,382, Year of Korintus (Rayne’s Reign)}

Aria Sovlik stared at herself in the mirror and touched a finger lightly over the bruise on her right cheek. Her silver, emerald-green eyes narrowed as she angled her head to get a better look at it. As she watched, the bruise slowly went down, until only the discoloration of it remained. In another minutes, that too, would fade. She sighed, shaking her head as she ran her hands through her long, straight white-blonde hair. She turned from the mirror and walked to the window. Pushing the curtains aside, she peered out into what was considered as day or night time in the endahli dimension of Mirinia. She leaned forward and pressed her nose to the cold glass and smiled dreamily to herself. The pale blue linoleum floor was cold under her bare feet, and she shivered slightly as she clutched the cheap white fabric in one hand. Stepping back, she yanked the curtains from the window and tossed them across the room. She scowled at the thick bars on the other side of the window and rolled her eyes. They weren’t spaced apart enough for her to squeeze through, let alone stick a textbook through them. Ah well, she thought with a sigh and walked back to her hospital-like bed. She sat on the foot of it and glanced at the rectangular mirror she had propped up against one of the two tables in her room. Putting her chin in her hand, she tapped a finger against it thoughtfully. With a shrug, she held out one hand, and her eyes narrowed on the mirror in concentration. A six-inch line appeared on the lower right corner of the mirror, and she smiled as a crack broke the silence around her. A shard of glass shot toward her, and her fingers reflexively closed around it as it landed on her palm. Nodding to herself, she slipped the shard into the pocket of her loose-fitting, powder blue pants that matched her shirt. According to her internal clock, it was around three in the morning. Other than the small table on either side of her bed and the four-by-two-foot mirror, there was nothing in her patted room. It took her years to get a mirror in there with her, and that was just luck on her part, or maybe stupidity on their part. She rolled her eyes at the ceiling and tuck her legs beneath her. A couple of bells to go, she thought to herself and let out a contented sigh.
Footsteps could be heard outside of the rooms as caretakers walked the halls of Skull Valley Manor. Aria still sat on the foot of her bed, in the same position that she was in a couple of bells ago. She stared unblinkingly at the pristine white door across from her. The room was bright, too bright. It was always bright, never dark. It was never out for her. The neon florescent lights bathed the entire room in gold, leaving not even an inch of the six-by-eight room untouched. Her skin was an angry red, raw-looking, and painful. The cuts and bruises were gone, and she smirked as she turned her head to look at herself in the mirror. Satisfied that her injuries—aside from her burning skin—were completely healed, she pulled her legs from under her and got to her feet. Crossing the room, she ran her hand along the door. Where the doorknob should’ve been, there was only smooth white wood under her palm. “Soon,” she said aloud, her voice serene and melodic. “Soon.” The footsteps were getting louder, and Aria dropped her hand from the door. A minute later, it opened to reveal two tall, hooded guards dressed in all black. She smiled at them. “Hello, strangers,” she greeted them sweetly. “Is it time for breakfast?”
“Sovlik, please turn around and place your hands behind your back,” one of them said and held up the thick shackles encrusted with diamonds. She let out a deep sigh and slowly turned. The chains clanged together loudly against her sensitive ears as the two guards shackled her wrists and ankles. “Do you have anything in your pockets, Sovlik?”
“No,” she said slowly. “Why would I?”
“Standard procedure, mam,” the second hooded guard said as he patted her down. Standard procedure, my ass, she thought and laughed softly as he pulled the shard of glass from her pocket. “Where did you get this?”
“I broke off a piece from my mirror,” she replied happily and turned her head to look at one of them behind her. “You two must be new. I don’t recognize your voices. I know everyone here, you know.” She gave him a grin before looking at the one in front of her. She reached out with her mind, feeling the ether as she tentatively drew on the darkness. Pain slammed into her, and she hissed out a breath, groaning as she doubled over. After a moment of catching her breath, she straightened and smiled at them.
“Did you just try to use your magic on us?” the first one asked.
“Well,” she said breathlessly. “doesn’t hurt to try.” She eyed the shard of mirror in his hand and inclined her head. “Besides,” she continued in a cheerful tone. “just because it pains me to draw on my magic, that doesn’t necessarily mean that I fail to draw on it.” She raised her shackled hands and tapped her cheek thoughtfully. “For example, I can do this.” Aria took in a deep breath and blew in the general direction of the mirror. Energy whipped around the room, and she smiled as the shard the guard was holding shot from his hand and impaled itself in the side of his throat. The rest of the mirror that was across the room flew into the air and exploded into a million glittering shards. They swirled around the room like a tornado, stabbing and slicing into the guard in front of her. Hand clamped over the wound in his neck, he staggered back a step and made choking, gasping sounds of pain as blood trickled from the multiple cuts on his body. The guard behind Aria grabbed the chains of her shackles and pulled her from the room, cursing vehemently as he dragged her down the hall. Once she was out of sight of the other guard, the sound of shards clinking together stopped, and she let out a dejected sigh as the broken pieces of the mirror fell to the floor, inert. “It’s a pity,” she said casually and glared at him, trying not to fall and split her head open as he dragged her down the stairs. On the fifth floor, he spun her around and shoved her toward the elevator and growled at someone on his personal E-Net (Dimensional Etheric Network, or E-Net for short). “I didn’t hit his artery like I wanted to.” She pouted and stumbled as the guard pushed her into the bronze-colored lift. She had a brief relief from the burning pain as the doors slid shut, cloaking them in darkness until he pressed a thumb to the scanner and hit the switch to bathe the elevator in a wash of soft yellow light. Aria cursed him, baring her teeth in a snarl.
“That hurt, doesn’t it?” the guard asked and glared at her.
“Bite me,” she hissed at him and jerked at her chains. “When I’m free of these wretched shackles, I’m going to strangle you with them.” She paused, and then smiled. “Never mind, I have a better idea.”
“Why do you have a mirror in your room?”
“So I can admire myself,” she said sarcastically. She glared at him, silently cursing him out in several languages. She wasn’t going to tell this asshole why she needed the mirror, because fuck that shit. There was no point in telling him, even if she was going to kill him. Eventually. “None of your business,” she snapped as the doors slid open on the main floor. The smell of roasted beef teased her nose, and she breathed it in, savoring it. The guard dragged her from the elevator, turning left instead of right. She gave him a pout as they walked away from the kitchen.
“Shane would like to see you,” the guard said tightly.
“That’s great!” she said enthusiastically as they turned a corner and walked a short distance to a closed white door. The guard knocked, before opening it and pulling Aria inside.
“Sir, Aria Sovlik at your request, sir.”
“Thank you, Devlin,” the tall golden-blue-eyed redarian male with midnight-black hair, golden-tan skin, and white wings said and nodded to the door. “You may go.” The guard pushed Aria further into the room, before stepping back out into the hall and closing the door firmly shut behind him. She stumbled, just barely able to catch the edge of the desk. Righting herself, she scowled at Shane. He let out a heavy sigh and nodded to one of the three light blue armchairs. “Have a seat,” he continued and folded his hands under his chin, watching her cautiously. Aria muttered something unintelligible under her breath and awkwardly walked to the farthest chair from the window. She sat, her eyes narrowed on Shane standing behind his desk.
“Did the endahlians get to him in time?” she asked after a moment.
“Yes, they did.” She pouted and gripped the chain of her shackles with both hands. “You seem displeased by that news.”
“I am,” she muttered. His muscles rippled as he placed his hands on the desk and gripped the edge of it, as if he was struggling not to throw a golden fireball her way. He took in a deep breath and scowled at her.
“You said you need the mirror to, and I quote, ‘regenerate’. Was that not true?”
“It was the partial truth,” Aria said grudgingly.
“What do you mean by that? I never heard of nairues needing a mirror to heal.” She wasn’t just a nairue, was she? She thought and smirked inwardly.
“They don’t,” she replied dryly. “The moon and the stars work just fine.”
“Not for you?”
She glared at him. “You know, for a redari, you sure seem very interested in the nairues.”
He frowned. “You’re here,” he pointed out to her. “That makes it my interest.”
Aria chuckled and shook her head. “No,” she said slowly, thoughtfully. “You’re specifically more interested in me.”
“Fine, think what you will.” He sat and leaned back in his comfy black executive chair. “Let’s get to the point.” She arched an eyebrow and waited, trying not to wince in pain from the small amount of light streaming through the window. “Why?”
“Why… what?”
He sighed. “Let’s not play games, Aria.”
She smiled a slow, cruel smile. “Because I was bored.” She leaned forward in her chair and tightened her grip on the chain. “Do you have any idea how boring it is being locked up here?”
“It’s for your safety. You know this.”
“Really?” she asked coolly. “Is it really for my safety? Or is it to keep others safe from me?”
“Both.”
“I’ve been locked up here for…” she paused, frowning. “how long, now? A hundred? Two hundred? Five hundred years?” She released the chain and dug her fingers into her thighs. “How long have I been in here, exactly?” Shane picked up his E-Net and slid his finger across the display, barely touching it. It was a sleek black touch-screen, palm-sized device with a few buttons and a couple of switches. The air between his finger and the display pulsed, shimmering as it took form. Aria watched him intently, a pinprick of red in her green eyes as he quickly scrolled through them. Finding what he was looking for, he set down the E-Net and looked at her. “Don’t round down the number to spare my feelings,” Aria said coldly. “The sentimental side of me? It died long, long ago.”
He cleared his throat and eyed her cautiously out the corner of his eye. “nine hundred and fifty-one years…” he paused, and then winced. “as of four months ago.” Aria burst out laughing, hunching into herself and trembling as he watched her warily. After a long moment, she straightened and wiped away tears of mirth as she took in a deep, calming breath.
“I was expecting you to say two thousand years or more.” She smirked. “and I thought I was keeping up with the times. Guess I was way, way wrong.” She sighed. “Books can only get you so far. But of course, you wouldn’t know that, would you?”
“Who gave you the mirror?” He asked and scowled. “You may have told me why you needed it, but I have not authorized it.”
“What do you think I am? A snitch?”
“You know that I’ll find out sooner or later.”
“That’s true, but in the meantime, I plead the fifth.”
“We don’t follow the human constitution, as you very well know.”
“I know,” Aria said and smiled at him. “but I really do like the fifth amendment.”
He sighed. “Very well. At least tell me this, how were you able to hide it?” He got up from his desk and walked to the door. “For future security purposes, of course.”
“Of course,” Aria said sweetly and got up from her chair. “I hid it under my bed. For some reason, nobody ever looks there. Not if they don’t have to. If you ask me, I say that’s a breach in security. After all, security sweep is every month, and I only had the mirror for a couple of weeks.” She walked toward him, smirking. “What happened? Was there a sudden change in management?”
“A little,” Shane said and opened the door, revealing four guards standing in the hall.
“Humph.”
“Take her back to her room,” he instructed the four redari guards. “And have food sent to her.”
“Yes, sir,” one of the guards said as Aria stepped out into the hall. One of them grabbed hold of the chain and pulled. With a sigh, she reluctantly allowed them to take her back to her room. As it was, she had things to think about, and total isolation—her room—was just the place to plan something bloody, deliciously bloody, and gruesomely bloody.


* * * * * *



2

In the bedroom of one of the residential homes, Aurora Trolikta thrashed and writhed amidst her blankets and pillows. She was having a vision, a nightmare. It came to her slowly, cold fingers creeping into her brain. In her vision, she was standing in the middle of a room somewhere, and there were puddles of blue blood of the nairues mixed with the gold blood of the redarians. Dismembered limbs and organs were strewn across the room, and she shuddered. “Do you like my handiwork?” a sweet, melodic voice asked from behind her. She struggled to break free of the vision, but it was no use as a tall figure with white-blonde hair and skin the color of fresh snow—well, at that moment, it was more like raw-looking red—walked around to face her. She frowned, even as her physical body flailed and kicked at empty air.
“Aria,” she whispered and took a step back. She wasn’t having a vision after all. It was something else.
“You’re dreaming,” Aria said and smiled. “What you see before you, it’s less horrifying than what I have in mind. It will be much, much worse.”
“What do you want?” She asked, looking anywhere but at those cold, flat green eyes staring back at her.
“I want another mirror.”
“But I just gave you one a couple of weeks ago.”
Aria slowly closed the distance between them and placed a hand that was slowly turning from red to pink on her shoulder. “I know,” she said softly. Since they were in dreamscape, she could control what happens in it. Therefore, it was completely dark, allowing her to heal. “but I exploded the one you got me.” She reached out with her other hand and stroked her fingers over one of the sky-blue wings. “I love your wings,” she said with a sigh. “They’re so pretty. And soft.” She gently tugged on one of the feathers, until one came loose in her hand. Aria squealed in delight and brought the feather close to her face, taking a step back from her longtime friend.
“I don’t think I can get your mirror so soon,” Aurora said cautiously.
She frowned, clutching the feather in her hand. “I don’t need a big one. I feel terrible without it.” She bent, dragging a finger through the congealing gold blood. “Do you think it will hurt me if I drink it?” she asked, watching the gold liquid slide from her fingertip.
“Yes, whatever happens in the dream world, happens in the real world. You said so yourself. Remember?”
“Hmm,” she said and scowled. “You’re right.” She smeared the blood between her pointer finger and thumb before straightening. Aurora gasped, watching as the nairue popped her fingers into her mouth and sucked them clean. “Bring me a mirror, or I’ll add a river of silver to my beautiful canvas. I do need more colors. They’re so pretty.” As she doubled over and began to cough, Aurora was jolted from the dream. She screamed, cursing as she fell off the bed and onto her face.
“Son of a bitch!” she exclaimed and flared her wings wide. “God damn it you, Aria! Must you do this to me?” With a huff, she pushed from the floor, her wings flapping as she mentally reached out and grabbed hold of the air currents that breezed through her opened window. She inhaled deeply, tasting the air for any danger as she landed on her feet and folded her wings tight against her back. Sensing nothing, she glanced around her oceanic-themed room and walked to the door. Opening it, she stuck her head out and listened for any sign of life. “Althea?” she called out into the silence. Her senses were good, but they were not as sharp as the nairues. “Are you up?”
“In the kitchen. I’m making lunch.”
“Good,” Aurora said and stepped from her room. She walked to the stairs and peered over the railing. “because I’m starving.” Placing her hands on the smooth, Cherrywood railing, she vaulted it and landed in a silent crouch on the ground floor. With a grunt, she straightened and headed into the kitchen. “What are you making?” she asked the tall, slender endahlian female at the counter chopping up onions.
“Lambchops.” She stopped chopping and brandished the knife at her. “Hope wants onion soup. So,” she stabbed a purple onion with a little more force than was necessary and scowled. “that is why I’m crying my eyes out.” She sniffled and looked up at her. “Did you sleep well?”
Aurora shrugged. “I did…”
“But?”
She walked to Althea’s side and leaned in close. “Aria paid me another visit,” she whispered. She dropped the knife on the cutting board and turned to stare at her.
“She did not,” she hissed.
“Oh, she did,” Aurora said and shuddered. “I thought I was having a vision at first.” Althea whistled and grabbed up the knife. Turning back to the onions, she began murdering them.
“What did she want?”
“What she wanted last time.”
“She needs another one?”
She grunted and leaned against the counter. “She exploded the one I gave her.”
Althea winced. “Did she kill someone?”
“No idea.”
“How about in the dream?”
Aurora grunted. “Yeah,” she said slowly. “At least two… maybe three.”
Althea nodded. “Are you going to visit her tonight?”
“Yeah. Are you feeling up to joining me?” Grimacing, she nodded. Aurora let out a sigh of relief and grabbed up a few chopped onions, eyeing them speculatively before popping them into her mouth.
“You’re weird. You know that?” Althea muttered under her breath and turned to the stove.
“Look who’s talking,” She said dryly and walked to the table. “Eat any bunnies lately?”
“I don’t eat poor fluffy animals.”
“If you’re turning into a nairue, please warn us in advance.”
“Hi, Hope,” Althea said enthusiastically and smiled at the youngling. “The only way I’m becoming a nairue is by restructuring my entire genetic code.” The twelve-year-old nairue with long, white-blonde hair and silver, emerald-green eyes harrumphed and stalked over to the table. Pulling out a chair, she flopped into it with a sigh.
“I’m coming with you to see my mother.”
“Wouldn’t argue with that,” she said and shot Aurora a worried look. “I just hope—no pun intended—that she’s in a good mood. If not? We’re fucked.”
On the sixth floor of the manor, two guards stood outside Aria’s closed door. They snapped to attention as Shane Azira walked down the cream-colored carpet that ran up and down the only hall on that floor. He held his E-Net in his hand, scowling as he came to a stop before them. “Did you check on her?”
“Yes, sir,” one of the guards said, frowning. “Every fifteen minutes as you have instructed, sir.” Shane nodded and gestured for them to step aside as he reached to unbolt the door. The two guards eyed him warily as they moved several steps back. “Is there a problem, sir?” the second guard asked.
“We’ll find out in just a minute,” Shane said and pulled open the door. He looked inside, and then cursed under his breath. Setting his E-Net on the hall table, he flashed into the room and to Aria’s side. He crouched before her and lifted her chin with a finger. Blue blood poured from her eyes, ears, nose and mouth. The creepy part about the whole situation was the slight smile on her face. Wiping away some of the blood, Shane looked into the dazed green eyes and groaned inwardly. The pinpricks of red he glimpsed earlier in his office almost swallowed up the entire green of her eyes. Not good, he thought and scowled. With a sigh, he turned to the guards. “Turn off the lights.” Bracing himself, he pressed a hand to her cheek and winced from the coolness of her skin and the sudden darkness of the room. If he had to guess, her temperature was probably thirty, thirty-five degrees lower than what was considered normal for nairues. “Call Saskia.”
“On it,” one of the guards said, and Shane groaned in pain as he pulled the door shut. His skin slowly turned from tan to grey as the lifeforce slowly drained from him. He gritted his teeth against it and slowly breathed in through his nose and out his mouth.
“Aria?”
“Hmm?”
“What did you do?”
She let out a happy sigh as her head lolled to the side. “Nothing,” she whispered. “Nothing at all.” He scowled at her and gently shoved her backward onto the bed. She glowered up at him and pulled the white blanket over herself. “I don’t feel good. Away with you.”
Shane chuckled, shaking his head. “No can do,” he said tightly and straightened. Pulling out a handheld light in the shape of a dome, he clicked it on and turned his back to her. He sighed in relief as the light bathed him in a soft golden glow. Aria pulled the blanket over her head and weakly kicked at him. He scowled and sat on the foot of her bed. “I’m not leaving until you tell me what happened. You’re bleeding from your pores.”
“I was dozing.”
He cursed. “How many did you kill?”
“You don’t know?”
“I want to hear it from you.”
She sighed and curled into herself. “Three. Two nairues and one redari.” Before Shane could say more, the door opened and a cautious-looking endahli entered.
“Shane?” the endahlian female said in greetings.
“Saskia, thank you for coming on such short notice.”
“No problem,” Saskia said and stopped before the pool of blue blood on the floor. “Hello, Aria.” She grunted, trapping the blanket under herself. She could still feel the heat of Shane’s light, and she scowled in the cocooned of darkness she made for herself. “Do you mind if I have a look at you?”
“Yes,” Aria hissed, grabbing at the blanket as Shane pulled it from her.
“This is just precaution,” Saskia said, and Aria let out a yelp as she and Shane snapped golden-silver cuffs around her ankles. She gritted her teeth against the painful drain of her magic and glared at them.
“Are those really necessary?”
“Yes,” Shane said and stepped from the room.
“Please sit up and bring out your wings.”
She sat up and scowled. “I can’t release my wings.”
The endahlian healer frowned. “Why not?”
“You never asked to see my wings before. Why now?”
“Because from what I can see so far, you’re bleeding from every imaginable place you can think of. While you’re at it, you also need to remove your clothes.”
“Of course,” Aria muttered and swung her legs to the side of the bed. Hoping she wouldn’t fall on her face, she pushed herself to her feet. She reached out with one hand, gripping the edge of the table as the room spun around her.
“Her wings were bound centuries ago,” Shane said from the hall.
Saskia winced. “I don’t suppose you can lift the binding?” She reached out a hand and grabbed hold of Aria’s upper arm, steadying her as she dropped her pants and shrugged out of her shirt.
“I’m not sure if that would do more harm to her or not.”
“I’ll be the judge of that.”
He nodded. “I would have to get rid of the darkness.”
“I’ll shield myself. Do what you must.” After a brief hesitation, he nodded and stepped into the room. Aria yelled in pain as the lights came on and scorched her skin. The two guards came in, one of them holding a plastic red bin of hot water. A nairue entered the room behind them, holding a couple of washcloths and towels in her arms.
“Hello, sister,” she said and smiled. “How are you today?”
“In pain,” Aria replied and groaned. “Thanks for asking.”
“Jayna,” Saskia said and grabbed a washcloth from her. “Thanks for bringing these.”
“Anytime,” Jayna said and set the rest of the stuff on the table. Going over to her sister, she spread one of her midnight-blue wings. Aria let out a shudder of relief as some of the light was blocked out.
“How long can you hold that up?” Shane asked, waving at the invisible shadowy barrier that she had up around herself.
“Long enough for her to be healed.” In truth, she could hold it indefinitely, if it came to that.
“Okay,” he said slowly and placed his hands on Aria’s shoulders. Turning her around, he put a hand on her back and took in a deep breath. “This will hurt. I’m sorry.”
“Just do it,” she growled, and then arched her back in agony as a tendril of light slowly unraveled from her. “Fucking… son of a… bitch!” she snarled and gripped the bed railing hard, her eyes squeezed shut. Jayna watched nervously and held her breath for anything. Knowing her sister, anything could happen. Hissing and spitting, she tensed up in pain and suddenly went limp. Jayna caught her before her face could hit the blood-drenched mattress and eased her onto it. Shane stepped back and nodded as the last tendril of light broke and vanished.
“Be careful,” he said as Jayna pressed two fingers to her sister’s neck, checking for a pulse. The nairue nodded, pulling back with a sigh of relief.
“Weak,” she told the endahlian healer as she stepped up beside the bed. She nodded and ran a finger over Aria’s throat.
“I was right,” Saskia said softly and trailed her hand down to her stomach. “Poison.” She straightened. “I still like to see her wings. But first, let’s take her into the bathroom.” They nodded, and Jayna bent, lifting Aria into her arms and covering her with her own wings.
In the large but modest bathroom, Jayna pushed the plastic white shower curtain aside with her shoulder and stepped into the four-person bathtub. Going over to the bench, she sat her sister down and turned on the water. “Out,” she said to Shane and pointed to the opened door. She stepped from the tub and quickly stripped out of her clothes. She shoved at a scowling Shane and glared at him. “Out. Don’t make me throw you out of the window,” she warned. Muttering something about females, he stepped from the bathroom and clothes the door behind him. “Now then,” Jayna said and plunged the bathroom into darkness. “let’s clean you up. Shall we?”
“Mm-hmm,” Aria said weakly and stared off into space.
“Oh, you’re conscious.” She tucked away her wings and stepped back into the tub. Her sister looked down at herself and chuckled under her breath. She pointed to the blue-tinted water running down the drain and arched an eyebrow in question. “Yeah,” Jayna said slowly. “Let’s get all of that off you, okay?” she asked and stuck a pink washcloth under the running water. Aria remained silent, watching as she stepped in close and washed the blood off her face and the rest of her. “Stand up,” she said and helped Aria onto her feet. She placed her hands on the grab bar, gently squeezing them and silently telling her to hold on. “You’re not bleeding anymore,” she continued conversationally as she wiped away the rest of the blood. Aria nodded and reached for the purple bottle of shampoo and conditioner.
“I can do my hair,” she said and shivered as Jayna eased her back on the bench.
“Okay, let me know if you need help.” She squeezed a glob into her hand, nodding as she set the bottle on the shelf. Jayna washed the blood from the cloth and stepped out, never taking her eyes from her sister. Aria scowled, kicking at the dirty water, as if that would make it go down the drain faster. Muttering unintelligibly to herself, she massaged the shampoo into her hair. Gently running her fingers through the strands and scratching at her scalp, she blinked innocently at her younger sister. There was a knock on the door, and Jayna opened it, stepping back for Saskia to enter. Aria hissed angrily as the light from the hall touched her. She stood from the bench and reached for the curtain, pulling it shut. She winced as the metal rings slid across the rod like the sound of nails on a chalkboard.
“Don’t open it until I say so,” Aria snapped and squeezed the suds from her hair. Saskia and Jayna glanced at each other before shrugging. The nairue stepped further into the darkened bathroom and leaned against the sink counter, folding her arms across her chest. Behind the curtain, Aria stared blankly at the wall in front of her, seeing nothing as she methodically shampooed her hair for the second time. Turning on the showerhead, she turned her back to the spray and tilted her head with a heavy sigh. She ran her fingers through the strands, untangling them. Grabbing up a bar of pink soap, she quickly soaped up and stood in the middle of the hot spray. After a moment, she set the soap back on the shelf and scowled down at herself. Stupid poison, she thought to herself and dropped onto the bench before the weakness could overwhelm her. Leaning forward, she shut off the water and groaned as sudden dizziness took hold.
“Don’t puke,” her sister said loudly and pulled back the curtain. Aria rolled her eyes and grabbed her outstretched hand. Jayna pulled her from the tub and wrapped a pink fluffy towel around her. She put down the toilet lid and sat as Saskia came to stand before her.
“No more poisoning yourself,” the healer said firmly and wrapped her hands around her throat. Warmth flooded Aria’s entire body, and she shuddered as the magic worked its way through her bloodstream, slowly purging the poison. After a long couple of minutes, the healer dropped her hands and nodded. “Let me see your wings.” Grumbling, Aria leaned forward and rolled her shoulders, grunting as a pair of midnight-blue wings shot from her back. “Huh,” Saskia said in interest and pulled her to her feet. Aria walked to the center of the bathroom and spread her wings wide, feeling truly happy for the first time in a very long time. Now that they were unbound, she was going to kill anyone that tried to re-bind her wings. Saskia studied her wings intently, looking them over for… something that she couldn’t name. “Fold your wings and open them?” Aria did what she was told and glared at the floor as she did so. Nodding to herself, the healer reached out a hand and began prodding at them. “Anything hurting?” She shook her head and folded her wings tight to her back.
“Is she good?” Shane asked from down the hall. Saskia arched an eyebrow in question, and the nairue gave her a long, suffering look.
“Just weak,” she muttered and glanced at Jayna as she stepped forward, holding out her wrist. Aria’s teeth became razor sharp as she took hold of her arm and brought it to her mouth.
“If you eat my flesh, I’m going to punch out your brain,” she warned, and then hissed in pain as Aria tore into her arm with a snarl. “Ahhh, you bitch!” she yelled as she jerked her head back and swallowed the mouthful of flesh and blood. Cursing up a storm, Jayna flashed to the sink and held her bleeding arm over it. Slowly, her skin knitted back together, and the bleeding stopped. Aria laughed with amusement, licking away the remaining blood as energy coursed through her.
“Thank you,” she said, turning into mist and melting into the bathroom mirror.
“Damn it,” the nairue standing at the sink said and sighed. Turning on the tap, she washed the blood from her arm and winced. “She won’t leave until she has her full strength back.” On the foggy mirror in front of her, words began to slowly form. Jayna grabbed a dry washcloth and wiped at the glass until she could see herself clearly. Above her reflected head, it read in glowing red letters: ‘Just be glad that the only places with mirrors are the fucking bathrooms.’ The sentence faded, and a glowing yellow smiley face took its place. Jayna snorted and took a step back.
“How long will you be in there for?” Saskia asked and looked at herself in the mirror dubiously. Under the smiley face, another sentence appeared, reading: ‘For as long as I want to be in here.’ The healer harrumphed and walked from the bathroom. Jayna laughed under her breath, shaking her head as she followed the endahli out and closed the door behind her with a loud snap. In the mirror, Aria laughed with glee as shadow and light danced a hypnotic dance, coiling and uncoiling like serpents.


* * * * * *



3

Hope Sovlik moved her hand back and forth in the cold water, staring in fascination at the ripples she was creating. She cupped the water in her hand, feeling the liquid slipping between her fingers to splash back into the bluish-silver metal bowl she was holding. In Winter Veil, the frozen town that took up fifty percent of Rislyn—the realm of shadows inhabited by nairues—the twelve-year-old youngling sat cross-legged on the slick ground and looked up at the full, dark red moon. Icy wind battered against her and blew her white-blonde hair from her face, but Hope barely felt it as snow flurries swirled around her. Two dark blue beams cut across her vision, and she let out a yelp of surprise and pain. Setting down the bowl of water, she turned her head to glare at the silver spherical thing standing beside her. It stared blankly back at her, and she scowled as another dark blue beam shot from its right eye. “Stop that,” she hissed.
“Incoming,” a female voice said in a monotone.
Hope froze. “What?” she whispered to the AI. Its round head slowly rotated, and she winced at the loud clicking sound it was making. From its center, a golden circular-like device appeared and beeped twice in rapid succession.
“Solar flare activated,” the AI said, its head returning to its original position to stare blankly at Hope. “Now awaiting orders.”
“You didn’t wait to activate the solar flare,” Hope muttered and got slowly to her feet as she looked around. Jayna, she called, reaching out mentally to her caretaker when she wasn’t with her father. “Fly,” she said to the AI and walked around until she was behind it. She jabbed a finger at a button located in the center of the spherical body, releasing a pair of serrated black wings. “And don’t be seen.” The sound of gears whirring and grinding together were loud to Hope’s ears as the AI launched itself into the air and disappeared. The young nairue stared after her AI and smiled. A second later, her silver, emerald-green eyes went flat, and a child’s cold laugh could be heard as the moon disappeared behind a thick fog of gathering shadows.
Under the cloak of pitched darkness, a sibilant hiss broke the silence, and something slowly slithered across the frozen ground as it made its way into the trees. In the small clearing, two figures dressed in black from head to toe slowly scanned their surroundings as the hissing grew louder. One of them held up a hand and pulled out a small plastic cylinder the size of a chicken egg. Holding it between two gloved hands, the figure slowly bent at it, until a soft crack could be heard. With a swift move, it threw it underhandedly in the general direction of the hiss. Both figures leapt into the air, their midnight-black wings flaring out behind them. A dark blue beam shot across the sky and cut into the neck of one of the figures, decapitating it and causing blue blood to arc through the air like a cloud of thick mist. The second figure dodged, missing the other beam by a scant inch. On the ground, a twenty feet long black snake slithered up a tree and hissed, its tongue flicking in and out as acid green eyes stared after the retreating figure. Come back soon, a female voice hissed into the figure’s mind. We’re just getting started. Hot fingers wrapped around the snake’s tail and gently pulled at it. She uncoiled from the tree and dropped to the ground with a loud thud. She quickly slithered out of sight, her tail rattling in agitation and annoyance as she disappeared behind one of the trees.
Hope stood in the middle of the clearing, pouting as she stood naked and trembling. Her right foot twitched, as if it had a mind of its own. It felt like she was stung by a freaking wasp, her breaths coming out in short pants. “Let me see,” Jayna said softly as she stepped from the canopy of trees. She gingerly sat on the ground and extended her right leg, wincing as she saw the bleeding wound; a wound that wasn’t healing like it should.
“It’s bad, isn’t it?” the youngling asked, and her leg twitched as Jayna placed a gentle hand on her ankle.
“Could have been much, much worse.”
“I wasn’t fast enough,” she muttered and scowled. “If only I was faster, I could’ve escaped the fucking solar stick.”
“If you had not move when you did, it would have adhered to most of your leg, maybe more.” Hope sighed and nodded, tracing shapes on the ground beside her. “Let’s head in, and then you can give Aurora a call.” Jayna lifted her into her arms and flashed from the clearing. “Before you start complaining that we can heal ourselves, I want to be completely sure that there is no trace of solar in you. I really don’t want to get on your mother’s bad side.” Hope smirked as she reached out and opened the door. She stepped into the small but cozy home and headed into the kitchen. Setting Hope on the table, she went back to the front door and looked out. “Ah,” she said with a heavy sigh. “here she comes.” She entered the living room, picking up a hand mirror before entering the kitchen. At the front door, the AI stood waiting. “Patrol and guard,” Jayna said and handed Hope the mirror.
“Patrol and guard,” the AI repeated and vanished with a whirring click. Hope glanced at the mirror in her hand and meld her mind with it. She mentally reached out and wrote Aurora’s name in glowing blue, even as she physically traced the letters on the cold glass with a finger. Sensing that she was at the right place, she mentally reached out and knocked on the metaphorical mirror. She continued to write on the physical one, until she saw the endahlian female’s reflection staring back at her.
“Jump me over, Jayna,” Aurora said from the mirror in Hope’s hand. She pulled back, squeezing her eyes shut as a soft blue light switched on from the counter. Jayna mentally reached out, shielding both her and Hope from the blue glare. Hope set down the mirror and peered at her still bleeding foot. She looked up a second later, snickering as Aurora let out a startled yelp.
“Yep,” the endahli said, shivering with cold. “I think I still prefer the portal.” Jayna chuckled, walking to the front door and slamming it shut. “What do we have here?” Aurora asked, pulling out a chair and dropping into it. She gently took Hope’s ankle into her hand and looked at the wound. The young nairue sucked in a sharp breath, gasping as Aurora ran her finger over the bottom of her foot. Her leg spasmed, and she yelled in pain and annoyance, kicking the healer with her good foot. Aurora ignored the assault, weaving lunar and her magic together and sending them into the wound. Hope kicked harder, yelling and cursing as her entire body felt like it was freezing from the inside out. “Sixty more seconds and you’re free,” the healer said reassuringly and patted her leg, releasing her.
“I hate you,” Hope growled and slid off the table to the floor.
“Thank you,” Jayna said and smiled. “Ignore her. She’s a little… mess up in the head. She doesn’t know right from wrong.” The youngling snorted, holding her foot off the floor with one hand and rubbing at the healed wound with the other.
“Well,” Aurora said and got to her feet. “At least she’s not Aria.”
“Hey!” Hope snapped. “I’ll eat your eyeballs for dinner!”
“See what I mean?” Jayna asked and ruffled the young nairue’s white-blonde hair. Aurora chuckled and walked into the living room.
“I’ll see you in a couple of bells, Hope.” Hope grunted, dropping her foot to the floor and standing. She looked down at herself and scowled as she walked down the black marbled floor to her room. The walls were dark purple, changing to midnight-blue as she entered her room.
The moment Aurora stepped through the portal, Jayna clicked off the light and let out a sigh of relief. Sure, it was necessary to have one source of light whenever dealing with a healer in shadowscape, but she didn’t have to like any of it. She resisted the urge to break the damn sphere and grabbed a washcloth from the counter. She wiped the dark blood from the floor the best she could and walked to the opposite counter. Dropping the bloodied cloth into the dark blue basin, she grabbed the spigot from the hook on the wall and pressed down on the lever. Water streamed from the spout, and she filled it halfway before releasing it and setting it aside. She washed the blood from the cloth and wringed it out. She yanked the stopper from the drain and watched the blue tinted water disappeared as she hung the cloth over the metal bar to dry. Like any other nairues, her home was equipped with many ways to do things such as obtaining water; the old way of doing everything by hand, the dangerous, but doable electricity way, and everybody’s favorite: doing everything digitally. She smirked at that thought and grabbed a hand towel. Wiping her hands dry, she walked to her room and into her closet. She dressed in a pair of black slacks and a navy-blue shirt, glancing at the box of colorful pens on her dresser. Stepping from the closet, she walked over to it and picked up the blue transparent box. They weren’t really pens, per se, they were more like… tracers; used for runes, communication, and more. Popping open the box, Jayna took out a red tracer and uncapped it. She glowered at herself in the mirror and took in a deep breath. Picturing her sister in her mind and firmly holding the image in place, she began to trace the empty air in front of her. The air pulsed, and words appeared in midair, glowing red like a warning sign.

‘Update:
Two nairues tried to take Hope. One of them tossed a solar stick before they took off. Hope was slightly injured, nothing major, Aurora saw to her. As for the intruders, the AI took out one, and the other escaped. I have a feeling that this is not the last we see of them. Whatever this is, I believe this is their way of getting to you. Whatever you are planning, enact on it very soon.

Your Beloved Sister,
Jayna’

Jayna set the box down and capped the tracer. She pursed her lips in thought, and then nodded to herself. Taking in a deep breath, she blew at the hovering words until all traces of the glowing red letters were gone. Dropping the red tracer back into the box, she shut the lid and walked to the opened door of her room. “Hope,” she called and strode down the hall. Gathering her hair in her hands, she tied it back with a pale pink elastic band. Hope opened the door and peered out at her. “You ready to leave?”
“I am, but what about the dead body?”
“Mia is taking care of it.” She nodded and stepped from the room as Jayna came to a stop a couple of feet from her. Dressed in all black, the youngling looked up at her and bared her teeth. Jayna frowned at her as her long, sharp fangs snapped down with a click. “What are those for?”
“I’m pissed,” Hope growled, opening her mouth wider as acid pooled on her tongue. “And I’m hungry.” She frowned, her fangs snapping back up into her mouth as she swallowed. “Aren’t you?” Jayna nodded, smirking as she took the youngling’s hand into her own.
“We’ll see,” the taller of the two said softly. “We’ll see. But for now, let’s go pick up Aurora and Althea.” She nodded, her eyes going cold as they became one with the shadows.
Aria stood in the middle of her brightly lit room and shook with rage as she stared at the hovering message in front of her. “It won’t be long now,” she said in a tremulous whisper. Sucking in a shuddering breath, she raised a scorched hand and sliced it through the air, scattering the words into the ether. She eyed the door and smiled as footsteps reached her ears. It opened a minute later, and she hissed as a gold collar snapped around her neck. “You have visitors,” one of the two guards said and held up the shackles. Aria bared her teeth and hissed at them. Reluctantly, she held out her hands and allowed them to shackle her wrists and ankles. One of them grabbed the chain and pulled her to the blanket that was spread out on the floor. She dropped onto it and placed her shackled hands in her lap as the guard walked back to the opened door. “Send them up,” he said to the other guard as he stepped out of the room. Aria sat up, her blood vibrating as she moved to the wall and put her back to it. A shudder ran through her entire body as her room was plunged into darkness. Aurora and Althea filled the doorway, blocking out most of the light filtering from the hall. A tall nairue male stood behind them, veiled in shadows and holding a black snake in his arms. The two endahlians stepped back from the door, allowing him to enter the room. Once inside, he bent and set the snake on the floor. Straightening, he turned to Aria and smirked as he closed the distance between them. Behind him, the snake rose onto its tail. With a blast of frigid magic, it transformed into a young, naked nairue female. Her silver-green eyes shined with tears, and she threw herself into Aria’s arms as the male dropped down beside her.
“Hope,” Aria said softly and wrapped her arms around her daughter.
“That is new,” Siro said thoughtfully and tapped a finger against the collar. “What did you do?”
“Me?” she asked innocently and patted their daughter’s head affectionately. He chuckled and wrapped an arm around her shoulders.
“I brought you something,” Hope said and shifted until she was sitting somewhat sideway in her mother’s lap, her legs bent and twisted in an awkward position.
“You did?” she asked in a singsong voice. “I wonder what it could be.” Hope wrapped her arms around her neck and smiled. “Will I like it?”
“You will love it.”
“I’m afraid to ask,” Siro said dryly and ruffled her hair.
“I promise you will like it, father,” she said happily and turned her head to nuzzle his hand. Aria smiled and ran her fingers through her hair.
“I’m sure that we will like it,” she reassured her. “Even if you got me a piece of string.”
Hope frowned. “Maybe if I got you a magical string.”
“I will love whatever you bring me, sweetheart.”
“Good,” she said and dropped her arms from around her mother’s neck. Aria released her hold as she slipped from her lap and onto the floor beside her. Hope leaned toward her, her eyes sparkling. “But I don’t think I can give it to you here,” she whispered, low enough for only her mother to hear.
“Can you show me?”
“Maybe,” she said thoughtfully and glanced at the door. Althea smiled at her, before waving and disappearing from the doorway. Hope sat up straighter and waved her hand in the air.
“It’s in the ether?” Aria asked, and she nodded. Siro dropped his arm from her and scowled at Hope. “Show me.” She nodded and held out her hands, turning them until her palms faced the ceiling. The air above them turned opaque, condensing into a twelve-by-twelve box-like shape. The edges pulsed silver, and Aria leaned forward, peering into the grey mist that was the ether. She squinted, and then blinked in surprise as she spotted the black fluffy cat, her paws white as fresh snow. She blinked her glowing green eyes at Aria and purred. “Oh, you adorable little furball,” she said sweetly to her as she stalked forward, stopping an inch from the small, pulsing rip in dimensions. “Hello, Mia.” She smiled. “I see that you have my sword.” The cat purred and opened her mouth, releasing the fifty-two-inch sword. The ether rippled as it landed, and Mia’s tail lashed through the air as she stepped back. “Hope,” Aria said with excitement. “would you be a dear and do something for me?” she asked as she stared at the sword. The blade itself was silver and forty inches long; deadly-looking, the edges sharp and tapered to a narrow point at the tip. The pommel and the hilt were black with a midnight-blue grip that matched the wing-shaped guard. Aria’s hands itched to reached into the ether and pull it out. Because of the specially-made shackles and collar, she couldn’t. She clenched her hands into fists and growled low in her throat. Aurora stood over the three of them, her wings spread wide as she covered them.
“What are you thinking?” Aurora asked suspiciously and poked at the bubble.
“Hey!” Hope squawked and snapped her teeth at the endahli. “No poke.” Aurora smirked down at the young nairue and snatched her hand back. Hope snickered and clapped her hands together; the small rip vanishing with a pop of displaced air.
“Oh,” Aria said casually. “you’ll see it soon enough.” The endahli frowned. “Keep an eye on the E-Net.”
She winced. “Why do I have a feeling that I won’t like it?”
Aria shrugged. “You know, Aurora,” she said serenely. “you are just. No fun at all.” She placed a kiss on Hope’s forehead and smiled as she whispered into her daughter’s mind.
A redarian male stood silently beside an opened door that lead out onto the balcony. He knew that he was dreaming, but for some reason, it felt very real as he peered out into the night. His stomach bottomed out every time he tried to force himself to wake. He stepped back from the darkness and into the brightly lit room, scowling. The air around him was oppressive, and he took in a deep breath as he looked around his empty room. It should have been bright as day outside, but it wasn’t. It was pitched black out, and a cold chill skittered down his spine as the lights flickered, as if… He spun around, his senses on high alert as he took a more careful sweep of the room. “Poor, poor redari,” a young female voice said from somewhere that he couldn’t see.
“Nairue,” he growled and stalked to the balcony door. “Show yourself.”
“Why? This is more fun.” He smashed the glass door, quickly stepping back before his skin could prickle and tightened to the point of pain. “That won’t help.”
“What are you doing?” he snapped.
“Are you that stupid?” she asked with a sigh. “I’m here to kill you.” He tried to put up a shield of light, only to remember that he was in a dream. He cursed and flashed to the center of the room, glaring at the rippling shadows.
“What do you want?”
“Besides killing you?” He stiffened, hissing as the light went out completely. Over his head, a single light came back on, and he shuddered as the darkness drew closer. He squinted, trying to see beyond the shadows. “We need to talk.”
“If you want to talk, then meet me. In reality. Not here.” The nairue stilled, and he held his breath, waiting.
“Fine,” she said with a deep sigh. “Be sure to check your E-Net when you wake up.” With a mutter, his stomach dropped as everything blurred around him. He woke with a jolt, cursing as he sat up and reached for his white four-by-six-inch pocket dimensional ether. Making sure that the setting was set to communication and not streamline, radar, or any other settings, he jabbed the silver universal button. He didn’t have to wait long before the air in front of him rippled and pulsed with an incoming message. He looked down at the device in his hand and took in a deep breath. With a shrug, he stuck his finger into the shimmering silver light and sent it scattering. A split second later, a message appeared, glowing a soft blue as he read.


* * * * * *



4

Hope scowled, her skin stinging as if a million fire ants were crawling all over her as she ducked inside what humans would consider as a bar. She ran to the darkest shadows she could find and practically fell into it with a gasp. Even with her shield up, the touch of twilight was still painful to her. With a shudder, she reached out a hand and pulled out a chair. Standing by Aurora at the bar, Althea turned to her and winced. “Still not use to the touch of light?”
Hope glared at her. “I was always with my father or Jayna,” she said defensively. “I bet you never gone a day without a total lack of light or darkness.”
Althea frowned. “You have a point.”
“Humph,” the young nairue said and moved with the shadows as she sat and pushed herself to the rounded table. She folded her arms atop the thin, purple plastic cloth and buried her head in them. Curled into a ball at the end of the bar, Mia lifted her head, flattening her ears as she stared at the back of Hope’s head.
“What can I get you?” the piercing blue-eyed endahli asked as she looked from Aurora, to Althea, to Hope, to the cat, and back.
“Pepper jack cheese-popper nuggets,” Aurora said and tapped her finger on the menu display list in front of her. “mushroom and bacon cheeseburger,” she continued, trailing her finger down the list. “with chili cheese fries and…” she glanced at Althea and arched an eyebrow.
“I’ll just have a large coke.” she said and walked over to the cat.
“Make that three.”
“Make that four,” Hope called from the table, her voice muffled. “Jayna is coming.” Aurora squinted at her, and then nodded to the endahli behind the bar.
“and a bowl of whipped cream.” Aurora paused and glowered at the cat. “with chocolate syrup,” she mumbled and winced inwardly. Hope snickered, peeking out the corner of her eye at the cat. Althea scowled, lifting Mia into her arms and making her way to the table.
“Anything else?”
Aurora shook her head and stepped back. “That will be all.” The endahli nodded and walked to the back and into the kitchen. Once the bartender was out of sight, she turned and joined her friends at the table. “Anybody brought coins?”
“I brought my chip stick,” Hope said, lifting her head as she sat back in her chair. She slipped her hand into her pocket and came out with a glossy thin, silver plastic disc. With a black magnet strip on one side and a thumb scanner along with the person’s name and information on the other, it was the size of a human credit card, only thinner. She set it on the table, sitting up straighter as a server came out with a tray of drinks, a basket of salted breadsticks, and a couple bowls of olive oil balanced on her arm.
“How much do you have on it?” Althea asked as he passed out the drinks and set the basket of freshly-made breadsticks in the center of the table along with the oil.
“Like…” Her eyes narrowed as she did some mental math. “two hundred and one shilz, like seventeen rulik, and like eight hundred terrum. I don’t go to Shiarelle much.”
“Good,” Jayna said and pulled out a chair beside her. “I’ll have to kill you if you did.” She snorted and inclined her head in acknowledgement. “I’ll give you more rulik tomorrow.” Jayna plucked a hot breadstick from the paper-lined basket and dunked it in the oil before biting off a large piece and chewing in pleasure. “Delicious,” she said with a contented sigh. She smirked as Hope reached for one and began to eat.
“So,” Aurora said and leaned forward to get a better look at the young nairue. “When will he be here?”
“I told him to come in a bell from now,” she said around a mouthful of breadstick as Althea set the cat on the empty chair beside her. “Gives me more time to eat. I hate it when I’m interrupted.”
“Don’t we all,” Jayna said dryly and took a long pull of her drink. “Did you get his name?”
Hope scowled. “I didn’t ask. Didn’t think it was that important.” She grumbled something under her breath as the server came out with a bowl of chocolatey cream for the cat. Althea took it from him with a thanks and set it on the floor. Mia meowed, jumping gracefully from the chair and attacking it. “Don’t make a mess!” the young nairue yelled as some of the cream spilled from the bowl. She let out a squeal of exasperation and snapped her teeth at the nairue feline. Mia’s tail twitched, but other than that, she ignored everything and everyone around her. Jayna stuck her last bite of oil-drenched breadstick into her mouth, watching with amusement as her young charge became more and more incensed by the minute. She looked around at the cream-colored walls, the dark red wood floor, and the sable-colored tables and chairs thoughtfully as two servers came out with the food. Hope swallowed the last of her drink and held up her cup for a refill, the ice clinking against the side of the glass as she did so. “Thank you,” she said as one of the servers refilled it and set a light blue plate in front of her. The empty basket and bowls were removed as the food were arranged in the center of the table. Aurora thanked them both before switching out Hope’s empty plate for a full plate of nuggets.
“Eat up,” Althea said and stole a couple of fries from Aurora’s plate before she could pull it toward her. She scowled at Althea, muttering something as she picked up the burger and bit into it.
“Do you want something, Althea?” Jayna asked as she stole another fry.
“No, thank you. I’ll just pick at Aurora’s food. I’m sure she won’t mind.”
“I do mind,” Aurora said and slapped her hand away. “Stop that.” Hope smirked and popped a nugget into her mouth, biting into it. She winced as the cheese burst, scorching her tongue and the inside of her mouth.
“Ow.”
Jayna laughed softly and shook her head. “What did you expect?”
She swallowed, shrugging. “I didn’t think it was going to be that hot,” she said and popped another nugget into her mouth. She gave the youngling an exasperated look and sat back in her chair. “Want some?” Jayna shrugged and grabbed a handful, dropping all but one onto her plate.
“What about me? Can I have some?” Althea asked and plucked a nugget from Her plate before she could protest. Hope scowled at her, but she didn’t say or do anything as they dug in. After a long moment, Aurora cleared her throat and stuck a straw into her mouth, sipping casually at her coke. The door opened, the bell jangling to notify that two people had just entered. Hope swallowed her latest mouthful of food and turned to watch as the newcomers walked up to the bar.
“Is one of them our guy?” Jayna asked, stealing a few fries from Aurora’s nearly empty plate.
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and frowned. “Don’t think so.”
“Are you sure?” Althea asked slowly and drained what was left of her drink.
“Do one of them look or feel like a redari to you?” Hope snapped and narrowed her eyes in concentration.
“Oh… right.”
Aurora snorted, giving her head a sharp shake. “Looks like someone is missing a braincell or two… or three.” Althea harrumphed and stole Hope’s last cheese nugget. The young nairue growled and glared at her. “next time, order something,” Aurora said dryly. “Even if you’re not hungry.”
“They’re coming this way,” Hope said under her breath, eyeing the two nairues as they walked over and sat down at the table next to theirs. Jayna nodded and slipped one of her hands under the table, flexing her wrist until the hilt of a dark, thin stiletto slid onto her palm. Do you want me to shift? Hope asked into her mind. No, She said quickly and grasped the hilt tightly in her hand. The young nairue pouted and took a long pull of her drink, shuddering as the coldness of it ran through her. “They’re not doing anything,” she said, low enough for only Jayna to hear. “Let’s hope it stays that way.”
“Mmm,” Aurora said and pushed her plate away. “I doubt that it will stay that way. Knowing us, we’re never so lucky.”
“Speak for yourself,” Hope mumbled and rolled her eyes. She raised the glass she was holding to her mouth and fished out an ice with her tongue. She crunched on it, her eyes going wide as a nairue stepped from the shadows beside their table.
“Siv,” Jayna hissed and looked around cautiously. “What are you doing here?”
“I have a message for your friends at the other table,” she said flatly. “From Aria.” Hope froze, going very still as one of the scariest nairue raised a narrow device to her mouth and blew twice in quick succession. Two darts shot from the straw-like device and imbedded themselves in the neck of the nearest nairue at the next table. His eyes went wide, before slumping forward in his chair as blue blood trickled from his ears and poured from his nose.
“Nooooo,” Hope said mournfully as one of the top-ranked assassins for the nairues smiled. Just as quickly as she appeared, she was gone. “No-no-no-no… Nooooo.”
“Are you okay?” Aurora asked slowly and eyed the young nairue warily. “Do we need to… find you someone to eat? Like… his partner?” Hope blinked and tore her eyes from the fast-dying nairue. His body was already smoking, and it was going to go up in flames in a few more seconds. His partner—on his feet and quickly backing away from the table—looked around as his hand slipped into his pocket. “By the way, can you hose him down before he set this whole place on fire?”
“Hmm,” Jayna said and turned in her chair. “We don’t want that,” she said matter-of-factly.
“You might, but I don’t.”
“Fire and I don’t get along, remember?” She paused. “Well, not unless the fire is black fire, and why can’t you hose him down?”
Aurora shrugged. “When I do it, I might end up healing him.”
“Hmm, you’re probably right.” Hope snickered as she pushed back her chair and stood. Jayna eyed the youngling curiously as she stepped away from the table. More shadows gathered around her, and in the blink of an eye, a black snake hit the floor with a loud thud. A mix of viper, king cobra, and rattle snake, she was about ten feet long. Slithering under the table, she made her way to the nairue stranger. Sylvar, Hope called to her A.I. Make sure he doesn’t escape. Her mind integrated with her metal companion, she could communicate with it telepathically.
On the roof of a closed bakery shop, Sylvar rose from her crouch with a beep as her infrared moved from where she was looking to the door across the street. With a grinding whirr of gears, she launched herself into the air and quickly descended to the ground. Her head turned three hundred and sixty degrees, and the sentient brain inside the AI mentally smiled when she didn’t see anyone out and about. The eye sockets pulsed blue as Sylvar turned her metal head back to its original position. She walked toward the door, stopping a couple of feet away as she switched from infrared to x-ray vision. She crouched, her metal wings spread wide as she waited. Inside, the nairue stranger slowly backed away from his rapidly combusting partner and toward the door that led outside. Jayna raised both hands over her head, and a wall of frigid water fell onto the convulsing nairue on the floor. The fire died, but it was too late for him, because a split second later, he was nothing more than a pile of steaming ash. Sylvar? Hope rose onto her tail and met the eyes of the nairue stranger. Before he could bolt for the door or shift himself, she struck, burying her fangs deep into his forearm. He stiffened, releasing the solar sticks he was gripping in his pocket as his vision went white. Agony seared through him as Hope’s hollowed-back fangs rotated and injected more venom to mix with the one already there when she struck him with her sharp, elongated narrowed ones. The nairue convulsed, and Hope silently grunted as he hit the floor and took her with him. She held onto his arm a second longer before releasing him. Her tongue flicked out, tasting the air. With a satisfied nod to herself, she shifted back into her humanoid form and rummaged through his pockets. Shoving everything into her shadowed air pocket in the ether, she looked the convulsing nairue over before lowering herself to the floor beside his head. She tapped a finger on his nose and tisked at him as Jayna held him still with thick tendrils of shadow. “Sylvar,” she said to the closed door. “you can come in.” A warm breeze blew into the bar as the AI entered. She walked over to Hope and stood over her. Sylvar’s eyes still pulsed blue, and she beeped a greeting to the endahli standing behind the bar. Hope smiled as she leaned close to the dying nairue. Silver-green met silver-green, though his was more of a darker shade of green. She placed her hand on either side of his head and bared her teeth. “Before I end your suffering, I have just one question.” She paused as the nairue struggled through the white-hot agony to focus on her. “Were you sent here to kill me?” She mentally reached out and broke down his quickly unraveling mental defenses and forced her way just inside. She didn’t go any deeper, because she had no intention of knocking herself out just by the unimaginable pain that he was in. “Too bad,” she continued and smirked. “It’s sad how we can’t read or manipulate the minds of the redarians or the endahlians,” she said with a hint of excitement. “but we can to each other. Isn’t that weird?” She paused, carefully and gently sifting through his memories. “So, back to my earlier question. Were you sent here to kill me? To get to Aria?”
“You know,” Althea suddenly said and turned her chair around, until she could see the entire bar. “this one-sided conversation is just plain weird.”
“Now you know how I feel,” Hope snapped.
“Damn, kid,” she muttered. “Don’t get your panties in a twist on my account.” Hope scowled and buried her fangs into her victim’s neck, quickly draining him of his insides. She pulled back, tearing out his throat and swallowing it. The three endahlians winced, shuddering as the sound of crunching bones reached their ears. Thick shadows block their view of what was happening, and if Aurora had anything to say about it, it was going to remain that way. She closed her eyes, because thanks to Aria, she never wanted to see the predatorial side of a nairue again. It was almost a thousand years ago, but for her, it might as well have been only yesterday. Once was one too many. Althea elbowed her in the side, and she winced as she opened her eyes to glare at her. “It’s over.” Althea smirked. “You can look now.”
“Sorry,” Hope said and got to her feet with Jayna’s help. “I haven’t done that since…” She trailed off, frowning. “the last full moon. When was that?”
“Three weeks ago,” Jayna said and wiped blood from the youngling’s mouth with a wetted napkin. “Let me see your teeth.” Hope bared her fangs, even as she licked the blood clean. “You’re good,” she said, nodding as she stepped back.
“I’m not,” the youngling said and groaned. Aurora got up from her chair and walked over to them.
“Is your stomach hurting?” Hope groaned and pressed her hands to her aching stomach. She knew not to eat her own people or anything like that while in her humanoid form, but… she couldn’t help herself. She put up one hand to keep the endahli back, because no one could help her. All she could do was to either puke, or shift back into a snake. She preferred to do the latter, but she wasn’t sure if it would even help. Not wanting her reptilian self to explode or something unpleasant, she took in a deep breath and held it. Aurora frowned and looked from Althea to Jayna. Mia let out a loud yowl that got everyone’s attention. Her pink tongue darted out, and she began to lazily clean one of her paws. How about getting her some water? the cat drawled into their minds. Instead of wondering what to do? Her tail twitched ever so slightly, and she meowed in disapproval.
“Right,” Althea said and got up from her chair. “Myra?”
“On it,” Myra—the endahli manning the bar—said and bent to retrieve a sealed plastic bottle of ice water from the small refrigerator. Althea walked up to her as she stood back up and held it out to her.
“Thanks.”
“No problem.” Hope took in another deep breath, convulsively swallowing as she fought to keep from throwing up. She eyed the bottle of water in Althea’s hand as she quickly made her way over. The youngling snatched it from her the moment she was within reach and twist off the cap with a loud crackle. Althea smirked with amusement, watching as the youngling tilted her head back and drained it in several gulps. She crushed the plastic bottle in her hand, shuddering as her stomach made a loud rumbling sound.
“Much better,” Hope said with a loud sigh. “Thanks.” Althea nodded, taking the crushed bottle and the cap from her. Jayna cleared her throat and pointed to the door. Sylvar stirred to life as it was slowly opened. A redari stood in the doorway, a shimmering barrier of golden light around him. He could effortlessly hide it, but for some reason, he chose not to. It obscured his features slightly as he stepped inside and cautiously looked around. Hope’s eyes watered as she gathered more shadows to herself. She looked to Jayna and squinted until she could see past her own shadowy barrier. She was scowling at the newcomer, and Hope held back the urge to scowl herself.
“I was told to meet here,” the redari said casually, as if it was just an ordinary day.
“You’ve come to the right place,” she said and glanced at the floor to make sure that there was no blood or bits of body parts lying about. Satisfied that it was clear, she walked back to the table and reclaimed her chair.
“Where are the rest of the patrons?” the redari asked as he followed the young nairue to the table. He sat in the chair that she pointed to and clasped his hands atop the table.
“I told them it was closed for the day,” Myra said and shrugged. “Can I get you anything to eat?”
“No, thank you.”
“How about to drink?” He shook his head, and she nodded as she turned, disappearing into the small kitchen. Hope eyed the redari thoughtfully as he turned his attention to her. He squinted, trying to make out her features behind the thick veil of shadows. Jayna, Aurora and Althea joined them at the table as the AI turned to face them. Sylvar moved to one corner of the bar and crouched as she folded her wings. Able to see the entire bar and apart from the pulsing blue in the eye sockets, the rest of her fell inactive.
“So,” the redari said and leaned back in his chair. “What did you want to talk about?”
“Just one question,” Hope said and sat up straighter. She leaned slightly toward him and gave him a serious look. “What do your people want with my mother?”
The redari blinked. “Why would I know such a thing? I have no idea what they want with your mother.”
“They?” Jayna asked, drawing out the word. “Who is… ‘they’, exactly?” The redari scowled, resisting the urge to squirm in his seat.
“I can’t say.”
“You can’t say? Or you won’t say?”
“Can’t.”
“Hmm,” Hope said and glowered at him. “What a pity.”
“Well,” Jayna said dryly and wrapped her arms around the back of an unoccupied chair. “there’s only one thing to do, then.” The redari turned to stare at her, saying nothing. “Time to slowly melt your brain. I suggest that you prepare, because I assure you that it won’t be… pretty.”


* * * * * *



5

Siv Bris pulled down her hood and let out a slow, drawn-out breath as she took one last look around the side alley that she was standing in. “Crazy kid,” she muttered aloud to herself and walked onto the green grass as she made her way to the other side. There was nothing there apart from the dirty, brown brick wall. She glared up at the bluish-purple sky for a moment, before scaling up the wall like a spider. At the top of the wall—about a hundred feet off the ground—she stood and carefully walked across it. She launched herself up into the air as her midnight-black wings shot from her back. She flew higher into the sky, until she was at least five hundred feet off the ground. Picturing a blackhole and holding the image firmly in her mind’s eye, she dived through it. The blackhole that materialized from nowhere swirled, sucking her in like a vortex. Icy cold gripped her as she spiraled endlessly in the void. It lasted only a few seconds, but it felt like eternity to her as she jumped from one dimension and into another. Her hands shot out, her palms smacking hard against the slick ground as the rip in dimension opened and dropped her through it. Pushing herself up and flipping onto her feet, she looked up at the dark red stars of Rislyn and took in a deep breath of the frigid air, before looking around. She stood in the middle of the street, and she scowled as she walked across it. Thankfully, there were no nairues around to see her appear out of thin air. Next time, I’m using a portal, she muttered to herself as she stepped onto the silvery-white grass. It crunched under her feet as she made her way into the trees. They closed in around her and towered over her; their branches interlocking to form a canopy of leaves. Siv stopped and reached up to one of the white branches, plucking a silver-purple leaf from it and staring at it thoughtfully. A chill skittered down her spine a second later, and she stiffened, slowly crushing the leaf in her hand as she slowly turned. In the silence, the crackling sound was like a gunshot to her ears. She stared into unblinking silver, emerald-green eyes for a moment, and then looked the tall nairue over quizzically. “It’s done,” she said and opened her hand, allowing the crushed leaf to slowly float to the ground like petals. The nairue male in front of her nodded his head and shoved his hands into the pockets of his black pants.
“And his partner?” he asked and slowly withdrew one of his hands. He held something that Siv couldn’t make out, and she resisted the urge to take a step closer or ask what it was. She bit her tongue, eyeing his hand suspiciously.
“His partner is taken care of,” she replied and shrugged.
“How do you mean?” he drawled.
“You can thank your daughter for that,” she said mildly, taking a step back as Siro pointed a solar stick at her. She eyed the shimmering yellow liquid inside and grimaced. “If you throw that at me, I swear I will gut you in your sleep,” Siv warned and snatched it from his hand, slipping it into her own pocket.
“You would, would you?” he asked flatly.
“Count on it.” She held out her hand expectantly and smirked. Siro eyed it for a moment, before taking it and pulling her close. She tried not to shudder as his eyes turned acid green. Cupping her chin in his hot hand, he stared deeply into her eyes. Siv grimaced as a burning pain traveled from her head and down her spine. A name and an image seared into her brain, and she groaned, blinking as Siro released her and stepped back.
“I think I will reward my daughter,” Siro mused. “What do you think she would like?”
“How the hell should I know?” she asked and ran a hand up and down the back of her head. She lifted her arm and stared at the silvery-blue viper on her right wrist. She trailed a finger over the head of the snake, tracing it up and around her forearm to the inside of her elbow where its tail ended. Siro followed the path of her finger and smiled. “So,” Siv said and sighed heavily. “when is Aria making her move?”
He shrugged. “You’ll know when she does.” She harrumphed and dropped her arm as the shadows rippled around them. “You should go.” Siv nodded, pulling out her handheld E-Net.
“I’ll keep you informed of what’s happening on my end.” He nodded and became one with the shadows. “And I’ll keep Aria updated, too.” She paused, frowning. “Somehow. After all, I’m not you.” In her mind, Siro chuckled. I’m still surprised that they let me in to see her at all. She harrumphed, shaking her head as she powered up her E-Net. After a long minute of silence, she felt him leaving. She smiled to herself and pressed a finger to the dimly lit screen. Pulling out a blue tracer from her pocket, she uncapped it and drew it across the screen. It slid smoothly, effortlessly as she began to write.
Aria groaned as she stared up at the ceiling of her room, seeing nothing but silver dots dancing in her vision. They looked like six-pointed stars to her, and she smiled with amusement as her skin continued to burn. The metal table—hard and cool under her back—was the only comfort against the pain as she thought about her mischievous daughter. Trailing her hand down the thin fabric of her white evening gown, she frowned and tapped a finger against her stomach in thought. “I do love mysteries,” she said aloud to the empty room. She sighed and looked around, blinking against the silver dots still dancing in her vision. She wondered if Siv started on her killing spree yet. Hell, she wished she was there to watch it happen. She pressed a finger into her lower lip, rubbing it as thoughts swirled through her head—chaotic and confusing as always. She was still thinking about random things a couple of minutes later, and she found herself chewing the tip of her finger as her bedroom door opened. She bit down hard on her finger, holding back a growl as two redari guards entered. She tasted the hot, sweetness of her blood on her tongue as she withdrew her finger and let out a sigh of annoyance. “What is it, this time?” she asked wearily.
“Dinner,” one of the guards said, coming over and snapping the end of a gold chain to her collar.
“Dinner?” she asked blankly and sat up. “With the others?”
“Yes,” he replied, tugging on the chain until she was forced to stand.
“Will I be shackled?” she drawled and eyed the thick cuffs the other guard was holding. They glanced at each other, and the one holding her chain shrugged. She rolled her eyes, straightening as the second guard came forward and quickly shackled her ankles. Holding out her hands, she watched with amusement as her wrists were shackled together.
“Let’s go,” the first guard said and pulled on her chain. Aria glared at him, her body going numb as she followed them out of the room. It felt like she was having an out-of-body moment as they stepped into the lift and rode it down to the main floor.
Her eyes burned, watering as they stepped onto the floor and made their way into the dining hall. Everything looked like a blur to her as the guards pulled her to a stop before a massive oak table meant to seat at least twenty people. One of the guards pulled out a chair, pushing her into it and chaining her in place before stepping back. The only nairue at the table looked around, everything slowly coming to her in a shade of poisonous green. There were redarians everywhere, and she found it amusing that she was the only blonde in the mix of all the black-haired people around her. She didn’t usually eat with the others, but when she did, she was openly stared at, as if she was the most entertaining person in the room. Of course, she didn’t mind it in the slightest bit. She just found it amusing. Like her, they were there for one reason or another. But unlike her, none of them were insane or really a danger to themselves and the world. Too bad, she thought as a plate was put in front of her. Because she could really use an accomplice or two. Ignoring the others at the table, she picked up her plastic fork and knife and stabbed them into her steak with unnecessary force. It was funny how she was the only one using plastic or paper anything. She supposed she couldn’t blame them. After all, she was known to stab an unexpecting someone in the eye with a fork. At that thought, she cut off a bite-size piece of steak and popped it into her mouth, chewing slowly as she eyed the knife in her right hand. A redari—Aria couldn’t remember what her name was—scooted her chair back and watched her nervously. The nairue smiled and popped another piece of steak into her mouth, savoring the goodness of it as she gripped her fork tighter. The only sounds in the room were the clanking of silverware hitting plates, the sawing of steak knives, and the clinking of ice in glasses. Aria continued to eat in silence, not saying a word to anyone as murmurs of conversations slowly filled the air. A redari sitting next to her had her head down, shoveling food into her mouth, as if she was hoping to finish eating and leave before the others were done. Aria eyed her speculatively, grabbing her paper cup of arctic punch and chugging it. She wondered idly if she could shank the redari before anyone could stop her. She was fast, but the others were also just as fast, and there was way more of them than her. She was also in tremendous pain from the lights overhead, and she probably looked like a flayed, walking, talking humanoid. She seriously wanted to crawl into a dark hole somewhere and curl into a ball, but she knew that wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. Inwardly shrugging, she finished what was left on her plate and pushed it away. She leaned forward and grabbed the clear pitcher, pulling it toward her. She carefully poured herself another cup of punch and chugged, shuddering as the blue liquid went down her throat to settle like an ice cold pool of comfort in the pit of her stomach. It tasted like fruit punch, except more minty. “Aria?” Shane said, hoping against hope that she wasn’t going to cause a scene. He was careful not to startle her as he approached her side. Aria looked up and smiled as she slowly set the empty cup down.
“Yes?” she whispered, knowing that he could hear her, even over the constant of noise around them. He stopped before the table and eyed her warily as he gripped the back of her chair. In his other hand, he held a small paper plate of finger sandwiches.
“Would you like to eat these here? Or in your room?”
“Here,” she replied flatly and snatched it from him. She plopped it onto her empty plate and picked up a sandwich, popping it into her mouth. She chewed, silently groaning in pleasure as the taste of cucumbers and mayonnaise burst on her tongue. Shane smiled to himself, mentally shaking his head as amusement washed over him. Aria ignored him, stuffing a second and a third sandwich into her mouth and chewing. She wasn’t leaving the dining hall until someone bled. At that moment, she didn’t care if it was from a papercut. She scowled down at the last two remaining sandwiches and grabbed the plastic fork. She pulled it from between the two plates and snapped it at the neck, creating a crude—but sharp and effective—weapon. The sound was loud, but the sudden silence that followed was louder.
“Aria!” Shane exclaimed as she tightened her hold on the handle. “What are you doing?”
“Well,” the nairue said slowly and looked up. Acid green eyes met his, and he did his best not to shudder at the sight of them. It was always, always bad news when a nairue’s eyes turned into that shade of green. In Aria’s case, she was more detrimental if the red came out. Shane guessed he should be a little glad that her eyes were acid green and not a vibrant red, but he wasn’t as he reached out and gripped her wrist. He froze as her fangs snapped down, and she hissed, baring them at him as he tightened his hold. The redarians around the table slowly pushed their chairs back and stood, their eyes not leaving them as they inched their way toward the door. The ones standing guard converged on Aria and Shane, cursing vehemently as one of them yanked on the chain that was connected to the collar. The nairue let out another hiss, yanking her wrist out of Shane’s grip. The redari dodged, easily avoiding her grab for him. Since her hands were still shackled, it didn’t leave her enough of a reach to accomplish what she wanted. Aria continued to hiss, and the four guards were careful to avoid her mouth as they pulled her from her chair. Her hiss turned into a snarl, and she drove an elbow into the gut of one of the guards. She pushed off the floor, launching herself into the air and kicking another guard into his partner as her midnight-blue wings fluttered behind her. Aria turned and jumped on the guard that had a hold on her chain. She grabbed it and yanked it from him. She ignored the additional pain from the other guards as they grabbed hold of her wings before they could flare to their full span. She headbutted the guard, dazing him long enough for her to wrap her shackled arms around his neck. She pulled and crisscrossed her wrists, grabbing hold of the short chain that connected the two cuffs. She pulled once more, and the guard drove his fists into her sides repeatedly as she strangled him. She leaned forward and snaked out her tongue, inhaling and tasting the air around her. Unwrapping one of her legs from the guard, she snapped it back and drove her foot into the one behind her. Still clutching her makeshift weapon, she released that hand from the chain and stabbed the white plastic handle into the choking guard’s carotid. She was careful not to snap it in two and she withdrew and plunged it back in. He fell backward, taking her down with him as he struggled to focus. Aria didn’t let him get that chance. She withdrew the bloody utensil, stabbing it into the hand of another guard reaching for her as she snapped her head forward and struck. Her needle-like fangs sank into the bleeding wound, and the struggling guard under her screamed as her poison rapidly made its way into his bloodstream. A pained yelp tore from her throat as someone pulled on one of her wings. Before they could pull her off him, she bit down harder, and a good chunk of flesh gave way as she was lifted into the air. She refused to open her mouth and let go of her prize as they carried her from the dining hall. She carefully maneuvered the bloody flesh deeper into her mouth and smiled. Her stomach was already tightening from the thought of being poisoned herself as she opened her throat and swallowed. One of the three remaining guards cursed as he stepped away and pulled out his E-Net. Aria hummed happily to herself, ignoring the burning poison that slowly ate at her. Ah, she thought with a contented sigh. Not bad. Not bad at all.


* * * * * *



6

A snow-white hand reached from the darkness and latched onto the arm of a nairue female, yanking her off her feet. A flash of silver was all she saw as Siv plunged a golden-tipped dagger between her ribs and into her heart. The assassin dropped her victim, smirking as she withdrew the weapon and slipped into the shadows. A minute later, the gasping, writhing nairue lying prone on the cold ground was dead, her silver-grey eyes staring lifelessly up at the stars. Siv moved silently, gracefully through the dark as she gathered her magic to her. The snake tattoo on her right forearm glowed, and it heated, pulsing as she drew more energy from the moon. She bent, wiping some of the blood from the dagger with a handful of grass, before slipping it up her sleeve and continuing her way toward the lake that was several yards away. Once there, she sat on the bank and reached into her pocket, pulling out a dark blue shiny stone the size of her fist. She studied the silvery veins along the surface of the smooth, oval-shaped object for a moment before closing her fingers around it. The cooling stone pulsed in her hand, and steam rose from it as her body temperature of one hundred and twenty—give or take a few degrees—began to heat it. All nairues ran on the hot side of the temperature scale, and she was no different as she took in a deep breath and poured her magic into her stone. After a few minutes, she set down the stone and shook the tingling feeling of magic out of her hand. She took in a deep breath of the frigid air and let it out sharply as she picked up the stone and slipped it back into her pocket. Her E-Net pinged in the silence around her, and Siv scowled as she withdrew the device and glanced at it. “Shane,” she said softly and smirked. “Now, why on earth would you be contacting me?” Curiouser and curiouser, indeed, she thought and pushed a finger into the screen as she flicked over to universal with a thumb. A shimmering golden mist of words rose from the device before her, and she frowned as she carefully read it. Nodding to herself, she swiped her hand through the mist, dispersing it as she slipped the device into her pocket and rose to her feet. She mentally reached toward the moon, drawing the bluish-silver, shimmering energy she could see in her mind’s eye into her as she began to jog. The frozen white landscape was all she could see as she made her way back to her hideout. Broken here and there by splotches of black, purple, blue, grey and silver in the mix of all the white, Rislyn wasn’t known for its warmth or its genteel nature. The race living on the freezing, shadow dimension consisting of water, snow and ice year-round, was ruthless, aloof, and known for backstabbing one another for their own gain. Aside from all that, the nairues were also known for their loyalty where it was counted, and broken loyalties were punishable by death. That wasn’t to say there were no exceptions when the need called for one, however, one just had to be clever enough to rise to the challenge, and Siv knew all too well how truly cruel the system could be. The assassin ducked under a hanging branch and made her way down a steep slope toward a dark stone building surrounded by tall trees and thick foliage. Going around to the other side until she could no longer see the path where she came from, she turned and went down the ten steps that led to the dark, solid thick door.
Sensing the approach of someone drawing near, Lucina Bris set down the bottle of murky yellow liquid on the cluttered table in front of her and got to her feet. The nine-year-old nairue exited the room, her bare feet making no sound as she moved into the main living space of her home. She looked around and walked over to Mia’s curled feline form on the couch. The little girl put a hand on her, petting her back as she suspiciously eyed the door. Mia let out a purr and blinked open glowing green eyes. It’s okay, Lucina, she said into the young nairue’s mind. It’s only your mother. “How do you know?” Sweetie, Mia said with a sigh. I can smell her. “I can’t.” The feline’s snort was loud in her mind as she uncurled and rolled onto her back. Your nose is filled with the awful stench of poison, she drawled. Now go open the door for her. Mia lifted a white paw and gently batted the youngling’s hand away. While you’re at it, I’d like some food. Lucina scowled and walked to the door as it was pushed open. Looking over her shoulder, the young nairue shook her head slightly and smirked. “You always want food.”
“That is why she’s fat,” Siv said and plucked her daughter up into her arms. I take offense at that! Mia exclaimed and jumped from the couch. The youngling snickered and wrapped her arms around her mother’s neck, giving it a slight squeeze.
“You’re home early.”
“Only for a little bit. I’m going to see Shane, and you’re coming with me.” Lucina nodded and wriggled, until Siv set her on her feet and took a step back.
“Now?”
Siv shook her head and walked into the small kitchen. “After you have food.” Lucina walked over to Mia and bent, grunting as she picked the cat up and followed her mother.
In the kitchen, she set Mia on the nearest chair and took the package of spicy beef jerky from her mother’s hand. She tore into the pouch and pulled out a piece, nibbling on it as Siv watched her with amusement. “I was going to make you real food,” she said dryly, shaking her head at her daughter as she went over to the counter and opened the dark red cupboard.
“I can go anywhere when eating these,” Lucina said and held up the opened pouch of jerky. “If you make real food, I’ll have to sit and eat.”
“Hmm,” Siv said and set a bowl on the counter. Nudging the cupboard shut, she grabbed the bag of dry cat food that was in front of her and poured. Mia lifted her head and let out a loud, disapproving yowl. “Oh, you shush,” she said and glowered at the cat as she set the bowl on the floor. Lucina smirked, elbowing Mia in the side until she jumped to the floor and grudgingly ate her food. I like Hope better, Mia muttered into the two nairues’ minds. She gives me catnips. Siv harrumphed. “No wonder you’re always high.” Mia mentally snorted, but other than that, she ignored the two nairues in the kitchen. “Well, then,” Siv said and walked to the icebox. She opened it and pulled out a plastic bottle of water. “Don’t forget to lock the door behind you when you leave,” she continued and made her way to Lucina’s side. Mm-hmm, Mia grunted and backed away from the empty bowl. She stretched and patted from the kitchen, her tail swooshing back and forth as she left.
“I’ll see you later,” Lucina called and grabbed her mother’s arm. Siv smiled as a silver, vertical beam of moonlight appeared in front of them. Both mother and daughter stuck a hand into the beam and yanked. The air rippled around them as a portal opened. Lucina glanced over her shoulder, meeting the glowing green eyes of Mia before stepping through after her mother.
Shane sat up straight in his chair, on high alert as a blue flash of light appeared at one corner of his office. The blast of frigid air followed soon after, and he involuntarily shuddered with cold as a mass of darkness flowed from the portal. Shane winced inwardly, and then silently scolded himself for his instinctual reaction to everything that wasn’t light. He stood from his chair, watching as Siv and Lucina stepped from the portal. It vanished a second later, leaving nothing but a chill in the air. Lucina looked at what was probably a shimmering tendril of energy a little above Siv’s head, interest in her silver-green eyes as her mother lowered her hand. Shane reached to the other side of his desk and flicked on a lamp as Siv walked to the door. She switched off the overhead lights and turned to the redari. Lucina stayed where she was, nibbling on the end of a beef jerky as she watched them. “So,” Siv said and leaned against the door, her right leg bent until her foot was flat against the dark wood. “you wanted to talk to me?”
“Yes,” Shane said and shoved his hands into his pockets.
“What about?”
“Sovlik.” Siv stiffened, a hiss escaping her throat.
“What do you mean by, ‘Sovlik?’”
“The girl. Hope.” Shane paused, waiting to see if the nairue would say something.
“What about her?” Lucina piped up from her corner of the room. “Did something happen?” The redari turned to her and shook his head. She angrily finished off the last of the beef jerkies, nodding stiffly as she crumpled up the empty pouch in her hand. Siv straightened and strode toward her daughter, gently tugging it from her and handing her an iced-over bottle of water. She nodded to Shane as she walked over to the dispose bin and dropped it in. “I heard there are those who want to grab her,” Shane continued. “I don’t know when. I don’t know where.”
“Have you told Aria?” Siv asked, stepping back from the light. She rubbed at her arm, as if she was in pain. From the fading pink to her skin, He surmised that it did hurt. “Well?” He blinked and mentally shook himself.
“I have not.”
“Then why are you telling me this? Shouldn’t her mother be the first to know?” Siv narrowed her silver-green eyes at the redari suspiciously.
“Because you can do something to prevent it. She cannot.”
“And what of her father?”
“I’ll leave that to you.”
“I see,” Siv said softly, thoughtfully. After a moment of heavy silence, the nairue nodded. “What will you do? Will you release Aria from her confinement at last?”
“You know that I can’t,” Shane said and scowled at her.
“Was worth a shot,” she said dryly and shrugged. “I was hoping that you would come to your senses. Eventually. But it seems that you have not.”
“Who came up with the idea that I had any sense left in me?” Siv harrumphed, holding out a hand to her daughter, who was doing her best to squeeze water into her mouth.
“How long have you been working here?”
“Fifteen… sixteen years? Give or take.” She nodded, walking over to Lucina and putting a hand on her shoulder. “Before you go,” Shane continued and picked up a somewhat thin, dark blue portfolio from the far side of his desk. Written on the white tab in red lettering was the name ‘Sovlik, H’.
“What’s this?” she asked and took it from him.
“Information that might interest you.”
“I… see. In that case, I hope the information is worth the read.”
“Oh,” Shane drawled as a silver beam of moonlight appeared in front of the two nairues. “trust me. It is.”
“For your sake, it better be,” the assassin said and vanished into the shadows. Shane stood alone in his office, the frigid wind whipping around him before settling into a gentle breeze. As he turned the lights back on, he wondered if he had made the right decision. Because if not, he was in for a world of hurt.
Aria pushed into a sitting position atop her blanket, heat pouring from her body as she took in deep breaths of the cold air circulating through the room from unseen vents. She was hot, and no matter how cold her room was, she still felt like she was having a heatstroke. Breathing deeply and heavily, she smiled to herself. Her green eyes glazed over, rolling to the back of her head as she muttered incoherently to herself. Her bedroom door opened, but she took no notice of the guard that entered. The guard strode over to her, dropping down on one knee as he pulled a syringed from thin air. Inside was a clear liquid with a trace of a yellow tint to it. To keep her weak, they went with the last resort. It made her sick, and Aria wondered vaguely, if they had the order to inject her with a tiny dose of solar from the higher-ups. The guard stared into the whites of her eyes, and he wondered if she was aware of anything at all. He reached out, pushing her drenched shirt up to expose her left side. With a scowl, he hooked a pinky into her shorts and tugged it past her hipbone. Satisfied, he uncapped the syringe and stuck the needle just above the bone, pressing down the plunger. Aria’s arms gave out, and she fell limply onto her back. She let out a weary sigh as the guard withdrew the syringe and got to his feet. He looked down at the sweating nairue for a moment, before shrugging and exiting the room, closing the door behind him with the loud thunk of the bolts sliding into place. Aria laid there for a long minute, enjoying the cool air against the little exposure of skin the guard didn’t bother to cover back up. If she had the energy to, she would have stripped naked. She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Testing the strength within herself, she lifted a hand and scowled as it shook. Gripping the hem of her shirt between two fingers with no pressure to speak of, she took in a deep breath. She mustered up what energy she had left and applied pressure to the soft material as she tugged it down in one single move. The simple act winded her, and Aria groaned as her head began to pound. Hot flashes washed over her, and she shuddered despite the drop of temperature in the room. “Must kill,” she whispered weakly to herself. “Must kill something. Must eat something… soon.” She let out a sigh and dozed, jerking to wakefulness every time a buzzing hum sounded in her ears. The collar around her neck was starting to get annoying, even for someone such as her. The feeling of lethargy lifted slightly, enough so that she could roll onto her stomach. Arms and legs outstretched, and as comfortable as she could make herself, Aria wondered if the monotony of her captivity would ever go away. The door of her room opened once more, and she silently groaned with annoyance. “Don’t you have something else better to do than babysit me?” she growled, not bothering to reposition herself into a more… appropriate, presentable manner.
“Sit up,” a bored voice drawled.
“And if I do not?”
“Then I’ll kick you over and pull you up myself.” Aria thought of letting him do just that, but… With a sigh, she snapped her legs shut and flipped onto her back. Nausea slammed into her, and she took in deep breaths as her vision swam in and out of focus. The redari stood above her, a large white Sippy cup with a yellow duck in one hand. He waited patiently, a neutral expression on his face as he looked down at the lobster-red nairue. After several moments of keeping herself from throwing up, Aria place her hands on the blanket-covered floor and slowly moved into a sitting position. She nodded to the cup in the guard’s hand and smirked.
“Is that milk?” Scowling, he bent and held it out to her.
“Take it.” She reached up, taking the iced-over cup from him with a scowl. She was just glad the half-numb state she was in was slowly waring off. “Drink it all,” he continued, straightening. “You’ll like it.” Aria sniffed at the small opening in the lid and smiled as the minty vaper went up her nose. She loosened the yellow lid, flicking it aside as she brought the cup to her mouth. Tilting her head back, she guzzled down the drink that smoothly slid down her throat. She shudder as the cold liquid hit her stomach. “More?” he asked dryly.
“If you don’t mind,” she replied as he took the empty cup from her hand.
“Stay put,” he ordered and strode from the room, the door slamming shut and locking behind him.
“I was beginning to wonder if he’ would ever leave,” an amused voice said from beside her. Aria looked up and smiled at the shrouded male nairue.
“Are you here to break me out?”
“Sadly, no.”
“Then why are you here?”
The nairue smirked. “To give you this.” The shadows flowed around him as he moved closer. They pooled on the floor, and Aria shuddered in relief as they encompassed her completely.
“This is nice,” she said with a contented sigh. “Stay with me, Siro.”
“Love to,” he replied with a low growl, slipping the handle of a hand-mirror into her hand. It was cool against her palm, and she raised it to get a better look at it. The mirror was oval-shaped, and if it was a square, it probably would’ve measured nine-by-nine inches. The wood was a dark blue, so dark that it could be mistaken for the color black. It tingled on contact with her palm, and she smiled, giving the other nairue in the room an approving nod as she traced the silver filigrees. “You like?” Siro asked, his predatorial eyes trained on the closed door.
“Very much. Thank you.” Aria slipped the mirror down her pants, and if anyone so much as tried to take it from her, she was going to throw the worst temper tantrum no one has ever seen.
“Now, I must go,” Siro said softly, and she gave him a pout as the shadows slowly withdrew. “I’ll see you on the other side.” With a mischievous smirk, he waved and jumped into the ether. Aria eyed the door of her room, and she wondered how long it would take for her to wipe out the entire occupants of Skull Valley Manor. However long it took, she was damn sure not going to spend another evening being locked up. She smiled maliciously, a peel of uncontrollable laughter escaping her mouth as the sound of deadbolts slid out of place. The door slowly opened, and she struggled to her feet.
Hope folded her arms and pouted up at the tall nairue male standing in front of her. She resisted the urge to poke him in the gut to get his attention. Instead, she waited patiently as he scrolled through the messages on his E-Net. After what felt like an eternity to her, Siro pocketed the device and walked into the other room. “Hey!” Hope spluttered, launching herself at him. With a chuckle, her father turned and caught her, holding her tight to him as he dropped into one of the empty chairs. “Who were the messages from?”
“Siv.”
“What about?” she asked and snuggled into him.
“Oh,” Siro drawled. “You know.”
“I know? Father, tell me.”
“Can’t it be a surprise?”
“I hate surprises.”
“Well,” he said and nuzzled her hair. “You’ll find out soon enough.”
“Find out what?” Aurora asked as she entered, a lit candle in her hand. Hope covered her eyes, peeking through her fingers as the endahli drew near. Althea entered the room a minute later, and the youngling scowled at the bright light that flickered white in her outstretched hand. They set the transparent red bowl-shaped stands on the table before taking their seats.
“Is anyone else coming?” Siro asked dryly. “Or is this all of you?” Aurora shrugged, twirling a few strands of her reddish-purple hair around a finger.
“Mia and Lucina are on the way,” Althea said and leaned back with a yawn. “and Siv.” Hope felt the darkness around her tremble, as if someone was traversing it. Dropping her hand, she moved into a more comfortable position on her father’s lap, alert and ready to act. Go on without us, Siv said into the minds of Siro and Hope. But I am sending Lucina to you. A furious Lucina appeared a couple of minutes later, her white-blonde hair windswept. The young nairue female caught herself on the table before she could fall flat on her face. Ice pebbles that clung to her hair and clothes quickly melted, creating a small puddle of water around her bare feet. Siro’s hand snapped out, gently taking the girl’s arm and pulling her to his side. “Hungry?” Althea asked and threw a bag of organic granolas at her. Lucina caught it and frowned. “They’re actually good. I bought it from this human market.” The young nairue grunted, hissing and spitting profanities as she tore open the bag.
“Where is Siv and Mia?” Hope asked and reached for the glass of cold blackberry sparkling water.
Lucina let out a sigh, angrily stuffing her mouth with the dry snack food. “Skull Valley Manor,” she replied before crunching down.
“Skull Valley what?” Hope exclaimed. Siro tightened his arm around his daughter, smirking as she silently fumed.


* * * * * *



7

From her vantage point high up in the trees, Siv wrapped herself around a branch bared of leaves. Thirty feet below her, Mia pulsed with excitement. With one last swish of her tail, she curled into a ball. A second later, a figure shimmered into view. A tall nairue female floated above her feline form and grinned. “Well?” Mia asked. “Is it time?” Siv hissed, nodding. Mia looked up at the bluish-purple sky and ran a hand through her hair. “All right,” she said with a sigh. “let’s do this.” She disappeared into her feline form and sprang to her feet. Siv uncoiled from her branch and drop to the ground with a loud thud. Luckily, there were no one nearby to see or hear it. She slithered after the feline, hissing in annoyance when a twig snapped under her and almost poked her in the eye. The terrain around Skull Valley Manor might as well be a desert; a desert full of bared trees, rocks of all size, broken branches, cliffs, caves, and it was hot as fuck. The landscape from above looked like the ground had uprooted itself and heaved up everything. Siv let out a silent squeal of disgust as creepy-crawlies began to surround her. Ewww, ewww, ewww, she thought, mentally shuddering as she began to eat them as she went. Ewww-ewww-ewww, I’m going to be sick when I shift back. She hated eating bugs, but it was the fastest way to kill them. If she left them alone, they’d just be a great irritant to her. Besides, these weren’t normal creepy-crawlies, some of them looked somewhere between a scorpion and a maggot; some of them were a mix between fire ants and baby larvae; and some of them were roly-polies… except with stingers that oozed some yellowish pus that Siv crushed to death instead of eating. She rose onto her tail and twisted to her right, moving with lightning speed as she intercepted what looked like a retriever, except that retrievers didn’t have slimy infested green fur and orange eyes. Mia let out an angry hiss as she spun around and pounced on the thing. Siv’s fangs tore a chunk of its flesh, and she hissed in pain as its acidy yellow blood sprayed on her. Forget about being highly irritated, she was pissed. Son. Of a. Fucking! Bitch! Siv silently snarled. Mia let out a feral hiss and clawed at the zeladde from throat to groin, spilling its inners. To make sure it was dead as a doornail, she took its head. Siv scanned their surroundings, her tail rattling in both pain and a warning to others. Blue frost crystalized over her skin like armor, almost covering her completely. Apart from her head and tail, the rest of her was the color of pale blue. Standing guard over her, Mia let out an approving purr, even as she continued to crush the mutant bugs to death. Are you okay? Mia asked mind-to-mind. Siv shook, mentally checking herself over. I’m good, she replied as she spat poison into the eyes of another zeladde. It howled, reeling backward and crushing the remaining bugs. She lunged and coiled herself around the thing, squeezing. With a furious snarl, she opened her mouth wide, until she could fit its head in. She struck, snapping her mouth shut around the neck. Her shark-like teeth ground together, and she saw red as she opened her throat and swallowed the head whole. Rage surged through her as she continued to squeeze. The sound of bones breaking was music to her as her entire body vibrated. Come on! Mia shouted into her mind. Let’s go! She uncoiled, and with lightning speed, she snatched up the rest of the body before it could hit the ground. Swallowing it whole, she twisted about in midair, landing with a loud thud before slithering after Mia. Ugh, the nairue feline said with disgust. I thought we had nasty shit. We do, Siv said flatly. We just don’t fuck around with the critters here as much as we do at home. The feline sighed. You have a point.
“Halt!” an endahli guard suddenly called out as they approached the steep incline that led to the gate.
“Halt! My! Ass!” Mia exclaimed as she popped out of the cat. “We have permission to be here! Fuck off!” she snarled and slammed back into the cat. She streaked to the lone guard and buried her fangs into his thigh. He screamed, and Siv wasted no time as she lifted herself into the air. Her own fangs struck him in the side of his neck, and he convulsed as seizures took hold of him. She followed him to the ground, tearing away flesh as she ripped into him. The head rolled from the body as she crunched down on the protruding spinal cord. Incoming! Mia yelled into her head. Stop picking his bones and come guard me! Right, Siv silently muttered and slithered off the very dead guard, a piece of flesh dangling from her mouth. Her tongue snaked out, flicking the bloody chunk of flesh upward and inward before swallowing it with a loud gulp. She quickly made her way to Mia’s side, watching as she began to eat the traceries of black and red threads that surrounded the entire manor; a web work of magic that pulsed in time with their heartbeats. She hissed at the six guards that came to investigate, and she mentally smirk as the surrounding shadows came to life.
“Reinforcement at the gate!” one of the redari guards shouted as about twenty nairues separated themselves from the shadows and took flight.
“Go,” Jayna hissed, nudging the two-hundred-fifty-pound snake coiled protectively around Mia. “I’ll watch over her. You go see what’s happening on the inside.” You sure? Siv asked into her mind. She nodded, and the pale blue snake uncoiled, slithering through the unraveling hole and throwing herself at the massive gate ten feet in from the wards. The sounds of battle going on around her faded to the back of her mind as she furiously broke the hinges one screw at a time. Hot blood rained down on her, but she ignored it, the sound of the gate being smashed open the only thing she focused on.
Inside the manor, Shane stood on the second floor, one hand on the railing as he looked down at the chaos below him. Guards were running about, shouting out orders. He had no idea what was going on, but the churning feeling in his stomach told him who might. A cold feeling of dread overcame him as he turned and strode for the elevator. Hitting the up button, he waited impatiently for the doors to open. A minute later, which felt like forever to him, the doors slid open, revealing nothing but darkness. He cursed as his instincts kicked in, but he was a split second too late as a white hand shot out and grabbed hold of his wrist, yanking him inside. Shane jerked his arm away, grunting in pain as his skin began to tighten. Before he could hit the switch that would light up the lift, someone made a gurgling sound. “Aria, what are you doing?” he asked through gritted teeth as he blocked her from hitting the close button. A gasping redari guard was on his knees before her, her hand buried in his chest.
“Remove this collar,” Aria said calmly. “or I will slowly remove his heart and eat it.”
“There is no need for—”
“Do it!” she shrieked as her eyes turned red. With a feral scream, her hand clenched tightly around the guard’s heart, and she tore it out with a hiss. She squeezed the organ, snarling as golden blood splashed to the floor. Shane growled, cursing vehemently as he grabbed her and tossed her into the hall. Aria screamed, throwing the torn-out heart at the wall as she flipped in midair. She landed in a crouch, baring her teeth at the redari. She reached up and wrapped her fingers around the collar, tugging at it hard enough to break something in her neck. Shane reached into his pocket, pulling out a small black device. It was a two-by-four inch remote with a single red button, and he didn’t hesitate as his thumb moved over it. A beep sounded as he activated the device. A blinding white light flared from the collar, and she let out a bloodcurdling scream as she went sprawling. Her screams were so loud that his ears bled, and his eyes felt like they were about to pop from his skull. She writhed in agony, and Shane was taken by surprise as she moved with lightning speed toward him. With a snarl, she slammed into him, knocking him back into the darkened elevator. His hold tightened on the remote that he held, and he snarled in pain as her teeth sank into his neck. Hot blood ran down his shirt as the collar around her neck flared a second time. She continued to scream, but she pulled back, yanking the remote from him and smashing it against the wall just as the shrilling sound of an alarm went off. Aria seized the split second of distraction and shoved the redari’s head into the wall. Remove! This! Fucking! Collar! Now!” she screamed, enunciating each word with a brutal slam of his head against the wall. Someone struck her on the back of the head, and she saw stars as hands grabbed her. Blinded with pain and rage, she dug her fingers into the arm of the person holding her captive and pushed, breaking it. She spun and tackled the endahli guard to the floor, driving her knee into his groin. He screamed and headbutted her. For a long second, white light was all Aria could see as she struggled to reorient herself. Someone grabbed hold of her wings, and she snarled at the strained muscles as she resisted the binding. One of her legs snapped backward, and she grunted in satisfaction as her foot struck hard into someone’s stomach. She almost cried with relief as the cool embrace of darkness enveloped her. The guards hissed, releasing her as they fell back. Aria hit the floor with a grunt, and she trembled, the sweet, sweet feeling of relief riding her hard. She remained prone, listening to the sounds of grunts, screams, gurgles and snarls around her. Someone must’ve cut the main powerline, because all around her were shadows. She reached for the collar, growling and baring her teeth as she pulled at it. Flipping onto her back, she cautiously sat up and took in her surroundings. A redari lay a yard from her, slowly desiccating minute by minute from lack of light. She smirked as she crawled toward him. “You don’t look so good,” she hissed and patted his cheek affectionately. “I don’t suppose you know how to remove this collar, do you?” He shook his head, and she sighed, sitting back. She clasped her hands together and rested her chin on them as she watched a nairue take the head of an endahli. At the far end of the hall, Siro slammed Shane to the floor and locked his jaws around the redari’s upper arm. Aria winced at the sound of snapping bone, and she hoped he wasn’t going to kill the redari just yet. She got to her feet and launched herself into the air, smirking as one of her wings sent another guard tumbling backward. She landed beside the struggling pair and wrapped an arm around Siro. Her other arm snapped out, driving her fist into the side of Shane’s head and knocking him out. She nuzzled Siro’s neck and pulled him to her. “I need him alive,” she whispered in his ear. “Unless you know of another redari who is able to remove this thing from around my neck.” He turned, wrapping his arms around her as a low growl vibrated the air around them.
“What of the other prisoners?” he asked as the shadows rippled, as if alive. Aria frowned and tilted her head to the side thoughtfully.
“Jayna and half of us are taking care of the rest,” Mia said from the ceiling. She looked up and smiled at the ethereal figure. “It’s nice to see you again,” Mia said and smirked.
“Who’s guarding your kitty self?”
“Siv. She’s still outside.” Siro got to his feet, pulling Aria up with him. “I’ll clear the way for you,” she said and drifted down beside them.
“Thank you,” Aria said softly and chuckled as half a dozen guards were lifted by some invisible force and slammed into the ceiling and walls. Golden blood poured from their eyes, ears, and nose as Mia slowly crushed their brains. The nairues took the advantage and went in for the kill. Aria grabbed up Shane, and Siro took to the air, taking them with him as he flew to the ground floor. More guards fell under the onslaught of Mia’s mind-melt as Siro set her on her feet just outside the main door. She turned as a hand landed on her shoulder, and she gave the male nairue a grin.
“Sin,” she said happily. “does Siv know that you’re here?” She touched the blue blood on his sleeve and frowned. “Tell me that this is not yours.” Sindre wrapped an arm around her shoulders and led her down the long pathway.
“She does,” he said and smirked, taking Shane from her. “and no, it’s not my blood.”
“Well, damn,” she said, disappointed. The gate at the end of the path hung from a couple of hinges, dangerously on the verge of crushing or impaling anyone that passed through it. Aria and Sindre drew near, and one of the nairues standing on the other side yanked the gate the rest of the way. She tossed it behind her, and it landed with a loud clang. Aria chuckled as she heard a snarl of pain. “That better be the enemy,” she sang and rubbed up against Siro as he stepped from the shadows. He wrapped his arms around her and nuzzled her hair.
“How are things out here?” he asked. I feel stuffed, Siv silently replied. Aria glanced down and smiled at the huge black snake.
“Sivvy!” she exclaimed happily. Siv hissed, and Aria grinned as she rose up and slammed into her. She would have fallen if Siro hadn’t been holding onto her. Don’t call me that, Siv hissed, sounding very annoyed. Aria reached out, catching the upper half of her body before she could hit the ground and slither away. Patting the smooth scales, she nodded to the manor. “When you are done,” she said to the nairues lurking out of sight, seriousness back in place. “burn it down. Leave nothing untouched.” She paused, glancing at Sindre as a groan sounded. “Where is Karis?”
“She’s inside, sweetheart,” Siro said softly in her ear.
She frowned. “I want to see her.” Siv coiled around her shoulders, forcing him to take several steps back. Aria idly petted the snake and scowled. I told her to do her thing, Siv said into her mind. And she will be sure to blow this place up when she is done. She nodded, taking Siv with her as she began to walk toward the incline that led back up into the desert.


* * * * * *



8

Hope snapped out of her own thoughts and jumped up. She vaulted over the railing that was beside her, landing gracefully on her feet. Without a pause, she ran down the long hall and made her way to the closed door. Skidding to a stop, she unbolted the locks and pulled it open. Freezing wind buffeted her on all sides as she ran out into the howling ice storm. Her white-blonde hair flew back, caught in the furious grip of the wind as she followed the hum in her blood. Two hundred yards out, she was snatched up into the arms of her mother, and she squealed with happiness as she threw her arms around her neck. She held on tight, watching the swirling portal warily as Siv fell out of it with an annoyed hiss. “Where is Lucina, sweetheart?” Aria asked, stepping back from the portal as Sindre carrying a bloodied, unconscious, halfway desiccated redari came through.
“What is he doing here?” Hope spluttered, pulling away from her mother.
“Is it torturing time?” Lucina asked excitedly.
“Oh, I do love the sound of that,” Aria said cheerfully and clapped her hands together. “When do we start?”
Siro chuckled, pulling her to him. “Easy,” he drawled. “We still need to remove the collar.”
She scowled. “Don’t remind me.” She reached up and tugged at the gold band around her neck. It prevented her from drawing on her magic, entering the ether, manipulating the darkness around her, and so much more. Mia came through the portal, yowling. Close it! She snapped. A split second later, the portal vanished just as silently as it appeared. “What’s wrong with you?” Aria asked dryly and put a hand on her daughter’s shoulder. Mia stalked away, her tail lashing the air.
“Let’s head inside,” Siro said and led the way. Lucina ran ahead, her hands smacking against the door before it could slam in her face. Battling with the wind to keep it open, she stood aside, her eyes never leaving the redari as everyone filed inside.
“Where did you put our other guest?” Mia asked. Hope looked around and grinned at the floating nairue female. “Hope,” Mia warned.
“I didn’t do anything. He’s with Sylvar.”
“And where is… Sylvar?” Aria inclined her head, her eyes narrowed on her daughter. The youngling threw up her hands in exasperation and stomped off, muttering under her breath. Mia chuckled, shaking her head.
“Mother,” Lucina called and stuck her head out. “Are you coming in?” I’ll be there in just a minute, she replied into her mind. The youngling grunted and slammed the door, bolting it. She ran her hands through her wet hair, causing the droplets of cold water to fly in every direction. “Where are you putting him?” she called out to her father as Sindre turned a corner at the end of the hall and disappeared. She ran after him, but she came to an abrupt stop and grunted as she slammed into Aria. The much taller nairue wrapped an arm around her, catching her before she could fall onto her ass.
“Where are you going?” Aria asked sweetly as she looked up at her. She shuddered at the vacant look in her eyes and swallowed.
“To see my father,” she said slowly, carefully. She glanced around and scowled at the sight of no one around except for her and Aria. “You… you should wash up. You have blood in your hair.” And everywhere else, she continued silently to herself. Aria blinked and released her, grabbing a few strands of her hair and peering at it.
“Hmm, I guess you’re right.” She turned and flashed away, calling Siro’s name in a singsong voice as she went. She snickered and dashed off to find her father.
Mia smiled to herself, drawing the shadows to her as she followed the youngling down the hall and down a couple flights of stairs. She looked around the almost empty room, until she found what she was looking for at the far corner. She flashed over to it and studied it carefully. After a long, thoughtful moment, the youngling grabbed the silver ring attached to what looked like a hatch and pulled at it with a grunt. Halfway opened, she snapped out a foot and drove it the rest of the way. It hit the floor with a loud thump, and she jumped back before she could fall in. Like the floor, the oval-shaped door was dark grey. “Mia,” she whispered. “are they down there?” Lucina didn’t bother to look around for her, because there was no point when all she would find was darkness. She peered through the hole and let out a sigh of relief at the sight of another stairs going down.
“They most likely are,” Mia replied and released her hold on the shadows. “Want me to go first?”
Lucina looked up at her and frowned. “I’ll check it out on the ether side. Wait here, I’ll get the cat.” She ran back up the stairs, and Mia chuckled, her fondness for the little girl growing by the day, or on Rislyn, night. It was always night on their dimension. She floated through the opened door, whistling under her breath as she made her way downward. If she had to guess, there were probably around two hundred steps to go. She looked around at the smooth walls; traceries of blue and silver threads shimmering and pulsing with magic. She knew that the walls were also ice cold to the touch, and one did not need to be a genius to figure it out. The plume of white mist made it impossible to see very far. Even for her, she had to squint to make sure she didn’t go through the wall. “Mia,” Lucina chirped and peered down at her. “come back.” She nodded and floated up to her. The youngling patted the feline in her arms affectionately, and Mia smirked as she narrowed her focus and arrowed into the limp, animal form of herself. “Ready?” she asked and nuzzled the cat, hugging her tight to her chest. Mia purred contentedly, and the youngling giggled as she took several steps away from the opening in the floor. Careful, now, Mia said softly into her mind. “I know what to do,” she reassured the fluffy cat and took in a deep breath. She centered herself, reaching for the silver thread of pulsing energy with her mind and pulling it downward. A second later, her stomach dropped, and she shuddered at the split-second feeling of emptiness. Opening her eyes, she took in her surroundings and set the cat down as her brain shouted a warning.
“Well, well, well,” an amused, female voice drawled. “Isn’t this interesting.” Lucina gulped and slowly turned to face the speaker. “Step away from the cat.” It was a shame that they were in the ether, because there, anyone was safe from the touch of both light and darkness. Several yards in front of her stood a smirking redari, one hand on her thigh and tapping a finger against it, as if she was impatient. The misty grey atmosphere of the ether stretched for miles in all directions, and she stuck a hand into her pocket, silently letting out a sigh of relief as her hand closed around the smooth handle of a small mirror. She had no idea what redarians or the endahlians use to determine where they were to end up if they left the ether, but whatever or however they managed such a thing, she didn’t have time to contemplate. A ball of golden fire appeared on the redari’s outstretched hand, and she swallowed hard as her own magic gathered within her like a well of cool water. “Step away from the cat and come to me, girl.” Mia purred and rubbed up against her leg, reassuring the young nairue female that she was there. Lucina glanced down at her and cautiously approached the redari. “Good girl,” she said as the youngling stopped a couple of feet from her. She pulled out a delicate-looking thin gold chain from her pocket and held it out to the young nairue. “Take this and put it on.”
“Why?” the youngling growled, and both sets of her fangs snapped out as the rest of her teeth turned razor-sharp—shark-like. Her silver-green eyes turned acid-green, and she began to pant, resisting the urge to rend the redari apart as sharp poisonous claws shot from her fingertips. Black poison dripped from her fangs, and she smiled as the redari took a careful step back. Her eyes flamed golden, and the fireball in her hand grew larger. Lucina glanced down at her own hands, and after a moment, she raised one of them, concentrating. An opaque ball of ice appeared on her palm, even as she mentally reached out with her mind. The ball of ice began to melt, and without thinking, she threw it. The ball of fire wasn’t far behind, and the sound of sizzling was loud to her ears as they collided. An invisible force slammed into the redari, lifting her into the air. Lucina bared her fangs, struggling as she lifted her higher. A glint of gold flew at her, and Mia let out a furious hiss as she launched herself at it. “You little bitch,” the redari snarled as the cat snatched it from the air.
“Who are you calling a bitch?” Hope screeched as she appeared beside Lucina.
“Excellent,” the golden-eyed female said and laughed as she launched volleys of fireballs at them, breaking Lucina’s hold. Even though able to stand the touch of light, the nairues dodged them, because fire was fire. Silvery-blue whips shot from Hope’s hands, and the redari dodged them by a scant inch. Lucina cried out in pain as invisible knives repeatedly stabbed her in the head. Blue blood poured out of her ears as she fell, her arms wrapped around her head protectively as she writhed. White mist rose up around her, and Mia meowed, gently pawing her. Hope thought she couldn’t get any more enraged, but she was wrong. The ether flowed with them as they moved, and she lost all sense of where they were as she launched bolt after bolt of ice, combatting the relentless balls of flame thrown their way. Mia stepped from the thick white fog, no longer in her cat form. The redari blinked, and she faltered as she stumbled back in surprise. Hope let her last ball of ice fly, and she smiled as it hit her in the chest, driving her back another step. After she was sure that Mia had control of the situation, she ran into the thick white fog and knelt beside Lucina.
“I have an idea,” Mia said conversationally and smirked. “How about you pick on someone your own size?” A sudden gust of wind caught the redari, and she dropped as a greater force slammed into her. It pressed her down, slowly crushing her. She stalked toward her and stared down at the redari, who was unable to move as golden blood trickled from the corners of her eyes. “Who sent you, Elearien?” She let up on her hold, enough for her to speak.
“One of your kind,” the redari spat as she struggled to break free.
“A name, whelp. Give me a name, and perhaps, I’ll let you see another sunrise.”
“If you let her live,” Lucina snarled. “I’ll eat her while she sleeps.” She emerged, Hope right behind her as she stomped toward them.
“Easy, little one,” she said soothingly. “You’ll get your chance.” The youngling opened her mouth to protest, but before she could say more, darkness enveloped them all, yanking them out of the ether.
Agony gripped Shane as he slowly regained consciousness. By the feel of being squeezed to death and the sharp pain every time he moved, he knew that he was in darkness, if not completely, then mostly. “Wakey, wakey,” Aria sang and clicked on the penlight she held in her hand. She pointed it into his face and chuckled as he blinked open his eyes. Silver shackles held his wrists and ankles to the metal table under him, and he winced as she clicked it off. He felt a little better as she reached up and pulled on a string. The light that came on barely illuminated the room he was in, but it was better than no light at all. “Shane,” she said with a sigh and leaned over him. “What must I do to get you to remove this collar?”
“Nothing,” he rasped and cleared his parched throat.
She blinked. “Nothing?”
“Since you blew up the place, and I’m being held captive…” He shrugged.
“Are you trying to convince me not to kill you?”
“Is it working?” She straightened, turning at the sound of a door being opened. Her nostrils flared, and she growled at the scent of fresh blood. Siro, Mia, Hope and Sindre stepped inside, all looking on the verge of driving an icepick into someone’s skull.
“Hope?” Aria growled and swept her up into her arms.
“I’m fine, mother,” Hope said and patted her cheek. “Really.”
“Where is Lucina?”
“She’s with Siv,” Sindre said and winced. She set Hope on her feet and flashed past them.
“Lucina,” she growled and ran up the steps. Pushing the heavy double doors opened, she ran down the labyrinthine halls. After a few minutes of twists and turns, she ran for the wall in front of her. Before she could crash into it, she leapt thirty feet into the air and grabbed hold of the smooth, redwood railing, flipping over it with ease to land on the floor above. She ran down the narrow hallway and through another door.
“We’re up here,” Lucina called, and Aria ran through another maze of halls. Filled with mist, she traversed them easily. Reaching the stairs, she flashed up the steps and into the basement of her home. Pausing to take in everything, she approached the bloodied nairue youngling and the huge snake wrapped protectively around her.
“Are you all right?” she asked and knelt beside them.
“I’m okay,” Lucina said, her low growls vibrating the air around them. She pointed a finger at an unconscious redari and hissed. Siv tightened herself around the girl as she tried to stand. Aria smiled and patted the snake soothingly.
“Hello, Karis.” She nodded to the opening in the floor. “Go ahead and take her down. I’ll be there shortly. And thank you for pulling them out.” Karis nodded and crossed the empty span of the basement. She jumped into the hole and disappeared.
“Are you going to close that?” the youngling asked and ran a hand up and down the length of the snake.
“Feel free,” Aria said and eyed her intently. A loud clang sounded, and she glanced behind her at the closed trapdoor. The silver ring was still vibrating as Karis stepped from the shadows a few seconds later. “That was quick,” she mused and smiled at one of her most elite disciples.
“I met up with Siro. I passed her onto him.”
“Ah,” she breathed. “Are you afraid I might slip into la-la land?”
Karis smirked. “It doesn’t hurt to be cautious.” She held out a hand to her. “Need a lift, boss?” Aria shrugged and took the outstretched hand. She pulled her to her feet, and the shadows bent and moved with them as they disappeared.


* * * * * *



9

Karis Szeldr pulled the door closed and slowly made her way back topside. Once there, she made her way into the small kitchen. The ocean blue linoleum floor was cool under her feet as she looked around at the ivory walls and counters. The cabinets were the same shade of blue as the floor with sterling silver handles. The Sovlik residence theme colors of white, silver and blue had a nice, cozy touch to them. After all, it was the color of Rislyn. She stopped in front of the light blue icebox and opened it. Cold air blasted her as she reached for a frozen bottle of Arctic Thunder. “Hand me a bottle of Chiller?” Siro asked from behind her. She nodded and reached for a plastic bottle of silvery white liquid. It was like water for humans except for the fact that it was silvery white and tasted of spinach and peppermint. It was a drink only nairues favored, and it was also vital when traveling out of Rislyn. Mixed with ingredients only found in the arctic shadow realm, Chiller was impossible to find elsewhere. It was also semi-frozen, creating a light vaper into the air once opened.
“Aria?” she asked and handed the drink to him.
He nodded. “She needs to drink gallons of it. They only fed her a small amount while she was at Skull Valley.” He smirked. “Except for the last day she was there.” Karis twisted the cap from her drink and guzzled it. “Too bad she didn’t force the drink down the redari guard’s throat.”
“Yeah, too bad,” she said and smirked. Chiller was also a deadly concoction to the redarians. As for the endahlians, they could survive, provided they sought out immediate medical attention. She reached for another bottle of Chiller and handed it to Siro. “Tell her I insist that she drinks all of it.”
“I will,” he said and walked out of the kitchen.
“And no chugging!” she yelled after him as she slammed the icebox lid shut. She turned and smiled at Hope standing in the archway that separated the kitchen and the short hallway that led to other parts of the house. “Do you need something?”
“Food,” the youngling replied and stalked into the pantry.
“Let’s hold off on that,” Karis said and chuckled. The youngling paused and stepped from the pantry. She eyed her intently as she came toward her. “I’m going to pay Sarai a visit. Want to come?”
“Shiarelle?” she asked excitedly.
“Yes.” The taller nairue held up a hand and smirked. “Not a word to your mother until you’re safely home.” The youngling nodded vigorously and launched herself at Karis. She wrapped her arms and legs around her as thick shadows—invisible to everyone else—rose up to encompass them. “Shield yourself,” she admonished. “Even though I have you covered, it’s better to be on the safe side than not.” She looked around and mentally reached out for anyone nearby. When she was sure that no unprotected nairues were around, she sent Siv a quick message that Hope was with her and ripped open a portal to Shiarelle. Before she stepped through it, she reached into one of her many air pockets and withdrew a sphere the size of her hand. “Get yours, Hope.” Hope nodded and held out a hand. They could retrieve their dark objects—objects imbued with shadows—from anywhere and at any time, but it was safer to have it before jumping into another dimension that wasn’t theirs. “Do you have your mother’s daggers?”
“Uh huh.”
“Good,” she said and wrapped her arms around the girl, who clutched a smaller version of the glass sphere in one hand. Taking a deep breath, she stepped into the portal and emerged into a brightly lit room. The portal vanished a second later, and she set Hope on her feet as she tried to blink the white spots from her vision. It felt like she had stepped into a sauna, and she wondered how in the ever-loving hell Aria endured it for the last two centuries of her nine-hundred-fifty-year long stint in the prison-like manor. Hope groaned in pain and mentally reached out to flip off the light. She drew more shadows to her and sighed. Her eyes never left Karis as she moved to the door and opened it. She peered out into the hall and nodded to Sarai as she approached them.
“You should have called me,” the tall redarian female with golden eyes said and smiled. “I would have turn off the light in one of the rooms for you.”
“Sorry,” Karis said and wiped tears from her eyes. It… didn’t help much, because she continued to leak, and her eyes still burned. “It wasn’t planned.” The flickering gold in Sarai’s eyes turned sky-blue, and she nodded as she sat on the edge of the table that was right outside the darkened room the two nairues were standing in. Karis pulled out her specially-made, ultra-dark sunglasses and slipped them on. She glanced behind her and smiled at Hope peeking from between her fingers.
“Did you forget your sunglasses, little one?” Sarai asked and chuckled. Hope grumbled something unintelligible and nodded.
“It won’t happen again,” she said and moved to Karis’ side. The redari nodded and closed her eyes. She barely opened them and leaned forward. For the redarians—prolonged exposure such as staring into darkness—felt like their eyes were going to shrivel up inside their skulls.
“I take it that this isn’t a social call,” she said and pulled out a palm-sized bottle of clear solution. Karis shook her head and pulled out a piece of folded paper from her pocket. She handed it to her, and she set down the bottle as she took it. “What’s this?”
“A message from Aria,” the nairue said and shrugged.
“Is she writing to me as a friend? Or as a viper?”
“That would depend on how you look at it.”
“Fair enough.” She carefully unfolded the extremely thin, thermal paper and read it. After a moment, she looked up and nodded. “Can I keep this?” The nairue inclined her head. “Thank you.” She carefully refolded the notebook-sized paper and slipped it into her pocket.
“Keeping it for proof?”
“Something like that. And yes, I will come with you.” Sarai stood and picked up the bottle of solarized solution. “Wait here. I’ll be back shortly.” Karis nodded and closed the door.
“What is she doing?” Hope asked suspiciously and dropped her hands from her face. She looked up at the other nairue and arched an eyebrow in question. “And what was that bottle.”
“She needs that bottle to keep from going blind.”
“We go blind if we stare at light for a long period of time, too,” she pointed out. “And we don’t have any special drops.” She paused and scowled. “Do we?”
“We do, actually.” The youngling blinked. “It’s made from quicksilver.”
“Mercury?”
“And other chemicals.”
“Do you have it?”
“I do.” Hope harrumphed and quickly backed away from the door as a knock sounded.
“I’m glowing like the noon sun,” Sarai warned and slowly opened it. The two nairues flashed to the far side of the room and drew more shadows to them.
“Son of a…” Karis cursed and glared at the redarian female bathed in golden light.
“I’m ready whenever,” she said and entered the room, hiding her light barrier as she closed the door behind her. “and for the record, I’m just as uncomfortable as you are.” Karis nodded and grabbed the silver thread of energy. Hope’s hand appeared out of nowhere, and simultaneously, they pulled in opposite directions. A swirling portal popped into existence, and Karis nodded to Hope and Sarai. The youngling leapt into it with a squeal.
“All clear!” Hope yelled from the other side. “No one is going to eat you! I swear it!” Sarai chuckled and stepped into the portal. The lone nairue took one last glance of the room and jumped into the swirling depths of darkness. She released her hold on the portal, and it vanished just as silently as it appeared. Aria wrapped a hand around her arm and steadied her as she gathered herself.
“Where did Hope go?” Karis asked and looked around the empty room used for portal-ing in and out. Aria, taller than her by a couple of inches, shrugged and flared her midnight-blue wings as she flew up toward the ceiling. They fluttered behind her, and she smiled as Siro appeared in the opened doorway.
“Hope took Sarai to the kitchen. She was complaining about food. Hope, that is. Not Sarai.” He looked up at Aria and scowled at her. “Come down from there, love.” Dressed in loose-fitting ice-blue pants and shirt from the softest fabric found only in Rislyn, Aria folded her arms and pouted down at him. Made from zidurling silk—a spider-like insect native to Rislyn—the thin fabric flowed around her lithe body like water. Hard to rip, easy movability, and durable to almost anything, it was an everyday wear for the nairue females. The males wore dark clothes made of slightly thicker materials, but other than that, there weren’t many differences between the male and female casual style of clothing. “Shane is ready to remove that collar from you.”
“Oh,” she said excitedly and flew out the door. She clipped Siro with one of her wings as she passed over his head. “why didn’t you say that to begin with?” He chuckled and went after her. Karis smiled and followed more slowly as she thought about her next assignment. She stopped in the kitchen for another bottle of Arctic Thunder and sipped at the transparent blue fizzing liquid as she made her way downstairs. She let out a squeak and nearly dropped her drink as a hand wrapped around her upper arm and pulled her into the ether.
“You’re missing the fun,” Hope hissed in her ear. She stared at the youngling, who was munching on a garlic cheese bread. She held a plate full of them in one hand and ran off. Amused, Karis ran after her.
Aria felt the heat of a redari, long before Sarai appeared in the doorway of her bedroom. She looked slightly surprised at the small pool of dark blue light in the center of the room, and the nairue smiled from her leaning position by the window as she walked to stand under it. “You didn’t have to go to all the trouble,” Sarai said and sat on the edge of the turquoise, king-sized canopied bed.
“It was no trouble at all,” the nairue replied and pushed from the window. She walked over to Sarai and stopped a few inches from the pool of light. Shane appeared and entered her room with Siro a step behind him. Neither of them complained about the discomfort of one another as they came toward her.
“Vesanga,” Shane grunted in greeting.
“Azira,” Sarai drawled and smirked. “Fancy seeing you here. And not in chains, either.” Siro stepped away from the redari and wrapped an arm around Aria. He pulled her close, and she sighed contentedly at the feel of him. Jayna walked in a minute later, and she closed the door behind her as she took in everything.
“What a cozy bunch,” she mused and walked up to Aria’s other side. “So, tell me, how does this work?” Shane stepped forward and grabbed the collar. They watched him carefully as he drained it of solar. He turned it until he found the lock mechanism. With a pulse of magic from his fingers, the locks disengaged, and the collar snapped open. Jayna removed it from around Aria’s neck and vanished into the shadows. Siro lifted the dazed nairue into his arms and sat with her back to his chest. One arm wrapped around her middle, he stroked her hair back from her face and waited her out as shudders overtook her. Jayna reappeared and sat next to them on the bed with a tray of food in her hands.
“Will that be enough?” Sarai asked and stole a coconut wafer-like snack from the plate. She danced out of Jayna’s reach as she stuck the entire snack into her mouth and chewed. It made a satisfied crunching sound, and she shuddered inwardly as the taste of coconut that left her mouth slightly cool, burst on her tongue. Aria let out a shuddering sigh and sat up straighter in Siro’s arms. She rested a hand on her sister’s arm and reached for a plate full of at least a dozen turkey sausage patties. She ignored the burning pain caused by the light and dug into the food, as if she had been starved for weeks. They watched her with amusement as she finished off the sausages and went through a large bowl of creamy mash potatoes, half a dozen buttered golden-brown biscuits, half a dozen lamb chops, a pound of bacon, four cheese-filled rolls, and two huge banana muffins with nuts. She attacked the wafer-like snack last and groaned as she inhaled them. Shane and Sarai looked somewhere between disgust, amazement, and horror. The redarians ate food like the others, but the nairues took it to a whole new level. Jayna handed Aria a cold thirty-two-ounce cup of Chiller and smiled as she silently laughed. “Would you like some more?” Sarai drawled and chuckled under her breath. Shane’s eyes widened as the nairue sipped at her drink thoughtfully. Aria smiled around a fat pink straw and sighed as the cold liquid went down her throat. The feel of the ether, the stars, the moon, and the weight of darkness pressed against her on all sides, like a riptide had rose up to swallow her whole.
“Not to worry,” she said and smiled. “I’m contented. For now.” She removed the lid from her cup and chugged the rest of the drink down. When she was done, she set the empty cup onto the full tray of trash and stood. “Now, I’m going to pay our… other guest a visit. I have a few questions that I need answers to.” She pulled shadows to her and became one with them as she jumped to her destination several hundred feet under the ice. “How is our guest?” she asked softly as she solidified behind Karis. She looked over at the restrained redari and smiled.
“We haven’t really started,” she replied and turned until she could see both nairue and redari.
“We?”
“Your daughter and Lucina seem to have staked their claims on her.”
Aria chuckled. “Is that so?” The other nairue smiled and trailed the tip of her lunar dagger along the redari’s exposed leg. A line of frost formed in the light cut, and the redari gritted her teeth in pain. “Elearien, is it?” Aria stepped to the table and looked down at her. “You, my friend, had just stepped into a nest of vipers. You won’t leave here alive.” She pulled a tendril of shadow to her right hand and smiled as she formed a dagger. “Do feel free to scream. Oh, right about… now.” Her hand flashed downward, and she grinned as the dagger plunged into her stomach. A bloodcurdling scream tore from the female, and she strained against her bindings with all the strength she could muster, even as gold blood arced into the air, and she began to slowly freeze from the inside out.
“I will kill you,” she snarled and slammed back against the table, panting.
“Yes, yes,” Aria said in a bored tone. “I’ve heard it all.” She reached down and patted her arm. “Now, you just lay there and relax. Everything will be all right.” She smiled. “Hope,” she said and turned to look at her daughter. “you and Lucina, come on in.” The two younglings stepped into the room and closed the door behind them. They came up to either side of her and smiled at the writhing redari.
“Is it playtime, mother?” Hope asked and opened the black bag that she held in one hand.
“Oh, I think it is,” Karis said and smirked as she went around the table. “Be a good redari and hold still.” She reached behind her and grabbed the cold, smooth metal of a silver collar. She looked at it and arched an eyebrow in question. “It’s funny. Aria was just released from her own collar. Huh, talk about a full circle.” She smiled, and her hands were a blur as she snapped it around the redari’s neck. Elearien screamed as what was left of her magic drained to nothing. “Much better.” she whispered close to her ear. “Keep up the screaming, and maybe we’ll end it quick. But first…” Aria’s fangs snapped down, and she smiled as her tongue flicked out. She pouted and grumbled as Karis held up a hand. “Did you know that we carry multiple strains of venom? It would take only one nip to kill you.”
“Or a scratch,” Lucina said and held up her hands. Black poison dripped from the tips of her claws, and she smiled as she slowly reached out to the redari.
“Lucina,” Aria growled.
“Just a tiny little one, please?”
“Uh-uh-uh,” she warned and covered the youngling’s outstretched hand with her own. “Later.”
“Fine,” she conceded reluctantly and withdrew her hand. Hope pulled out a metal object from the bag and held it up. Her mother let out a sigh of resignation and shook her head as she stepped away from the table. The youngling began to glow, her skin taking on a silvery sheen as she walked to the small table beside the closed door. She set the bag on it, and she glowed brighter as she returned to the restrained redari. She looked down at the metal object in her hand and frowned. Lucina stepped up beside her and smiled at the perplexed look on the redari’s face. “We may not be able to stand the touch of light or the sun, but we can stand moonlight. After all, it’s the source of our power.” She grinned. “and it can also burn like fire.” Hope reached out and placed a hand on Elearien’s leg. Aria looked on with a smile as the two girls giggled at the pained gasp of the redari. Her leg reflexively jerked from the youngling’s touch, who looked pleased at the angry red handprint that was left behind.
“I’m good now, mother,” Hope said and dimmed the silvery-blue light around her as she plunged the sharp pointy end of the object she was holding into the wound.
“Are you sure?” she asked over the redari’s renewed screams of agony.
“Yep,” she chirped and all but bounced to the door.
“Where do you think you are going, sweetie?” she asked and was suddenly beside the youngling. She placed a hand on her shoulder and smiled down at her. Hope glowered up at her mother and held up three fingers. She smirked and touched the index finger to her mouth twice. Aria huffed at the gesture and opened the door. “Very well,” she said and allowed her and Lucina to leave. She watched them, as they turned a corner and disappeared.
“You’re supposed to be a good role model to them,” Karis drawled from behind her.
“Really? What makes you think that I’m not?” the other nairue replied and walked back to the metal table. Karis snorted and chuckled as the shadow dagger tore from the redari’s stomach. “First question of the…” Aria inclined her head and grinned. “We don’t differentiate between day and night here, do we?” She tapped a finger against her chin and frowned in thought.
“First question of the bell?” Karis suggested and pulled out a handheld mirror. After a second, the glass turned opaque. In another second, it cleared to show earth. “Make that day,” she drawled and tapped a finger against the mirror. She turned it for Aria to see, who nodded at the beach scene and smiled.
“Where is that?” In the mirror, the scene slipped by like a movie on fast-forward. After a few seconds, it stopped, and Karis zoomed in on the sign like one would with a camera.
“Florida.” She shuddered. “Not for me.” The mirror returned to the beach scene, and they could see children playing in the sand and watched over by their guardians.
“Day, it is, then,” she said as Karis propped it against the wall in a slanting angle. “Who do you work for, Elearien?”
“Before you think about not answering,” Karis mused and moved up beside the only other nairue in the room. “I suggest that you not go down that route. If you do, your stay here will be long and painful.” She paused. “Well, more painful.” She clicked her tongue and inclined her head. “So, my light friend, who do you work for, hmm? The Black Hand? The Rising Phoenix? The Zephyr?”
“I won’t tell you shit,” Elearien hissed and glared at them.
“Excellent,” Aria said gleefully as she bounced in place. “Excellent. Just excellent.” The redari stiffened but remained silent. Karis let out an exasperated sigh as the other nairue bent and reached under the table. She pulled out a white plastic bin and rummaged around inside it, until she found what she was looking for. She straightened and kicked the bin back under the table as she uncapped the syringe. She held it up for her disciple to see, and she laughed at the dismayed look on her face.
“You wouldn’t.”
“I would.”
Karis chuckled. “Of course, you would.” She held out her hand for the syringe. “Let me.” Aria pouted, but she gave it up without saying a word.
“What are you going to do?” Elearien asked as she watched the two nairues every move. One of them patted her cheek and smirked as the other one vanished into the shadows.
“You’ll find out in a couple of minutes. Don’t worry, it’s not deadly. Much.” Elearien gulped, and she had a pretty good idea of what was about to happen. After a moment of heavy silence, Karis solidified and jabbed the needle into the side of her neck. She jerked and hissed as a scorching hand held her head still. “Uh-uh-uh,” Aria chided, and then grinned as a drop of greyish liquid went into her.
“There,” Karis said and withdrew the still full syringe. “We’ll leave you alone for now. Let’s see if you’re ready to talk when we return.” She tapped a finger against the redari’s cheek and held out her other hand. The mirror flew into the air, and she caught it, even as the reflective surface shimmered and returned to normal. She gave the redari a nod and pulled Aria into the shadows. Elearien’s gasps were loud in the sudden empty room, and she groaned as white-hot pain coursed throughout her entire body. Black dots danced in her vision, and she let out a scream that echoed off the walls. Standing in the hall just outside the closed door, Siro smirked before he melded with the shadows, the rush of frigid air swirling in his wake.


* * * * * *



10

“Siv,” Hope sang and poked her. “Sivvy-Sivvy-Sivvy.” The little girl continued poking the sleeping snake, and she frowned when she didn’t stir. “Sin, why isn’t she waking?” Sindre, who was leaning against the doorframe of one of the two guest rooms, shrugged. “You’re no help,” she complained and scowled. Throwing herself onto Siv, she wrapped her arms around her and rested her head on the warm scales with a contented sigh.
“Time for class, sweetheart,” Sindre said as a lone blue star appeared in the sky followed by six low tolls of the bell. At midday and midnight—well, on Earth since it was always night on Rislyn—a gong would sound. If it was daytime, a musical-sounding bell would count the hours, and at night, a slightly lower sounding-pitch would toll. She groaned and rolled off the snake.
“Do I have to?” He arched an eyebrow, and she sighed as she jumped to her feet.
“Behave,” he warned as his eyes followed the youngling out the door. Hope gave a wave over her shoulder and disappeared. Sindre turned back to the room and entered. The door closed behind him with a loud snap as he crossed the room to the coiled-up snake. He knelt and placed a hand on the smooth scales. Siv stirred under his touch, and he mentally reached out. She felt a pressure building in her head, and she did her best to ignore it. Sindre harrumphed and pulled back. “Stubborn as always,” he mused and stroked her. “You’ve been asleep for a time now. It’s time to wake up.” How long is ‘a time’? “Four cycles.” He glanced out the window at the fading blue star. When it was twilight earth side, a cluster of red stars would appear before scattering across the vast horizon to mix with the other colors and shapes as the phase of the moon changed. While moon cycles took up to twenty-seven days to orbit around the earth, in Rislyn, it was much, much faster. Like the moon phases and cycles, the stars were also different, and like the constant big blazing ball of flame in the sky on Shiarelle, on Rislyn, it was the same with the moon. Siv uncoiled, and he found himself stroking smooth flesh as she opened her eyes. “About time,” he muttered and looked her up and down. His fingers moved from her hip to her stomach and rubbed it. “Still a little bloated, though.” She grunted as he drew circles on her belly. “How do you feel?” Siv reached up and covered his hand with hers as she pushed herself into a sitting position.
“I could use a drink to wash the foulness from my mouth.” She cleared her throat and rose to her feet. She turned and deftly caught the bottle of Chiller that flew through the doorway. “Thank you, Karis,” she said and smirked as she opened it. “Sin, stop staring at my ass.” She headed into the bathroom and set the cold drink on the counter that was so pale of blue that it might as well be white. Grabbing a bottle of mouthwash from the mirrored cabinet, she poured a good amount into her mouth and swished it around. Nairues, and therefore, all the other supernatural races on the planet, didn’t need to brush their teeth or what have you, but after eating mutated bugs and such, a good liberal mouth washing was in order. She reached for a hose-like device from the steel hook on the wall and glanced at the settings. It was set to cold, and she nodded as she squeezed the metal handle. Cold water shot from the spigot and rapidly filled up the white basin that was set to one side of the counter. She set it back onto its hook and rinsed out her mouth into the smaller blue basin beside it as Sindre entered. He put his hands on her shoulders and gently squeezed.
“What can I say,” he drawled. “You have a nice ass.” Siv snorted and continued rinsing her mouth. He chuckled and plucked the half bottle of mouthwash from her hand. “That’s good enough,” he said in exasperation. She looked up and smirked at him in the mirror.
“The fumes getting to you?” she asked sweetly as he blinked away tears. He grunted and stepped back as she straightened. She splashed cold water onto her face, eyeing the black rubber tubing that led from the silver handle of the spigot and into the floor. “That’s much better,” Siv said and grabbed a white washcloth. She wiped her hands and face dry as she turned to Sindre. “Lucina in class?” He nodded. “Good,” she said as she turned and set the cloth on the counter. She reached for the white basin as he grabbed the blue one. They walked to the small window as it opened. She leaned out and dumped the water as strong gusts of snow flurries swirled around her head like a small tornado.
“Good?” he asked and nudged her aside. She nodded and walked back to the counter. Sindre joined her a second later, and they set the basins back where they were. Siv grabbed her drink and walked back into the bedroom. She sat on the bed and chugged it. When she was done, she tossed it into the trashcan that was beside the nightstand. The bed dipped as Sindre dropped down next to her. “Should I be afraid?”
“Yes,” Siv said and turned to him. Before he could say more, she kissed him. He froze, all blood rushing southward as her hot tongue slipped inside and stroked his. His pants were suddenly too tight, and he groaned as fingers wrapped around him and gently squeezed. He mentally slammed the door shut, and the lock slid in place as he mentally rid himself of his clothes. Siv stopped stroking him and pulled back slightly. He felt a little… disappointed at the loss of her touch, and she smirked at his scowl. His eyes narrowed and went from silver-green to acid-green in a heartbeat. “Oh,” she said sweetly. “I like that.” She jumped to her feet, only to have an arm around her middle, pulling her back.
“I’m not done with you yet,” he growled and kissed her.
Lucina’s head hit her desk with a loud thump, and she silently groaned and picked up her purple tracer. Straightening up in her chair, she glared at the blank sheet of white thermal paper in front of her. She was doing her best not to fall asleep, but she was losing the battle. Uncapping the tracer, she began to write. In a room of about forty students, it was so silent that one could hear a pin drop a mile away. A frigid wind breezed through the small opening of a window, and Lucina paused in her writing to inhale the fresh air, then looked up at the whiteboard. She glanced around the room and took in the four white walls, the dark blue carpeted floor, the forty or so cream-colored desks with a student sitting behind them. A loud ding sounded overhead, signaling the ten-minute-countdown as she finished up what she was writing. Hope, who was sitting two rows in front of her and four desks to the right, looked up and gave her a nod. She held up a small stack of paper, before handing it to the mentalist teacher as she walked by. How did you do? Hope asked into her mind. She shrugged and handed her own papers to the teacher. I think I did okay, she silently replied and gathered up her notebooks, folders and tracers. She shoved them all into her purple messenger bag and got to her feet just as the bell rang. Lucina swung her bag over her head as conversations started up around her. “Jula?” Hope asked as she appeared at her side. Jula—not to be confused with the alcoholic drink julep—was a cold, creamy drink consisting of crushed leelos—juicy sweet bluish-purple berries native to Rislyn—with crushed vehelur leaves, milk, sugar, and other ingredients. It was somewhere between a yogurt, a smoothie, a milkshake, and ice cream. Basically, it all depended on who you ask.
“Sure,” she replied and followed the rest of the class out the door. The educational center was a white six-story building with a light blue roof. A river ran behind it, dividing it and the small park. Lucina and Hope made their way around the river, through the park, and down a block to a small shop. The bell overhead made a cheerful ding sound as Hope pulled the door open.
“Hi,” she called out as they entered and made their way up to the counter. “Two Cheirlit Julas, please?”
“Coming right up,” the nairue female behind the counter said and handed them a plate full of frucodies, which were technically cream-filled, flakey, powdery pastries.
“Thank you,” Lucina said and took the offering. She led Hope to the nearest table and sat. Hope pulled out a chair across from her and dropped into it. She grabbed a frucodi and bit into it with a sigh. There were no other customers, because they mostly ordered whatever they wanted and left.
“Are you done with class?”
“No,” Lucina said and nibbled on her frucodi. “Just on lunch break.”
“Ah. A bell?” She nodded and watched her shake the drink until it turned foamy. She poured the drink into two large clear plastic cups and placed a lid on both. Grabbing a small light blue plastic tray, she set the drinks on it along with a couple of paper-wrapped straws, a handful of napkins, and more frucodies. She came out from behind the counter and walked to their table.
“Thank you-thank you-thank you,” Hope said as she set the tray in the center of the table.
The nairue female smiled. “You’re welcome.” Lucina grabbed one of the drinks and stared at it as the foam settled.
“Can I get you girls anything else?” They shook their heads. “Okay, enjoy.”
“We will,” Lucina said and bit into her pastry. Hope nodded vigorously and took a long pull of her drink. Lucina reached into her pocket and pulled out her chip stick. She held it out to the owner of the shop, and she smiled before taking it.
“I’ll return it to you before you leave.” The youngling nodded as she went back behind the counter. It was quiet for a few minutes, as the two younglings ate and sip at their drink. Lucina stared out the window; the frigid wind howling and battering against the building, as if trying to flip it off its foundation. She wondered if the weather would ever calm as she swallow her last bite of pastry.
“You know,” she said conversationally and chugged down her drink. “I wonder why the redari wanted us.”
“You mean kill us?” Hope asked and wiped the sugar and powder from her hands.
“And that,” she replied as she did the same and held up her cup for a refill.
“I don’t know. I wonder that, too.”
“Nothing good.” The owner of the shop returned to their table and set down their second order of drink. “Thank you,” she said and got to her feet.
“Come back anytime.”
“We will,” Hope said and grabbed the drinks. Lucina took the chip stick from the owner and nodded as they walked to the door. She pushed it open as she pocketed her chip stick. They waved as they stepped from the shop and back out into the storm. They winced as softball-sized hailstones struck the top of their heads. Hope handed the other nairue her drink, and with one arm over their heads protectively, they ran.
Back at the educational center, Lucina yanked open the door and jumped inside with a curse. If she were human, the hailstones would’ve knocked her unconscious ten times over. The bruises she could feel were fading as she rubbed at one of them. “Only one more to go,” Hope said and gave her a wave as she ran up the steps to her next class. Lucina slammed her head against one of the red lockers and scowled. Shaking her ice incrusted hair from her face, she stomped down the hall and somehow dodged the other students coming at her in every direction. She considered it as a miracle, as she entered her astral 101 class and dropped into the first empty seat she could find.
Sarai Vesanga stood in the shadows, shielded by her light as she stared at the unconscious redari across the room. She mentally reached out a tendril of light and pushed it into her mind. She smiled as Elearien woke with a loud gasp. It was followed by a scream a second later as the tiny amount of poison continued to slowly eat away at her from the inside. She had been watching her for the past couple of bells, and it was time that she got an answer to one of her questions. “That’s quite enough,” she said softly and made her way to the redari’s side. She reached for her light, and Sarai allowed it as she slowly sat on the edge of the table. “Tell me, what faction do you belong to?”
“Why would I tell you?” Elearien wheezed and tried to fight the poison from her system. She pulled back and scowled at her. “And why are you on their side?”
“I’m on no one’s side but my own.”
“And here I was, thinking you love me,” Aria said serenely and solidified on the other side of Elearien. “Guess I was wrong.”
“I was hoping for my fifteen minutes of fame,” she said and glared at her.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I’ll be sure to make it up to you.” Sarai snorted and pulled in her light as the nairue came around the table. “I need answers by the fourteenth cycle of the moon.”
“Why? What’s happening at that time?”
“Oh, nothing important. The chancellor is just dropping by for a visit.” Sarai jumped up and almost, almost let out a squeal of astonishment.
“Nothing important?” she yelled. “Nothing important? You’re kidding, right?”
“Well…” the nairue said thoughtfully.
“Aria!”
“What?”
“She’s the chancellor of the nairue. If she was mine, I’d be panicking.”
“Who said I wasn’t? I’m quivering inside like a schoolgirl.” Sarai shook her head, and she couldn’t decide if she wanted to strangle the nairue, laugh hysterically, or cry. “What?” she asked indignantly. “I am.” She reached out a hand and trailed a finger down the groaning redari’s arm. “So, give it up. What faction do you belong to? If you answer now, you don’t have to meet the chancellor of my people.” She smiled. “Trust me,” she said in a conciliatory whisper. “You do not want to meet her. She bites.” Elearien clamped her mouth shut and glared at them.
“Two weeks is not a lot of time,” Sarai pointed out. The nairue sighed.
“Fine, I’ll use the human terminologies from now on. That way, there won’t be any… misunderstanding.” She pulled her hand away and gave Elearien an icy glare of her own. “Spill,” she growled. Sarai took a step back, shaking her head in disgust. “Very well. Have it your way.” She barely got out of the way as Aria formed a blade of shadow and plunged it into the prone redari’s side.
“You’re just as bad as Karis,” she muttered under her breath as a scream tore from Elearien. Sarai strode to the door and opened it. She stepped out into the hall and looked over her shoulder. “If I were you, Elearien, I’d pray I’m long dead before the chancellor arrives. Aria has a few more braincells than she does. She will kill you quickly. AS for the chancellor, she’ll laugh and dance in your blood as you bleed out.”
“Hey! I take offense at that,” Aria said and spluttered in outrage. The redari laughed and took Karis’ outstretched hand. A second later, she found herself standing in the archway separating hall from living room. Picking up the aroma of food, she made her way into the kitchen.
“Hope? Lucina?” she greeted as she entered. “What are you making?”
“Marinated boneless ribs,” Hope said and slid each one onto metal skewers. When she was done, there were over a dozen of them. The crackling black fire was loud in the silence as she hooked six skewers over the hotplate and into the flame to cook. There were eight ribs on each skewer, and Sarai marveled at the fact that nairues could eat and keep on eating. Lucina leaned in close and inhaled deeply. After a few seconds of holding her breath, she exhaled a gout of black fire. She quickly jerked back as the flame grew bigger with a whoosh. She grabbed a package of hotdogs and tore it open. Hope took it from her and dumped the entire thing onto the hotplate. The redari grabbed a skewer from the pile beside it and poked at them. After thirty, forty seconds, Hope grabbed a pair of silver tongs and removed the hotdogs, dropping each one onto a light blue porcelain plate that Lucina held out. She set it on the counter and eyed them hungrily. “No-no-no,” Hope warned and glared at her. “You have to wait like the rest of us.” The other nairue in the kitchen pouted and crossed her arms.
“Fine,” she grumbled and dropped into the nearest chair. Sarai leaned against the counter and eyed the two younglings thoughtfully. Her head jerked to the archway, and she smiled as Siv and Sindre stepped from the shadows. Where the approach of redarians felt like a sauna to nairues, to her and her kind, nairues felt like dunking oneself in ice water.
“Mother!” Lucina exclaimed and moved in a blur toward her parents. “Father!” Siv smiled and wrapped her arms around her.
“We thought we smelled food,” Sindre said and ruffled their daughter’s hair affectionately.
“Insane,” Sarai muttered under her breath. Sindre arched an eyebrow and smirked.
“I’m sure we have some rabbit food for you,” he drawled. The redari scowled and moved to the table as Lucina pulled her parents into the kitchen.
“I eat meat, too,” Sarai said defensively and picked up the glass of water that Hope set in front of her. “Thank you,” she said to the youngling as she went back to the cooking.
“You’re welcome,” she replied and popped the lid off the large red icebox that was beside the light blue one containing beverages. “And the ribs will be done in another minute.” Lucina pulled away from her parents and grabbed the plate of hotdogs from the counter. Siv took it from her and grabbed one before setting the plate in the center of the table. “What else should we make?”
“Go sit down, sweetheart,” Aria said as she solidified beside her and took the skewer from her hand. “I’ll cook something else up.” Hope nodded and followed Lucina to the table.
“So,” Siv said slowly and popped the last bite of hotdog into her mouth. “has anyone questioned the redarian male?”
“Not yet.” She nodded and restrained herself from picking up another hotdog.
“Sarai can do the questioning. She can mind rape him.” Siv elbowed the redari and smiled. “Right, right?” Sarai grunted. “Is Sylvar still with him?”
“Uh huh,” Lucina said as her father brought over the ribs.
“Where’s Siro?” Siv asked and grabbed one of the forks.
“He’ll be up in a minute,” Aria said and came over with cups of Chiller in her hands. She set one in front of Hope and Lucina, nodding to Karis as she entered. “Apart from Siro, are we all here?” There was a moment of silence, before Karis nodded and filled up her plate. She frowned and dropped into the nearest empty chair. “Don’t worry,” Aria said cheerfully as she dropped more things into the fire. “More food on the way. I should just do a crockpot. Hmm.” She walked over to what look like a pit and breathed fire into the round opening. It whooshed to life, popping and crackling loudly in the semi-silence.
“You have a fire pit in your kitchen?” Sarai asked dryly.
“What?” she said defensively. “Look at all those pretty seashell stones.” She dumped random meats and vegetables into a large pot that she took from the cabinet and hung it over the flames.
“You do know that will take several bells and a few chimes to cook?”
“Yes.” She pointed to the hotplate. “But that won’t.” She glanced at the digital oven and frowned thoughtfully. Sarai rolled her eyes and exited the kitchen. “Where are you going?”
“Home,” the redari said and made her way down the hall. “I’ll see if my people came up with anything.” She reached the door that led outside and paused as a tingle ran down her spine. She turned just as a portal popped into existence, and she nodded a thanks to Karis, who was standing in the archway watching her.
“No problem,” the nairue replied as she stepped into the portal.


* * * * * *



11

In the vast, empty wasteland of nothing but black ice stretched out for miles in all directions, Chancellor Luna Verity Rayne solidified from the shadows and looked around in mild curiosity. Dressed in all white, the tall female nairue began to walk, following the northern star as her silvery wings fluttered behind her. The ice storm had abated a couple of bells ago, and she wondered how long it was going to last before the next one came along. She sighed as a cold wind breezed through her hair. If one didn’t know their way around the frozen wasteland, one would become lost and slowly go insane. Since she was already in the insane category—according to her people—she was safe… mostly. She chuckled to herself as she veered right and reached out with her senses. The ether was calm, quiet. With a mental step forward, she entered the ethereal plane. She stepped from it a minute later and became one with the shadows as she quickly made her way to a small gathering of nairues a short distance away. One of them was her target, and she drew the shadows tight around her as she weaved between the two nearest nairues. There were six of them, and she frowned in concentration as she sifted through the myriad of unpleasant scents bombarding her. She tuned out the voices around her and zeroed in on the tallest of the bunch. In one of the more seedier parts of Rislyn, she had to work hard not to wipe them all out. Some of them don’t know what they’re doing, Luna, she silently chided herself. Behave, Luna. Splattering guts and entrails are unnecessary, Luna. Besides, you have a party to get to. Remember? Mentally shaking herself, she refocused on her mission. She reached out a metaphorical hand and slowly pushed against the wall that her target had carefully constructed around his mind. It was good, but to someone like her, it was child’s play. Not wanting to completely shatter his shield, she forced herself to stop after a crack was made. She pulled back and slipped through the dime-sized hole. The confusing mess that were his thoughts flitted around his head like angry bees, jumping around and constantly buzzing. She spaced out for a moment, forgetting why she was there. A name snapped her back to reality, and Luna scowled as she followed that train of thought to… She pulled out and smiled. Thank you, she said softly into his mind. As forthcoming as I am sure you are, and if it’s not much to ask, you must, please, kindly die. The nairue’s eyes went wide, but before he could warn his friends or do anything else, he suddenly found it very painful to breathe. His insides boiled and seemed to writhe under his skin. A pressure built in his head, and it continued to build as blood exploded from his eyes and ears. He couldn’t scream to relieve some of the pain. Instead, his agonized cries went unheard as his friends backed away and looked around in utter confusion. Shadows writhed around them, closing in on them, and preventing any means of escape. The shadows suddenly felt like enemies to them, and panic rose within the small group as their attempts at everything failed. Too focused on their own needs to survive, they didn’t see the silver-tipped dagger, or the figure in white that solidified before them as she drove the dagger into the already dying nairue’s skull. They did, however, noticed the hot blood that splattered them. They froze and slowly turned to face her. Luna smiled pleasantly at them and yanked the dagger free. While they watched, she mentally reached out and tore the dead nairue apart. When she was done, she, one by one, dropped the body parts and organs to the black ice. “Did you enjoy my show?” she asked and walked to the nearest survivor. “Not my greatest tactics, but… the end-result was the same. I do apologize for negating your abilities to find any means of escape.”
“Who are you?” one of them hissed and took a step forward. “We have done nothing to you.”
“That, I’m afraid, is where you’re wrong. Your dead friend was ever so grateful to provide me with some of the information I needed. Conspiracies everywhere I turn. I don’t know who’s friend and who’s foe anymore.” She let out a dejected sigh and wiped her dagger clean of blood. “If you’ll excuse me, I think I hear my sentinels calling me.”
“Chancellor Luna,” the one standing nearest her whispered in horror.
“Oh dear, I was rather hoping you wouldn’t say that aloud. Was it my wings that gave me away?” He nodded. “Of course.” She sighed. “I’m afraid that I have to kill you now. May you find peace in oblivion.” With that, she was a blur as she stabbed each one of them through the heart, instantly paralyzing them. She tore them apart, smiling as she did so. They were dead before they hit the ice, their gasps of surprise only heard by her and her two silently approaching guards. One female and one male, they came up on either side of her, looking both exasperated and amused.
“Did you have fun?” the female guard on her left asked and pulled the dripping dagger from her hand.
“Yes, I did,” Luna replied and chuckled. “It took you long enough to realize that I was no longer in my room. Any longer and I might have to do some demoting.”
“You wouldn’t,” the other guard said as they wrapped her in the strongest band of shadows they could make without leaving themselves defenseless.
“Care to test me?” He scowled at her and shook his head.
“You know that it’s dangerous to wander alone.”
“Are you implying that I am incompetent?” she asked indignantly. “And I wasn’t wandering, I’ll have you know.”
“Okay,” he said and held up his hands, placatingly. “Okay, calm down. We’re only looking out for your safety.”
“Humph. Safety, my ass,” she muttered as more of her guards appeared around her. One of them placed a hand on her shoulder and drew her away as some of them broke from the group to clean up the scene.
“Come on, Luna,” the female guard said coaxingly. “Let’s clean you up and talk about what you found, if anything.” The chancellor took in a deep breath and allowed herself to be translocated.
Back in her room, Luna pulled away from her guards and walked to the window that looked out into the deepest depths of Snow-silver Lake. If someone wanted to come for a visit, they had to either swim or portal over, provided one had access through the wards. Snow-silver Lake was one of the largest lakes on Rislyn, and she was one of the very few nairues that lived in its depths. Lake of the purest blue, she sighed with contentment as she stared at the rippling water. Fishes of all shapes, colors, sizes, and types swam, leapt, and dived past in the frigid water as she watched with unfocused eyes and a dreamy smile. The walls of her home were lightly frosted over, made from reinforced hydralinz—glass-like materials that the nairues used to make anything they want waterproof. Apart from her dark, blue-draped semitransparent walls, purple-carpeted floor and ceiling, the rest of her home had the normal, everyday household things. Like half of the nairue population, her colors were that of Rislyn, though more shades of blue than white or silver. The doors that led out to the waters had short tunnel-like halls that release pressurized air the moment the outer seals were opened. The wards that protected her also kept the water out, because one could never be too careful, even with air-filled tunnels. To simply put it, she was very happy right where she was, safely tucked away in her watery sanctuary under the lake. With two floors, three bedrooms with a full bath, a cozy living space, a kitchen and a public full bathroom on each floor, she was contented. To add to it, she had a library on the second floor. In her opinion, it was the best part of the house. “Luna?” a singsong, female voice called to her. “Luna.” Someone was poking her in the side, and someone else was gently tugging at her hair, while a third stroked one of her wings. “Luuuuuna. Earth to Luna. Are you alive in there?”
“Leave me alone,” she mumbled and elbowed one of her guards.
“No can do, I have petitions for you to look over.”
“If it has nothing to do with the factions, I don’t want to hear about it.”
“Hope?” She blinked and straightened from the window that she found herself leaning against. She turned and scowled at the six guards in the room with her.
“You have my full and undivided attention. Now, what is this about Hope Sovlik?”
“Hey, Sarai?” Her second tapped on the partially opened door before entering her office. She held her E-Net in her hand and stared at it. “Have you seen this?” Sarai set down her red tracer and took the device from her. She read the streamline scrolling by on the screen, and then whistled as she switched to imagery to look at the pictures. “There’s only one dead nairue, but according to the rumors, the Black Hand are missing six of their members.” She paused. “Viper?” Sarai shook her head.
“Not their style,” she said thoughtfully and set down the E-Net. “They bite their victims.” The redari nodded and flicked a finger across the screen. “You think they got all of him?”
She shrugged. “Probably.”
“How’s the hunt going?”
“They’re still looking.” Sarai nodded and leaned back in her chair. There was a knock at the opened door, and the two redarians blinked in surprise at the person standing between two of her guards. From the look on her face, she wasn’t amused in the slightest.
“Sarai,” Siv said sweetly. “tell your boys to back off before I do something that I’ll regret.”
“Let her through,” the redari said with a scowl. “It’s fine.” The two guards looked at each other, before stepping back and slowly nodding. Siv smirked and walked in with one hand in the pocket of her loose-fitting black pants. “Did you come alone?” Sarai asked and willed the door shut.
“No, I have my daughter with me.”
“And… where is Lucina?”
The nairue shrugged. “Keeping a lookout.” She pulled her hand from her pocket and held out a folded piece of paper. “I believe the chancellor of my people is arriving sooner than expected.” The redari winced and reluctantly took it from her with a scowl. “I just got word a few minutes ago.”
“When?” she asked slowly and opened the note.
“Within three days.” The assassin dropped into a chair and sighed. “I wouldn’t be surprised if you get a missive from Chancellor Blitsen.”
“Now that you said it, I will,” the redari muttered.
“Oh, Vanessa isn’t that bad. Luna, on the other hand… I think Chancellor Illiana Arin is the tamest of the three.”
“Just don’t say that in front of her.” The redari shuddered. “If you want your head right where it is.” Siv grunted and narrowed her eyes on her second. “Hey,” she said and snapped her fingers at the nairue. “She’s not your mark.”
“Humph. If she was, you wouldn’t know it.”
“True.” She glanced at the E-Net still streamlining the latest news.
“They left him there on purpose.” The two redarians nodded. “Oh, I do love myself a mystery.”
“Other than the note,” Sarai said and let out a heavy sigh. “did you come here for something else?”
“Hmm,” Siv replied and smiled. “Actually, I did come here for another reason.” She eyed the nairue suspiciously and arched an eyebrow in question. When she didn’t say more, the redari scowled.
“Well?” Siv looked around the small office and took in the cream-colored carpet under her feet; the four white walls with paintings of wild animals running through tall grass hanging on them. Beside the door was one that depicted a palomino mare munching on hay, and she smiled inwardly as she took in the rest. Like any other office in the world, Sarai had all the things one would find in a normal office found on earth. The only difference was probably the E-Net, other light objects she had lying around, or the total lack of darkness.
“You’ll know when it happens.” Before Sarai could demand a straight answer from her, she had vanished into the ether. There was no point in going after her, because she would already be gone. One didn’t stay in the ether just to hang out with friends; it was for means of moving somewhere fast if one didn’t, say, have any shadows to move in. Sure, the assassin had a shadow shield around her and her daughter, but it was just that, a shield. If she wanted to bend darkness in a place with no shadow to speak of, she would have carried a pocket of it in an object, or several of them. At that thought, the redari frowned and looked up at her silent second.
“See what you can find out before she does… whatever she’s going to do.”
“On it,” she replied and left the boring way, which was walking to the door, opening it, and stepping out into the hall.
Lucina was hopping in and out of the ether like she was playing hopscotch. A mirror in one hand and a lunar dagger in the other, she jumped out of the ether, inhaled deeply to catch the scent she wanted, jumped back into the ether, move a step or two, check the mirror to make sure it was empty of redarians, jump back out, and repeating the process. She had no idea how long she was at it when her mother appeared beside her and took the mirror. “Getting close?” The youngling nodded. “All right, let’s move fast before they get wind of what’s going on.” Siv picked up her daughter, and she held on tight as the world began to blur around them. She wondered how her mother could track without jumping back and forth. She suspected it had to do with the ability to imprint scents. Hmm, she thought and looked up as they came to a sudden stop. “We’re here.”
“Is he alone?” Lucina asked as her mother set her down.
“No, he has one other person with him. Are you ready?” she nodded and shifted, hitting the ground with a loud thud. She slithered out of her clothes and flicked out her tongue to taste the air. Siv bent and opened the purple backpack with a pink unicorn on the front. She picked up her daughter’s fallen dagger and sheathed it. Lucina watched her, her senses on high alert for anything. “What on earth do you have in here?” her mother asked and gathered up her discarded clothes. She quickly folded them and shoved them into the overflowing backpack. Scowling, she picked up the dagger and placed it on top of everything else. “I hope you don’t have anything breakable in here,” she muttered and pushed down at the contents as she zipped it shut. She picked it up and slid an arm through the strap. “Come on.” She held out her free one, and the snake slithered onto it with a hiss. She lifted her daughter with a smile and straightened. Slipping the mirror into her pocket, she jumped from the ether. She stared at the white door in front of her and inclined her head. The six-foot snake slithered up her body and around the back of her neck as she reached out a hand to the doorknob. Before she could knock or barge in, the door opened, and she found herself staring at a scowling Shane.
“Siv,” he said through gritted teeth and stepped back.
“Shane,” she said cheerfully and entered his room. “Please, tell me that you’re not surprise to see me.”
“I’m not,” he muttered and walked to his desk. “I knew the moment you left the ether.” The redari’s room was simple with a blue threadbare rug covering half of the red oak floor, a small bed at one corner by the window, and a desk with a lamp on it.
“Nice place,” Siv drawled, and she did not miss the silent redari guard standing tensely at the opposite corner of the room. She kicked the door shut and walked over to him. Lucina hissed softly in her left ear as she sat on the foot of the bed.
“Why are you here?”
“Right to the point. I like it.” She reached up and idly stroked her daughter’s head as she eyed the redari thoughtfully. Lucina uncoiled and dropped to the floor. The guard took a step forward, a golden-tip dagger suddenly in his hand. Siv had her own dagger in her hand, and she smiled coldly at him. Unlike the guard’s dagger, her own was coated in silver. “Want to see who’s faster?” Without a word, she moved, and the daggers sailed through the air. The solar dagger hit the wall with a loud thunk, and its counterpart stabbed deep into the redari’s guard upper arm. He gasped, and then screamed as Lucina sank her fangs into his thigh. Siv had another dagger readied, and she threw it, aiming for the jugular. It was overkill, but she liked to be precise. Lucina released him, and the guard hit the floor. He was dead before her dagger found its mark. White-hot pain suddenly seared her side, and she gasped as she held back a scream of her own. She ducked the second fireball Shane threw her way, and she snarled as her vision went red. In my backpack! Her daughter yelled into her mind. The sound of her blood thundered in her ears as she quickly opened it and reached for the first dark object her hand found. She yanked it free and threw the dark sphere at the redari. She smiled through the agony as his scream filled the room. Lucina was suddenly standing upright and very naked as she shielded her mother. With a shrilled scream that could probably be heard across all dimensions, she exhaled a stream of black fire at the redari and launched herself at him. Pride battled with pain, Siv half-laughed, and half-groaned as she grabbed another dark object. She straightened and grabbed another dagger. The door exploded inward, and six more redarians pushed their way inside. Okay, she thought and threw the cube of darkness at the door instead of her original target. Not good. Lucina let out another banshee scream and turned the stream of black fire into a volley as she bounced from wall to wall. She was a whirlwind of angry nairue as she burned the redarians. Siv lunged for Shane, and her ears bled as her daughter’s scream reached a higher pitch. Shane and the assassin grappled, hissing, screaming, gasping, snarling at each other as Lucina kept the rest busy. Shane’s solar dagger punched between her ribs, and she screamed with rage as her own stabbed deep into the side of his neck. Her fangs snapped down, and she hissed as she sank them into his arm. The redari convulsed under her, and his eyes rolled to the back of his head as his entire body locked up tight. She withdrew the dagger and drove it into his chest, straight for his heart. She yanked the dagger free and jumped up. “Lucina!” she shouted aloud and into her mind. “Gather up everything and let’s go!” With a scream, she yanked the solar dagger from her stomach and hurled it against the far wall. The youngling stopped her bouncing, and the volley of fireballs ceased as she gathered up everything and shoved them into her backpack. Siv was standing upright just by will alone, and she didn’t think she could keep it up much longer. Her daughter flashed to her side and grabbed her arm. She tossed two dark objects at the oncoming redarians and breathed a stream of fire at the bed. It ignited with a loud whoosh, and the nairues were gone as the entire room went up in flames. It rapidly spread, and the surviving redarians cursed up a storm as they ran. The fire chased them like hungry serpents as they quickly evacuated the building. A couple of minutes later, an explosion could be heard, and the ground rumbled as everyone ran for their lives. From high above in the sky, surrounded by six of her sentinels, the chancellor of the nairues laughed hysterically as hot tears rolled down her cheeks.
“I have to say,” Luna mused and snickered. “they sure do love going out with a bang.” She sighed happily at the carnage far below her and smiled. “I think it is time that we meet,” she said softly and ripped a hole in reality. With her silent sentinels around her, she took a swan dive into the void.


* * * * * *



12

Karis stood in the thickest shadows she could find and smiled as she listened to the various conversations around her. Behind the bar, Myra looked around nervously, as if she could sense her nearby. The endahli looked her way, and she stepped from the shadows and held a finger to her lips. She nodded, and the assassin nodded back as she became one with the shadows. Myra shuddered as the cold wave of a nairue vanished. In their shadow form, they were invisible to all. She slid a glass of Bacardi to a patron and swiped the tip from the bar. “Last round,” she called out as she mixed another strawberry daiquiri. When she was done, she set the drink on the bar, side by side, as the last few of her patrons came up. She watched them out of the corner of her eye to make sure that they tipped a coin or two. As the last of them trickled out, she made up another drink and turned to the darkest corner of the bar. After a minute, Karis solidified and stepped from the shadows.
“Is that for me?” she asked as she walked over and sat on the nearest stool to her. Myra nodded and set down the glass of honey whiskey in front of the assassin. “Thank you.” The nairue picked up her drink and took a sip.
“Would you like anything to eat? I can throw something together in a couple of minutes.” Karis shook her head and frowned.
“I’m here on business.”
“Well, you should’ve said something. I wouldn’t have given you that.” She pointed to the glass in her hand. The assassin chuckled and downed half of her drink.
“You and I,” she drawled. “both know that all it does for us, is give us a buzz.”
The endahli shrugged. “So, what can I do for you?”
“Do you belong to a faction?” She nodded. “Hmm,” Karis said thoughtfully and tapped a finger against the side of her glass. “Other than your own faction, do you know of anyone else who’s in one?”
“Well…” Myra said slowly. “Aria, Siv—” The nairue held up her free hand, and she fell silent.
“Any of your friends?” Karis asked dryly, emphasis on, ‘friends.’ The endahli chuckled as she wiped down the surface of the bar with a clean white towel.
“A couple, I suppose.”
“Suppose?” She shrugged. “Care to… elaborate?”
“I’m not sure if they are. I just suspect that they are.”
“Ah.” She downed the rest of her drink and stood. “Fair enough.” She set down her empty glass and reached for her black moneybag made from zidurling silk with a midnight-blue drawstring holding it shut. Opening it, she reached in and came out with a handful of coins the size of half-dollars. “Do you take rulik?”
“I do.” Karis nodded and let the coins clatter onto the bar. The endahli blinked. “That’s… way too much,” she said and swallowed. “I can’t.”
“Sure you can.” The nairue’s silver-baby blue eyes gleamed as she picked up a rulik and flicked it toward her. “Two is your tip, and the rest are extra.” Myra caught the coin before it could hit the floor. She rubbed it between her fingers and stared down at it. It was black with silver around the edges. One side of the coin had a snow leopard in mid-pounce, and on the other side was ‘LVR’ in gold calligraphy. “You hear a lot of gossips, do you not?”
“I do,” she said cautiously and set down the coin.
“Well, if you hear anything out of the ordinary, I’d appreciate it, if you let me know.” Myra swallowed nervously and looked around.
“What if I refuse?”
“If you refuse, I’ll have to kill you.”
She gulped. “Isn’t that going a little overboard?” she asked and looked her over. She saw no weapons on her, but she’d be a fucking idiot if she thought the assassin wasn’t carrying.
“Not really. You know what I look like. I can’t have that. You understand, don’t you?”
“Fair point.” She took in a deep breath and nodded. “All right, I’ll let you know if I hear anything interesting.” She swiped up the rest of the coins—six rulik in all—and slipped them into her pocket. “How will I get in touch with you?”
“Don’t worry about it.” Karis inclined her head and pulled at the string of her moneybag. “I’ll find you.” Myra’s stomach bottomed out, and a chill washed over her as she stiffened. “Enjoy the rest of your evening.” The endahli’s eyes never left the assassin, as she turned and strolled to the door. It opened and shut with a chime, and Myra took in a deep, deep breath. She held it for a minute and let it out with a shudder. Fuck, she thought to herself and closed her eyes. I need a new job.
Outside, Karis looked up at the bluish-purple sky and inhaled the fresh, temperate air into her lungs. “That went well,” an amused, female voice said from behind her. She scowled and turned to face the newcomer.
“How long were you here?”
Jayna shrugged. “Long enough to hear the entire conversation between you and the bartender.”
“You don’t have to follow me, you know.”
“I’m not.”
“Oh? Then why are you here?”
“Can’t a girl be here for the reason of because she wants to be?” Karis snorted and turned. She glanced at the bar one last time and walked across the small empty stretch of nothing but pavement before them. The other nairue kept pace with her; their footsteps silent as they surreptitiously scanned their surroundings. “No one is out and about. Hmm, wonder why that is.”
“Have you checked your E-Net?” Jayna frowned and pulled out the sleek device, the shadows rippling around her as she moved.
“Well,” she drawled. “this is… interesting.” She paused. “Were they injured?”
“Siv got a fireball to her side and a stab wound.”
“Lucina?”
“Burns here and there.” Karis came to a stop at a street corner and opened a portal to Rislyn. The two nairues stepped through it, and it closed behind them just as silently as it appeared.
“How did Sindre take it?” Jayna asked as they walked through market square. Other nairues milled around them as they went from stall to stall. The scent of food teased the two assassins’ senses as they stepped into one of them.
“Oh, he was enraged, as you can imagine.” Karis nodded to the nairue male standing behind the white cloth-covered table as they came to a stop in front of it. “Four large bags of spicy cheese popcorn?” He nodded and turned to the table behind him. “Do you think Lucina would be up for eating?”
“If it’s food? Yes.” The salesman set down four white paper bags in front of them and waited expectantly. Karis opened her moneybag one-handedly and counted out ten rulik. She handed over the coins as Jayna grabbed two of the bags. She grabbed the other two and nodded to him.
“Thank you.” He nodded and watched them warily as they turned to the door. They paused, and Jayna scowled as she turned back to the table. She set down the two bags she was carrying and grunted as she removed the container that she had at her side. She popped open the travelling insolated container that all nairues carried around with them when out buying food and drinks. It was basically a lunchbox, only larger, and it had multiple compartments to it. It also had a small hot and cold switch along with an LCD screen on the lid. Karis frowned as they carefully set each bag of popcorn inside. “Good thing you thought of bringing this.”
“I almost didn’t, to be honest,” she said and closed it. She picked it up by the handle and nodded to her.
“Thanks again, sir,” Karis said to the silent nairue male and followed Jayna out the door.
Luna stood on the precipice of a roaring waterfall that overlooked The Zerenvelle River five hundred feet below her. Huge blocks of ice flashed by with the furious currents, and she smiled as she looked out into the distance. She could feel her sentinels nearby, and she wondered if they were bored, because if she were in their place, she would have been. Hmm, she thought to herself and shoved her hands into the pockets of her loose-fitting black pants. She wore a midnight-blue cardigan over a white shirt, and like all her shirts that she owned, they were made with wings in mind. The thirty daggers—light, shadow and mist—strapped all over her body were small, thin, needle-sharp, and poisonous. She rolled her shoulders and stretched as her silver wings flared to their full span of ten feet. One of her guards stepped into her line of sight, and she nodded to him as she leapt into the air. The four sentinels that made up her personal team of honor guards followed her as she flew higher into the sky. Her skin tingled as she harnessed the energy of the moon, the northern star, and shadows. They flew a few miles to the south in silence except for the wind that rushed past their ears. Luna suddenly folded her wings in and allowed herself to plummet through the air. At a hundred feet above the ground, she snapped them open and slowed her descent. Her feet touched the slick black ice a few seconds later, and she looked around curiously. Her sentinels landed silently behind her as she scanned their surroundings. When she found no one within three miles, she nodded to herself and ripped open a hole in reality. Six more of her sentinels appeared around her, and without a word, they followed her through the void.
The temperate climate of Mirinia hit her like a bucket of tepid water thrown over her head. She flapped her wings in annoyance as she ran her hands through her hair and shook off the ice crystals that clung to her clothes. She took in a deep breath and let it out sharply as she reached out with her senses. Unlike Rislyn or Shiarelle, the endahli dimension of Mirinia was neither completely lit by moonlight or sunlight. It was just… in the between, like it couldn’t decide if it wanted to be day or night. Wishing she was anywhere but there, Luna stalked out of the alley and onto the sidewalk. Her ten sentinels followed her like she was a popstar about to get mobbed by the paparazzi. She took in the green grass, the trees with dark green leaves, and a lone dark red bird with yellow beak and black eyes perched on one of the branches. No endahlians were out and about, and Luna smiled to herself as she turned onto a narrowed dirt road. After a couple of minutes of walking, she came to a stop and peered into the dark forest. Before any of her sentinels could say a word, she folded her wings in tight and held up a hand. She inhaled deeply and took in everything from the smell of the grass, dirt, trees, and the faint smell of honeysuckle somewhere in the distance. She sifted through the scents, narrowing them down to the one she was looking for. She thought about shifting, decided against it, and strode into the trees. She followed the multiple twists and turns, until she came to a graveled clearing. She nodded to her guards, and without a word, they vanished. In the center of the clearing was a pond, and forming a ring around it were eight tree stumps. She continued her way to one of them, and she sat as another figure stepped from the shadows. “You have been quiet as of late,” Luna said and smiled. The endahlian female—tall, skin the color of cream, reddish-purple hair, wings the color of the sky, eyes the color of the ocean—came to a stop about ten feet to her right and folded her arms.
“I was rather hoping that you would venture out of your ice prison.”
“Hey, my ice prison is very beautiful. You should visit.” Illiana Arin—chancellor of the endahli race—dropped her arms to her sides and strode over to the nairue. “Is Vanessa coming?”
“She’ll be a little late.” Luna leaned forward and rested her elbows on her thighs. Resting her chin in her hands, she peered up at the other chancellor.
“So, why did you want to meet?” Illiana walked to the tree stump nearest her and sat. She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Is it that bad?”
“Yes,” a redarian female said as she stepped from the shadows.
“Humph. It’s about time that you joined us,” Illiana said and gestured to the tree stump on Luna’s other side. “What kept you? Something important, I hope?” Vanessa Blitsen scowled, her golden-blue eyes with flecks of gold narrowed as she walked over to her stump and dropped heavily onto it. The light shield that she had up around her was weak, but Luna could still feel the heat of it.
“I was just finishing up some paperwork.” Illiana blinked at her incredulously. “What?” she asked defensively. “It was important stuff.”
“Really?” she drawled.
“Luna.” Vanessa turned to the silent nairue and leaned toward her. “help me out here.” Luna straightened and smirked. The redari scowled and shook her head.
“Sorry,” the nairue replied. “you’re on your own.” She sighed and looked up at the sky as she muttered something about being unhelpful, and something about being a bitch.
“On that note,” Illiana said and looked around. “anybody want to make a confession?”
“Where is the priest?” Luna deadpanned and gave her a blank stare. The endahli chuckled and shrugged. “Confessed about what, exactly?”
“The missing five members of the Black Hand?”
“Ah,” she said with a sigh and held back a smile.
“Ah?” Vanessa asked and eyed the nairue suspiciously. “What do you mean by that?”
“Oh,” Luna said thoughtfully and smirked. “nothing. Nothing at all.”
“Uh huh, right,” the redari drawled. “Spill. What did you do?” Luna gave them an innocent look and folded her hands in her lap. After a long minute of silence, Vanessa shrugged and waved a dismissive hand through the air. “Fine. I’m more interested about the explosion anyways.”
“Aren’t we all?” Illiana asked dryly. She kicked a few pebbles into the pond, and Luna stared at the rippling water as her eyes became distant and unfocused. The endahli gave Vanessa an exasperated look and scowled. She got up and walked over to Luna and crouched before her. “Hey, hey now. Come back to us.” Vanessa took in a deep breath and got to her feet. She came over to them and stood behind Luna. She placed her hands on the nairue’s shoulders and gently squeezed.
“I think you broke her,” the redari said and smirked.
“I didn’t do anything,” she said defensively and glared at her.
“Slap her?” Illiana held up her hands and took a step back. The redari smirked and shook her head as she silently laughed. She grabbed one of Luna’s wings and gently tugged at it.
“That’s even worse than slapping her. If you find yourself dead in the next five seconds, don’t blame me.” Vanessa stopped what she was doing and scowled at the endahli.
“You know,” Luna said conversationally, as if the other two chancellors weren’t trying to get her attention for the past minutes. “the two of you are just too… amusing.” Illiana arched an eyebrow in question.
“Are we, now?”
“Oh.” The nairue blinked and smiled. “Yes.” Around them the air stirred, and Luna smiled as one of the endahlian guards took a step from the shadows. A redarian guard appeared on the opposite side of the clearing; the light around him only bright enough that it didn’t penetrate the surrounding shadows. Play fair, Luna silently admonished, and she made sure that the sentinels with her had heard her every word. She could have sworn that one of them let out an exasperated sigh as another one of them reluctantly stepped from the shadows. She chuckled as everyone stared at her. Illiana felt a small sting against her stomach, and she looked down at the needle-thin dagger held casually in Luna’s snow-white hand.
“Fuuuuuck,” she breathed as she realized that the palm-sized dagger was silver instead of grey. The nairue smiled up at her and flashed her a hint of fangs. Vanessa rolled her eyes and held up her hands.
“Really, is this necessary?” Luna shrugged, and the endahli standing before her breathed a sigh of relief as the dagger vanished. All three chancellors held up a hand and waved away their respective guards.
“Now then,” Illiana said, louder than it was necessary as she and Vanessa walked back to their seats. “what were we talking about before Luna so rudely try to murder me?”
“If I was trying to murder you,” Luna said dryly. “I would have not used the dagger that’s harmless to my kind—”
“Or deadly,” Vanessa interrupted. Illiana growled and threw up her hands. Luna ducked her head and smiled.
“All the same,” the endahli said slowly, calmly, as if holding back on what she really wanted to say. “It would’ve hurt.” Vanessa nodded vigorously and motioned for her to continue. “All fun and play aside, I did call you both here for a reason.” She paused and looked both the nairue and the redari over critically. “A few of my little ones have gone missing.” Fuck, Luna thought and growled under her breath. Illiana had no children of her own, but like her and Vanessa, she considered all younglings as her own. After all, they were cute tiny things. In the case of the nairues, cute tiny evil things with poisonous sharp teeth and claws. She would know, because she had spawned over twenty of them throughout the centuries.
“How many?” Vanessa asked. “And how long ago?”
“Two within the last month.”
“Hmm. I wonder why?”
“Who knows,” Luna said and ran a hand through her hair. “but I would love to find out.” She smiled as an evil glint entered her silver, ice-blue eyes. “And I have a feeling that I’m going to have a lot of fun doing it.” Illiana glanced at Vanessa and smirked. Luna stood up and looked at the other two chancellors, before giving them a nod and walking into the shadow of trees. Her sentinels fell into step behind her as she made her way out of the forest.
Illiana stared into the pond, feeling almost… as if she was in a dream as she kicked a few more pebbles into the water.
“I don’t know if I’m ecstatic or terrified,” she said softly and stared in the direction the chancellor of the nairue had gone.
“Maybe a mix of both?” Vanessa replied just as softly.
“Maybe.” During her two millennia tenure as the chancellor of the nairue race, Luna had over a thousand assassination attempts on her life, and Illiana had a strong feeling that a thousand more attempts would be made before a smart someone realized that all their efforts to overthrow her were fruitless. From the stories she had heard, even before she became chancellor herself, she was with the majority, and in her opinion, Luna was the best chancellor the nairue would ever have. She shuddered at the thought of Luna and her predecessor going at it. “Here,” Vanessa said as she pulled out a stack of papers from a black backpack at her feet. She rose and walked over to the endahlian female.
“What’s this?” she asked as she took it from her.
“I take it you’re going to go after Luna?” Illiana nodded. “Give her that for me.” She paused. “Make a copy and give one to Silas.”
“The head of their regulators?” Vanessa nodded. “I will.”
She nodded. “Information on my missing people.”
Illiana let out a sigh and got to her feet. “Well, I’m off to find two of the most deadliest assassins in nairue history.” She held up the papers and inclined her head. “Here’s to… not getting stabbed.” Vanessa chuckled and walked away in the opposite direction.
Luna pulled her last two daggers from under her shirt and dropped them into her messenger bag. One of her sentinels took it from her, and she quickly stripped out of her clothes. She glanced around the empty park they were standing in, and a split second later, a two-thousand-pound cat stood in her place. Somewhere between a Siberian tigress, a lioness, and a snow leopard; her pelt was the color of fresh snow. Glowing, intelligent ice-blue eyes stared straight ahead at nothing in particular, always on alert as she took in everything around her. The only other color on her was the silver of her ears, the tip of her tail, and the fully extended, deadly-looking claws. The kizai stretched and glanced at one of her sentinels. He nodded to her, and she inclined her head as she opened a portal back to Rislyn.


* * * * * *



13

Siv was moaning and groaning in agony, and Sindre watched her closely as she writhed on the bed. To say that he was pissed, was an understatement of the year. She sucked in a deep breath and held it as she forced herself to go still. “Fuck!” she snarled and glared at the ceiling. Sindre knew that it wasn’t the first time she had solar poisoning, but that didn’t mean he had to be happy about it. Hell, she was worse if he was the one poisoned, instead of her. He sat and eyed her up and down. Apart from a thin blanket covering most of the bottom half of her, she was naked.
“How is she?” Aria asked as she came in. an endahlian female a step behind her.
“Fucking hurts like a mother—son of a bitch,” she replied through gritted teeth as she shifted.
“Well,” Althea said as she went around the bed. “You did get stabbed by a solar dagger and got fireballed.”
“Don’t fucking remind me.” She let out a yell as the endahli rested a hand over the angry red wound in her side. Althea’s hand glowed dark blue for the fourth time, and Sindre winced as Siv let out a scream. The healer slowly drew her hand away, and a murky yellow substance came along with it. “Remove all of it,” she snarled and shuddered.
“Fine, fine.” She let out another scream, and her body arched off the bed in agony.
“Mother!” Lucina yelled as she and Hope ran into the room. Sindre and Aria glanced at each other, before they both moved in a blur. They caught their respective daughters, and if the situation was anything else, Sindre would’ve been impressed at the speed his daughter was moving. She had made it onto the bed with her hand an inch from driving a small icepick into the healer’s chest. While it wouldn’t kill her, it would’ve still been painful. Sindre held his frantic, struggling daughter tight to him and pulled the weapon from the death grip she had on it. Nothing he said would calm his little monster of a daughter, so he wrapped her in his arms and waited her out. After a few minutes of clawing and biting, she stilled in his arms. Rivulets of his blood slowly soaking her clothes, Sindre looked down and had to smile a little.
“No more bleeding your father,” Siv said gently, a hand on their daughter’s leg. Heaving for breath and trembling in a mixture of rage, fear, and relief, Lucina slowly nodded and gripped her mother’s hand tightly.
“Are you okay?”
“I will be, but you have to let Althea work.” Lucina frowned and glanced at the healer. Althea raised her hands and smiled at the youngling.
“Just a little more, and it will all be over,” the endahlian female reassured her. Hope, who was punching, kicking, glaring at her mother, bared her fangs at Althea. “I promise, and once I’m done, she’ll be her snaky self.” Hope and Lucina looked at each other; one fuming, and one with murderous intent in mind.
“Fine,” Lucina growled, and her eyes turned acid-green as she glared at the endahli. A shiver skittered down Althea’s spine, and she stiffened, nodding rapidly as she placed a hand on Siv’s stomach. At least they weren’t red, she silently muttered to herself and held back a shudder. Still in her father’s arms, Lucina watched the healer intently. Sindre’s hold tightened around her as Siv let out another scream. 
“Fuck! Fucking! Fuck!” she snarled and bared her fangs as a rattling hiss escaped her. After a minute that felt like eternity to Lucina, the healer withdrew her hand and eyed her stomach and side intently. She prodded the healed wounds and arched an eyebrow. “Just tender,” she said in reply to her silent question. Panting, she carefully pushed herself into a sitting position and looked down at herself.
“Well,” the healer said and slid from the bed. “I think I’m going to take my leave before your daughter demands a blood price from me.” Lucina perked up at that thought, and then she scowled as her father pressed a silencing finger to her lips.
“Thank you,” she said and shook her head at her daughter.
“Be sure to drink a lot of Chiller.” She nodded and watched the endahlian female walked to the opened door. “And blood, of course.”
“You want me to drink a lot of blood?” Siv asked and smirked.
Althea scowled. “I said a lot of Chiller, not a lot of blood.” She glared at the smirking nairue and sighed. “A couple of mouthfuls should do.”
“Got it.” Aria released her daughter and walked over to the healer. They exited the room as Hope stared after them. After a moment, the youngling strode to the small lamp on the bedside table and clicked it off. Siv let out a relieved sigh as the golden glow vanished, and the room was plunged into total darkness. Beside her, Lucina pulled out of her father’s arms and wriggled in between them. A second later, she felt the hot touch of her daughter’s hand on her stomach. It quivered under her touch as she rubbed at the healed wound before moving to the one on her side. Siv covered her hand with her own and smiled at the youngling. Standing beside the bed, a pouting Hope watched them intently, her eyes not missing a thing. “I’m fine, sweetheart, I promise,” she said, amused as she gave her daughter’s hand a gentle squeeze. Lucina scowled and pulled her hand free as Aria reentered the room. “Did you kill her?”
“What?” she asked, looking anything but innocent. “Of course, I didn’t. What do you take me for?” She tossed a bottle of Chiller to her along with a shirt. Siv caught the shirt and shrugged into it as the cold bottle landed in her lap.
“A mass murdering psycho?”
“I beg your pardon?” she spluttered, and Siv chuckled as she picked up her drink and twisted off the cap.
“You heard me,” she said and took a few gulps of the drink. Aria glared at her and ignored the giggles coming from Hope and Lucina. With a sigh, she shook her head and turned to the door. She gingerly got to her feet and paused as the room slowly spun around her. She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Sindre was suddenly at her side, a hand around her upper arm as she finished off her drink.
“Are you all right?” Aria asked from directly in front of her. She blinked and slowly lowered the empty bottle to her side. “Hope—”
“On it,” the youngling interrupted and flashed from the room. Karis barely got out of her way in time, and she wasn’t even standing in the doorway. She smiled and entered the room, going straight for the trio of nairues. As she went, she snatched a pair of pants from the drawer. Lucina bounced from the bed, and she couldn’t decide if she was murderously pissed off, or just mildly pissed. To put it simply, both involved inflicting bodily harm to one’s person. The only difference was the severity of the injuries. She stood behind her mother as the others helped her get into the rest of her clothes. Hope reappeared in the room with four bottles of Chiller in her arms, frowning as she walked to the others. Siv took one from her and gave her a nod of thanks while Karis and Aria took the rest from her. “Mother,” the youngling said and nodded to the door. “You have a message on your E-Net.”
“Oh?”
“I didn’t check what it said.”
She nodded. “Siv, are you good to go?” Siv downed the rest of her drink and nodded as she took the second bottle from Karis. She nodded and led the way to her office. Sindre stopped in the doorway and pulled her in for a lingering kiss. “Siro is waiting,” Aria said and handed him a red portfolio as he reluctantly broke the kiss. He gave Siv a squeeze as he took it from her. She wrapped her arms around him and gave him a peck on the cheek before pulling away. Sindre inclined his head to Aria and vanished from sight. “Now then,” Aria said and picked up her E-Net. “Let’s see what we have here.” Karis leaned against the wall behind her and looked down as Hope and Lucina sidled up to her. “Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and looked to Karis. “It looks like there’s somewhat of a problem up north, in the ghost town of Teylunzar.” They blinked. “Want to check it out?”
“All of us?” Hope asked. Her mother shook her head and set down the E-Net.
“Just Karis.”
“I’ll be going alone, eh?” Karis asked and smirked as she straightened.
She shrugged. “I’ll leave that up to you.”
“Very well.”
“That is a good notion and all,” a female voice said from the shadows around them. “but I’m afraid you won’t be going alone.” Siv, Aria, Hope, Lucina, and Karis had their daggers out a split second later, and Hope let out a yelp as an invisible force lifted them off the floor. It slammed them up against the wall, and Aria winced as pain shot down her spine. “If you’re wondering just who I am, you should’ve read the next message that came in.” She silently groaned and allowed her head to thump against the wall as the realization came over her. Hope and Lucina struggled against the invisible band that held them, and Aria rested a hand on her daughter’s arm. They stopped struggling and stared at her in question. She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Hello, Chancellor Luna,” Siv said and struggled against her mental hold as every pair of hands were stretched over their heads and pinned. Daggers flew out of numb fingers to clatter on the floor ten feet below them.
“Siv? I see that you are well.”
“Quite,” she said and grunted. “Is this necessary?”
“Perhaps, perhaps not.”
“Meaning?”
“Whether I’m going to get a dagger to my heart.” Hope kicked at the wall and glowered at the shadow daggers on the floor. They weren’t really shadow per se, they were more lunar, and the same was said for the solar dagger. Coated with energy pulled from the moon and the sun respectively, the daggers were just as deadly as the ones formed by bending shadow and light to one’s will. She thought about pulling the shadows to her and creating a blade, but she quickly decided against it as she felt eyes boring into her. Good girl, Luna said softly into her mind, and the youngling shuddered as icy fingers skittered down her spine. Note: don’t piss off the chancellor of your race.
“No bodily harm in mind,” Aria said conversationally, as if they were talking about the weather and not oh, say, inflicting pain on another.
“Hmm,” Luna said thoughtfully, and Lucina yelped as the shadows rippled around them.
“If I may ask, are you in the ether?”
“I am.” Karis whistled under her breath and shook her head. “And I’m going to steal one of your disciples. You don’t mind, do you?” Without a warning, Karis felt a jerk in the center of her being, and she swallowed hard as she suddenly found herself in the ether. “There we go,” Luna said happily and caught her as she stumbled. The chancellor’s hand felt like a hot brand on her arm, and she held back a shudder as she gathered herself. Luna chuckled and rolled her eyes. “Not to worry, no harm shall befall her in my presence. I give you my word.” Karis gently pulled away from her and resisted the urge to rub at her arm as she stared at the chancellor. Four nairues stood silently behind her, and she had no doubt in her mind that these were her sentinels. “I’ll bring her back shortly. Other than that, I bid you farewell.”
“You can see and talk to others without any means of… well, anything?” Karis asked and prayed that lightning wouldn’t strike her down where she stood.
“Yes,” Luna replied, and she watched as her eyes went in and out of focus. “Follow me.” With that, she took a step back and launched herself into the air. She eyed the four sentinels warily as she followed her up. “Have you been to Teylunzar?”
“I have not.”
“There, the climate is… the hottest it will get.”
“Oh?”
“It was around twenty degrees the last time I was there. Given that the weather here is in the negatives, I say thirty degrees is not so bad… for a somewhat naked human to handle. They can handle thirty-degree-Fahrenheit, right?”
“Um, forgive me, but did you say a human?” Karis asked as she flew after her in a blur.
“I did. Teylunzar may be a ghost town, but I keep an eye out for anything that is… strange or mysterious.”
“Huh,” Karis muttered, and then let out a surprised yelp as the chancellor spun around and caught her in a tight embrace. “We’re here,” she sang and bounced up and down as everything went dark.
“Damn,” Siv muttered and flopped into the nearest chair. “That went well,” she grumbled and rolled her eyes at the ceiling. “Tell me I’m dreaming, please?”
“Sorry,” Aria said, sounding a little too enthusiastic for her liking as she picked up the fallen daggers. “I’m afraid that I cannot.”
“Great,” she muttered and closed her eyes. “What’s next?”
“Well,” Aria drawled. “I can tell you that she’ll grace us with her presence tomorrow. Does that help?”
“Fuck me. Are we even ready for her?”
“Just about. Now, let’s see what’s next on our agenda.” She sat up straighter in her chair and nodded to Aria. “Oh, you’ll like this one.”
“What?” she asked suspiciously and opened her eyes.
“I have a mark for you.” At those words, one of her elite disciples jumped to her feet.
“Do tell.” Aria held out a hand, and she took it as she braced for the burning pain that was to come. As their fingers touched, a stinging pain shot from the contact and up her arm to her brain. She winced as she resisted the urge to rub at her head. After a minute, the pain was gone, replaced by a tingle as a name was imprinted into her mind. Aria dropped her hand and nodded to her.
“Slow.” She nodded and smiled as she retrieved her dagger from the desk.
“You got it,” the assassin replied and became one with the shadows.
“Sylvar?” The A.I, also known as Sylvar, turned as the door to the cell she was standing in, opened. Hope stepped inside and ran her hands through her white-blonde hair as she took in the prisoner strapped to a metal table that was frozen solid to the floor. She looked at the flickering candle sitting on the small table at the far corner of the room and closed the door behind her.
“He’s still dreaming,” the A.I said and shot a blue beam toward her. “You look… incensed. Can I do anything to help?”
“No, unless…” A gleam entered the youngling’s eyes as she smiled. “You allow me to turn you into scraps.” A whirring of clicks sounded in the silence, and Hope suddenly found herself staring into a short barrel that extended from the robot’s forehead. “Spoil sport,” she mumbled as she walked to the prisoner.
“Well, if you wanted to turn me into scraps of metal, you shouldn’t have installed a brain in me.”
“Humph, I should’ve gone with the dumb one.” She huffed and hopped onto the table. Sylvar snickered and pulled her cannon-like device back into herself. “And point that beam somewhere else.” She pointed to the redarian male and arched an eyebrow. “Like into one of his eyeballs.”
“You want him to wake up?”
She shrugged. “Preferably in agony.”
“He’s already in agony. Me shining a beam into his eye might just relieve some of it.”
“Oh.” Hope frowned and slid from the table. “You have a point.” She walked over to the candle and picked it up, ignoring the flickering flame that scorched her skin. She quickly blew it out and threw it at the wall. “Stupid fucking light,” she spat and rubbed her fingers as she walked back to the prisoner. “and get rid of that god damn beam!” she snapped and pulled the shadows in around her.
“Sorry,” Sylvar said defensively as she disengaged all parts of herself that were light. Hope grunted and slapped the redarian male across the face. “Am I allowed to leave?”
“Mm-hmm,” she replied as a blade of shadow formed in her right hand. The A.I nodded and opened the door. She looked over at the youngling one last time and disappeared down the hall as the door slammed shut behind her. “Wake up! You blazing sack of donkey shit!” she yelled and punched him in the nuts. He jerked and writhed, but still, he didn’t wake. “What the fucking! Fuck! Damn it!” She jumped into the air, and the shadows rippled around her as she melded with them. She streaked through the walls, doors and ice as she made her way topside. “Lucina!” she shrieked aloud and into her mind.
“What?” Lucina asked and stuck the last chicken wing into her mouth. She chewed through meat and bones as she solidified behind her.
“What kind of dream did you put him in?” She swallowed and turned to face her. “He’s not waking.”
“I put him into a beautiful scene. Palm trees and sunshine. Why? Oh, wait, you just told me. Sorry, I spaced out for a second there.”
“I doubt that’s what he’s dreaming about,” Hope said dryly and twirled the shadow blade through the air. “And I can’t have my fun when he’s stuck in dreamland.”
“Oh, he’s not dreaming about unicorns, rainbows and glittering butterflies; he’s having a nightmare.” She smiled as she walked toward the opened icebox. “A terrible one.”
“Oh?”
“He’s stuck in a loop of his worst nightmares. He can’t escape no matter how hard he tries.”
Hope grinned. “You pulled him in that deep? Impressive.”
“Nuh-uh. Your mother is way better at it than I am.”
“Well, if you keep at it, you’ll one day outrank her,” Siro said as he stepped into the kitchen.
“Father,” Hope said and bounded over to him as she released her hold on her shadow dagger. “I thought you were with Sindre.”
“I was,” he said and lifted her up for a hug.
“Did you hear about Karis?”
“I did.” He set her down and looked her over.
“Is the chancellor really coming?” Lucina asked and grabbed a bottle of Chiller.
“She is.”
“She’s not coming like, here, here, is she?”
“We’re hosting her, but the actual gathering will be at the recreational center.” She nodded and walked toward them as she twisted off the cap. She wrapped her arms around her father and buried her face in his stomach. He reached down and ruffled her hair as he moved them out of Lucina’s way. They followed her into the main living space, and Hope pulled away from her father and dropped onto the dark blue overstuffed couch. “Now, what is this about palm trees and sunshine?”
“Well,” Lucina said and took several long gulps of her drink. She and Hope both blinked as the unconscious redarian male suddenly appeared on the floor before them. “Uh… Siro?”
“Hmm?” She downed her drink and pointed to the redari. “Oh, Hope said she wanted him awake.” A wall of shadows blocked off any exits, and Hope smirked as she watched the redarian male twitched on the floor. Lucina hopped up beside her and leaned forward as the redari’s eyes slowly blinked open. “I’m surprised that you are able to move at all,” Siro drawled just as Aria popped into view across from them.
“Starting the fun without me. How very rude,” she said and pouted as she pulled a penlight from her pocket.
“What are you doing?” he asked suspiciously as she crouched beside the redari. She ignored him and flicked on the light with her thumb. She aimed the narrow beam of white light into the redari’s face and smiled as a little life came back into him. She withdrew the pen and set it down beside her as she lowered herself to the floor.
“He’ll need to be able to talk, you know. And Hope, do not give me that look.” Hope scowled and threw herself backward onto the couch. From her reclining position, she glared at her mother. “Name?” Aria asked the panting redari and stared deeply into his eyes, as if she could read his mind. She could, if she really wanted to. Though, by the time she was done breaching his mind, he’d most likely be a blubbering idiot; his thoughts so entangled that one didn’t know left from right, up from down, or anywhere in between. The redari took in a deep breath that rattled in his chest and glared up at the smiling nairue. She sighed and looked over at her daughter. “You’re up.” Hope sprang off the couch like someone had lit a match under her. Aria smiled and handed her the penlight as she got to her feet. She pulled her in for a hug and ruffled her hair. “You have my permission to kill him when you’re done.”
“Females,” Siro growled, and she smiled at the annoyance she could hear in his voice. He glared at her, and she released their daughter. She walked over to him and wrapped her arms around his shoulders.
“You love us just the way we are,” she sang and nuzzled his neck. With a sigh, he put his arms around her and held her close. “Lucina, sweetheart, how does a spying mission sound to you?”
“Great,” the youngling chirped. “So long as I can have some fun doing it.”
“You got it.” She squealed in delight and bounced to her feet. Aria pulled away from Siro and took the youngling by the arm. She led her out into the hall, easily passing through the barrier of shadows.
“Where are we going?”
“My office. You need some information before you can do anything, after all.” They stopped just outside the opened door, and Aria entered as she held up a hand to Lucina. The youngling stood in the doorway and watched as she pulled open the top drawer of her desk. She flipped through the dividers and pulled out a two-inch, pocket-sized red spiral notebook. Lucina walked in and took the notebook from her. She opened it and began to read. With her head down and eyes glued to the words on the first page, she exited the office and walked down the hall.
“Am I going alone?”
“I’ll be nearby,” Aria said and smiled as she followed her to the door. Lucina removed one hand from the notebook and pulled the door open. She took in a deep breath of the frigid, fresh air and let it out slowly as she looked up at the clear night sky.
“It’s not snowing,” she said and squealed as she leapt out the door. She closed the notebook and shoved it into her pocket as she ran into three feet of snow. In the distance she could hear Hope yelling something incoherent. She ran past her mother and joined her friend. Siro chuckled as he came to a stop behind Aria. They watched, amused as an avalanche of snow exploded into the air.
“First bell?” he asked over the sound of cursing and delighted shrieks.
“A bell,” Aria agreed and stepped outside. She let out a contented sigh and smiled as Mia streaked toward the two younglings. “Oh.” She let out another sigh. “how I miss this.”


* * * * * *



14

“Destruction everywhere,” Karis muttered aloud to herself as she walked down the cobblestone road.
“Tell me you’re not surprised by it,” Luna said from beside her as they ducked into another abandoned building.
“I’m not, but still.” She walked over to a chair and carefully sat down. “I should’ve asked this earlier.” Luna arched an eyebrow in question and placed a hand down on the table. She gripped it and shook it. She released it, and it went toppling to the floor. “Do you know where this… human is?” She nodded. “And we’re just walking around?” Karis scowled at the chancellor, looking confused as she watched her bent down and grabbed hold of one of the metal table legs. She jiggled it and snapped it off in one quick move.
“Well,” she said and twirled the metal leg through the air. “I wanted to sightsee.” Karis looked up at the cracked ceiling and rolled her eyes. “What?” she asked defensively. “It has been many moons since I was last here, you know.”
“Right, right. So, what are we doing here?”
“I believe that we’re going to have company soon.”
“The human?”
“No,” she said and lowered the table leg. Her sentinels fanned out and looked to the broken doorway. Luna smiled and gave her sentinels a glare. “Stay your hand unless I give the okay, got it?” They nodded and melded with the shadows.
“What do you want me to do?” Karis asked and gingerly leaned back in her chair.
“Nothing.” She frowned and tapped her makeshift weapon against her leg. “Well, watch the back.”
“You got it.” Karis stood and pulled the shadows around her as she vanished.
“Just to give her something to do,” she said to her unseen guards and looked down at the cheap piece of metal she was holding. “You think this will hold up against a skull? It doesn’t look like much, does it? Hmm.” As she suspected, she got no response. She lifted the table leg and walked toward the opening. She stopped and grinned as a nairue male appeared from nowhere. He blinked at her in confusion and stuck a hand into one of his pockets. “Uh-uh-uh, no need for that.” There was a thunk as Luna bashed him over the head. She laughed softly and caught him before he could hit the ground. “Nighty night,” she sang as she walked back to the overturned table and dropped him. “I’m hungry, and you will have to do.”
“Uh, Luna?” One of her sentinels appeared beside her and glanced in the direction that Karis had gone.
“Hmm?”
“You might want to hold up on the eviscerating.”
“And why would I do such a thing?” With a scowl, he handed her his E-Net. She took it and peered at the screen. “Oh my, that is not good.”
“What do you want to do?”
“Mmm,” she said thoughtfully and allowed the bloodied table leg to clatter to the floor. “Good question.” She looked sadly down at the unconscious nairue and let out a resigned sigh. “You just have to be Mr. Buzzkill, didn’t you?”
He smirked and elbowed her in the side. “Sorry. I’ll make it up to you.”
“You better.” Grumbling under her breath, Luna pulled out a golden-tipped dagger and drove it into the heart of her would-be food. The nairue convulsed, and then went still as he succumbed to death.
“You can still eat him… If you want,” her sentinel said, as if eating people was an everyday occurrence; like eating a slice of gourmet chocolate cake instead of… well, people. Luna yanked the dagger free and wiped it clean on his shirt.
“I could,” she said slowly as she straightened. “but I like my victims when they’re struggling and screaming bloody murder whilst I chew through their soft flesh; their hot blood spurting into my mouth and…” Her words trailed off, and her eyes practically rolled to the back of her head. She all but drooled at the thought alone, and she fought not to shift right then and there.
“Hey, hey now. Don’t go away.” She blinked and shook herself. “Can I have my E-Net back?”
“Of course,” she said and handed him back his device. Luna mentally reached out and brushed up against Karis’ shield that she had up around her mind. Luckily, she didn’t need to breach it to communicate telepathically with her. As a matter of fact, she didn’t have to say a word, because she appeared before her within the second it took for someone to blink.
“Oh,” she said and frowned down at the dead nairue. “Who’s the unlucky bastard?”
“I didn’t bother to get his name,” Luna replied and smiled. “Just your run-of-the-mill skulker. No one will miss him.”
“I didn’t know there were any here.”
“Oh, they’re everywhere, if you know what to look for. Now, come. We must head back to the mainland.” Karis nodded. “But first…” She paused and reached out with her mind, far into the distance, until she had the whole of Teylunzar in her mind’s eye. There was only one tiny spark that didn’t belong, and the shadows came to life. They snatched up the human, wrapping her up in their cool embrace as the ether rippled. Luna pulled the surprised human toward her, and all the female could make out was the loud rush of wind in her ears as she was hurled through the ether. It felt like she slammed headfirst into an oncoming train as her flight came to a sudden and abrupt stop. Nausea gripped her a few seconds after she was airborne, and the feeling increased a notch as her stomach bottomed out.
“Ah,” Karis said and smiled as a bedraggled human female popped into existence before them. “That.”
“That, indeed.”
“She looks very green.”
“Hmm,” Luna said and crouched before the human. “She does.”
“Are we bringing her with us?”
“Yes. Would you rather I kill her?” she asked dryly and placed an impenetrable shield around the young human’s mind. “Without knowing how she came to be?”
Karis scowled. “I didn’t say to kill her.”
Luna smiled and patted the human’s frozen cheek. “You implied it.” She gently eased the human to sleep and lifted her into her arms as she got to her feet. She shoved the sleeping human into one of her sentinels’ arms and laughed softly as he awkwardly caught her before she could slide to the floor. “Take her to my home.” He grunted and nodded. “My home on the ice, not in the water.” He nodded. “Have one of the females bathe her and clothe her. When she wakes, have something warm for her to eat and drink.”
“Yes, Chancellor Luna,” he said and inclined his head respectfully. “I will do whatever is commanded of me.”
She smiled and inclined her own head in acknowledgement. “I know you will. Keep her warm, keep her comfortable, and evade any questions that she asks of you. I will answer them when I return.”
“It will be done,” he said and vanished. She eyed the remainder of her sentinels and frowned.
“As for you three…”
“Don’t even finish that sentence,” one of her two female sentinels warned.
She blinked innocently at her. “What? I’ll be fine. I have one of the best assassins with me. I’ll be perfectly safe.”
“Not a chance.”
She sighed. “Karis, you wouldn’t harm a little thing like me, would you?”
Karis held back a smile and winced. “Never.”
“See?” All three sentinels shook their heads, and she laughed as she turned to the opening where a door should’ve been. “I did try,” she said and strode outside into the billowing wind.
The others followed in her wake as she made her way to town square. The very few people she passed, gave her little attention, not even bothering to glance in her and her little group’s direction. Teylunzar was a rundown town, and in her opinion, very… drab. She wondered why she hadn’t taken notice of such things in the past, and she mentally punched herself in the face for her ignorance. Mired in your own thoughts, Luna admonished herself. That’s what you get for not paying closer attention to things around you. She sighed and looked at the crumbling buildings around her. While her mind was still and clear for the moment, she took the chance to take in everything; the very few people that called the town of Teylunzar home; the dead-looking plant life; the broken, crumbling, or smashed buildings and windows. Yeah, Luna thought with a heavy sigh. This town really needed a major, major upgrade. She pondered on that thought, as she and her small group came to a stop by the tarnished silver fountain; a fountain that was emptied of water. She and Karis peered into it with a frown. After a long moment of contemplation on Luna’s part, they continued their way to the south gate that led to nothing but an open span of water. It stretched for miles all around, and she let out a happy sigh as she pushed open the gate. Her wings opened, and they fluttered behind her as she glided over the dark waters. “How far is it to Winter Veil?” Karis asked as she kept pace with the chancellor.
She shrugged. “At this rate, probably a week’s travel. I wish to enjoy the wind in my hair and wings, the rippling water under my feet… just for a little while, and then we’ll go.” Karis smiled and nodded.
“There’s no rush to get back. Take your time.”
“I plan to.” She took in a deep breath of the cold air and let it out with a sigh. “Everything else can wait a little longer.”
“And if things go to shit in your absence, you’ll at least have things to torture and kill.”
“Exactly. A nairue after my own heart.” Luna smiled and tilted her head back, until she was looking up at the sky; the horizon dotted with twinkling red, green, and silver stars. She looked to the lone blue star in the distance and followed it. Wherever it took her, she hoped it was somewhere exciting. She let go of reality, and her silver, ice-blue eyes went vacant as her mind began to wander.
Karis saw the moment Luna slipped from reality and into la-la land. She wasn’t the only one, because a split second after it happened, her three sentinels closed in around her. She didn’t mind it as she took several steps away from the chancellor. After all, their job was to keep her safe at all costs, no matter what. She scanned the open stretch of water and the sky for any danger, because one could never be too careful. She thought it to be a little paranoid on her part, but that thought flew right out of her head as a dart shot from the surrounding shadows. “What in the world’s—?” She ducked as another dart flew in their direction. One of the sentinels grabbed Luna, and water exploded into the air as they plunged into its dark depths. Another sentinel dived in after them, and Karis nodded to the lone female sentinel with her as they melded with the shadows. She reached out with her senses and sniffed the air as she tilted her head back. Pulling a tendril of shadow to her, she formed it into a dagger. She sent the rest of her weapons that weren’t shadow-made into her air pocket in the ether. They were no use to her if they happened to get washed away by the currents. Yes, she could go after them, but it was a lot of work that was unnecessary, and it took time; time that she didn’t have. She flowed with the shadows as she looked for the target. It didn’t take her long, and she had no doubt that the sentinel with her saw what she saw. The two figures stood on the shore, not even bothering to hide as they loaded another dart into their blowguns. Oh, no you don’t, she silently hissed as she came up behind them. “Looking for something to shoot?” she asked sweetly and solidified. The nairue spun, his wings the only thing keeping him from falling backward onto his ass. Her hand shot out and gripped his wrist—the one holding the gun—and squeezed. The shadow dagger held tight in her other hand grew into a sword, and she pressed it to the side of his throat. She glanced at his partner, in time to see his head arcing through the air. She turned her attention back to her own prey and tightened her grip on the sword.
“Stop.” The chancellor’s voice was almost inaudible. If it hadn’t been for the fact that she heard it in her head, too, she would’ve missed it altogether. She and her would-be prey froze as Luna slowly made her way toward them. Karis slowly released him, plucking the gun from his hand as she reluctantly backed off. “I need at least one of them alive, you know.” Droplets of water glistening on her silver wings, she snapped them to their full extent as Karis watched her approach. Luna came to a stop about ten feet away, and the smile she sent their way was far from friendly. She was extremely glad that it wasn’t her on the receiving end of that cold smile. Her sentinels were nowhere to be seen, but she wasn’t stupid enough to think they had left. Even if the chancellor had commanded it of them, they wouldn’t be far. “Look at me,” Luna said softly. Since she was already looking at her, she knew the chancellor wasn’t addressing her. She smirked when the nairue male continued to stand there with his eyes wide. “Are you deaf? Turn around and face me.”
“I best do as she commands if I were you,” Karis muttered under her breath. The male gulped and slowly turned to face her. She almost, almost laughed as his mouth dropped open at the sight of her. Luna was naked, and she was still wet from her swim in the sea. She had no doubt that the chancellor had shifted into a kizai. She was also a little put out that she didn’t come to shore in that form, either. Though, she supposed her arriving naked was the next best thing. At least the nairue male thought so as he swallowed audibly and tried to compose himself.
“Like what you see?” Luna asked sweetly and closed the distance between them. Karis glanced behind her and saw nothing but open snowy plains and mountains. They had traveled farther than she’d realize, and she scowled at the snow leopard that stalked across her line of sight. She released her grip on the sword and returned her attention to the immediate danger, which was the chancellor herself. Luna was standing so close to the male that she could all but see the steam pouring from them. Hell, she was half surprised neither of them burst into flames. “Why were you and your friend shooting at me?” she purred and stroked his cheek affectionately. If anyone could ask that question and make it sound sexual at the same time… it was her. If Karis weren’t batting for the other team, she would’ve jumped her, audience be damned. As it was, the nameless and brainless male turned a dangerous shade of blue as he tried to come up with something smart to say. All that came out, however, was a strangled… something that none of them could make out. “What was that?” she whispered in his ear and smiled. “I didn’t hear you. Could you maybe… speak up?” After a long, painful minute, she chuckled and took a couple steps back from him, her fingers trailing a hot path down his cheek as she pulled her hand away. “Boys,” she said with a heavy sigh. “They’re all the same. No matter the species.” Karis grinned and nodded emphatically. “If I were to kiss him, do you think he would die from sensory overload alone?”
“Oh, definitely.” Luna sighed and shook her head in wonderment of it all. She crooked a finger, and one of her sentinels appeared from the shadows. He held out a pair of handcuffs to her, and she took them with a nod of thanks. She made a twirling gesture, and Karis stepped up to the nairue male. She spun him around, and she winced as the chancellor held out a hand. A tendril of shadow shot from her hand and wrapped around his wings, pulling them together and tight to his back. He let out a yell of pain, but that was all he could do as he found himself being held still by the sentinels. Luna snapped the cuffs around his wrists, and she closed her eyes against the brief flare of white light.
“Take him to my dungeon. I will also deal with him when I return.” Karis blinked as a dozen of her guards suddenly appeared around them. Two of them took hold of the prisoner and was gone in another blink of an eye. “Now then,” she said and ruffled her wings. She opened her eyes and smiled. “shall we head directly to Winter Veil?” They nodded and jumped into the ether, vanishing from sight.


* * * * * *



15

Lucina stood under a window of a single-story home and breathed slowly in and out. She crept closer and peered through the slightly parted curtains. Beyond the window, she could see a small room, no larger than an average walk-in closet. There was no one inside, and she pondered on whether if she should let herself in or look through a different window. She squinted and glanced to every corner of the room, and after ten seconds of taking in everything, she stepped back and slipped into the shadows. She walked around to the back of the house and blinked at the unlatched back door. Since it was made of glass, she could see directly inside. She detected four people inside earlier, and one of them was close enough to make her nervous. She could sense Aria nearby, too, barely a tingle against her skin. Taking a deep breath, she held it and walked to the door. She hoped the four nairues inside were too stone to scent her as she slowly reached out a hand and gripped the door handle. She slowly pushed it down and pulled it open. Taking one last look behind her, she quickly stepped inside and pulled the door silently shut. No creaks or squeals sounded from the motion, and she was extremely glad that the door was well oiled. She was also glad that the night was still as she looked around the enclosed porch. Other than the plastic white table and a couple of chairs, there was nothing to see. She squinted at the washed-out walls and shook her head as she approached the interior door. She slipped a hand into the pocket of her black pants and gripped the hilt of her tiny, needle-thin dagger. She reached up and slowly turned the doorknob. Finding it locked, she silently cussed up a blue streak and took a step back. The tingle of magic that shot through her palm and up her arm didn’t make her any happier, either. She felt Aria come up behind her, and she turned at the gentle touch of her hand on her head. The taller nairue pressed a finger to her lips and inclined her head, as if listening. After a moment, she nodded and gestured for the youngling to follow.
Back outside, they walked down the slick driveway and onto the street. A pink-painted wagon came slowly toward them, pulled by a young nairue female with equally pink hair. Lucina blinked at her and stopped beside the wagon. “Nice hair,” she said and held back a giggle. “And wagon.” The pink-haired nairue scowled and pulled her wagon to a stop.
“Are you making fun of my hair?” she asked indignantly.
“Nope.” Lucina eyed the wagon and nodded to it. “What do you have under the blanket? Can I look?” The female nodded, and Aria watched on silently, amused as the youngling lifted a corner of the white blanket and peeked inside. She let out a squeal of excitement and reached inside. “Games from earth!” she exclaimed and pulled out two shrink-wrapped boxes. Aria peered at them and smiled. One was Monopoly, and the other one was called Operation. “Do you sell these?” she asked and looked up at the pink-haired nairue hopefully.
“I was going to stock them in my shop, but I could sell you a few now, if you like.” She spun to Aria and held up the boxes.
“Pretty please?”
“How much do you take for those?” Aria asked the nairue female.
“Two rulik each.” She nodded and took the board games out of the youngling’s hands.
“Are these all you want?” She hesitated and glanced back at the wagon. She stared at it for a minute, and then mentally shook herself out of her reverie.
“For now. If I look at all of them, I’ll want them all.”
Aria chuckled and nodded. “Fair enough.” She handed the boxes to the female and pulled out her moneybag. She counted out six rulik and held out the coins, waiting patiently as she bagged the items. A few seconds later, she held out the bag, and Aria placed the coins into the female’s hand as she took it.
“Thank you,” Lucina said and bounced in place. She smiled and ruffled the youngling’s hair affectionately.
“Anything for you, sweetheart.” She nodded to the nairue female and glanced up and down the street. “And thank you,” she said to her as she pulled the blanket over her merchandise.
“No, thank you,” the pink-haired nairue said sincerely. Aria inclined her head to her and led Lucina away.
“Where are we going?” the youngling asked as they turned down another street.
“Just up here,” she said and steered the youngling into a darker patch of shadows. They could have melded with the shadows, but it was unnecessary. For one, no one was around to see them. “How many did you detect?”
“Four,” Lucina replied as she shifted from foot-to-foot.
“Very good, she said and pulled a small bottle of chiller from the pocket of her white, loose-fitting pants. She wore a matching shirt, making it almost impossible to spot her against the landscape of nothing but snow. In contrast, Lucina was dressed in all black, her white-blonde hair secured under a matching black hood. The youngling took the drink from her, and a crackling sound filled the still night as she twisted off the cap. She took tiny sips of the cold drink and peered up at Aria.
“Am I still getting inside?”
She nodded. “Once I’ve taken down this flimsy ward, you can have your fun. Remember, leave one of them alive for me.”
“Of course,” she said and pulled out her tiny dagger. It was tiny enough for even a baby to poke someone’s eye out with. Her midnight-black wings fluttered behind her as she lifted a couple of inches from the ground. She took a larger gulp of her drink as she watched Aria mutter unintelligibly under her breath. She drifted away from her and looked around as she finished off what was left of the plastic bottle. She crushed it and tossed it into the air. Aria caught it and gave the youngling a nod. She reached out and ran a hand over one of the soft wings.
“Go on, and be careful.” She nodded and flashed away.
Lucina was back on the porch a minute later, and she melded with the shadows as she went directly for the interior door. She didn’t bother with the doorknob. Instead, the shadow form of herself bent, rippled, and flowed under it and out the other side of the door. She paused and looked around the small kitchen; a small kitchen with the walls painted a cheery yellow, and the floor a color of light sand. They weren’t her colors at all, but to each their own, she supposed. She solidified and eyed the small plastic bag of dark red powder sitting on the scratched-up table. Jackpot! she silently exclaimed as she moved to the archway and peered out. Beyond it was a small living room, and she almost let out a squeak of surprise as she spotted the nairue female sitting cross-legged on the floor. From the glazed eyes and the jitters, she was completely stoned. Lucina crept up behind her and stabbed her in the side of the neck. She pressed a hand to the dying nairue’s mouth, muffling the gasping sounds as she yanked the dagger free. She didn’t bother to take in the décor as she moved into the short hallway that led to the bathroom and bedrooms. One of the two bedrooms were opened, and she peeked inside it, finding it empty. She felt someone behind her, and she slowly turned and looked up at the nairue male. Damn, she thought. Not stoned enough to ignore the overwhelming scent of fresh blood, it seemed. Before he could act, she plunged her dagger into his gut… repeatedly. He crashed into the wall behind him, screaming as he died. The two remaining occupants of the house solidified on either side of her, and she barely evaded the hands reaching for her in time. The feel of their hands passing through her shadow form was… to put it simply, weird. She streaked toward the ceiling and plastered herself against it as she looked at them from above. Behind the one to her right, the shadows rippled, and Aria solidified, punching her hand into his back before his partner could react. She yanked her hand free and popped the bloody heart into her mouth, as if she was eating a mini cupcake and not, say, an organ that was beating strongly only mere seconds ago. She chewed, ignoring the sound of a dead body hitting the floor. The remaining nairue turned and ran back into the bedroom. Aria looked up and smiled. “I do love a good hunt,” she said and swallowed at the sound of a window being shattered into a million pieces. “Grab up all the Devil Dust you can find and meet me outside.” Lucina solidified and nodded as she hit the ground in a crouch. She knelt before her, and the youngling held out her hands. She placed a three-foot-long snake into them and stood. The youngling straightened and allowed the python to coil itself around her arm as she reentered the kitchen.
“You’re a snake this time,” Lucina said to her reptile companion. “What happened to turning into a kizai?” She felt the shrug as she picked up the bag containing Devil Dust from the table. She exited the kitchen and flashed around the small house. She didn’t find any more dark red powder until she got to the bedroom with the broken window. She collected the bags from the bed and rummaged around the closet and drawers. She found six neatly wrapped blocks of the stuff in the most bottom drawer and smiled. “Naughty-naughty-naughty,” she muttered under her breath as she stowed all of them—including the little baggies—in her air pocket of dimension. She wiped blood off her dagger using a discarded shirt on the floor and walked to the window. She leaned out of it and looked around. The python slithered up to her shoulder and wrapped itself lightly around her neck. Lucina leaned back and took one last look around the bedroom before leaping out of the window. A snowflake landed on her head, and she scowled at the dark sky as she made her way down the long, slick sidewalk and into an opened field of nothing but silvery-white grass. She froze at the sight of three figures: two standing, and one kneeling in the pool of his own blood.
“Lucina,” Aria said happily and grinned. “Come. Join us.” She placed a hand on top of the male’s head and lightly shoved at it, before Luna’s view was blocked by a sleek device in her face. She blinked at it and read the message shimmering an inch from the screen. She let out a happy squeal and plucked the E-Net from her sentinel’s hand. She quickly sent a message of her own, and a minute after she handed her back her device, a portal popped open. A tall nairue female stepped from it and looked around with curious interest as the portal vanished. She was dressed in all black, and they—minus Luna—watched her cautiously as she turned to the nairue still kneeling on the grass.
“Well, well,” she said with amusement. “is he my coming home present?” Luna could hold back no longer; she snapped out a hand and yanked her close. Silver, piercing-green eyes met hers as she covered the other female’s mouth with her own. Yes, she had been with others, mostly males, but she hadn’t seen Arunika in moons. Her arms went around Luna and held on tight as she opened for her. Her hot tongue stroked against hers, and she held back a moan of pleasure as she returned the kiss. The sound of someone loudly clearing their throat broke the moment, and Luna reluctantly pulled back with a smirk.
“Sorry,” she said, not sounding sorry in the slightest. “This is Arunika. Arunika, this is Aria, and the adorable one standing way over there is Lucina.” Arunika turned and inclined her head to them in acknowledgment.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you both.”
“Likewise,” Aria said and smiled. “Lucina, come over here, sweetheart.”
“Where is Vega?” Arunika asked as she turned back to her.
“With Lucina.” Luna said and watched the youngling as she drew near. The youngling set the python down and stood back as it shifted into a tall nairue female with waist-length white-blonde hair, her eyes and wings the same color as her mother. She took several steps forward and wrapped her arms around Arunika.
“Glad you’re back,” the nine-hundred-plus-year-old nairue said and released her. “Are you staying?”
She nodded. “I am. Unless your mother sends me on another mission.”
“Which I won’t in the foreseeable future. You’ve been gone too long.” Arunika smirked and gave her a peck on the cheek before turning to the silent male.
“It wasn’t that long, you know,” her daughter said and came to stand at her side.
“Vega,” Luna said and held back a smirk as she removed a dark blue backpack from her shoulders. “when you find someone you really like, let me know.” Vega frowned and took the backpack from her. She opened it and pulled out a shirt and a pair of pants. Dropping the backpack to the ground, she quickly dressed.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Luna chuckled and gave her head a pat. She bent down and lifted the nairue male’s chin with a finger.
“Have you anything to say for yourself?” He stared up at her and blinked as his throat worked. “No? Pity.”
“At least it’s something different,” Vega said and tied her hair back with a light blue elastic band. “The others are like…” She shrugged. “fuck you, fuck off, and… go to hell. They’re such a bore.”
“Too true,” Aria said and nodded to Lucina. “Bring out one of them.” A small bag of something dark appeared in the youngling’s hand, and she held it up for all to see. Luna reached out and took the little baggy by the corner between a thumb and pointer finger. She squinted and scowled at it.
“Devil Dust,” Vega said helpfully and took one from Lucina as she brought more out. “Very dangerous stuff. Deadly to humans.” Arunika nodded and took one for herself. She studied it critically and looked around at all of them.
“So,” she said and jabbed a foot into the kneeling nairue’s side. “this belongs to him? Or did you bring him out here to bleed out for no apparent reason?”
“Both,” Aria said and stabbed a blade of shadow into his back. The nairue male let out a scream and fell forward onto his face. She kicked him onto his back and smiled down at him.
“Enough, enough,” Luna said and held up a hand. “Let’s not get carried away just yet.” Aria pouted and folded her arms over her stomach.
“Fine, fine,” she said with a sigh. “we’ll do it your way. For now.”
The chancellor smiled. “Thank you.” She grasped the male’s chin and glared at him. “Name?”
“What’s the point of giving you my name when you’re going to kill me?” he muttered.
“Oh,” Luna said and patted his cheek. “You have a good point.” She released him and straightened. “Secure him,” she said to Aria. “and shall we head to the recreational center? It’s about time I meet your friends and family.” Aria nodded and grabbed the nairue male by the throat as Vega bent to pick up the backpack.
“See you there,” she said and vanished, taking Lucina with her.
“Well,” Luna said and unzipped her messenger bag. “All in here.” She dropped the little bag of powder inside and waited for Arunika and Vega to drop theirs in, before closing it with a sigh. She wrapped her arms around Arunika and her daughter, squeezing them tight. She took one last look around the field and jumped into the ether.


* * * * * *



16

Vega Rayne lowered herself onto her stomach and peered over the roof of the recreational center building. She remained like that for fifteen minutes before she felt someone approaching. “Why are you up here watching them go in and out?” A very amused Luna asked as she landed lightly beside her. “Are you planning to snipe someone?”
“Maybe.” She pushed herself into a sitting position and looked up at her mother. “What are you doing up here? Aren’t you supposed to be inside?”
She shrugged. “I hate being treated as a VIP. Do you have any idea how annoying it is? I can’t even pee without a damn guard present.”
She winced. “I do have some idea,” she said. “I’m a daughter of a terrifying chancellor, after all.” She held back a snicker. “You should hear the complaints.”
“Oh?” Luna arched an eyebrow and placed her hands on her hips. “Do I want to know?”
“They’re amusing,” she said and smiled. “To me, at least.” Luna chuckled and held out a hand to her. She took it and allowed herself to be pulled to her feet. “Where’s Arunika?” she asked as her mother led her to the door. It was a heavy stone door painted a dark red color, and she was a little surprised that there were no bits of paint chipped off here and there.
“Inside, playing air hockey with Siv.” Vega nodded and pulled the stairwell door open. They climbed down the long, multiple flights of stairs and stopped before a grey metal door. She opened it, and they stepped into the main area of the center. It was a large square room full of games, tables, chairs, a platform used as a stage, a few couches, and a glossy, black grand piano at one corner. On the white walls were posters, flyers, and instructions for various things. The floor was also white with a silvery sheen to it. Vega put an arm around her mother and led her to the piano. Luna pulled out the bench and sat down. She lifted the top and skimmed her fingers across the ivory keys, creating soothing musical notes that sounded like soft ringing bells. Vega sat on the steps that led up to the platform and watched her.
“Can she play?” She turned her head and looked at the youngling. Silver, emerald-green eyes stared up at her with the interest of a child who had found a fascinating new toy.
“She can, and she’s very good at it.” Vega held out a hand and smiled. “I’m Vega.”
“Hope,” the youngling said and shook the outstretched hand. “Aria is my mother.”
“I gathered as much. You look like her.” The youngling inclined her head, and then nodded.
“Who’s your friend?” Vega craned her neck and glared up at the female sentinel.
“Don’t mind her, she’s just there to make sure I don’t get stabbed in the back.” Hope snickered and nodded. “Because you know, if that happens, this entire dimension will crash and burn under my mother’s unforgiving rage.” The youngling shuddered and glanced over at Luna, who looked blissfully unaware as she continued to play random notes on the piano. Over at the air hockey table, Siv looked like she was about ready to strangle Arunika. Sindre, standing beside her with his arms folded, looked like he was struggling to hold back a laugh. Behind them at the skee-ball machine, six younglings between the ages of six and twelve were happily in a competition to see who could get the highest score. The foosball and the pool table were getting equal amount of attention, and Vega wondered when they were going to move into another room for paintball or nairues’ version of laser tag. There was also an indoor pool hall and a bowling alley somewhere nearby. There were other games, too, and she wondered how long it would take for one person to play everything. Hell, there was even a karaoke bar, of all things. The recreational center was one of the most visited places in Winter Veil, and she couldn’t blame them; games of all kinds, food, drinks, a lounge, and she would bet a thousand rulik that there was a movie theater somewhere in the building for those who like to live in the moment. She knew there was an auditorium to put on things like a concert or a play. Built about two hundred years ago, and if she was curious enough to find out, she’d bet the entire building took up half of Winter Veil, if not the entire realm of Rislyn.
“Can I sit?”
“Of course.” Hope sat down on the platform and pulled out a deck of sleeved glossy cards. She flipped through them, and Vega realized that they were different types of animals depicted against various scenic backgrounds. “You collect?” The youngling nodded and stared at a white mare with a red apple in her mouth. She flipped to the next card and smiled at a python swallowing a rabbit whole.
“Poor rabbit,” she said with a sigh. “They’re so fluffy… and juicy.” Vega stared at the youngling, perplexed. “What?” she asked defensively. “They are.”
“Ignore her,” Lucina said as she walked over to them. “She’s having one of her… ‘be nice to everything’ moods. It lasts for only a few minutes before she turns back to her normal, murdering self.” She set a plate of steaming meat beside her friend and dug into her own food. Hope slipped her deck of cards back in her pocket and picked up her plate.
“Well,” Vega said and smiled at them. After all, they were mini version of herself when she was younger, killing anything and everything in sight if given the chance. “I can’t say that I am surprised.”
“Luna?” Hope asked, and at the sound of her name, the chancellor looked up and tilted her head to the side.
“Yes,” she said and waved to her mother. “She’s paranoid and thinks she’s being stalked twenty-four-seven.”
“I do not,” Luna said and glared at her daughter.
“Whatever you say,” she sang and held back a smirk.
“Do I need to make an example out of you?”
“Nope, not at all.” Luna scowled and glanced over to where Arunika was still playing air hockey with Siv. Feeling eyes on her, Arunika paused and looked their way. She smiled and blew her a kiss. The chancellor smiled back and held up five fingers before gesturing to Aria, who was standing by the refreshment table across the room. Arunika nodded and turned back to the game. “How many of us are here?” Vega asked as she looked around.
“I think there are like… fifty of us,” she said and played a few minor chords before moving onto an F major arpeggio. Her daughter nodded and leaned back against the steps.
“Don’t you want anything to eat or drink?” Hope asked and shoveled the last few bits of meat into her mouth.
“No. Thank you, though.” She grunted and wiped her hand clean with a napkin. She grabbed up her empty plate and stood. She took Lucina’s trash and walked to where the garbage can was. She frowned at the almost overflowing bin for a second before tossing them in.
“Grab me a drink, too,” Lucina called to her as she walked to the refreshment table. Hope nodded and stopped beside her mother. She grabbed two clear plastic Solo cups and filled them to the brim with Arctic Thunder.
“Careful,” Aria said and steadied one of the cups as she grabbed two lids. She placed them firmly on the cups and stabbed a straw into each one before nodding. “Now, you can go.” The youngling scowled and turned back the way she came. Aria chuckled under her breath and shook her head. She pulled out a chair and sat as her keen eyes scanned the room. Luna lowered the top of the piano and stood. Two of her sentinels were at her side in a heartbeat as she made her way to the center of the room. All activities stopped, and silence fell as she looked around. If they could withstand light without any discomfort of pain, a bright spotlight would have illuminated her in its center. Instead, shadows rose up around her, and Aria could barely make her out. She did, however, catch the split second of annoyance that crossed her face before she hid it behind a mischievous smile. She held back a sympathetic wince and looked over to Vega, who had moved from the steps of the platform to one of the couches nearby. She looked comfortable and bored as she lounged there, but she knew better than to take anything at face value.
“So,” Luna said slowly and looked around. “First, I would like to thank the Sovlik and the Bris family for putting together this little event for me. Second, I have no idea what else to say, and I’m not one of those pompous asses you’ve seen spouting shit and not go through with it. So, I’m just going to shut up and let you go back to your games, but if you have questions for me or just want to talk about anything, and I mean anything, I’ll be around.” She raised her arms over her head, and Aria winced in pain as all the doors suddenly slammed open with a resounding boom. “Go have fun, and for fuck sake, you didn’t need my permission to go elsewhere in the building, you know.” She huffed out a breath and turned to glare at her sentinels. “Would you guys go play cards and relax for once in your life?” Her sentinels looked at each other, and she laughed as the chancellor threw up her hands and stomped through one of the doors.
“One of you guys better go after her before she, oh, I don’t know, trips over a misplaced paintball gun or something,” Arunika said sarcastically and snickered.
“I heard that!” Luna shouted from somewhere in the hall. “And if any one of you comes after me, I swear to God that I will fucking brain you! Repeatedly!”
“Oh well, guess you’ll have to do as she says.” Arunika smirked and turned back to Siv, who was also smirking. “Last round?” She nodded.
“I dare you to go after her,” Siro said under his breath to Aria as he came to stand beside her chair.
“Oh? What will my reward be if I do this dare?” she asked and looked up at him. He frowned at her and shrugged.
“A kiss?”
She scowled. “Just a kiss? No tender, hot, passionate, explosive, or anything like that?”
“Well, if you want those things, just say so.”
She smirked. “What if I want more than a kiss?”
“Just tell me when and where.” Aria laughed and smacked him on the arm. “What?”
“You’re just impossible.”
“Hey, if you want me to—”
“Stop,” she said and groaned. “Just stop.” He held up his hands and chuckled. She stood and gave him a peck on the cheek before strolling from the room.
“I was only joking!” Siro called after her as she reached out with her senses. She chuckled under her breath as she followed Luna’s scent down multiple hallways and up a floor. She found the chancellor in the bar area of the lounge, and she blinked at her as she entered. She was throwing down shot after shot of whiskey like it was water.
“Are you going to brain me?” Aria asked as she pulled up a barstool and hopped onto it. “My brain is already damaged as it is.”
“Hmm,” the chancellor said and took another shot. She eyed the whiskey bottle and the nine neatly lined up empty shot glasses thoughtfully. “No,” she said and set down the one she was still holding. “If you were one of the guys, I definitely would have.” She gestured to the shelves behind her and pointed to the red icebox. “Help yourself.” She hopped off her stool and went behind the bar. She quickly made herself a Mojito and sipped at it as she watched Luna slam down another round of shots. “Not in the mood for anything strong?”
“Not really,” she replied as she returned to her seat. Luna grunted and finished off the bottle. She didn’t even bother with the shot glasses as she drained it. “Feel better?” Aria asked and took a gulp of her drink.
“A little,” she said as her eyes went to the door. A moment later, Arunika and Vega strode in, as if they owned the place.
“Hey!” Vega exclaimed and spluttered at the sight of empty shot glasses and the empty whiskey bottle. “Not fair. That is so not fair.” She continued to splutter as Arunika went behind the bar and wrapped her arms around Luna from behind.
“She’s annoyed that you didn’t invite her to drink with you,” she whispered into the chancellor’s ear.
“You’re damn right I’m annoyed,” the female muttered as she joined them. She made herself a tall glass of Long Island and scowled at her mother.
“You’re here now,” Luna said and smiled as she leaned back against Arunika. “You can stop bitching.” Vega harrumphed and hopped onto the bar.
“So, are you buzzed yet?” Luna shook her head and eyed the many bottles lined up on the shelves. She let out a contented sigh as Arunika ran her fingers through her hair. She turned in Arunika’s arms and wrapped her own arms around her. She rested her head on her chest and smiled. “Oh, get a room,” Vega said and took several gulps of her drink.
“Hmm, that sounds like a good idea.” The chancellor slipped a hand under Arunika’s shirt and trailed her hot fingers along her side. Her daughter made a choking sound, and Luna locked herself in place as she tried to shove her off the stool.
“Room, get a room.”
“We’re not doing anything.”
“What do you call that?”
“Hmm?” Luna slid her hand to Arunika’s breasts and rolled one of her nipples between her fingers.
“That!” Vega exclaimed as Arunika sucked in a breath.
“It’s called teasing.”
“Ahhh!”
She laughed and reluctantly pulled her hand back. “All right, all right. I’ll behave.”
“Damn,” Aria said, disappointed. “the show was just getting interesting.” Arunika frowned and snatched Vega’s drink from her hand.
“Arunika!” she yelled as she downed the drink.
“Thanks,” Arunika said and smirked as she set the glass back on the bar. “I needed that.”
“Oh, stop yelling,” Luna said and stood. She made her a second glass and handed it to her daughter, who was glaring at Arunika. “Go ahead, drink up.” She took the drink from her and tossed it back. A third was waiting for her, and she took it without any prompting. Luna smiled and ruffled her daughter’s hair. Arunika put an arm around her and led her out from behind the bar.
“Have fun,” Aria sang as she watched Arunika pulled Luna from the lounge. “Well,” she said and stood. “one more drink before we head back to the main hangout?” Vega nodded, her eyes following her every move as she went behind the bar and poured them another drink.


* * * * * *



17

Luna didn’t think that they were going to make it into one of the private rooms. Arunika’s hands were everywhere as she trailed hot kisses along her neck as they walked. Her hand slipped under her shirt, and her fingers brushed lightly over her stomach as she moved upward. Luna groaned as she cupped her breast. “Payback,” she said softly in her ear, and Luna moaned as hot fingers closed around a nipple. She silently cursed and pushed open one of the doors. She pushed Arunika’s hand away and turned as she kicked the door shut and locked it. Arunika leapt on her and wrapped her arms and legs around her. Luna growled and pushed her fingers into her hair as she kissed her. Their hot tongues stroked and danced, thrusting and entangling furiously as the kiss deepened. She turned and strode to the bed and broke the kiss. She tossed Arunika onto it, and she smirked as she reached up and pulled Luna to her. She slipped her hand under her shirt and trailed her fingers up and down her side. Luna slipped her own hand under Arunika’s shirt and stroked her fingers up to her breast. Arunika chuckled and put a hand on hers as she pulled away from her. She pulled the shirt over her head and tossed it aside. “I’m not getting out of my pants until your shirt is off.”
“Is that so?” Luna asked and stood. She stripped out of her clothes and folded her arms.
“Not in a mood for nice and slow?”
“Do you even know me?” Arunika laughed and got to her feet. She shoved down her pants and stepped out of them.
“I was just asking,” she said and fell backward onto the bed. Luna reached out and spread her thighs apart. She pushed between them and leaned over her. She stared into her silver, piercing-green eyes and smiled. Arunika reached up and pulled her down on top of her. Luna parted her mouth to say something, but she took the advantage and kissed her. Luna sighed as her hot tongue stroked against Arunika’s own. She explored her mouth, deepening the kiss as she ran her hands along her body. Arunika let out a moan as her fingers wrapped around her nipple. Luna stroked it, and she grew hot as it hardened. Their tongues continued to dance, stroking and entwining with each other. She switched to her other breast and stroked it until it, too, was hard. Arunika’s hand ran down Luna’s side, and she slipped it between them. She trailed her fingers downward, and Luna moaned as hot fingers found her core. She slipped a finger just inside her and stroked it. she broke the kiss as another moan escaped her. She arched, groaning as Arunika rubbed a thumb over her swollen clit. Panting, she pulled back and gripped her wrist, pressing it against the bed.
“Not yet,” Luna growled and leaned in. She pressed a hot kiss to her neck, and Arunika moaned as her sharp teeth grazed along the delicate skin. She moved to her breast and took a nipple into her hot mouth. Arunika’s moans grew louder as she suckled it. She swirled her tongue around it and gently bit down. She writhed under Luna as she switched to the other breast. Her fingers found their way to Arunika’s core, and she grew hotter and wet herself as she slipped a finger inside. Arunika groaned, panting as she released her nipple with a pop and kissed her way down her stomach. Luna withdrew her finger, and a yell tore from her as her hot tongue replaced it. She gripped her thighs and spread them wider as she pushed her tongue inside. She slowly stroked her, and she smiled as Arunika buried her fingers into her hair and held on. She arched into her mouth, and Luna took her swollen clit between her teeth and sucked on it. Arunika let out a loud moan, and it turned into a scream as she came, Luna’s hot tongue thrusting in and out fast and hard. She slipped a finger inside of her, followed by a second and a third as she thrust them in and out. She pulled her mouth away and watched her as she arched and writhed. She stroked her harder and faster, smiling as a second orgasm hit her. She withdrew her hand, and Arunika pulled her up. She flipped them, and Luna’s stomach quivered in anticipation.
“My turn,” Arunika said and stroked her cheek.
“If you say so,” Luna replied and ran her hand up and down her back.
“I do say so,” she said and leaned down. She flicked a nipple with her tongue, and Luna gasped as pleasure shot through her. She smirked and sucked it into her mouth hard. They moaned as she switched to her other breast. She moved lower, and Luna moaned as her hot tongue pushed deep inside her and stroked her long and hard. Luna arched, moaning as her hot tongue swirled over and around her clit. She tugged and sucked on it, and Luna screamed as she slid three fingers inside, followed by a fourth. She removed her mouth from her, and Luna arched and writhed as she thrust her fingers in and out. As she watched, Luna reached between her legs and fingered her swollen clit. “Rub it.” Luna let out a loud moan as she did just that. She moved faster, harder as her pleasure rose. Arunika leaned forward, removing her hand and her own as she took her into her mouth. Luna arched and screamed as she came hard. She took all of her, licking, sucking, nipping; her hot tongue darting in and out as she rode out the pleasure. She pulled back and climbed on top of her. She kissed her hard; their tongues entangling in a bid for dominancy. Luna slipped her hand between them and stroked Arunika’s clit. She moaned and broke the kiss, moving until her core touched Luna’s own. They moaned, and Luna grew hotter as they moved. Her pleasure rose, and her moans grew louder as the waves of sensation crashed into her. Flipping Arunika over, she ground herself against her, moving faster and faster as the pleasure built. Arunika dug her nails in and raked them down her back. She arched as Her vision dimmed and narrowed with pain and pleasure. Arunika’s scream was music to her ears as they came. She went limp, and she didn’t bother to untangle herself from Arunika as they panted, their legs intertwined and Arunika’s arms still around her. After a long moment of just lying in each other’s arms, Luna pressed a soft kiss to her lips and pulled away.
“I’m going to grab a drink,” she said and ran her fingers through Arunika’s hair. She smiled and nodded. She watched her slip out of bed, her lithe, naked form a sight to behold as she grabbed up her clothes and quickly dressed. She walked to the door, opened it, and stepped out into the hall. Luna smiled to herself and walked down the portrait-lined hall. Bypassing the thirty steps that would take her down to the main floor of the center, she turned left into the kitchen.
“There she is,” one of her male sentinels said and grinned. “I was beginning to wonder if you’d ever make it out of that room.”
“Oh, you’re one to talk,” she said and headed for one of the iceboxes. “Who was the lucky female that I heard last night, screaming your name, hmm?”
“I heard it, too!” Arunika yelled. “What did you do to that poor female? She sounded like she was being murdered!”
“I have no idea of what you two are talking about,” he said and shrugged.
“Uh huh,” Luna replied and smirked as she grabbed two bottles of Chiller. “Speaking of her, where is she? I didn’t see her anywhere in the crowd.”
“She’s working.” She nodded and eyed the counter with a frown. The sentinel followed her gaze and quickly snatched up his plate of food. “Make your own.”
She let out a sigh and scowled at him. “What happened to sharing?” she grumbled under her breath as she exited the kitchen. She returned to the private room and kicked it shut before heading to the bed. She handed one of the bottles to Arunika and twisted the cap off her own drink. “You know,” she said and downed half of the bottle. She capped it and set it on the nightstand beside the bed. She was a little disappointed that Arunika was no longer naked. She sat down on the bed, and Arunika pulled her in close, setting her own drink on the nightstand. Luna smiled and snuggled into her. “I thought you’d never return,” she said softly and scowled.
“I told you that I would. You didn’t believe me?”
“Oh, I did. If I knew you couldn’t handle it, I wouldn’t have insisted that you go.”
“Going undercover can be a lot of fun, you know,” Arunika said and nuzzled her hair.
“Mmm,” she replied contentedly. “Is that so?”
“Mm-hmm.” Arunika slipped a hand into Luna’s pants and smiled. “Do you think we have time for a little quickie?”
“We have all the time in the world,” Luna said and moaned at the feel of hot fingers stroking her.
“Well, in that case…” Arunika pulled away and pushed her down on the bed. “I can hear people coming up and down the hall so let’s make it quick.” She pulled her pants down, and Luna kicked them aside as she stroked her fingers along her inner thigh. Arunika slipped a finger slowly inside her and smiled at the wetness there. Luna moaned as she rubbed a thumb over her clit and slipped a second and a third finger inside. She thrust them in and out, and Luna arched into her hand as she let out loud moans of pleasure. Arunika withdrew her hand and pulled Luna to her. She lifted her up slightly, and her legs went over her shoulders as her hot tongue licked from her entrance and up to her swollen clit. Luna’s hand snapped down and gripped her hair, digging her nails in and holding her tight to her as she writhed. Arunika continued to lick her, and she panted, letting out loud moans as her hot tongue stroked inside her. She tugged on her clit, sucked on it, and moved her tongue in fast circles as she arched and writhed. Luna yanked on her hair, and she moaned as she slipped a hand down her pants. Arunika’s fingers went to her own swollen clit, and she rubbed at it, moving faster and faster as Luna’s moans grew louder. More heat gathered between her thighs, and she gently bit down. Luna let out a scream as she came hard. Arunika let out a loud moan of her own and came along with her, waves of pleasure crashing into them. She gave a slow, final lick and pulled back, her eyes glazed over in pleasure. Luna smiled, panting as the room slowly came back into focus.
“It’s official,” she said and pulled Arunika up for a hot, long, passionate kiss. “I am never, ever letting you leave.”
“Hmm. You did a number on this one.” Luna, Arunika, Vega, her four personal sentinels, and Lucina stood in front of a very dead redarian male nailed to the basement wall of Aria’s home about half a bell later. “I hope you had fun with him? It would be a waste if you did not.” She turned and eyed a very nervous Hope standing in the doorway. She smiled at the youngling and arched an eyebrow in question. “Well, did you?” Hope smiled and nodded. She slowly came down the steps and to Lucina’s side.
“I thought about turning him into ash, but my father said to leave him like that.”
“Oh, he shouldn’t have.” Luna let out a dreamy sigh, and her entire form began to glow. By the time she was done, everyone had moved back up the stairs. She glowed bright as moonlight in a clear night sky; her clothes turning into ash as she reached out a hand and placed it on the redari’s forehead. In a heartbeat, the lifeless corpse crumbled into ash before her. “Hope, would you like to put him in a jar?” she asked and smirked as she turned to them. The glow of moonlight dimmed considerably as she walked up the stairs. She stopped in front of Arunika and pulled out her clothes from the backpack that she held open. She quickly dressed and turned to Aria, who was wrapped in Siro’s arms. “I heard that you also have a female.”
“I do,” she said and pulled from her mate’s arms. “This way.” Luna and her small group followed her back into the basement. Aria yanked on the ring of a hatch-like door and disappeared through it. Before Luna could go after her, one of her sentinels jumped through. She held back a growl as his head popped back up to nod at her. He vanished, and she rolled her eyes as she followed him down. Behind her, Vega was holding back a laugh.
“Oh,” she said appreciatively and nodded to herself. “I like this. A labyrinth of ice and vaper. Very… uh… nifty.” Her silver wings flared wide as she flew down the thirty-foot wall of ice. They traversed further into the labyrinth, turning down another hall before stopping in front of a door.
“She’s in here,” Aria said and pushed it open. The chancellor’s four sentinels spread out, taking each corner of the cell-like room. Vega nudged her mother, and Luna smiled as she walked inside. “Would you like me to stay?”
“You may leave, if you wish.” Aria nodded and left the room. Vega closed the door with a snap and leaned against it. “Wakey, wakey, wakey,” the chancellor sang and leaned over the female redari strapped to the metal table. “Time for a little chat, you and I.” She snaked a tendril of shadow into the female’s mouth and grinned as she convulsed. Her eyes popped open, and they widened as she continued to choke. “Had a nice nap?” Luna released her hold on the shadow and straightened.
“Luna,” she gasped and coughed.
“Oh, good, you still have all your faculties. I was beginning to worry,” the chancellor said dryly, and without any warning, yanked the metal object free from her leg. Golden blood spurted from the wound, and Luna smiled as a shriek of pain tore from her. She walked over to the table and picked up a small dome-shaped object. She clicked it on, and white light scorched her retinas like acid. She let out a snarling hiss of pain as she walked back to the redari, who was panting and twitching like someone on drugs. “I have questions for you, and…” She set the light object on the female’s stomach and pulled the shadows to her. “I highly recommend that you answer them.” Her eyeballs felt like they were slowly melting in their sockets as she tried very hard not to blink. All she could see was white, white and nothing else. “If not, I will take great pleasure in slowly draining you. Got it?”
“Yes,” the redari hissed. Someone sucked in a breath, and Luna smiled.
“First question, and believe me, it’s a very, very easy one to answer.” She paused and pressed a hand to her eyes. “What is your name?” She waited…. And waited… and… got nothing. She dropped her hand from her teary eyes and blinked the white spots away as she stared down at the redari. She frowned and looked up at her sentinels, Vega and Arunika. “Have I not made myself loud enough to hear?”
“Oh,” Vega said and smirked. She straightened from the door and came to stand at her side. “I heard you loud and clear, mother.”
“Hmm,” the chancellor said thoughtfully and grabbed the handheld light dome. She clicked it off and handed it to her daughter. “Can you speak?” she asked and glared down at the redari. “Or have I rendered you mute in some way?”
“Elearien,” the female finally said after a few seconds of silence.
“Ah, she speaks. Now, on to my second question.” She looked around, and then down to the bloody metal object, as if she just remembered that she had something in her hand. She tossed it onto the table and sighed. “Who do you answer to?”
“I answer to no one but myself,” she hissed.
“Okay,” the chancellor said with a huge intake of air. “Listen and listen carefully.” She stared deeply into her golden-brown eyes and held back a growl of annoyance. “Answer me truthfully, and I may be lenient. Lie to me one more time… well, I can’t say what I will do, but it will hurt… a lot.” The redarian female rolled her eyes, and she barely held back the urge to bitch-slap her. Honestly, some of them needed a really good bitch-slapping for common sense to take hold. “Roll your eyes at me one more time, and I’ll slowly pluck them from your skull.”
“Oh-oh, can I do it?” her daughter asked and reached out a hand. Silver claws extended from her fingertips, and Luna smiled as Elearien’s eyes practically popped from their sockets.
“Not yet.” Her daughter pouted and dropped her hand back to her side.
“Fine,” she grumbled under her breath and stood back from the table.
“Let’s try this again,” Luna said sweetly as her eyes turned completely silver. “Who do you answer to?” Vega sucked in a sharp breath and held it as the temperature dropped several degrees. The redarian female shuddered, and from the determined look in her eyes, the young nairue knew that she was going to hold her silence.
“Fuck,” Elearien snarled. “You.” One could swear to whatever deity they prayed to, that a blackhole had descended and swallowed everything in sight, because the entire room fell still, and the shadows seemed to grow, enveloping everything. Vega didn’t dare move an inch. It was so dark that no source of light could penetrate it. To add to it, the temperature in the room continued to drop. It was well below the negatives before a gasping, wheezing sound filled her ears.
“As you wish.” Luna’s softly spoken words sounded like it was coming from nowhere and everywhere. The shadows moved with her as she closed the very short distant to the strapped down female. She reached out and grabbed the redari’s head in her hands. She struggled, and Luna smiled as her fingers dug into her skull. A cool wave of sensation rushed from her head, down into her arms and flowed out of her hands. The redarian female let out a bloodcurdling scream as ten bluish-silver tendrils attached themselves to her brain. She chuckled as energy slowly poured into her. The longer her psychic fingers were attached to someone’s brain, the more painful it became as she drained them of their psyche.
“Please!” the redari screamed. “Please, stop!”
“Oh, I’m just getting started, sweetheart. I haven’t gotten to the good part yet.” She removed her hands, but the ten shimmering tendrils remained firmly attached to the brain, digging in deeper and deeper as she writhed and thrashed against the restraints. After a minute, the redari’s words were no longer comprehensible. Luna shuddered in pleasure as energy continued to pour into her in a slow, steady stream. She could make it go faster, but it was way more exhilarating if she took her time at it. She fought her way through the waves of pleasure bombarding her and slammed through the multilayered shields around the redari’s mind to salvage whatever memories were left intact. Not much of her memories were salvageable, but what little she managed to grab, made her very happy. It wasn’t the answer to her question, but anything that got her excited was good enough for her. By the time she pulled her tendrils back, the redarian female was reduced to nothing but a shell; her skin grey, stretched to its limit, and her brain was probably the size of a pinhead. Luna let out a very satisfied smile and sighed deeply as a shudder of pleasure racked her. She reached out, and a satisfying crunch filled her ears as she ripped away the restraints and crushed every bone she came in contact with. A soft glow penetrated her hazy vision, and she blinked as she stared at the ashes drifting from her hands onto the floor. She willed herself to stop emitting moonlight and looked around. She found the room emptied of everyone, and she burst out laughing for no apparent reason that she could think of. She strode naked to the door and opened it. She peeked out and glared at her sentinels. “So much for keeping me safe, eh?”
“You were perfectly safe in there,” Vega protested.
“Was I?” She smiled as her daughter threw up her hands and stomped off. Arunika laughed softly and pulled her from the room, kissing her. Luna rubbed herself against her like a cat and moaned as her hot tongue stroked against hers, sucking and thrusting as their tongues wrestled. Someone jabbed her on the ass, and she reluctantly broke the kiss with an annoyed sigh. She pulled from Arunika and took the bundle of clothes from Aria. “Thank you.” She nodded, and the chancellor quickly dressed as everyone watched—well, everyone minus Vega.
“You had fun,” Aria said and grinned. Luna nodded and took the bottle of Chiller from her. “Well, I’m glad someone did.” The chancellor chugged down her drink, as if she hadn’t drunk anything for days. “Please, all of you, follow me upstairs. I have food waiting.” Luna nodded and capped her empty bottle as she and her tiny congregation followed their hostess topside.


* * * * * *



18

“I didn’t see you at the gathering last night.” Karis turned and almost flipped her shit at the sight of the chancellor standing before her. “Don’t misunderstand me, the gathering wasn’t mandatory. I’m just curious.”
“Forgive me, that would be my fault,” Sarai said as her hand slowly rose into the air.
“How so?” She lowered her hand and eyed the chancellor cautiously.
“I was talking her down from doing anything stupid,” Karis said and gestured to the couch as she sat. “She was rather… upset after the explosion incident.”
“Ah,” Luna said and walked over to them. She dropped down on her other side and nodded. “I completely understand.” She removed her backpack and set it on her lap. Karis held back a snicker, because she couldn’t imagine any chancellor carrying around anything, let alone a backpack. She unzipped it and rummaged around before coming out with a plastic wrapped package. She opened it and pulled out a packet of… something. She proceeded to open the packet and reached in to pull out a small purple leaf with red around the edge. She studied it for a moment, before popping it into her mouth. Aria appeared in the archway, holding a blue mug with snowflake patterns on it and nodded to Luna. “Thank you,” the chancellor said as she walked over and handed it to her. Luna took the steaming mug and peered into the liquid.
“Arunika informed me that blue rygolie mint tea is vital to you, and that if you don’t drink it twice a night, you are viable to murder us all,” Aria said dryly and looked around.
“I would never do such a heinous thing,” she protested and took a sip of her drink. Aria smiled and pulled a red beanbag chair over. She sat and looked to Karis.
“I assume you got your light friend to not burn down my home?” she asked and gave Sarai a nod. Sarai squirmed and scowled at the nairue.
“I was not going to burn down your home,” the redari said and shot Karis a scornful look.
“What?” she asked defensively. “I didn’t put that thought into her head, you know.”
“Hmm,” Luna said and took a larger gulp of her drink. “Great minds think alike.”
Aria nodded enthusiastically. “By the way, Arunika is having an argument with your daughter. Do they always argue like that?”
Luna nodded. “It’s all for fun. Do not worry, they won’t come to blows.” She frowned. “Well, there might be some objects thrown around, but nothing too damaging.” On cue, a loud crash sounded from somewhere nearby. Karis was on her feet and running before anyone could get a word out. She followed the noise to the kitchen and came to an abrupt stop as her mouth dropped open in confusion. Arunika had Vega in a headlock, and the female was repeatedly hitting the older nairue on anything she could reach. The crashing sound was the icebox hitting the floor, and from what she could see, it looked like someone had knocked it off the counter. Bottles and chunks of ice littered the floor, and Karis didn’t know if she wanted to laugh or roll her eyes at the situation.
“I yield,” Vega said desperately and grunted as she tried to break free. “I fucking yield.” Arunika released her, and the female nairue scrambled away from her before getting to her feet.
“Well, if I knew there was going to be a catfight, I wouldn’t have left,” Siro mused from behind her. Karis turned to face the crowd gathered just beyond the kitchen and held back a chuckle.
“Damn it,” Aria said sulkily and stuck out her lower lip like a five-year-old child. “I wanted to watch.”
“Sorry,” Arunika said and handed Vega a bottle of Arctic Thunder. “I would’ve given you guys tickets to the show, but they sold out a few chimes after the tenth bell. Maybe next time?” Luna popped another leaf into her mouth and leaned back against the wall, as if nothing eventful had happened.
“Drinks?” Vega asked and picked up two bottles of Sweet Bliss. Luna raised her hand and caught the drink one handedly from the air. She looked at the bottle and frowned at the white liquid inside. Her mug of tea was floating inches in front of her face, and she looked back and forth between the two beverages, as if trying to decide what to drink first. Arunika made up her decision for her. She walked over and took Sweet Bliss out of her hand. The chancellor frowned and grabbed the handle of her mug. She drained the rest of her tea and shuddered as a cool numbing feeling took over her entire body. Siro grabbed the empty mug from her trembling fingers and walked over to the washbasin. Arunika wrapped an arm around Luna’s waist, holding her up as she struggled to pull out another leaf from the packet.
“If you don’t mind my asking, what is she eating?” Sarai asked and eyed the chancellor nervously. She stood apart from the cluster of nairues, because for one: she could feel unseen eyes on her, and two: standing near more than one of them felt like ice gathering inside her, slowly freezing her from the inside out.
“Kirrenty leaves,” Arunika replied and took the cellophane packet from her hand. She pulled out a leaf and dropped it onto Luna’s tongue as she stuck it out. “They calm her nerves.”
“Vital to her, or she is viable to murder us all, right?” the redari asked and smirked.
“You’re catching on fast,” the nairue mused as she crumpled up the wrapper and stuck it into her pocket. “She’ll be fine after a few bells of rest.”
“Is there anything else that I can do for you?” Aria asked. “Either of you?” Luna mumbled something no one could make out and placed a hand on the wall for support as she walked back down the hall. They followed her back to the main living space, where she proceeded to flop face first onto the couch. She grabbed one of the pillows and hugged it to her as the others found seats on the recliner, beanbags, or the floor. “I’ll uh… take that as a no,” Aria said as Hope walked in with a pale pink fleece blanket in her arms. She took it from her daughter and handed it off to Arunika, who resituated a grumbling Luna in a more comfortable position before throwing the blanket over her.
“We’re good,” Arunika finally said to Aria as she lowered herself to the floor in front of the couch.
“Mm-hmm,” Luna mumbled and took in a deep breath. Her breathing deepened, falling into a more even rhythm as she fell asleep. Two of her sentinels stood guard behind the sleeping chancellor while the remaining two took either side of the couch. From the looks of them, none of them were going to move from their spot anytime soon, especially not Arunika, who looked like she was going to stab the first person that took even one step toward Luna. Vega casually walked over and sat on the arm of the couch, pulling her mother’s backpack onto her lap. She peeked inside and began exploring the contents. The ongoing conversations fell completely silent as they reverted to telepathy. Not a person in the room wanted to risk waking her, for fear of daggers being stabbed into their guts, or worse, sudden death at the hands of her people.
A couple of miles outside the obsidian walls of Winter Veil, Siv pulled down her hood and gave the other nairue with her an icy glare. He held up his hands and quickly took several steps away from her. His silver-grey eyes darted around like nervous teakys, which were animals with round furry body, two stubby legs and arms, large eyes, and a mouth. There was probably a nose, too, but Siv couldn’t a hundred percent be sure that they had one. She had to catch one and look at it up close to be certain. Hell, she wasn’t even certain if they had ears or not. They were small, fast, and their high-pitched screeches were painful to all that heard them. Luckily, they only screech when they felt threatened. Other than that, their way of communication was by whistling or chirping at each other. “I swear, I don’t know anything,” the nairue male said for the fifth time that night.
“Why, oh why do I not believe you?” Siv drawled and lovingly fingered one of her many daggers. He took another step back, and she watched with amusement as one of his wings twitched. “Tell me, oh great one, are you affiliated with any of the factions? If so, pretend that I’m not here, and you somehow accidentally let the name slip where anyone under the moon can hear.”
“I can’t.”
“I promise to make it quick and painless.”
“They’ll kill me.”
“I’ll kill you, if you don’t give me a name,” she snapped, rapidly losing patients with him.
“Promise you’ll let me go. I’ll tell you, if you let me go.”
“Fine.” She waited for what seemed like forever, before he took in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Black Hand.” Damn it, Siv thought and scowled. She was hoping it was another organization, but no, it was the Black fucking Hand. “Can I go?” She nodded and watched him disappear into the shadows. She knew that he wouldn’t make it home, but he didn’t have to know that.
“Jayna, you’re up.” The shadows rippled around her, and she smirked as she crossed the open span of nothing but snow up ahead. She grumbled under her breath, annoyed that she hadn’t killed anyone yet. It was time to change that, Siv thought as she walked into the woods.
Pretty soon, she was walking along a snowy lakefront, her hands in her pockets as frigid gusts of wind slammed against her on all sides. She wondered how long she had been casually strolling along, because the tingling feeling that ran down her spine only meant one thing. She stopped walking and slowly turned to face… she blinked and mentally shook her head. Standing three feet from her was the chancellor, her eyes completely silver. She took a cautious step back, because last time her eyes turned that color, bad things happened, and the last she heard, the chancellor was sleeping peacefully on a couch. She must’ve been walking for quite a while if Luna was up and tracking her down. Three feet was a little too close for comfort in her opinion, but… she wasn’t suicidal enough to complain. Besides, she wouldn’t feel safe even if the chancellor was standing five hundred feet away. Siv looked around and couldn’t see anyone else nearby, but she knew better than to think that they were alone. “You’d think they know better than to take the word of an assassin to heart,” Luna mused.
“You heard every word?” She nodded and drew closer.
“I’m more interested in what the Viper Syndicate will do about the Black Hand Elite.”
Siv snorted. “Elite, my ass.”
Luna chuckled. “I, sadly, did not come up with that name.” She said and walked toward the lake. Siv followed in her wake, lifting a few inches into the air as they stepped onto water.
“Hey, you did approve it,” she said conversationally.
“True, but who am I to judge on such trivial things like coming up with a faction name? You can call yourselves ‘The Fuzzies’, and I wouldn’t give a shit.”
“It’s what’s happening behind doors that you give a shit about?”
“Oh, not even that. I don’t give two fucks what you guys do behind closed doors.” They glided over the lake, droplets of water spraying them as they made their way to the other side. “You become my concern when, say, you start plucking children from the streets.” They stopped and turned to one another. Siv held her breath as the lake froze over solid. “I have zero tolerance when it comes to things such as this.” Her silver wings snapped open, and Siv could’ve sworn that the air also froze solid around them. Her own midnight-black wings twitched, and she folded them tight to her back as she watched the chancellor closely. To her knowledge, most of the nairues had black wings, but some of them—like Aria and Hope—had a pair of midnight-blues, which were rare within themselves. To have silver wings was even more rare, and Siv wondered if it had anything to do with bloodlines, how in tuned one was with the moon itself, or maybe it was both. “So,” Luna continued with a heavy sigh. “I’m turning this problem into my problem.” She smiled as the lake cracked into multiple chunks of ice. “Besides, I really hate sitting at my desk signing one petition after another.”
“That sounds very… uh… boring. No offense.”
“None taken, and believe me, you have no idea just how mind-numbingly boring it is.” Siv chuckled and slowly removed her hands from her pockets. After all, she didn’t want her head rolling down the embankment due to sudden moves, accidental or not. She also made sure that her hands were empty of anything that would be considered as lethal intentions.
“I’ll take your word for it.”
She nodded. “Now, I didn’t track you down for no apparent reason.”
“Should I be scared?” Siv got a little nervous as the chancellor thought about it. She wondered what poor defenseless animal she had to kill.
“Depends on how you look at it,” she finally said and held out a hand. Siv hesitated for the briefest of seconds, then she reached out to take her outstretched hand. White-hot pain exploded in her head, and Siv thought she was going to die as she fell to the ground. “Okay, maybe a little,” Luna said and gripped the assassin’s hand between her own. Blue blood trickled from her eyes and ears as she gasped and writhed in pain. She tried in vain to pull away, but Luna held on as she stroked a finger over the head of her viper tattoo. A scream tore from Siv as she pushed a tendril of darkness into her. It wrapped her up in a nice cocoon, and Luna smiled as the viper faded away. In its place, a black skull with red eyes slowly became visible on her wrist. The assassin moaned in agony as Luna finally released her. She clutched at her arm, panting as shudders racked her. The chancellor knelt and leaned over her thoughtfully. “I rarely do this, so take it for what it’s worth.” She covered the assassin’s mouth with her own, and she almost laughed as her gasps of pain abruptly fell silent. Luna pulled more energy from the moon, and as she exhaled, the cool rush of power poured into the assassin in a wash of warmth and vitality. With a smirk, she pulled back and stood. Breathing heavily, Siv stared up at her in shock. “As of this night and the next few nights after, you are no longer a member of the Viper Syndicate.” Siv raised her arm and peered at the skull branded on her right wrist. Her entire forearm was red, angry-looking, and fucking painful as a motherfucker. “From an assassin to another assassin, show them exactly what happens if one crosses a line best left untouched. You understand what I am saying, do you not?” She nodded and wiped blood from her eyes. Luna smiled, and it was a cruel smile as she harnessed the power of the moon to her will. “Good,” she said softly, and without another word, she vanished, becoming one with the shadows.


* * * * * *



19

“Don’t say it.” Aurora stood on the balcony of her home and studied the rolling storm clouds in the sky.
“Say what?” Myra asked and popped the top of her Redline berry energy drink. “I have lots to say. I’m a god damn bartender.”
She scowled. “That you have bad news,” she said and turned to face the other endahli.
“Okay, I won’t.” She stepped back inside and retrieved another can of energy drink from the cooler. She handed it to Aurora, who had followed her back inside with a huff. “I have good news.”
“Oh?” she asked as she walked to the opened bedroom door. “I’m afraid to ask.” Myra smirked and followed her downstairs.
“I heard that Chancellor Rayne is making this whole thing her business.” Aurora stopped walking and turned to her. “Everybody is all… jumpy and looking over their shoulders.”
“Aren’t all of the chancellors on it?”
“Yes, but since it started in Rislyn, Rayne is having none of it. You know what happens if a chancellor can’t handle his or her own people.” Aurora gulped and nodded. “and… this is my opinion, mind you. I’ve seen Rayne all over the streamlines. She isn’t going to just step down. She’s going to kill every single assassin that tries to remove her head.”
“She’s going to be even harder to take down, now,” Aurora mused.
“How do you mean.”
“She’s working with the Viper. I think she made friends with the Sovlik and the Bris family.”
Myra whistled appreciatively and shook her head. “They’re one of the most powerful bloodlines.”
“Yeah,” Aurora said dryly and turned into the kitchen. “Tell me about it.”
“And she’ll always have Arunika Zerannis and that evil daughter of hers to back her up.”
“Hey, Vega isn’t that bad.”
Myra snorted. “Just wait until she aims a bomb in your direction.”
“Bomb?” Althea asked as she flew in through the opened window, her E-Net clutched in her hand. “What are we planning to blow up?” She waved the device in the air as she landed. “And have you guys seen this?” Aurora and Myra looked at each other, before shaking their heads.
“Luna?” Myra asked.
“Huh? The chancellor of the shadow people? No.” She hopped onto the counter and poked a finger against the screen. The other two endahlians gathered close to her and peered down at whatever she was poking at.
“Oh, shit,” Aurora breathed. “Oh shit-oh shit-oh shit.” Myra let out a terrified squeak and pulled out her own E-Net. “When did that happened?”
“Five, ten minutes ago?”
“I’m going to hide under a rock,” Myra said as she scrolled through her own streamline of information. “You think I can temporarily quit my bartending job?”
“I’m more terrified for the nairues,” Althea said as her fingers flicked back and forth across the screen. “Especially when Rayne gets wind of it.”
“Oh, she will.” Aurora shuddered. “I think they’re part of the Viper.” She walked into the living space and picked up a twelve-by-twenty-inch mirror.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m contacting Aria.” All three endahlians dropped onto the couch as Aurora pulled out a green tracer from her pocket. She wrote Aria’s name onto the glass, and she was half tempted to knock on the mirror as she reached out with her mind. She followed the green glowing link and mentally knocked on the metaphorical door. The mirror in her lap shimmered and swirled, distorting her reflection until she couldn’t see herself at all. She lifted the mirror and looked into nothing but darkness.
“Aurora,” Aria said cheerfully from the mirror.
“Can you turn on a light or something?” the endahli asked and swallowed.
“Nope. No can do.” She really, really wanted to see her, because she would like some warning of impending doom. She was going to be extremely annoyed if the mirror exploded into a million glittering shards in her hands. “So, what can I do for you? Or did you ring me for a casual chat?” Before she could get another word out, she heard a knock, and it wasn’t on her side. “One moment, Aurora,” Aria said, and the endahli held her breath as she waited. Althea and Myra scooted away from her, looking nervously at the mirror as she leaned forward to set it on the table. Myra was practically halfway off the side of the couch as they continued to wait. It felt like an eternity before the sound of something breaking reached their ears. Aria’s screams of outrage followed a second later, and Aurora winced in sympathy for whoever the unlucky messenger was. On the table, the mirror rattled ominously. The endahlians quickly got to their feet and ran from the room as Aria’s screams grew louder. An explosion sounded from the nairue’s side, and the three endahlians took several more steps back as the mirror itself exploded. Silver shards flew into the air like someone had shattered it from the inside. They rained down onto the hardwood floor in a shower of glittering, deadly projectiles.
“Shiiiit,” Althea said from her hiding spot behind the kitchen door. “I’m so glad I’m not there.”
“That makes the two of us,” Aurora muttered under her breath as Myra came out with a white swiper and a black garbage bag. The swiper was just that, a swiper. It had a handle and a flat scooper at the end. It was excellent for tossing things like broken glass into a bag. She did have a broom like the humans did to sweep up stuff, but in her opinion, that piece of wood and brush were freaking useless when it came to sweeping up powdery glass that clung to the end of the broom like fucking barnacles.
“Make that the three of us,” Myra said as she swept up the broken shards of mirror.
She sighed. “I need a new mirror.”
“Good luck, because I’m not propositioning one for you,” Althea said and glanced at her E-Net as it beeped. “Oh, got to go,” she sang and launched herself out of the window.
“Coward!” Myra shouted after her. “You’ll pay for this!” Scowling, she stomped back into the kitchen and out the door. Aurora shook her head and followed her outside.
Aria stood in the wreckage of her demolished office, fuming as blood coursed through her like acid, and oh, she was glowing. She took in a deep breath and eyed the nairue male that she ran through with her sword, pinning him to the wall like a butterfly on display. He held himself very still, even as agony ripped through him. “Is there anything else that you wish to tell me?” she snarled and raked her claws along the wall, just a few inches from his head. He gulped and shook his head. “Are you sure?” she hissed and spat acid into his eyes. She stood there and smiled as he screamed.
“I don’t know anything else!” he yelled and tried fruitlessly to remove the sword from his gut.
“Last chance,” she growled and unhinged her jaws. She let out a yelp as an invisible force closed around her neck and squeezed. She launched herself backward, her arms flailing as she spun about. A gigantic cat plowed into her, knocking her flat onto her back as the hold on her neck loosened. Aria lost it; she shrieked and began to headbutt the cat, punching, kicking, clawing, biting everything and anything she could hit. Powerful jaws closed around her neck, and another shriek tore from her as she drove her fist into its belly. The cat snarled, and she saw white as claws stabbed into her shoulders. Stop! Luna snarled into her mind. Now! Aria kicked upward, but it was no use, because her hope for launching the cat over her head didn’t work. Instead, she almost got the full weight of the cat baring down on her. I said stop! Her head exploded in pain, even as fangs sank into soft skin. She felt the rumble of warning, but she was too far gone to reason with.
Hot blood filled Luna’s mouth, and she barely held herself back from killing the female underneath her.
“I’ve healed his eyes,” Vega said and yanked the sword free. The nairue male let out another bloodcurdling scream as he fell. She nodded and released her hold around Aria’s neck. Before she could headbutt her or bite her, she hit her head with a paw, hard enough to knock her out, but not hard enough to send her head flying. The chancellor stood from the female and growled at the unconscious form. “I’ve healed him a little more. Just enough for his insides to remain, well, inside of him.” Luna nodded and leapt across the destroyed office. “I still don’t know why you don’t want her to rip him apart. I had popcorn and everything.” She kicked the down male in the face and hissed at him. “Shut the fuck up, or I swear to the bloody fucking moon that I will kill you myself.” He fell silent, or as silent as he could be, given the circumstance he was in. Luna stalked over to them and bared her fangs at the nairue male. She thought about remaining as a cat, but she decided against it as she reverted to her humanoid form.
“I have questions of my own,” she growled and glared at the bloodied nairue. She sat back and winced as her bare ass met pointy sharp things. She lifted herself up slightly and swept broken glass and splinter wood aside, scowling as she rubbed a hand over her ass. Her fingers found a shard of glass, and she yanked it out with an annoyed grunt.
“So…” Vega said slowly. “you like uh… ran out of clothes.” Damn, she thought with a sigh. Oh well. She preferred nudity over clothes anyways. She patted the floor under her ass, making sure it was cleared of anything before she sat. “So… can I get you a blanket?” Luna smiled at the discomfort she could hear in her daughter’s voice and shook her head. “Okay, I’ll just er… stand guard over Aria while you do your thing.” She drew her knees up and wrapped her arms around them as she stared at the groaning nairue male in front of her.
“I don’t know where to begin,” the chancellor drawled. “Should I ask you a question, or should I beat you half to death, first?” She rested her chin atop her knees and frowned. “Hmm. Decisions, decisions. What to pick…? What to pick?” She tapped a finger against her chin and eyed him thoughtfully.
“I vote for the latter.”
“Of course, you would vote for the latter,” Luna said dryly and snapped out her hand. “You have a sadistic side, after all.” She drove her hand into the nairue male’s recently healed stomach and chuckled as he let out another scream.
“Gee, wonder who I got that from,” her daughter deadpanned. “I definitely didn’t get it from my father.”
“Oh, your father was…” Luna sighed dreamily and smiled as she squished internal organs between her fingers. “I miss him.”
Vega blinked. “Um, sorry,” she said quickly. “I didn’t mean to bring him up.”
“Oh, don’t worry. I won’t slip into my alter ego. At least… not yet.”
“Yay,” she replied, sounding very unenthused. Luna pulled out her hand and rolled onto her knees. She wrapped her hands around the male’s throat and slowly squeezed.
“Do you work for the Viper?” she asked him and moved her thumb over a Paulse point in his neck.
“No,” he gasped and pushed at her arms.
“Do you work for the Black Hand?” He shook his head, and he grunted as she dug an elbow painfully into him.
“No.”
“Shadow Brethren?”
“No.”
“The Stalkers?”
“no.”
“Lunar Eclipse? The Widows? The Shadow Spawn? Sisters of the Fade? Oh, wait, you’re a male. Forget that last one. Hmm…”
“I’m not part of a faction,” he said through the white-hot agony overwhelming him. Luna released him and clapped her hands together excitedly. He blinked up at her as confusion entered his eyes.
“Outstanding!” she exclaimed and squealed in delight. She jumped to her feet and all but danced over to Aria. “We have a pawn to play with,” she said as she knelt beside the female. Placing a hand onto her forehead, she channeled power into her, and she smiled down at her as she blinked open silver, emerald-green eyes. “You can eat him, but don’t kill him.” Aria slowly sat up, and the chancellor pulled her hand back as she looked around. After a moment of reorienting herself, Aria nodded and fell backward onto the floor. A huge snake with midnight-blue scales interspersed with black took her place, and she smiled, watching as she slithered over to her prey.
Vega rolled her eyes at the ceiling and wrapped her arms around her mother, dragging her inside and kicking the door shut. “Sit,” she said and pointed to the bed. “You need clothes, or all the males—and females for that matter—will die from sensory overload.” It took her almost half a bell just to convince her to leave Aria’s office and make their way to the room provided for them. Arunika wasn’t helping the matter by siding with her.
“Well, it’s a healthy way to die. Cause of death? Under the influence of ecstasy and bliss.” Luna nodded rapidly to herself and turned to the bed. She belly-flopped onto it and took in a deep breath through her nose. “Ah, yes. A wonderful way to go, indeed.”
“Mother, you’re having another one of your episodes.”
“Oh, nonsense. This is me at a hundred percent. Trust me, only, I, know myself.” Vega shook her head and strode to the closet. The chancellor smiled to herself and held back a chuckle at the cool feel of a couple of thin fabrics landing on her head. With a sigh, she grabbed them up and pushed to her feet. She quickly dressed in a white shirt and a pair of ice-blue pants with a frown. “Happy?” she asked and turned to her daughter, who was scowling and giving her the evil eye. “What? Are my boobs showing?” She glanced down at herself to check.
“No,” Vega said with an exasperated sigh and rolled her eyes. “Here,” she said and held out a packet of purple leaves. Luna took it from her and opened it. Tilting her head back, she poured the entire contents into her mouth. “I was hoping you would eat those one at a time, but it’s too late now. How is it? Delicious?”
“Mm-hmm,” she replied and coughed as the minty coolness exploded in her mouth and down her throat. Her daughter shook her head and opened the door. She tossed the empty wrapper into the trash and followed her out into the hall. At the end of it stood a blood-drenched Aria, who looked half here and half not. Luna swallowed the mouthful of plant and strode past her daughter. She stopped in front of Aria and cupped her chin as she stared deeply into her eyes. She tilted her head to the side and barely made out the words that she was muttering under her breath like a mantra.
“No kill, eat only. No kill, eat only. No kill, eat only.”
“Let’s clean you up,” Luna said softly and shuddered as the leaves she just ate work their magic. She guided her to the bathroom and walked her into the shower. Forgoing the spigot, she reached over to the wall and jabbed a finger at the purple button. The shower came on, drenching them both in lukewarm water. “You want it hot or cold?”
“No kill, eat only.” Aria continued to mutter away, and the chancellor laughed as she hit the red button.
“Okay, hot, it is.” She watched the needle move a millimeter to the left on the screen and scowled. She pressed the tiny square button again and held her finger there. When it was hot enough, she released it and gripped Aria’s shoulders. “Hear me, Aria,” she said as the power rose into her voice. “You are to clean yourself up. Once you are done, you are to dress and come see me. I’ll be waiting out on the balcony. Got it?”
“Uh huh,” she replied in a monotone. “I got it. No kill, eat only.” Luna smiled and picked up the light blue bar of soap. She pressed it along with a washcloth into her hand and stepped from the shower.
“Will she be okay by herself?” Vega asked slowly and held out a light pink nightgown.
“Yes,” she said and stripped out of her soaked clothes. She took the gown from her daughter and slipped it over her head. Vega eyed Aria nervously, and then shrugged. The chancellor picked up her discarded clothes and followed her out of the bathroom, closing the door behind her almost all the way shut.
“Is she, all right?” Siro asked as he walked toward them.
“Yes, she is,” Luna said and inclined her head to him. “Is he still alive?” Knowing who she was asking about, he nodded.
“Barely.”
She smiled. “Barely is good enough for me.”
“My daughter and Mia are keeping watch over him.” She nodded and moved out of his way as he reached for the doorknob. “Thank you for not killing her.”
Luna blinked. “I have no intention of killing her anytime soon, nor would I kill her without informing you of it beforehand.” Siro nodded and pushed his way into the steaming bathroom. She smirked and made her way down the hall. Entering the main living space, she almost ran headfirst into Siv, who was glaring at Karis over her shoulder. She grabbed her hand and peered at her arm. “How is it?”
“Much better,” the assassin said as she clamped down on her instinct to pull a weapon. Catching her off-guard was never a good thing. Luckily, she registered who was coming up upon her before she did something she’d really regret. Luna nodded and released her.
“Where is your little bouncy ball?” Siv stared at her blankly, and the chancellor chuckled as she moved out of her way. “Your little girl,” she clarified with a smile.
“Oh, she’s with Hope and Mia.” She nodded and waved to Karis as she made her way outside.
Hope stuck another piece of sour ball candy into her mouth and chewed as she casually kicked at the bits of broken debris. She scowled at the unconscious form of the male bleeding out beside her and resisted the urge to tear out his throat. She looked at the gaping hole in his stomach and wondered—other than the heart—if he had any internal organs left. “I brought chocolate-covered strawberries.” Lucina made her way over and set the plate on the overturned bin. She swiped her fingers into the congealing blood and picked up a strawberry with her other hand. “Extra flavor?” She stuck her fingers into her mouth and licked them clean before biting into the fruit. “Hmm, not bad.” Hope frowned and picked one up.
“Who cut off the stems?” she asked and bit into it.
“Jayna.” She nodded and eyed the blood that was… well, everywhere. “How long has he been out?” She shrugged. Lucina scowled and looked to the opened door. The door itself was no longer there, and she pouted at the fact that she hadn’t been around to see Luna smashing it off its hinges. They ate their strawberries and—in Hope’s case—candy, occasionally checking on the half-dead nairue male in the office with them. Hope popped the last strawberry into her mouth and watched the shadows around them ripple. No one stepped out of them, but she sensed someone else drawing near. The female came into view, and she recognized her as being one of Luna’s sentinels. “Can we finally eat him?” Lucina asked hopefully.
“No,” she said and stepped aside for Siro, Aria and Luna to enter. “Sorry about that,” she continued as Aria came over to them and crouched. She pulled the male halfway up and ripped into his neck with a growl. The chancellor reached out and placed her hands on either side of his head, and Hope shuddered as her eyes turned completely silver. She and Lucina watched her raptly as she drained him of his psyche. He didn’t even wake as it was going on, not even as Aria tore into him, the sound of crunching bones and tearing flesh loud in the silence. The head parted from the neck, and Luna pulled it to her, cradling it in her arm like a baby as she continued to feed and extract what memories were still intact. Arunika and Vega appeared just outside the door, their arms full of backpacks and messenger bags. Each of them held plastic white bags in their hands as they watched the tail end of the gruesome show. Arunika even pouted as Aria threw a legbone at Luna, who caught it and began to crunch on it like it was a tasty piece of chicken bone.
“Are you guys leaving?” Hope asked as she looked around at the massive amount of blood that covered the entire office. Some of it even splashed onto her hair.
“We are,” Luna said and held up the head by the short hair. “Sweetheart,” she continued and looked to Arunika. “Can I keep it as a trophy? Please?”
“You can, but…”
“But what?”
“There’s no point since you’re going to eat it within the next ten minutes.”
“Hmm, you’re right.” She glanced down at the head and frowned. With a shrug, she tossed it to Aria, who caught it and dug her fingers into the eye socket. “We’ll keep in touch?” she asked her.
“Mm-hmm,” she replied, nodding. “Call or come over at any time.”
“I’ll do that, and thank you for hosting us.” She and Siro nodded.
“We’ll keep you apprised of what’s happening on our end,” Siro said, and he tried to take the head from Aria, who snarled and clawed at him.
Luna inclined her head. “As will I,” she said and walked over to Arunika and her daughter. “The male you have chained up in your basement is still up for offer?”
“Yes,” he replied as Aria nodded enthusiastically. Hope and Lucina waved to the chancellor and her people, and Luna smiled, waving the legbone at them as they vanished.


* * * * * *



20

On the steps of her home, Luna stared at the cream-colored door, nibbling on the bloody legbone that she still held. She sometimes wondered what it would be like if the three races coexisted with one another, rather than existing on their own dimension. They’ve been at peace with each other for the past thirteen hundred years, give or take a few decades, but how much longer would that last? The war itself was bloody and violent. Luna herself had been at the frontline, leading the charge into battle. Riding in on the back of a terrsey—a horse-like creature with white coat and glowing red eyes—she had struck down the first redari with a well-aimed throw of her shadow daggers to his skull, her white beam of moonlight cutting him in half in a matter of seconds. After that, her element of surprise was over as solar rays, fireballs, ice bolts, shadow bolts, smoke bombs, and all manners of destruction flew through the air, or were set off. She had killed mercilessly, striking down her enemies with unrestrained fervor. Those she could physically get her hands or a finger on, she had quickly drained them, ridding them of their psyche like their minds were broken pressure valves, unable to keep the water from rushing out. Drunk on the exquisite pleasure and the high of feeding from so many, so fast, and one after another in a short amount of time, she nearly lost her head, in both the literal and the figurative sense of the matter. The only thing that saved her were her own instincts, painfully drilled into her at a very young age. Since it took place on the realm of Mirinia, the endahlians were caught in the middle. They had suffered the most casualties when it was over, and the smoke had cleared. She had lost many of her people, and the fact that the redarians and the endahlians had also suffered casualties of their own, it didn’t make her feel any better. That was one of the worst things about war, everybody was collateral damage, whether be it friends, allies, civilians; they were all on the chopping block. Her predecessor at the time thought he could rule the redari and the endahli. Of course, they weren’t having it. It started out with small skirmishes here and there, until her predecessor had the brilliant idea of taking females and younglings captive. The war lasted for years, and it only ended when she had put her plan of assassinating him into motion. She could still remember that event like it was yesterday.
With a weary sigh, Luna finished off her bone and stepped aside for one of her sentinels to proceed her. She glared at them, tapping her foot impatiently as one of them stepped forward to open the door. Two of them entered the house, and after a few minutes of doing what they were supposed to do, one of them returned, signaling to her that it was all clear. She took in a calming breath and stepped inside, the rest of her party following close behind her. The inside of her home was warm and inviting. The short hall led into the main living space, with its pale blue walls and silver trim. The plush carpeted floor was white, and the furniture were black, dark blue, and in the case of the coffee table, a chestnut color. There was a small kitchen to the right, a hallway to the left, and Luna all but ran for it. Unlike her underwater home, it didn’t have a second level, or as many bedrooms and baths. It was a two-bedroom, two-bathroom home, and she loved it for what it was; a home where no one was allowed except for Arunika and her children. It also had a basement, which Vega had turned into a second living space. Where there was nothing but concrete and bricks, she had torn it down and gone all out on the renovation. Instead of torture implements hanging on hooks, scattered about on a couple of tables, or chains bolted to the walls, there was dark blue carpet on the floor, and the walls were pink. She even went as far as building a couple of rooms, designating them as the torture chambers. With an amused chuckle, Luna went straight to the bathroom, locking herself in before anyone got the bright idea to follow her in. “I want all of my sentinels out of my home by the time I get out of the shower!” she yelled, knowing full well that they could hear her if she had whispered or spoken in a normal volume. Sometimes, it felt good to yell, shout, or scream. “If not, I’m going to stab the first nairue I see!” With that, she stripped out of her bloody clothes and hopped into the shower. She stabbed a finger into the purple button, then quickly jabbed the red one, holding her finger there until the water turned scalding hot. With a shudder that racked her entire body, she forced her every muscle to relax into the hot embrace of the water.
She closed her eyes and let out a deep, contented sigh, the pounding stream easing away the knots and stress of the night. She knew that there was more to do, and she hoped that speaking to the human that she could sense a floor below, wouldn’t add to the spikes she could feel repeatedly jackhammering into the sides of her head. Opening her eyes, she stepped from under the water and picked up the pale pink bar of soap along with the light blue washcloth. Lathering up the cloth until bubbles formed, she dropped the soap back onto the shelf and ran the cloth along her body, washing away the tiny specks of dried blood that still clung to her skin. When she was done, she stepped back into the water and wrung out the washcloth, until it was clean of both soap and blood. She hung it on the small bar just a few inches above the shelf and picked up the white bottle of half shampoo, half conditioner. She scowled as she methodically shampooed her hair, running her fingers through the strands until they were no longer entangled. She could have sworn she had showered not a couple of bells ago, but alas, Aria’s eating habit was frenzied and very messy, blood and gore flying everywhere, as if she hadn’t a care in the world what, or whom it may splatter on. She smiled to herself, once again closing her eyes as she rinsed out the jasmine-scented suds from her hair. When she was done, she stood there, allowing the water to cascade down her body as she debated with herself whether to stay in the shower for another bell, or to just fuck it and face whatever was to come next. At the end, she let out a heavy sigh and jabbed the silver button to shut off the water. She stared at the silvery-white wall in front of her for a moment, then with a dramatic roll of her eyes, she stepped out and pulled a plush purple towel around her. Water dripped from her hair as she pulled opened the door and strode into her room. She removed the towel from around herself and quickly dried her hair the best she could. She tossed it onto a chair and walked into her closet. Grabbing the first things that her hands landed on, she quickly dressed. She looked down at herself and snorted at the bright pink shirt and the bright blue pants she had on. She looked like one of those colored cotton candies that human children bought at one of their carnival fairs. With a shrug, she finger-combed her hair and walked from her room. Aside from the human that she could hear ranting to herself, her home was quiet. She entered her kitchen and took the bottle of Chiller that Arunika held out to her. “I’ve sent Hunter and Alessia home,” Vega said from her leaning position at the counter. “I’ve paid them double.”
“Thank you,” she said and cracked open her drink. She took a long pull of the ice-cold liquid and shuddered. “Well, I better get down there before she can really get started on the ongoing rant,” she continued and set down her drink on the table. Vega nodded and pushed from the counter. She followed her daughter through the basement door, Arunika following behind as they took the fifty steps down. The ranting abruptly cut off, and she smiled as her daughter paused before the white door that separated them from the human. Vega glanced over her shoulder at her mother and gave her a noncommittal shrug. “Go on,” Luna coaxed and held back a chuckle. “Have you not met a human before? They’re just like us. Well, minus the wings, magic and the like.” Her daughter scowled at her and pulled open the door. The human female standing at the far side of the basement was just a few inches over five feet tall. In Luna’s estimation, probably between five-foot-two, five-foot-five with soft auburn hair that fell midway down her back. She was dressed in a long-sleeved dark blue shirt and a pair of black sweatpants. The clothes seemed to swallow her up, and Luna admired the fact that she had a poker stick in one hand and a light dome in the other.
“Please, tell me that one of you is the owner,” the human said and raised her weapons of choice.
“That would be me,” Luna replied and rested a hand on her daughter’s shoulder. With reluctance clearly written in her every move, Vega stepped aside for her to enter. She stopped just a couple of steps in and looked around. Nothing was broken or out of place. Huh, a good sign, she supposed.
“Oh!” the human exclaimed. “Alas! Someone who can answer my bloody questions! Now, do I need to bash someone’s head in, or can I put this stuff down?”
“I rather that you put them down, but if they give you some semblance of safety, you may hang on to them.” The human glanced down at her hands and scowled.
“Would it even matter?”
“Would you like the truth? Or what you want to hear?” The female eyes, which were a vibrant green with specks of dark hazel, flashed.
“The truth.”
“Very well.” She paused, and then shrugged. “No, it wouldn’t matter.”
“Of course,” the female muttered. “I can’t even see my own damn hand in the dark.”
“If it makes you feel any better, the dome that you’re holding is a light source.”
She blinked and lifted said dome. “What? This thing?”
“Yes.” Luna paused. “If you feel around, there is a button that you may click on and off.”
“Well, why didn’t anyone tell me that in the first place!?” she exclaimed and dropped the poker stick to the floor. She felt around the light dome, until she found what she was looking for. Luna lifted her arms, closing her eyes as she buried her face in them. She heard the click, a split second before she felt the heat of the light. Since the basement wasn’t fully lit up, and she wasn’t standing, say, in sunlight, she didn’t scream in agony or slowly combust into a pile of ash right where she stood. The human let out a gasp, and reluctantly, she dropped her arms and slowly opened her eyes. She held back an amused chuckle at the sight of the human, her eyes wide with shock and wonderment. “You have wings.” Luna glanced at her own silver wings and nodded before she enclosed herself in them.
“Yes, we do.”
“You have wings,” the human repeated and blinked rapidly for several seconds.
“Mm-hmm.”
“May I…” She hesitated, and then took in a deep encouraging breath. “May I touch them?”
“Hmm, I suppose,” Luna said thoughtfully and scowled as she felt hands on her wings.
“Let me,” Vega said and dropped her hand. She walked toward the human, who eyed them all cautiously. Still scowling, the chancellor folded her arms and leaned back against Arunika, who had moved up behind her. Vega stopped in front of the human and ignored the light as she brought one of her wings forward. The human brought her hand up and hesitated for a brief moment, before reaching out and tentatively brushing her fingers against one of the flight feathers. After a minute, she took a step forward and ran a hand along the wing.
“It’s so warm.”
Vega nodded. “We tend to run very hot,” she replied through a wash of pain that she kept buried behind a calm mask of stoicism.
“I can tell by the heat radiating off you, even from across the room.” The human admired the female nairue’s wing for another couple of minutes, before dropping her hand and taking a step back. Vega folded her wings tight to her back and slowly made her way to her mother’s side. “What are you people?”
“I’m a nairue,” Vega said and turned to face the human. “You can tell us apart from others by our hair, skin, and eye color.” The young nairue pointed to her own eye and squinted. “The silver ringing our irises is the giveaway.” The human nodded. “We can see perfectly in total darkness.”
“You said others, who are the others?”
“The redari, and the endahli. They have wings like we do, but different colors as well as their hair and skin. The redari have gold ringing their irises, and the endahli… well, they look like humans except for their sky-blue wings.” Luna smiled and rested a hand on her daughter’s arm. “Huh?”
“I think you need to slow down a little.”
Vega frowned. “What? There’s not much to take in.”
“Human,” she reminded her softly, gently. “Let us sit.” Arunika nodded and closed the door behind her. Luna walked over to the black recliner and sat as her daughter and Arunika took up the couch. She gestured for the wide-eyed human to sit and waved her hand around the room. “Sit wherever you like.” There wasn’t much to see in the basement. There was a small fireplace at the far left-hand corner of the room with a recliner nearby, a couch against the wall just to the left of the door, a small square oak wood table in front of it, a writing desk opposite the fireplace, and a bookshelf lining up the right side of the room. Across the door that led back upstairs were two more doors. Luna eyed them out the corner of her eye and hoped the human hadn’t been in there. If she had, she was most likely guaranteed to injure herself. Since she couldn’t scent any blood and the human hadn’t looked like she was in pain of any kind, she was seventy-five percent certain that she hadn’t explored much. The human walked over to the desk and pulled out a chair. She turned it around so that it faced the entire room and sat with a dramatic huff. “Let’s step back a bit,” Luna said and nodded to herself. “This is Vega and Arunika,” she continued and pointed to each one in turn. “And I’m Luna Rayne, chancellor of my people.” She eyed the human thoughtfully and inclined her head. “and… you are…?”
“Naomi Valentina.” She nodded and leaned back on the recliner, her hands folded atop her stomach.
“And how did you end up here? Mind you, you’re not the first human to drop on us out of the blue, but it rarely, if ever, happens.” Naomi frowned, turning the light dome in her hands around and around as she pursed her lips in thought.
“Oh no,” Vega said and leaned forward. “Please, tell me that you remember how you got here.”
“I do,” Naomi said and looked around at all of them. “but you won’t believe me.”
“Try us.”
She nodded and took in a deep breath. “I fell through a mirror.”
Luna blinked. “I beg your pardon?”
“Really, I did. I fell through a mirror.”
“Explain.”
“I was working at one of my dig sites. I’m an archeologist, you see. I found a cave, and I went exploring, of course.”
“And you found a mirror in the cave?” Vega asked, and she couldn’t help but be a little intrigued by it. Naomi nodded and leaned back in her chair, the light dome still rotating clockwise between her hands.
“It was ornate, gilded and everything. It didn’t look like it belong there, you know? So, I went and got a closer look at it. There were inscriptions on the bottom, written in Sanskrit.”
“Let me guess, you recited them aloud.”
“More or less.”
Vega nodded and looked at her mother with a frown. “A portal?” she asked and rose to her feet. “How did that mirror end up there? Hell, is it still there?” she asked and began to pace around the basement.
“Where was this cave?” Luna asked the human and stood. She crossed the room and opened the writing desk drawer, pulling out a notepad and a black tracer. She set them on the desk and gestured to them. “Do you remember the inscriptions, word for word?” The human nodded and turned to the desk. She pulled a thin veil of shadows around herself and stepped to the side of the desk as the human set down the light beside the notepad.
“It was in the middle of nowhere in Arizona,” Naomi said and picked up the tracer with curious interest. She pulled the cap off and eyed the tip dubiously.
“That is called a tracer,” Vega said and came to a stop behind her chair. “Think of it as one of those jell pen some of you guys like to use.” She nodded and opened the notepad to the first page. “The paper is thermal. It’s like liquid writing; it moves so smoothly and with ease.” She shrugged. “You wouldn’t know that your hand is moving until you look down at it. Also, unlike the ink from a regular pen, this one will stick.”
“Do you use quill and ink, too?”
“Yes, we do, but with parchment paper instead of thermal.”
“It’s amazing,” Naomi said and began to write. “I still can’t wrap my head around the first stuff that you people told me.”
The young nairue smirked and patted her shoulder. “Don’t worry, you’ll get used to it in no time.”
“Give me a year, then we’ll talk.”
“Done.”
“Well, we’ll leave you to it,” Luna said and pushed from the wall that she was leaning against. “Would you like anything to eat? To drink?”
“A glass of water would be fine.” She nodded and walked to the door that led back upstairs. She glanced over her shoulder and opened the door.
“You may explore, if you like. Please, don’t open doors that are closed.” She slowly went up the steps as she watched the human work. “And do not venture outside. It is freezing beyond belief.”
“Colder than Alaska’s winter?”
Luna smiled. “Yes.” With that, she willed the door close and melded with the shadows. She had two nairue males to interrogate, and she wasn’t going to wait any longer, damn it.


* * * * * *



21

Aria was somewhere in the between. She was floating in a bubble of her own, half out of her body and half with reality. She squinted, feeling as if she was seeing things through a hot thin film of plastic, the heat creating a three hundred-and-sixty degrees mirage-like affect. She reached up and closed her eyes as she rubbed at her temples. She was standing in the middle of her driveway, the light breeze caressing her face as she opened her eyes and tilted her head back to look up at the full blue moon in the sky. Rage simmered just under her skin, and her fingers felt hot as she willed the claws pushing against her fingertips—like ten needles being inserted under her nails—to remained hidden. She glanced at her arm, the dried blood clinging to her skin the only sign that she had clawed herself open mere minutes ago. It was either that or rip the nearest person apart. Since she no longer had any prisoners to play with, there was no one else to inflict harm on, other than herself, and there was no way in hell she was going to take her rage out on someone such as her daughter. She needed answers and standing in her driveway wasn’t going to get her anywhere. With a deep intake of the frigid air, she dropped her hands and looked around. The night was silent and still. She didn’t even hear a single wagon being pulled down the streets, the sound of approaching carriages, or the rustling of animals in the nearby forest. She inclined her head, and then smiled as her ears picked up the chirping sound of a teaky. Behind her, the door opened, and she turned as her daughter stepped outside, pulling the door shut with a resounding thump. She looked her over and smirked. Dressed in all white, Hope ran to her side, a light blue backpack clutched in one hand. “I see that you’re ready to go,” she said softly and ruffled her daughter’s unruly white-blonde hair.
“I have everything,” Hope said, barely able to keep her excitement contained as she looked around. “Where is father?”
“He’ll meet us there.” Aria lifted her off her feet, and she smiled as her daughter wrapped one arm around her neck. With one last look around, she pulled shadows to her and vanished as she streaked into the night.
“What the fuck, man?” Siro grabbed the idiot male by the throat and hauled him up against his body.
“Close your wings,” he growled. “Now.”
“Release him!” a female hissed from behind him. Siro silently snarled and spun to face the newcomer, taking the nairue male with him.
“And who may you be?”
“I’m his friend. Now, release him.” Standing twenty feet away was a female dressed in light purple, her white-blonde hair just a few inches passed her shoulders, and her silver-dark blue eyes calculating. Siro released his hold and backed up a step. He spun the male around as he pulled a tendril of shadow to him. It whipped through the air, and he smiled as the male let out a yell as his wings were forced to fold tight to his back. The tendril tightened, and he jerked, hissing as he snarled in pain. Before Siro could do more, Aria—their daughter in her arms—materialized from the darkness.
“Oh,” she said happily. “what do we have here?” Hope struggled, and her mother smiled before setting her onto her feet. The youngling shot the two unknown nairues a scathing look before she ran off, snow flurries billowing around her as she disappeared. There was a crack, and Aria looked to the other female, even as a solar stick came at her with lightning speed. She stood there, a manic grin forming as it struck her in the chest. It broke on contact, and a laugh escaped her as light exploded on and around her. It seared into her skin, and she let out a strangled scream, even as she continued to laugh. “Oh, that tickles. That really tickles.” She giggled and fell face first into the four feet of snow. She rolled around in the white stuff, even as her insides began to cook her from the inside out.
“What is wrong with you?” the female asked incredulously. Aria popped up from the snow, and she was no longer laughing. She rushed the female, taking her down with a feral snarl. The nairue screamed as fangs tore into her neck and claws slashed at her wings, easily slicing into them as if they were made from tissue paper instead of blood, flesh and bones. She growled, snarling as her sharp teeth crunched into cartilage and bones. The female struggled under her, shrieking as Aria raked her claws down her sides. The ribs snapped under her hands, and she lifted her head, a rattling hiss escaping her throat as she pushed off the female and ripped open her stomach. Her hands were deep inside the gaping hole before the female registered that she was down a liver and missing the lower portion of her spinal cord. An arm came up and tried to push her away, but Aria was not moving until she was dead. Her jaws unhinged, and the female’s bloodcurdling shrieks grew strained as she found her arm halfway down Aria’s throat. Her jaws snapped shut, and her eyes were a vibrant red as she swallowed the severed limb. In a heartbeat, she was her snake self, and she coiled around the female, her mouth opening wide until she was able to fit her entire head in. The female’s shriek abruptly cut off as Aria’s snapped her mouth shut, severing the head from the shoulders. Huh, Aria thought and buried her head inside the very dead female’s stomach.
“Okay,” Siro said and knelt beside her. “that’s enough, sweetheart.” But I’m not done eating, she telepathically complained. “We don’t have all night for you to take your time.” Aria sighed and reluctantly pulled her head out. Fine, she silently grumbled and slithered off the body. “How’s your stomach?” It will be fine after I burp a few times. Siro shook his head, amused. “Change back once you’re ready. For now, follow me.” Where is the male? She silently asked as she followed him into the woods. “I ate him.” Oh, okay then. He chuckled and turned down a narrow trail that led to a small, grimy building up ahead. “This looks cozy,” he mused, and she snorted as she made her way to Hope. The youngling looked down and smiled.
“I sensed a dozen of them inside,” she said and looked around. “Three of them are females.”
“Good,” Siro said slowly and smirked. “That is… good.” I want at least one of them alive, Aria said serenely into their minds. I need someone to play with, she continued, a pout clear in her mental voice. Hope crouched and patted the snake, rubbing her cheek against the hot, smooth scales. Aria purred, and she smiled at the sound of her daughter’s giggles.
“Snakes don’t purr,” she said and straightened. Well, Aria said with a huff. This one does.
“Sneak inside and see what you can find out,” Siro said and gave Hope a one-arm hug. “We’ll be there in a minute.” The youngling nodded, bent to pat the snake one last time, and then ran around to the back of the building.
Hope came to an abrupt stop and eyed the female that came out the back door. She clenched her hands into fists and took in a slow breath through her nose. She took a deeper breath through her mouth and relaxed her hands. “Miss?” she called and walked up to her. “Can you help me? I’m lost.” She did her best to look innocent, and she must’ve pulled it off, because the female stopped and turned to look at her.
“Where are your parents?” the female asked, looking a little… irritated. Hope wanted to punch her nose into her brain, but she held back the urge and shrugged instead. “How did you come to be here?” she asked and narrowed her silver-brown eyes suspiciously down at the youngling. Hope shrugged and looked around. Seeing, and sensing no one nearby other than her parents, she launched herself at the female. She, sadly, didn’t hit the ground like she wanted her to. Hope wrapped her arms and legs around her, tightening her grip as her needle-sharp fangs struck deep, fast, and hard into the shocked female’s throat. The youngling pumped her poison in fast, and she pulled back, smiling as the nairue began to seize and fall backward. A strangled wheeze escaped her throat, and Hope sprang off her as the body began to smoke.
“A little overkill there, hmm?” Aria asked as she stepped naked from the shadows. She reached out a hand and gently grabbed her daughter by the upper arm, pulling her back as the body ignited. Blue flames shot toward the sky, then quickly dispersed as a gust of wind slammed into them. Hope would have fallen, if her mother hadn’t been holding on to her arm.
“Okay,” Siro said with a heavy sigh and dropped the lifeless body of another male to the snow. “let’s get inside.” She nodded and grinned as she bounded for the back door.
“I hope you have the answers that we want,” the youngling sang under her breath and pulled open the door. With one last look around, she ducked inside and pulled the door silently shut behind her.
Myra wiped down the bar with a clean white towel and looked to the door as it opened with a cheery chime. She prayed that it wasn’t someone she knew. It was a little after closing time, and she really didn’t want to serve anymore of her patrons. Torrential rain obscured the dark figure that stood in the doorway, and she frowned as she peered at whoever it was. “I take it that you’re the bartender, Myra?” a sweet female voice asked and stepped inside, letting the door slam shut behind her.
“Who is asking?” The figure walked toward the bar and pulled her hood down to reveal white-blonde hair, snow-white skin and silver, ice-blue eyes. Myra’s breath caught in her throat as she stared at her.
“Judging by your reaction, I will assume that you know who I am.” Who didn’t? the endahli thought to herself and gulped. The chancellor of the nairue race pulled up a barstool and sat, never taking her eyes off her.
“Yes,” Myra finally said after a minute of silence. “I know who you are.” She hesitated and released her grip on the towel. “My mother has spoken of you often. Can I get you anything to drink?”
“Good things, I hope? And no, thank you.” The endahli nodded, wishing she had something to keep her hands busy, other than repeatedly wiping down the bar. A cold chill washed over her, her stomach feeling hollow and empty as she tried to swallow. Her mouth was dry, and she could all but feel her heart hammering against her chest. “A little birdie told me that you were the one I need to seek out about a certain… matter.” Oh, she thought and gulped. This wasn’t good. “I need to find Aurora and Althea. I was hoping you would point me in the right direction.”
“They’re my friends,” Myra said and gripped the bar. “I can’t just tell you where to find them.” She paused and took in a deep breath. “I won’t betray them.”
“Well, now,” the chancellor said and smiled. “Look at you, a loyal friend to the core.” She chuckled. “Unlike so many I know.” She glanced around the small bar and sighed. “But then again, I come from a very, very long line of backstabbers.” One of her hands disappeared from her line of sight, and Myra stiffened, holding her breath as she came up with something cupped in her palm. “Hold out your hand.” She slowly did as she was told, and then blinked as the chancellor dropped what looked like two silver marbles into her hand. They were hot to the touch, and she could feel the magic that pulsed from them. “Those are my summoning stones. Give Aurora and Althea one of them. Tell them I wish to speak to them, and when they are ready, one of them need to simply crush the stones. I will come to them, and if I cannot, tell them to have a calling mirror on hand.” The endahli nodded and pocketed the stones. “I’d like to speak to them as soon as possible.”
“How… soon is soon?”
“The third cycle of the moon at the latest.”
She nodded. “And… if you don’t hear from them by then?”
“Then I’ll be paying you another visit.” Her expression remained stoic, but Myra wasn’t fooled in the slightest.
“I’ll give these to them after I lock up.”
The chancellor nodded and stood. “See that you do,” she said, and the endahli instinctively snatched four rulik out of the air. She didn’t even see her move, and she swallowed hard as she watched the door open and close; the bell above it chiming out a cheery tune in contrast to her somber mood as she dropped the rulik into her pocket.
Luna stood in the middle of a rainstorm and inhaled the scent of… well, rain, into her lungs. She loved the rain, and it was practically the only thing that she liked about Mirinia. The sun, on the other hand, could go fuck itself for all she cared. While Mirinia was climate and wet, Rislyn was cold and equally as wet, if not more so. As for Shiarelle, that damn dimension was hot, humid, and blazing like the noon sun at its highest peak. Just thinking about it made her want to squeeze her eyes tightly shut against the stinging pain. She cursed under her breath as they began to water. She had been to Shiarelle several times throughout the centuries, and for as long as she live, she was never, ever going to get use to just how glaringly bright that dimension was. She wondered, vaguely, how Vanessa felt every time she hopped dimensions over to Rislyn. One of these days… or nights, she was going to have a sit-down with the other chancellors and just talk about nonpolitical shit over a cup of… julas, or something. With a sigh, Luna blinked rain from her eyes and walked down the narrow path to what looked like a stream up ahead. Sticker bushes lined either side of the pathway, and she was careful not to brush up against any of them. “Do you think she’ll do as she says?” Vega asked from behind her. She moved up to her side as they stepped onto dark green grass. “I mean, she’s a bartender.”
“Hmm,” Luna said and walked down the small slope that led to the water. “She’ll do it. She’s not stupid.” Her feet sank into cool clear water, and she sighed contentedly as she lowered herself to the ground. Vega dropped down beside her and pulled her backpack onto her lap. She opened it and pulled out a bottle of Chiller. She set it in front of her mother and pulled out a small, insolated container. She popped it open and brought out what looked like plastic-wrapped, colorful ice blocks. They were popsicles, just without the sticks, and the proper ingredients that humans use to make them. Luna picked up a blue one and tore it open. She pushed it halfway out of the wrapper and stuck the corner of it into her mouth, breaking off a piece as she bit into it. The mixed flavors of blueberries, blackberries, leelo berries, and more that she couldn’t name, burst in her mouth, and she welcomed the numbing of her brain that followed a second later.
“Did you kill them?” Vega asked and bit into a purple freeze.
“Hmm?”
“The two idiots that we have locked up.”
“Oh, no, I did not. Though, I did snap the neck of one of them. I didn’t stay to watch him wake.” Her daughter sighed and glowered at her. “What?” she asked and bit off a larger chunk of her freeze, rolling it around in her mouth as it began to melt.
“I wanted to do it.”
Luna swallowed and chuckled. “Go for it, but don’t kill them. Yet.”
“Have you been keeping tabs on Aria?”
“Mm-hmm. They have infiltrated one of the Black Hand smaller bases.”
“How many do they have?”
She shrugged. “at least two on each dimension, but their main headquarters is on Rislyn, of course.”
“Of course,” Vega said dryly and popped the last bite of freeze into her mouth. “I wonder what the Hand is benefitting from all this.”
“Who knows,” Luna said with a heavy sigh. She picked up her bottle of Chiller and cracked it open. She drained half of the bottle, shuddering as the liquid settled like a block of ice in her belly. “I just want the mastermind behind whatever ‘this’ is.” Her daughter nodded and pulled out a glossy, four-by-six-inch white box from her backpack. “What is that?”
“Solar sticks.” She shook it, tossing it into the air and catching it effortlessly. “Well, to be more precise, they’re more like solar balls. They’re the size of a gumball; the kind humans get by sticking a quarter into the machine and twisting the knob.”
Luna smiled and shook her head with amusement. “I know what a gumball is. No need to explain.”
Vega snorted. “I was just making sure.”
“Mm-hmm.” Her daughter opened the box, and she leaned forward to get a good look at them. They were a yellowish-orange color, and she frowned as she reached out and picked one up, rolling it between her fingers. “Mini grenades,” she mused and stared at the tiny red pin. Vega nodded and took the ball from her, dropping it back into the box. She closed it and put the box along with the insolated container into the backpack. “How much were they?”
“I got them for two thousand terrum. Well, five thousand.” Luna arched an eyebrow and inclined her head. “I bought more solar gadgets.”
“Are you planning to become a walking, talking armory?”
She snorted. “No,” she said slowly and eyed her mother cautiously. “but being prepared for anything is better than not being prepared.”
“How much do you have on your chip stick,” Luna asked with an exasperated sigh and the roll of her eyes.
“All my currencies are still in the hundred thousand,” she said and gave her arm a reassuring pat. “Don’t worry about me.”
“Humph, I’m your mother. My job is to worry.”
“Maybe, but whose fault is it I’m the way that I am?” Luna growled, and her daughter only smiled, chuckling as she got to her feet. “Come on, let’s go.” Luna reluctantly pushed herself to her feet, draining the rest of her drink as she stepped out of the water. She glanced down and eyed the plastic wrapper of melted freeze. With a shrug, she tilted her head back and poured the contents down her throat. She crumbled up the wrapper and stuck it in her pocket. “More sightseeing?”
“Sure, I’ll tag along wherever you wish to go.” Vega nodded and led her back the way they came. Luna smiled and allowed herself to drift away, the sound of birdsong lulling her as she followed in her daughter’s wake.


* * * * * *



22

Hope yelped as something smacked her upside the head. The world spun around her, and she cursed as she hit the ground hard. Tears filled her vision, and she angrily wiped them away as she jumped to her feet. Staying low, she rushed the male that charged at her. She ran into his legs, wrapping her arms around them as his momentum took over. He went flying as she lifted him over her head and slid forward on her knees. At that moment, she was glad that her father had trained her in all manners of combat, as well as subtlety, stealth and assassination. She was still learning, and since her mother was no longer imprisoned, she was learning much more than she had realized. Not all younglings were taught the art of combat, but then again, not all younglings were raised by a family of assassins, were the daughter of a faction leader, or came from a long line of delusional psychopaths. Hope jumped to her feet and spun around, her fist connecting with the furious male’s stomach. A sword swooshed through the air, and the youngling grinned as his head went flying across the room. “Touch my daughter and die,” Aria all but purred as she solidified fully and sheathed her sword at her back. “Are you all right?” Hope nodded and rubbed the side of her head, and then jumped aside as she felt the rushing wind of an oncoming attack. Her mother bared her teeth and growled low in her throat as she launched herself upward. She drove a sidekick into another Black Hand member, snapping his head back and dropping him. She landed on his chest, and Hope again jumped aside as someone came up behind her. She spun and leapt into the air, propelling herself forward and onto a female, who looked nervous as she raised a solar dagger. There was a snap, and she winced as her father broke the arm holding the dagger. She let out a scream of pain as Siro caught the deadly weapon and drove it deep into the side of her neck. She fell, taking Hope with her as she convulsed. The youngling rolled off her and sat up in time to see her father eviscerating another male. Three more Black Hand members solidified into view, and red-hot rage consumed her as one of them grabbed her mother and sent her careening headfirst into the wall. She pushed herself to her feet and ran to the hole. She slipped outside and moved with lightning speed toward the grappling figures. Before she could reach her mother and the fucker that threw her, however, a scream tore from the youngling as someone grabbed her wings, crushing tendons and bones as they yanked them as far back as they would go, and then some. She struggled uselessly against nothing but air. Whoever had a hold of her was smart enough not to get close. She screamed in pain and rage as she was propelled high into the sky. She looked down and snarled as a dozen more Black Hand members engaged her parents in a deadly dance of death.
“Sorry, kiddo,” a female said from her right. Before she could turn her head, hands closed around her throat and slowly squeezed. “We can’t have you calling out for help.” The sound of bones snapping in her wings was loud in her ears as tears streamed down her cheeks. Arms came around her, and she shrieked as she was hauled up against a body. The female paused and looked down. “The Vipers are here. We need to go. Now.”
“Hurry up and cage her,” a male said from behind her. “or knock her out.” The female sighed, and her fingers flexed around the youngling’s neck. Far below, the Viper and the Black Hand fought furiously, snarling and hissing as they tried very hard to kill each other.
“Let’s go,” someone hissed as four more nairues appeared. They surrounded her as Aria’s enraged scream reached her. The female removed her hands from around her neck, and a ball of shadow slammed into the youngling’s face. What felt like a veil flowed into her mind, and she silently screamed as an impenetrable barrier closed around her. Her vision went dark, her mind fogged over, and the feeling of being numb washed over her entire body.
“Sorry, kid,” the female whispered as they jumped into the ether.
Aria screamed as pure, unadulterated rage consumed her. She lunged for the nearest nairue and took him down hard. She didn’t bother to kill him slow. Instead, she buried her claws into the side of his neck and ripped off his head. She grabbed the head by the hair and jumped to her feet. She spun and threw it with all the strength she could muster. It hit another Black Hand member, knocking him into the wall. She jumped and smashed into the ceiling, her wings flapping furiously as she rose high into the sky. She tore open a rip between dimensions and flew through it, Karis hot on her trail. The moment she was through, she hit the ground running. She ran, her wings lifting her several inches off the ground as they propelled her through the air. She homed in on her daughter, a sibilant hiss escaping her as she launched herself onto a roof of a shop. They’re going to Teylunzar. Siv’s voice rang out in her mind, and Aria smiled as she ripped open another portal. I’ve severely injured some of the Vipers. She mentally nodded and jumped into the portal. She had seen Siv take down some of her own people, but that was only one of the risks of going undercover. Are they coming around? She asked into Siv’s mind. They are, she replied. Slowly. I’m still working my way through their ranks. The leader is very suspicious. As enraged as she was, Aria had to smile a little at that. As he very well should be, she drawled and made her way down the streets of Teylunzar. Keep me updated. I will, Siv said and was gone. “And now,” Aria said aloud to herself. “Someone is going to die. Multiple someones. Slowly and painfully,” she finished with a snarl. Somewhere in the shadows, half a dozen of her elite assassins kept their silence as they followed her every move, ready to jump in at any given moment. She took in a deep, deep breath, taking in the scents of the ones that had her daughter and imprinting them into her brain. She was covered in blood and gore, and she didn’t give two shits who saw her as she turned down a street. She stopped and eyed the building up ahead thoughtfully. After a moment, she inclined her head and concentrated on the buzzing sensation in her blood. She zeroed in on her daughter and smiled as the thread of energy led directly to the light blue and white building. She took in a deep breath and resisted the urge to go right in with guns blazing. She shook herself and melded with the shadows. It was a good thing, because a second later, two guards came into view, their eyes on alert for anything. She snarled, and instead of taking them out, she turned and made her way to the door of another building and slipped inside. Other than several dusty metal lockboxes stacked on top of each other on several shelves that lined the grey walls, there was nothing interesting to look at. Not unless one liked dust bunnies, cobwebs, and several cracks in the ceiling where dirty ice water leaked through. Aria peered at the shelves and wondered what in the world’s hell could be in those boxes. Mentally shaking her head, she solidified and walked to the small window. She looked out and glared at the building across the street, growling low in her throat. Her hold on her urges to kill, to rend, to smash the window, to rescue her daughter, were becoming harder and harder to resist as the seconds ticked by. Enraged as she was, she knew better than to go in without a plan in mind. The shadows rippled around her, and she almost stabbed Siro with a claw as he appeared. As it was, his hands were firmly on her arms, holding them tight to her sides before pulling her into his embrace.
“We’ll get her back,” he said reassuringly to her and tightened his hold.
“Is the battle over?” she asked and turned in his arms.
“Yes,” he replied and ran a hand up and down her back. “Jayna is seeing over the cleanup and airlifts to the medical center for the unconscious ones.” She nodded and snuggled into him. “Karis,” he continued and didn’t bother to look for the assassin. “see what’s happening across the street.”
“Got it,” Karis said from the general direction of the door. “A hundred stealth and zero engaging?”
“Yes, and if you are caught, pull out immediately.”
“Yes, sir. I’ll relay everything to you both telepathically as I go.” He nodded as Aria reluctantly pulled away.
“What are you doing?” Siro asked cautiously as Karis silently left the building.
“Nothing,” she said with a heavy sigh. “I’m contacting the chancellor. I was told to inform her if…” She didn’t finish, instead, she walked over to the only table and eyed the very unstable, very dusty thing dubiously. Scowling, she kicked it, sending it crashing into the opposite wall, where it smashed into splinters. Dust exploded into the air, hanging there like dancing motes.
“Feel a little better?”
“Not even close,” she growled and glared at the floor, as if it had somehow offended her. With a deep, resigned sigh, she pulled out a pocket-sized mirror and ran her fingers over the cool, reflective surface. “Well, there is no point in holding off any longer. Let’s hope she’s in a good mood.” With that, she mentally reached out and lightly knocked on the chancellor’s metaphorical door. Aria, Luna said into her mind. What a pleasant surprise. She winced and took in a deep breath. Is everything all right? Shit, she thought and glanced at Siro, who came over and wrapped an arm around her waist. A second later, Luna materialized in front of them and arched an eyebrow. She looked around and smiled.
“This is, uh… a nice place to meet up,” she said sarcastically. “What happen? You didn’t want me to join in the slaughtering of brainless, power-hungry assholes?”
“They have Hope,” Siro said and braced himself for anything that was to come. Her smile vanished, and Aria felt her insides quiver with trepidation. The silence stretched on for what seemed like an eternity to her as she held her breath.
“I… see,” Luna said softly and turned to the window. She looked out and studied the building across the street. “Is she in there?” Aria nodded. “Hmm,” she said and inclined her head thoughtfully. “You were smart not to rush in after her.”
“I thought about it,” she growled and crossed her arms.
“Let’s see what your second can do from the inside.” Luna turned from the window and closed the short distance between them. She cupped Aria’s chin in her hot hand and tilted her head back slightly, until she was looking her in the eye. “I know how badly you want to go in after her, but let’s play it smart a little longer. I assure you that Siv will do everything she can to help your daughter. I know this to be true. You know this, too.” Aria glared at her, but after a long minute of silence and furious thinking on her part, she let out a sigh and reluctantly nodded.
“Okay,” she said with a huff. “Okay, I’ll wait.” Luna dropped her hand and nodded. “But I want something to take out my rage on. I seem to have a lot of that, lately.” The chancellor inclined her head in acknowledgement, nodding as a portal popped into existence beside her. She and Siro eyed it cautiously, and Luna smiled as she waved a hand toward it.
“Go on,” she said coaxingly. “I promise it doesn’t lead into a cesspool of poisonous scorpions or anything like that.”
“Where does it lead to?” Siro asked suspiciously.
“Boy, aren’t you two the suspicious bunch.” She sighed and stepped into the portal.
“You first,” Aria said and gave him a push. Siro withdrew his arm from around her and frowned at the portal, before shrugging and stepping through it. It’s okay, he said into her mind a second later. Come on through. Aria took one last look around the abandon storage building and let her arms dropped to her sides as she scowled. She took in a deep breath and jumped through the portal. It silently vanished the moment she was through it. Hands grabbed her upper arms, holding her upright as she gathered herself.
“You all right?” Luna asked and gave her arm a light squeeze. She nodded, and she had to smile a little as they slowly released her. She looked around the mostly empty room and frowned. Where the hell was she? “This is my portal room.” Ah, she thought and nodded. The only things in the room were the two small Cherrywood side tables. Sitting on top of the one nearest to the door was a blue transparent crystal cut glass candy bowl. It was filled with individually wrapped licoe bars. They tasted like coco butter, hazelnut and Irish cream. Aria stole a few and gave Luna an innocent look, even as she unwrapped one of them and stuck it into her mouth. It made a crunching sound as she bit into it, cream bursting on her tongue. “You’re welcome,” the chancellor said and chuckled with amusement. She held up the four bars in her other hand and nodded.
“Mm-hmm, thank you,” she said around the one in her mouth. Luna shook her head and opened the door. She grabbed a bar and led the two from the room. They stepped into a cozy living space, and she sighed as her feet sank into plush carpet. She wriggled her toes and grinned as she bit off another chunk of her candy. She slowly chewed and glared at a bobbing light source coming toward them. Before she could ask about it, she felt her stomach bottom out as Luna pulled them into the ether and back out a few seconds later.
“Sorry about that,” the chancellor said and caught her before she could do a header with the floor. “I have a human guest, and I didn’t want her to see you two the way you are.” She swallowed her mouthful of candy and looked down at herself. She was covered in blood and who knew what else.
“oh my. I’m a mess.”
Luna chuckled. “Yes, yes you are.” She nodded to the room they were standing in. “Welcome to my, uh, torture chamber.” She pointed to one of the two doors. “It’s a connecting door. It’ll take you to the two nairues I have chained up.” Her finger pointed to the door behind them. “This one takes you to my basement.” Aria and Siro nodded. “I don’t have to tell you to be careful, do I?” She shook her head. “Remember, I have a human walking around. I advised against scaring her. I need to find out more before you can, oh, take a bite out of her or something.” Aria gave her a pout and stuck the last bite of licoe into her mouth. “Aria, behave.”
“Fine,” she said with a disappointed sigh.
“If I hear a scream that doesn’t belong, I will not be happy.”
She placed a hand over her heart and gave a dramatic bow. “I give you my word that I will not harm a hair on the human.”
Luna rolled her eyes, giving her head a shake. “I guess that’s good as it going to get. I’ll just have to take your word for it.”
“I’ll really give you my word, if you like.”
“No, no need.” She nodded and walked over to one of the tables. She set down her candy bars and picked up a thin blade.
“I think we have it from here.” Luna nodded and smiled to herself as she walked to the door that led from the chambers. “Do you need any of them alive?” The chancellor paused, her hand on the doorknob as she looked back at them.
“You may kill one of them.” Aria let out an excited squeal, and she all but hopped in place as she perused the torture implements laid out before her. Luna smiled, chuckling to herself as she exited the room.


* * * * * *



23

“Jezebel?” At the sound of her name, the female nairue straightened from her crouch and pulled back on the shadows. Luna strode toward her, traversing her way around crumbling stones, bent metals of steel, cables and hanging beams. She hopped over a waist-high stone wall and landed next to the silver-pale green-eyed female. “Keeping out of the way?” Jezebel nodded and shoved her hands into the pockets of her black pants. “Where is Alessia?”
“In there, somewhere.” She looked around, and Luna smiled, knowing exactly who she was looking for.
“Zehana and Sagan are with me.”
“Where is Hunter?”
“With Vega. Not to worry, I now have you.” She frowned, but she nodded as her eyes scanned their surroundings. Except for the destroyed building that some of the Black Hand members were using as their operation base, there was nothing interesting, unless one considered the surrounding woods as something interesting. Nature lovers might find it so, she supposed, but she wasn’t one of them.
“Siv doesn’t look like she’s enjoying hurting her own people,” Jezebel mused, and then smirked as the assassin in question made her way outside. Luna glanced at Siv and inclined her head in thought.
“Wouldn’t you like to take her place,” the chancellor drawled and patted her shoulder. “Next time.”
“No,” Jezebel said and shook her head. “My place is here, with you, as your sentinel. I will kill anyone that poses a threat to you. Even that human.” Luna smiled, but she kept silent as Siv walked over to them.
“Do you have a name?” the assassin asked Luna as she came to a stop before the wall.
“I do not. Isn’t that your job to find out?”
Siv nodded. “Just thought I’d ask. Of course, nothing is ever that easy.” She sighed. “I guess I better get going, before they become even more suspicious than they already are.”
“Good luck,” Luna said, and the assassin nodded, before disappearing into the shadows and was gone.
“How long is she expected to spy on them?”
“As long as is necessary.”
“Hmm.”
“Why?” she asked and eyed her sentinel suspiciously.
“Nothing. I was just curious is all.” She shrugged. “If you don’t mind me asking, why are you here?”
“I wanted a look at the scene,” she said simply, her smile not wavering in the slightest. “Care to accompany me?” Without a word, Jezebel melded with the shadows, and the chancellor chuckled as she stepped away from the wall. Before she could walk around it to the other side, a tingle ran down her spine, and she turned as the incorporeal figure of a nairue female came into view. “Ah, you must be Mia.”
“I am, and you must be the chancellor.” The chancellor cringed inwardly and let out a weary sigh. Mia chuckled and glanced around for her feline form, which she didn’t find anywhere.
“Please, call me Luna.” She reached into the ether and snatched up the warm body of said feline. “And were you looking for her?” she asked and set the cat on the wall.
“You put her in the ether!” Mia exclaimed, spluttering indignantly as she merged with her animal form. The chancellor chuckled and scooped her up.
“Not to worry,” she reassured her and nuzzled her furry head. “I was keeping a watch on her at all times.” Mia sighed into her mind, and she smiled as she walked around to the other side of the wall. The warm furball in her arms started up on her motor, and Luna resisted the urge to squeeze her, and keep on squeezing. She made her way to the destroyed building, and she duct under a hanging beam as she made her way inside. Put me down, Mia said into her mind. She continued to purr, even as she set her down on an overturned table. So, what do you think of it so far? The chancellor straightened and looked around, taking in everything. “I think I like it,” she said and smiled as she made her way into what looked like an office at one point or another. She walked over to an overturned desk and righted it before going through the drawers.
“You know,” Jezebel said from behind her. “you have people to do that for you.”
She shrugged. “I know,” she said dryly and flipped through some papers. “but I’m not going to just sit around and do nothing. I am not one of those prissy bitches who sits in front of the mirror primping her hair and buffing her nails while giving out orders to her entourage. I’m not one of those heroines from romance novels; the type that needs to be bubble-wrapped and secreted away for her own safety. I appoint sentinels for a reason, and it’s not to just stand there and look cute. Must I remind you of this every time?” She turned and handed the stacks of paper to Jezebel, who took them with a scowl.
“Yes,” Zehana said from the doorway. “At least once a month.” The chancellor let out a heavy sigh and began to smash the desk into splinters, because it was already halfway there. She was just… helping it along. When she was done, she bent and picked up a few more scraps of paper. She straightened and held them out to Jezebel, who took them without a word. “Find anything interesting?”
“Sadly, no,” she said and exited the office, her two sentinels a step behind her. She quickly went through every room in the building, finding nothing of use as she proceeded to destroy everything in her wake. “Well,” she said with a huff. “Nothing to find here.” She kicked one of the walls, and she smiled as a nice hole formed. At least that answered some of her questions. Not all the walls were made of stone or reinforced steel. Good to know.
Back outside, Luna made her way to one of the trees and leaned against it. “Feel better?” Zehana asked as she took in everything and everyone nearby.
“A little.”
“We just want to keep you safe is all, you know.”
“I know,” she said with a deep sigh. “I know.” Luna eyed her and smirked. “Want to trade places?” she asked hopefully, and then snickered as both of her sentinels’ expressions went from placid calm to absolute horror. “I was just kidding,” she said in an audible whisper and chuckled under her breath. They watched the few remaining nairues for a moment, and Luna silently thought that they were going to die from boredom alone.
“Luna!” a female voice called out to her. She turned and watched Alessia walk toward them, a black backpack clutched in one hand. “You’ll never guess what I found,” she said dryly as she stopped in front of the chancellor. Luna took the backpack from her and frowned as she slowly opened it.
“Well, well, well,” she drawled and plucked a small clear bag of dark red powder. She held it up and eyed it critically. “What do we have here?” Jezebel whistled appreciatively as she peered into the backpack.
“It’s full of the red stuff,” Alessia mused. “I think I found them all.”
“Excellent,” the chancellor said, dropping the bag and closing it before handing it back to her. “If you find out anything more, let me know.”
“I will,” she replied and vanished into the shadows.
“Well,” Luna said with a huff. “Shall we?” Both her sentinels eyed her warily, and she smiled as she nodded to the remaining nairues.
“Oh,” Zehana said and took a couple of steps toward them. She took in a deep breath and held it. “Clear out!” she yelled to them. “This place is going to blow in five!” The cleanup crew glanced over at us, and then promptly vanished, as if they hadn’t even been there a second before. Luna arched an eyebrow, and then chuckled under her breath as she held out her hands.
“Say bomb, and they drop everything,” she muttered. “Say come here, and they freak right the fuck out.”
“You’re the chancellor,” Zehana hissed dramatically, and then leapt backward to avoid the slashing silver claws aiming for her. She gave her an evil smile as a hot ball of bluish-silver moonlight formed in her other hand. “She’s going to kill us both. For real this time.”
“Now, now,” Luna mused. “Why would I do such a thing?” she asked and threw the ball at the somewhat, still standing building. She threw a larger ball of energy at it, and they watched as it went up in flames. “About time,” she muttered and inclined her head at Zehana. “Have fun.” With a whoop, the sentinel leapt into the air, a ball of black fire already formed as she flew toward the slowly burning building.
“Be careful!” Jezebel yelled and smirked. Zehana shot her a mental middle finger, and Luna smiled as an explosion rocked the ground under their feet.
“I think that is our cue to leave.” Jezebel nodded as she ripped a hole in reality. With one last look around, they leapt through it.
Hope slowly woke with a groan of pain, because her head felt like someone had drilled spikes into her brain, and then proceeded to scrape it with something serrated. She kept her eyes closed and allowed her other senses to explore. From the coolness and the lack of something burning, she at least wasn’t in an enclosed cage with lights. She was somewhere spacious like a room. She took in a deep breath and wished she hadn’t a second later, as pain exploded inside her. Nausea rolled through her, and she did her best not to puke. Hope could feel the healing at work, but in her opinion, it was taking for-fucking-ever. She had no idea how long she had been out, but it wasn’t long. Bracing herself, she slowly opened her eyes to blissful darkness. Her heart pounded in time with the pulsing throb in her wings. As she laid there on her stomach, the pain gradually faded. When it was at a manageable level, she slowly took in a deep breath and pushed herself onto her knees. She let out a sudden yelp and fell flat on her face as something tickled her bare leg. She mentally reached out and cursed as she came in contact with a dark barrier. She ran her mental hands along it and pushed. Whoever had put up the mind block was good. With a sigh, she tentatively opened her wings. At least someone had the mind to straighten them out, realigning everything before the healing process began. Of course, the process began immediately, but Hope was glad that she wasn’t awake for the rebreaking of bones and whatever else that needed to be done. She fluttered her midnight-blue wings and had to smile a little. She was still in pain, but it was no longer agonizing. It was more of a constant pressure thing. She felt like she was being compressed into herself as she worked her wings, stretching, fluttering, opening and closing them. She kept them in motion, even as she moved into a sitting position. She looked around and blinked at the grey walls and the black floor. Thick gold chains were bolted to the wall nearest to her, and at the far wall was a bucket of water. Beside it was a small basin. With a snort, she glanced at the floor and found what was tickling her leg. She reached out a hand and grabbed the footlong silvery-blue snake. “Hi, Siv,” Hope whispered to it and brought it up to her face. “They blocked me, so I can’t talk to you.” The snake nodded and coiled itself around the youngling’s hand. “So, are you going to stay with me?” The snake coiled itself tighter, nodding its head. She stroked a finger along its smooth scales and frowned. “I need to call you something, then. How about… Bob?” If the snake had eyelids, it would’ve blinked at her. Instead, the bright green eyeballs rolled in their sockets. “Don’t roll your eyes at me,” the youngling huffed. “It’s better than calling you ‘the snake’ all the time, you know?” She lowered the snake, and she watched as it uncoiled itself and slithered into the thickest patch of shadow. She had no idea where Siv’s viper tattoo was on her body, because it was no longer on her arm. She really wanted to know how Luna separated the snake before creating a new one to replace the old tattoo. Hope had so many questions for the chancellor, and she wondered if she would ever get a chance to ask some of them. She let out a sigh, and her ears twitched as she picked up the sound of movements outside the door. With a silent curse, she quickly got to her feet and turned to face the door. She eyed it and glared at the spot where a doorknob should’ve been. She flashed to it and ran her hand over the black wood. It tingled on contact with her palm, and she scowled as she moved back to the center of the room. She wondered if she could fade, but from all the magic in the air and the damn chains, she doubted it. Even being near the thing gave her the creeps. It made her skin crawl, knowing what the cuffs at the end of those chains were meant to do. Her fangs snapped down, and her claws sprang free as she waited. She didn’t have to wait long, because a minute later, a silver-dark-green-eyed male solidified before her.
“You’re awake,” he said and scowled at her. “Put away your fangs and claws. There’s no need for dramatics.”
“Dramatic?” she screeched. “You call this being dramatic?”
He sighed. “Calm down, kid.”
She bared her fangs at him and hissed. “Where am I?”
“You’re safe.”
“Safe?” Hope squawked. “Safe? I didn’t ask if I was safe, you idiot! I asked where I was.” One of his hands suddenly shot out, and she dodged, barely avoiding it. One of her own hands shot out, and she smiled as a claw sliced a small cut in his arm before he could move. She launched herself into the air, smiling to herself as he cursed at her.
“Come down from there,” he growled and glared up at her.
“So you can chain me? No.” She returned his glare, her silver, emerald-green eyed narrowed. “What do you want with me?”
“Nothing.”
“What do the others want with me?”
He shrugged. “I wasn’t told.”
She snorted. “If you hadn’t been told, then use your imagination. Surely, you have enough braincells to do that much?” He scowled at her, offended. How dare she talked to him as if he was a mere youngling?
“Get down here.”
“No!” she snapped, cursing as the shadows began to ripple around her. He vanished a second later, and she spun in time to drive a fist into his gut. Air escaped him in a whoosh as he grabbed her arm. She hissed and did her best to pull free. She punched him, kicked him, clawed him open, but it was no use. She couldn’t get close enough to bite him, and she really, really wanted to. She seriously wished she had her mental abilities, because she could do a lot with range attacks. Her fangs and claws could only do so much. Venom pooled on her tongue, and she pushed the tip of it against the slight protrusions behind her fangs to speed up the process. She continued kicking him and punching him with her free hand, even as he pulled her to the floor. Hope let out a mental shriek as he pulled her toward the chains. She would’ve ripped into him verbally, but she was too pissed off to form coherent words. Grunting and cursing in pain, he slammed her headfirst into the wall. She saw stars and let out a pained groan. It was all she could do to not puke as dizziness washed over her in a wave.
“Bitch,” he hissed as he quickly snapped the shackles around her wrists and ankles. “Let’s see if you can keep up that smart mouth of yours when he comes to see you,” he growled as he took a step back. Panting, she hung limp in her chains and glared at him, her eyes no longer green, but a vibrant red. “I have to admit,” he continued in a more conversational tone. “you’re a spitfire.” She straightened, the chains clinking against each other as she moved. “Nothing to say?” he asked and smirked. Oh, she had plenty to say to him, if only her mouth weren’t full of venom. She took a couple of steps forward and tilted her head back to fully look up at him. “What?” In answer, she opened her mouth and spat into his face. She smiled as a bloodcurdling scream tore from him.
“I hope it melts your brain,” she said sweetly and smiled to herself. Without another word to her, he vanished. She collapsed onto the floor and groaned as she stared up at the ceiling. “Siv?” she said in an audible whisper. “can you like, get me out of these stupid chains?” she asked as the adrenaline rush left her. Cold took its place, and she began to shake uncontrollably.


* * * * * *



24

Zehana let out a long, suffering sigh as she stared at the rust-colored door in front of her. Shaking her head, she pushed her way inside. Shelves of metal lock boxes lined the grey walls; some of them dusty, scratched up, and even dented. Two silver-ice-blue-eyed-blondes stood in the center of the storage unit, and one of them looked like she was about to pound someone’s head into a wall. “Evanna,” she said and walked over to them. “when did you get here?”
“I got here a few bells ago,” she said and glared at Vega.
“She’s pissed that she missed the battle,” Vega said and smirked. “For that matter, I’m pissed, too.”
“Humph.”
“What’s going on?” Zehana asked and eyed them thoughtfully. “What are you two doing here?”
“About to break into these boxes.”
“Why?” She asked slowly and eyed her suspiciously. Luna’s eldest niece shrugged and walked over to one of the metal boxes. She picked one up and held it out in front of her, eyeing it like it was a bomb. “They all look the same. What’s so special about this particular one?”
Evanna reached into her pocket and pulled out what looked like a keychain. “I found this on the floor just inside the door.” The sentinel held out her hand for it and caught it as she threw it at her.
“Did you come alone?” Zehana asked and studied the skull-shaped object.
“My parents and siblings are here.”
The sentinel winced. “All of them?”
Evanna grinned, nodding. “My sisters are scouting the city, my brothers are… somewhere, and my parents are with Luna and Arunika.” Zehana nodded, pocketing the keychain.
“Here’s what I don’t get,” Vega said and rolled her eyes at the cracked ceiling. “We don’t have cars.” She pointed to where the sentinel had slipped the object. “What is that doing here?”
“Souvenir from earth?”
Vega scowled. “Maybe.”
“Let’s hope that it is,” the sentinel said and smiled. “If not? Luna is going to lose her shit.”
Vega shuddered. “She already turned a city into a wasteland, and that was just after losing my father.”
“She did more than that,” Evanna said, and her expression blanked of all emotions. “You were only three when it all happened.”
“I… I know,” the younger nairue said softly and cleared her throat. “I heard that it took the entire family to keep her from…” Evanna nodded. “I finally got her to tell me the whole story two years ago.”
“It has been like… nine hundred years—give or take a few decades—since his death,” the sentinel said with a heavy sigh. “That’s why she’s half mad, you know? They’ve been together for over ten thousand years.” They winced. Vega sighed and mentally shook herself.
“Yeah,” Evanna said with a heavy sigh and turned the box she was still holding over and over in her hands.
“Are you going to open it?” the younger nairue asked.
“Everybody out. I’m going to cut through all of them. It might set off traps.” Zehana nodded and took Vega by the arm. They all stepped back out into the frigid breeze, and Evanna moved to stand just outside the opened door. She took in a deep breath and took a step away from the opening. Holding out her hands, she gathered shadows to her and willed them to flow down her arms and out of her hands. They struck everything in the building, cutting through the boxes like butter. Several small explosions could be heard, and the sentinel quickly moved Vega behind her. She didn’t complain about it, for which Zehana was glad. If anything were to happen to the daughter of her chancellor, she wouldn’t live to see the next moonrise. After a couple of minutes, the shadows dissipated to reveal blue smoke. It filled the entire doorway, and Evanna scowled, leaning forward slightly and gently sniffing at it. “Smoke bombs,” she said to the others and straightened. “Since they’re not stupid…” The three nairues blurred into action as a couple of dozen solar daggers flew through the air at them. One of them came perilously close to hitting Vega as she dodged. The passing of the dagger blew her hair back from her face, and she shuddered as she dropped to the ice.
“Fuck!” she yelled and snatched one of the weapons from the air. She jumped to her feet as a dozen Black Hand members solidified into view around them. Some of them were standing on hoverboards, not even bothering to fly themselves. The hoverboards came in all shapes, sizes and colors. Some of them had wheels, some of them had propeller blades, and most of them had built in rails. They were useful for those who didn’t want to get thrown off when their hoverboards crashed into things, or… when Vega grabbed the nearest one and yanked hard. The nairue standing on it grabbed the rail in time before he could go airborne. He righted the board and glared at her. She hopped up behind him, and it bobbed and weaved erratically under their weight. She grabbed onto one of the railings, her wings flapping as she steadied herself. The nairue in front of her turned, and she jumped into the air. Vega grabbed him by the throat and kicked his hand from the board. He snarled as she launched them into the sky. A pained hiss escaped her as his dagger bit into her side. She ignored the searing pain, hissing as her fangs snapped down and her claws sprang free. The male she was holding let out a hiss of pain as she dug them deep into his neck. She gasped as he tore the dagger free and drove it back into her. She almost lost her grip on him, and only her sheer will kept her from loosening her hold. With a snarl, she drove her own dagger into his gut. A scream tore from him as she twisted the weapon, driving it further into him. She withdrew and stabbed the needle-thin blade into his right eye. He was dead a second later. Vega dropped the twitching body and flew to her next target. She divebombed him, growling as they crashed into the ice. The burning poison slowly coursed through her, and she held back a groan of pain as her insides felt like they were liquifying one cell at a time. Vega pinned his hand—the one holding the dagger—to the ice and drove her fangs into his neck. She tore it open, snarling as she gulped down as much blood as she could before the nairue running at her reached them. The blood coursed through her like ice, and she shuddered as she pulled back. She dug her claws into his gut, but before she could stab him or eviscerate him, a mass of shadow slammed into her. She went flying, snarling as she crashed headfirst into the side of a building. Stars swam in her vision, and nausea rolled through her as she slowly and painfully gathered herself. She reached for the dagger still sticking out of her and gripped the hilt. Taking in a slow, deep breath, she braced herself and yanked the weapon free. Hot blood flew and steamed in the icy air as she let out a scream of rage and pain, even as her brain began to wander. With a growl, she got to her feet and leaned against the wall as she looked around. While she was getting her ass kicked and doing some ass kicking of her own, more sentinels had joined the fun. Some of them were members of the Caustra. They were the police force of her people, and were ones she didn’t want to go head-to-head with, in a one-on-one combat… or in a group for that matter as one of them tore into three Black Hand members. When she realized that it was Silas, a cold chill came over her. If the leader of the Caustra decided that he had to get involved, it had to be bad. Like… really, really bad.
“Here,” Sagan said, handing her an opened bottle of Chiller as he solidified next to her. “Drink up. It will help a little.” She took the drink and quickly drained it. “Better?”
“I can’t even tell the difference,” Vega said and wheezed for air.
“If you drop, I’m taking you to the medical center.”
She smirked. “Trust me,” she said and gathered shadows to her. “I won’t.” With that, she rejoined the slaughter of the remaining four Black Hand members.
Siv leaned back in her chair and tried not to doze off as she listened to the silver-dark-blue-eyed nairue droning on… and on… and… on. After a few more minutes of it, she raised her hand. She honestly had no idea what he was going on about. His words just entered one ear and out the other. All she heard was womp, womp, womp, wooooomp… and blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah. “Yes, Sana?” the male nairue drawled.
“I’m curious about something,” Siv said mildly and looked around the conference-like room they were gathered in. A plush cream-colored carpet took up half of the slate-blue stone floor, and other than the four white walls and the dark red, scratched up oval table, there was nothing of note in the room. Well, unless one counted the map of Rislyn that took up the north wall. Of course, there were no light sources of any kind to be found. She did have a mini light dome in her pocket, but no one needed to know that particular tidbit. Siv was… unimpressed by the map. As an assassin, she knew her way around. The eleven others with her were still trainees, and she couldn’t wait to meet the people that were in charge. She really needed to stab something or someone soon, because she was about ready to drive her slightly extended claws into the nearest nairue to her. She took in a deep breath and looked at the male standing across the table from her. “Why are we targeting younglings?” she asked and stared deeply into his eyes. More specifically, she thought to herself. Why Hope and Lucina? They hadn’t captured her daughter as of yet, and it was going to remained that way if she had anything to say about it. She was pretty sure that they weren’t the only two on the list. If only she could get her hands on the data crystals…
“Because,” the nairue said slowly, interrupting her train of thought. “they are weak willed.”
Siv blinked. “I beg your pardon?”
“They can easily be broken and retrained.” She tried very hard not to roll her eyes in exasperation. He was seriously going to make her pry each answer out of him, wasn’t he? Siv glanced at the others and arched an eyebrow. When they remained silent, staring blankly at her, she let out a sigh and looked back to the male she was talking to.
“For what?” she asked slowly.
He smirked. “You’ll find out in time. You’re new. Your trust has to be earned.”
“Very well,” she said and held on tight to the emotions that suddenly weld up within her. The urge to kill grew to the point where everything faded to the background, as the rush of blood and the pounding of hearts filled her ears.
“Sana?” She blinked and took in a deep breath. The nairue eyed her suspiciously and inclined his head. Her eyes refocused on him, and he could’ve sworn he saw a flash of red. It was there and gone in a heartbeat, but nonetheless, he was going to keep a close watch on her. He didn’t know her. No one did. The mystery of it all, who had recruited her? “Do you have any more questions?” he asked, as if nothing was wrong.
“No,” Siv replied and smiled to herself. “I have no further questions.”
He nodded. “Meeting’s over. Get out.” Siv stood and faded into the shadows, watching as the others filed out. She really, really wanted to devour a couple of them. With a sigh, she stepped from the shadows and slipped from the room. She walked down the hall, traversing the twists and turns until she came to a heavy steel door. The halls were the same throughout the business-like building, white walls and blue floor. The only decoration that she’d seen so far were claw marks and black stains that looked suspiciously like old blood. Siv pondered the door in front of her for a moment and reached out a hand. She pulled open the door and found half a dozen golden-tipped daggers aimed in her direction. She looked down at herself and eyed the matching light blue pants and shirt that she was wearing.
“What?” she asked casually and looked back at the prison guards. “They said that I could visit.”
“Your name?” one of them asked and glanced at his E-Net.
“Sana Arris.” He glanced back at the shifting screen and nodded.
“She’s on the list?” another asked.
“Yeah, let her through.” The guards lowered their weapons and stood aside. Siv resisted the urge to stab one of them and stepped through the door. She looked around at the grey stone walls and floor, shaking her head as she walked down the long hall. The place was… boring, to simply put it. Lining either side of the hall were black doors, and they were all, of course, closed. She inhaled deeply as she sifted through the multiple scents in the air. Finding the one that she wanted, she walked almost to the end of it and looked at the door that was to her left. There was no way to open it, so she just melded with the shadows and walked through the solid door.
Siv solidified into view, and without bothering to take in the small, cell-like room, she went straight to Hope. The youngling was curled into a ball and violently shaking as she slept. She called her snake back to her and lowered herself onto the floor. The snake slithered onto her hand and up her arm before settling into her skin. It itched as it crawled its way to her shoulder. Resisting the urge to slap herself, she reached out and placed a hand on Hope’s cheek. A hiss escaped her throat as she felt just how cold she was. The youngling wouldn’t die from Malinsk—a result of too many injections of a serum called Obsidian Ice—but it was agonizing. The sickness was basically the removal of someone’s vital core. In the case of Hope and all Nairues, it was shadow. Siv eyed the gold shackles around her wrists and growled low in her throat. If she had to guess, the youngling’s temperature was around fifty or sixty degrees. She seriously needed to remove the shackles. If even a beam of light hit her in the current state that she was in, she would go up in flames in mere seconds. Siv gathered the youngling into her arms, the chains clinking loudly in the silence. She mentally reached out and found the block around her mind. It was like running into a solid stone wall. With a sigh, she pulled back and cuddled Hope close. She reached under her shirt and pressed a hand against the youngling’s stomach, allowing her own body heat of a hundred fifteen—give or take a few degrees—to seep into her. The violent tremors eased up slightly, and Siv nuzzled her hair as she ran a hot hand up and down her back. If they were anywhere else, she would’ve channeled black fire into the youngling. The fire didn’t just destroy things, it was also used for healing if one knew what they were doing. Given how close she was to the chains, however, her manipulation of lunar and shadows were most likely unstable. She would’ve also given Hope her blood, but since they could scent spilled blood from miles away, she didn’t risk it. She was going to uncover who the leader was and pull his—or her—spine out of their ass and beat them to death with it. She actually salivated at the thought of eating someone alive. She breathed into Hope’s hair and eyed the door that was across the room. The shadows came to life, and she smiled as a nairue male appeared in front of her. “Sana?”
“Hmm?”
“What are you doing?”
“Cuddling,” Siv said and smiled into Hope’s hair. “Can I help you with something?”
“Who is she to you?”
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and wrapped her arms around the youngling as much as she could with the shirt and the chains in the way.
“Hmm?” he asked and eyed her suspiciously.
“Did you do this to her?”
“The shackling?” He shrugged. “Yeah.”
“What about the infusion?”
“That wasn’t me.” Siv reluctantly released Hope and gently lowered her to the floor. “I didn’t veil her mind, either.”
“No matter,” she said and rose to her feet. “You shackling her is a good of enough reason for me.” He blinked at her and inclined his head in question. “I think I’m done here,” she said and faded into the shadows. “Walk with me? I’ll answer your questions.”
“Your word,” the nairue said and followed her from the cell.
“Is that really necessary?” she asked as they quickly made their way outside.
“We’re assassins.”
“I know,” she said and stared at the one red and one blue moon in the night sky. They crested the hill and stopped before a huge boulder. Siv hopped onto it and let out a sigh as she sat. The male nairue lifted himself off the ground and hovered in front of her. “I give you my word that I’ll answer your questions.” And kill you after, she thought to herself and smirked.
“Is Sana Arris your real name?”
“No.”
“Are you a new recruit?”
“Yes.”
“Who recruited you?”
“The Chancellor.”
He blinked. “She can’t do that.”
“I know.”
“Then how did you get in?”
“Anzril initiated me.” She smiled. “He just doesn’t remember doing it.”
“Why is that?”
“Luna clouded his mind.” She brushed snow from the boulder and chuckled. “He won’t remember until the fugue is lifted.” The male nairue suddenly had a solar dagger in his hand. She smiled. “I wouldn’t do that, if I were you,” she whispered and leaned back onto her hands.
“What faction do you belong to?” he growled.
“That’s my line,” she drawled and flashed to her feet. She launched herself into the air and flew back a couple of feet. “How do you want to do this? First blood?”
“Faction!” he snapped and glared at her. “Now!” Siv raised her arm and showed him the mark of a Black Hand Elite. He flew closer to her and bared his fangs. Her own fangs snapped down, and she bared them right back at him.
“Trust me, it’s not a tattoo.” She held out her hand and grinned. “Go ahead, try to laser it off and whatever else your creative mind can come up with.” She smirked. “Hell, I won’t even stop you.” He continued to glare at her and looked about ready to throw the dagger that he was holding. “I wouldn’t,” she repeated as a small, needle-thin blade appeared in her hand. Since she was halfway phased, and the weapon was small enough to fit in the palm of her hand, the male in front of her didn’t notice. He was too busy staring into her eyes.
“I won’t ask again. Are you a spy?” She sighed and closed the short distance between them. “Stop!” he snarled and tightened his grip on the dagger. Siv did as she was told and looked back at him. “You gave me your word.” I did, she said sweetly into his mind. So I will answer them. She smiled. I am a member of the Viper Syndicate. Yes, I was recruited in as a spy. You hadn’t ask this question, but I will answer it, nonetheless. My name is Siv Bris. Hope is my daughter. In all sense of the word, she thought to herself, Hope was her daughter, god damn it. Even though she wasn’t hers biologically. Now that you know what you wanted to know… Before his wide-eyed shock could disappear, her free hand shot out and grabbed his wrist. She yanked him into the ether and sent his weapon flying.
“Now then,” she said sweetly as he cursed and tried to leave. Siv kept her hand on him, tightening her grip as he tried to shake her off. A strangled scream escaped his throat as a ball of shadow slammed into his face. “We can’t have you calling out for your friends, now, can we?” As they struggled, she kept them moving forward. It was never a good idea to stay in one place for long. Well, unless one knew whoever was following didn’t mean harm. She revealed the knife that she was holding and smirked as he struggled harder to free himself. The hilt of the push blade was black, and the needle-thin blade itself was completely gold. “Do you ever wonder what liquid light taste like? Or how hot it really is?”
“Bitch,” he snarled and pulled out a stiletto. Too bad that the weapon wasn’t coated in solar. She hissed as he drove it into the side of her stomach, and she let out a grunt as he angled it upward. With a snarl, she jumped from the ether and slammed his head into the half stone, half steel wall of her home.
“Mother,” Lucina squealed and solidified at her side. “Who’s this?”
“I want to know that, too,” Sindre drawled from behind her.
“Our dinner,” Siv said casually and mentally rummaged around in her shadow pocket of ether. A second later, she pulled out a syringe full of golden liquid.
“Oh?” he asked and nudged her aside.
“Hey!” she spluttered as he took the syringe from her. The Black Hand member suddenly let out a scream as Lucina buried a dagger into his side.
“That’s for hurting my mother,” the youngling snarled as her eyes turned from silver-green to red. Siv glanced down and blinked at the hilt sticking out of her. Oh yeah, she thought with amusement. I totally forgot about that. Shaking her head, she gripped the hilt and pulled it free with a spray of blood. It would’ve hit her mate and daughter, but they were quick to dodge out of the way. Instead, it hit the nameless, groaning male in the face. Shadows held him in place, and she smiled as his tongue darted out to lick at the blood. Lucina hissed, before flashing from the basement. She returned a few seconds later with a water-drenched, white washcloth in her hand. Sindre took it from her and growled as he none too gently wiped away the blood.
“You have a name?” Siv asked the shadow-bound male.
“Fuck. You,” he snarled and glared at her.
“Lucina, stab him again.” Her daughter let out a happy squeal and drove her dagger into his thigh. “leave it there.” She said over his renewed screams. The youngling nodded and took a step back. “Now,” she said and flipped the bloody stiletto into the air. “Where were we again?” She inclined her head in thought, before nodding to herself. “Ah, right.” She held up her push blade and smiled.


* * * * * *



25

A cat was meowing. Insistently. If it didn’t shut up in the next five seconds, Hope was going to strangle it and eat it. Hope! a female voice furiously hissed inside her head, and something swatted at her. Wake! Up! Her head honestly felt like it was going to explode. She groaned and weakly slapped at the swatting paw. Hope! the voice repeated, and the youngling let out a squeak as a weight landed on her stomach. The cat climbed up to her chest, and her eyes popped open as a rough tongue licked at her cheek. If she weren’t so lethargic, she would’ve shoved the annoying feline off her. As it was, she felt weak as a newborn. The tongue licking stopped, and she suddenly found herself staring into Mia’s glowing green eyes. About time, she silently said to the youngling. I’ve been trying to wake you for the past ten minutes. “Go away,” Hope mumbled. “I’m sleeping.” She closed her eyes, only to open them again as Mia gently batted at her face. We need to talk while you’re coherent. Hope scowled. Malinsk. The youngling froze, her eyes going wide. “What?” she squeaked and pushed weakly at the cat. “Off. Off.” Mia leapt to the floor and sat, curling her tail around herself as she began to clean her fur. While you were out, Siv came to visit you. Don’t worry, she hasn’t told your mother about your… condition. Hope tried to push herself into a sitting position and failed miserably. “How did you get in here?” Siv smuggled me in. I’m to keep you company. “Great,” the youngling said and groaned as the room began to spin around her. “Whoa,” she breathed as her vision became hazy. Mia stopped washing herself and stepped into the shadows just as the door opened. Huh, Hope thought and stared up at the spinning ceiling. Now I know there’s a way to open it, she silently mumbled to herself as one of the guards entered. He looked around cautiously, before slowly approaching the red-eyed youngling lying prone on the floor. Her eyes were glazed over, and a slight tremor took over her body as he stopped a foot from her. In one of his hands, he held a white plastic cup of Safrooge, which was steaming and smoking. It was a dark blue drink that consisted of various herbs, infused with a heavy dose of lunar magic and a touch of aridion.
“You,” he said as he looked down at her. “Sit up.” Hope mentally rolled her eyes and continued to stare at the ceiling. “Did you hear me?” he snapped.
“I heard you,” she said with a tired sigh. “What is that?” she asked as her eyes focused on what he was holding.
“Something that will make you feel better.”
“Really?” she asked disbelievingly. “Prove it.” He arched an eyebrow. “Drink it.” With the roll of his eyes, he took a sip of the concoction. Sighing in resignation, Hope mustered up what was left of her strength and sat up. Her head spun as she willed herself to remain upright. It felt like it was going to fall right off her shoulders if she kept it up any longer. The male nairue bent and held the cup down to her. Behind her, the shadows rippled as a hand emerged from the darkness to hold her up as she took the drink from the male in front of her and drained it. A sudden surge of energy rushed into her, and she almost dropped the cup in surprise.
“Feel better?” the male asked dryly and plucked it from her hand. Hope nodded and sat up straighter, pulling away from the nairue standing behind her.
“What now?” she asked and stared up at him, her eyes still glowing a vibrant red. A second later, a startled yelp escaped her as her wings were pulled in tight to her back. The frigid wash of lunar magic and shadow settled over her, and she shivered as she slowly grew weak. “What are you doing?”
“Moving you to another cell,” the nairue in front of her replied and wrapped a hand around her upper arm. “Don’t worry, we’re not going to kill you.” With that, they melded with the shadows.
Siv growled under her breath, as she watched the two guards holding Hope between them. She remained where she was, waiting. After a couple of minutes, she followed them, keeping her distance. All the while, she was on high alert for anything. The guards stopped before another door about five minutes later and opened it. One of them shoved Hope through, and Siv held back a snarl as she resisted the urge to pop their heads from their shoulders right then and there. Before she could say “fuck it” and do just that, she became shadow and streaked out of there. A few blocks from where she was, she solidified into view and watched as Aria slowly made her way toward her. “What have they done to her?” she asked, her voice calm and serene. Siv hesitated, because she seriously did not want to tell the leader of one of the most prominent assassin factions the extent of her daughter’s predicament. Her eyes narrowed, and Siv winced inwardly as she detected a low, rumbling growl coming from her. “Tell me.” Her voice was still calm, but with a hint of warning to it.
“She has Malinsk,” she said softly and held her breath.
“She has what?” Aria’s question was so soft that she almost didn’t catch it. She gulped as her leader took a step forward, her eyes flashing a vibrant red. They glowed like two laser beams in total darkness. She held up her hands, as if she could stop her from getting any closer. She flexed her wrists, and two thin blades sprung free and into her hands. Aria was a lot older than she was, and power came with age. To add to it, she was highly trained. Therefore, she was a thousand times more deadly. Also, insanity made her even more dangerous. As her rage grew, a soft silvery glow began to emanate from her, growing brighter by the second. Siv took in a deep breath, and then gasped in pain as a cold sensation ran through her. A split second later, that cold began to burn, radiating throughout her entire body. She looked down to find one of her daggers buried all the way through Aria’s arm, but it apparently didn’t stop her from plunging a lunar dagger into the other nairue’s gut. Fuuuuuck! Siv silently yelled and tried to breathe through the pain. Sweat trickled down her cheeks as she yanked her dagger free and propelled herself from Aria, landing on her back several feet away. She screamed as her body felt like it was set ablaze. That was when Siro and Sindre appeared. Siro tried to intercept her, but Aria jumped, flipping over his head and landing behind him. He spun, but she was already at Siv’s side. Before she could stab the downed nairue, Sindre tackled her. Siro flashed to them, and a tug-of-war ensued as he fought Aria for the weapon. A feral snarl escaped her throat as she fought them in a frenzy, clawing, biting, punching, kicking, and headbutting anything she could make contact with. Siv slowly sat up, and it took all her willpower not to pass out or throw up. She took a moment to just sit there, her ears ringing and her heart all but threatening to stop in her chest. Not that it would kill her. Well, unless something like a solar dagger was involved. After a long moment of half listening to the two male nairues struggling with Aria and regaining some of her strength, she reached into the ether and pulled out a syringe full of pale pink liquid. She popped off the red cap and fluttered her wings, testing them. When she didn’t pass out or have the urge to scream bloody murder, she flapped them hard as she pushed to her feet. Her wings were the only thing keeping her upright as she glided over to the struggling trio.
“Hold her,” she half-wheezed, half-yelled at them. Sindre glanced over at her, and seeing what she was holding, he redoubled his efforts. Siv was still bleeding from her wound, but she ignored it as she waited for an opening. The lunar dagger wouldn’t kill her, but it was one of those weapons one did not want to fuck around with. She guessed she was grateful that Aria didn’t stab her through the heart. Otherwise, the pain would have been unbearable, paralyzing her. She gathered herself, channeling the stars as Siro jerked his head forward and bit deep into Aria’s arm. She screamed as venom rushed into her blood and slowly paralyzed her. They all winced as Sindre slowly released her and stood. Siv approached them, and Siro retracted his fangs, releasing her with a curse.
“No,” Aria said as she saw the syringe. “No. No, no, no,” she slurred. “Siro, don’t let her do it.” With the help of Sindre, Siv knelt beside her. “No. Nooooo. No.” She reached out a hand and patted Aria’s cheek. “Siro.”
“Shhh,” Siro said and stroked her hair.
“No.”
“Shhh.”
“No.”
“Shhh, shhh. Be at ease, sweetheart.” Siv stuck the needle into the side of Aria’s neck and pressed down on the plunger, injecting her with the Moseera serum. Aria moaned as she fought the pull of unconsciousness. She was numb, her brain was foggy at best, and her vision blurred before her. “Rest,” Siro whispered into her ear. She tried to protest, but no words came out. “Shhh. Rest, now.” She fought against him, but it was useless as she finally passed out. A couple of feet away, Sindre was feeding Siv his blood. He winced as she tore off a chunk of his flesh. Her throat worked as she swallowed it. He gently lowered Aria’s head to the ground and got up. Walking over to them, he gave Sindre a nod. “What happened?” he asked. She pulled back slightly and turned, until she could see them both.
“I told her about Hope,” she growled and cleared her throat. “She didn’t take it well.”
He stiffened, holding back a growl of his own. “What did you tell her?” he asked, and Sindre tensed, ready to react to whatever else that was to come. She hesitated and eyed Siro nervously. “Tell me,” he growled and narrowed his eyes on her. Siv sighed and took several cautious steps back. The two male nairues glanced at each other before refocusing on her, waiting.
“I told her that Hope has Malinsk,” she said softly, reluctantly. She, once again, sucked in a deep breath and held it.
“I see,” he said softly, and she gulped as his eyes turned red. Shit, she thought and braced for another round of pain. When it didn’t come, she let out a sigh of relief. Siro glanced at Aria and took in a deep breath that did nothing to calm his rapidly rising rage. He drew in another deep breath of the icy air and held it for the count of thirty before slowly releasing it. Drawing on the coldness that was a part of him, he ripped open a portal and nodded to it as he walked back over to Aria. He lifted her into his arms and followed them through the portal. It closed behind them a split second later as he moved over to one of the couches. He lowered her onto it and stroked her hair away from her face with a scowl.
“Luna?” Siv asked, and before either of the males could reply, someone else did for them.
“No,” a female voice answered. “I’m much more boring.” He made to move, but Aria’s hand was like a vise around his wrist. She might’ve been weakened, but she was still much, much more stronger than an ordinary human. He glanced down at her and arched an eyebrow.
“You’re awake,” he growled. She released him and slowly sat up, blinking as she looked around.
“Evanna,” she said with a dreamy sigh.
“Aria,” the female said in greeting and bowed. “How are you this night?” she asked and straightened.
“I am well.” She paused. “Wait, I’m not.” She scowled at her. “And why are you here?”
“Can’t I come to see how you’re doing?”
“No, you can’t.”
Evanna frowned. “Why not?”
“Because you never have before,” She smirked. “That’s why.”
“Okay, you have a point.”
“So, why are you here again? Not that I’m complaining, of course.”
“I have someone that I would like you to meet.”
“Oh?”
She smirked. “You guys can… commiserate over drinks… or something.”
“I am now intrigued. Who is this… ‘someone’, And are they here?”
“She is, and she is endahli. She’s probably crying from the pain of no light.” She grinned and released her hold on the darkness hiding the female. Aria gave herself props for not launching herself at the endahli when she suddenly appeared. Instead, she leaned to the side and flicked on the lamp that was sitting on the table next to the couch. Dark blue light illuminated the living space in a soft glow, causing the nairues—including herself—to winced in pain. She pulled shadows to her and sighed with relief as the cold that was the darkness wrapped around her. Siv and Sindre drew back from the light, even as the female drew closer to it. Evanna placed her hands on her hips and leaned against the wall that was behind her, only to suddenly straightened as the air stirred around them. In the blink of an eye, she was holding a blade of shadow in her hand. The only thing that stopped her from launching an attack was Sindre’s vise-like grip on her arm. With a curse, she jerked out of his hold and glared at no one in particular. Lucina, who had stepped from the shadows, flashed to her mother’s side and slightly behind her, because for one: the much, much older nairue was still holding a blade, and two: her eyes were completely silver. With a pout, she made the blade vanish, and then she scowled at the youngling. “Thank you, Lucina.” She sighed. “I thought you were someone that I can kill.”
“Sorry,” the youngling said and grinned. “but I do have someone you can kill.”
“Oh? Do tell.”
“The Red Scorpions.”
She blinked. “I’m sorry, but did you say, ‘The Red Scorpions’?”
“I did. Jacinda is there.”
“Well, in that case…” Evanna inclined her head to Aria and the others, before becoming one with the shadows and jumping into the ether.
“Thanks for leaving me here!” the female endahli called into the ether. “If I get shanked in the back, I’m blaming you!” Unsurprisingly, she got nothing but silence in response. Sighing, she lowered herself onto the couch and looked at them thoughtfully.
“I take it that you know who we are?” Siro asked. The female nodded.
“Hmm, who are you?” Aria mused and eyed her like she was food. “And why are you here?”
The endahli held up her hands defensively. “My name is Adela,” she said and looked at Aria nervously. “I am here, because I would like to offer you my help.”
“Help. Hmm.”
“Yes. With Hope.”
“Ah,” the nairue female said with an amused sigh. “Is that so?” Adela nodded. “Well, in that case, how is it, exactly, that you can help?”
“Silas,” she said simply and smiled.


* * * * * *



26

Hope groaned, nausea washing over her in waves. She swallowed and took in a deep breath, holding it even as more saliva filled her mouth to mix with the venom. The taste of it didn’t help with easing the nausea. It also didn’t help that she couldn’t rub her stomach in an attempt to calm it. Her hands were raised above her head and shackled with thick manacles. The chains were frozen solid to the wall, and sweat poured off her as the heat from them and the cuffs around her wrists and ankles seeped into her. Even with the protective padding between her skin and the cuffs, the solar-infused chains still burned her. To make things worse, she was completely naked, and there was a collar around her neck. She took all that in as she strained to hear something, anything. She felt like she had the flu as another shudder racked her. Fucking hell, she thought and silently fumed. She was going to brain someone for it, and she didn’t care who it was. After a few minutes of just breathing, Hope slowly opened her eyes and looked around the pitched darkness that was her prison. Other than the tendrils of vaper in the air, there was nothing. She looked at one of the thick gold chains and bared her fangs in a silent snarl. At least, the urge to puke up her guts was gone. The chains clinked loudly in the silence as she leaned forward in her restraints. “Hello?” she called out in a singsong voice. “I know you’re there.” When she got nothing in response, she slammed back against the wall and let out a loud, long, sibilant hiss. “Fine,” she growled and yanked at her chains. Sucking in a deep breath, she hunched into herself the best she could and let out a bloodcurdling shriek. It was so loud and high-pitched that it practically vibrated the air and echoed off the ice, bursting the eardrums of those who heard it. She kept up the deafening shriek, and as the shadows came to life around her, she allowed it to cut out. “About fucking time!” she snapped and straightened as three nairues solidified before her, blue blood trickling from their ears.
“Are you out of your mind, female?” one of them snarled and punched the side of her head, hard enough that stars burst before her eyes. Hissing, she kicked out at him. He sidestepped her and pulled out a syringe filled with purple liquid. Hope’s head throbbed, and all she could hear was the sound of her pounding heart and the roar of her blood. Her vision cleared, and she hissed as her red eyes focused on the syringe.
“What’s that?” she growled and snapped her head forward. If he hadn’t jerked his hand away in time, her fangs would’ve made contact. Instead, she let out a yelp as the cold needle stabbed into the hollow of her neck. The nairue smiled and quickly injected the serum into her.
“I’m curious,” he drawled and pulled the needle free. “if prolonged exposure to this treatment will have permanent side effects.”
“Fuck you,” Hope said weakly as a surge of lethargy washed over her, followed by a cold wave of sensation that numbed her to the core.
He chuckled, patting her on the head. “Have a nice nap,” he said as unconsciousness took her over.
Several hours later, or in the case of nairues and other beings that human knew nothing about—bells—Hope slowly came awake with a moan of pain. Shit, everything hurt. Hell, even her hair hurt, and that was saying something. She kept her eyes closed and just breathed deeply, in and out. Okay, she thought. She was going to kill someone, multiple someones, and laugh while she did it. She paused in her musings and frowned. Or maybe she’d just swallow them whole. Hmm, no. Better that they die a slow, agonizing death. Her head fell forward, her long white-blonde hair shielding her face as she took in a deep breath through her nose. Cold sweat clung to her skin as she shivered uncontrollably. “I see that the feisty little snowflake is awake,” a male voice mused from nearby. “Tell me, Hope, why do you keep on fighting us?” When she remained silent, he chuckled and came closer. “It’s no use, you know.” Oh yes, please, please come closer. Just a little closer so I can strangle you with these chains and pop your head like a balloon, she silently said to herself and smirked. She was going to give him a lobotomy and see how he liked it. “Nothing to say?”
“I have a lot to say,” she growled and bared her fangs, even though he couldn’t see them. She tried to retract them several times, but they only popped right back out whenever she did it.
“Your growls are too cute to be nothing but ‘cute’.”
“It won’t be when I rip out your throat.”
“Well, in order to do that, you’ll have to get free of those shackles, and I don’t see it happening anytime soon.” Hope said nothing as she silently willed him to get the fuck out. Sadly, that didn’t happen. There was a long silence, before hot fingers gripped her chin and lifted her head, until her red eyes met the narrowed, sky-blue ones of the male. “If you’re thinking of trying to escape, it won’t work.”
Hope smiled. “We’ll see about that.” Before the male nairue could reply, the door across the room seemed to ripple, before dissipating completely. Two nairue females stood outside the cell, their expressions blanked of all emotions as they studied the naked youngling chained to the wall. After a long moment, one of them nodded and inclined her head to the male.
“Bring her,” she said and smiled. “Anzril would like to see her.” A split second later, they were gone. Cursing under his breath, the only nairue in the room reached over her head and placed his hands on the wall. The youngling watched as the golden chains slid from the ice and fell to the floor, almost pulling her down with them. He unhooked her shackles and unlocked the ones around her ankles, before taking her by the arm and leading her from the room.
Hope didn’t speak, nor did she bother to struggle with her captor as they walked down the hall made up of black and blue walls. Wherever they were going, she really hoped that it wasn’t another cell-like room with chains. If it was, she seriously was going to take someone’s head off with it. They turned down multiple hallways, up a flight of stairs, and stopped before a partially opened door. Her captor pushed it open wider and stepped inside, pulling her in behind him. The only thing noticeable about the room were the shelves full of books and the tall nairue male dressed in all black. She had no idea the color of his eyes since they were red. Hope held back a smirk as she was practically dragged right up to him. “At your request, sir,” her captor growled and vanished, leaving her alone with the leader of the Black Hand Elite Faction. Wonderful, she thought and scowled. Just fucking wonderful.
“Hope Sovlik.” Anzril all but purred her name and gave her a cold smile. “It is finally… nice to meet you. I’d shake your hand, but…” He gestured at her hands and picked up something from atop one of the shelves. Hope looked down and blinked at the venom-coated claws, before looking back up at him with a smile. Still, she remained silent. “Come, join me.” He gestured to the only furniture in the room, which was an overstuffed black couch that was pushed up against one wall. She followed him and sat, her eyes never leaving him. “So,” he said thoughtfully and peered at her. “how old are you, Hope?”
“Why?” she asked suspiciously.
He smirked. “So, you do speak after all,” he mused. “I was starting to think that you were a mute. Glad that I was proven wrong.” She snorted, feeling the onset of lethargy coming over her. She gripped the chain linking the cuffs together and stiffened as he leaned in. He inhaled deeply, and then sniffed her, before pulling back and giving her a smile. “One more should do it.”
Hope sat up straighter at that. “One more what?”
“This time, a much higher dose,” he continued to himself, ignoring her completely. If she stabbed him right now, would she kill him? she silently wondered and glared up at him. Anzril nodded to himself and stood.
“Come,” he said and took her by the arm, pulling her up with him.
“Where are we going?”
“The lab.”
She blinked. “What?”
“You heard me. Now, come.” His hold around her arm tightened slightly as he dragged her from the room and down another hall. Hope allowed herself to zone out, even if her subconsciousness took everything in. For later examination, she thought to herself as the shadow rippled around them like a living thing. They didn’t go far, but it felt like it to her as they stopped before a door. It opened on its own, and a blast of frigid air smacked her in the face as she was pulled inside. Before she could take a good look at the room, Anzril turned to her and slapped a voltage pad onto the side of her neck. It happened so fast that Hope didn’t have time to react. She opened her mouth, and instead of snarling at him like she wanted to, a scream tore from her as he flipped a switch on the small control device in his hand. She hit the floor, convulsing as bright blue currents of electricity coursed through her. It lasted for ten seconds, and all the while, her screams echoed off the ice, deafening all those who heard it. Before she passed out, she focused on the mirror behind Anzril and shattered it, sending a shard of gleaming silver at him like a torpedo. He screamed as the glass stabbed deep into his lower back. With a curse, he flipped off the switch and tossed it onto the counter that lined one wall. Snarling, he reached back and yanked out the shard, crushing it in his hand as he spun to face the door. Just outside of it, shadows danced and writhed, until a tall figure solidified out of them.
“Anzril,” the female said and smiled. “It seems to me that I am not doing my part very well.” He blinked in confusion, blood slowly dripping from the wound in his hand to splatter on the floor. “I assure you, it won’t take long.” With that, a ball of shadows slammed into his chest, lifting him off his feet and throwing him across the room. The sound of his spine and neck snapping was loud in the silence as Siv entered the room and closed the door with a soft click. “Now, let’s see what we have here.”
Luna stood on top of a hill and stared up at the dark sky that was lit by a single blue star. Fat snowflakes fell all around her, and pretty soon, she was several feet deep into the white stuff. Placing both hands on either side of her, she pulled herself up and out. She sat and slid her legs back into the hole created by her body and let out a heavy sigh. The wind pressed in around her, and she inhaled it deep into her lungs, before allowing herself to fall backward into the snowdrift. Her mind went blank, and she smiled as she continued to stare up at the lone star in the sky. Though, a dark red crescent moon was just peeking through the flurries of snow as she watched. “I think it’s time to do some infiltrating,” she said to herself and smiled. “The question is, who should do it?” She stretched, before kicking a flurry of snow into the air. “Hmm… decisions, decisions…” She sat up and squinted into the shadows. Even though she couldn’t see any of her sentinels, she could sense them. “What do you guys think?” For a long moment, there was nothing but silence.
“If you really like to hear my opinion on the matter,” Zehana said and dropped down beside her. “I don’t think any of the Vipers should do it.”
“Hmm,” the chancellor said with a heavy sigh. “why is that?”
“It’s too personal.” She paused and eyed her nervously.
“Continue?”
“Actually, the Vipers can do it, but I suggest that you prevent Aria and Siro from getting too involved.”
“Mmm, they will not like that,” Luna said and chuckled. “but if I agree with you, I can certainly keep them from doing anything… reckless.” She scowled.
“What is it?”
“If Hope was my daughter, I’d do anything to get her back, and I mean, anything.”
Zehana winced. “Yeah, I would, too.” She frowned and tapped a finger against her cheek in thought. “Still…”
“Well, I’ll consider it, but in the meantime, do you have anyone in mind for this… infiltration?”
“Hmm,” the sentinel said and glared at the pristine white snow. “Alira?”
Luna blinked. “The endahli?” She nodded. “Is she in a faction?”
“She is. I believe she’s with the Order of Harmony?”
“Harmony,” the chancellor said dryly. “Naturally.” She snorted. “They sound like they’re part of a church choir.”
Zehana smirked. “I can assure you that the faction has nothing to do with the church.” She snickered. “Of any kind.”
“What a relief,” Luna drawled and shook her head. “I guess it’s better than the Order of Union?”
“Oh, definitely.”
“There’s not a faction with that name… right?”
“Probably, but it sure as hell isn’t one of ours.”
“Damn, I hope not. If they are one of us, I wasn’t in the right mind when I approved it.”
“Oh dear,” Zehana said with a long, heavy sigh. “We are doomed.” She chuckled and patted her sentinel on the arm reassuringly. “Doomed, I tell you. Our reputation…”
“There, there,” she said soothingly and smiled. “I’m ninety-five percent sure that I didn’t sign off on the name.”
“Is that supposed to make me feel better?”
“Yes?” She hesitated and frowned at the sentinel. “A little bit?”
Zehana snorted and rose gracefully to her feet. “Want to head back?”
“In a moment.” She nodded and melded with the shadows. Luna tilted her head back and inhaled the frigid air deep into her lungs. A feeling of contentment settled over her, and she let out a long sigh of pleasure. She sat there for a long moment, before reluctantly getting to her feet. Reaching into her pocket, she pulled out a handheld mirror. She peered at her reflection, before linking with it and making a call. After a few seconds of waiting, her reflection rippled and vanished. In her place was a smiling Evanna, her silver, ice-blue eyes sparkling with amusement.
“Luna,” the female said happily and waved.
“Evanna, how are you, sweetheart?”
“Good.” She grinned. “I got to kill some Scorpions. Annoying little things, if you asked me.”
Luna chuckled. “Are you busy with anything?”
“No.”
“Want to do me a huge favor?”
“Do I have a choice?”
“Of course.”
“Okay, what is the favor?”
“You know there’s a human here, right?”
“Yeah, I heard about that.”
“Do you mind going to see her?”
Evanna leaned forward and inclined her head curiously. “Sure. Any particular reason to why?”
“I’m supposed to be the good hostess and all that, but I’m going to be busy with the whole Viper and Black Hand shit.”
“But I want to go.”
“Oh, you will. I was talking about the paper end of the business.”
Estoria’s daughter blinked. “Never mind, you can have all the documents and whatever else you need to do.” She shuddered. “I’m good.”
Luna smirked. “I give you permission to answer or not answer whatever questions the human may have.”
“Got it.”
“On that note, I’ll let you go.” Evanna nodded vigorously and waved as she disconnected. “Now,” Luna said and turned. “we can go.”
Hope slowly came awake, her entire body hurting. Again. She laid there, her eyes still closed as she listened. Instead of silence, she heard the low hum of machinery. What the hell? She blinked open her eyes, and with great reluctance, she pushed onto her elbows and slowly looked around. At the sight of the thick band of ice around her middle, she froze and hissed out a breath. Fuck, she was tired. Mentally and physically. Shaking her head, she went back to taking in the room. It was not a regular room, it was a god forsaken lab. She glared at the tiny blinking lights and wondered—not for the first time—why she was there. She also wondered if there were others like her around. If there were, she hadn’t run into them yet. Hope dug her fingers into her hair and ran her hands through it with a growling sigh. She laid back down and rolled her eyes at the ceiling. She had no idea how long she remained like that, but the next thing she knew, a whooshing sound broke the silence. She glanced in that direction and glared at the male standing beside the table she was on. “Oh, don’t be like that,” he said and smirked. “It will be all over soon.”
“What will?” she snarled and spat a stream of dark green acid at him. Sadly, he dodged out of the way in time. Instead of hitting him, it splashed harmlessly to the floor.
“Now, now,” he drawled. “go easy on the acid spitting.”
“Fuck you,” she growled and continued to glare at him. “Remove this band of ice from me.”
“I don’t think so.” He smirked and walked to the door. “Enjoy the peace and silence while it lasts.” The shadows rippled, and he was gone.
Out in the hall, he came to an abrupt stop as a figure solidified before him. The sound of steel meeting steel sounded like thunder in the silence. It echoed off the walls, and members of the Black Hand who were nearby quickly scattered. The male nairue let out a grunt of pain as his dagger was slapped out of his hand, followed by an arm slamming into his throat. Before he could counter his attacker, a click sounded close to his ear. He froze as a needle was stabbed into the side of his neck. Pretty soon, he was breathing vaper as an ice-numbing cold liquid slowly entered his bloodstream. “There, there,” a female voice said soothingly to him. His vision blurred, and everything sounded so far away as he fought the effect of whatever it was she had injected into him.
“What did you give me?” he asked, slurring his words.
“Shhh,” the female said and yanked the needle from his neck, capping it and slipping it into her pocket. “The chancellor would like to have a word with you, and I can’t have you calling out for help while on route to our destination.”
“Bitch.” His vision briefly settled, and in that split-second window, he got a look at her. If it weren’t for the black hood hiding her features, he would’ve had her identity. The female nairue leaned in, and he couldn’t do anything to stop her.
“Whatever you may think of the Vipers,” she said, so soft that he barely caught her words. “we’re not stupid, dumb, or brainless. Pick your choice of word.” Her hand gripped his upper arm, and a second later, they were gone.


* * * * * *



27

“Ah, there they are,” Chancellor Luna Rayne said smoothly from behind the stacks upon stacks of paper piled high atop the sea glass desk that she was sitting behind. “Come in, come in, and do close the door.” She smiled, placing a restraining hand on Aria’s arm before she could lunge across the room. A low growl escaped her throat, but Luna held firm as the nairue mail was dragged through the door. “No trouble?”
“None,” Siv said and pulled down the hood that hid her face.
“Good.” The chancellor stood and walked over to the nairue male. She smiled and touched her fingers to his cheek as she stared into his dazed eyes. “What have you done to him?”
“I gave him a tiny injection of Obsidian Ice, or in this case, obsidian drip, I suppose.” Luna chuckled and walked back to the desk. Reaching over to the silver icebox sitting beside it, she opened it and pulled out a bottle of Chiller. Siv dragged the male over to the chancellor and shoved him into a chair. Luna twisted the cap off the bottle and handed it to the male.
“If she had given you a normal dose, this wouldn’t work. Now, drink up.” She smiled. “You’ll need it.” As if on cue, Aria let out a low hiss and reached for him. She snarled as strong arms came around her, hauling her back against a hard body.
“Shhh, shhh,” Siro said in her ear and tightened his arms around her. “If you kill him, we can’t get answers,” he continued in a calm, soothing tone. “Come, sit.” He led her to the couch and sat, pulling her onto his lap. After another minute or so of fuming, she relented and relaxed back against him with a sigh.
“What is your name?” Luna asked and nodded to the bottle. “Drink up.” Reaching into his mind, she forced him to drink. After draining half of the contents, she took the bottle from his hand and sat back down at the desk. “So, your name?”
“Arix,” he replied and cleared his throat.
“Well, Arix, where are you in terms of the Black Hand Elite? Are you high up there?” He nodded. “Good,” Luna said and smiled. “That is good.”
“What do you want? Why am I here?”
“You know exactly what we want,” she said softly and leaned forward. “But first, how many of you are there?”
He smirked. “You think I’m going to tell you that much?”
Luna leaned back in her chair and let out a heavy sigh. “I suggest that you do.”
“If I don’t?” he challenged.
“I’ll gouge out your fucking eyes!” Aria snarled and lunged out of Siro’s hold. Luna quickly stood and turned. She was a blur of motion as she intercepted Aria, who hissed and attempted to bite the chancellor. The shadows rippled around them, and Aria let out a scream of rage as Siro solidified between them and forced them apart. He wrapped his arms around her, lifting her off her feet and shadow-walked from the room. “Let me go!” She snarled and struggled against him.
“So you can bite his head off?” he growled as they appeared outside.
“Yes,” Aria hissed as her feet touched the ice. Siro loosened his hold on her, but kept his arms around her. Her eyes were still their normal emerald-green, but if she didn’t calm down… Siro yanked her to him, a split second before she could slip out of his light hold. She growled as he walked her backward. Her back hit the wall as he caged her between it and his body. Tilting her head back, she glared up at him.
“When we have our daughter, you can kill whomever you like,” he said softly as an icy breeze hit them.
“Fine,” she growled, and then sighed as her arms went around him. Siro straightened and held her to him as she rested her head against his chest. After a long moment, Aria pulled back and glanced at the dark building. “Okay, I’m good.” She took in a deep breath and held it for a long second, before letting it out slowly. “Let’s head back inside.” He smiled, taking her by the shoulder and leading her back to the others. As they stepped into the room that Luna was using as a temporary office, they paused and just stared at her.
“What?” Luna asked defensively. “Why are you two looking at me like that?”
“You mind-raped him,” Aria said with a dejected moan. “I didn’t even get to have any fun.”
Luna smiled. “Sorry.”
“Not forgiven.” She crossed her arms and pouted at the amused chancellor.
“How about,” the chancellor said slowly and grinned. “if I told you that I have a plan to get your daughter back?”
“You do?” she asked and was in front of the chancellor in a heartbeat. “Murder and mayhems? Please, say that it involves murder and mayhem.”
“If it will make you happy, I suppose…”
“Ah,” Siro said and grabbed Aria as she let out a happy squeal of excitement. “you shouldn’t have said that.”
“Shouldn’t I?” the chancellor asked and watched them with curious interest. “Why ever not?”
“Because she’ll be bouncing off the walls until it’s time.”
“Hmm,” Luna said thoughtfully and peered at Aria with a smirk. “I can see your point.” There was a zipping sound as something moved through the air. It was too fast for any of them to react as a dart shot from one of the corners of the room. Aria yelped as it struck her in the side of the neck. She reached up and yanked it out, a shuddering sigh escaping her as she felt the cool liquid moving through her bloodstream.
“Now, why did you have to go and do that?” she asked the still smirking chancellor and brought the tip of the dart to her nose. She gently sniffed it, before flicking the object into the trash bin that was beside the desk. The energy rushing through her a second ago came crashing down on her like a wave. She quickly sat in the nearest chair before she could fall on her face.
“It’s better that you conserve your energy for later,” Luna said and leaned back in her chair.
“Humph,” she said as the darkness rippled around them. A second later, a dark pool of blue light pierced the shadows, and the room all but stilled as someone stepped through the portal.
Chancellor Illiana Arin blinked against the darkness, giving herself a moment for her eyes to adjust. The portal that she stepped through vanished just as silently as it had appeared. The soft band of blue light gave her protection against the utter darkness of the place, and she shuddered against the abrupt temperature change of her home realm to that of the nairues. Since she was inside a building, it felt like she was standing in a refrigerated unit, rather than in the middle of a tundra. Taking in a deep breath, Illiana hid the light cocooning her and strode toward the other chancellor, her hand outstretched. “Vanessa sends her regards,” she said as Luna reached out and took the missive from her. 
“She does, does she?” the chancellor of the nairue mused and opened it. “She couldn’t make it to the party? I’m slightly disappointed.” She pouted and read what was written upon the white parchment, before crumbling it up into a ball and setting it on fire. “My regards to her as well.” Illiana nodded and watched the white ashes drift from the chancellor’s hand to the carpeted floor like snowflakes. “Where are your people?”
“Outside.”
“How many did you bring?”
The endahli smiled and shrugged. “Wouldn’t you like to know?”
Luna chuckled. “Forget that I asked.” The other chancellor smirked and nodded, before turning to the catatonic nairue on the floor and walking over to him.
“Well, you started without me,” Illiana mused and crouched beside him. “Did you get anything useful?”
“I got quite the show, actually.”
“You did, hmm?” Luna rolled her eyes and leaned forward in her chair. “Would you like me to heal his mind?”
“Yes, please. In fact, that would be nice.” Illiana smiled and reached out, placing her hands on either side of the male’s head. She concentrated and allowed the soothing warmth of her magic to flow into him. “How long?” The chancellor of the nairue asked and watched her work with curious interest.
“He should be coming back around in a couple of bells or so.” Illiana dropped her hands and straightened from her crouch. “Are you expecting anyone, by chance?”
“Funny you should ask that,” Luna mused and rose to her feet.
“Fuck,” the endahlian female said, before sucking in a breath and holding it.
“Well, Aria,” Luna continued and gave the other chancellor a comforting pat on the arm. “it seems that tonight is your lucky night.”
“No, no, no, no…”
“Illiana?” She tightened her grip on the chancellor’s arm and turned to fully face her as the others exited the room. The blood drained from Illiana’s face as she watched. “Illiana, what is wrong?” Before she could reply, an invisible force slammed into them both, sending them flying across the room in opposite directions. Blood filled Luna’s mouth as every bone in her neck were either crushed or snapped. She slammed into the wall and fell heavily to the floor. There was the sound of a whoosh, and she got a front row seat to a battle between one of her sentinels, one of Illiana’s guardians and a member of the Scorpion. While her sentinels were dressed in all black, the guardians were attired in dark blue. As for the Scorpion, he was in all black. The only difference was the dark red mask that came with their outfit. Luna had no idea why they went with the whole mask thing. Perhaps they wanted to make a fashion statement? Whatever the reason was, she found it to be pointless and unnecessary. She painfully pulled herself into a sitting position and leaned back against the wall. If she could make a sound, she would’ve been moaning and groaning. As it was, a whistling sound escaped her as she tried to get air into her lungs. None of them could die from suffocation, but the lack of air was painful, and if gone long enough without it, they’d either pass out or silently suffer. It all depended on the situation they were in. As she watched, Hunter body-slammed the stranger, and they fought furiously for the upper hand. The guardian, Savitra, let out a scream full of pain and rage. Silver blood poured from her eyes, ears and nose, and Luna inwardly winced as she doubled over. With a snarl, the endahli rushed them both and got in between them. She sent Hunter flying, before turning on the Scorpion. Luna held up a hand to her sentinel, stopping him from interrupting. Across the room, Illiana was covered in her own blood. If it weren’t for her crushed neck, she would’ve been screaming her head off from all the emotions slamming into her, one after another in rapid succession. Luna didn’t know how she was still conscious. Her sentinel snarled, and then turned to her. He was quickly at her side a heartbeat later. Ripping into his wrist, he had it pressed to her mouth. She resisted the urge to kill him as he tilted her head back, forcing his blood down her damaged throat.
“Fucking! Die!” Savitra snarled and drove her fist into the assassin’s unprotected side. Her brain was going to explode. Literally. It was unfair. He didn’t have to lay a finger on her to make her bleed all over him. Grabbing his mask, she ripped it off him. She tossed it across the room, even as she drove her fist into his face. In agony as she was, it was satisfying as fuck to hear him scream and feel the bones crunch under her hand. With a snarl, he surged upward and sent her flying. Before she could slam headfirst into the wall, he was on her. She screamed as one of her arms came up to slam into his throat. He choked, and she took the momentary distraction to flip them. Silver and blue blood flew as they punched and kicked the living shit out of each other. The room blurred as they moved. Neither of them had yet to reach for their weapons, but Savitra did reach for her magic as she sent the nairue crashing into the opposite wall. Hairline cracks formed on the ice, only to reform as Luna channeled her magic to smooth them out. The assassin gasped, stiffening as the guardian mentally gripped his heart within his chest.
“I die, you die,” he wheezed and managed to glare at her before she increased the pressure on his heart.
Savitra smiled. “At least, you’ll be dead. That’s good enough for me.” Nausea surged through her as she slowly ripped out his heart. Before she was done extracting the pulsing organ, another assassin came out of nowhere and grabbed her. Hot fingers pressed hard into the pulse points in her neck, and her vision blurred as unconsciousness took her over.
“I thought insanity ran in the blood of our people?” The male nairue with cold, pearlescent-green eyes asked and gently lowered Savitra to the floor. “Clearly, I was wrong,” 
“Ah, Silas, who called on the Caustra?” Luna asked and struggled to her feet.
“No one,” Silas replied and straightened. He turned to the barely conscious member of the Scorpion and gave him a cold smile. “Your turn,” he said, and the hiss accompanying his words sent a cold chill down her spine. Silas raised a hand, and a ball of shadow flew from his palm to hit Illiana, where it spread over her like a veil before dissipating. “Tell me, why are you here, Scorpion?” he asked and drove a foot into his chest, applying pressure before he could so much as move. “What were your orders?”
“Kill Illiana,” he gasped and glared up at the regulator.
“And then?”
“And then nothing.”
“Why?”
“I wasn’t told the reasons.”
“Yes,” Silas mused, drawing out the word. “You only do as you’re told, do you not? No questions asked?”
“I don’t question my leader.”
“Mmm, so if he told you to commit suicide, would you do it?” The Scorpion member hesitated, saying nothing. “I thought not. You see, there is a time and a place to ask questions. You just have to know when and where.” Silas removed his foot from the assassin and hauled him to his feet. “You are a poor excuse for an assassin,” he continued and reached out a hand. A dark red beam of moonlight formed, and the assassin had time to suck in a breath before he was stabbed in the back for his troubles. Silas released him, and the assassin crumbled into a pile of ash as he hit the floor. For a long moment, the official member of the Caustra just stared down at what used to be a body, before turning to Luna and inclining his head to her in acknowledgement. “Chancellor?”
“Silas?”
Silas smirked and headed for the destroyed door. “So,” he said and stepped out into the hall. He turned and looked back at her. “Is it true that a human fell into our midst?”
Luna smiled. “You don’t miss much, do you?” He kept silent, and she sighed. “Yes, it is true.” She paused. “Would you like to meet her?”
“As a matter of fact, I do.” He nodded. “At your convenience, of course.”
“Of course.” Without another word to her or anyone else, he melded with the shadows and was gone. “Remind me not to get on his bad side,” she muttered under her breath and went over to Illiana, who was unconscious.
“We assassins are not ones to fuck with,” Hunter mused. “but the Caustra are on another level altogether.”
“Yeah,” Luna said and patted Illiana’s cheek.
“If one of them is here, it must be bad.”
“And he wants to meet the human.”
“Do you know him?”
“I’ve heard stories about him and seen him a few times on the streamline. Other than that, no.” Hunter nodded from his crouching position over the still unconscious Arix and smirked. The moment Illiana’s eyes popped open, Luna quickly snatched her hand back. It was that or be drained of energy faster than she could say ‘wait’. Assassin she was not, but the chancellor of the endahli was still a force to be reckoned with. She ought to know, because she sparred every now and then with her and Vanessa. She did her fair share of bleeding, and it wasn’t just a few drops, either. “Hold your fire, it’s just me.”
“Luna,” Illiana said and groaned as she was helped to her feet. “Tell me there’s a bathtub somewhere.”
“There is,” Luna said and ripped open a portal to one of her homes. “Everyone through,” she continued and stepped into her bathroom. “Bring them,” she called over her shoulder. Her sentinel nodded as she turned to the shower. Illiana pushed off her and quickly stripped out of her clothes, tossing them onto the counter. “I’ll see if I can get them washed for you,” Luna said and stepped out into the hall. Reaching into her pocket of shadow, she grabbed two light domes and handed them over to the endahli.
“Thank you,” Illiana said and took them. “No one is here,” she continued with a frown. “Well, except for you, your sentinel, my guardian, and the unconscious male.”
The chancellor of the nairue nodded. “we’re in the middle of nowhere.” She smiled. “Far from civilization. I figured your brain could use the rest.” The endahli chuckled and slid open one of the sliding glass doors. With a sigh, she stepped into the shower and turned to set down the light.
“You know, I always wondered how you people get hot water in a place like this.”
“We have a solar something or rather. Don’t ask, I know nothing of science.”
Illiana arched an eyebrow. “Really?” she asked with interest. “Being that close to light is…” She paused. “It’s like your people jumping over to Shiarelle without any kind of protection to speak of.”
“Mm-hmm.” Luna nodded. “The people who work in the solar plantation are very careful with what they do, and they’re suited up like they’re going to battle with a nuclear warhead.” Illiana shuddered, and she chuckled. “We also have medical personnel on standby at all times.”
“I would hope so,” the endahlian female said emphatically.
Luna gave her an exasperated look and pulled the door closed. “Get cleaned up, I’ll make you something to eat.” Behind the closed door, she heard her harrumph, and then the sound of a woosh as the water came on.
Aria choked, and then coughed out a gout of blood. I hate being stabbed in the back, she thought silently as the person behind her withdrew the cold steel that hissed and steamed in the frigid air. All around her were the dead and the dying, and she was about to add more to the pile. She spun, almost slipping on the ice as she did so. She grabbed the shadowy figure and used him for balance. Before he could throw her off him, she drove a thin solar blade into his chest. Tendrils of shadow slithered over the ground, coming toward her, and they were moving fast. With a yelp, she used the dying assassin like a pole. When she was high enough, she used him like a springboard and launched herself through the air, away from him as he fell. Her back screamed in agony as she tucked herself into a ball and rolled in midair. She hit someone’s unoccupied hoverboard with a scream, and it swayed dangerously as she held her breath, praying that it wouldn’t flip over. White-hot agony blinded her as her useless wings did their best to knock her unconscious. Another scream tore out of her as someone landed beside her. The board jumped, tilted and spun, before someone righted it with a curse. “Aria,” Siv said as the hoverboard slowly descended to the ground. “On the scale of one to ten, how close are you to dying?”
“A hundred,” she growled and glared at her. The board touched the ice, and its propeller blades locked in place as Siv pulled on the side switch and sat down with a grunt. Silence fell, and Aria dreaded the moment when her wings had to be straightened out. They healed fast, but wings were the exception. Oh, they still healed when left alone, but if not straightened out and bones realigned… she shuddered and inwardly cringed at the thought. It also depended on the severity of the injury.
“Jacinda is on the way.”
“Is her mate with her?”
Siv shook her head. “She’s alone.” Aria grunted and pressed her cheek against the rough, cold surface of the hoverboard.
“You look comfy,” a female voice said cheerily. “You’re not going to fall asleep on me, are you?” Aria stiffened, a hiss escaping her throat as fingers trailed along the arc of one of her wings and downward. “Sorry,” Jacinda said and paused. “I’m afraid that this will get worse.”
“Just do it,” she growled and forced herself to relax. Black fire wreathed Jacinda’s hands, and Aria screamed as it seeped into her, all but burning her. Her screams echoed in the silence, and she blissfully passed out as darkness swiftly came over her.


* * * * * *



28

A couple of miles away, in one of the four studio apartments, Adela walked over to one of the windows and pushed it open. Sticking her head out, she took in a deep breath of the icy air and shuddered. “You know,” a low, male voice said from behind her. “it’s dangerous to stick your head out like that.” She yelped and jerked back in surprise. “That’s a first,” he said as she spun around.
“Silas!” she yelled and began punching him. She felt every impact, but at that moment, she didn’t care. “Stop!” Punch. “Sneaking!” Punch. “Up!” Punch. “On!” Punch. “Me!” Punch, punch, punch.
“Are you done?” he asked, amused. She drove her fist into his gut, hard enough to double him over. “Now, that’s not nice,” he wheezed, before straightening and turning to her.
“You are the most! Annoying! Assassin I ever had the misfortune to meet!” she yelled as she rubbed her stomach.
He smirked. “But you like me all the same. Though, I do wonder if you like me just for the sex.”
“Silas?”
“Hmm?”
“I’m going to murder you in your sleep.”
“Oh, come now,” he all but purred. “Are you sure you want to do that?” In response, she blushed. Silas chuckled and reached out a hand to stroke her cheek. “After we’ve been together on and off for the past years, you’re still blushing. I thought you’d be used to it since your people are all about someone’s pleasure and comfort.”
“We are,” Adela said and scowled. “Not that you’d know anything about such things.”
Silas leaned into her and smiled evilly. “Is that a challenge?” he growled in her ear and pulled her to him before she could move out of reach. “Because if it is…” A shuddering gasp escaped her as his hot tongue licked along the pulse in her neck. Her hands went to his shoulders, and he growled as her fingers stroked over the sensitive part of his wings. She arched into him and moaned as she rubbed her core over his erection. Since she could feel his lust as well as her own, it heightened the waves of sensation crashing into her. She forgot about the pain in her head and dug her fingers into him as his mouth came down on hers. Silas gripped her hips and lifted her, until her ass met the windowsill. He reached to close the window, before nudging her legs further apart. She let out a strangled moan as his hand slipped into her pants. She arched into him as hot fingers stroked her entrance, before slipping inside her. He growled as she grew hotter and became more wet. She squeezed his fingers, and she couldn’t even participate in the kissing as his tongue stroked against hers and explored her mouth. Silas broke the kiss with a chuckle and nuzzled her neck. She clutched at him, gasping and moaning as he stroked his fingers in and out of her. He slipped a third finger inside her, and she arched as he stretched her and circled his thumb over her clit. He thrust them in and out, and his mouth claimed her own as a strangled scream tore out of her. He hooked his fingers deep inside her and stroked her hard. She pulled her mouth from his and stiffened as the orgasm slammed into her. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head as she came with a loud moan. Adela shuddered at the waves of intense pleasure and didn’t even bother protesting as her pants were yanked off her. He removed the rest of her clothes, and she grew hot all over as she felt his eyes on her and the animal lust riding him. She was still undecisive if her empathic nature was a curse or a blessing. Okay, most of the time, it was a curse, but at that moment… She yelped as sharp fangs pricked the hollow of her throat.
“No biting,” she gasped and smacked his shoulder. Silas smirked and pulled back. He quickly stripped out of his own clothes and grabbed her. Her world blurred as he moved through shadows. Luckily, her light shield held. Her wings flared, a split second before her back met something soft.
“No worries,” Silas growled in her ear. “No venom.” She shuddered as his fangs grazed along her neck. “Did I mention that you are missing out?”
“Like a million times,” she said and moaned as he sucked on her neck. “Just be glad that I can bite you with no problem.” At that, she felt him growing harder against her.
“I suppose,” he growled and trailed his mouth from her neck to her breasts. He took one of her nipples into his mouth, and she arched as pleasure shot through her like lightning. More heat gathered between her legs, and she moaned as he suckled at her breasts. He licked at her nipples, sucking and swirling his tongue around each of them. She could honestly cum with just that alone. The combination of both their lusts washed over her in waves of ecstasy. Gasping and moaning, she writhed under him as he moved from her breasts and down her stomach, licking and nipping at her skin. He gripped her thighs and spread them wider. She moaned as he closed his mouth over her core. She writhed and arched into him, and he held her legs immobile as he licked her, his tongue delving inside her. Adela reached for him, her loud moans filling the room as she held him to her. Her fingers dug into his white-blond hair, and he growled as her nails scraped along his scalp. Her pleasure intensified, and she continued to moan as he sucked her clit into his mouth and suckled it. His tongue stroked into her, and she let out a whimpering moan as he swirled it inside her, thrusting in and out. He finally released her legs, and she wrapped them around him as he lifted her slightly. She screamed as he took all of her, licking, stroking, sucking. He thrust three fingers deep inside her, and her screams turned into a shriek as she squeezed him and came hard. His fingers continued to thrust within her, and he continued to lick at her swollen, throbbing clit as he worked her. Silas gently sank his fangs into her, and he could’ve sworn his ears were bleeding as she continued to scream. She thrashed and writhed as another orgasm slammed into her, one after another. She arched into his mouth, and all she could see was white as the pleasure from them both overwhelmed her. Silas withdrew, and she shuddered violently, moaning as she fell limply back against the bed. A sharp pain shot through her head, but she ignored it as Silas rose over her and pressed her into the mattress. “Say the word,” he hissed into her ear. “I’ll veil your mind.” Sometimes, she forgot just how perceptive he could be. Adela wrapped her arms and legs around him and smiled.
“No need,” she panted and arched into him.
“Very well, but if your brain explodes, I’m going to go on a murdering spree.”
“Deal,” she replied, groaning as he reached between them and probed her opening with his fingers. His hot length found her entrance, and a shuddering moan escaped her as he slowly pushed his way inside. Her inner walls clenched around him, and he growled as he began to move. She met his thrusts, gasping and moaning as hot pleasure surged through her. Silas dug his fingers into her hips, lifting her slightly as he drove himself into her fast and hard. He snarled into her neck, and it took all he had in him not to bite her and pump venom into her bloodstream. Sensing his need, Adela sucked in a gasping breath and moaned as she pressed her mouth to his neck and bit down hard. Since she didn’t have fangs, her bite was much harder, hard enough to break skin. His pleasure, which was a slow building burn along her every nerve, suddenly slammed into them both, and she hung on for dear life as he pounded into her. She released his neck, and she screamed as she came hard. Silas drove into her, going in deep as he came with a snarl. She convulsed around him, and she arched into him as he pulsed and jerked inside her, his hot release filling her. She went limp under him, moaning as the aftershocks rippled through her. Silas fell atop her, and for a long moment, they just lay there, not moving. Adela didn’t mind his weight on her, and she smiled with satisfaction as she stroked her fingers along his back. He sighed into her hair and tightened his arms around her. After another minute, he pulled out of her and rolled onto his back, taking her with him. She rested her head against his chest and snuggled into him with a sigh.
As sleep swept over her, Silas smiled and veiled her mind from all emotions that weren’t her own. Another sigh escaped her as she fell deeper into sleep. He held her, contented with just the nearness of her. He closed his eyes and took in a breath, before letting it out in a deep sigh. As the minutes passed, he returned his mind to the Black Hand Elite. The thought of them didn’t break his good mood. Not even the pinpricks of warning along his skin caused by the light dome that was on the floor beside the bed. He stroked her hair from her face and reluctantly disentangled himself from her. He was careful not to wake her as he slipped out of bed and stood. Turning, he rearranged her into a more comfortable position and pulled the light blue blanket over her. Pressing a kiss to her cheek, he reached for the light dome, squeezing his eyes shut as he moved the damn thing from the floor to the nightstand. Straightening, he quickly dropped his hand and ignored the burning pain as he made his way to the dresser. He grabbed his spare clothes from the bottom drawer and made his way to the door. Opening it, he stepped out and closed it quietly behind him. He pressed his fingers into his eyes, rubbing away the white spots as he continued his way to the bathroom. Once there, he willed the door shut and dropped his clothes on the counter. He took a quick glimpse into the ether, before stepping into the shower.
An hour later, Ice rain all but drenched Silas as he stopped at the end of the driveway and reached out with his senses. Sensing no one nearby, he jumped to the ether and quickly traversed it. He reappeared a minute later, dropping to the roof in a silent crouch. The sound of fist-sized chunks of ice pelting the roof would’ve probably drowned out any noise he made, but he didn’t like to take chances when on the job. He remained as he was a minute longer, before straightening. He gathered darkness to him, and it wrapped around him like a cool embrace. It whispered to him, wanting to be used. To the others, it would sound like a crowd whispering to each other, unintelligible and annoying as all fuck. To Silas, he heard the whispers as clear as if someone were standing on either side of him, hissing in his ear what they thought he should do in the foreseeable future: how to kill, how to torture, the best method to make someone scream. Over, and over, and over. It was a wonder that he was still semi-sane. Luckily, most nairues couldn’t hear the constant, sibilant whispers. Folding his silvery-blue wings tight to his back, Silas leapt from the roof and landed in a silent crouch. He straightened and strode to the front door. Before he could announce his arrival, it was pulled open by someone inside. “Are you here in an official capacity?” Luna asked, her tone devoid of all emotions.
“Yes,” he replied and looked past her. “I am.” She sighed, and he resisted the urge to smile.
“Please, do come in,” the chancellor said and pulled the door open wider. “out of the rain.”
“Thank you.” Luna inclined her head and stepped aside for him to enter. The moment he did, the door slammed shut behind him.
“Illiana and her guardian, Savitra, are in the kitchen. Please, come this way.” She led Silas down the short hall, through the cozy living space, and into the small kitchen. The two endahlians looked up from their food as they entered.
“You,” Savitra said and scowled at him. “You knocked me out.”
“My apologies,” Silas drawled and walked over to the counter. He leaned against it and stared at the three females. Savitra harrumphed and crossed her arms, giving him a narrow-eyed look. He sighed and rolled his eyes. “I’ll get right to the point, has he awakened?”
“Yes,” Luna replied and nodded to the closed door nestled in one corner of the kitchen. “He’s down there.” She paused. “I don’t think he’ll be able to tell us more than what I’ve already gotten from his mind.”
“Hmm,” he said thoughtfully and glanced at the archway. “Then, why did you not kill him? Why did you have Illiana heal his mind?”
“Well,” she said with a heavy sigh. “I only went half way. I stopped when I heard Aria and Siro reentering the building.” He nodded and took the bottle of Chiller that she held out to him. Twisting off the cap, he drained half of the contents, before recapping it and setting it on the counter.
“Have you questioned him further?”
“I have not.” Nodding, Silas straightened and glanced at the two endahlian females.
“Chancellor?” he said to Illiana and gave Savitra a nod. “Guardian? Please, excuse me.” They stared after him as he crossed the kitchen to the door that led underground. Instead of opening it and going down the steps, the air around Silas rippled, and he sighed as he became one with the shadows and flowed through the door, as if it was not there.
Arix felt like he was in a dream, but he knew full well that he wasn’t. His senses screamed for him to move, but unfortunately for him, he couldn’t even twitch a muscle. His vision suddenly went dark, and it took all he had in him not to yell out in surprise. The room was eerily silent, and he knew that he was no longer alone. Had a nice dreamless sleep? someone whispered into his mind. A hand cupped his throat, and he shuddered as the ice-numbing cold around his voice box disappeared. “Now,” the voice said aloud. “tell me about your faction. Specifically, the security details.”
“If I don’t give you what you want?” he asked and tensed.
“Do you really want to find out?”
“Not really.”
“Then perhaps, you can start talking.”
“You think I’m going to betray them?”
The male, because it was a male, chuckled. “You’re going to do more than that.” Before he could reply, the bands of ice holding him immobile vanished. He would have fallen if a hand didn’t grab his upper arm and whisked him through the shadows. The feel of weightlessness was there and gone, and Arix blinked furiously as his vision returned. He took in the white walls, the pale blue counters that ran along two sides of the room and the deadly-looking instruments sitting on them. In the center of the room was a dark and opaque table made of ice. “Welcome to my personal lab.” The male released him, and the temperature plummeted, until he could see thick vaporous tendrils in the air. “Tell me, have you ever been on the receiving end of a tormenter?”
Arix gulped. “Not in the way you mean,” he said reluctantly and finally turned to see his captor.
“Good,” Silas said and smiled. “This will be a new experience for you, then.” Without warning, the regulator grabbed him, and he grunted as he was slammed face first against something cold and hard. From the light vaper rising from the surface of it, it was dry ice. Silas put a hand to the middle of his back, pressing him into the table as tendrils of shadow bound him to the table. “So,” he said softly and leaned forward. “how are the security on your headquarters?”
“How would I know? I’m not part of that team.”
“Well, I’d hope we get off to an easy start.” He paused as the whispers grew louder in his head. “Actually, I don’t.” A tendril of black flame formed in his other hand, hardening until it became a thin blade of molten steel. Whisps of smoke rose from it as he pressed it to the male’s right shoulder, where back met wing. The moment the blade of black fire touched his skin, Arix screamed as red-hot agony slammed into him. He kept on screaming as the regulator pressed the blade into his skin. Blue blood welled up from the incision, hissing and sizzling in the icy air as it spread and dripped onto the table. Silas kept cutting, until one of the wings came away and vanished into a cloud of smoke. He watched as a few feathers floated in the air for a second, before slowly drifting to the floor. “Don’t worry,” Silas mused and switched to the left wing. “they will grow back.” He started back up on the cutting and glanced around the room. “Eventually.” After a quarter way through, the male passed out, and Silas sighed as he pulled back. “We’ll continue when you wake up,” he said and released his hold on the blade. It disappeared just as quickly, leaving behind a trail of smoke in the air. Walking over to one of the two counters in the room, he picked up a couple lengths of obsidian chain and returned to the unconscious nairue. With a grunt, he wrapped them around him and the table. They made a satisfying loud snapping sound as he connected the ends together. Nodding to himself, he exited the room and turned down the short hall.
“I have to say,” Jacinda mused as he entered the sublevel living space of his home. “that one has a nice set of lungs on him.”
“Eavesdropping, are we?” he asked and crossed the room to her.
“Well, it was kind of hard not to.” Like seventy-five percent of the nairues, Jacinda was tall. She had the usual white-blonde hair, and her eyes were light blue with flecks of silver in them. As he came to a stop in front of her, she folded her midnight-black wings and inclined her head to him.
“How did it go?”
“Fairly well, all things considered.”
“Hmm.” He nodded. “Have you found out anything further in regard to Hope?”
“I have, actually. Siv Bris has been quite instrumental in her part.”
“Oh?” he asked and gestured to the couches. “Have a seat, and please, do not leave anything out in your retelling.”
“If you insist,” she said and walked over. She sat and stretched out her legs, leaning back with a sigh. Silas followed and dropped down beside her. “First of all, Hope isn’t doing so well. More specifically, she has Malinsk.” He winced. “Yeah,” she said dryly. “not fun.”
“Does Aria and Siro know?”
“They do. Aria didn’t take the news so well, as you can imagine.” He grunted. “Anyways, they have guards patrolling the halls every ten minutes, and when they’re not patrolling, they have shadow guardians watching and listening.”
“Shadow guardians, hmm? Just in the halls?”
She nodded. “Yes.”
“What else?” In response, she slipped a hand into her pocket and pulled out a few sheets of thermal paper, unfolding them. She handed them over to him, and Silas smiled as he took them. “Well, this should be interesting,” he said and began to read. When he was done, he nodded and set them on the small table in front of him.
“Can we do it?” Jacinda asked and folded her arms behind her head.
“Yes,” he replied, drawing out the word. “Can you organize a team?”
“Of course.” She nodded. “Is there anyone in particular you want on the mission?”
“I don’t want Aria and Siro on the frontline. Other than that, use your best judgement.”
She smiled and stood. “Got it. When are we heading out?”
“Tomorrow, at first five bells.”
Jacinda inclined her head and melded with the shadows. “We will be ready,” she said and was gone.
Silas took in a deep breath and let it out sharply as he got to his feet. Shaking his head, he picked up the stack of papers and flashed from the room, up the stairs and straight for his office. He kicked the door shut and strode to his desk. Dropping the stack of papers onto it, he lowered himself into the chair and glanced at the calling mirror. At the moment, the glass surface shimmered silver, and he glared at his own reflection as he picked up a blue tracer. He tapped it against the mirror and tilted his head as he listened to the mindless whispers competing for his attention. “Silas?” At the sound of his name, he snapped back to reality and glanced around. He found the source of the sound and set down the tracer with a scowl.
“Evanna,” he drawled. From the mirror, she waved.
“How did you get my energy signature?”
“Luna.”
“Ah,” he said with a sigh. “I should have known.” He rolled his eyes, before putting his elbows on the desk and leaning forward. “How can I be a scary Caustra if everybody has my phone number?”
She snorted. “You don’t need any help on the scary scale.”
“Oh, good. For a second there, I thought I was losing my touch.”
“You want to talk about losing touch? I’m definitely losing mine.”
He inclined his head. “Do tell,” he mused and smirked.
“Later. Right now, The Scorpion faction is out for blood.”
“Are they? Hmm, I wonder why?”
“Yeah,” she said dryly. “Also, Luna is annoyed that you stole her plaything.”
He chuckled and leaned back in his chair. “Tell her that I’m sorry.”
“Like she’s going to believe that?”
“Point. Fine, I didn’t want to implode her guests’ fragile brains.”
“Awww,” she cooed. “how very considerate of you.”
“Not really.” Evanna grinned, her ice-blue eyes sparkling with humor. “How many Scorpions are out and about?” And where?” Estoria’s daughter leaned forward and placed her elbow on her thigh. Cupping her chin with her upturned hand, she gave him a thoughtful look.
“Six, I think,” she said and shrugged. “As for where, they’re at the clock tower. The one on the north side.”
He nodded. “Is there anyone on scene at the moment?”
“Mm-hmm. Kade and Zalia.”
“Two members of the Caustra?” he asked and chuckled.
“Yep,” Evanna said cheerfully and leaned out of mirror range. “I’m on my way there when I’m done talking to you.”
“Who are you taking?”
“Dezarie and Asher.” Silas nodded and stood. Reaching for the mirror, he picked it up and strode from his office.
“Let’s see what they are up to,” he said to Evanna and jumped into the ether.


* * * * * *



29

White light flashed before Zalia’s eyes as someone grabbed hold of her head and bashed it against the ice for the third time. She ignored the pain and nausea as she moved with lightning speed, grabbing her attacker and yanking him close. Opening her mouth, she snarled as she ripped into his throat, tearing it out with a spray of blood. She pushed up with her legs and wrapped them around him, her midnight-blue wings streaked with silver fluttering behind her. Flipping their positions, she grabbed what looked like a tiny cattle prod from her pocket. With another snarl, she stabbed it into the wound in his neck and hit the switch with her thumb. Bright, brilliant blue light flashed, scorching her retinas as it went off. Zalia jumped off her attacker and staggered from the shock of it. She stuck the spark switch back into her pocket and raised a hand to her eyes. Tears all but poured down her cheeks as she let out gasping breaths that sounded like she was dying. Her ears were ringing, and the sound of her pounding heart was loud, drowning out the ongoing battles around her. Spark switch, my ass, she silently thought and resisted the urge to throw up. More like a fucking god damn flare. After another few seconds, she pressed her hand to her eyes and let out a groan of pain. Sensing oncoming danger, she ducked, placing her hands on the slick ground as she swung herself to the side. Blinded to everything around her, she reached out with her other senses, putting them to good use as she pushed herself to her feet. Flaring out her wings to their full span, she flapped them furiously as she launched herself into the air. Someone grabbed her, and she growled as she pulled out a thin spike and drove it into the female. She screamed and released her, and Zalia smiled as she yanked it out and jumped on her, sending them both plummeting to the ground. She might be blind for the time being, but the rest of her worked just fine as she bared her fangs and snapped her jaws around her attacker’s throat. As she did so, she stabbed the spike deep into the side of her chest and twisted it, before yanking it back out and ripping out her throat. Zalia wrapped her arms around the female and flipped them, using her as a body shield as something whooshed through the air and stabbed downward. The female arched, and more blood splashed onto Zalia as the assassin atop her convulsed. Blood dripped into her eyes, and she blinked furiously against it as the burning pain increased. Tightening her hold around the dying female, she reversed their positions and dug her fingers into her neck. Claws extended from her fingertips, and she dug them in deeper, even as she felt the needle-thin blade pierce her side. With a snarl, she tore off the head and tossed it, smiling as it struck someone off in the distance. She was still leaking from her eyes, but luckily, the burning pain was easing, slow by slow agonizing second that felt like eternity to her. “Where is your cryosolution?” Silas asked from beside her and slapped something into her hand.
“I forgot it,” she said and uncapped the plastic bottle. Tilting her head back, she gently squeezed out three drops into each eye. She let out a sigh of relief as the solution did its work, soothing her eyeballs with an icy balm that spread into her brain. She capped the bottle and returned it to Silas with a smile. “Thanks,” she said and blinked away the excess drops.
“Any time,” he said and slipped a hand under her torn shirt, touching his fingers to the bleeding wound as he pulled her to her feet. Heat poured into her as he channeled black fire, and Zalia moaned at the feel of it. His arm came around her, holding her up as he withdrew his hand. Silas moved behind her, and she leaned back against him as he pressed his fingers to her temples. “This won’t be as pleasurable,” he said with a chuckle.
“There’s no need,” she said and rubbed her eyes. He paused and pulled his hands back slightly.
“Are you sure?” In answer, she opened her eyes and straightened, turning to face him. Silas inclined his head and studied her intently. After a moment, he nodded and stepped back. “Good, because Aria is here.”
“Oh, fun.” Zalia paused and glanced around at all the blood and body parts. “Not for us, is she?”
He chuckled. “No.”
Zalia smiled. “Good, because I’ve had my head bashed in enough times tonight.”
“I thought you enjoyed pain?” With a scowl, she kicked him, and she smirked as he winced. “I’m just saying.”
“Keep your opinions to yourself.”
He smirked. “Will do,” he said, and they both turned as Aria walked toward them. Her eyes were clear and focused, and Zalia was slightly relieved as she waved to the female.
“Aria,” she said and smiled. “glad you could join us.”
“Hmm,” the female said thoughtfully and stopped about five feet away from the two members of the Caustra. She looked around herself and let out a dejected sigh. “Seriously, I always miss the fun.”
Zalia smiled. “Next time, I’ll call you. How does that sound?”
“Like music to my ears,” the female said with a dreamy smile. A short distance from where they were standing, a squelching sound could be heard, and Aria ducked as something bloody and small came flying through the air at her. She straightened and spun around to glare at the female walking toward them.
“That’s the last of them?” Silas asked a long minute later. Evanna nodded and looked around. “Good.” Aria dug her toes into the snow that was in front of her and kicked it, sending a flurry of the white stuff flying into the air.
“Asher and the rest are on cleanup duty,” the female said and gave Aria a questioning look. “if you guys want to take off.” With a grunt, Aria launched herself into the sky, and then just hovered as she stared down at the three nairues, forgetting why she came to the clocktower in the first place. Evanna looked up at her and smiled as she waved. With a shake of her head, she huffed and whirled about. She took off, her wings beating the air as she went.
Icy wind whipped Aria’s hair from her face as she traversed the skies. After a few minutes, she folded her wings in and allowed herself to drop. Before she became a nairue pancake, she snapped open her wings and slowed her descent. Her bared feet found purchase on top of the wall that surrounded Winter Veil for miles. For a moment, she just stood there, taking in the view from fifty feet up. The guards standing atop one of the watchtowers gave her a nod, silently acknowledging her presence. With a sigh, she lowered herself into a sitting position and stretched out her legs, before turning and allowing them to dangle over the side. She leaned forward and rested her elbows on her thighs. Cupping her chin with her upturned hands, she stared out across the open span of frozen plains, lakes and oceans that stretched into the distance as far as the eye could see. “A terrum for your thoughts?” At that, Aria lifted her head and turned. She blinked at the endahlian female. She kept on blinking, as if that alone could make her disappear. Savitra, one of Illiana’s guardians, chuckled and moved from a crouch to a sitting position beside her. “I’ll take that as a no.” Aria grunted and placed her hands on the cold wall they were sitting on. She moved them behind her and let her arms take some of the weight as she leaned back.
“I was just thinking about the violence that’s going to take place in just a few bells,” she said to the endahli and smiled.
“I figure as much,” Savitra said with a heavy sigh. “Don’t you ever want peace?”
“Oh, of course, but first and foremost, we nairues will always have murder on our minds and sadistic tendencies in our hearts.” Aria laughed softly and shrugged. “It’s even etched in stone.” She sighed. “Written in blood, no less.”
“Hmm,” the female said thoughtfully, her blue-green eyes meeting her own. “I guess I can’t complain. After all, I and my people are not ones to talk when it comes to bloodshed and violence.”
Aria inclined her head, and then nodded. “We all have a story to tell, don’t we?”
“That we do,” the endahli said with a heavy sigh. Reaching into her pocket, she pulled out a couple of wrapped bars and held one out to her. The nairue sat up and took it. With a scowl, she stared at the silvery-blue wrapper intently. “It’s chocolate crackle bar. I assure you, it’s not poison.” Aria chuckled, nodding as she opened it.
“Just checking,” she said and bit off a small piece. Silence fell between them as they slowly ate and stared off into the distance, lost in their own thoughts. In her pocket, her E-Net pinged with an incoming message.
“Siro?” the endahli asked as she pulled out the device.
“No, we mostly communicate telepathically,” she replied and squinted at the barely visible message on the screen. With a swipe of her finger, the message floated upward and hung in midair in front of her face. When silence stretched between them for a minute or two of her just staring at the shimmering message, Savitra nudged her and arched an eyebrow in question. Aria shook herself and waved a hand through the air, dispersing it. “One of my elites being impatient. You’d think she be a pro at waiting, but alas, no.”
The endahlian female smirked. “Let me guess, Karis?” She grunted and stuck the last bite of chocolate into her mouth. Slipping her E-Net back into her pocket, Aria slid off the wall and dropped straight down. She grunted as the impact jarred through her feet and up her legs. Turning, she looked up at the guardian, who was on her feet with her sky-blue wings spread. Lifting a hand, Aria waved, before turning back around and sprinting across the wide span of open plain.
After ten minutes or so of sprinting, Aria slowed as she turned down a path that led into a forest. She came to a complete stop as she spotted a glow up ahead. Well, what do we have here? she silently muttered to herself as she inclined her head and shielded her eyes. The glow wasn’t bright, but it was bright enough to scorch her retinas. She blinked and kept on blinking to prevent tears from rolling down her cheeks. Taking a deep breath, she melded with the shadows and continued her way toward the dim yellow glow. She came upon a small clearing, and she glared at the source of the light, which were eight torches arranged in a circle. In the circle of light were four redarians. What were they doing here? she thought and mentally grabbed a blade of pure silver from the ether. It glinted in the light as she moved closer. Since the three males and one female were facing each other, they didn’t see the deadly blade held by her unseen hand, too busy staring at the parchment between them. Aria drifted closer to one of them and peered down at the white parchment. She almost lost her grip on the blade as she saw her daughter’s name scrawled in red ink. Gripping the weapon tighter and ignoring the searing pain of the light, she reached out and pressed the cold silver to his throat, before slitting it wide open with one quick jerk of her hand. A wet, choking sound escaped him as she drew back from the light. “Fuck!” one of them snarled as he and the one next to him jumped to their feet. Behind them, the shadows moved. Her sister and Karis solidified, and she smiled as they drew their own blade across their target’s throat. They dropped to the ground and began to writhe as the poison quickly took them. If they could scream, they would have. The three assassins turned to the last Redari, who was pulling something from her pocket. Before she could complete that task, Aria solidified behind her and kicked her knees out from under her. The female redari fell face first into the one-inch snow, and Aria didn’t give her a chance to recover. The female screamed as she grabbed her wings and pulled them back. Hard. Seven of the eight torches went out, and Aria sighed with relief as she pressed a knee into the female’s spine. She leaned forward and pricked her shoulder with a fang. Aria smiled as the female began to seize. After a moment, she went limp, paralyzed from the drop of venom that she had injected. She released the female and reached out, tapping a finger against her cheek.
“So tell me, what is it that the Black Hand want with my daughter?” Aria asked and withdrew her hand.
“You crazy psycho bitch!” the female hissed through a closing throat. It came out more of a strangle wheeze rather than what she was aiming for.
“Oh, don’t give me that shit. We’re all a bunch of crazy psycho bitches around these parts. I’m a nairue, it’s in my nature.” As the female struggled to breathe, Jayna walked over and crouched beside her sister, the parchment held between her fingers. “Sister,” Aria greeted as Karis came over with the single torch held as far from her as was possible without dropping it. She stopped on Aria’s other side and set down the light beside the Redari’s head. Drawing back her burning hand, she hissed in pain and snarled, baring her fangs. Resisting the urge to kick the redari’s face in, she melted into the shadows and stood over the two nairues, her senses on high alert.
“Roll her over,” Jayna said and smiled. “Let us see what she has in her pockets.” Aria grunted and flipped the female onto her back. Before she could pass out, the nairue pulled out a metal tube and stabbed it into the redari’s trachea, opening a hole for easier breathing. As the female gasped in much needed air, Aria pulled back and took the parchment from her sister.
“One of you go through her pockets, I’m more interested in this.” She held up the parchment of interest,, and then began to read. The further down she got, the more enraged she became. By the time she finished, her vision had turned red, and the sound of rushing blood was loud in her ears. “Anzril is mine,” Aria snarled as the parchment in her hand burst into flames.
“As he should be,” Siro said, a split second before the sound of steel meeting steel rang loud in the silence. Aria looked up to find Karis’ wrist held in Siro’s unbreakable hold, her dagger crossing his. “Easy, Viper,” he growled, his red eyes boring into her own blue ones.
“Sorry,” Karis said and took a step back. “Forgive me.” Siro gave her a cool smile, before releasing her and pulling Aria to her feet. She reached up and patted his stomach as she leaned into him.
“Why are you in a mood?” Aria asked and let out a heavy sigh.
“Why are you?” he asked and looked down at her.
“I asked first.” He chuckled and cupped her cheek affectionately. “Well?” she prodded when he remained silent.
“We lost a couple of our own,” he replied after a long moment of hesitation. She stiffened as unbridled rage consumed her. Siro wrapped her in his arms, holding her to him as she began to furiously struggle against him like… well, like a demon possessed. As for the other two nairues in the clearing with them, they were just as pissed. The only thing that stopped them from taking off right then and there was the unconscious redarian female, and the fact that there wasn’t anything they could do about it. Judging from Siro’s murderous expression, he had taken care of the problem. Apart from that, they couldn’t abandon their duty as Aria’s personal guards. At least, Karis couldn’t. “Finish up here,” Siro said to them and lifted Aria off her feet. “When you’re done, come see me.” Jayna and Karis inclined their heads in acknowledgement. A heartbeat later, he and Aria were gone.
Althea and Aurora stood in the middle of Myra’s bar; the chairs and tables pushed up against the walls. Myra herself was leaning against the bar, for once, not standing behind it and serving drinks. “Do you have to summon her here?” she asked for the fourth time.
“Neutral territory!” the other two endahlians exclaimed in unison. She sighed and dropped onto one of the six stools. She folded her arms atop the bar and rested her chin on them. The sound of something being crushed reached her, and silence hung heavy and thick in the air as they held their breaths. The temperature suddenly dropped several degrees, and she shuddered as the smell of icy rain and snow reached her, along with the smell of eucalyptus and mint. A grunting sound reached her ears, and she slowly turned, in time to see Luna pushing herself to her feet and brushing snow from her face. She shook like a dog caught out in the rain, and then she looked around, quickly taking in everything.
“Well,” the chancellor of the nairue said and smiled. “this will for sure send my sentinels into apoplectic fits.” She chuckled and glided over to Myra. “Come, come. Sit.” With that, she lowered herself onto the stool that was to the endahli’s right. Althea and Aurora glanced nervously at each other, before pulling up a stool and sitting.
“So,” Aurora said slowly, hesitantly. “What did you want to talk to us about?”
“Right to the point,” the chancellor said approvingly and chuckled. “Have you heard of Anzril?” All three endahlians blinked and just stared at her in confusion. She sighed. “Fine, how about the Zephyr?”
“The faction?” Althea asked.
“Yes.” They nodded. “Is one of you a member?”
“We all are,” Aurora said and frowned.
Luna nodded. “Have you girls killed before?” They stared at her, unblinking. She sighed and let her head fall back, until she was staring up at the ceiling. The dimmed light of the bar was painful to her sensitive eyes, but she ignored it and groaned. “It’s a yes or no question,” she said dryly and leaned forward to thunk her head against the bar top.
“Why do you want to know?” Myra asked, hesitance in her every word.
“The Viper Syndicate, along with the Caustra—our police force—are getting ready to take down the Black Hand Elite. I’m sure you’ve heard about it?” She lifted her head to look at them. The three endahlians nodded. “There are a lot of them, and we need allies.”
“We’ll help,” Myra said and nodded to herself.
Luna smiled. “I take it that you’ve killed before.”
“We have,” Aurora said with a sigh. “Let me tell you, I had a migraine for weeks as a result.”
The chancellor smirked. “Well, to ease your mind, my people will protect your poor, fragile little brain in the process.”
“Good enough for me,” Althea said and smiled.
“Hmm, here I am, thinking that we nairues are the bloodthirsty ones. You’re beginning to prove me wrong.” She frowned. “I don’t know how I feel about this.”
“Happy?” Aurora suggested.
“Hmm.” After a long moment of contemplating, Luna shrugged. “Sure. Also, you took your time in summoning me.”
“Sorry.”
“Oh, don’t be. It gave us time to work out a plan.”
“Which is?” Althea asked.
“Break in and slaughter everyone in sight?”
“What?” all three asked in unison.
Luna blinked at them, and then smiled. “I think it’s a perfect plan.”
“Insane,” Aurora said under her breath and shook her head.
“Oh, come now, we’re going to have so much fun.” The chancellor slipped off her stool and stood with an evil smirk. “Just you wait.” She turned and slowly made her way to the door. “Make sure that you’re in Rislyn half a bell from now. Once you are, seek out Jacinda.” Before any of them could protest, Luna stepped outside, melding with the shadows as she went.
“Wake up!” Hope came awake with a jolt, and then she screamed as agony consumed every inch of her, burning her. The nairue male, dressed in all black that covered every inch of his skin, smiled with satisfaction as his gloved finger hit the switch located on the side of the table. The soft blue current that ran through the metal shut off a heartbeat later, but the youngling continued to scream and writhe against the restraints holding her down. He pulled a chair over and sat, sighing as he waited her out. Luckily, he didn’t have to wait long. Her gasps and screams died down to ragged panting, and she shook violently as she slowly composed herself. “Are you done?” the nairue sitting beside her table drawled. Hope took in a wheezing breath that burned her throat. She couldn’t speak, and even if she could, she wouldn’t have bothered. “I’ll take that as a yes.” She heard him stand, and she wondered, briefly, how long she was going to remain conscious for whatever was to come next. “Do you know what this is?” he asked and placed something closed to her nose. “We’ve been giving you this, but I figured it’s time for you to know what it is we’ve been injecting you with.” He chuckled. “I know you can’t see, but your sense of smell works just fine.” He leaned down and pushed back her hair. “So, tell me, Hope. What is it?” When she remained silent, he sighed and reached for the switch. “If you don’t answer, I’m going to turn the light back on.” Hope let out a shuddering sigh and gently sniffed at whatever he was holding. As the scent of antifreeze and menthol hit her nose, she went rigid. “Ah, there she is,” the male said and removed the syringe. “I thought you dropped off on me.” He tapped a finger against her cheek and smiled. “I’m still waiting.”
“Obsidian Ice,” Hope said weakly and closed her eyes as she went limp.
“Good,” he drawled and withdrew his hand. “That’s very good.” Taking hold of her arm, he lifted it and pressed the needle to the vein in her wrist. “This is the largest dose to date.” He pressed the needle in slightly, before pausing. “If you’re wondering, you’re the only one being exposed to this. The others have their own experiment going on.”
“Why?” she asked, not even bothering to raise her voice above a whisper.
He chuckled. “Well, isn’t that the million dollar question?” He pressed the needle in deeper and shrugged. “Anzril probably has his reasons, but it’s most likely because of curiosity’s sake. We wanted to see what we can make of you. Super assassins, maybe.” Okay, Hope thought wearily. These people are more insane than she realized. They didn’t need super anything, they were powerful enough as they are. “Now, remain still, this will only take a couple of seconds. Then, it’s back to dreamland for you.” With that, the nairue pushed the needle in completely and pressed down on the plunger, releasing the obsidian liquid that burned like fire and ice combined.


* * * * * *



30

Time stood still, as if the universe itself knew what was about to happen. Crouched on the rooftop of a nearby building, Adela strained to see as much as she could. The little light around her couldn’t do shit, since she was forced to hide it. It was that or be spotted. If that were to happen, the whole mission would be fucked all to hell, and that was an understatement of the century. Luckily, hiding her light took no effort on her part. Her skin crawled with so many predators around her, and she couldn’t hold back an involuntary shudder. Evanna, who was crouched beside her, looked over and smiled. The female nairue gave her shoulder a reassuring pat, and then tilted her head to the side, as if listening to something. Evanna motioned her closer, and Adela nodded as she leaned in. “Savitra and Vega just got in,” the nairue whispered, so low that she would’ve missed it if she hadn’t been concentrating so hard. “We’ll head in when Jacinda gives me the signal.”
“What is the signal?” Adela mouthed to her, knowing full well that the assassin could see her clear as day.
Evanna grinned. “You’ll know when you see it,” she whispered directly into her ear. Behind her pair of special-made, lightproof wraparounds, her ice-blue eyes were sparkling with excitement. Adela glanced at the business-like building that was a block down from where they were and nodded. She couldn’t see the other assassins that surrounded the headquarters of the Black Hand, but she sure as hell could sense them. It felt like a million eyes were on her, and the fact that she could feel their emotions—cold and dark with anticipation—didn’t help the matter any, either. “Here,” the nairue said and handed her what looked like a penlight.
“You carry around light?” she asked and took it with a frown.
“Sure, why not? The one I just gave you; we use it to blind. Just hit the clicker thingy and aim for the eyes, of course.”
Adela nodded. “Thanks.” Before she could try out her new weapon, there was a flash of white light off in the distance, followed by bloodcurdling screams of agony. She almost fell on her ass in surprise. She would have, too, if not for Evanna, who grabbed her and moved them through shadows. They appeared just inside the building, and Adela gasped as she was shoved to the floor. The nairue wasn’t even gentle about it, either.
“Stay low,” Evanna hissed in her ear. “Be sneaky.” With that, the assassin was gone. Adela rolled her eyes and sighed as she hugged the floor and looked around. There was another flash of light so bright that it all but blinded even her. She rubbed away the white spots in her vision and pushed onto her elbows. Too bad that she couldn’t rub away the throbbing pain in her ears, too. In the distance, she heard more screams. Pushing to her feet, she stayed close to the wall as she made her way to the nearest friendly assassin, who was crouched at the other end of the hall. She could’ve just strode down the length of it like anyone else, but the likelihood of her getting shot at or stabbed at was pretty high. With a sigh, she reached down and unsheathed a solar dagger.
“I hope you’re not going to use that against me,” the assassin drawled as she sidled up to him.
“And if I was?” she asked and twirled the dagger. Sagan turned to her and smiled.
“Then, we might have a problem, you and I.”
She nodded. “I also have this,” she said and showed him the penlight.
He chuckled. “You came prepared.”
“Not really, Evanna gave me the penlight.”
He arched an eyebrow at that. “Penlight?”
“It’s what I call this solar beam.”
“Ah,” he said and nodded.
“What’s going on in one of the rooms?”
“I haven’t the slightest idea.”
“Hmm,” she said and inclined her head. “You know what I think?”
“What’s that?”
“I think someone is being murdered in there.” She pointed to one of the closed doors half way down the hall.
“Oh?”
“Multiple someones, in fact.” Adela let out an undignified squeak as the assassin knocked her backward and rolled atop her. Before she could ask what the hell he was doing, an explosion rocked the building, deafening her and sending her brain into a world of agony. Sagan’s world also exploded into agony, though for a different reason. The female’s agonized screams made his ears bleed, but that was nothing compared to the fiery pain along his back and the right side of his body. He lifted himself off the female and looked down at her. Silver blood trickled out the corners of her eyes and all but poured from her nose. He winced as she dug her fingers into the sides of her head, as if she could physically claw out her brain. Rolling off her, he lifted her into a sitting position and pulled one of her hands away from her ears. With a sigh, he reached into her mind and surrounded her in the cool embrace of the veil. He let out a mental sigh of relief as her screams died down to moans. The sound of her heart thundered in his ears as he—to simply put it—massaged her brain. He sent wave after wave of icy breeze that caressed her mind, easing away her pain and slowing down her frantic heart. After what felt like eternity to him, the female let out a shuddering sigh, trembling as she used him as leverage to stand. “Thank you,” she said with a small smile. “I was caught off guard. It won’t happen again.” Sagan inclined his head and followed her up. “Shall we join in on the fun?”
He smiled. “I thought you’d never ask,” he growled as the shadows around them came to life.
“Guardians incoming!” Siv yelled over the screams of the wounded and dying.
“Move in!” Silas ordered, both aloud and telepathically. “Whatever you do, do not, and I repeat, do not let them touch you! For those of you who have any sources of solar or lunar light, use them to their fullest potential!” With pleasure, Siv thought and rushed one of the shadow guardians. Vega, who was grinning like a maniac, let out a scream of pure delight and divebombed one of the shadowy creatures, her solar flare held aloft. Before it could drain her, she drove the blazing torch-like device into the center of its head, driving it downward as it let out a piercing, high-pitched whistle of agony.
“Die, fucker!” she snarled and ripped her arm free of the disintegrating mass of darkness. It was a good thing, too, because she caught another one as it whipped out a tendril toward her head. She stabbed a third one with her solar dagger, wincing at the whistling sound they emitted when in pain or dying. Her gloves hands were a blur as she whirlwind around the room, hitting as many of the creatures as she could. They were easy enough to take down, but a mass of them could be a problem if not careful. There were many versions of them, and the ones they were going up against were mainly used for distraction tactics. They were also annoying as fuck.
“I prefer killing these things,” Savitra said and nodded to one of the guardians, before shooting it in the face with her laser emitter.
“That’s because they don’t have emotions to speak of,” Vega said dryly and kicked one of the Scorpions in the face.
“Good point,” the endahlian female said and shot another one as it made a grab for Aria, who was too out of it to notice the approaching danger. She had Siro at her side, but he was too busy decapitating a Black Hand to help. The male nodded a ‘thanks’ to Savitra, before hooking an arm around Aria’s middle and pulling her back against him.
“So,” Vega said and dodged a dagger thrust. “how come you’re not on the floor, clutching your head and screaming in agony?” she asked her partner as they made their way to the destroyed door.
Savitra snorted, kicking aside debris of broken furniture. “Training,” she said simply. “Lots and lots of training. Not that it helps any, mind you. I just don’t pass out from emotional overload as much as I used to. I don’t know what’s worse.”
“Huh,” Vega said thoughtfully as they reached the doorway. “Left or right?”
“Left,” the endahli said and shot a dark blue beam out into the hall. Judging by the whistling sound that assaulted their ears a split second later, she gotten off a lucky shot. “I rather do like this little device,” she said and glanced at the little BB gun-like weapon with a narrow tube thingy attached to it. “Mind if I keep it?”
Vega shrugged. “You’ll have to ask Silas. It’s from his collection of weaponry.” The endahli nodded and fired off another shot.
“I’ll cover you,” Siv said from behind them and began shooting silver light into the darkness.
“Okay, I want that weapon, too,” Savitra said and followed Vega out into the hall. “Lunar shard?”
“Yeah,” Siv replied and fired off another silver lumen glass shard. “I’ll get you one.”
“Thanks.”
“Don’t mention it.” Savitra ducked as a dark tendril whipped through the air. One of her hands flashed, and she glared at the thing as she drove a thin golden blade through the inky mass of darkness that made up the shape of a humanoid figure.
“Annoying,” the endahli muttered as they continued their way down the hall. Before they could make it to their destination, which were the double doors at the end, a body came sailing through the air. The unfortunate soul was skewered through by a sword, and Savitra winced as she saw its wielder.
“Oh,” Aria said, sounding wounded. “don’t look so pained. It’s not like you’ve never seen death before.” One of the female members of the Black Hand screamed as the Viper angled the sword, enough so that she slid off the dark steel. To Savitra, it looked like it was happening in slow motion as she watched. Aria watched her in turn, as if fascinated by the thought of her reacting to such violence. The endahli just stared at her, the skewered female forgotten at their feet. Siv and Vega glanced at each other, as if to ask, ‘Should we intervene?’ At the end, they didn’t, because Sagan and Adela chose that moment to appear.
“Guardian?” Adela asked and stopped in her tracks. “are you all right?” Savitra and Aria broke their staring contest and turned to the newcomers.
“Well well,” Aria mused and smiled as she planted a foot in the still alive and very much bleeding female between them, driving her back down to the floor with a scream of pain. “this is lovely.”
“No, Aria,” they all said in unison, and Sagan grabbed her before she could do whatever she was about to do.
“What?” she asked and glanced down at the dripping sword held at her side. “No making heads go pop?”
“Oh, you can certainly make heads go pop and all that,” Sagan said and hauled her back. “but no bringing home toys, especially live ones.”
“Fine,” she said with a dejected sigh. “if you insist.” She smiled up at him. “Shouldn’t you be with Luna, sentinel?” She frowned. “Speaking of, where is the chancellor?”
“Don’t you worry about her. Jez and Hunter has her in sight at all times.”
“Mmmmmm.” With another sigh, she stopped resisting Sagan and allowed him to walk her the rest of the way down the hall with the others following. The sword being dragged along the floor made a loud screeching sound that caused everyone in the vicinity to wince in pain. “Have you found my daughter?”
“Not yet, but I believe she’s on one of the lower levels,” Vega said and glanced at Siv.
“She is,” Siv confirmed, nodding. Before she could say more, a hand shot from the shadows and grabbed Savitra, yanking her into the cold grip of darkness as whoever had hold of her shadow-walked out of there. Pain suffused every inch of her body as something cold was stabbed into her gut. She screamed and grabbed at the weapon before it could go in any deeper. Pulling it out, she used every ounce of willpower to ignore the pain and spun around. She snapped out one of her wings, sending a nairue flying into the wall before he could grab her.
“Now, that is not nice,” Aria said and punched a hand between his ribcage and wrapped her fingers around his heart. “We weren’t done talking.” With that, she tore out the beating organ and threw it at another nairue, who was in mid-lunge for one of Illiana’s guardians.
“Thanks,” the guardian yelled, before taking one of the Scorpions to the ground and raining down punches into his face. The leader of the Viper grinned and gave the guardian a salute and ducked back into the shadows.
“Right,” Aria muttered under her breath as she weaved between the combatants. Blue blood dripped from her hands as she focused on not getting herself killed. She twirled, flipped, ducked and jumped her way across the room, even sliding along the blood-slicked floor a couple of times or five. She wasn’t keeping count. Reaching her destination, which was the door, she grabbed it and ripped it the rest of the way off its hinges. Sensing the deadly heat of light, Aria spun and used the door like a bat. It was that or using the split-second window to grab her sword. A split second was long enough for the enemies to get a drop on her. Though awkward to maneuver, she managed to bash his head in a few times. Dropping her improvised weapon of choice, she grabbed her sword, and not giving him time to recover, she decapitated him with one smooth move. She didn’t watch his head roll across the floor. Instead, she spun and ran from the room. As she made her way down the hall, a shadow guardian grabbed for her. With an indignant scream, she grabbed a yellow marble from her pocket and threw it at the damn thing. She quickly threw a second one, and mentally directing the trajectory, she made sure that it crashed into its twin. It sounded like someone cracking something open as it broke apart. The shadow guardian made a high-pitched sound that grated against her eardrums as the golden liquid quickly burned it from the inside out. A few seconds later, the shadow guardian was nothing more than a plume of grey ash that scattered to the winds. Glaring at the spot where it used to be, she wished that they didn’t die so easily. Rolling her eyes, she made her sword disappear. She sped down the hall and burst through the swinging door at the end of it. Using her momentum to her advantage, she tackled one of the assassins guarding the door and sent them both tumbling down the stairs. When they reached the bottom, Aria flipped them and sprang to her feet. A gasp escaped her a second later as the other assassin guard slammed into her. White light burst behind her eyes as her head made contact with the unyielding floor. Pain flared in her neck as he tore into it with his fangs. She let out a scream of rage and drove her fist into his ear. He reared back with a snarl of pain, and she took the opening to drive a foot into his gut. Feeling like she was about to puke up her brain, she rolled onto her feet and brought up a dagger in time to parry the first guard’s thrust. She sensed Siro before she saw him, and she smiled to herself as she heard the unmistakable sound of a spine being brutally torn out. She and her attacker circled each other, both of them waiting for an opening to strike.
“It was wrong of you to come tonight,” he growled, and with lightning speed, sent an uppercut to her jaw. She staggered from the blow, but remained upright.
“How is it wrong of me to come?” she asked and rubbed at where he had hit her. “I’m not the only one here tonight, you know? If anything, you’re the one who should be running.”
He arched an eyebrow at that and gave her a cold smile. “We don’t run.”
“Is that your motto? If it is, it sucks.” Aria made her solar dagger vanish and charged him. She went in low and took his legs out from under him. He recovered quick, cursing her out as he drove a fist into her gut. He grabbed her and lifted her into the air, before slamming her onto the banister. A sickening crunching sound filled her ears as he snapped her spine. She screamed, and kept on screaming as she slid off the banister to the floor. Siro, who was busy killing off more shadow guardians and other assassins, staggered from the sudden flare of pain. If Aria wasn’t able to block her pain from him… He grabbed a red-masked assassin and brained him against a heavy-looking gilded mirror, only stopping when his head was nothing more than a bloody mess of unrecognizable pulp. To make certain that he was dead, Siro stabbed a solar dagger into his heart and twisted the blade, before yanking it out with a spray of dark blue blood. With a low growl, he leapt over a Viper grappling with a Black Hand. He melded with the shadows as he moved from one place to another, solidifying at Aria’s side. Siro’s hands shot out, wrapping one of them around the assassin’s throat as he grabbed the wrist with the other one. He leaned back, tightening his grip as he quickly assessed their surroundings. Rage was like a volatile thing inside him, and Siro bared his fangs, snarling as he surged forward and propelled the assassin headfirst into the wall. Yanking the dagger from his hand, Siro stabbed it into the assassin’s neck. Screams filled his ears as he unsheathed a long thin blade and drove it all the way into the assassin’s gut, pinning him to the wall.
“Karis! Althea!” he yelled, both aloud and mentally. “Come to me!” The nairue female and the endahlian female stepped from the shadows a few seconds later, and if it were not for the protective wraparounds he was wearing, he would’ve been blinded by the light that accompanied the endahli. Althea almost dropped her light dome as the waves of pain and rage slammed into her. Luckily, the dome was the kind with a handle on it for easier grip. On the floor, Aria continued to groan in pain as her spine finished healing.
“Sir?” Karis asked and looked around.
“Guard us,” Siro growled and took Althea by the arm. He led the female to Aria and knelt beside her.
“Oh, my favorite healer,” Aria said and smiled. Althea swallowed down the emotions that weld up within her and placed a hand on Aria’s arm.
“Do a scan,” Siro said gently to the female and pushed down his rage. “please.”
“I don’t need one,” Aria protested. “I’m fine.” She pushed herself onto her elbows, but he rested a hand on her shoulder and eased her back down.
“It doesn’t hurt to check,” he said and glanced behind him as Siv stepped from the shadows.
“I called her,” Karis said as three unfriendly assassins rounded the corner and came to an abrupt stop.
“You!” one of them growled at Siv.
“Miss me?” Siv asked and smiled.
“Traitor!”
“Please, tell me that you’re not surprise.”
“Inform Anzril,” another one growled.
“Oh, no need.” She chuckled. “He already knows.”
“Bitch!” the first one snarled and lunged for her.
“Right back at you,” she said and punched him in the face. With a snarl, he tackled her. White light burst before her eyes as he headbutted her. Gasping in pain, she threw him off and pulled out her dagger. Before she could stab him, three more unfriendly assassins appeared out of nowhere.
“Stop!” a female voice yelled over the growling, hissing, and snarling combatants. “Now!” Luna snarled, and the temperature plummeted by several degrees. Siv dropped her dagger and put her hands in the air, as if the chancellor was the Caustra and she was about to be hauled away by her liver for interrogation. “I just have one question,” the chancellor continued and stepped into view. “Which one of you wants to stay alive?” When no one responded to her question, she let out a heavy sigh. “Althea?” Althea, who was pulling back from a resigned-looking Aria, stood and took out something from her pocket. As Siv watched, she threw that something at the farthest assassin from her. When the sphere-like object made contact with his chest, it exploded like a bomb, throwing him back into a wall, a wall that began to smoke and steam around him. He let out a bloodcurdling scream, deafening everyone in the hall. Althea dropped to her knees and clutched at her head as the assassin died a very painful death. “Now then,” Luna said and smiled. Before she could say more, Aria stood and ripped off the nearest assassin’s head. “Never mind,” the chancellor said and laughed as she disappeared. “Forget I ever asked,” her disembodied voice floated to them, sounding very amused. Althea moaned in pain as silver blood poured from her nose.
“Fuck me,” the female endahli said and groaned as she slowly pulled her hands from her head. Wiping blood from her nose, she took several deep breaths in and out. She closed her eyes and just breathed as she fought down the nausea.
“Sorry,” Aria said from beside her. Placing a hand on the endahli, she channeled the cold darkness within her and surrounded Althea’s mind in a veil. The female let out a sigh of relief and opened her eyes.
“Thank you.”
“Don’t mention it.” Grabbing her by the arm, Aria helped her to her feet. “Now, shall we head below?” Althea nodded and looked around, before ducking and making a run for the stairs that led down to the sublevel floors.
“We shall,” the endahlian female said and jumped over the banister, dropping onto an unsuspecting assassin from thirty feet up and wrapping her arms around his neck as he hit the floor with a crunch of broken bones.


* * * * * *



31

“Go!” Silas yelled, both aloud and mentally. “Go! Go! Go!” With a scream of rage, Aria charged the heavy steel door and body-slammed it. Sadly, it didn’t burst open on impact. From the waves of freezing air coming through it, someone was holding it shut, and because of that, she knew that she was perilously close to where she wanted to be. Aria snarled and rammed the door, pounding and kicking the dam thing for all she was worth. With each slam of her body, it slowly gave way. Behind her, Althea was kicking ass like the emotions around her didn’t affect her at all. In truth, she was swamped with wave after wave of rage and pain. Several times throughout the mission, she nearly passed out from the many sudden deaths around her. By the time it was over, she was going to be a sobbing mess on the floor and praying for death.
“Open! This! Fucking. Door!” Aria screamed and channeled her own magic. With a snarl, she blasted it with a wave of black fire. Around her, the air crackled and sizzled as she poured it on, as if the door was a funnel and she was the endless fount. The sound of something sizzling grew louder as she increased the temperature.
“Duck!” Althea yelled. Without any hesitation, the nairue did as she was told. Aria’s ears popped as a Gail-forced wind came at her. Instead of hitting her, it went over her head and straight for the door, blasting it into a million pieces of liquifying metal that rained down on whoever was unlucky enough to be in its path. As it was, someone let out a pained scream as she and Althea moved in a blur—almost simultaneously—toward the sound. The endahlian female all but divebombed the male nairue, sending them both crashing to the floor. Wrapping her hands around his throat, she squeezed, and kept on squeezing as Aria darted passed them. “Now, let’s you and I have a little chat,” Althea purred in his ear and dug her thumbs into either side of his throat. “If I release you, will you try to kill me?” His red eyes narrowed, and the female let out a grunt of pain as he broke her hold and flipped them. Althea wrapped her arms around him, and he snarled in pain as she grabbed his wings and pulled. With an enraged scream, he bit savagely into her arm. Althea screamed as she jerked it free, but it was too late as the venom slowly took effect. Before the numbness could set in, she drove a fist into his throat, even as she kicked up with her lower body. With a snarl of her own, she launched him into the air with her hands and slammed him against the ceiling with a blast of wind. With what was left of her willpower, she pinned him there as she gave herself a moment to breathe. Except, she didn’t get to, because the moment she was on her feet, a tendril of darkness was pushed into her mind. “Fuck!” she screamed as she lost her hold on him. Staggering back a few steps, she reached up and clutched her head as nausea rose. White light burst before her eyes as the nairue did his best to turn her brain into a solid block of ice. Althea moaned in pain, and she nearly passed out as she channeled her own magic to combat the brain freeze.
“You’re tougher than you look, healer,” the nairue growled and came at her. Air whooshed out of her as he slammed his shoulder into her stomach and knocked her off her feet. As they went down, she reached into her air pocket in the ether and pulled out a solar dagger. The effort alone almost cost her as her entire body spasmed and seized. Silver blood poured from her eyes, ears and nose as she fought to remain conscious. She saw the glimpse of gold as she drove the dagger at the male in an arc. Her aim struck true, and he reared back with a scream, but it wasn’t fast enough for her to avoid getting a face full of his blood. If not for the healing magic coursing through her double time, it would have been lights out for her as the assassin drove a fumigated dagger into her gut. As it was, she was briefly paralyzed. Althea more felt than saw the attack coming at him from above. Blinded as she was, she didn’t see what exactly happened. One moment, the assassin was angling the dagger upward toward her heart, and the next, he was gone. She was left holding a dagger; a dagger that was no longer imbedded in someone’s flesh. She reached for the closest mind to her and found nothing but a cool, calculated sense of… something. Althea let the dagger drop from her trembling fingers, and with too much struggling on her part, wiped blood from her face. After blinking several times to clear her vision, she all but swallowed her tongue at the sight of Silas standing over her. His red eyes bored into her, as if he was considering her as prey or not.
“Silas,” Althea wheezed and really hated herself for it.
“Althea,” the regulator growled, and Althea’s insides felt like they were going to explode as his aura pressed in all around her. “you fought valiantly,” he continued and crouched beside her.
“Did I?” she asked, barely able to get the words out.
“Hmm,” he said, and without any warning, yanked the dagger from her stomach. Her body arched off the floor, and she screamed, long and shrill. Hot hands grabbed her and turned her over, in time for her to puke up her guts. When she was done coughing, moaning, groaning, and expelling the content of her stomach, Silas pulled her to her feet. He held her as she regained her balance. Once she was steadied, he pressed his fingers to her temples and channeled a wave of soothing darkness into her. “Heal yourself,” he growled and resisted the urge to implode her brain. His predatorial side was riding him hard, and all he wanted to do was kill and devour things, or fuck someone’s brains out, but that was neither here nor there. His skin tingled as the female did as she was told. At that moment, no one but them were in the room, but it wouldn’t last much longer. Energy swirled through the air, seeping into him from the contact. Dropping his hands from her, he embraced her from behind and struck, sinking his fangs in fast, hard, and deep into the side of her neck. As expected, she lost her concentration and struggled against him. He held her tight, her gasps of surprise filling his ears as he drew venom from her bloodstream. After a moment, she slowed, before stopping her struggles altogether. Panting, the female resumed healing herself, and Silas restrained himself from doing what his instincts demanded of him, which was draining her to the point of no return. The voices in his head screamed at him, and it was a wonder that he could hear anything else at all.
“Silas,” Althea said and dug her fingers into his arms. “stop.” Silas paused, pulled back, and swirled the blood in his mouth. Swallowing, he leaned in and licked at the trickles of blood. Satisfied that there was no more trace of venom in her, he pressed his tongue to the bite wound and chuckled as a shudder racked her body. Growling, he released the female and took a step back. Reaching up a hand, Althea rubbed the healed wound and shivered. “Thank you,” she said and pressed the heels of her palms into her eyes as she strengthened the barely there shield around herself.
“It was my pleasure,” the nairue growled, placing a hand on her shoulder and leading her out into the next hall.
The moment they stepped out, they were joined by Karis, Siv, Savitra, Sagan and Adela. “Illiana, Vega, Evanna, Luna, Siro and Aria are almost at the lab,” Adela said in between gasping breaths. “Thought you should know.”
“Thank you,” Silas said and reached out to steady her as she and Althea winced. Sagan caught Savitra before she could stagger into the wall in front of her.
“My brain,” Althea moaned and wrapped her arms around her head, as if to keep her skull from splitting apart. Silas stepped back from the females and inclined his head to Sagan, who moved to flank them. No one were in the hall with them, but that wouldn’t last as he took point and led the way. Bodies lined the hall as they made their way to the smashed door at the end. From the broken and torn state of the bodies and the huge puddle of blood that stretched as far as the eye could see, Aria didn’t waste time in slaughtering them. She ripped through them as easily as taking a stroll down the street. Silas smiled, shaking his head as he kicked aside broken weapons and body parts. Reaching the doorway, he leapt over the splintered pile of wood and metal to land on an assassin, who was barely alive.
“Now,” he mused and stared down at the twitching female. “why did she leave you alive?” At the sound of something flying through the air, Silas looked up and caught the steel bolt, a split second before it could slam into the side of his head. He glanced at the long, needle-like tip at one end of it, before turning and throwing it back in the direction it came from. There was a grunt from above, and the assassin staggered backward from the impact.
“Good shot,” Sagan growled as he appeared on the elevated walkway beside him. “but not good enough.” He grabbed the injured assassin and placed him in a painful headlock as Silas stepped from the shadows.
“Kill her,” the Caustra called down to the females. “and please, make it quick.” A gurgling sound reached their ears a second later, followed by the pained groans of the three female endahlians. The two male nairues on the walkway looked down, in time to see Siv pulling out a stiletto from the dead female’s chest, which was glowing red-hot in her gloved hand. Silas eyed her for a long moment, his glowing red eyes narrowing suspiciously. Siv looked up and smirked.
“I have my ways,” she said and made the weapon disappear.
“I can see that,” he said dryly and turned back to Sagan. “Let him up.” Reluctantly, Sagan released the male and took a step back. Silas crouched before the fallen male and grabbed his head, tilting it until glowing red eyes met his own. Before the assassin could fight the invasion, the Caustra gave him a cold smile and tore through his brain like it was water. The assassin involuntarily jerked and spasmed under the mental assault, letting out a bloodcurdling scream as his mind fractured. Retrieving every scrap of memory and quickly going through them, Silas released the broken male with a grunt of pain as his head began to pound. With a feral snarl, he opened his mouth and drove his fangs into his neck. Growling, he began to chew, crushing bones and tendons as he devoured every inch of flesh he could get. When the head hit the walkway with a thud, he pulled back and allowed the body to drop. Silas was debating on if he should eat the rest of the assassin, but paused that thought as a hand landed on his shoulder. Panting and growling under his breath, he wiped blood from his mouth and looked up at Adela, who was studiously looking up at the ceiling, as if it was the most interesting thing in the world. Silas blinked at the blood pouring from her eyes and winced.
“Let’s go,” she said, barely able to get the words out as she fought for air. Her hand moved to his upper arm and pulled. She kept on pulling, until he rose to his feet and turned fully to face her. He removed her hand from his arm and stared down at her. Cupping her chin, he wiped away blood and reached into her mind. Sighing, he began to massage her abused brain. Stroking her cheek with his thumb, he pulled back as some of her pain eased. “Let’s go,” Adela repeated and pulled away from him with a smile. Without a word, he signaled to Sagan and jumped to the floor below.
“So,” Anzril mused and chuckled. “you’ve made it this far. Can’t say I’m impressed.”
Aria tilted her head and smiled. “I’m not impressed with you, either. Now, release my daughter.”
“Of course,” he said and straightened from the door he was leaning against. He gestured to it and smirked. “Your precious Hope is just right through there.”
“I know,” she said calmly and strode down the dark marbled-floor toward him. On either side of the hall, his guards stood silent and waiting. Behind her, Siro was practically vibrating with murderous intent, his icy aura pulsing around him in waves.
“You know, I’m surprised that Silas let you two come at all.” Anzril chuckled. “What with being personally attached and all that.”
“Are we going to do the whole villainous monolog thing?” Aria asked, sounding bored. “Because if we are, I rather skip it and go right to killing.” She stopped a few feet from the leader of the Black Hand and gave him a cruel smile. “How does that sound?”
“That sounds perfect to me,” Anzril growled and lunged for her. Aria sent a palm strike into his face as he tackled her. The back of her head struck the floor, and blinding white light burst behind her eyes as he grabbed her around the throat. Anzril launching himself at her had to be a signal, because all around them were the sounds of battle. Grunts, growls, and snarls interspersed with pained screams and the choking, gurgling sound of death and the dying were loud in her ears as she clasped her hands together and brought them up between his arms. Pulling her own arms away from each other, she broke his hold on her with a snarl. Her throat protested from the sound it made, but she didn’t give a fuck as she surged upward and backhanded him. His head snapped back from the impact, and Aria bared her fangs as she drove an elbow into his throat, followed by a knifehand to his carotid. Instead of falling unconscious like she wanted him to, she only managed to stun him. While he was busy choking, she flipped him off her and jumped to her feet. Taking a step back, she drove a kick into his gut, hard enough that it launched him several inches into the air. She ran forward, moving into a crouch as she reached him. Her arms shot out in front of her, and she snarled as she suddenly straightened. Her upturned hands followed, and the sudden movement launched a furious Anzril higher into the air. Flapping her wings furiously behind her, she followed him up and grabbed him. Propelling him toward the wall with lightning speed, she pounded his head into it with a scream. Aria felt the pain of something sharp and cold punching into her side repeatedly, but she ignored it and yanked the other assassin up by his throat. Releasing him, she grabbed his wings and smiled evilly at the sound of several snapping bones. Anzril screamed as she spun him through the air. Letting go of his wings, she watched as he went sailing across the hall. He slammed into another assassin, and they both dropped, impacting the floor with a very satisfying crunch.
Luna smiled as she grabbed the assassin and pulled her free of Anzril. Wrapping one hand around her throat, the chancellor placed her other hand on the back of the female’s head and gave her a friendly smile. “Oh, you will do nicely,” Luna said sweetly and tightened her grip. “Yes,” she hissed as her eyes glowed silver. “you will do nicely, indeed.” A bloodcurdling scream tore out of her as the chancellor dug her fingers into her skull, followed by bluish-silver tendrils that latched onto her brain like ten hungry suckers. Psychic energy rushed into her, and Luna moaned with pleasure as her eyes rolled to the back of her head. She shuddered from the intensity of it, panting as she broke the connection. “Fuck. Me,” she said with a groan and released the lifeless body. Siv, Karis, Vega and Evanna stood guard around her, and Luna smiled as she slowly came down from her pleasurable feeding. Damn, she thought and shuddered. Won’t be doing that for a while. Unsheathing her sword, she strode out of her protective circle of assassins and spun her sword through the air. The dark steel sang as the black tendrils stretched and swirled, creating a thick solid mass of shadow. The others fell back as she made her way to the closed door. Aria and Siro fell in step beside her as she cut down assassin after assassin, leaving a trail of bodies as she went. As she reached the door, a very pissed off Anzril appeared before them. Luna smiled and skewered him through his middle, lifting him up and pinning him to the wall. “You’re tenacious,” she said with a smile as he screamed. “I’ll give you that much.” The leader of the Black Hand shoved away from the wall, causing himself further injury as he slid himself along the steel. Bleeding profusely, he grabbed the chancellor around her throat. “What is it with you and your attempt to choke people to death?” Luna asked in a strangle wheeze.
“Good question,” Silas growled as a swoosh sounded close to her ear. Aria’s sword flashed, and the chancellor was completely blinded as hot blood drenched her. “Aria!” the Caustra admonished, and then let out a heavy sigh as the sound of a door being smashed in reached her ears. Luna smiled and wiped away as much blood as she could from her face. Blinking several times to clear her vision, the chancellor yanked her sword from the dead nairue and held it point down at her side. Stepping forward, she pulled Aria to the side and nodded to Siro, who stepped forward and wrapped one arm around her, pulling her back against him.
“Give me room,” Luna ordered and smirked. “Unless you want to be sliced in two, be my guest.” She turned halfway to them, watching as they backed up several feet away from her. “No fun,” she muttered and turned. Taking several steps back herself, she swung her sword backward, up and forward in a brutal strike at the door. With a loud hiss and the squeal of metal that grated against her every nerve, the door broke apart in two and fell inward to either side after the third strike. As the echo died down, she and the others held their breath and waited. When nothing happened, Luna cautiously stepped forward and peered inside what looked like a huge laboratory. Other than the multifunctional equipment and a couple of tables, there were six doors along one side of the room.
“Let me go,” Aria growled and fought furiously against Siro’s hold, her eyes trained on the fifth door down. Luna held up a hand, stepping aside for Silas, Zalia, and four other members of the Caustra to enter. They quickly swept the room, before coming to a stop at the nondescript black doors. Silas’ nostrils flared, and a low growl escaped his throat. With one single-mindedness that was eerie to watch, they broke down the doors and vanished inside. Screams met their ears at the unmistakable sound of multiple someones dying a horrific death. The air around them all but vibrated, coalescing into a haze of thick ice vapor that swirled around them. The endahlians with them all let out a collective gasp, before making a run for the other end of the hall. For some unknown reason, vaporous anything was harmful to them. Luna squinted through the haze, trying to make out what was happening. The sound of ice breaking reached her ears, and she looked around for the source, hoping like hell that it wasn’t the ceiling that was about to crush them. She really didn’t want to heal from whatever injuries that were to follow. The screaming suddenly cut off, and all they could hear was the sound of drip, drip, drip as blood struck marble. The vapor around them pulled back, slowly thinning before vanishing completely.
“Come,” Silas called to them. “but be warned, you will not like what you see,” he growled, and outside, an avalanche of snow slammed into the building on all sides, signaling an oncoming blizzard. From the small windows high up near the ceiling, the world was blanketed in white. How… unsurprising, Luna thought with a sigh and stepped into the lab, the others following in her wake.


* * * * * *



32

Taking in a shuddering breath, Aria allowed Siro to lead her as they followed Luna into the lab and across the floor. They stopped before Silas, who was covered in fresh blood, giving them an impassive look, and blocking the doorway. “How many?” Sagan growled at him after a long, tensed silence had stretched between them.
“Twelve,” Althea and Adela said in unison and pushed their way to the front of the group, Illiana and Savitra a step behind them as they reached Luna. Sagan turned, stopping them in their tracks with a hand on their shoulders.
“Silas,” Adela said, almost pleadingly. “let us pass. We have to help them.”
“I want to see my daughter,” Aria growled and strained against Siro’s unbreakable hold. “Now!” she snarled. Silas glanced over his shoulder, and then nodded in response to someone in the room beyond. He looked to Aria and Siro for a long moment, before stepping back and aside for them to enter. Siro released Aria, and she was through the door in a flash. The endahlians made to follow, but Sagan grabbed Althea as Silas caught Adela. Siv and Karis grabbed Illiana and Savitra respectively, pulling them back and all but sitting on the healers to keep them from hurting themselves or others in their attempt to reach the children. They practically growled and snarled at the assassins, cursing and yelling at the top of their lungs as they punched, kicked, bit, and thrashed violently under them. Sagan’s eyes widened as Althea’s skin began to emanate an iridescent white light.
“Release them,” Silas ordered and did just that, releasing Adela and pulling her to her feet. Siv, Karis and Sagan quickly followed his lead, eyeing the healers like they’d grown a second head. “You don’t want their eyes to glow white,” Silas continued as Adela all but dragged him back through the door. Luna smiled, amused as she followed after the Caustra.
“Why?” Karis asked warily and followed Savitra. “What happens?”
Silas chuckled and paused beside one of the tables. “Did you think all they had was empathy and healing abilities?”
“Well… no, but…” She paused and scowled at him as Luna came to a stop at his side. “Why didn’t they do that during the battle?”
“Because, my beloved assassins,” Luna said and smirked. “you weren’t trying to prevent them from what they do best.”
“Helping those in need?”
“Precisely.”
“Then, how come we didn’t know about it before now?”
Silas chuckled. “Do you share all your secrets?”
Karis blinked. “Fair point.”
“I would think so,” he said softly and turned to the room at large. At the far end of the room, Aria and Siro were vibrating with so much rage that the air around them were turning into crystal particles. Silas approached them and looked down at an unconscious Hope strapped to the ice. The youngling was as still as the dead. The only thing that indicated she was still alive was the very faint heartbeat he could detect. He touched two fingers to her cold cheek and stroked it thoughtfully.
“Silas, what do you want us to do?” Zalia asked and eyed Aria and Siro nervously.
“The moment the healers said it’s all right to move them, round them up and transport them to the medical center. I want some of you here to gather what information you can find, then I want this entire base burned to the ground.”
“Sir,” she said affirmatively and turned. “You heard him, let’s move.” The flurry of activities around him became background noise as he zeroed in on Hope. Glancing at her parents, he sighed and gave them a hard stare.
“I’m going to sniff your daughter. Do not. Attack me,” he warned and continued to stare at them. After a long moment, they nodded. He turned back to the youngling and bent down. Slipping a hand under Hope’s back, he lifted her slightly and leaned in close to her neck. He took in a deep breath through his nose and ignored the overwhelming scent of blood that was heavy and thick in the air. Closing his eyes, he opened his mouth slightly and inhaled deeply as he zeroed in on the sweet scent of Hope’s blood. He repeated the sniffing and the inhaling, before lowering the youngling and straightening with a growl.
“What is it?” Aria asked and resisted the urge to grab him.
“Antifreeze and menthol,” Silas replied and turned to them. “Do you know what that is?” Judging by their growling hiss and Aria looking like she was going to shift, he had his answer. He couldn’t decide who was more dangerous at that moment, the female shifting and killing everyone in sight, or the male, who was chock full of so much lunar magic that he began to glow from within. Speaking of magic, Aria was also beginning to glow. Silas let out a heavy sigh and gestured for one of them to pick her up. “Come,” he growled and turned to scan the room for one of the healers. Spotting one of them, he called out to the female.
Illiana nodded to Zalia and stepped back from checking on her last youngling. Glancing to Althea, she inclined her head to the other female and walked over to meet Silas with Siro and Aria holding a limp Hope a few steps behind him. “What do you have?” she asked and eyed the writhing shadows around him.
“Obsidian Ice.”
Illiana gulped and nodded. “Ah, where are you going to take her? I’ll meet you there.”
“Home,” Aria growled and bared her fangs in warning.
The endahli held up her hands, nodding rapidly as she took several steps back. “Got it. Got it. I’ll see you there.” Aria smiled chillingly and vanished into the shadows, taking Siro and their daughter with her.
“Luna!” Silas called to her. “Are you coming?” Luna looked up at the sound of her name and smiled. Rolling his eyes, the Caustra ripped open a portal and stepped through.
“Before we do anything,” Siro said as he appeared before them. “get cleaned up. His hand shot out and stopped Illiana from taking another step. “Including you,” he growled, and then sighed. “Aria is with her, and I have the feeling that Hope won’t wake without some assistance. If she does, you’ll be the first to know. The faster you wash up, the faster you can attend to her.”
“Of course,” the endahli said, nodding. “Of course, you’re right.” Giving them one last glance, she ran off, her wings lifting her off the ground as she increased her speed.
“Right,” Siro said under his breath. “While you two clean up, I’m going to do the same. Meet in the living room?” Silas and Luna nodded. Inclining his head to them, he vanished. Silas turned and just stared at the chancellor.
“What?” she asked and frowned at him.
“Did he just… give us an order?” he asked dubiously. Laughing, the chancellor wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him along with her. “I don’t know how I feel about this,” he grumbled under his breath as they made their way down one of the halls.
“At least it’s a reasonable one,” she said, smiling as she pushed one of the doors open and pulled him into a bathroom. “Spare clothes in the closet. Hopefully, you can find some in your size, but if not, naked is fine.” Scowling, Silas grabbed her shoulders and spun her toward the opened door.
“Get out,” he growled. “before I take you to the floor and…”
“Oh, yes please,” Luna purred and rubbed herself against him. He groaned as he instantly hardened. He gently pushed her away with a growl, and smiling knowingly, she lightly punched him in the stomach and walked out, closing the bathroom door behind her.
“Females,” he growled under his breath and tore off his bloody clothes. Shaking his head, he stepped into the shower and set the temperature to freezing.
Illiana groaned as her head continued to pound. It felt like multiple spikes being hammered into her brain as she fought down the nausea. It was times like the aftermath of a battle that she truly hated being an empath. She just wanted to crawl into a dark hole and die. She rested her forehead against the cold wall of the shower and breathed deeply through her nose and out her mouth. The hot water pounded against her back, but it did nothing to ease the tension from her body. She wondered if there was a jet pool around somewhere, because she could really use one. She could really use a quiet room, too, but she doubted Aria and Siro had such a chamber that muted an empath’s senses. Hmm, she thought and rubbed her fingers into her temples. Maybe they did. Closing her eyes, she tilted her head back into the water and ran her fingers through the wet strands of her hair. Shutting off the water, she unfurled her ice-blue wings and shook them vigorously. Taking in a deep breath, she stepped out and quickly dried herself off with a large white towel. Yanking open the closet door, she peered at the stacks of folded clothes. She sifted through them for a few seconds, before finally pulling out a pair of loose-fitting dark blue pants and a dark purple shirt in her size. She quickly dressed and ran a brush through her hair. At the sound of a mew, she glanced down and blinked at the cat staring up at her. “Is Hope awake?” Illiana asked and bent to pick her up. Mia purred and rubbed her head against the underside of her chin as she opened the bathroom door and stepped out into the hall. She almost dropped the cat as Siro suddenly appeared in front of her. Her heart actually skipped a beat, before starting back up on its irregular rhythm. He eyed her for a moment, before holding out a bottle of water and a wrapped, plant-based, cake-like snack to her. Blinking in surprise, she lifted Mia to her shoulder before taking them from him with a smile. Mia’s claws dug into her as she wriggled under her hair to lie across her shoulders. “Thank you,” Illiana said and followed him down the hall. They went down a couple more hallways, before stopping in front of a closed door. Pushing it open, the assassin stepped aside for her to enter. The ice cold aura that surrounded him wrapped around her as she stepped passed him. Her skin prickled from the contact, and she held back a shudder at the eerie feeling of it. Being the only endahli in a room full of assassins was unnerving as fuck, but she took in a deep breath and made her way to the bed in the center of the room. Setting down the snack and the drink, she moved the cat to the floor. She glanced at Siro, who was standing behind her and a little too close for comfort. Turning, she sat on the edge of the bed and picked up her food. Her eyes went to the young nairue as she unwrapped the cake and bit into the crumbly confection. She watched as Mia jumped onto the bed and tried to wake Hope by licking her cheek and batting her face with a paw. Gathering her magic, Illiana sent a dark blue tendril into the youngling. Thankfully, her parents didn’t turn her into a pile of ash. As she ate, she carefully assessed the female. Her eyes widened as she found very little shadow in her. Not taking her eyes off the youngling, she continued her assessment. “What happens if you’re drained of shadow?” she asked the room at large. She might be a healer, but she wasn’t in the medical field. Illiana held back a shudder as her neck crawled with warning of impending doom. It crept down her spine, and she resisted the urge to hunched into herself. She half expected to feel a dagger in her back, but it never came. Instead, she felt something cold and sharp at her throat. She froze, her half eaten cake held to her mouth. It would’ve been funny, if she were not about to be stabbed in the jugular.
“Why do you ask?” Aria asked, her tone cold and devoid of emotion. The female assassin was standing at the head of the bed, and Illiana hadn’t realized she had moved until it was too late. She gulped and slowly lowered her hand. Dropping the cake back into its plastic wrapper, she picked up the bottle of mineral water and twisted off the cap. She took a sip and carefully looked around.
“She barely has any shadow in her,” she said and swallowed. After a moment, the assassin withdrew whatever it was from her neck and growled.
“We slip into a catatonic state,” Silas growled from behind her. She broke out into a cold sweat as he drew closer. “What else?” he asked, and Illiana wanted to jump out of her skin as the aggression in the air became more pronounced. The temperature in the room dropped by several degrees, and ice began to form along the walls as the seconds stretched.
“She’s also drained of her energy.” She paused. “By that, I mean her psyche.”
“I see,” Aria said flatly and moved to press a hand to her daughter’s forehead. The female endahli took a long drink, before quickly finishing off the rest of her snack. “Why is she not waking?”
“She needs a shadow infusion.” She paused and took in a deep breath. “We need Althea.” She drained her water and slowly stood. She was smart enough to know that any sudden moves would have her dead within a second. Chancellor or not. She walked over to the nightstand and set down the empty wrapper and bottle. Turning, she held out her hands and allowed her magic to flow down her arms and into her fingers. Siro and Aria moved to stand on either side of Hope while Silas and Luna came to stand near her. Taking in a deep breath, Illiana pictured Althea in her mind and opened a portal to her. As the portal formed, a light breeze began to swirl around the room, creating a white mist in the air. When it settled, it was in a shape of a door that hovered several inches off the ground. She peered through the misty opening, in time to see the healer turning and stepping toward her.
Althea paused before the portal and squinted. While the room she was in was dimly lit, all she could see on the other side was complete darkness. She was slightly surprised that the realm of shadows and darkness had such a room, but she guessed she shouldn’t be since on her realm, they had a few such rooms, whether it be for nairues or redarians. Her vision adjusted to the darkness, and she could make out the chancellor of her people standing on the other side. “Come through,” Illiana said to her and smirked. “before these people decide to kill me.” Nodding, Althea folded her wings and jumped through the portal. For once, she didn’t fall on her face, which she was glad of. The moment she was through, the portal vanished with a pop of displaced air. “Hope needs a shadow infusion,” Illiana said and pulled her to the bed. After that, we’ll see.” Althea cautiously climbed onto the bed and slowly reached out a hand toward the youngling. She looked up at the silent and watching assassins around her and touched her fingers to Hope’s arm. Luckily, she didn’t get blasted into oblivion.
“What is the cause?” she asked as she pulled the light shield tighter around herself.
“Obsidian ice,” Siro growled and all but hovered over her.
The healer nodded and glanced around the room. “Is there a way to replenish shadow without medical intervention?” Althea gulped as the temperature dropped way below freezing. A thick layer of ice covered every inch of the walls, floor and ceiling. It was cold enough to affect the two endahlian females, causing them to shiver and their breath to frost over. Hot fingers gripped her chin, turning her head and forcing her to meet Siro’s acid-green eyes that had gone cold.
“Why are you asking?” he asked calmly, but she didn’t miss the glimpse of fangs, especially the ones toward the back of his mouth. She resisted the urge to run as far away from him as possible and took in a deep breath of the frigid air.
“It’s not going to be a onetime thing.”
“Ah,” he said, and then smiled. If it had been under any other circumstances, she would’ve appreciated the lack of emotions they were, or weren’t projecting. The only one she could feel were from Illiana, and all the chancellor wanted was to be anywhere else other than in the same room with four deadly predators. Since Hope was unconscious, she didn’t count. “Trust me, healer,” the male growled softly. “that won’t be a problem.” Althea pulled back slightly and nodded. If she was honest with herself, she didn’t really want to know.
“I need a volunteer.” She glanced at the four silent nairues and scooted closer to Hope. “From one of you.” Silas and Luna stepped back, the latter gesturing to the youngling’s parents.
“It will have to be one of them,” the chancellor of the nairue said smoothly. “Their bonds to her are the strongest.”
“I’ll do it,” Aria said and appeared beside the healer. “What do I need to do?” Siro growled, and Althea winced at the strong disapproval that rolled off him in waves. His eyes bored into Aria, as if he could change her mind just by staring at her. With a sigh, he took a step back and nodded to the healer.
“Give me your hand, and put your other one on your daughter.” Althea paused, and then nodded to herself as she took Aria’s outstretched hand. Gathering her magic, she channeled it into Aria. She grabbed a hold of the darkness within the female and pushed it from her and into Hope. Placing her free hand on the youngling’s bare stomach, she concentrated and watched as the darkness slowly expand inside her. When it grew from the size of a golf ball to that of a beachball, she broke the connection and pulled her hand back, but it wasn’t fast enough as the youngling moved in a blur. With a scream that made her ears bleed and white-hot pain to explode in her head, hope slammed into her, sending them both off the bed to the floor. The youngling all but wrapped herself around the healer, her claws digging into her neck as she snarled and snapped her fangs. Her glowing red eyes were unfocused and pained as Althea did her best to keep the youngling from eating her. Hope’s enraged screams turned into a shriek as Siro grabbed her and lifted her into the air, before pulling her to him and wrapping his arms around her in a tight embrace.
“ow,” Illiana said and groaned as she grabbed the nightstand for balance. “Fucking A. Here I was, glad of the lack of emotions, and what happens the moment Hope wakes up?” she asked no one in particular. “My brain starts leaking from my ears.” She raised a hand and touched one of said ears, letting out a resigned sigh as she felt the hot trickles of blood.
“Fuck!” Althea gasped and rubbed her neck. She breathed through the pain, watching as Hope fought furiously against her father’s hold. Althea healed herself, wincing as she slowly got to her feet.
“Sorry about that,” Aria said and gave her a creepy smile. Althea shuddered as the female grabbed her wrist with hot fingers and pulled her to Siro. “Finish it,” she said to the healer as he dropped onto the bed and held Hope in an unbreakable hold. The youngling screamed and snarled as one of her wings repeatedly smacked into her. She was only glad that it wasn’t hard enough to knock her over as she rested a hand on top of Hope’s head.
“She’s going to puke,” the healer warned and channeled her magic. Mia, who was rubbing up against Siro’s leg and purring, leapt away with a hiss. Chuckling, the healer lowered herself onto the bed and raised a hand. Giving the assassins one last wary glance, she sent a strong pulse of dark purple light into Hope, all but blasting her in the face with it.


* * * * * *



33

“Still here?” At the sound of Silas’ voice, Sagan solidified and slowly turned. He could barely make out the male across the room, cloaked in shadows as he was. He studied the Caustra, looking him over as he reached out with his senses. In turn, Silas stared impassively at him, the shadows around him rippling as he closed the distance between them. Sensing no one nearby, Sagan inclined his head to the regulator. “Hmm,” Silas said thoughtfully as he came to a stop before him. “Why?”
“We caught some of those who managed to stay alive. They were in the process of escaping.” He paused as he sensed a presence drawing near.
“We figured you would want to question them,” Karis called out to them as she approached. Stopping in the doorway, she glanced between the two males, before entering and holding out her hand. In it, she held a tiny, silver stiletto. The tip of the blade looked like it had been dipped in tar. “I found this locked away in a desk.” Silas’ hand shot out, plucking the weapon from her fingers.
“How many survived?”
“Twenty-one.”
“Where are they?”
“Thirteen of them are in the tenebrae, and the rest are in bottles.”
Silas arched an eyebrow at that, and then gave her a cold smile. “I do love myself a good chase,” he growled softly as his eyes glowed red. Karis took a cautious step back, nodding. The tenebrae was another plane of darkness, a prison to hold the worst of their kind, for those who were awaiting death, or for those who were to spend eternity suffering. It was also called the umbral plane. There were no moonlight in the tenebrae, and they couldn’t channel magic or manipulate shadows to their benefits. The only thing they could do was draw the darkness into themselves for replenishment. It blocked them from accessing the ether, and the only way in or out was if someone from the outside helped them. Silas had no idea how the umbral plane worked, but it fed off the darkness that kept a nairue functioning. The process of repeatedly being drained was agonizing, and it drove most of them insane. Well, more insane than usual. “Did you get their scents, as well as a look at all of them?” Karis nodded. “Show me.” The female did just that, projecting everything into his mind. “Why are the ones not in the tenebrae locked in bottles?”
Karis rolled her eyes. “Mia and Lucina,” she said simply. “They had fun chasing down the ones who had gone incorporeal.”
“What did they use to capture them?”
“Lunar balls.”
He chuckled and nodded. “Take us to them.”
The female inclined her head and turned. “This way.”
They found Lucina and the cat sitting on the floor in one of the demolished rooms. The youngling and the feline had arrived a few minutes after the battle had ended and presumably joined the hunt when the Caustra were rounding up whatever they could get their hands on. Silas, Sagan and Karis stopped in the doorway and waited for the young female to look up. When she did, Silas gestured to the magically sealed bottles in front of her. She picked up one of them and stared at it with fascination. Mia stood and arched her back, before stalking over to him and rubbing herself against his legs. The regulator glanced down at the feline, and then bent to rub her behind the ears. She purred and flopped onto her stomach. “Can I keep one of them?” Lucina asked and picked up another bottle.
“No,” Silas said and chuckled as he straightened. The youngling pouted and watched them warily. “Can I take them?” Silas asked and came over to her. She nodded, and he crouched before her, taking the two bottles that she held. “Thank you,” he said and gathered up the rest. He turned to the cat, who was sleeping, and sighed. The shadows rippled as he appeared beside her. Reaching out a hand, he poked her in the side. Repeatedly.
“Mia!” Lucina yelled and scowled. “Wake up! Wake up!” Silas patted the feline’s silky head roughly, and then smirked as she batted away his hand. He set down the bottles in front of her nose and arched an eyebrow. With an annoyed meow, Mia lifted her head and began licking the top of each bottle. Silver sparks flew into the air as she unraveled the spell that held them sealed. Sagan picked up half of the transparent blue bottles and straightened. The Caustra nodded and picked up the rest and ripped open a portal.
They stepped through the opening, and it silently closed behind them as they pause to look around. It was a good thing, because if they had not stopped, they would’ve been shot through the heart with an electrum crossbolt. The crossbows weren’t the only things that defended the tenebrae, but one had to be stupid to ignore them. The arrows and bolts were imbued with lunar, solar, and a deadly condensation caused from the mixing of the two. With one shot through the heart or brain was an instant death to nairues, Endahlians and redarians alike. There was only one way in and out of the tenebrae, and that was through a portal that changed location every half hour. “Morana,” Silas called to one of the umbral guardians.
“Caustra. Sentinel,” a cool female voice said from the darkness. There was the sound of a click as the bolts were retracted. The guardian appeared before them, dressed from head to toe in black. “I have not seen you here in a while,” the female said to Silas and smiled behind the mask that hid her face. “What did we do to deserve such honor?” Silas gave her a cold smile and walked over to one of the tables carved out of ice. Setting down the bottles that had gone icy cold, he turned back to her as Sagan followed his lead.
“Were you here when the thirteen members of the Black Hand came through?”
“I was,” she said and joined them. “Are these the rest of them?”
“Yes,” he said as the bottles shattered. Eight shadowy tendrils rose into the air, before coalescing into eight enraged assassins. Before they could attack, Silas and Morana raised their guns and shot them. Lunar shards slammed into them with lightning speed, and they screamed as they staggered or fell from the impact. They kept firing, until all eight of them were writhing on the ground. They wouldn’t instantly die from their injuries, but if the shards weren’t removed, they would eventually succumb to the poison, because light was light, solar or not. It was a very slow, painful way to die.
“Do you need them alive?” the guardian asked and pointed a solar emitter at the nearest assassin to her.
“For now,” Silas growled and looked around what was basically a receiving area. Other than the blocks of ice arranged around the place and the holding cells, there were hidden traps and weapons everywhere. Besides Morana, there were several unseen guardians spread throughout. He walked to the other side of the space and paused before the barrier that led into darkness. Shadows within shadows, as it were. He quickly stripped himself of his weapons except for one and nodded to Morana. She raised a hand and sent a ball of shadow into him. He let out a grunt as it hooked a claw into the center of his being.
“Have fun,” the female said to him as he slammed through the barrier. With another step forward, he jumped.
It felt like an eternity to Silas as he fell. He kept right on falling, the icy wind whipping passed him like a billion knives slicing through him. He heard the anguished cries and screams, long before he hit the ground with a bone-shattering impact. A snarl ripped from him as he channeled his magic to heal. Since he was connected to Morana, he had no problem drawing from the moon. He could heal without the help of his magic, but due to his massive injuries, it was going to take slightly longer. Given where he was, he couldn’t afford to waste time. The sound of his bones realigning and mending themselves were loud to his ears as he growled, snarled, screamed, and cursed the universe. Sensing the approach of someone, multiple someones, he rolled onto his hands and knees, before moving into a crouch. His entire being pulsed with white-hot agony, and he silently cursed the fact that healing hurt more than the initial damage. Five nairues came into view, and he bared his fangs as they rushed toward him. Luckily, none of them were the ones he came for. With that in mind, he launched himself at them with a feral snarl. Midair, he shifted into a huge, shadowy version of himself. Unlike their incorporeal form they could phase in and out of, he could not only attack his enemies mentally, but he could also hurt them physically. He was also faster and stronger. His wings became barbed, and he used them to send one of them flying with a pained scream. Grabbing a snarling female by the throat, he pulled her to him and bit savagely into her head, biting down with a crunch. The other four converged on him, and he snarled as they tore into him. Inwardly cursing, he dropped the barely alive female and spun on them. Blood flew as he ripped into them, losing all sense of himself as he snapped their bones and shattered their skulls. He bit into them and tore away flesh. All the while, he pounded the living shit out of them. For all the damage that he inflicted, they returned the favor. Punch for punch, kick for kick, slashing claws for slashing claws. As Silas fought, more nairues came, and they held nothing back as they jumped in. With a scream of rage, the Caustra surged to his feet, the shadows rippling as he sent nairues flying in every direction. He harnessed the moon, and screams of agony echoed all around him as a bluish-silver beam of moonlight struck them, one after another. Those who hadn’t instantly turned into a pile of ash, he tore into them, ripping them apart and savagely devouring them. When all he could hear was the sound of his harsh breathing, he pulled back and looked around. Glancing at himself, he rolled his eyes and stood. Brushing what remained of his clothes to the ground, he shifted back into his normal self and sighed, wincing as his wounds rapidly healed. The tenebrae was a wide open span of mostly nothing. He’d be lucky if he could find water, let alone a safe place to sleep. Thankfully, he was only there to hunt down the thirteen members of the Black Hand. He wanted answers, and he was going to get them before he killed them or tossed them back into the void. It all depended on his mood. He took in a deep breath, and then he was off running.
Silas had no idea how long he ran, but however long it was, he hit the first structure that came into view. He kicked down the flimsy door and grabbed the sleeping female, lifting her into the air as her eyes popped open. He caught the crudely-made weapon that she stabbed toward his neck, yanking it from her hand and tossing it aside. With a quick glance around the room, he propelled her at the wall and pressed her up against it. “One question,” he growled and loosened his hold around her neck. “Where is the nearest water source from here?”
The female blinked. “Half a league to the east,” she said flatly and smiled. “Who are you looking for?”
“Perceptive.”
“I have to be. It’s all about survival of the fittest down here.”
Silas chuckled and released her. “Have you seen new arrivals coming this way?”
“I saw three heading north, and before you ask, I was hiding. I have another year to go, and I plan to stay alive long enough to get out.” He inclined his head and backed toward the door. Pausing just outside, he looked at the silver dark-blue-eyed female thoughtfully. After a long moment of silence, she swallowed and shifted nervously under his gaze. “Who are you?” she finally asked and was in front of him in a heartbeat.
“Silas,” he said and smiled as her eyes went wide. Before she could step away from him, he grabbed her and forced his way into her mind. A gasp tore out of her as he forced his will over hers. “Forget that you ever saw me,” he said, both out loud and mentally. He turned her and disappeared from her line of sight, before releasing his hold on her mind and making his way north.
Several miles to the northeast, a male nairue silently cursed under his breath. The sound of his harsh breathing was loud to his ears as he ran. His senses screamed with warning, and he couldn’t figure out if it was just because of where he was, or if someone was hunting him. Whatever it was, he had to keep moving. He staggered to a stop a couple of minutes later, snarling as a cold burning sensation ripped through his entire being. His ears rang, but he pushed through the pain and leapt over a low wall to land on the other side. He fell and briefly slid along the ice. It wasn’t the run that had him gasping for air like fish out of water, it was the place itself. He had been sent to the tenebrae several times before, but he never got used to the painful draining of his vitals. A cold chill ran down his spine, and without thought, he yanked a dark steel dagger from the sheath strapped to his leg and rolled to his feet. The sound of steel meeting steel was loud in the silence as he parried the first thrust. He pushed against the blade of his opponent and swept his legs from under him. He hit the ground with a grunt, and he barely brought up his dagger in time to parry. From the red-eyed skull tattoo on his inner wrist, he was a Black Hand. As if the same thought ran through his mind, he drew back, only to drive a foot into his gut. Grabbing his weapon hand, he was quickly disarmed. Hot fingers dug into his wrist, and he gurgled as a knee was pressed into his neck. His nondominant hand was yanked upward, exposing the infinity tattoo on his inner wrist. “Noctis infinitas,” he hissed as his eyes glowed red.
“You sound surprised,” the male under him choked out with a pained chuckle. “What, didn’t expect to see one of us here?” He yanked one of his arms free and drove a fist into the male’s gut. At the same time, he surged upward, not caring about the painful constriction to his throat as he did so. The Black Hand member fell back, and placing both hands on the slick ground, he kicked his legs upward. His fellow assassin flew over his head, and he smiled as he heard something snap. Jumping to his feet, he disappeared into the shadows and circled around to face the snarling male. Reaching for the pouch at his side, he quickly opened it and withdrew a couple of throwing stars. It was circular with serrated steel blades, and he was careful not to chop his fingers off as he flipped it through the air with blinding speed. The shadow spike struck the Black Hand member, tearing clean through his neck with a spray of blood and almost decapitating him. The other spike followed a split second later and punched straight through his skull. “Well,” a low, male voice growled from the shadows. “that’s one less asshole I have to worry about.” A beam of bluish-silver moonlight flashed in the pitch darkness, turning the dying nairue on the ground into ash and blinding the unsuspecting Noctis member. He screamed and staggered backward as he blinked furiously against the spots swimming in his vision. He pressed his fingers into his eyes, not caring if lightning struck him dead. “Arthelus,” the voice drawled as he drew near. Art groaned and lowered his hands to glare at the male. A very naked male, he thought as he blinked in surprise.
“Silas,” he growled and placed a hand on the pillar of ice that was beside him. “Don’t call me Arthelus, and what are you doing here?”
“I could ask the same of you.”
“I’m looking for someone.” He paused. “A few someones, actually.”
“Same,” Silas mused, and Art dodged the two spikes that slammed into the ice with a high-pitched whine as they flew through the air, one after another.
“The fuck,” he growled and retrieved them.
“Testing your reflex,” the other male growled, and Art caught the dagger that came at him with lightning speed.
“Don’t you have something better to do?”
Silas smirked. “I do,” he said and was on him in a flash. Art snarled as he was tackled off his feet. His head exploded in pain, and he growled as he was flipped onto his stomach. Before he could throw the other assassin off him, his arms were pulled behind his back and shoved up to the point of snapping. Silas leaned into him and smirked. “What are you really doing here?” he growled and sank his fangs into the back of Art’s neck. It wasn’t deep, but it still drew a good amount of blood.
“Ask the chancellor,” Art snarled and held himself very still. After a moment, Silas pulled back with a low growl. “Release me, you insane son of a bitch.” With a chuckle, he released the male and rose gracefully to his feet.
“I’ll see you topside,” Silas said to him, and not waiting for a reply, he became one with the shadows and was gone.
Silas reappeared atop a snowy bluff and sighed. He had one more to hunt down, and the eleven he held phased were giving him a migraine as they struggled to solidify. He climbed down to the semi-frozen river and peered into its depths. Taking in a deep breath, he sifted through the layer upon layer of scents and quickly zeroed in on the one he wanted. Tightening his mental hold on his captives, he jumped into the river, the sound of ice breaking loud in the silence. Water closed over his head as he swam to the bottom, and since there was one nairue other than himself, he was on her within seconds. He grabbed her, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her to him. Her claws dug into his arms, but he ignored the pain as he kicked his way to the surface. Once there, he reached inside himself and metaphorically pulled on the tendril of shadow that connected him to Morana. A few seconds later, he was airborne as he was propelled upward. He tightened his hold around the screaming female, his ears popping and bleeding as he kept his mental death grip around her incorporeal friends. He squeezed his eyes shut against the brutal wind, silently snarling as he was tossed every which way. Hot hands suddenly grabbed him, yanking him backward and out of the vortex. Silas landed hard, and all around him, the sound of clicks could be heard. He tossed the female to the nearest umbral guardian, his mental hold on the others slipping as he passed out.


* * * * * *



34

Hope came awake with a gasp. She sat bolt upright, only to fall back in surprise, followed by nausea and a wave of lethargy that zapped her strength within seconds. A hand touched her cheek, and as the scent reached her, she began to shake. Her brain wrapped in cotton balls, she couldn’t tell if she was dreaming or not. She paused. Or maybe she was hallucinating. It wouldn’t be the first time, she thought with a mental scowl and just focused on breathing. It was that or pass out. “Drink,” Aria said as hot blood filled her mouth. Hope groaned, even as her hands shot up to hold the wrist to her as she sank her fangs in deep and pulled long and hard. “That’s it,” her mother soothed and brushed hair away from her face. Hope shuddered, taking a deep breath through her nose as strength slowly returned. Her vision cleared, and she was able to see that her parents, Althea, Siv, and Karis were in the room with her. She blinked up at the midnight-blue ceiling as the realization that she was no longer wherever she had been held captive hit her. Withdrawing her fangs, she dropped her hands and slowly sat up as her mother pulled back.
“How’s the pain?” Siv asked and handed her an open bottle of Chiller. The youngling took it and sipped at it as she mentally checked herself over.
“I’m…” She groaned as the pain in her head flared to life. It felt like her skull was slowly being compressed in on itself. A pained look crossed Althea’s face as she reached out to place a hand on either side of the youngling’s head. Hope let out a shuddering moan of relief as a warm sensation ran through her.
“Better?” the female endahli asked and smiled. Hope nodded and took a gulp of her drink. Her skin crawled from the aggression in the air, and she had no doubt to what the cause of it was. She didn’t even want to remember it. A shudder ran through her, and she drained what was left of her drink, hoping like hell that no one asked her what happened. She still felt feverish, and she wondered if she looked it, too. She really hoped that she didn’t. Her hand shook as she held the empty bottle out. Her father took it from her, and before she could withdraw her hand, Althea’s fingers closed around her wrist. She silently cursed, forgetting for a moment that there was an endahli in the room with them. Fucking empaths, Hope silently growled and bared her fangs at the healer. A squeak escaped her throat as a hand wrapped around the back of her neck and lightly squeezed.
“None of that,” a whispery, male voice rasped from behind her. Althea’s eyes went wide, and she cursed colorfully as she dropped her hand from the startled youngling.
“You’re awake,” the female endahli spluttered and half rose from the bed.
“I am,” the male said and coughed. “Put that away,” he growled at Karis and Siv, who both had a dagger out and pointed at him.
“How long have you been there?” Althea asked, looking slightly annoyed.
“Since the youngling woke up,” he replied, amused. Silas removed his hand from the youngling and sat up straighter. His head still hurt, and his mood hadn’t improved any. He was hungry, horny, and about ready to dropkick assassins to the sun and watch them burn. “Do all of you need to be here?” he growled and stared pointedly at Althea, Siv and Karis.
“They can go,” Althea said and sat back down. “I need to be here just in case Hope relapses… or something.” Siro growled low in his throat, and Hope winced as her ears popped.
“Hey hey,” Luna said loudly from somewhere and clapped twice. “That is enough. Siv, Karis, you both don’t need to be here. If Silas or I wanted Hope or her parents dead, they would be. Althea, I’m sure if Hope needs you, you will know. Now, those of you who don’t need to be here, leave.” The chancellor appeared from the shadows and pointed at the door with the gun held casually in her left hand. “Out now, or I’m going to shoot you.” Althea leapt gracefully from the bed and was at the closed door in a flash. Grabbing the handle, she pushed it down and pulled it open, stepping aside for Siv and Karis to proceed her. The two nairues in question glanced at each other, before shrugging and disappearing out the door. Althea looked to Siro and Aria and arched an eyebrow in question. Aria was practically vibrating with tension, and her low growls were full of warning. Siro appeared at her side, and before she could turn on him, he grabbed her and disappeared. Hope frowned, watching as the healer stepped through the door and closed it behind her. “Well,” Luna huffed and made her gun disappear. “that was more difficult than it needed to be.”
“It was,” Silas said, unamused. “Are you staying?” She shook her head. He nodded and turned to Hope. Luna gave them a wave, and then she was gone, leaving the two alone. “Hope,” Silas said, drawing out her name. The bed dipped as he moved to sit where she could see him. “Do you know who I am?” She shook her head and met his pearlescent-green eyes. He nodded and pushed up his left sleeve to reveal the silver armband depicting an ouroboros. Her eyes widened, and he smiled as he dropped his hand.
“Caustra,” she whispered and glanced at his wrist as she wondered what faction he belonged to. Of course, her glance didn’t go unnoticed by him. He chuckled and grabbed a small bottle of Chiller from the floor.
“You can check,” he said and handed her the drink. “I’m sure you’re sick of drinking this, but Althea will kill me if I didn’t make sure you chug down one more bottle.” Hope snorted as she took it from him and opened it. Instead of chugging, she sipped at the ice-cold liquid that went smoothly down her throat. It spread through her like a cool, soothing balm. Reaching out a tentative hand, she grabbed Silas’ wrist and turned it over. The Caustra watched the youngling curiously as she began to trace the infinity tattoo on his inner left wrist.
“I still don’t know.”
He smiled. “Noctis Infinitas, or Noctis for short.”
She nodded. “Are you the leader?”
“Yes, how did you know?”
She shrugged. “Caustra,” she said simply. “Only the strongest of us joins the Caustra.” She peered at him. “Are you the leader of the police force, too?”
“You’re too smart for your own good.”
She snorted and finished off her drink. “Nah, I sometimes have a piphy.” He blinked at her, confused. Hope snickered and crushed the plastic bottle. “Epiphany,” she clarified. “I say piphy because it’s shorter.”
“Ah,” he said and nodded. “Got it.” He covered her hand with his, stopping her motion. “Tell me, Hope, do you remember what happened?” Hope closed her eyes and took in a deep, shuddering breath. “I’ll take that as a yes,” Silas hissed softly and growled under his breath.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” she said and pulled her hand from him. Opening her eyes, she scooted away from him, which wasn’t far.
“Very well. Will you permit me to retrieve your memories of the event, then?”
She hesitated for a moment, and then nodded. “Only that. Nothing else,” she said firmly and stared at him, unblinking.
Silas smiled. “Nothing else,” he said and arched an eyebrow. “Would you like me to swear a blood oath?” She scowled, and then looked around for her notepad. Spotting it on her dresser, she made to get off the bed, but Silas’ hand on her arm stopped her. “Allow me,” he said and stood. Walking over to the dresser, he grabbed the notepad along with a black tracer from the transparent purple cup sitting beside it. He returned to the youngling and sat. Flipping it open, he uncapped the tracer and looked at her. Hope laid back onto her pillows and watched him cautiously as he began to write. When he was done, he flipped the notepad around for her to read. At her nod, he pulled out a tiny, needle-thin dagger from somewhere. He eyed it for a moment, and then pricked a finger with it. Blue blood weld to the surface, and he let a drop of it fall. As he signed his name, he frost burned it into the paper before it could soak through to the pages underneath. He drew the infinity symbol under it and mentally nodded to himself as he checked it over. Tearing off the paper, he handed it to Hope, who took it with wide-eyed interest. “Blood oaths are usually made on parchment scrolls and sealed with the emblem of whichever faction you belong to, but for now, that will do.”
She nodded and folded the paper in half. “We don’t have to do the whole cutting thing,” she said and held up the paper. “It’s good enough for me.”
Silas inclined his head. “Sit up,” he said and helped her up. “For future reference, once a blood oath has begun, don’t stop halfway through.” She nodded and grabbed onto his arm as her world spun. “Let’s get this over with so you may rest.” He moved closer and supported her back with a hand. “Look at me.” Hope swallowed and looked up. His eyes met hers, and a chill ran through her as his eyes frosted over. “Relax and open your mind to me.” It felt like a million icicles were gently poking her brain, as if searching for a way into her mind. Taking in a deep breath, she did as she was told. Luckily, she didn’t have to relive it as Silas carefully flipped through her memories of what had happened to her. His eyes turned a vibrant red, and she knew that he had found something he didn’t like. A low growl escaped his throat, and she was a hundred percent certain that he was going to murder someone. Hopefully, that someone wasn’t her. Hey, one never knew when it came to the nairues. Her long ago ancestor probably ate their own babies just because they could. After a long, nerve-racking moment, Silas blinked and pulled back with a low snarl. As for Hope, she fell back against the pillows and let out a weary sigh as she closed her eyes. She felt Silas stand and move away from her. Rolling onto her stomach, she let out another sigh and drifted between consciousness and sleep. “Thank you, Hope,” Silas said to her, sounding so far away to her ears. Hot fingers pressed against her temple, and she drifted further toward sleep. “You will sleep a dreamless sleep this night, little one,” he continued and removed his hand. “I’ll be seeing you around,” he finished as her breathing evened out. He looked down at the youngling, smiled, and walked from the room.
Luna idly twirled one of her daggers as she leaned against the front door of Siro and Aria’s home. She was, if she was honest with herself, bored out of her fucking mind. For the moment, she was alone. Well, alone to those who weren’t paying attention, but in truth, she really wasn’t. She almost never was. Just outside the door, she could sense Hunter and Zehana, and to her right, within arm’s reach, was Sagan. She could reach out to touch her sentinel, except for the fact that her hand would just passed right through him. As she saw Silas coming toward her, she stopped her twirling and sheathed her weapon. “How is she?” she asked and ignored the waves of rage pouring off him as she stepped toward him.
“Sleeping,” he growled and grabbed her shoulders. Turning her around, he gently pushed her toward the door that Zehana held open. Without another word, they stepped into the blizzard. “I’m glad I hunted down the surviving members of the Black Hand Elite,” he continued as they walked down the snow-covered driveway.
“Why’s that?” Luna asked carefully and glanced at him. Her two sentinels faded into the shadows and silently followed them as they walked. Sagan remained at her side, also unheard and unseen.
“I have things to kill.”
She arched an eyebrow at that and smiled. “Is that where we’re going now?”
“Yes.” He came to a stop in the middle of the street and looked around the white landscape. The wind howled and pushed against them on all sides. According to human timing, they were hit with some kind of snowstorm nine months out of twelve, and when they weren’t, they had sleet. As for clear nights, that was at least twice a week, and they never knew what day… or night it would be. If they were lucky, they could even go a full week. Of course, there were parts of the realm that were just straight up freezing, no storms, no sleet. Silas held out a hand, and with the help of one of his own unseen guards, ripped open a portal. On the other side, someone cursed vehemently and jumped out of the way. It was that or get hit with a barrage of swirling snow. With a chuckle, Silas quickly stepped through, followed by the others. Zehana barely made it through, and she really, really did not want to find out what happened if she was caught in a collapsing portal. “Seralyn,” Silas drawled and grabbed the female, before pulling her to him and wrapping his arms around her. Seralyn opened her mouth to curse at him, but a squeak escaped her, and she froze as he kissed her, effectively shutting her up before she could begin yelling at him. Wrapping her arms around him, she pressed herself against him and kissed him back. She moaned at the feel of his very obvious erection pressing into her. His tongue stroked against hers, and he growled as they licked, sucked, and wrestled. Heat pooled between her legs, and she squirmed in his arms, purposely rubbing herself against the very hot, hard length of him. She sucked on his tongue and bit him, injecting a drop of venom into the bite. She broke the kiss and pulled back with a smile.
“Later,” Seralyn breathed into his ear and nuzzled him. He let out a low snarl as she cupped his erection, her fingers stroking him through his pants.
“Cold shower, anyone?” Luna asked and smirked, watching as Silas tried very hard not to cum in his pants. Damn, she really, really wanted Silas, or any one of her male sentinels for that matter. Sadly, fucking each other’s brains out had to wait a little longer. Growling, Silas gripped Seralyn’s wrist, pulling her hand from him.
“Later?” the female asked hopefully and smirked. Her eyes widened as she suddenly found him at her throat. His fangs pricked the hollow of her neck, and she let out a very loud, breathy moan as heat spread throughout her entire being. Before she could continue what they were doing and just forget about their audience, he was across the room and through the door that led into the main parts of his home. “That… that… that was more than what I gave you,” she gasped and dropped heavily onto the couch that was behind her.
He turned back to her and flashed his fangs. “I know,” he all but purred and vanished. Seralyn let out a scream of frustration and thunk her head against the wall. Once. Twice. Taking a deep breath through her nose, she jumped to her feet and followed in the others’ wake.
“Your prisoner is awake, by the way,” she called to him as they went down the steps.
“Which ones?” he asked dryly and stopped before a closed door. He glanced over his shoulder at her and waited.
“The one missing a whole wing and a half.” At that, everyone winced.
“Oh,” he said and blinked. “I actually forgot about him.” Sighing, he pushed open the heavy door and stepped through. “I guess I’ll put him out of his misery,” he continued and made his way to one of his torture chambers.
“That would be nice,” Seralyn said with a sigh as they followed him. “He wouldn’t stop screaming.”
“Did you knock him out?” he asked and touched a finger to the handle of a door.
She nodded. “I gave him a little something to quiet him down.”
“I’m afraid to ask,” Silas muttered under his breath. He pushed down on the handle and swung the door wide open. He strode to the restrained male on the table in the center of the room and looked thoughtfully down at him. Seralyn was the only one who followed him in, and she stopped on the other side of the table with a wince. “Arix,” Silas said, both aloud and into his mind. “wake up.” The male came awake with a scream of outrage and pain. He would’ve leapt from the table if not for the obsidian chains holding him down. Silas unsheathed a black blade, and without any hesitation or warning, drove it into the back of the male’s neck. His screams suddenly cut off with a gurgle as his body arched off the table. “Now then,” Silas mused. “half of your faction are gone, do you still wish to keep your silence?” From the doorway, Luna cleared her throat. Loudly. He turned his head and glared at her.
“I think you severed his vocal cord,” the chancellor pointed out dryly. Rolling his eyes, the Caustra clamped his hands on either side of the male’s head and forced his way into Arix’s mind. Unlike during the battle, he didn’t turn the male into a shell version of himself. Still, if he could’ve screamed in pain, he would have. In fact, his mental screams were just as bad, because Silas could feel the hot trickles of blood in his ears. After a moment of rooting around in the other assassin’s head, he pulled back and straightened. He yanked the blade free and punched his other hand into the assassin’s back, straight for his heart. Wrapping his fingers around the beating organ, he tore it out and held it up, as if in offering. He wasn’t surprised when Luna suddenly appeared beside him and snatched the bloody heart from his hand. She was practically delighted as she bit into the thing and began to eat it. Shaking his head, he walked out of the chamber and made his way down to the next floor.
The moment they appeared, seven enraged assassins were on them. The five that made up the twelve were killed by the umbral guardians. Too bad, Silas thought and sent the blade he was still holding flying. It struck one of them in the shoulder as he dropped and rolled. As he did so, he reached up and grabbed someone by the wing, yanking her down and flipping atop her. He wrapped an arm around her neck and pulled her into a half-reclined position. Not giving her time to react, he tore into her mind, retrieving every single thing about her. When he was done, he got to his feet and threw her into one of her friends. He looked around and found that all of them were dead except for two. Well, three if one counted the broken female, who was nothing more than a shell. “Seralyn, do you happen to have your garrote on you?” The female nodded and reached for something unseen.
“What do you want me to do with them?”
“Give me one.” She nodded and threw something at him. He caught it and looked down at the ultra-thin coil of black wire. From the coolness of it on contact, he knew that it was actually silver. He turned to Luna and Sagan, grabbing one end of the wire and snapping it out. “Sagan, pull out.” After a moment of grappling, Sagan pushed his opponent away from him and flashed out of reach. “Luna, go ahead and kill yours,” he said and swung the garrote at his own opponent. It caught his neck, and the male froze as the wire bit into him. “As for you,” the Caustra drawled. “come here or lose your head. Your choice.” Silas was a little disappointed when he chose the former. The male still held the dagger as he came to a stop before him. He was smart enough not to try and stab the regulator, not with the thin razor wire around his neck. “Care to switch sides?” Silas drawled. “I’ll even consider it.”
“Never,” he hissed and plunged the dagger deep into the Caustra’s stomach, twisting the blade viciously. Seralyn snarled and grabbed Silas’ hands, using them to decapitate the male with the garrote he held. Silas released the wire, cursing in pain as he reached for the dagger. Snarling, he yanked it out with a spray of blood.
“Ouch,” Luna said and winced.
“Here,” Seralyn said and pressed her wrist to his mouth. Silas stopped cursing and took in a deep breath, inhaling her scent as he wrapped a hand around her arm. Ignoring the white-hot agony caused by his deep intake of breath, he sank his fangs into Seralyn’s wrist and pulled hard on her blood. He grunted, silently cursing as he rapidly healed. Wrapping an arm around the female’s waist, he pulled her to him.
“Can I get rid of them?” the chancellor asked from behind him, and he nodded. He squeezed his eyes shut, a split second before the dark lit up with moonlight. He mentally shook himself and took one last pull of Seralyn’s blood. Withdrawing his fangs, he rested his hand on the back of her head and pulled her in close. Nuzzling her hair, he breathed her in. The female smiled and wrapped her arms around him.
“Meet me in my office in ten,” he said to the others and became one with the shadows, taking Seralyn with him.


* * * * * *



35

Aria sighed and leaned back into Siro, her hands gripping one of his arms that were wrapped around her. The blizzard had died down some, and icy wind buffeted them. She took in a deep breath of the fresh air and sighed. Staring off into the distance, her thoughts wandered. Siro’s hand on the side of her neck brought her back to reality, and she leaned into his stroking fingers as she watched Luna approach them. “Aria, Siro,” the chancellor greeted and stopped in front of them. “Is Siv here?” Aria blinked, and then nodded. “Could you please have her come outside?” the chancellor asked and smiled. “Since both of you are already out here.” She nodded and mentally reached out to one of her elite assassins. A few seconds later, Siv solidified behind Luna, who moved until she could see them all.
“Luna,” Siv greeted and smirked. “Always nice to see you.”
“Likewise,” the chancellor said and held out a hand. “I’m here in an official capacity.”
She winced. “Of course, chancellor,” she said and hesitated, her hand half extended. “Is this what I think it is?”
Luna smiled. “Yes.”
“Oh, fuck me,” Siv groaned and closed her eyes. “Can you knock me out for this?”
“No,” the chancellor said and reached out to grab her hand. “This time, it will just be a tattoo like anyone else.”
“But I like it sentient.”
“Yes, and the Black Hand Elite like their floating skulls, and the Scorpion love their scorpions. ” Luna said dryly.
“Speaking of them, what faction do you belong to?” Siv paused. “If you don’t mind me asking. There are rumors, but…”
The chancellor gave her an evil smile. “I belong to the Black Frost.” With that, she struck, burning away the skull tattoo and replacing it with another one. Siv let out a strangled scream, and she did her best to remain on her feet as what felt like acid ate away at her skin. Another burning pain ran up her arm, and she silently cursed out the chancellor as she dropped to her knees. Her wrist flared white-hot, and she snarled as Luna finally released her. “Your turn, Aria,” the chancellor said and stepped toward her. Luna took her left hand into hers, and Aria’s vision went white as pain slammed into her. Her ears rang, but she gritted her teeth and rode the pain out. After centuries of being held in a brightly-lit patted cell, she was used to it. Behind her, Siro was growling low in his throat. It took all of his willpower to keep from attacking the chancellor. His head even hurt from the effort of it. He tightened his hold around Aria and buried his face in her hair as he took in slow, deep breaths. Aria groaned, smiling as she watched Siv glare at her. After another few seconds, Luna dropped her hand and stepped back. Aria let out a shuddering sigh and slowly relaxed in Siro’s embrace. Raising her arm, she stared at the angry red tattoo of a coiled up viper on her inner left wrist. When it healed, her snake tattoo would be dark blue in color. She gingerly touched the mark and gave the chancellor a smile.
“Thanks,” she said cheerfully and straightened in Siro’s arms.
“Don’t mention it,” Luna said and glanced at the door. “Do you have your calling mirror on you?” She shook her head. “You might want to be there when it rings.” Giving them a smirk, the chancellor melted into the shadows and was gone.
“Humph,” Siv said and got to her feet. Siro sighed and led them both back inside.
Once inside, Aria pulled from him and jumped the few steps into the living space and strode to the back hallway. Stopping before a door, she took a deep breath, before pushing it open and stepping inside. Hope looked up from her plate of food and watched as her mother came to stand beside her chair. They were in one of the two rooms used as an infirmary, and she glanced at the calling mirror that was in front of her plate. “Did it ring?” her mother asked as she nibbled on a strip of steak. The youngling nodded as her father solidified behind her. She smiled as the door slammed shut on its own and in Siv’s face. Siv cursed and leaned against the closed door and glared at the opposite wall. “Come in and die,” Aria warned, an icy pulse of her magic backing up her words. She winced and jogged back up the hall, grabbing Karis by the arm and pulling her along.
“We’re not on guard duty tonight,” she informed her as the air rippled dangerously around them. “I don’t think we will be for a while.”
“We can watch them via the mirror?” Karis asked as they headed back outside.
“We could,, but one of them will just break it.” The other female sighed, nodding as they became one with the shadows.
“You didn’t eat much,” Aria said and stared at the plates piled high with potatoes, steak, and bread. She and Siro pulled out chairs and sat on either side of the table as they eyed their daughter with concern.
“I’m not really hungry,” Hope said tonelessly and swallowed the small amount of food in her mouth. She grabbed a cheesy garlic bread and ate it. To be honest, she didn’t want the food to go to waste. Her parents nodded, each grabbing an empty plate from the stack in the center of the table and taking half of the potatoes and steak. Her father eyed the bread for a moment, before grabbing a couple of pieces and dropping them onto his already full plate. Without another word, her parents dug into their food, the sound of forks and knives scraping against the plate loud in the silence. Hope smirked and leaned back in her chair, stuffing half of the bread into her mouth and tearing it off. She slowly chewed, tasting nothing as she watched her parents watch the mirror. Hope quickly finished off her second piece of bread and leaned forward. Reaching out a hand, she grabbed her mother’s arm and stared at the painful-looking tattoo on her wrist. Aria froze at the feel of cool fingers. Cold was not good, and that only meant one thing. “You got it back. Father told me that it was removed a thousand years ago.” Aria swallowed her mouthful of food and nodded. Before she could say more, the mirror made a musical ringing sound that echoed in the room. Her father reached out, tilting it so that the person on the other end could see them all. The reflective surface of the mirror rippled, before fading into nothing but darkness. Hope released her mother and leaned even further forward. Grabbing a bottle of Sweet Bliss, she sat back and opened it, sipping at it as a hand in the mirror reached up and pushed back the hood.
“Vipers,” Silas greeted and eyed the food on the table.
“Caustra,” her parents said in unison. Hope slid down in her chair as the Caustra’s gaze zeroed in on her.
“If you go any lower,” he mused. “you will end up on the floor.” She scowled at him, and he chuckled. “Tell me, Hope, how are you feeling?”
“Out of it,” the youngling replied and squinted down at her drink.
“Hmm, how do you mean?”
“I feel numb, and everything is dreamlike.” He nodded and returned his attention to Aria and Siro.
“What can we do for you?” her father asked and continued to eat.
“Nothing at the moment,” Silas replied and leaned back in his chair.
“Update, then?” The Caustra nodded. “Do we even want to know?”
Silas chuckled. “The Black Hand Elite will not be active for a while.” He paused. “probably. They need to regather and regroup. It will take them a while.” Aria grumbled under her breath and angrily stabbed a red potato with her fork, before stuffing the entire thing into her mouth. Well, it was more purple than red. “What?” the Caustra asked and arched an eyebrow.
“I was hoping they were completely eradicated.”
“That will likely never happen. There is always one or two that goes unnoticed.”
She sighed. “I know,” she said and swallowed. “I know. Just wishful thinking is all.”
“Has the chancellor paid you a visit?”
She nodded. “She just left a few minutes ago.”
He inclined his head and leaned out of mirror range. “Twelve children were rescued,” he said and came back into view, holding his E-Net. “A hundred and forty-one shadow guardians, and eighty-two members of the Black Hand were killed, including the twenty-one that escaped.” Aria and Siro nodded. “As for the eleven children…” He paused and scrolled through something on his E-Net. “Actually, three, because out of twelve, those three didn’t have anyone who were in the raid to take them back. They will remain with Althea and Adela for the time being. Aurora, Myra and Saskia will also be with them.”
“They’ll remain here?” Aria asked and leaned toward the mirror.
“Althea and Adela will.”
She nodded. “Will there be an investigation?” Hope gulped as Silas eyes frosted over; the green lightening until they were all but white. “I’ll… I’ll take that as a yes.”
“As much as I love to slaughter them all, yes,” the Caustra hissed. His grip on his E-Net was so tight, Hope was afraid he was going to break the device. The mirror fogged over, and she quickly set down her half bottle of Bliss on the table before jumping out of her chair. Her parents did the same, and the youngling’s head spun as her father swept her behind him. Luckily, almost all of the food were gone.
“Silas!” her parents yelled in unison. The vaporous fog vanished, and Hope breathed a sigh of relief. Two glowing red eyes stared back at them, and the sound of Silas snarling filled the room. She leaned into her father’s back and squinted at the darkness that surrounded the Caustra. After a long moment, his eyes reverted back to their normal green and the shadows dissipated.
“Fuck,” he snarled and moved out of sight. They heard a growl, and when he reappeared, he was devouring something very bloody and pink. He disappeared once more, the sound of running water reaching them. They couldn’t see where he was, the only thing they saw were a portion of the cream-colored table with a couple of blue tracers and stack upon stack of papers on it, the black swivel chair, and the opaque, glass-like white wall behind it. Oh, there was also one more thing, which was the deadly, thin black dagger that emitted something from its blade. From the tendrils of frost they could barely make out, it probably was dry ice. It was a Black Frost dagger, and Aria wondered how he got a hold of it. She paused that thought and shuddered. Or was he one of the members? She really hoped that he wasn’t. Black Frost, Noctis Infinitas, Evig Tomrom, and The Silent Winds were one of the most deadly factions to date.
“Was that a lung you just ate?” she asked as he reappeared.
He scowled and ignored her. “Do you have any questions for me?” he growled and glared at Aria, daring her to repeat the one she just asked. The female opened her mouth, only to scowl as Siro slapped a hand over it.
“We do not know much about Obsidian Ice,” he said and wrapped an arm around his daughter, holding her to his back, or more precisely, his wings that were tightly folded against him. He was half-amused, and half-exasperated as she peeked around him at Silas. “Will there be… permanent side effects?”
“It depends,” the Caustra slowly replied. Aria grabbed his arm and pushed his hand from her mouth.
“On?”
“How much of it she had in her, and for how long?” Siro dropped his arm from Hope and pulled Aria to him, knowing full well she could flip at any moment. The youngling went back to her chair, picking up her drink and draining what was left of it. She shuddered as the cold liquid spread through her. “Monitor your daughter closely,” Silas continued and glanced at her. “Althea is at the closest medical center to you, pay her a visit.” Her parents nodded. “Any other questions?” They shook their heads. “Hope?” Hope looked up from her empty plate and blinked at him. “Do you have any questions for me?”
“When do I get my Viper daggers?” she asked and gripped the edge of the table.
“Whenever your parents think you’re ready to receive them.” He looked to Siro and smirked. “When that happens, make sure that the chancellor and I are present.”
“Sir,” Siro acknowledged, nodding.
“If there is nothing else, I will let you go.” Hope and her parents nodded. A second later, the mirror rippled, and Hope found herself staring at her reflection.
Naomi Valentina looked up from what she was reading and set the book aside. Picking up the single light source available to her, she held it up and moved it around the room. It was so dark that the white light could only travel so far, which wasn’t far at all. She could feel someone watching her, and it was seriously giving her the creeps. She really didn’t want to come out from under the pile of blankets and pillows smothering her. At some point, the temperature had dropped way, way below zero. “Who’s there?” she called out and stopped waving her light around. “Turn that off,” a very annoyed male voice growled. His voice sounded like it came from all directions.
“If I do that, I won’t be able to see anything,” she pointed out and raise the light dome in an attempt to illuminate the room. She failed. Miserably. She heard a low growl, and she froze, not even daring to breathe as her danger sense rose.
“Very well, dim it.” She gulped and clicked off the light. She repeated the process, and a soft golden light bathed her hand in its glow. It wasn’t even bright enough to see a foot in front of her face. A resigned sigh met her ears, and she set the light in her lap as whoever it was drew closer. A hot hand took the dome from her and held it to where she could see the figure in front of her.
“Where is Luna?” She paused. “Or Evanna?”
“I have no idea where Evanna is. As for Luna, she’s upstairs.”
She nodded. “Who are you, and does she know you’re here?” she asked and leaned forward to get a better look at him. His eyes were an interesting shade of green. He had the telltale white-blond hair, snow-white skin, and dressed in all black. Although, his shirt looked more blue than black. They were, of course, loose-fitted for ease of movability. She wasn’t sure of his height since he was sitting on the table that was in front of the couch.
“She does now,” he said and handed the light back to her.
“I do,” Luna said from the darkness and smiled. “I see you got in without any problems.”
“We all have our secrets.”
She chuckled. “Yes, that we do. Also, I see that you have not forgotten about the human.”
“Speaking of human,” Naomi said and inwardly winced. “who is this scary dude?”
“I’m offended,” Luna said and scowled at her, even though she couldn’t see it. Rolling her eyes, she came to stand beside the Caustra, who looked on the verge of popping someone’s head off and eating their brain for breakfast. “That ‘scary dude’ as you put it, is Silas. He’s our…” She trailed off and frowned. “chief of police? Is that what you call them?”
“The person who is in charge of the entire police force?” Naomi asked slowly. “The person everybody reports to?”
“Yes,” Silas said, nodding.
“I’m guessing you guys aren’t called police.”
“You would be right. Over here, we’re regulators.” She nodded and resisted the urge to squirm as the feeling of being watched grew. If she could see properly, she would’ve notice the Caustra drilling a hole into her forehead. “How did you come to be here?” Silas finally asked after a moment of silence.
“I fell through a mirror. It apparently was a portal.”
“Hmm,” he said thoughtfully and nodded. “I was told the mirror has an inscription on it, is this correct?” She nodded. “May I see it?” Naomi pointed to the small writing desk at one corner of the room and shivered from the cold. Silas smiled with amusement as he rose and walked over to the desk and picked up the few pages of loose-leaf thermal paper. He flipped through them, and then nodded. “May I take these?”
“Sure.”
“Keep us informed?” Luna asked hopefully. “I mean, in case we have to drop her back home. Preferably on her head, but I wouldn’t hold my breath on that happening.”
“Hey!” Naomi exclaimed and spluttered. “I rather land on my feet, thank you very much.”
Silas chuckled. “Yes, I will keep you apprised of what we find.”
“Thank you,” she and Luna said in unison. The Caustra inclined his head to them and became one with the shadows as he disappeared.
Althea stared at the building that had once been the base for the Black Hand Elite. Surprised that it was still standing, she slowly walked toward it. The smell of blood hung heavy and thick in the air, making it almost impossible for her to breathe. For the nairues, the scent of blood triggered their predatorial side, and for her and her people, they used it to track. After all, they had to find the injured before they could heal. Althea stepped through the demolished doorway and looked around. There was blood everywhere. So much blood, she thought as she stepped back outside. Turning, she froze as a wave of amusement and wonderment washed over her. “Althea,” Silas said as he appeared before her. “Tell me something.” Althea inclined her head and waited. He chuckled and took her arm, leading her away from the sight of so many deaths. “What are you doing here?”
“I’m wondering that myself,” Illiana said as she and Savitra walked toward them.
“I came to check if it was still standing.” Her chancellor nodded as they stopped several yards away from the building in question.
“It won’t be for long,” Silas said and released her. “Did you come to watch?” he asked Illiana and gave her guardian a nod.
“Yes,” the chancellor of the endahli said and smiled. “I and my people may be mostly healers, but we do like a little destruction every now and then.”
“Well, that’s a relief,” he said sarcastically and smirked. “I thought all of you were purely good at heart and wouldn’t even lift a finger to defend yourselves.” Illiana snorted and nodded to the softball-sized sphere that he held in his hand.
“What’s that?”
“Black fire,” he replied and held it up for inspection.
She nodded. “Will that be enough?”
“No, but I’m going to put a couple on each level.” He glanced around, nodding to himself as he made his way back. “Wait here,” he said and entered the building.
Hmm, Silas thought as he sped from one end of the building to the next. As he did so, he set the sphere of fire in position. He ended up putting one in each cardinal direction. In total, there were six levels: four sublevels and two above ground. Damn, so much blood. He was drowning in it. No longer in the heat of battle, the scent of it was driving him insane. Too bad there were no body parts lying about, or anyone to drain to death for that matter. After half a bell or so, he returned to the main floor and did one more circuit around the place. As he went, he double-checked everything, making sure his people hadn’t missed a thing while they were searching. He broke down walls, ceilings, floors, causing the building to become even more unstable. He was careful not to set off the bombs as he did so. When he was done, he had found five data crystals, two E-Nets, and a shredder. Cursing under his breath, he stepped outside and formed a ball of fire. “Silas!” Althea called to him. “Get further back!” Sighing, he extended his wings and shot up toward the sky. The others followed him up and flew in his direction. “You’re insane,” the female endahli spluttered as she reached him.
“When am I not?” he asked and formed another ball of fire. She glared at him and huffed under her breath. “Are you leaving?” he asked the chancellor and flew higher.
“Savitra and I are,” Illiana said and glanced at Althea. “For what it’s worth, I did enjoy the slaughtering.” She smiled. “Except for the part where the combination of a thousand emotions threaten to blow out my brain, of course.”
He chuckled. “Of course.”
“It was nice to finally meet you, regulator.”
“Likewise, chancellor,” Silas said and smiled, tossing the fireball at the structure several hundred feet below them. He quickly tossed a second, and as they watched, the building exploded with a loud boom. The ground shook, and plumes of black fire rose high into the sky, the sound of crackling flames and ice shattering thunderous in the silence. Silas held out a hand to the endahlian chancellor, and she took it with a smile.
“I’ll be seeing you again,” she said and ripped open a portal. Releasing his hand, she gestured to her guardian. “Stay out of trouble, assassin.”
“Try not to explode your brain, healer,” he returned and watched as Savitra flew through the portal. Althea inclined her head at her chancellor, giving her a wave as she flew off. With a sigh, Illiana flew through the rip in dimensions and met her guardian on the other side. The lone assassin continued to hover in the sky, watching as the portal closed with a pop of displaced air. After a long moment, he glanced down at the blazing infernal. Another mark in their history, he thought and turned. As he flew, he wondered about the strange human, Hope, and all that was to come. Whatever that might be. He just hoped that something didn’t come tomorrow, a week, or a month from now. Otherwise, he really would commit genocide.


* * * * * *



To find other books by Alina Meuangkhot, please visit:

https://www.alinambooks.com/
