
Of a Boy and a Dragon

ROSS KINNISH
OF A BOY AND A DRAGON

Published 2021
Copyright Ross David Kinnish 2021

Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.

ISBN 9781005327712
Smashwords Edition.
Typeset in Garamond 12pt.
www.RossKinnish.com
Ross@RossKinnish.com

For Mary, William and Thomas

Table of Contents

Chapter 1 - A Very Un-dragon-like Dragon
Chapter 2 - In the Beginning
Chapter 3 - The Knights of the Order of Peregrine
Chapter 4 - Banshee’s Peak
Chapter 5 - Little Boulder Creek
Chapter 6 - A Town Meeting
Chapter 7 - Have Griffon, Will Travel
Chapter 8 - Two Small Children
Chapter 9 - Ettins
Chapter 10 - A Knight’s Quest
Chapter 11 - The Edge of the World
Chapter 12 - Monterey
Chapter 13 - Young Courage
Chapter 14 - Desolation Spire
Chapter 15 - Norman
Chapter 16 - Give Them a Show
Chapter 17 - Ding Dong, The Witch Is Dead
Chapter 18 - Repentance
Chapter 19 - The After-Party
Chapter 20 - Homeward Bound
About the Author

Chapter 1

A Very Un-dragon-like Dragon

Tucked away in a corner of a world, not so far away from our own world as you might imagine, is a dragon’s cave. But not just any ordinary dragon’s cave. Naturally it’s at the top of a mountain, but not a very big one. There are a few trees here and there, a meadow with flowers, some butterflies – it isn’t what you’d call a serious dragon’s cave. There isn’t any tell-tale smoke coming from the entrance. There aren’t any blood splattered signs declaring ‘BEWARE! Here be Dragons!’ Any self-respecting dragon wouldn’t look twice. I mean, really, you need to have some standards.
Flocks of sheep occasionally graze their way past, giving the place a neat, golf course-like front lawn. Every so often one of the sheep will disappear and the rest of the flock stay away from the cave for a while. But eventually they come back because, let’s face it, sheep aren’t very smart…and they taste good.
Inside, the cave has a ‘newly lived in’ sort of feel, in a dragonish sort of way. If it was a house on a suburban street there would probably be packing boxes piled up against the walls and plastic removalist covers over the furniture. Of course there aren’t any boxes or covers because dragons don’t tend to use removalists, except perhaps as a snack.
A few lit candles are set on ledges around the walls, giving the place a warm glow. And lying in the middle of the cave is, in fact, a dragon. It’s big, as dragons go, but that’s about where the dragon type stuff ends. It isn’t lying on an enormous treasure of gold and gems, instead it’s lying on a great big shaggy rug. It also doesn’t appear to be waiting for any unsuspecting dwarves or gnomes to wander past, offering a convenient but perhaps somewhat crunchy meal. What it is doing, is reading a very ordinary looking book.
Actually there are a lot of books in the cave, some stacked in piles here and there across the floor, others shelved neatly into bookcases standing against the walls.
Now you might think that a dragon with a head as big as a family car might have some trouble reading a book, but for eyesight that can spot a tasty bit of squeaky fluff on a mountainside from a thousand feet in the air, reading is a piece of cake. The tricky part is trying to hold the thing in claws sharp enough to split rocks. One slip and it’ll end up as confetti. Which is where the leather claw covers come in handy.
A frown of concentration creases its brow as it reads. Slowly it raises its head and draws a deep breath. Then, in a voice as deep and rich as molasses, it says,

“Of leopard’s spots and lion’s mane,
With spattered dots of recent rain,
Laughing and dancing on the sill,
A sun blessed bunch of daffodil.”

The dragon falls silent and, even though it is completely alone, glances self-consciously about the cave. Seemingly satisfied, it settles back onto the rug, rests its chin back onto its paw and resumes reading.

Chapter 2

In the Beginning

Joe woke to the sound of a loud thump outside his dormitory room door. Which in itself hardly seemed unusual, the hallways of St. George’s Boarding School for Boys were generally a riot of activity and juvenile excitement. Loud thumps during the middle of the night were commonplace. However, as he sat up and blinked the sleep from his eyes, Joe frowned. A loud thump shouldn’t have been out of the ordinary, except for one small and seemingly insignificant detail – he was the only person still at school. Well, him and the crazy old science professor who had been peer elected ‘student guardian’ while everyone else went home for the holidays. Even the gardener had left on a fishing trip.
The thump was promptly followed by some muffled cursing, and an eventual ‘something heavy and suspicious being dragged away’ type sound. Joe climbed out of bed and pulled on his dressing gown and slippers. He hesitated for only a moment, while his imagination filled the corridor outside with brain hungry zombies and giant spiders, before stepping through the door to investigate. He was just in time to see a large green duffel bag disappear around the corner at the end of the corridor. He shuffled forward with his back to the wall, secret agent style, and peered around the corner.
There, standing a few feet away, fighting with the duffle bag and apparently losing, was the crazy old science professor, Professor Pendlebury. For some reason, the older boys called him ‘Captain’ and, although he’d never asked for the title, it had stuck.
“Captain?”
The professor stopped struggling, pushed his glasses back up on his nose and looked at Joe. He was a tall, gangly man, with an expression of having perpetually misplaced something. His hair, having passed through grey and now well on its way towards snowy white, had a streak of ‘the mad scientist’ about it. He smoked a pipe and his tweed jacket had a black mark over the breast pocket where (so it was told) he had once set himself on fire.
“Ahh, Master Joseph! Wake you did I? Sorry about that, wretched bag, don’t know how they carry these things in the army.” 
“What are you doing?” Joe asked.
“I’m heading off for a while. A real journey. Wish I could tell you more, but, well, you know…it’s very hush-hush.” He looked down at the bag and then back at Joe. “I don’t suppose you’d be so kind as to lend a hand?”
Joe shrugged. “Yeah, sure.” 
He stepped forward and picked up one end of the bag to a chorus of plastic scrunchy sounds and an unusual metallic ‘clunk’. It might have been a packet of biscuits and a pot, but Joe had his suspicions.
“What’s in the bag, Captain?”
“In here? Oh nothing really, just the odd bits and pieces. Just enough to keep me out of trouble while I’m away.”
“Where are you going?”
“Away from the things of man, my boy, away from the things of man…” He shuffled backwards, manhandling his end of the bag with some difficulty. “Watch yourself on these stairs now.”
They started descending the stairwell towards the school’s front lobby. Joe had to walk half sideways to make sure the professor didn’t end up becoming a one man avalanche.
“But aren’t you supposed to be ‘student guardian’ for the summer?”
“Duty calls, I’m afraid, young man. I’d love to stay, but time and the tide, don’t you know. Besides, I imagine there are plenty of things to keep an enterprising lad such as yourself out of trouble here at St. George’s.”
He gave the professor a questioning look. “Such as?”
“Oh, I don’t know, exploring other worlds, flying on dragons, rescuing damsels in distress? You know, the standard stuff.”
The professor had, over the years, developed a reputation for oddness amongst the student body. Some of the older boys said it was because he’d spent too much time sniffing his own science experiments. He had once insisted that the first chemical element ever discovered was a gas called Quagmirium, which was commonly found in swamps. Even the art teachers thought he was unusual, and considering the way they dressed…well, enough said. 
Joe ventured, “I’ve been doing a little reading.”
“Well that’s a start. And why, might I ask, are you still a resident of this fine institution? Shouldn’t you be enjoying the summer on a beach somewhere?”
“My parents are both working.”
“Working, huh? The cornerstone of our…err, something. I had it a moment ago. Anyway, greasing the wheels of industry! Good to hear.”
“Yeah…”
It was an easy excuse, and one that Joe used often. But the truth was, for the past few years his parents had been having a little trouble with their ‘until death do us part’. Which, in Joe’s case, meant they lived on opposite sides of the globe and only spoke to each other in voices loud enough to keep the neighbours up-to-date. So with his father away on delivery jobs, bringing Italian washing machines and German refrigerators to the needy masses, and his mother skiing in Canada with her new family, it meant Joe was sentenced to a summer at boarding school.
The stairwell dropped them into the school’s front lobby. The school itself was only a few years old and a lot of things reflected that. No effort had been spared to make the place as functional and modern as possible. From its graffiti resistant furniture to its imagination resistant architecture, the school had all the warmth and charm of a cement brick. After visiting for the first time, Joe’s father had joked that the only difference between the school and a prison was at least in prison you get your own toilet.
The school’s front lobby was, however, the exception to the rule. It was the first room visitors saw when they came to St. George’s. Because of that, it was full from floor to ceiling with trophies, banners, posters of academic prowess, you name it – anything that would make the school look like a good place to send your child. There was even an old suit of armour in the corner nearest the reception desk, complete with a dint in the left shin guard where Frank Waturi had tried to wear it to the formal dance two years earlier.
“What about the chap who was here with you last year?” asked the professor. “Billingsly? Bloomfield?”
“Pete Brighton,” said Joe.
“That’s the one. The Brighton lad. The two of you were as thick as thieves, as I recall.”
Pete was a year older than Joe, and the previous summer he had been the only other student to spend the holidays at St. George’s. They had spent their days exploring the grounds, or searching for hidden treasure in the library, or getting into any sort of trouble they could find. Joe didn’t like to admit it but he guessed the reason why time was dragging lately was at least partly due to Pete’s absence.
“He’s holidaying in the Greek Islands with his family.”
“The Greek Islands, huh? I hear they’re nice this time of year. Careful with these doors.”
They pushed through the lobby’s glass double doors, with the professor managing to snag his coat on the handle, and shuffled across the schoolyard assembly area outside. On the rare occasions when the school had a fire drill, the assembly area would fill with roughly four hundred buzzing boys, all more interested in the highlights of their favourite football teams than with their lives being in danger. Tonight the place was eerily empty and silent, bathed in the light of a full moon.
“Captain?” asked Joe.
“Hmmm?”
“How exactly are you going to be taking your trip? I didn’t think you owned a car.”
The matter of the professor’s preferred form of transportation was often speculated on by the students. Their current favourite was ‘mule’.
“Oh, you can’t get where I’m going by car, my boy. No, you need…more subtle transport.”
Joe thought for a moment. “Aeroplane?”
“Nope.”
“Helicopter?”
The professor shook his head.
“Umm…” now Joe was stretching himself, “Hovercraft?”
“I think, Joe, maybe it’ll be easier if I simply show you rather than try to explain. What do you think?”
“Yeah, okay.”
They rounded the corner of the Humanities wing and began making their way towards the carriage house. When the founding fathers had envisaged St. George’s, they decided it should be built, oddly enough, on the remains of an old homestead, smack-bang in the middle of nowhere. But by the time St. George’s came along, all that was left of the homestead was a lonely looking chimney and a derelict carriage house. And in the way of all old things that have no earthly right remaining in a world of shiny new things, the local historical society had insisted the carriage house be preserved. Meaning the old sandstone building, with its double oak doors and crumbling slate roof, was now the only part of St. George’s that wasn’t made, at least in part, from plastic. In a way it was comforting.
“Is there any special reason why you’re leaving now? I mean, wouldn’t it be easier to leave during daylight?” Joe asked.
“Easier, yes – but would it be as mysterious?” The professor raised an eyebrow. “Besides, I like the moonlight. It makes me feel more enigmatic.”
“Enigmatic?”
“You know, a bit like that sword fighting fellow.”
Joe shrugged and shook his head.
“The one with the mask. Mexican I think.”
“Zorro?”
“That’s him. Makes me feel like Zorro. Only more enigmatic.”
Joe sighed.
They arrived at the carriage house. The building itself had originally been built to house two horse drawn carts. The doors were solid oak, held together with huge iron studs. Black metal spikes protruded from them like medieval porcupine quills. 
“Now I have a question for you, Joe,” said the professor as they lowered the bag to the ground. “Have you ever heard of the Forests of Tonnerre?”
Joe shook his head. “Is it somewhere in France?”
“Ah, not exactly.”
“Spain?”
“Let’s try this another way. Do you remember being told about Santa Claus?”
“I’m sorry?”
“Santa Claus…You know – older gentleman, white beard, reindeer and whatnot.” The professor must have seen Joe’s confusion because he didn’t wait for an answer. “Never mind. It doesn’t matter whether you remember being told about Santa Claus, but do you remember believing in Santa Claus?”
“Well…um…yeah, I guess so.”
“Do you remember when you stopped believing in him?”
“I guess.”
“Do you remember why you stopped believing?”
Joe frowned. “Because he’s not real?”
“How do you know?”
Joe wasn’t sure if the professor was making a joke or not. He seemed serious, but everyone knew who put the presents under the tree, and it wasn’t a jolly old fellow with a big belly and a long beard. Unless, of course, your own father (or, in some unfortunate cases, mother) happened to fit that description.
“Captain, are you trying to tell me Santa Claus is real?”
“Whether he’s real or not is beside the point.”
“So what is the point?”
The professor fixed him with a look. “We have the choice, Joe, if we want…to believe.”
Oddness, it appeared, was still alive and well in Professor Pendlebury.
“What would you say if I told you the Forests of Tonnerre are made of trees that float on the wind? They are called ‘Aspentine’ and they ride the air currents in the great thunderheads that drift across the world, and they never touch the ground?”
Joe didn’t say anything.
“The giant eagle riders of the Whistledown tribes fly into the clouds and harvest wood from the forests. Wood that is so light it floats on air. And people use the wood to build things, Joe. Things that float.”
“Is this like ‘Quagmirium’?”
“Yes! Exactly like Quagmirium.”
“But the first element ever discovered was Hydrogen. I found it in a book in the library. Quagmirium isn’t even real. I checked.”
“Was it?…Did you?”
“You’re making this all up.”
The professor sighed. “Believe or not believe, Joe. We all have the choice.”
With that he took an old, rusty key from his pocket and slipped it into a keyhole in one of the doors. The key turned with a satisfying ‘clunk’, before the door swung unsteadily inwards. The professor disappeared through the doorway and was lost for a moment in the blackness beyond. A sharp ‘click’ and harsh, florescent light announced that the modern world had finally invaded the carriage house in the ugly form of makeshift electrical lighting. What was contained therein was more unexpected.
“It’s a boat,” Joe said.
It was sitting on a set of wooden blocks in the middle of the shed, and even under the fluorescents it was beautiful. Its hull, mast and the two ornately carved oars stowed against its sides were made from a rich, dark timber that looked quite a lot like mahogany. Every inch was polished to a gleaming finish. Along the bow, carved into the wood and painted in white letters, was the name – Caeli.
“Your powers of observation astound me, lad. It is, in actual fact, a yacht.”
“You’re going to sail?”
The professor was busy messing with something at the rear of the yacht. He looked up and nodded.
“How are you going to get it down to the bay? It doesn’t even have a trailer.”
“You are assuming, my dear boy, the Caeli requires water to sail upon.”
Joe frowned. “Well…yeah.”
“You don’t notice anything at all unusual about this particular yacht?”
It did look a little different to most of the yachts Joe had seen, even the very small ones. Instead of having a deep hull and high sides to provide buoyancy, the Caeli had a wide, flat hull and rather low sides. It had a long, slender fin that ran beneath the bow, down the centre of the hull, the entire length from helm to stern. For some unusual reason it also had four ropes affixed to it, each secured firmly to the ground.
“Well…it’s a little shallower than normal.”
“Yes! Yes it is, isn’t it? Shallow. Not much good in open water, you might think.”
“But there’s no lake anywhere near here. The bay’s the only place you can sail it.”
“You’re forgetting about the Forests of Tonnerre.”
Joe sighed. “Flying trees?”
“Floating trees, Joe. They float.”
“Sorry, floating trees.”
“Cast off those forward lines for me and you’ll see.” 
He pointed to the ropes securing the front of the boat to the ground. As Joe fumbled with them, finally working both ropes loose, he imagined his bed was probably still nice and warm. But then something happened – something not quite right. He frowned and looked at the boat. It was floating six inches above the wooden blocks. He glanced at the professor, who was watching him with a grin.
“How is it doing that?” he asked.
“You have the choice, Joe,” said the professor as he wound up the loose rope. “Crazy stories from a crazy old man. Even I don’t believe half the things I say, but how do you explain this?”
“I…I don’t know.”
He gave the boat a soft nudge. It drifted gently for almost a foot before coming to rest against an old chair.
“Helium?” he tried in vain.
“The warmth of a comfortable reality,” said the professor.
“I’m sorry?”
“The world, and the way we see it. It’s moulded from what we believe. There’re no straight lines, no edges, no boundaries. It’s us, Joe. People. We’re the ones who make the rules. We break everything up into little bits, and we put them in boxes labelled ‘I Understand This’. The world keeps turning, we know where we stand, there’s a place for everything and everything in its place, right?
“But sometimes…sometimes the lines get a little blurred. Some things don’t quite fit. If you know where to look, that’s where the edges disappear and everything stops making sense.”
Joe looked back at the Caeli. He felt a sudden chill, a shudder of excitement that refused to allow itself to be extinguished by anything as trivial as simple logic. The little hairs on his forearms were standing up the way they did when he wore a T-shirt on a cold day.
“But…but that’s impossible.”
“Yes it is, isn’t it?”
“So…how’s it doing it?”
The professor rapped his knuckles on the polished timber.
“Aspentine? Whistledown eagle riders? Remember?”
“You were serious?”
The professor nodded.
“But…?”
“There are a million questions to ask, and time is getting away from us. I’m afraid you’re going to have to make do with the answers you already have. Now if you wouldn’t mind helping me stow this great lump of lead disguised as a bag, it’s almost time.”
“Time for what?” Joe asked as the little yacht groaned and settled under the weight of the duffel bag.
“Time for things to happen, my boy, things to happen! Now, careful she doesn’t knock up against those doors.”
Joe pushed the oak doors aside and watched as the professor walked the yacht out into the moonlight. It glided smoothly a few inches above the ground, drifting easily under the professor’s hand.
“Hold it steady for me while I lock up, will you Joe?”
Tentatively, Joe took hold of the yacht’s side. It was strange, the wood even felt like mahogany. He’d half expected it to feel light and spongy, like cork or balsa. He ran his fingers along the grain, feeling its texture. The craftsmanship was superb, more like a sculpture than a boat.
The florescent light winked out and the world was plunged back into the silhouette of moonlight.
“So, if it doesn’t sail on water, then what does it sail on?”
“Ah, my boy, there’s a way to go yet before I can reveal that little secret.” He pulled the doors together and locked them.
“Now if I can once more impose on your all too kind assistance, I could use some help keeping her steady, especially down the oval embankment.”
Joe nodded, all thoughts of going back to bed having vanished.
They walked the little yacht past the school’s outbuildings and down onto the main athletics oval. In the moonlight all the colour of the world had been washed away, replaced by a silver blanket cast out across the landscape.
The far side of the oval was technically the edge of the school. In reality, there was simply a large, unkempt field that stretched away over a small hill. Because it didn’t actually belong to the school it wasn’t maintained as part of the general grounds, and at this time of year it sported a healthy cover of summer grass. On the old maps in the school library the field was called Tristram’s Pledge, but Joe had no idea why, or who Tristram was for that matter.
“You see a floating yacht isn’t much good by itself, except perhaps for the novelty value,” explained the professor as they crossed the oval. “It doesn’t have a keel, so it’ll just be blown in whatever direction the wind blows. It needs something to keep it stable. Something to give it some direction.”
Joe looked ahead at the field. “The grass…” he said.
The professor smiled and gave him a wink.
It was simple. Summer wind on summer grass. He’d even watched it, running like waves across water, rolling over the countryside until they disappeared. It made a crazy sort of sense.
“Pretty straightforward when you think about it,” said the professor.
“It sails on grass?”
The professor nodded.
“Then I guess it’s going to be Tristram’s Pledge, right?”
“Bang on the money, lad.”
They were nearing the edge of the oval.
“I’m afraid it’s going to be a pretty short ride then, Captain,” said Joe. “Sandleford Wood is just over that hill.”
“Is it? Not much good for sailing in either, I expect. Full of trees?”
“Mostly just brambles and thistles. We have to run through it on the cross–country course.”
“But that’s the funny thing about horizons, isn’t it?” asked the professor. “You can never be exactly sure what’s over the next one.”
With a faint shoosh’ing sound, the Caeli slid into the long grass at the edge of the field. It glided smoothly through the stems and came to a gentle stop, neatly held in place by the long fin running beneath the hull.
“Have you ever wondered what’s over the horizon, Joe?”
“Do you mean this horizon?”
“This horizon will do,” the professor said, fumbling with a rope at the front of the boat.
“Apart from Sandleford Wood?” asked Joe.
“Including the wood.”
Joe frowned. “I don’t understand.”
The professor heaved on the rope, causing the mast, which had been lying lengthwise along the centre of the Caeli, to rise aloft. He fastened the rope to the front of the yacht and began working another rope loose.
“Do you know what that mound is?” the professor asked, nodding towards the nearby hill. Like the field, it sported a healthy cover of summer grass, giving it the look of a huge, furry, upturned bowl. The previous summer, Joe and Pete had sometimes snuck out at night and used the hill as a lookout. They had taken turns, sitting alternately on the hill and on the oval, to signal to each other in Morse code with their torches. But he guessed that wasn’t the answer the professor was looking for.
“It’s a fairy mound,” continued the Professor. “It’s called the Sighan of Isolde. Legend has it, if you walk around a fairy mound a few times ‘widdershins’ – that’s anticlockwise to you and me – under a full moon then, Bob’s your uncle, a doorway into the land of Faery will open up. What do you think about that?”
“I assume you’re not talking about Disneyland.”
“Ah…no. Not exactly.”
“So, do you mean fairies and pixies and stuff?”
“Well, more or less. Although back in their day they were taken far more seriously than Tinker Bell and the Tooth Fairy.”
“Is it true then? The doorway I mean.”
“Of course not. It’s just superstitious nonsense. Just like dragons and floating trees and the moon landings. But still, it makes you wonder.”
“The moon landings?”
The professor freed the rope, took a step backwards and applied his weight to it. A brilliant white mainsail slid to the top of the mast and cracked taut as it picked up the breeze. The boat leapt forward, making Joe take a few steps and brace himself to stop the thing from getting away. The professor secured the rope and began pulling on yet another. A jib flew to the top of the mast in front of the mainsail.
“Thousands of years and we still remember it, the folklore,” the professor said as he secured the jib, then moved to the stern. “And back in those days they didn’t even have talkback radio.”
“So does that mean you’re not going to sail widder…what was it again?”
“Widdershins.”
“You’re not going to sail widdershins around the hill?”
The professor took a hold of the yacht and leaned against the pull of the sail so Joe was able to relax a little and loosen his grip. 
“Well I guess that all depends, now, doesn’t it?”
“On what?”
“On whether I’m willing to believe.” He grinned, and Joe felt the familiar touch of excitement run through him like electricity, making him shiver. “The old stories had to come from somewhere, didn’t they? You could wander around this hill as often as you liked, jump up and down and curse until you’re blue in the face, and nothing would happen. But then, perhaps you’re just looking at it the wrong way.”
“How should you look at it?”
“Maybe sideways?” the professor mused. “Slantways? Longways? Backways?…Upsidedownways?”
Joe shrugged and shook his head.
The professor sighed. “Okay, try taking a look up there across the mound and tell me what you see.”
Joe looked across Tristram’s Pledge towards the little hill. Under the full moon the grass had become a sea of silver, moving and churning with a life of its own.
“It’s just grass,” said Joe.
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“Keep looking.”
The wind created shadowy patterns and gave life to dark eddies that danced across the field. The sails of the Caeli fluttered and snapped taut as it lost and caught the breeze. 
“I don’t know, Captain. I ca…” And then it happened. As he looked away he saw something change. Not a big change, just something small and subtle. Something you wouldn’t notice if you weren’t looking for it.
He darted his eyesight back to the hill, searching for what he’d seen, and immediately it was gone. But he had seen something, and suddenly his heart begun its own little tap dance routine, complete with top hat and walking cane.
Carefully he looked away from the mound and there it was, out of the corner of his eye. It disappeared as soon as he looked directly at it, but if he looked just to one side, just enough to perhaps trick his eyes into seeing something they knew they couldn’t, then slowly it swam into view.
Once, on one of their outings to the coast, Joe’s class had climbed to the top of a bluff overlooking the local bay. The official purpose had been ‘to study the formation of sedimentary rock’ but Joe suspected the real reason was to just get out of the classroom for a while. From their vantage point, he’d been able to look down onto pretty much the whole ocean, and he had noticed something…curious. A thin path of perfectly calm water snaking its way across the bay. On either side of the path the water sparkled with countless tiny ripples, but inside, subdued by the movement of the ocean currents, the water’s surface was perfectly calm.
Looking out the corner of his eye, that is exactly what Joe saw now. But instead of water, it was a path of light. It shimmered and glistened with a golden haze, but it also moved and ran as if he was looking at it through a rain spattered window. It twisted across Tristram’s Pledge and disappeared over the fairy mound.
“It’s…it’s a pathway, Captain…of light.”
“A pathway of light?” asked the professor in mock disbelief.
Joe nodded.
“Well, well. My word, Joe, you are full of surprises.” 
Joe frowned. “I don’t understand.”
“Well, my boy, most people would have just seen a hill covered in grass and moonlight. But you…you’ve seen something else.” The professor ran his hand lightly across his whiskered chin. “Surprises indeed.”
“But, what does it mean?”
“It means the edges are starting to disappear.”
A gust of wind ruffled Joe’s hair and, for a moment, both he and the professor had to strain to keep a hold of the little boat. He watched as the gust swept across the field and up onto the hill, turning the ripples into rolling waves as it passed.
“Almost the whole world is asleep,” said the professor as he shifted his stance. “Everybody you know, everybody you see, everybody you talk to. Only a few people are awake and they live in a state of constant, total amazement.”
He gave Joe a grin. “Would you like to wake up?”
“Wake up?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
“Come with me.”
“Where?”
“For a ride.”
“A ride?”
“Yes.”
“What, now?”
The professor nodded.
“But I’m in my pyjamas.” He hadn’t really been expecting to help launch a floating yacht when he’d left his dorm room. “Can I at least go back and get changed?”
“On occasion, Joe, for some obscure reason life in general offers up second chances. I don’t know why, it just seems to happen. Apparently it happens to other people a lot more than it happens to me. However – and let me be very clear here – this is not one of those times. You have a choice but you won’t get this choice again. It’s now or never.”
Joe hesitated. The world definitely had changed. To use the professor’s own analogy, it wasn’t fitting into its little boxes anymore. He looked back up to the fairy mound. He could see the pathway of light now, without having to look out the corner of his eye. It wound through the field and passed a stone’s throw away from where he and the professor stood.
“I…I…don’t know, Captain,” he stammered. “I mean, I’ve got stuff I’m meant to do. Homework and stuff.”
“That can wait, lad.”
A part of Joe was bouncing around inside him like a child with a new toy. However, another much bigger part of him, the part that said things like ‘If you’re going to put your hand in that blender then you’re on your own, buddy’, was taking a dislike to the idea of going anywhere.
The professor’s voice was calm and steady. “Courage is something that finds us, Joe. We don’t find it. None of us are ready when we need it the most. The best we can hope for is that we do the right thing and we don’t have to change our underwear afterwards.”
Joe was silent.
The professor smiled and looked away. “Don’t worry, Joe. It was wrong of me to bring you out here. I’m sorry. Go back to bed and forget any of this happened. The boat isn’t really floating. The path is just a trick of the moonlight. You’ll see, in the morning everything will be back to normal.” 
He shifted his shoulders and started to bring the stern about. The bow moved across the grass until it was heading directly towards the top of the hill. The mainsail and the jib squared up to the breeze and strained against the mast, dragging the boat forward.
A warm bed, thought Joe. And a long, dull summer. The most interesting thing he’d planned on doing was to sneak the school’s telescope onto the roof to do some stargazing. But now, right here in front of him, was something he had never even dreamt of. Well, okay, maybe he’d dreamt of something like it. After all, a kid can only read about so many magical lands on the other side of wardrobes, or little guys running around with magic rings, without imagining something. But he had never imagined it actually happening.
“Captain?” he said resolutely. “Permission to come aboard, sir?”
The professor beamed. “Permission granted, lad. Permission granted!”
Joe clambered over the side as the little yacht began moving smoothly through the grass. It rocked a little with his weight, but the hull balanced the extra load nicely.
The professor took a few loping steps and levered himself onto the stern. Freed of its only restraint, the Caeli leapt forward. The grass whispered past beneath them, a thousand artist’s brushes gently running the length of the hull. With carefree ease, they cut across Tristram’s Pledge, towards the mound.
Joe had been sailing once when he was younger. It had been on a boat that belonged to a friend of his father’s, back in the days before…well, back when his life was simpler. They had spent the afternoon on the waters of a lake Joe still didn’t know the name of. He’d thought the boat was about the most perfect thing he had ever seen, but compared to the Caeli it now seemed clumsy and awkward. The Caeli was a gleaming knife that cut through the darkness of the night.
The timbers creaked as the prow carved into the grass at the edge of the hill. The little yacht slowed as it began to climb. They were now running dead centre on top of the path of light, headed straight for the top of the fairy mound, and the path had become a river of gold rushing beneath them. Even the air felt alive.
“Captain?”
“Enjoying the ride, Joe?”
“Well, yes sir. But we’re not sailing to Sandleford Wood, are we?”
“Not exactly.”
“Then…where are we going?”
“You’ll see, Joe. Cross your fingers, we’re almost over.”
With those words, the Caeli crested the hilltop. 
There, spread out before them, illuminated in silver, was an ocean of grass. As far as the eye could see, grass under the moonlight, rippling and swaying in the wind. He knew it was impossible. It definitely, positively, almost certainly wasn’t real. Still, that didn’t make it any less breathtaking. And it looked real. But if it was real, then where were they?
For an instant he glanced back at St. George’s. It was still there and, oddly enough, it looked as solid as ever. He’d half expected to see it fade like a cheap special effect. Yet when he looked forward once more, there it was, stretching away into the night – an impossible ocean alive with the endless motion of silver and shadow.
They flitted across the top of the hill and the yacht quickened its pace as they began to descend the opposite slope. The school buildings, the athletics oval and the rest of the ‘real’ world sank behind the crest of the hilltop. The path of light began to disappear, gradually vanishing as it mixed with the shifting silhouettes.
They skipped along with the wind, dropping effortlessly off the slope and onto the swaying tide of grass. The Caeli became a pinpoint of light on the vastness of the ocean.

Chapter 3

The Knights of the Order of Peregrine

Picture a castle – but not just any castle. This castle doesn’t have those flimsy front gates you find on some castles. Or a second rate portcullis that would have trouble keeping out an angry herd of cows, let alone men with battering rams. No fancy moat either, they’re not much good unless you’ve got a fishing rod anyway. Minarets? Don’t even think about minarets…
Now think about rocks. BIG rocks. In particular, one almighty, fire and brimstone, Wrath of the Gods, cast out from Heaven type rock, black as the damned and thrust up from the landscape like a gigantic exclamation mark. Sounds impressive, doesn’t it? If you stood at the bottom and tried to look at the top you’d probably fall over backwards. But eventually what you would see, way up there where people look like…well maybe not ‘ants’ exactly…perhaps ‘flies’? Anyway, right at the top, perched like an eagle waiting for the next small and tender thing to wobble past, you’d see the castle.
You imagine it’s the sort of thing that would make invading armies shake their heads, turn for home and start thinking about a career change. The only way in or out is a narrow sliver of land joining it to the surrounding countryside. And it has a great big front gate that, if you had it slammed in your face, you’d have trouble opening again with dynamite. An entire army could end up perched on that little, exposed trail, waiting politely for someone to knock at the door. Because, of course, all the arrow slits and heavy catapult emplacements would make sure an impolite army didn’t wait for long.
As for the cliffs, even if you did manage to somehow scale them, all the way clinging for dear life to a rock face weathered over the years to a nice smooth, polished finish, at the top you would come face to face with about fifty feet of vertical stone wall. It’s only then, whilst wondering how to stop feeling dizzy every time you look down, that you’d probably start thinking about mortar.
Mortar. It’s important. It sticks things together. It would no doubt come as a disappointment, it has to be said, to find that all the cracks in the stone wall, which ordinarily make such good handholds, have been enthusiastically filled with…yes… mortar.
Let us imagine then, for a moment, you have actually managed to miraculously scale the cliffs and, even more astonishingly, somehow managed to shimmy up the stone wall. You might be forgiven for breathing a sigh of relief. Why, in front of you is pasture, green grass, grazing animals. A little steep perhaps but, compared to the cliff and the rock wall, this should be a stroll in the park. Perhaps this castle isn’t so tough after all? That is until you see the next wall. Even taller than the first, and every bit as daunting. And the slope you’re going to gently stroll up will give the men on top of the wall plenty of time to get their aim right.
And, well…basically you wouldn’t get to the top of the second wall. Not by yourself anyway. But, for argument’s sake, let’s just say someone up there took pity on you and dropped down a ladder or something. Up the top, what you’d find is a bunch of buildings. Big, square, made of – you guessed it – rock. Nothing fancy, not very artistic, but easily barricaded and very, very hard to get into if the people inside don’t want you there.
Yes, that’s right, the castle means business. It doesn’t look pretty, it looks serious. It was built by people who knew how to keep people out, and were good at it. If it wasn’t so immaculately maintained, you’d imagine the blood of the poor, hapless fools who had tried to lay siege to it would probably still stain the walls. 
And the men who live inside it are a lot like the castle itself – serious. When they’re not busy manning the battlements or lancing one another from horseback, you’ll find them polishing their armour and sharpening their swords. These are the type of men who don’t have a lot of room for indecision or idleness. It’s just a bit of a shame there also isn’t a lot of room for much in the way of imagination.
A group of around thirty men have gathered in the central courtyard. They are each dressed in light armour, the sort of thing that’s good at stopping arrows and spears, but doesn’t chafe and cause those nasty little rashes like heavy armour does, especially on long journeys. Beside each man stands a gallant war horse. As big as Clydesdales, they are loaded up with all the essentials of your typical knight-on-a-mission. Swords, shields, lances – that sort of thing.
“Knights…MOUNT!” The command echoes around the courtyard, followed shortly by the sound of thirty men settling into their saddles and the click of shod hooves on paving stones as the horses jitter sideways, anxious to be away. The man who issued the order stands at the front of the troop, inspecting the men. If pride and honour were a banana then these guys would be hungry gorillas. They are a line of chins and chests.
Apparently satisfied, the commander mounts his own charger. He absent-mindedly brushes his black moustache as he settles into the saddle. Then he raises his right hand into the air.
“Knights…FOOOORWAAAARD!”
Thirty knights ride, two abreast, through the castle gate and away into the promise of a beautiful morning. From the battlements their standard can be seen waving in the breeze, a falcon on a field of blue, as they ride into the distance.

Chapter 4

Banshee’s Peak

Joe and the professor had been travelling for most of the morning. Long enough for the living green ocean rushing past beneath them to become, although still amazing and wonderful, simply part of the scenery.
The sunrise had been breathtaking though. It snuck up out of the east, washing the world with colour and turning the sky into their own personal celestial light show. Now a brilliant blue sky stretched above them, scattered here and there with the sort of clouds that look like the trails left by other, more serious clouds.
Joe had drowned the professor in questions. In response the professor had, in typical professor style, been rather annoyingly vague. About the only thing he did say was that the land across which they were travelling was called the Plains of Wallagaraugh.
Supposedly it was inhabited by a race of uncivilised barbarians called the ‘Schmoo’ who, according to the professor, were known for having hairy backs, one eyebrow and painting their faces purple. Joe was a little disappointed. He’d been hoping for wizards and goblins, and instead he’d gotten purple faced Neanderthals. If they reeked of alcohol and grunted occasionally then he’d probably already seen them at various railway stations. Still, it hadn’t dented his enthusiasm.
Breakfast was interesting. After rummaging around in his duffle bag for a while the professor produced a frying pan, a string of spiced sausages, a couple of eggs, bacon, tomatoes and even a handful of tasty looking shitake mushrooms.
And finally a large, flat, square tile. 
At first Joe thought the tile might have been some sort of fancy chopping board. It was made of perfectly jet black quartz, laced through with radial veins of marble. The professor set it into a bracket mounted near the rear of the boat. 
Then he did something odd. Although, considering his already noteworthy level of oddness, perhaps it was just more odd. He took a small rock, about the size of a marble, from a velvet pouch in his breast pocket and placed it into a wooden cup mounted beneath the tile. Almost immediately, the centre of the tile began to glow red with heat. The professor put the frying pan on it, threw in the ingredients and began cooking breakfast.
“Nuclear fission,” he explained with a wink, but after a sceptical look from Joe he added, “It’s magic, and if I knew how magic worked we’d be sailing a much bigger boat.”
Through the morning the breeze held the sails and occasionally picked up or dropped off. The Caeli had been built well, with the flat hull rocking gently to balance the pull of the mast. Surprisingly they only needed the slightest breath of wind to skim along at a steady pace.
To pass the time the professor started giving Joe instructions on seamanship. He learnt that the two ends of the boat were the ‘Bow’ (the front) and the ‘Stern’ (the back). If he moved towards the bow, he was ‘Going Forward’. If he moved towards the stern, he was ‘Going Aft’. When he was facing the bow, the left side was ‘Port’ and the right side was ‘Starboard’. 
Finally when the professor began throwing random nautical terms at him, such as ‘boom’ and ‘halyard’ and ‘watch out for that iceberg!’, Joe decided to start writing them down. He generally kept a notebook and a pencil stub in his dressing gown. However, as he hunted around for the elusive pencil, he pulled a book of poetry out of one pocket. His literature class were studying Tennyson so he’d started carrying a book of selected verse for reading whenever he got a chance. 
“What’s that you’ve got there, my boy?” the professor asked.
“It’s just Tennyson. We’re studying it in English Lit’.”
“Alfred Lord Tennyson? Well, why didn’t you say so, lad? My word, will wonders never cease?” 
The book itself wasn’t in great shape. It was dog eared, the pages had yellowed with age, and it was only just still in one piece. A big purple stamp on the inside cover proclaimed it to be the property of the St. George’s Boarding School for Boys’ Library.
Joe shrugged.
“Well, don’t just sit there, go on and read something.”
And while I’m reading poetry I won’t be asking endless questions, thought Joe.
So that’s how they spent the rest of the morning; with the sun on their faces, a fresh breeze in their sails and Joe’s small, rhythmic voice reciting Tennyson. All things considered, it wasn’t a half bad way to travel.

*

It was early afternoon when they first sighted Banshee’s Peak. It was the first change in the landscape since they’d dropped onto the plains, a conical shaped hill that rose dramatically above them. At its peak, a protrusion of rock jutted angrily into the sky.
“Banshee’s Peak,” said the professor. “Excellent lookout. If you climb to the top, you can see for miles.”
“Do many people climb it?” Joe asked, guessing Banshee’s Peak was probably a little too far off the beaten track to attract the usual swarms of migrating tourists.
“You’d be surprised. Most travellers who’ve passed this way would’ve climbed Banshee’s Peak at one time or another.”
“Why?” Joe was genuinely puzzled.
“Well, the Schmoo aren’t a particularly sociable lot,” said the professor. “Any ships they come across, they usually loot and burn.” He didn’t mention what happened to the people on board the ships, but his tone didn’t conjure images of a relaxing holiday by the seaside.
“A quick stop and a brisk walk can do wonders for your peace of mind. From up there you can see for miles, including any Schmoo who might be wandering around. Before you know it, you’re on the road again, and can usually avoid any encounters with the unruly locals.”
Joe shifted his weight to get a better look. “Do you think we’ll see anyone el–” he stopped in mid-sentence. In the distance he could just make out the shape of another boat anchored near the base. “A boat! There’s a boat, Captain!” The excitement made his voice go high and squeaky. 
He leaned forward to try to get a better look. It appeared to be much larger than the Caeli, with two masts and a raised after-castle. It looked for all the world like a small Spanish galleon. He wasn’t quite sure, but he thought he could make out figures moving around on the deck.
“It looks quite big, doesn’t it?” he added helpfully.
The professor was silent.
“Captain?” he turned and found the professor was staring grimly at the peak. He followed the professor’s gaze. Running here and there across the slopes were what looked like wild dogs. Only they weren’t your regular ‘chase a tennis ball’ type dogs – they were far too big for that. Even from a distance, they appeared almost as tall as a full grown man.
“Joe, take the helm for a moment.” There was a gravity in the bespectacled man’s voice. Without a word Joe scurried aft and took the rudder.
“Keep us pointed at the peak,” the professor said as he began rummaging through his duffel bag. “Do you know what a ‘warg’ is, Joe?”
“Umm…not really, no.”
“Well, it’s kind of like a wolf, only it doesn’t have a wolf’s good manners. If you took a hyena, a jackal and a tiger, mixed them all together with the meanest, ugliest ball of teeth and claws you can imagine, you might get close. They’re almost the nastiest things we could have had the misfortune to come across out here on the plains. And unfortunately, the Schmoo like to keep them as pets.”
Joe watched the animals as they ran back and forth around the peak. He noticed they were staying away from the other ship, giving it a wide berth. A number of them, however, seemed to be crowded around the pinnacle. They were excited about something, but Joe couldn’t quite make out what.
Then he saw it, a tiny figure perched precariously on the very top of the peak.
“Captain! There’s someone up there!”
Without bothering to look, the professor said, “Yes, I know.”
Straightening up, he withdrew a large bullhorn from the bag. It was about a foot long and looked like…well…like a bull’s horn. It had a beautiful polished finish, with silver trimming capped at the larger end and a bugle-like mouthpiece moulded to the smaller end.
With the other hand he withdrew a flag.
“The first thing we have to do is let them know who we are,” he said, laying the horn to one side and letting the flag unfurl.
“Let who know who we are?” Joe asked.
“Whom.”
There was a pause. “I’m sorry?”
“Whom. Let whom know who we are.” The professor had begun attaching the flag to a line that wound its way to the top of the mast.
“Okay…” Joe sat back and took a breath. “The people on the other boat, right?”
“Exactly. As well as anyone else who might be watching.”
With a wink, he pulled on the line and the flag fluttered its way into place above their heads. As it began to snap in the wind, Joe could see it showed a rather splendid red dragon on a field of black.
“The next thing,” the professor continued, his voice growing muffled once more as he plunged back into the bag, “is to give them a show.”
They were getting closer now, and Joe could make out the figure perched on the top of the peak. It appeared to be a child. Actually there seemed to be two children up there, one perhaps a little smaller than the other. The wargs were snarling and fighting each other for the chance to make a grab at them, but the steep slope and loose shale was proving difficult for them to get a good foothold.
The larger of the two children brandished what looked like a small spear. He stood protectively in front of the smaller child and was using the spear to fend off the wargs as best he could. It was a monumental show of bravery but, even so, Joe figured it couldn’t last.
He looked over to the ship. There was a lot of activity onboard deck. He could now make out what appeared to be two huge crossbows, mounted at the bow and the stern. Several men crowded around them, winding the mechanism to cock and load the weapons. Other men stood on the deck armed with bows. Joe could make out the bodies of two wargs near the ship, still and lifeless, stuck through with arrows.
“Why don’t they just sail in and get them?” he asked.
“They’re too heavy,” the professor replied. “They can’t get in close enough. The children would have to make a run for it across the open ground, and the wargs would be on top of them before they got a dozen paces.” He paused for a moment. “No…what’s called for in this particular situation is a light, fast vessel that can maybe slip in nice and close, pick them up, then get away again without anyone getting eaten.”
Joe was stunned. “We’re going in there?”
“Correct.”
“We’ll be killed!”
“Maybe…but if we don’t go, those two children definitely will.”
Joe thought it was all well and good to be valiant and rush in to save the day, he just preferred it be someone else who did the rushing and the saving.
“Ah, here it is!” announced the professor, extracting himself. He held a long, brown paper bag. “Most of a good fight, Joe, is just showmanship. If you make it look good, they’ll usually believe it is good.”
“You haven’t got a handy army in there by any chance?”
“Even better. Smoke and mirrors, my boy.” The professor grinned, holding up the bag. “Sleight of hand, that’s the key!”
To Joe’s surprise, he realised he had seen it before.
“That isn’t…?” he paused. 
“Isn’t what?”
“Mike Walsh?”
The professor grinned again.
Mike Walsh was a student in Joe’s science class. He had become something of a legend amongst the student body, whether intended or not, by playing pranks on the senior teaching staff.
But Mike’s pranks weren’t just ‘bucket and door’ type antics, they were masterpieces of planning and design, with hours spent scrutinizing blueprints or pacing out buildings. So, when the faculty woke to find the headmaster’s fifty foot, ocean going catamaran floating in the school’s Olympic size swimming pool, or an inch of ice throughout the school corridors after a balmy summer’s night, or even the car radios simply playing Dancing Queen over and over again, they all knew Mike was somehow responsible.
Therefore, naturally, when the professor had strolled calmly across to Mike’s desk during one of their science lessons and confiscated the harmless looking brown paper bag, everyone had assumed something was afoot. As it turned out, the bag contained fireworks. Nothing fancy, just some rockets and crackers. But now, more importantly, Mike’s fireworks had been confiscated.
The next morning, during their pre-dawn assembly, with the boys rugged up against the cold and the sun still a distant memory, the headmaster had been right in the middle of his usual stale and stagnant speech about ‘school pride’ and ‘faculty honour’ when a rocket whistled overhead and burst into a shower of red and green stars. A gasp of surprise had swept the crowd as the headmaster looked down into the smiling, innocent face of Mike Walsh – “But mine were confiscated, sir.”
He’d still received two weeks detention.
And now the professor held Mike’s bag of fireworks in his hand. From it he withdrew a set of Chinese crackers, three large colourful rockets, a lighter and even a foot long piece of black plastic tube, capped at one end. 
“That boy,” he said, examining the tube, “has far too much time on his hands.”
He went forward to the bow and, stretching, tied the crackers to the bowsprit (the little piece of wood sticking out of the front of the boat). Then, rockets in hand, he returned to the stern and took Joe’s place at the helm.
“Right, I think we’re just about set.”
“Captain…I don’t know about this, I mean…”
The professor nodded towards the ship. “Can you see what they’re doing over there right now?”
A group of about ten men, dressed in heavy looking leather and armed with spears, had gathered on the deck. They seemed to be getting ready to disembark from the ship and head towards the peak on foot.
“It takes about four or five men to bring down a single warg. Those men are pretty seriously outnumbered, but they’re still willing to sacrifice their own lives to try to save those two children.”
Joe watched as the men buckled armour and donned helmets.
“Take a look to port, Joe.”
He did so and saw the Schmoo. At least, that’s who he guessed they were. Lumbering across the plain, wearing animal hides and carrying cruel looking axes, about fifty of them were spread out in a rough line, running with a hunched gait and a chilling ferocity.
The professor hadn’t lied either, their faces were painted purple. Each man had jagged lines of deep, muddy purple drawn across his face and down his neck, as if a clawed hand had gouged its way across them.
The professor motioned back towards the ship. “They can’t afford to wait any longer, so they’re preparing to go on foot. Perhaps those two ballistae they’ve got mounted up there can give them some cover, but I doubt it.” He gave Joe a meaningful look. “But they’re prepared to go anyway, and they’ll take as many wargs and Schmoo with them as they can.”
Joe was silent for a moment, then he said, “Or there’s us.”
“That’s right.”
He sighed. “Are we going to get killed, Captain?”
“No one would call us cowards for turning around and going the other way. Bravery doesn’t come from carrying a sword and waving it in people’s faces, it comes from doing what’s right. No one wants to be brave, Joe, not when it counts the most. Personally I’d prefer to be sitting on a couch reading a good book right about now.” 
But, from the look on the professor’s face, Joe somehow doubted that.
“So, what do we do?”
The professor handed him the fireworks. “When I give you the word, start firing those rockets out of that tube. Try to get them in as close to the middle of the wargs as you can. But remember, you’ve only got three, so make them count. Then, as a finale, light up those crackers and we’ll see what sort of show we can put on.”
Joe’s stomach was a tight little knot of trepidation as he climbed forward to the bow. Crouching beneath the jib, as far forward as he could get, he had a clear view of the peak. They were only a short distance from its base now, but neither the wargs nor the men on the ship appeared to have seen them. The wind was holding steady and they were a little shy of square on. He gave a small groan as he realised they were going to end up on the opposite side of the peak to the other ship. That meant the sailors wouldn’t be able to provide any help, and wouldn’t even be able to see what was happening once the Caeli disappeared behind the hill.
He murmured under his breath, “This is just a really, really bad idea.”
“Cover your ears, Joe.” The professor stood upright at the stern, raised the bull horn to his lips, took a deep breath and blew.
The shockwave thumped into Joe and tore his breath away. He wondered, oddly enough, if this was what ship’s fog horns sounded like.
Finally, however, it began to fade, dropping to a level that made his teeth vibrate and would probably have set off all the neighbourhood dogs. When it subsided into a heavy-metal ringing in his ears, and the professor had posed for a moment, stoic against the afternoon sky, he turned and grinned at Joe.
He said, “…”
Joe yelled, “WHAT?”
“I SAID LOUD, ISN’T IT? That should get their attention.”
On Banshee’s Peak, everything had stopped. Everything. The sailors onboard the other ship had halted their preparations and were instead watching the Caeli, some of them pointing. The wargs had stopped in their tracks and had turned to look at Joe and the professor, most with almost comical expressions of astonishment on their faces.
It appeared that only the Schmoo were unsurprised with Joe and the professor’s sudden appearance. However, from their position, they had probably already seen the Caeli approaching the peak. Now they simply had two boats to deal with instead of one, and it looked like they had even picked up their pace.
“Get yourself ready, Joe, and start firing when I tell you.”
They whispered across the grass and slipped effortlessly from the flat ground onto the gradual incline. In a matter of moments they were racing across the base of the peak, the professor keeping them level to retain their momentum.
Joe fumbled a rocket out of the paper bag and managed, with nervous hands, to thread it into the plastic tube. He almost dropped the lighter twice before grabbing it, white knuckled, ready to light. 
The professor eased the rudder a little to the left, bringing them onto a steeper uphill line and moving the wind further behind them. 
“Okay, Joe,” he cried, “fire at will!”
Joe hammered the lighter barrel and succeeded, typically, in almost dropping it yet again. He stopped for a moment and took a deep breath, then tried again. It took three strikes before the thing finally produced a steady flame. With his heart racing, Joe lit the wick.
He waited for an eternity, aiming the tube as best he could in the direction of the wargs, before he heard the satisfying WUMP of the rocket igniting. It arced away from the Caeli, up the rise and straight towards the wargs. But, to his dismay, it was low and came to ground before it reached the main pack. Its speed however made the thing bounce and skip across the rocks, spinning its way in amongst the animals, gushing forth a torrent of sparks as it went. The wargs instinctively shied away, taking a few paces back to distance themselves from the strange, hissing thing.
Then it exploded.
It showered the closest wargs in iridescent yellow embers. An alarmed howl and angry barks rose from the pack. Animals began to scatter, especially those with sparks smouldering in their coats. Other animals, snarling and snapping in confusion, began to fight amongst themselves. Intelligence, it seemed, was also something wargs weren’t particularly gifted with. But by then, Joe was already fumbling the second rocket into the tube.
“Try aiming a little higher,” the professor suggested.
Joe looked back at him with a frown. “Do you want to come up here and do this?”
“No, no. You’re doing fine.”
The wargs had spread out, away from the patch of blackened earth where the first rocket had exploded. Although a number of them appeared to have begun backing away down the hill, there were still a few larger animals gathered around the peak. Joe aimed the second rocket at them.
This time the wick caught first go. Another heart stopping moment and the rocket was away. It crested its arc, trailing a cloud of sparks and smoke, and plunged into the middle of the animals. It hit one of them square on the side of its head, making the thing rear in panic and lumber sideways into another of the beasts. The rocket hissed and spat on the ground for a moment and then it too exploded, this time with green stars.
Again the wargs backed away, and now the fear and confusion seemed to sweep over them like a shadow. More began to retreat down the slope, back towards the plains. It wasn’t a full rout, but fewer and fewer seemed interested in sticking around to see what other surprises Joe and the professor had in store.
The Caeli was already more than halfway up the side of the peak as Joe fished around in the paper bag for the last rocket. It was big, really big. Bigger than the first two combined. Printed in large yellow letters along its side were the words ‘Caution: Not to be handled by children’.
“That one should give them a scare,” the professor grinned.
Joe frowned. “You’re not enjoying this, are you?”
“Of course not, dreadfully serious business.”
“We’re probably going to get killed, you know?”
“All in a day’s work, my boy. Aim it nice and high and put the fear of Man into them.”
Joe loaded the rocket and lit the wick. After the now familiar sizzle and spit, the sudden burst of smoke and sparks was enough to make the bare skin on his hands smart.
The rocket whistled away into the sky above the peak. Then, with a dull, concussive thud that shook the rigging, the thing flowered into life.
Stars – silver and blue – thousands of them, plumed outwards in an incandescent fountain. They showered down over the peak, crackling and sparkling until they disappeared. Joe had seen something similar at New Year’s Eve celebrations. The effect was lost a little in the afternoon light, but it still looked spectacular enough to draw a whistle of approval from the professor.
The effect certainly wasn’t lost on the remaining wargs. Most turned and fled, galloping full tilt boogie down the hill. Only a handful remained, standing warily some distance away, watching.
The professor threw the rudder to the left and the little yacht swung around to starboard, heading straight up towards the peak. The mainsail swung out to their right, staying taut in the wind as it shifted behind them. 
“Okay, Joe,” the professor called. “Let slip the dogs of war.”
“The crackers?”
“If you wouldn’t mind.”
He climbed forward onto the little foredeck and leaned out over the bow. Balancing with his arms wound around the bowsprit, he watched the grass whip past in a blur of green. Now would really be the wrong time to drop the lighter, he thought.
Stretching forward he grappled with the little red cartridges and, after a moment, the wick sputtered into life. 
“Good work,” called the professor. “This should keep them out of our – ” and then the war started.
Joe had watched war movies on TV and the ratta-tat-tat of the machine guns had always sounded pretty cool. Of course, when he was watching TV he could always turn the sound down. With the Chinese crackers there was no volume control. They sounded like a handful of machine guns all going off right next to his head.
They glided up the slope under the barrage of imagined enemy fire and, seemingly, floating on a cloud of spent firework smoke. If they’d had an oversized papier-mâché serpent they could have had their very own Chinese festival.
They were more than three quarters of the way to the top by the time the last cracker fired and they emerged, like the Mary Celeste, from the gunpowder cloud. The remaining wargs were disappearing off the peak with backs turned and tails between their legs.
The professor stood full height at the stern with hair whipped across his face by the wind. Not for the first time, Joe thought, I really don’t know the Captain very well, do I? But the thought was fleeting as he caught sight of the Schmoo. They had made it to Banshee’s Peak and were spreading out across the base, forming a ragged and murderous line.
“Err…Captain?”
“Don’t worry about that right now. One thing at a time.”
“But – ”
“One thing, Joe,” the professor repeated, a little more sombrely, “at a time.”
Their momentum and the wind were carrying them closer to the peak but, even with Joe’s silent urging, they were beginning to slow. The grass here was thinning out and the Caeli was riding lower, occasionally touching the rocky ground.
The two children had already leapt from the outcrop and were making their way down the slope towards them. The older boy appeared to be limping with an injured leg. He was leaning heavily on the smaller boy and using his spear as a crutch. As a result, their progress was agonisingly slow.
The Caeli grazed the ground, bounced forwards for a few more encouraging heartbeats, then came to a stop. They were still roughly a galaxy away from the children and, at the rate the boys were moving, it would probably take a lifetime or two for them to reach the boat. Admittedly all four of their remaining lifetimes were probably going to be quite short, but that wasn’t a very comforting thought.
Joe glanced from the children, who were struggling down the incline, to the Schmoo, who were charging up it. “This is it – I’m going to die,” he breathed as he grabbed the side of the boat and threw himself out.
He sprinted towards the two children, his dressing gown flapping in the wind. He’d never been particularly athletic, but desperation can sometimes do wonderful things. Still, he was well and truly out of breath by the time he reached them. Without speaking, he moved to the older boy’s side and threw his arm around him. The boy was about the same size as Joe and was obviously in pain. The right leg of his trousers was stained black with blood. 
Between the three of them, they began stumbling back towards the Caeli. None of them spoke a word, not that Joe recalled anyway. All their concentration was focused on getting over the next rock, down the next slide of shale, back to the little yacht. All the noise in the world consisted of their breathing, heavy and laboured.
But there was another noise. Joe could hear it beyond the pounding in his ears. It was the Schmoo. They were whistling and shouting as they climbed. Short, sharp whistles and harsh, guttural shouts, echoing off the summit like a sports stadium. They reminded Joe of something… something he’d seen once on TV, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. 
Then the recollection hit him with a chill – working dog trials. They were calling to the wargs.
He tried to quicken their pace. If the wargs came back, they’d be sitting ducks. Or perhaps three snacks on the run. He tried not to think about it. Besides, they were almost there. They were so close Joe could see the undercurrent of anxiety that the professor’s boyish grin failed to keep from his face. But now every step drew a gasp of pain from the injured boy. Every inch of ground seemed to take forever. Joe imagined he could actually feel the pack of wargs behind him, moments from sinking their teeth into a tasty school-boy dinner.
But then they were there, all three of them, tumbling into the little yacht. It was over, they were safe. Well, okay, safer. Still, they’d made it, they’d actually made it. They’d cheated death and survived. The wargs hadn’t come back, and the Schmoo were still a good taunting distance away. In spite of himself, he began to laugh. All they had to do now was sail down the far side of the peak and they’d be home free. Easy.
The boat suddenly lurched to port. It kicked so forcefully Joe was thrown onto the floor. When he looked up, he looked straight into the fetid, grinning jaws of a warg. It had landed its two front paws on the port running rail and was now leaning heavily into the boat, forcing the starboard side into the air. Its jaws were less than a foot away from Joe’s head, its muzzle stretched back in a snarl. Joe could see the yellow fangs, the size of hippopotamus tusks, and was hit in the face by the hot, rotting meat stench of its breath.
The thing gave a howl and prepared to lunge. But that’s as far as it got. One of the Caeli’s ornate wooden oars came down hard on the side of its head, momentarily stunning it. As it lost its footing, it tumbled backwards off the boat, making the yacht rock violently as it rebalanced itself.
“Bring us about, Joe.” 
The words were lost on him. Joe stared at the warg, struggling to get back to its feet. His head had been inches away from its jaws. He’d been only a moment from –
“Joe.”
He looked up and saw the professor standing over him, the wooden oar in his hands. His voice was steady and calm. “Bring us about.”
Then Joe realised what he was talking about. The Caeli was still pointing its nose towards the peak. The wind was directly behind them, holding them steady but not moving them forward. They had to turn the boat one way or the other and square the sails up to the wind before they’d start moving again. While they were pointing towards the peak they were dead in the water, so to speak.
Joe scrambled to the stern, grabbing for the rudder. He pushed it hard to the right but, because they weren’t moving, it simply turned uselessly in the grass. 
“It won’t turn!” he yelled, desperately looking around for some way to bring the bow about. 
He was preparing to leap overboard and try to manhandle the boat around when a growl shivered its way down his spine and made him reconsider. A second later, the little yacht kicked to the side again, almost throwing him overboard, as the warg hit them broadside. But the professor was ready. Holding the oar under one arm like a rifle and bayonet, he had braced himself for the attack. This time he aimed at the monster’s chest rather than its head, attempting to cushion the force of the impact. Even so, he rocked from the collision and, for a moment, it seemed he might simply be thrown clear. He managed, incredibly, to keep his footing and, even more incredibly, to keep the warg more or less at bay.
The warg smashed its two front paws back onto the running board, throwing the starboard side into the air once more. It began snapping its jaws, trying to tear apart anything and anyone it could get its teeth into. But the force of its attack had inadvertently wrenched the little yacht free of the ground. Now, as it fought the professor and pushed against the boat, they jerked their way sideways across the rocky ground, making the warg do something resembling a kangaroo hop with its hind legs to keep up.
It had already pushed them around far enough to flutter the sails, but it wouldn’t mean a great deal if the monster stayed planted on the side of the boat. They couldn’t go anywhere while the warg was latched onto them. The professor, as valiant as his efforts were, wasn’t powerful enough to throw the monster off, and with every second that passed the Schmoo were getting closer.
Then, without warning, the warg gave a yelp of pain and stumbled backwards. Amongst the tangle of limbs, oars, sails and slathering monster, Joe couldn’t at first make out what was happening. But as the animal staggered and fell away from the side of the boat, he saw the glimmer of hope that might mean salvation for them all. Protruding from the monster was the little spear.
It was the two boys. They’d produced a miracle. 
Even with an injured leg and faced with a creature Joe was sure would come back to visit him in a nightmare or two, the boys hadn’t simply cowered in a corner. Between them, they’d attacked the warg with the spear and buried it deep in the fleshy part of its shoulder, right where it would make running nice and difficult. The force of the blow had torn the spear from the boys’ young hands. But even so, they now knelt at the front of the boat with two small knives drawn and ready. Joe was impressed.
The warg stumbled away, its jaws locked onto the spear as it tried to pull the thing from its shoulder. With their release, the Caeli once again began to glide forwards. The professor turned to Joe and, between gasps, said simply, “Let’s go.”
Joe didn’t need any encouraging. He threw the rudder to the right and brought the little yacht around, squaring it up to the wind. The sails snapped taut, heeling them over and dragging the boat forward.
Angry shouts began bouncing around the peak as the Schmoo realised what had happened. Their prize was getting away. The little yacht was skipping across the peak and the only warg close enough to have given chase was now limping its way back down the slope.
“Let me take the helm, Joe,” the professor said, his breathing still heavy, as he eased himself down at the stern.
Joe scampered forward and sat himself amidships.
“Whatever happens, keep low and keep your heads down,” the professor said. “That goes for all three of you.”
 The two boys at the front of the boat nodded in unison. Neither of them said a word.
The professor hauled on the mainsail, trimming it for speed, and let the nose dip slightly down-slope to give them a running start. The course he set followed a kind of corkscrew path around Banshee’s Peak. Once they were on the far side, they’d be able to point the nose downhill and let the little yacht run on its own. They probably wouldn’t even need a breeze, it’d just be like shrieking their way down one of those giant slides at the fair.
The problem was getting to the far side. The Schmoo’s net had been cast wide and the savages along its flank were rushing to close the gap. If the Caeli couldn’t pick up enough speed, or if they sailed a little too wide, or if the wind dropped, or if another warg happened by, or if just about anything happened then it was still going to end badly. They were walking a tightrope and to Joe it felt like someone was jumping up and down on the other end of the wire.
He glanced back at the barbarians. They were close now, very close. He caught glimpses of their faces, red with exertion and sometimes spattered with a deeper shade of crimson. As he watched, he noticed what looked like foam on their mouths. They were working themselves into a frenzy, like sharks only with axes instead of teeth.
Just one step ahead, he thought. Just one. If they stumbled…
The professor kept the sails full and leant the little yacht so hard to starboard Joe and the boys had to scurry across to port to stop it from capsizing. They shot forward with enough speed to keep themselves in front of the murderous wave closing and crashing behind them.
Joe didn’t realise they’d rounded the peak until he heard the cheer. It rose to greet them like a sunbeam through the fog. At first, with the cries of the Schmoo echoing in his ears, he couldn’t tell where it had come from. Then he looked down-slope and saw the ship below them. Its deck was crowded with people. They’d seen the Caeli emerge from the far side of the peak and now Joe could see individuals waving and shouting. The two boys began calling and waving back, but the jubilation came to an abrupt halt as the roaring wall of barbarians plunged over the hill behind them. Even in the tumult, Joe could hear the men on board begin barking orders, quick and sharp, as the deck became a hive of activity.
The professor eased the rudder to the right and loosened the mainsail as the little yacht began to ‘supa-slide’ its way down the slope. He was trying to pick up speed, trying to put as much distance between themselves and the Schmoo as possible. 
Then Joe heard the professor curse under his breath and, heart racing, he realised they weren’t going to make it. Two of the Schmoo were between the Caeli and the ship. They were probably scouts and had been lying in wait, hiding in the long grass, watching for their friends to arrive. But now they were racing towards the Caeli with animal skins flying and axes waving. All they needed to do was hold the little yacht up for a few moments and it would disappear under the avalanche of barbarians. 
Joe could see what the professor was trying to do, though. He’d thrown the boat to starboard to try to avoid the two barbarians. If they had enough speed, they might be able to dodge past and still get away. But it would be close.
And, well, it just wasn’t fair. They’d already escaped. They’d risked their lives, fought wargs and outrun the Schmoo. They couldn’t be caught now, not when they were so close. It wasn’t right. Where was the justice in that?
Still, he knew they weren’t going to make it. The little yacht didn’t have enough speed. They’d slowed down with the course correction and now the professor was fighting a losing battle, trying to keep them out of the path of the two charging savages. It had given the Schmoo the opportunity they needed. In moments it would be over. The little yacht and everyone in it would be captured, and there was nothing Joe, the two boys, or the professor could do.
It was the professor who broke the silence. “Everyone get down,” he growled.
But before Joe could move he heard what sounded like a handful of angry bees zip past. He watched as two feathered shafts sprouted from the closest of the savages, one in his shoulder and one in his thigh. For a moment the man’s expression flickered from furious determination to one of surprise, then he was lost in the grass, tumbling awkwardly as he fell.
Joe didn’t see what happened to the second barbarian because by then he was lying flat against the hull. The two boys lay beside him, the older one grinning. In a thick accent he said, “We are in range now.”
“In range of what?” Joe asked.
“Our archers.”
Then Joe heard the second volley. This time it sounded like a whole swarm. Feathered shafts whistled through the air, some so close Joe thought they might make Swiss cheese out of the sails. They sounded almost musical in their own deadly way. 
Then, like magic, or perhaps with just the right amount of luck, their path was clear. When Joe finally peeked over the side, there was no sign of the two barbarians. Behind them, the roaring, purple faced landslide was still stampeding its way down Banshee’s Peak, but the little yacht was well out in front now, and the Schmoo didn’t seem to have the same passion they’d had earlier. They were still screaming and waving their weapons, but their charge had slowed to something more akin to an ambling trot rather than a full blown gallop. Perhaps watching the Caeli streak away unhindered, not to mention the flurry of activity from the now very well prepared and very much forewarned ship, had brought most of them back to the ‘normal’ side of their frenzy. It was probably easier to keep up the whole foaming at the mouth bit when the people you were chasing weren’t looking back at you from behind a row of spear tips and arrow heads.
As the Caeli skipped past the stern of the ship, which was now being hauled along by sails that had been hoisted and were billowing in the wind, Joe realised it was a lot bigger than he’d first thought. There was rigging and ropes and sailors lined up on the spars. Some of the crew on deck carried longbows, nocked and ready, whilst others carried spears and shields, and were lined up against the ship’s rail. A handful of men crowded around the two enormous weapons mounted at the bow and the stern. They glanced at the Caeli as it slid past, but none of them moved. Their attention was focused instead on the approaching Schmoo. They looked serious.
The fracas, as it was, didn’t begin until the Caeli was safely behind the ship’s starboard side. In what Joe considered somewhat of a welcome letdown, there wasn’t much of a commotion at all. Actually, it might have been better described as a kafuffle than a commotion. There was still a lot of yelling and occasional barrages of feathered rain erupting from the ship’s deck, not to mention the shuddering of timbers as the ballistae thumped their drawstrings home. However, it seemed to be more for show than anything.
It might have been a different story if the ship hadn’t already been on the move, which is what Joe suspected the Schmoo had been hoping for. But, with both vessels already under sail, and with the ambush well and truly sprung, not to mention their intended prey looking more like an overgrown porcupine than a surprised and helpless victim, they seemed to lose interest. After all, they may have looked like something dragged out of a primordial soup, and they may have smelled like they’d been tied in a plastic bag and left to ripen in the sun for too long, but they weren’t stupid. Even when you’re in a frenzy, there’s only so much chasing and being shot at that a person can put up with before giving the whole thing up as a bad idea. In the end, most of the ferocious looking savages simply stood amidst the grass of the plains and watched the ship and the smaller yacht glide away. Which, from Joe’s point of view, was just fine.

*

It wasn’t until Banshee’s Peak was receding into the distance that both vessels eventually stopped to exchange pleasantries. With the Caeli being smaller and swifter than the larger ship, it had taken the lead, skipping ahead like a dolphin on a bow wave.
Before they stopped, the professor sailed in close enough for a hurried conversation between himself and a man who looked like the ship’s captain. Oddly enough, the conversation was in a completely foreign language. Joe couldn’t understand a single word but it sounded a lot like one of those late night movies, only without the subtitles. There were a lot of R’s rolling around in it.
Once the all clear was given, both the Caeli and the ship stowed their sails and slid effortlessly to rest.
The ship’s captain and two sailors disembarked, climbing down a rope ladder that had been thrown over the side. They strode through the grass towards the little yacht. Joe and the professor helped the injured boy, whose name was Frederick, and the younger boy, Angelo, as all four of them climbed out and began to make their way towards the ship.
The meeting was something akin to the sun coming out after a storm. A big storm. There were a lot of smiles. 
Although they didn’t show any overt public displays of affection, the sailors both gave the boys a reassuring hug as they stepped forward to take over from Joe and the professor as stretcher bearers.
The men had a distinctly Mediterranean look. Actually most of the people on the ship were Mediterranean looking, including Frederick and Angelo. The women were beautiful, with long, black hair and olive-tanned skin. The men had handsome, chiselled features, their jaws mostly adorned with closely trimmed beards and fine moustaches.
The ship’s captain stepped forward and, shaking both their hands with a hearty grip, said, “Welcome, my friends. My name is Captain Manolo Montoya, and this is my ship, the El Viento Fuerte.”
The professor bowed his head. “Buenos tardas, Capitán. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. My name is Professor Horatio Pendlebury, and this is my…” he glanced at Joe, “err…first-mate, Joseph.”
“Please, the pleasure is ours,” Captain Montoya beamed. “Your timing could not have been more fortuitous.”
“We did notice you seemed to be in a spot of bother.”
“It is the curse of the open plains I am afraid, Professor. As you would know.”
“Frightful,” the professor agreed.
“But, because of your courage, our two young scouts have returned to us. How can we ever repay you?”
The professor shook his head. “There is nothing to repay, Captain Montoya. I’m sure you and your crew would have done the same, had the circumstances been reversed.”
“Please, Professor, you have saved the lives of our two boys. You must both come aboard and allow us to welcome you as our honoured guests.” His smile glittered with a hint of gold.
The professor shot a grin at Joe. “Of course, kind sir. We would be delighted to accept your generous hospitality.”
“Excellent! Tonight we will drink and dance in celebration!”
While the sailors gingerly manhandled Frederick back onto the ship, the professor and Joe walked the Caeli to the stern of the larger vessel. 
“Well, my boy, looks like we’ve managed to find ourselves a ride. What do you think about that, eh?”
“Who are they?”
“Travellers, like ourselves. Well, not exactly like ourselves, but near enough,” the professor replied. 
He fastened the painter (the little rope attached to the front of the yacht) to a rope that the sailors had lowered from the poop deck (a part of the ship that made Joe snigger whenever he heard it). When they got underway, the Caeli would glide smoothly along behind the ship just like a dinghy.
“They look a little…err…unusual, don’t they? One of those sailors was wearing an earring,” Joe said.
“Yes, I noticed. Very nautical.”
“And they were carrying swords.”
“Standard issue, my boy. A good sailor never leaves home without his cutlass.”
Joe sighed. It was always hard getting a straight answer from the professor. “It’s just that they seem a little…outside of the law, if you know what I mean.”
“I’m not sure I’m following you.”
“I mean, do you think they might be…you know?” Joe whispered with a hint of mystery. “They might be pirates?”
The professor raised an eyebrow. “Pirates?”
Joe nodded.
“You think they should be flying the skull and crossbones, and perhaps Captain Montoya should have a parrot-type shoulder ornament?”
Joe shrugged. It seemed reasonable to him.
“Well, I’m sorry to have to shatter any hopes you may have had of sojourning with pirates, Joe, but our friends here are just simple merchants. Not overly exciting, I know, but at least we won’t be made to walk the plank.”
Joe looked up at the ship again. It looked a little like a pirate ship. 
The professor gave him a reassuring wink. “Come on, before they leave without us.”
The sailors on board had begun setting the sails once more and the ship was already moving at a steady walking pace. When they reached the rope ladder, the professor did a hop, step and jump to get a proper foothold. Hanging from the side of the wooden wall, he turned back to Joe. “Merchants, Joe. Merchants. It’s probably better if we don’t mention the ‘P’ word while we’re with them.”
Joe frowned as he did his own two-step shuffle, trying to climb aboard, and was about to ask why but instead was grasped from above by strong hands and lifted onto the ship’s deck. For a moment he was lost in a sea of bright eyes and wide smiles. It seemed the whole ship wanted to thank him. The men crowded around, heartily shaking his hand and slapping his shoulders. They in turn were replaced by the brightly clothed women who, in a cascade of exotic words, cupped his face in their hands and kissed him on each cheek, then left him swimming in clouds of perfume.
Through the throng, he managed to spot the professor standing on the quarterdeck. Although he was similarly swamped with well-wishers, and seemingly basking in the attention, he had also found Captain Montoya once more. Joe managed rather tactfully to nod, smile and ‘Don’t mention it’ his way through the crowd towards the pair. 
“Welcome to our ship, Joseph,” Captain Montoya beamed as Joe climbed the stairs to the quarterdeck. “How do you like it, eh?”
“Very nice, thank you.”
“Captain Montoya has kindly offered to take us as far as the edge of the plains,” the professor said. “Looks like we’ll be bunking with them tonight.”
“And I do not suppose you have already forgotten about the feast?” Captain Montoya added.
“Never on an empty stomach, my dear Captain.”
The captain roared with laughter and slapped the professor on the back so hard the lanky, tweed wearing man had to take a step to steady himself. 
“Wine, women and song, my friend! We shall dance and sing our way into the night.” Then, with a guilty glance at Joe, added, “And…err…a good night’s sleep for all, eh?”
Joe smiled in spite of himself. He could have been a pirate captain. All he needed was an eye-patch and perhaps a few less teeth. 
“Make yourselves at home, my friends. After all, my house is your house. I will have the girls begin the preparations and, if luck continues to favour us, the boys will be able to find their instruments. It has been some time since we had cause for a celebration.”
Joe looked out across the stern of the ship. In the distance, Banshee’s Peak had almost disappeared over the horizon. The afternoon sun was low in the sky, throwing beams between the clouds to dapple the gently swaying grassy ocean. He could hear the creak and groan of the timbers beneath him, and the voices and laughter of the people on board. And even though he had come closer to becoming a warg snack than he cared to think about, he was beginning to be glad again that he hadn’t gone back to bed. 
After a brief search, he eventually found Frederick and Angelo below deck in their cabin. Frederick was lying on a bunk bed having his leg bandaged by a woman. Angelo was sitting on the end of his brother’s bed, watching. 
When Joe timidly knocked on the open door to announce his presence, a smile leapt onto the faces of both boys. Frederick looked set to climb off the bunk to greet him, but was stopped by a restraining hand from the woman. She said something in their rich, colourful language that Joe didn’t understand.
“But, Mamá,” Frederick pleaded. “It’s Joe. He saved Angelo and me.”
The woman turned a stern but warm smile on him. “Well I am sure he will agree you need your rest. Of course, he can rest here with you if he likes.” She said the last with a nod towards Joe.
“Thank you,” he replied modestly as he crossed over to stand beside the bunk. “I’d like that.” 
The two boys grinned at him and he grinned back, but none of them spoke. They didn’t want to say anything that might get them into trouble.
The boy’s mother finished the last round of bandages and fastened them with a pin. “Now, stay here and don’t move. Give the ointment some time to do its work. You can come up on deck afterwards, but no jumping around, okay? And NO DANCING!”
“Yes, Mamá,” Frederick replied meekly.
“That leg won’t heal itself,” she admonished. “Especially if you keep hopping around like a rabbit.” She looked at Joe and Angelo, who were both now sitting on the end of Frederick’s bed. “And you two make sure he stays put, okay?”
Joe and Angelo both nodded in unison.
She watched Joe for a little while and, at least for a moment, the frown of disapproval melted away into something half way between gratitude and relief. Joe imagined it was the sort of look that might be left after a bruising descent from a mountain of worry.
“Thank you, Joe,” she said in a much softer voice. “They give me nothing but grief, but I don’t know what I would do without them.”
“Oh, Mamá – ” Frederick began but was cut short.
“You!” she said, rounding on him. “Last week you got caught up in the anchor chain. The week before that Angelo got his hand stuck in the deck winch. Now it’s being eaten by wargs. What is it going to be next week – jumping into a volcano?”
“We’re sorry, Mamá,” the two boys chorused. “We don’t mean to get into trouble,” Frederick added.
Their mother sighed. “I know.” She hugged the two of them into an embrace. “I just worry about you, that’s all.”
“We promise not to jump into any volcanoes,” Angelo mumbled, his voice muffled in his mother’s dress.
She laughed. It was quick and musical, and reminded Joe of his own mother’s laughter. 
“I don’t believe you,” she said as she released her grip. “I think a volcano would be far too much temptation for you two. But what can I do?” She shrugged. “Perhaps Joe can talk some sense into you, huh?”
“Um…” Joe stammered, “I can try.”
“Thank you, Joe.” Her smile was infectious. “But for now I have work to do. You three can come above when dinner is prepared, okay?”
“Yes, Mamá.” It was in stereo.
“Err…yes, ma’am,” Joe added.
“Remember,” she said with a final, stern look from the doorway, “no jumping around!” Then, to the accompaniment of receding footsteps, she was gone and the boys were alone.
“So,” Joe was first to break the silence, “how is your leg?”
“Ah, it’s not as bad as Mamá says,” replied Frederick. “The Captain said I was lucky, it could have been worse.”
“It’s not broken?”
“No, just a little cut. Maybe some bruises. Nothing too serious. But it will be a while before I can climb into the rigging again.”
“He’s going to have a scar!” Angelo’s voice was full of envy.
“Yeah…” Joe thought about wargs, “…lucky.”
“What about you, Joe?” asked Frederick. “And your professor? Are you both well?”
Joe nodded. “Yeah, we’re fine.”
“And your beautiful boat? It wasn’t damaged I hope.”
“It’s got a few scratches, but it’s still in one piece.”
Frederick nodded. “That’s good.”
“And it looks like we’ll be spending some time with you.”
“Really?” piped Angelo excitedly. “How long will you stay?”
“Until tomorrow morning. We’re hitching a ride to the edge of the plains, apparently.”
“The edge of the plains? So you won’t be coming with us to Kingsclere?” Frederick asked.
“Um…I guess not.”
“Where are you going?”
“Well, to tell you the truth, I’m not exactly sure. The Captain hasn’t actually told me yet.”
Both Frederick and Angelo nodded agreeably. Apparently sailing to unknown destinations wasn’t unusual to them.
“Err…Kingsclere?” Joe asked. “Is that where you’re heading now?”
The boys both nodded. “We’re taking our spices down to the markets there,” said Frederick. “The last time we were there, we visited a carnival and Angelo and I got to ride a Pegasus. Ever since then, Angelo’s been bursting to go back.”
Joe had read about the Pegasus in a book on Greek mythology, or perhaps it was Roman mythology – he could never remember which was which. The Pegasus was supposedly a brilliant white stallion with wings. But, of course, it was just a myth.
“You mean a horse with wings?”
“Yes. Have you ever ridden one?”
“Ah…actually no.” Unless he counted a wooden one on a merry-go-round.
“It’s amazing!” said Angelo. “It flew us around the whole town. We could see for miles! I wish I could fly like a Pegasus.” He leapt off the bed and did circles of the cabin, flapping his arms. Both Joe and Frederick watched him and grinned.
“That’s what we needed when we were stuck on top of Banshee’s Peak, Angelo. A Pegasus to come along and fly us back to safety.” Frederick smiled, but then more sombrely said to Joe, “That is, if you hadn’t come along.”
Joe frowned. There was something he’d been meaning to ask. “Why were you on Banshee’s Peak, Frederick?”
“I am a Lookout.” Which, to Frederick, was apparently enough of an explanation.
“But you could’ve been killed.”
“That is true. But if I didn’t go the whole ship would have been in danger. It is the Lookout’s duty. It was just unfortunate we were surprised.”
“Someone else could have gone.”
Frederick raised his eyebrows in surprise. “And what if they had been killed instead of me?”
Joe didn’t say anything and, when he thought about it, felt a little ashamed for the suggestion.
“No, Joe. That is not something I would want to happen. Better to be killed myself than to send someone else to die for me.”
“But it wasn’t just you, was it?” Joe asked solemnly. They both looked at Angelo, still doing circles of the cabin with arms flapping happily in an Angelo shaped world of his own.
“Angelo wasn’t supposed to come,” said Frederick. “He is sometimes a little too eager to prove how brave he is.”
Joe nodded. Although he’d never felt any particular need himself, he figured perhaps it was something most children went through. He guessed it was a little different on the Plains of Wallagaraugh though, where trying to prove your bravery could end up getting you eaten.
Angelo’s Pegasus circles began to slow as he got a little dizzy. Finally he came to stand, winded, in front of Frederick and Joe. 
“Where are you from?” he asked. 
Although it was a straightforward enough question, it took Joe a bit by surprise. After all, how do you tell someone who lives on a floating ship, sailing on an ocean of grass in a world with magic and monsters and who knew what else, that you’re from a plain old, ordinary boarding school? They probably wouldn’t even know what a boarding school was. In the end, he decided to keep it simple.
“St. George’s Boarding School for Boys,” he said.
“Where’s that?”
“A long way away.” It was about as good an explanation as any.
Angelo looked impressed. Although, admittedly, he didn’t seem all that difficult to impress. “I’ve never seen anyone dressed like you before.”
Joe had to concede, even on the El Viento Fuerte, his dressing gown and pyjamas did look a little out of place.
“Are they magical?” asked Angelo excitedly.
“Angelo!” Frederick gave his brother a rather severe frowning.
Joe, however, was mostly just confused. “I’m sorry, is what magical?”
Frederick sighed. “Angelo thinks anything out of the ordinary has to be magical. Especially since we have been to trade with the elves.” Which didn’t help Joe’s confusion but the mention of elves swung his attention in a whole new direction. “Your clothes,” Frederick continued. “He thinks they might be magical.”
Joe nodded his head absentmindedly, then shook it and said, “Ah no, no, sorry they’re not magical, just good at keeping out the cold…err…what elves?”
“The Astorian Elves.”
“Right.” And although he knew it was the wrong question to ask, Joe couldn’t stop himself. “Are they…you know…are they real elves?”
“Yes,” replied Frederick, puzzled. “Why would they not be real?”
Joe shrugged. “So they’re not from the North Pole?”
“No.” Fredrick’s expression hadn’t lost any of its puzzlement. “They are from the giant fern forests of Astoria, along the edge of the Great Wilderness.”
“Where is the North Pole?” asked Angelo. Another tricky question. 
“Ah…well, where I’m from, it’s near the top of the world.”
“Oh,” said Angelo, looking a little perplexed.
“So, what exactly were you trading with the elves?”
“Spices mostly. They grow them in the forest. Some of them you can’t find anywhere else. We’ve been trading with them for the past few weeks.”
Joe had noticed the fragrant aromas as soon as he’d gone below deck. He’d initially thought it was perhaps just an overzealous use of perfume.
“Do you mean on top of a mountain?” asked Angelo.
“Sorry?”
“The top of the world. Is it at the top of a mountain?”
“No, it’s in the Arctic. Up with the polar bears and Eskimos.” And if they hadn’t heard of the North Pole, thought Joe, this was going to get really confusing. “And the bottom is down in the Antarctic, with the penguins.”
“Oh.” Angelo was struggling.
“So, what’s the connection with elves and magic?”
“Well, they do make magic things,” Frederick replied.
“Really? What sort of things?”
“All sorts of things, really. Amulets, broaches, rings… things like that. They’re very beautiful. The elves are quite good at it.”
“I once saw an elf who was wearing a pair of magic boots,” said Angelo. “When he wore them you couldn’t hear him move. Not a sound. Even if he ran up behind you.”
“We don’t usually trade in any of it,” confided Frederick. “Their prices are too high. So we just trade in the spice.”
A bunch of elves, thought Joe, running around in a forest somewhere making the magical equivalent of a pair of runners. If he wasn’t actually there, he wouldn’t have believed it. But then again, who would make something like that up? No one would believe it.
“Is that where you’re from?” Joe asked, although he suspected he already knew the answer. “From the Astorian Forests?”
 “No.” Frederick smiled. “We’re not elves.”
“So…um…where are you from?”
“Well, we’re from everywhere really. Our only home is the Viento,” he rapped his knuckles against one of the wooden beams, “and we take her with us.”
“Just like a snail,” said Angelo.
“We travel everywhere. Wherever there is trade. We’ve been all the way up to Lightning Edge to trade ore with the storm giants, and down to the dwarven smiths in Dun-Thorin. Once we even went as far east as Seahome to trade with the ocean goers.”
“Pirates!” whispered Angelo conspiratorially.
“Angelo, they’re not pirates.”
“That’s what Uncle Ferdinand said.”
“That’s because he was drunk.”
Evidently Joe wasn’t the only one with an active imagination when it came to the subject of pirates. He decided not to mention his earlier suspicions. Instead he asked, “Have you ever seen the Forests of Tonnerre?”
“Only once,” replied Frederick. “Although it was a long time ago. Angelo was too young to remember.”
“Is it true they float in the air? They never touch the ground?”
Both boys nodded. “They drift in the storm clouds up over the Four Old Men and the Serpent’s Spine,” said Frederick. “Mostly anyway. Sometimes they come further south, like the one we saw, but not very often.”
Joe smiled. “That’s kind of what I’d heard.”
“The Whistledown live up there too, up in the forests with their eagles. They hardly ever come down, except to trade their wood. They even have a name for it up there, they call it the Dark Blue World.” Frederick shrugged. “At least that’s what Captain Montoya says.”
So the professor hadn’t been exaggerating after all. Not that Joe had any doubts, given recent events. After all, there were only so many floating boats and hairy monsters he could ignore before he had to concede that perhaps there was an element of truth to the professor’s stories.
The boys continued to talk, punctuated here and there by the creak and groan of the timbers, and soon the afternoon drifted into the evening. The two boys told Joe of magic javelins that turn to lightning when thrown, herds of ghost cattle that sometimes roamed the plains, and an ancient city that was built completely underground. Joe told them about digital watches, school buses, and the taste of chocolate ice cream after a day at the beach. And he was amazed with the fascination the boys had for something as simple as a zipper.
After a time they felt the ship change course and begin to slow. Frederick said, “That’ll be Morgain’s Watch. It’s not as tall as Banshee’s Peak, but it’s important if we want to keep travelling tonight.”
“Will one of the other boys go?” Joe asked.
Frederick nodded. All three of them looked at his bandaged leg.
Within a few minutes they felt the ship change course again and begin to pick up speed once more. There was a quick knock at the door and one of the older boys poked his head inside. “We’re all clear at the Watch, Fred. Thought you might like to know. Looks like you two got all the excitement for today.”
“Thanks, Nicolas.”
“The Captain said you should come up on deck soon. Dinner’s almost ready.”
“Okay.”
With some help from Joe and Angelo, Frederick managed to hop across the floor and the three boys trooped upstairs. As they emerged, Joe was surprised to find the deck had undergone a transformation. Light from candle lanterns, strung overhead, bathed the deck in a warm glow. The wind had dropped to a gentle breeze, just enough to flutter the sails and keep the lanterns dancing. 
Two long tables, complete with chairs and table cloths, had been positioned along the length of the ship. On the tables was a banquet, simple but generous. Wooden bowls, filled with food, lined the middle of each table. Women bustled about, preparing the feast. Men helped by carrying plates and jugs of water, and doing pretty much anything the women told them to do.
Joe and the boys were eventually herded into seats beside Captain Montoya and the professor. Captain Montoya insisted on giving them a place of honour, and kept referring to them as ‘the little heroes’, although Joe didn’t really think the title fitted…not for himself anyway.
Once everyone was seated, people helped themselves with smiling eyes and quick, easy laughter. How different it was to mealtime at St. George’s, he thought, usually eaten in the solemn silence of the dining hall. For part of the evening, one of the sailors roamed the deck armed with a violin. The music drifted above them, occasionally swooping in and swirling like a mist. It was hauntingly beautiful.
At one point Joe ended up with a dish of what looked like seasoned prawns in a bowl of olive oil. Frederick and Angelo called them ‘gambas’. If they were prawns, Joe could only guess at where they’d come from. He hadn’t seen any large bodies of seawater close by. Nonetheless, they tasted delicious.
Then there was the wine. The strange, dark, captivating wine. Joe had once secretly shared a few sips of wine from a half filled coffee mug with Pete Brighton. Pete had managed to sneak the foul tasting stuff from the leftovers of his parent’s anniversary party. Technically it was merlot, but it smelt, tasted, and presumably cleaned whiteboards, just like methylated spirits. Joe remembered at the time wondering why anyone would want to drink something that would probably have done a wonderful job as fuel for a camp stove.
The wine on board the El Viento Fuerte, however, was very different. The boys had each been poured a celebratory measure, and the liquid Joe swirled around inside his glass certainly didn’t conjure images of Pete’s parents’ anniversary party. It was opaque and secretive. Shadows danced within its depths, revealing occasional flashes of crimson as it caught and trapped the lantern light. He imagined it may have come from the veins of some sinister beast. Or perhaps, and this was stretching things a bit, it was a mirror of his own soul. Yeah, he liked the sound of that – dark and mysterious. It was too bad, he thought, that his soul was about as dark and mysterious as a weak cup of tea.
Spices – that’s what it tasted like. Exotic spices. Just like the rest of the ship, with perhaps a hint of something else. Maybe something a little ominous. It sauntered its way around his mouth and left a shivering trail down his throat that made his eyes water. Even after just a few sips, Joe felt a nice sort of general calmness flow through him like warm honey, making his fingers and toes tingle.
And then there was the dancing. Or perhaps ‘dancing’ wasn’t the right word. It wasn’t anything like the stilted and haphazard excuse for stepping on toes that his mother had tried to teach to him each time he’d been dragged along to a wedding. There were drums and tambourines and guitars – lots of guitars, some with twelve strings instead of the usual six. The music had a life of its own as it salsa’ed through the night air. It lifted the dancers out of their chairs and spun them onto the dance floor, dipping and flowing with the rhythm. Even Joe found himself tapping his foot to the tune. Before he knew it, the ship’s deck was filled with the flashing colour of twirling skirts. Men stomped their feet and clapped their hands in the air. Women twirled around them with eyes and smiles flashing. Every spare space on the deck was filled with laughing, dancing people.
Joe noticed the professor as he spun through the maelstrom of colour and laughter. He was at least a head taller than most of the dancers but surprisingly he seemed less out of place than Joe would have imagined. He swayed and spun with an unexpected ease which belied the usual gracelessness of the gangly, awkward man. It made Joe suspect that perhaps, unlike himself, this wasn’t the first time the professor had tangoed his way across a dance floor.
Before long Joe was dragged into the revelry as well. Gentle hands guided him as he tried his best to swivel and twist, and basically move as effortlessly and gracefully as everyone else seemed to. It had looked quite easy from the sidelines, everyone made it look almost natural. For Joe, however, lost in the blur of colour and music, it was anything but natural. Amongst the throng of spinning beautiful people, with their fluid supple movements, he felt clumsy and inept. But he tried all the same, encouraged by the other dancers with smiles and cheers. He jumped and hopped and, on more than one occasion, fell over.
In the end he, Angelo and Frederick retreated to the relative safety of the adult-free forecastle. Warmed by the gentle evening breeze, they lay on their backs and watched the stars glitter overhead. The last thing Joe remembered before drifting off to sleep was trying to identify even one familiar constellation, and wondering how life at St. George’s would ever seem normal again.

Chapter 5

Little Boulder Creek

It was still dark when Joe was gently shaken awake. It wasn’t until he pulled the blanket tighter around himself and tried to slip back into that soft, warm place he’d been in a moment earlier, that he was roughly shaken awake. When he finally cracked his eyes open, he found the professor standing over him holding a lantern.
“Up you get, Joe. It’s almost time.”
“Time for wha..?” Joe croaked.
“For us to be on our way.”
Joe tried to sit up but found the world began to sway rather alarmingly with the effort. Looking down, he realised he was in a hammock. Someone must have carried him down into the boys’ quarters after he’d fallen asleep on deck. Glancing across the room he noticed Frederick and Angelo rousing from their own hammocks. Both of them were drowsily rubbing the sleep from their eyes.
“We’re not going any further?”
“Not with our new friends, unfortunately. We’re already at the edge of the plains. This is our stop.”
“I was kind of hoping we’d go to Kingsclere with them.”
The professor turned to Frederick and Angelo. “Have you two been telling him stories?”
The two boys looked a little sheepish.
“Do they still have the carnival there?”
They both nodded.
“And the Pegasus?”
More nods.
The professor grinned. “That was a lot of fun. But I’m afraid Kingsclere isn’t on our list of designated destinations. At least not for this trip.”
He hung the lamp from a hook in the ceiling, letting the light illuminate the room with its warmth. “Come up on deck when you’re dressed, Joe, and we’ll get underway.” With those words he turned and disappeared up the stairs.
“I’m sorry Joe, I hoped you might come with us,” said Frederick.
“Yeah, me too.”
The three of them finished dressing in silence before slouching up the stairs after the professor.
Outside, the sun was still only a vague tangerine smudge along the eastern skyline. Above them, the sky sparkled here and there with stars that hadn’t yet surrendered to the dawn.
In the dim light Joe could make out the silhouette of a mountain range, skirted by rolling foothills, rising out of the plains to the north. After the seemingly unending flatness of the plains, their sudden appearance was, to put it bluntly, somewhat surprising.
A few people had gathered on deck to see them off. Captain Montoya was there, along with the boys’ mother and a few of the men and women of the crew. Two of the sailors had untied the Caeli and brought it alongside the El Viento Fuerte, ready to set sail.
Joe, Frederick and Angelo made their way into the little assembly. Captain Montoya’s face lit up as soon as he saw the three of them.
“Boys! At last you join us. And before the rooster also! Will wonders never cease?”
“Good morning, Captain Montoya.” Joe smiled. 
The professor, who’d been moving through the group and stopping to speak to each in turn, shaking hands, nodding and smiling, came to stand beside Joe. “Captain Montoya, how can we ever repay your kindness and hospitality?”
“Please, Professor,” he lay his olive skinned and weather beaten hand on the professor’s shoulder, “with your permission, we would very much like to present your young companion with a gift.”
Joe looked up in surprise. “What?”
Captain Montoya stepped forward and knelt down on one knee in front of Joe. “Joseph, from what your Professor has told me, it is you who we should thank. It was your courage and valour that has saved us all.”
Joe felt his cheeks begin to burn. He looked up at the professor who simply gave him a wink and a smile.
“I can’t see any harm in a small gift, Captain Montoya,” the professor replied.
“Very well – Angelo, would you please fetch me Joseph’s gift?”
“Now, Captain?” Angelo’s voice was even more excited than usual.
Captain Montoya nodded and, with a furtive smile back at Joe, Anglo disappeared below deck once more.
“But…I mean…well, I don’t deserve anything.” Joe was a little shocked at the mere thought. “I didn’t do anything.”
“Oh, I don’t know about that, Joe,” said the professor. “After all, if you hadn’t helped Frederick and Angelo down from the peak, then perhaps none of us would be standing here now.”
“Yeah, but…well…” How could he tell them that the only reason he’d helped to save the boys’ lives was because he was trying to save his own? It didn’t mean he’d do it again.
In a quieter voice, the professor said, “Courage finds us, Joe. Remember?”
Joe frowned. “But…”
“You didn’t have to help them. You could have sat in the yacht with me. But you didn’t. You put yourself in harm’s way to help save Frederick and Angelo. That, my boy, is courage.”
“But I was scared!” Joe whispered.
The professor’s grin widened. “It’s a little different to what you see in the movies, isn’t it?”
With the clatter of clumsy footsteps on wooden stairs, Angelo climbed back onto the deck. In his hands he carried a longish ‘something’ wrapped in fur. He trotted happily over to Captain Montoya and handed the bundle to him. Captain Montoya turned back to Joe, carefully unwrapping the package as he did so. It was all a little too formal for Joe’s liking.
“Joseph, for helping to bring our boys safely back to us, we would like you to have this gift.” He rested the object on his open palms and held it out to Joe.
It was a sword.
Well, okay, perhaps if it had been a little longer it would have been a sword. As it was, the thing was probably short enough to be called a knife. But it was beautiful. The hilt was bound in soft, white leather. The crossguard looked to be made of gold, and the pommel, in the shape of a star, made of silver.
The blade glinted occasionally with sudden, unexpected flickers of light. Down its length were etched what looked like runes, with looping swirls and interweaving bits. They looked quite fancy, but it wasn’t hard to tell they weren’t there just for their charm. A blue glow played across their surface. This was no ordinary sword, even Joe could see that.
Frederick leaned forward and whispered, “I wasn’t entirely truthful with you earlier, Joe. We do trade in some elven magic.”
“But generally,” Captain Montoya interrupted, “I find it pays not to advertise our…err…more interesting cargo. Best to keep our little secrets to ourselves, eh?” He gave Joe an exaggerated wink. “However, in your case, Joseph, we are willing to make an exception. Go ahead.” He turned the hilt towards Joe and presented it to him.
Joe carefully took the sword and held it lightly in his hand. It was cool to the touch but, in his small grip, the hilt was soft and comfortable. The blade’s length and balance were suited almost perfectly to his own short stature.
“The name is Lumière dans l'Obscurité,” said the Captain, “but ‘Lumiera’ for short.”
“What does it mean?” asked Joe. 
“A Light in the Darkness,” replied the professor before Captain Montoya could speak. The little group all turned to look at him in surprise. He shrugged.
“Yes, indeed, you are correct, Professor.” Captain Montoya eyed the professor with respect. “A Light in the Darkness. I think it is very well named, would you not agree?”
The professor nodded. “Poetic.”
“Its light has protected us in the darkness,” Captain Montoya said, turning back to Joe. “Now it will protect you, Joseph, on your own journey. I only pray you will find little cause to require it.”
“The elves say it will strike fear into the hearts of the corrupt,” said Frederick, “but it will never harm one who is true of spirit.”
Joe looked up at Captain Montoya. “Is that true?”
“But of course! All elven legends are true.” His grin flashed with gold and deviousness. “They may be embellished from time to time, but that is only natural.”
Joe looked back at Lumiera. It really was beautiful. Just holding it seemed to fill him with a sense of excitement. He could feel it washing away the early morning fog clouding his mind. 
“I’m sorry,” he said, shaking his head and proffering the little sword back to Captain Montoya, “but I…I can’t accept this.”
“You cannot?” the Captain asked, but made no move to take the sword from Joe.
“I don’t deserve it. If it should go to anyone, it should go to Frederick and Angelo. They’re the real heroes.” After all, he thought, he certainly wouldn’t have climbed up onto the peak, even if he was a Lookout. 
Captain Montoya smiled his huge, good natured smile. “That is precisely why you do deserve this gift, Joseph.”
Then Frederick stepped forward. He whispered into Joe’s ear, close enough that no one else would hear. “I know you doubt yourself Joe. I can see it in you like a cloud in front of the sun. But I can see courage also, even though you cannot see it yourself. Please take Lumiera. If nothing more, it will remind you of us, and that Angelo and I are thinking of you.”
They stood there for a time, in semi-awkward silence. It was something very adult for a boy as young as Frederick to have said. And although Joe didn’t necessarily agree with the ‘courage’ bit, it did make a certain kind of sense.
Finally he bowed his head and said softly, “Okay…”
Frederick smiled. “Now even the wargs won’t dare come near you.”
“Thank you, Frederick,” Joe said, “…for everything.”
Frederick was silent but gave Joe a solemn nod.
With sudden inspiration, Joe said, “Wait a minute, I have something for you too.” He reached behind his neck and unfastened the SOS pendant he had worn since he was old enough to wheeze his way through his first gym class. He held it in his hand and looked at the hardy metal locket, its sturdy dependable chain.
“What is that?” asked Frederick.
“This,” replied Joe, fastening the chain about Frederick’s neck, “is my SOS pendant.” With a note of irony he added, “It should help if you ever suffer from an asthma attack.”
Frederick eyed the pendant in obvious wonder. “Thank you Joe, I shall treasure it.” He thumbed the black etched letters, ‘SOS’, on its chrome surface. “Err…what is an asthma? Is it like a goblin?”
“Not quite,” replied Joe. “It’s invisible, and it can make you feel like you’re being squeezed by a giant. But you don’t have anything to worry about as long as you have your SOS pendant on.” Lord, how often had he heard that himself?
The real kicker was, in this place it may actually be true. Who knew what sort of invisible horrors an SOS pendant might protect Frederick from?
“Thank you, Joe,” said Frederick with unmistakeable awe. “I shall treasure it.”
“Well, it doesn’t come close to a magic sword, but at least it’ll remind you of me as well.”
“It will…always.”
They were both silent for a moment until the professor stepped forward and said, “Come on, Joe. We’d better get moving.”
“Okay, Captain.”
With nothing more elaborate than another few firm handshakes and some bone jarring back slaps, the pair climbed over the side-rail and were back aboard the Caeli once more. 
When he looked back Joe saw the deck of the El Viento Fuerte was lined with people from bow to stern. They were illuminated as much by the brightening glow on the horizon as they were by the dancing light of the lanterns. He noticed Frederick and Angelo standing in front of Captain Montoya, the big man’s arms around the boys’ shoulders. They looked downhearted, it’s never easy parting ways with a new friend. Joe wanted to tell them not to worry, that they’d be sure to keep in touch – but how do you keep in touch with someone sailing across the Plains of Wallagaraugh? In the end, he simply yelled, “Goodbye! Thank you!” and waved. Everyone waved back.
Then their sails caught the morning breeze and Joe and the professor were away.

*

They headed into the foothills. The place was awash with summer flowers, seas of yellow daisies and oceans of white clover, all mixed in with the deep green of the grass. The light crept into the world, stealing across the hills and into the shadowy corners, bringing the colours to glorious life.
The foothills themselves were only quite small, at least to begin with. The Caeli managed to skip across them without a problem. Each time they crested a rise Joe looked behind, watching for a glimpse of the El Viento Fuerte. He spotted it only once, shining like a diamond as it drifted on its way.
Slowly the little foothills began to turn into bigger foothills, and then into wide, gently sloping valleys, threaded here and there by streams. It was like some of the prettier countries in Europe, the ones where people still use horses instead of tractors. 
And the mountains didn’t appear to get closer but instead appeared to gradually get bigger, in the way mountains do. Their snow-capped peaks burned in the morning light as wedding veils of mist streamed away from the summits.
The little yacht began to pass clusters of fir and pine trees, islands of forest amongst the grass. There were even occasional herds of cattle, scattering themselves across the hills. They lazily chewed their cud and turned unhurried eyes towards Joe and the professor, but they never really seemed all that interested.
It wasn’t until the sun had climbed clear of the horizon that they began to see the first people. Stockmen mostly, tending to the herds. As they sailed past, Joe couldn’t stop himself from giving them a friendly wave. They politely waved back, with an occasional call of, “Morning.”
Then, quite suddenly, the Caeli wasn’t the only boat plying the green ocean anymore. They began to pass other boats, all heading down towards the plains. Two at first, both small like the Caeli. Then larger vessels, looking like merchant ships, although none quite as big as the El Viento Fuerte. All of them gliding effortlessly down the valleys.
“There seems to be a few people out and about,” remarked Joe.
“Local traffic, my boy. It’s the morning peak hour.”
“Where are they coming from?”
“The same place we’re bound for. And if we’re in luck there’ll be breakfast waiting for us when we get there.”
Joe frowned. “Where’s that?”
“The sweetest little paradise you ever saw.”
“Okay. I assume we’re not talking about a South Pacific island, right?”
“Not quite. It’s a town by the name of Little Boulder Creek.”
“Really? A town?” He probably shouldn’t have been that surprised, but a town was still pretty interesting.
“That’s right.” The professor eased the rudder to the right, bringing the little yacht about to reverse tack.
“What’s it like?”
“Well, if you wait until we’re around this next stand of conifers, you should be able to see for yourself.”
Within moments the Caeli had climbed past the island of trees and crested the final rise. Before them, still draped with morning mist, was Little Boulder Creek. It was almost exactly as Joe had imagined – a sleepy little village nestled amongst the slopes of the valley. Little wooden cottages lined up beside one another, framed against the rolling hills with trails of chimney smoke rising into the air. It could have easily been a quiet little hamlet somewhere in the English countryside.
“Little Boulder Creek?” he asked. “Why did they call it that?”
“Probably because the explorer who found the place didn’t have much imagination.” The professor smirked. “We’re probably lucky it’s not called ‘Kettle’ or ‘Pot’. But fortunately for us, my boy, Little Boulder Creek does in fact have a creek. And it’s full of rocks.”
“It looks very pretty.”
“It is a jewel, Joe, that has grown fonder in my heart the longer I have been away.”
“So, what are we doing here?”
“Business, I’m afraid. But, more importantly, Trotter’s End does the best bacon and egg breakfast you’re ever going to taste, even if the chef is a little ill-tempered at times.”
“Business?”
The professor remained silent.
“You’re a school teacher.”
“You make it sound so glamorous.”
“So, what sort of ‘business’…?”
“Well, unfortunately we can’t sail to where we’re going. So I need to see about some some alternate transportation.”
They sailed gently down into the valley. Other ships were there in a multitude of shapes and sizes, moored to rows of large wooden posts that had been driven into the ground. They looked mostly like merchant ships, with wide hulls and enormous masts, resembling huge wooden baskets with sails.
The professor guided the Caeli into a berth between a large freighter that looked and smelled like it’d been used for carrying livestock, and a smaller yacht that had probably once been painted jet black but had long ago faded to a washed out grey, with the rather optimistic name of ‘Obsidian’.
“I guess this place is pretty popular then?” Joe asked as he helped the professor furl the sails.
“It has its own unique charms. Besides that, it’s the last town before the mountains – which makes it rather special.”
“Why special?”
“Well, if anyone wants to trade out of the mountains, Little Boulder Creek is the place to come.”
Joe glanced up at the mountain peaks, lined up like snow-capped shark’s teeth. “Do people actually live up there?”
“You need to be rather liberal in your use of the word ‘people’. They tend to be a rather interesting lot. Here, can you give me a hand with the jib?” Between the two of them, they did the traditional ‘hold each corner and now you come towards me’ bed sheet type fold on the jib. 
“Okay,” said the professor, “that should just about do.”
“What about your bag? Are we going to take it with us?”
“No, we’ll leave it here. At least until I can rustle up someone to come and get it.” He absentmindedly patted his pockets and looked about himself. “Right, I think we’re all set. How about we go and see what trouble we can get ourselves into, eh?”
Joe nodded. “Aye-aye, Captain.”
Together they set off, following a small and well-trodden path which eventually became a sizeable cobblestone road. Occasionally people wandered past. The locals weren’t as flamboyantly dressed as the crew of the El Viento Fuerte, but they were friendly enough and nodded politely to Joe and the professor. 
Eventually they began passing the first small, brightly coloured houses as the road wound its way into the village proper. With thatched roofs and chimney pots, they looked like they belonged in a tourist brochure.
“Quaint,” remarked Joe.
The streets were spotless, paved with stone and polished clean by the passing of feet. Laughing children chased each other, playing. Women in long dresses hung brightly coloured washing on clotheslines and smiled as the professor gave them each a polite, “Good morning.” It did seem quite special, in its own unique way.
Eventually, as the path led them further into the town, they began to pass little shops. Each had tables and stalls set up, with their wares on display and their doors thrown invitingly open. The town seemed to have everything – food stalls; tailor and seamstress shops; a barber shop; a shop selling things that looked a lot like umbrellas.
They even passed a small, stone smithy in the shade of a spreading chestnut tree. Through the open doorway, Joe could make out the red glow of the forge and heard the ring of the blacksmith’s hammer, rhythmic and measured, as it sent sparks scurrying across the floor.
It wasn’t until they’d passed through the bustling town centre, complete with a village square filled with people and market stalls alike, that they finally came to what was obviously the largest building in the town. It was clearly an inn. Hanging above the front door, mounted on a thick wooden backing plate, was the grizzled head of a wild boar.
Joe frowned. “Trotter’s End?”
“Correct.” The professor looked further along the path, towards the edge of town. “Go on in and order yourself some breakfast, Joe. Young Julia will take good care of you.”
“You’re not coming?”
“I’ll join you shortly.”
“Where are you going?” 
“To see to arrangements.”
“You know, you’re being very vague.”
The professor gave him a mysterious sideways grin. “Yes I am, aren’t I?” He motioned Joe towards the inn. “Tell Julia you’re with me and I’ll be back soon.” He then strode away, disappearing amongst the crowd.
Joe wandered over to the enormous front door and looked up into the unsettling face of the boar’s head. It was hideous. With one ear missing and tusks bared in a final death snarl, it hardly looked very welcoming. The unsavoury smell didn’t help either. He kept an eye on it as he opened the door and stepped carefully through.
Inside, the place had a very English tavern feel. Polished hardwood floors, sturdy overhead timbers and an open fireplace seemed to be the theme of the day. A long bar ran along one wall, behind which was a door leading, Joe assumed, to the kitchen. At the back of the inn, two cathedral worthy windows of handmade glass gave an impressive, if somewhat distorted, view out across the valley.
The innkeeper stood behind the bar, cleaning glasses with a dish cloth. He was a huge bear of a man with a dangerous scowl. He gave Joe a gruff look, then growled an order to a young waitress cleaning tables nearby. She looked up and, with a welcoming smile, glided over to Joe. 
“Hi. Welcome to Trotter’s End. Table for one?”
“Ah…no actually. For two, please.” He hesitated for a moment. “I’m sorry but, are you Julia?”
The girl gave him a surprised look. “Yes. How did you know?”
“The Capt…ah, I mean Professor Pendlebury asked me to tell you that I’m with him. He’ll be here soon.”
“You’re with the Captain? Well, well…we haven’t seen him for a while. Where is he?”
“He said he had some arrangements to make.”
“Of course.” She said it in an offhand way that made Joe suspect he wasn’t the only person who the professor was frustratingly aloof with. “And what’s your name?”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I’m Joe.”
“Well it is a pleasure to meet you, Joe.” She stretched out a small hand and shook his. It was warm and soft. “And seeing as how you’re in such esteemed company, even if he isn’t actually here, how about we give you the best table in the place? Right over here by the window.”
She showed Joe to a table that, from his seat, he could see all the way back down to the plains.
“Now,” she pulled a dog-eared writing pad and a pencil stub out of her apron, “while we’re waiting for the Captain to arrive, how about I get some breakfast for you? What would you like?”
“Do you have bacon and eggs on toast?” He sensed something was amiss as soon as he asked the question, but for the life of him he couldn’t figure out what he’d said wrong. The innkeeper had stopped drying glasses, mid glass, and was now staring at both of them.
Julia smiled pleasantly and, with her back turned to the innkeeper, she said, “I’m afraid we don’t have bacon on the menu today on account of the werepig over there.”
“BOAR!” The roar from the innkeeper made Joe jump. “It’s were-BOAR, Julia! And you always get it wrong!”
There was a brief silence. Julia continued to smile at Joe as he stared in wide eyed surprise at the innkeeper. With a loud ‘hurumph’ he went back to furiously drying glasses, keeping one eye on Julia’s back.
“I’m sorry, we don’t have any bacon on the menu today on account of the werebore over there.” She gave Joe a wink.
“It’s a very prestigious line of lycanthropes that I’m from,” continued the innkeeper. Julia rolled her eyes – this was obviously a familiar speech. “We have a long and proud history – my grandfather was a wereboar!”
Julia turned and gave him a look. It had an edge. The innkeeper managed to hold his ground for a little while, solemnly looking into the glass he was ruthlessly cleaning. But when she lowered her chin and raised an eyebrow, he conceded defeat and retreated to the relative safety of the kitchen.
Julia turned back to Joe. “Now…where were we?”
They could hear the clanging of pots and pans from the kitchen, and overheard the innkeeper’s muffled voice through the door. “Uncle Terry – he was a wolf. No one ever called him a weredog. And he was just a cobbler – I run an establishment! All I get is ‘Mr Pig this’ and ‘Mr Pig that’. You tear someone’s throat out and they give you some respect!”
Julia smiled amicably at Joe. “Just ignore him, he’s always a little grumpy after the full moon.”
“Err…what’s a um…a wereboar?” asked Joe.
Julia sighed. “It’s a long and desperately sad story.” 
There was another loud crash of what sounded like cooking utensils, and some muffled cursing.
“But I guess after that little speech,” she said, pulling a chair out and sitting down. “Let’s see…do you know what a werewolf is? A person who turns into a wolf when there’s a full moon?”
Joe nodded. Everyone knew that one.
“Well, don’t you think it’s a little strange, then, that people only turn into wolves?” She motioned a thumb towards the kitchen. “Every full moon our grumpy friend in there turns into a pig.”
“A pig?” he thought for a moment. “You mean a boar? Like a wild boar?”
She flashed Joe a cheeky grin. “He likes to jazz it up, but he’s a pig. A big, pink, potbellied, loveable pig.”
“Do people know?” he asked.
“Oh yes, of course. Everyone knows. It’s a – ” she did her best impersonation of the innkeeper, “ – ‘long and proud history!’ On full moons the locals put their scraps out in their back yards and leave the gates open, you know, so he won’t go hungry. They can hear him snuffling around all night.” She leaned a little closer and whispered, “In the morning, he wakes up all covered in muck on the back porch. I lock all the doors and won’t let him inside until he hoses himself off.”
Joe grinned and Julia leaned back in her chair, laughing quietly in her natural, easy way. It made her eyes sparkle.
“For a day or two afterwards he gets all sentimental. He hangs his grandfather above the door and we’re not allowed to serve bacon on the menu.”
“And last night was the full moon…” Joe said.
“Bingo, kiddo. That’s why the place’s so quiet. Don’t get me wrong, we all love the old man, but people like to give him a little space when the stuffed head goes up.”
“And the head…is it really…it’s his…” Joe wasn’t sure if he wanted to know the answer.
“Grandfather? Yep. He was a real boar. Well, not a real boar, but a real wereboar. He left Trotter’s End to the old man when he died. And his last wish was to be stuffed and mounted, so that’s what they did. Bit unusual I have to admit, but you can never tell with these shapeshifters. Now whenever the old man feels particularly proud to be a pig, he pulls the old head out of the attic and hangs it over the front door.”
Joe shook his head in wonder. He looked towards the kitchen. “I’ve never met a wereboar before…Actually, I’ve never met a wereanything before.”
“You’ve never seen a lycanthrope?” Julia was watching him with a puzzled look.
“Err…well, if that means ‘a weresomething’, then no. I’m kind of new to everything around here.” Which, he thought, was probably the understatement of the year. “Although,” he added, “I have seen some wargs.”
“Ack! Great, ugly things. I suppose that was down on the plains?”
Joe nodded, but didn’t say anything. He noticed when Julia turned her head, a few stray tresses of hair, which had obviously escaped from her ponytail, swayed with a carefree abandon across her face.
“We don’t tend to get many wargs up this way, they don’t get along very well with the griffons.” She grinned. “The griffons find them quite tasty.”
Joe wanted to ask a question, but he knew it was the wrong one. Any question would be better to ask than that one. But it was bouncing around inside him like a five year old on a trampoline. He gave in – “What’s a griffon?”
His only consolation was that he wasn’t surprised at all by the look on Julia’s face.
“You haven’t seen a griffon before, either?”
“Ah…no.”
She frowned. “Where exactly has the Captain been keeping you?” Her tone suggested she’d like to ask the Captain the same question in person. “Well, I guess you’re going to find out sooner or later anyway. And if the Captain was intending to surprise you, I guess there’s no harm in my spoiling his fun.”
Now it was Joe’s turn to frown. “Surprise?”
“Ah huh. Now, let’s see…‘a griffon’…What’s the best way to describe it?” She pursed her lips in thought. “A great big eagle maybe? But with lots of lion bits thrown in and all mixed together. I guess that’s as good a description as any. What do you think? Clear as mud?”
“Yep. Very confusing.”
Julia smiled and, in that moment, just for a little bit, the world seemed to be a better place in which to live.
“Are they…scary?” he asked, somewhat ashamed of himself. 
“Oh yes, definitely. But in a fierce sort of way. Not like wargs – wargs are just evil. Griffons are more noble. You’ll have to see them to understand.”
“Do you see them very often?”
“Well, there are some wild rookeries up in the mountains.” Julia pointed out one of the windows, in the direction of the towering peaks. “But the wild ones, they tend to keep to themselves and don’t come down here much. However, I don’t think that’s what the Captain has planned. You see Little Boulder Creek is one of a very few towns to be blessed with its own personal flock of griffons. One Armed Hamish keeps a few of them out there on the edge of town.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
“Wild griffons?”
“Oh, no. Hamish’s griffons are tame…well, actually, ‘tame’ probably isn’t the right word. Griffons are never really tame. ‘Manageable’ perhaps? ‘More willing to do what you say than to tear your legs off’? That’s probably where the Captain’s gone.”
Joe guessed she probably wasn’t serious about the ‘legs off’ bit, with emphasis on the ‘probably’. But before he could ask, the front door flew open and the professor walked in. With a beaming smile he took off his coat, hung it from the otherwise coatless coat-stand and strode over to their table.
“Well, good morning, young Julia,” he said, pulling up a chair. “You’re looking as lovely as usual.”
“And where have you been?” She used the same raised eyebrow she’d levelled at the innkeeper earlier. The effect, however, appeared to be lost on the professor.
“Taking care of…” he glanced at Joe, “…arrangements.”
“You mean the griffons?” Joe asked.
The professor turned a wry smile on Julia. “I see you’ve lost no time in giving away all my secrets.”
“I thought it only fitting, considering Joe hasn’t seen one before. Or a lycanthrope, for that matter. I guess you were intending on surprising him with a ride on one of Hamish’s pets?”
“Am I truly that transparent?” The professor feigned surprise. “I thought I was cryptic and mysterious and,” he searched for the right word, “…enigmatic?”
Julia sighed. “Perhaps we’re just getting to know each other a little too well, Captain.” She reached across the table and gave Joe’s hair a playful tousle with her fingers. “Where did you manage to find this handsome young devil anyway?”
“St. George’s Boarding School for Boys.”
“So he’s one of your protégés?” She said it with a wink at Joe.
“We like to refer to them as ‘students’.”
“Well, Joe, don’t let the Captain get you into more trouble than he’s worth. He has quite a gift for that sort of thing.”
“It’s an acquired skill. How’s the pig?”
Julia fell silent with a disapproving frown. Joe wondered if she might be set to give the professor a lecture on manners, but in the end she just shrugged and said, “Grumpy, as per usual. You know how he gets.”
“Yes, I noticed Grandpa hanging above the door again. Perhaps we can lighten his mood a little?”
Julia’s frown deepened. “What did you have in mind?”
The professor grinned and turned to face the kitchen. In a booming voice he said, “JULIA, CAN YOU PLEASE BRING MY ESTEEMED TRAVELLING COMPANION AND I TWO SERVES OF YOUR FINEST BACON AND EGGS ON TOAST?”
The sudden silence from the kitchen swooped in and enveloped all three of them. They sat and watched one another, waiting for the inevitable explosion, with the professor grinning like an idiot. Then, with a clatter of cutlery and the heavy ‘donk’ of a pan onto a hotplate, the cursing commenced once more, with renewed vigour. 
“You know he hates it when you do that?” Julia was smiling now too.
“Why do you think I do it?”
She was quiet for a moment. “You know, it really is good to see you again, Captain.”
The professor returned her smile. “It’s good to see you again too, Julia.”
With a sigh she stood and picked up her cleaning cloth.
“I’d better get in there and do some work before I get fired. I’ll bring you both some orange juice.” 
She disappeared through the kitchen door and, although Joe and the professor heard the sound of muffled voices, it didn’t sound like any major conflict was about to break out, thankfully.
“Well,” said the professor, “I can see you managed to get acquainted.”
Joe nodded.
“And you didn’t end up getting strung up by that excuse for a cook in there, which is no small feat.”
With a cautious glance towards the kitchen, Joe leaned forward and whispered, “Does he really turn into a pig?”
“You bet. A nice big one. Very friendly though, when he’s a pig. He’s only grumpy when he turns back again. I’m surprised Julia doesn’t get grumpy as well.”
“Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why would she get grumpy?”
“She’s a lycanthrope too.” The professor raised an eyebrow. “She didn’t mention that little detail?”
Joe shook his head in surprise. “No. No, she didn’t.” He paused for a moment. “So…does she turn into a pig as well?”
“Oh no. There’s only one werepig in this town. No, Julia is of a more feline persuasion.”
“You mean a cat? Like a black panther or something?” Actually, to Joe that sounded pretty cool. He’d seen something similar on TV.
“No, just a regular house cat I believe. A tabby if I’m not mistaken.”
“Oh…” If he thought about it, turning into a cat actually suited Julia. She did have a certain catlike grace when she moved.
“Each full moon, she spends the night stalking the hallways, hunting for mice. She’s quite good too. The place’s certainly never had a problem with vermin. In the morning she’s usually curled up in a ball in front of the fireplace.”
“What about everyone else? Is everyone in Little Boulder Creek a lik…liken…” He struggled with the unfamiliar word.
“Lycanthrope? No. Only the two distinguished residents of Trotter’s End can claim that unique honour.”
“Ah…” Joe nodded. “And it runs in the family, right?”
“What does?”
“Being a were-thingo.”
“Oh, yes. Usually. Although not always.”
“So…” Joe said carefully, “does that mean they’re father and daughter?”
“Julia and the old man?”
Joe nodded.
“Actually, no. We’re not exactly sure who Julia’s parents are.” The professor’s expression darkened slightly. “Or, at least, who they were.”
“What do you mean?”
“Julia turned up on the doorstep when she was just a child. The old man took her in, which is why she’s here.”
“What happened to her parents?”
“We don’t know.” The look on the professor’s face showed that, although he didn’t know, he could probably have had a pretty good guess.
“So…err…what do you think happened?”
The professor’s eyebrows furrowed and he glanced out through the windows. “Well, let’s just say that not everyone is as welcoming of shapechangers as the good people of Little Boulder Creek.”
“What…do you think they were killed?”
The professor looked back at Joe and nodded solemnly.
“Probably.”
“But why?”
The professor shrugged. “Because people are stupid? Because someone woke up to find their chickens gone, perhaps? Maybe someone’s mother-in-law overstayed her welcome? Who knows? In the end, it’s usually because people need someone to blame.” 
“That doesn’t seem very fair.”
“No. No it doesn’t, does it? But then again, life sometimes isn’t all that fair.” He said it with a small, resigned sigh. “Besides, not all lycanthropes are as harmless as a pig or a house cat – although even the wolves and the tigers can usually control themselves when they change.”
“But is that any excuse to go around killing people?”
“No, of course not. We both know that. And it’s nice and easy to pass judgment on the world while we’re sitting here in the warm comfort of Trotter’s End with breakfast on the way, isn’t it?”
Joe frowned. “I don’t get it.”
“No? What is it that puzzles you, my boy?”
“Why does sitting here make any difference?”
“Well, would you still be willing to stand up and be counted if it was the middle of the night, dark enough that you couldn’t see your hand in front of your face, and all you can hear is the sound of a big animal padding around outside and scratching at the door? Or perhaps your children went to fetch water from the well and never came back? Or in the morning all you can find of your only cow is a well chewed tail, meaning your family’s going to starve during the winter? Would an angry mob with torches and pitchforks seem just a little less objectionable then, perhaps?”
Joe was silent.
“People get scared, Joe. And scared people do scared people things. They don’t tend to think much before they act. Afterwards, yes. Afterwards there’s a lot of ‘I’m very sorry’ and ‘If I’d only known’, for all the damned good it does.
“But when all’s said and done, perhaps that’s why Julia was spared. Out of pity. After all, people know about Little Boulder Creek and Trotter’s End – ” he pointed in the direction of the kitchen, “ – about the old man. So one morning Julia turned up on the doorstep. She was hardly even big enough to walk. All she had were the clothes she was wearing and a teddy bear with a missing leg. And she’s been here ever since.”
There was another loud clatter of cutlery and some more muffled cursing from the direction of the kitchen. Then the door swung open as the innkeeper pushed his way through, carrying two large plates. Behind him, tagging along like a curious crowd of onlookers, was Julia. She was carrying a jug of orange juice, two glasses and a barely hidden look of amusement. The innkeeper set the plates down with a scowl and a distinct lack of formality. It looked good. Really good. Steam was rising off the eggs. The rashers of bacon were curled up into guilty little rolls of mouth-watering shame.
Julia stepped in and put the jug and glasses onto the table. She leaned close to Joe and whispered softly, “You’re lucky you’re with the Captain, he wouldn’t have done it for anyone else.”
The innkeeper glared down at the professor. He looked like an Indian Chief watching a cavalry soldier – he’d seen the smart blue uniform before and, even though it didn’t look nearly as good as a bearskin and some feathers, he knew it usually meant trouble. The professor beamed back at him with a smile that wouldn’t have been misplaced in an asylum.
There was an uncomfortable silence.
It was a long silence.
“Captain.” The innkeeper’s voice was flat and humourless.
“Reginald,” the professor replied.
If it was possible, the innkeeper’s mood seemed to darken even further. 
“Would you like some…pepper…with that?” he growled.
“No, thank you.” 
“Salt…?”
“Probably not, but I’ll let you know.”
Joe felt there was an element of self-preservation the professor should have been paying more attention to. A lot more.
Reginald glowered. And if glowering was a sport, you would definitely want him on your team. He was a world champion.
But finally, like a volcano that had decided not – for the time being – to blow the little pacific island into an archaeological history lesson, he turned and rumbled his way back into the kitchen.
Julia sighed. “Well, that was pleasant, wasn’t it?”
“Whamph?” the professor said through a mouthful of eggs and toast.
“You know how long it’s been since we’ve seen you, and…well…you don’t make it any easier.”
The professor swallowed. “It’s not my fault he’s touchy about turning into a pig.”
“It’s not that, and you know it.” She was still frowning, but her look softened a little. “He misses having you around. He’ll never admit it, of course, but it’s true. He’s stuck here while you’re out there, who knows where doing who knows what.”
He’s jealous, thought Joe. Jealous? Of a school teacher?
The professor sighed. “Okay. I see your point.”
“And when you show up out of the blue like this…”
“I’m sorry, Julia.” He put his knife and fork on the table. “Sometimes I take you both for granted. I’ll try to be a bit more thoughtful from now on, I promise.”
“Well…just try not to antagonise him so much. At least, what you can help, anyway.” She poured them both a glass of orange juice. “I’ll leave the two of you to enjoy your breakfast. I hope you appreciate it!” She said the last with an accusing finger pointed at the professor, before turning and heading back into the kitchen.
Joe watched the professor closely. “Misses having you around?” he asked.
“Mmmm?” The professor had already begun attacking his breakfast once more.
“So, exactly how well do you know…err…” Joe glanced towards the kitchen, “Reginald?”
“Reg? Well, it’s hard to say really. We go back a way.”
“About how far, exactly?”
The professor glanced up at Joe. He had a sizeable slice of bacon harpooned on his fork and on its way to his mouth. He looked a little shifty. “Well, in a way, you could say we’re almost as close as brothers.”
“In a way?”
“Ah huh.”
Joe paused for a moment. “Is he your brother?”
The professor sat back with a surprised smile.
“Well…indeed, yes he is. How very astute of you, Joe.”
“He’s your brother?”
“Yes.”
“But…well…seriously?” That particular revelation was going to take some processing. “Do you change into anything on a full moon?”
“Other than a first rate school teacher?”
Joe smirked. “You mean you’re second rate for the rest of the month?”
The professor stifled a grin. “Don’t tell anybody else, I don’t think they’ve caught on yet.”
“Seriously, do you turn into anything?”
The professor shook his head. “No. Generally only one or two siblings in each generation will inherit lycanthropy. I guess I was just the unlucky one.”
“Un-lucky?”
The professor nodded. “Otherwise I might get to enjoy the neighbourhood scraps for once.” 
Joe tried to hide his grin, just to be on the safe side.
“How long ago did you leave?”
“Here? Well, a few eons have passed, that’s for sure. Although I come back every now and again to visit.”
“But Reg has been here all along?”
“Someone had to stay behind and be responsible.”
“And that’s why he’s jealous of you? For leaving?”
“Apparently.”
“Even though you only ended up at St. George’s?”
“When you make it sound so exciting, it’s not difficult to see why he’d be jealous, is it?”
“But they know about St. George’s? About the…err… ‘real’ world?”
“The ‘real’ world?”
“You know what I mean.”
“Well, to tell you the truth, about as many people here believe my stories about calculators and motorcycles as people back at St. George’s believe my stories about Quagmirium.” He shrugged. “I can’t win either way.”
“Perhaps you just don’t have a very honest face.”
The professor gave him a flat look. “Perhaps we should just finish our breakfast, huh? Besides, we’ve still got a man to see about some griffons.”
They ate the rest of their bacon and eggs in somewhat of a reflective silence. And even though the professor had been about as forthcoming with his information as a dentist with a pair of pliers and a mouth full of teeth, Joe couldn’t help but feel a huge amount of curiosity about the man. How many more secrets were hidden beneath his relentlessly uninteresting school teacher disguise? Perhaps a set of tights and a long red cape?
He could still hear muffled voices from the direction of the kitchen. Or, more to the point, a muffled voice. The conversation seemed to be one sided, with most it in a distinctly female voice. Perhaps Julia was giving Reg a few finer points on the art of customer relations. In the end, when breakfast had been reduced to two empty plates and a delicious lingering aroma, the pair returned from the kitchen. Reg had the look of a dog that’d been kicked a few times.
After Joe helped Julia to clear the table, the four of them sat and had tea with biscuits. The professor seemed to have found a long lost streak of humility, he was almost polite. Equally, Reg looked less like a violent accident waiting to happen, and more like the quiet innkeeper that Joe suspected was his usual, everyday self. Maybe the initial fireworks had just been their way of breaking the ice.
Eventually, however, the professor stretched and took a deep breath, before announcing, “Well, I think it’s about time Joe and I got under way.”
“Off on another mission to save the world?” asked Julia.
“Something like that.”
“Well, I guess someone has to do it, don’t they?” She tried to cover her disappointment with a cheery smile. “I was kind of hoping you might stay for a while.”
“We would stay longer, princess, but I’m afraid that, even after all these years, the world just isn’t capable of saving itself.”
The only sound to come from Reg was a noncommittal grunt.
Julia gave him a sideways glace. “I mean, we don’t get to see you very often as it is. Couldn’t you stay for just a little while longer?”
The professor was silent for a few moments. Joe watched compassion etch a frown on his brow. He reached out and brushed Julia’s cheek with his thumb. “I tell you what, as soon as we’re done, we’ll come back and stay for a while. How does that sound?”
“Do you mean it?”
“So much time you’ll get thoroughly sick of us.”
“That won’t take long,” grumbled Reg.
“A joke!” exclaimed the professor. “Reg! Who would have thought? After all these years!”
The big man flashed them a brief, somewhat self-conscious grin.
“So, when do you think you’ll be back?” asked Julia.
“Well, if everything goes to plan, then a few days at the most.”
“You promise?”
“I promise.”
Her face lit up in a smile. “Okay.”
They said their goodbyes at the front door, from under the watchful eye of the old boar’s head. The professor and Reg shook hands and embraced briefly in the embarrassed way grown men do. Then the professor lifted Julia off the ground, making her squeal, and set her back down with a light kiss on her forehead.
Joe shook hands with Reg as well, with as much solemn dignity as he could muster. His hand disappeared in the man’s huge bear paw. 
The old man growled to him, “Don’t let him do anything stupid, like getting you killed…”
Joe nodded and tried to pretend that getting killed was something he was used to avoiding.
Then he did something he regretted – he shook Julia’s hand. It was an awkward moment. He’d never been particularly comfortable around girls, and with Julia he felt …well…a bit inept. What he wanted to do was lift her up and kiss her just like the professor had, but he figured that’d probably be inappropriate. Besides, she was bigger than he was. But a handshake…just a handshake?
Julia must have seen his hesitation because, in her typical style, she pulled him into a quick embrace, gave him a kiss on the cheek, playfully tousled his hair again and said, “See ya, handsome.”
As Joe and the professor walked away, Reg and Julia watched from the doorway of the inn. Then they, too, were gone.

Chapter 6

A Town Meeting

The meeting wasn’t going well for the Mayor of Monterey. Most of the population of the kingdom had gathered in the town hall, which said a lot about exactly how big the kingdom of Monterey was, and were now looking at him with the expectant air of people who want answers. Well at least one of them had the ‘answers’ look, the rest he suspected were simply there for the entertainment.
Even Disgustin’ Eddie was there, snoring away in the front row with a bottle of his special rum, the sort that works wonders on hard to remove stains. A nice warm town meeting was much better than sleeping under the front porch of Redding’s Grain and Feed.
“MISTER MAYOR!” It was the sort of voice that skipped your ears, drilled into your brain and stayed there – like an ice pick. “We demand ANSWERS, Mr Mayor!”
“Please, Mrs Heynit, if I could ask for your cooperation for just one moment…”
‘Heynit’, he thought. What sort of a name was ‘Heynit’? Perhaps it was just a coincidence that it suited her so well. A tall, thin woman, with a face that looked like she’d been sucking on a lemon. The best word to describe her, the Mayor thought, was ‘difficult’.
“Mr Mayor! We are good, upstanding citizens of this community. We demand to know what is going to be done about this situation!”
Actually, he wasn’t just the Mayor, he had simply donned his Mayor’s hat for the meeting. Technically speaking, he was also the King. But in a kingdom as small as Monterey they didn’t have the luxury of having just a king, so he ended up having to take on a few extra jobs as well. Which meant that, although he was the King and the Mayor, the local townsfolk knew him best as ‘the Baker’. It was amazing what working twelve hours a day in a bakery could teach a monarch in the ways of ruling a kingdom. There were no thoughts of invading neighbouring kingdoms when you knew you had to have four dozen sandwich loaves ready by dawn, and that Mrs Grendel would be in for her daily Boston Bun at 7am sharp. He imagined it might give diplomacy a whole new meaning if every kingdom made their monarchs run a bakery for a while.
“Well, Mrs Heynit, first I’d like to ask for input from our fellow concerned citizens. Has anyone actually seen the… err…the beast?”
“It is not a ‘beast’, it is a MONSTER. The embodiment of evil itself. It is a DRAGON, Mr Mayor!”
“Yes, yes, all right, Mrs Heynit. Thank you. Has anyone actually seen the dragon?”
There was a general murmur from the crowd. Everyone had heard of the dragon, and everyone knew someone who had seen it. But when it came to actually seeing it, well…anyone who’d actually seen it had probably already been eaten. After all, it was a dragon.
Ignoring the question, as was her style, Mrs Heynit ploughed on. “Mr Mayor, if something isn’t done immediately, it will mean the end of us all! That thing will kill our livestock, it’ll destroy our crops, it’ll…it’ll…”
Disgustin’ Eddie gave a load snort, half woke himself and, eyes still covered by his hat, mumbled, “Ravage… young…maidens.” Then, still clutching his rum, he smacked his lips, settled back down and began to snore again. But it was fuel for the fire that was Mrs Heynit. 
“YES! It will ravage our…err…young maidens…We need something DONE, Mr Mayor!”
The Mayor sighed – this was going to be a long night. 
“Please, people, please. Has the dragon actually done anything to anyone? Does anyone have any credible evidence?”
There was silence.
“Has anyone lost any livestock?”
More silence.
“There are plenty of wild sheep up on Desolation Spire. They haven’t been rounded up in years. A dragon may actually be doing us a favour by keeping their numbers down.”
“I hardly think that is of consequence at a time like this, Mr Mayor!” Ms Heynit said, becoming defensive. “The issue is, what will happen to us if something isn’t done? We’ll all be eaten alive!”
“Well, in that case, has anyone been eaten alive?” The Mayor looked across the crowd. Slowly, and with the care of someone who doesn’t know how fast they’ll have to sit back down again, Mr Ellison got to his feet. Mr Ellison was a frail man. He was in the middle of enjoying his golden years, if by ‘golden’ you meant not being able to remember what you had for breakfast and never being quite sure if you were going to have to make an emergency dash for the lavatory so you’d better take a seat next to the exit, just in case.
“Mr Mayor, sir,” his voice croaked with emotion. “The dragon ate my wife.”
As one, the room of onlookers gave an awkward groan. Mr Ellison’s wife had been a good forty years younger than Mr Ellison himself. In a place as small as Monterey, no one liked to mention such things as marriages of convenience, but more than a few eyebrows were raised by the fact that Mr Ellison was also considered to be the wealthiest man in town. It came as no surprise to anyone, with the exception of Mr Ellison of course, when one day Mrs Ellison mysteriously vanished. It also came as no surprise that coincidentally, on the same day, the town’s rather handsome blacksmith had left for the big city. The same blacksmith who the townsfolk had noticed Mrs Ellison spent a good deal of time with, brought cut lunches for, picked wild flowers for, that sort of thing.
So far, no one had had the heart to break the news to old Mr Ellison. Hence he had begun to explain her disappearance with stories, perhaps to convince himself more than anything.
To begin with, they started out quite small – she’d gone to her mother’s for a few days, or she was visiting a great aunt. But they had grown. Oh, how they had grown. Now each month he regaled the townsfolk with a new story of abduction and ransom by a band of goblins, or having watched her ride off into the sunset with four strangers on horseback, one carrying a scythe.
The real devil of it was, since the blacksmith had left, his second cousin Tony had taken over the smithy. Tony’s last job had been in ‘waste management’ and, although he had a lot of enthusiasm, now no one could buy straight nails.
“Mr Ellison,” the Mayor tried to be gentle, “last month you said she’d been carried off by fairies.”
“Well, yes, that is true…but…well…I may have been mistaken.” He looked around at the familiar faces, all of whom had listened attentively at one time or another to his stories. And considering some of the stories, being eaten by a dragon was actually pretty tame. “But isn’t it obvious?” he continued. “Now we know there’s a dragon here, well it must have eaten her. What other explanation is there?”
It’s amazing, thought the Mayor, just how long an uncomfortable silence can drag on when no one wants to break an old man’s heart.
“Okay,” he finally conceded, “with the clear exception of Mrs Ellison, has anyone else been eaten alive?”
“There was old Jack Burton. He got eaten alive.” Even though the Mayor couldn’t see who the voice belonged to, as it was well towards the back, he immediately knew it was Nigel Tuffnel. Monterey wasn’t well known for the intellect of its populace. Because of the relatively high price of getting teachers to the little mountain kingdom, most of the inhabitants treated reading and writing as a very optional extra. Although the Mayor championed the cause of education, generally the townspeople didn’t consider it to be terribly important when most of their day was spent behind a plough or a stove anyway. But even so, Nigel made a point of bringing the intellectual average down.
The Mayor sighed. “He was eaten by trolls.”
“Well, he still got eaten.”
“They cooked him in a POT! And anyway, that was when even I was a boy!” The Mayor was beginning to lose his patience.
“I think, Mr Mayor,” Mrs Heynit interjected, “the question is not what has happened, but what will happen. I for one am unwilling to simply sit here and wait for the great monster to come knocking on my door. We must take action and we must take it NOW!”
The Mayor scowled and wished for the millionth time that Monterey was one of those new-fangled, upwardly mobile republics he’d heard so much about. That way, he’d be allowed to resign.
“All right,” he said – and this, he thought, was where the real circus would begin, “let’s hear suggestions for a course of action.”
There was a commotion from the front row as Cousin Tony, the garbage collector and blacksmith, lumbered to his feet. He was a giant of a man with an admittedly simplistic view of the world. When people spoke about the ‘speed of thought’, they usually meant ‘very fast’. In Tony’s case, it amounted to a gentle stroll with an occasional stop to smell the flowers.
However this was obviously the moment he’d been waiting for. He bowed politely, hat held before him in a charming sort of contrition. Even though he referred to his anvil as ‘the thing with the pointy bit’ and everyone’s horses were now going shoeless, it was hard not to like the man.
“Oi’d loik to makes a pro-po-si-shun, h’if I may.”
The words were like a jigsaw, once you put it all together you were left saying, ‘Oh, it’s a kitten’, but getting the bits to fit took some skill. Even the Mayor, who was quite good with languages, had to say, “I’m sorry?” more often than not. Before coming to Monterey to save the blacksmithless town, Cousin Tony had spent a lot of time down on the lowlands. The Mayor thought Tony’s accent may well have been influenced by the men he had worked with. Which raised the question of exactly who he had worked with. Dark alleys and serious men in expensive suits came to mind.
“Oi ham willing, with some finanshul ‘elp from Your ‘oliness, to makes hay silva’ h’arrow wiv which to slay the ‘orrible beast.”
The Mayor took a minute to do the mental rearranging. “A silver arrow?” 
“That’s roight Guv.”
“To slay a dragon?”
“It’s just wot’s needed Guv, so I ‘eard.”
“I think,” the Mayor frowned, “you’re thinking of a werewolf.”
“Werewolf, Guv? ‘Ave we got werewolves now too?”
The Mayor sighed. “Thank you, Tony, but I don’t think we require a silver arrow just at the moment. Your suggestion will, however, be noted. Are there any other suggestions?”
Council meetings tended to be a little bit like a school classroom – everyone was hesitant to make a suggestion themselves, but were more than willing to agree (or more likely disagree) with someone else’s. George Peterson, the local proprietor of Peterson and Sons’ Fine Furniture, Outdoor Settings and Fishing Tackle, cleared his throat. The throng turned to watch him.
“Well, Mr Mayor, I was just thinking. A few years back I heard they had a dragon settle in over towards Big Knuckle way. We all heard the stories, terrible stuff it was too. Lotta stock killed, just like Mrs Heynit said.” Mrs Heynit shot the Mayor a Cheshire Cat smile of Mt Everest proportion smugness.
“Yes, I recall something about that myself, George,” the Mayor said.
“Well, from what I heard, they decided to try moving it on by playing loud music outside its cave all day and all night – you know, so it couldn’t get any sleep, like. Do you lot remember that?” He looked around at the assembly and there was general head nodding and murmurs of agreement. “So, anyway, they put together a big brass band and marched up there to the cave and played music. Although, from what I heard, they weren’t much good. Couldn’t get any two people to play the same tune at the same time, that sorta thing. But then, I guess that was the point, wasn’t it? If they’d played well, and the dragon just happened to like music, then perhaps it’d stick around, wouldn’t it?”
The Mayor could feel the Train of Purpose heading for a serious derailment. He had heard the same stories and had only half believed them at the time. Things tended to get… well…exaggerated in Monterey. But he couldn’t deny it was a good story, and who was he to stand in its way? 
With a sigh, he said, “Please, George, continue.”
“Well, the dragon came out of its cave and ‘et the whole band, didn’t it? It even ‘et their instruments, from what I heard.” There was more head nodding and murmurs of agreement – the story had gotten around. “Then a few weeks later, there wasn’t no sign of the dragon no more. It stopped eating all the livestock and no one saw it flying around. Some people thought it’d gone away ‘cause it’d already ‘et all the animals. Other people said it was just waiting, trying to trick them into a ‘false sense of security’ …whatever that is. 
“It took them a good three months afore anyone dared go near the cave. But do you know what they found when they went inside?” The Mayor could see Mr Peterson was warming to his audience. “The beast was already DEID! It was lying there, all twisted up and contorted, like it’d been ‘et up from the inside out. There were claw marks all over the walls, and great big rocks broke up into little, itty bitty rocks. The thing was in the middle of its cave, as deid as last year’s corn patch at mid-winter.
“So do you know what they did then? They got the butcher to cut the thing open, to see what killed it, like. And do you know what they found?” 
He paused for dramatic effect and looked around at the crowd. They all knew what had been found, they’d all heard the story. But when it came down to it, everyone enjoyed hearing a good tale. No one liked to spoil the ending. 
“A trombone! A plain, ordinary trombone. It must have gotten stuck in the dragon’s gut when it ‘et the band, and it ended up killin’ it. And that was an end to the monster.”
The room murmured again, this time with some scattered applause. It was almost a shame, the Mayor thought, after such an entertaining performance, to have to bring everyone back to reality – well, as close to reality as the townspeople of Monterey ever got – with the question he knew had to be asked.
“Thank you, George. Very well spoken. Now, if I might impose on you for one further detail, do you have a suggestion for solving our current dragon problem?”
“Well, Mr Mayor, I’m glad you asked that question, because I believe I have the very thing. The story of Big Knuckle got me thinking, and to my reckonin’ all we need to do is get the thing to eat some brass instruments and we’ll soon have us a deid dragon – problem solved.”
Ah yes, thought the Mayor, here come the trained animals and the trapeze artists, right on cue.
“Who’s going to play the things? I mean, when they know they’re going to be eaten?” a voice peeped up from the crowd. The Mayor suspected it belonged to young Lou Marini, who just happened to be the town’s only saxophonist.
“Oh, we don’t have to get anyone eaten,” Mr Petersen said as he turned around, “because it wasn’t the people who the dragon ‘et that killed it, it was the instruments. We just have to feed the instruments to the dragon is all.”
“Why would a dragon eat a trombone if there’s no trombone player attached?”
“Perhaps we could make up some scarecrows to look like a band? We could dress ‘em in uniform and stuff.”
“Do they have to be brass instruments? I’ve got an old violin we could use.”
The Mayor watched the room descend into chaos. Conversations broke out like wildfire. Once the ice had been broken everyone wanted to jump in and get their feet wet. Keeping them all pointed in the right direction was a challenge in itself. Keeping them pointed in the right direction and focused on the same idea was nigh impossible.
From amid the hubbub, the Mayor made out Cousin Tony, speaking in that piercing tone of voice he mistook for a whisper.
“Vampires…? Vampires? Are you sure…? Whot am oi gonna do wiv aw this garlic then?” His voice was lost again in the hubbub – then, “Roast lamb, eh?” The Mayor had to pretend to cover a yawn in order to hide his smile. The people of Monterey were nothing if not practical. With the optimism only possible by someone like Cousin Tony, he tried, “Hey, maybe it’s a vampire dragon?”
“MISTER MAYOR!” Mrs Heynit’s fingernails and blackboards screech brought the room to sudden silence. “Mr Mayor, it is obvious from these proceedings,” she made the word sound like a gourmet chef talking about microwave re-heated vindaloo, “that nothing productive is going to be gained from our discussions here this evening.”
She turned pompously to Mr Peterson. “Thank you for your suggestion, Mr Peterson, but I’m glad to announce it won’t be necessary. I have already taken matters in hand and have ensured that the safety of our town will not be compromised.” She turned back to the Mayor. “I have sent for the Peregrine Knights.”
Oh good, thought the Mayor as he massaged his forehead and tried to stop the muscles in his neck from twitching, the cavalry – we’re saved…
Chapter 7

Have Griffon, Will Travel

You wouldn’t score any points, thought Joe, for figuring out where One Armed Hamish got his name from. The fact that he only had one arm was a bit of a giveaway. What you might be a little more surprised with was the fact that he also only had one eye, hair that looked like it’d been left overnight in a tumble drier and a patchwork of scars that you could play noughts-and-crosses on. He was about the most grizzled looking old man Joe had ever met.
He lived in a tiny shack tacked onto the side of a huge stable. Joe and the professor had walked out to the edge of town, climbing up onto one of the rolling hills that bordered Little Boulder Creek, to get to it. It was so small they had to duck to get through the doorway.
Hamish was busy packing a knapsack. “Ach, Cap’n, back so soon?”
“I’m afraid so Hamish, there’s no rest for…well…me.”
“Ah see you doon brought the wee laddie with ye this time.” 
He put the knapsack to one side and strode over to Joe. There was an awkward moment in which Joe wondered how to shake hands with someone who only has one hand, and the wrong one for shaking hands with. Hamish broke the tension by taking his hand in a firm grip, holding Joe’s right hand in his own left hand, and shaking it vigorously.
“Ah’m a verrra pleased to meet ye, laddie. The Cap’n dinnae tell me how big ye are!”
For a moment Joe thought perhaps Hamish was speaking a different language. He looked at the professor for help.
“Yes, and he’s a young man of few words,” he offered. “Joe, this is One Armed Hamish, the only man in Little Boulder Creek brave enough to train griffons.”
“Aye, ye says ‘brave’ but ye means ‘daft’. And it’s true enough, ah guess. There’s nae other daft enough tae look one of them burdies in the eye. There’s a knack to it, ye ken? Noo, let’s take a look at ye, lad.”
Hamish, still holding Joe’s hand firmly in his own, stared deeply into his eyes, looking first one way then the other. What he was looking for, Joe had no idea, but he went about it with all the intensity of someone looking for a diamond in a bag of crushed ice. Finally he smiled and nodded his head.
“Aye, ah can see ye’ve got the ken’in o’ the droogin on ye.”
“I’m sorry?” tried Joe.
“Ach, noo, dinnae be sorry lad. It isnae a choice ye has tae make. It’s in yer heid.” He tapped the side of his head with his forefinger. “Yon Cap’n kens what I ken.”
Joe looked at the professor and whispered, “Who’s Ken?”
“You might have to speak a little slower, Hamish. I don’t think Joe has quite got a grasp of your accent yet.”
“Do ye noo? Do ye no ken the Quin’s own English then?”
There was an uncomfortable silence.
“Err…pardon?”
Hamish burst into laughter. “Aye, pardoned ye are. Although I dinnae ken aboot those clothes, laddie. Ye look like ye’re just oot of the cot.” He looked Joe up and down. “Weeel, at least ye’ll be guid an warm, ah guess.” He turned to the professor. “Soo, we’re heidin’ intae the hills then? Yer to find sumat a wee bit bigger to take ye on yer way?”
The professor nodded. “You could put it that way, yes.”
“And the wee bairn, he disnae ken what ye’re aboot?”
“I thought I’d save it as a surprise.”
Hamish chuckled. “And a surprise it’ll be, I hasnae doot.”
Stopping to pick up his knapsack, the bent little man walked over to a wooden door. From a hook on the wall he took down what looked like a night watchman’s truncheon.
“Ah’ll just be a moment. Ah needs tae make sure the burdies are all set.” He said it with a wink at the professor, which looked odd given he only had one eye to wink with. Then he turned and disappeared through the door.
“I can’t understand a word he’s saying,” said Joe.
“It is all just part and parcel, Joe, of the unique charm that is Hamish.”
The sound of colourful Scottish cursing could be heard from the next room.
“Err…Captain?” 
“Hmm?”
“How did Hamish lose his arm?”
“Well, now there’s a question, Joe, and it’s one that I, too, have often wondered.” The professor pursed his lips and looked, for a moment, just like a professor. “You know, a lot of people would think that working with large, dangerous and unpredictable animals could easily result in the loss of a limb or two. But I wasn’t so sure, so I asked Hamish myself. Do you know what he told me?”
Joe shook his head.
“He did it one morning while he was shaving – insists upon it. That and the scars too. Very unsteady hand with a razor, so he says.”
Perhaps it was because he was getting to know the professor a little better, or perhaps he was just becoming a whole lot more cynical, but Joe had half expected a crazy answer and was ready for it. 
“And what do you think?” he asked.
“What do I think…? Well, I think Hamish is the best griffon trainer I’ve ever known. And you don’t get to be an old griffon trainer by being bad at it, especially if you only have one arm.”
Just then a shriek to rival the best horror movie woman-in-terror scream of all time erupted from the stable next door. It blew past Joe’s very sensible capacity for reason and rational thought, and stabbed straight into that place that had made him sleep with the light on back when he’d been too young to realise that the monster’s growls were simply his dad snoring. He took an involuntary step backwards, away from the door.
“I disnae want no trouble outta ye, ye hear?” they heard Hamish’s muffled voice. “Not the noo! Ye’re the wee burdies and ah’m the one with the big stick!”
There was silence. 
“Aye, that’s more like it! Okie dokie, Cap’n, bring yerself and the lad on in.”
The professor turned to Joe with a smile. “Shall we?”
Joe could still feel the ice running through his veins. “What’s in there?”
“Griffons!” The professor grinned, swinging the door open.
“Is it safe?”
“I doubt it.” He motioned to Joe. “After you.”
Joe frowned. Why did he always seem to be the one who ended up being thrown to the lions, so to speak? And why was it that whenever there was the very real possibility of imminent death, that infuriating man wouldn’t stop grinning? He took a deep breath, tried to get his legs to start working again, and stepped through the doorway.
Inside, the stable was a lot bigger than any normal stable had any right to be. Huge, rough cut beams made up the bracing across the raised thatch roof. Large folding doors ran the length of one wall, opening to the fields outside. Apart from all the straw covering the ground, if they’d needed a spot to put an aeroplane for a while, the stable would have suited nicely. Of course, the reason for needing such a large, aircraft friendly place quickly became all too obvious. Lined up in front of them like winged and feathered beasts of prey from the plains of some fantastical Serengeti, stood three griffons.
And for the second time in as many days Joe found himself face-to-face with creatures that firstly shouldn’t exist, and secondly probably wouldn’t have thought twice about eating him.
They were astonishing, regal, absurd and wondrous, all at the same time. The head and forequarters of each animal were those of an eagle, covered in deep chocolate coloured feathers. The front two feet were eagle’s claws, ending in huge ‘tear the flesh from their prey’ talons. The body and hind quarters were those of a lion. The strong and supple curves extended to the bunched muscles of the hind legs, covered in a soft, tawny coloured fur.
They were also rather huge. Enormous in fact. Bigger than any dignified eagle or lion had any right to be. And folded neatly across their flanks were wings. Huge, magnificent wings that sprang from their shoulders, arched behind their heads and swept down the length of their bodies. They were covered in beautiful soft feathers, not white exactly, but more like the colour of a cloud when the moon is behind it.
Each of them watched Joe in a discomfortingly hungry way.
Hamish stood in front of them, his spindly legs planted firmly on the floor. He looked laughably small. The griffons could probably have knocked him over with a sneeze. But still, they seemed to show him a degree of respect that belied his tiny stature. When he pointed his truncheon at each of them in turn, they bowed their heads obediently.
He turned around to Joe and the professor with a big, almost toothless smile. “Ach, they isnae as bad as they look …weel…at first, anyroad. Would ye no like tae get yerself acquainted, like?”
“What would he do if they attacked?” Joe whispered. “I don’t think that club would be enough to stop them.”
“It’s more of a cudgel than a club, really. And it’s not intended for that. Hamish would never actually hit them. There’s not much point really, they’d probably just get annoyed. He uses it as a training tool. While he’s got it in his hand, he’ll have their attention.” 
“And that’s a good thing, right? Having their attention?”
“Sometimes.”
They sidled up beside Hamish. Joe tried to keep any sudden movements to a minimum. 
“Do they…um…do they ever eat…people?” he asked.
“Oh aye. They do thut.”
“Really?”
“Aye. But only when they’s hungry.”
“But they’re not hungry at the moment, right?” Joe felt he wanted to be sure on that point.
“No at the moment, noo. Ah gave them a guid big supper there nae more’n a week agoo.” Hamish’s wink wasn’t at all reassuring.
He turned back to the griffons and pointed the truncheon at each of them in turn.
“Noo ye three, these here are friends o’ oours, an I wants ye tae treat them right. I’ll nae have no trouble outa ye while they’re oour guests. Nae flying upside doon, or chasing after wee beasties while we’re aboot oour way, ye ken?” He gave the animals a fierce look. Each of them bowed their heads obediently. 
He turned back to Joe and the professor. “Weel now, ah guess the bairn’ll need an introduction, formal like. Come oon then lad, they’ll no take yer heid off while I’m with ye.”
The knobbly little man hobbled over to the first and smallest of the griffons. With a helpful prod in the back from the professor, Joe followed suit. 
As Hamish approached, the griffon bowed and lay down on the ground, like a dog lying on its haunches. Strapped to the animal’s back with a leather harness and half hidden beneath its folded wings was, to Joe’s surprise, the professor’s duffel bag.
“This burdie here’s Ruby.” Hamish reached up to give the griffon’s feathered neck a rough scratch. “She’s still a bit on the wee side but it won’t be long afore there’ll be nae stoppin’ her. She’ll be able tae hold her own.”
Under Hamish’s casual feather ruffle, Ruby closed her eyes and began to croon. For an animal that could have killed him, it seemed to be a very domesticated thing to do.
Hamish glanced at the professor. “Aye, wuzzut no three year agoo ye found her as a wee whelp, Cap’n? Up on Old Pinee Ridge? She’s grown intay her feathers. She’s noo the half-starved ball of nothin’ ye saved from the hand o’ fate.”
“Well, she certainly has grown.”
Joe peered up at the professor. “You found Ruby?”
The professor gave him a crooked smile. “In amongst my many heroic exploits.”
Hamish gave her another playful caress before turning to the next animal. It too bowed as he approached, laying down on the straw covered floor.
“And this wee angel…weel…isnae she the sweetest thing that ye ever saw?” He walked the length of the griffon and ran his hand across its plumage. “Daisy –  she’ll no give ye nae trooble. Ye and the Cap’n. Ye’ll both ride oon her and she’ll see ye right.”
He motioned for Joe to approach, which he did, although reluctantly.
“Daisy, it is my grrreat pleasure tae introduce ye tae Master Joseph.” He leaned a little closer to Joe and whispered, “They likes tae ken who they’s carrying oon they’s backs.”
It felt odd to do something with a griffon as civilised as formal introductions, but Joe wasn’t about to argue. He nodded his head. “How do you do?”
Daisy watched him unblinkingly.
“Ye can give her a scratch, if yer no tae shy. She doesnae mind a wee scratch oon the neck.”
Joe reached up and touched the rich, dark feathers. He felt the coarse outer layer give way to the fine down underneath. It was soft and warm, like sinking his hand into a pillow. He ran his hand down her neck, the plumage giving way to lion’s fur, changing from cotton balls to suede.
Daisy lowered her head and rubbed it hard against his shoulder, making him step back a pace. He’d sometimes seen horses do the same thing affectionately to cowboys in the old Westerns.
“Aye, she’s taken a fancy tae ye,” grinned Hamish. “Look at that, Cap’n. He’s a natural, oour wee Joseph is.”
Like Ruby, Daisy had a thin leather harness strapped across her back. It had a few extra handles along either side, right where you’d want them if, say, you happened to be flying upside down and had a vested interest in not falling off.
To Joe’s surprise, he heard the griffon start to croon.
“I think she likes you,” the professor said with a smile.
“Really?”
“Yep. Which, I guess, is lucky.”
“What do you mean?”
“With griffons it’s pretty simple – either they like you, or you’re prey. There doesn’t tend to be a lot of middle ground.”
It probably said something about Hamish’s state of mind that he’d give animals with such a simplistic view of friends and food, not to mention claws longer than Joe’s forearm, names like ‘Ruby’ and ‘Daisy’.
From behind them, the last griffon uttered a cavernous growl and shifted ponderously in the loose straw. The sound played like a violinist’s bow across Joe’s already stretched sense of panic.
Giving Hamish a quick sideways glance, he asked, “What’s that one called?”
“Ach, this great ugly monster over here?” 
Unlike the other two griffons, it didn’t lie down as Hamish approached. Instead it watching him with an unsettling intensity, holding itself with a noble and, admittedly, intimidating grace. Larger than both Daisy and Ruby, its feathers were however a lot less eye-catching. They weren’t necessarily unkempt, just sort of ‘well used’.
Hamish stood toe to toe with the monster, if not exactly eye to eye, and looked up into its granite expression.
“The spawn o’ Heel itself, this beastie is,” he said. “Ah calls this devil ‘Satan’, although even that name disnae doo him joostice. Does it no, ye great demon?” Hamish grinned madly, planted his feet apart and seemingly dared the griffon to move.
It didn’t budge.
“Why do you keep it if it’s evil?” Joe asked.
“Aye, that’s a good question. He isnae quite evil as such. Horrible, vile, disgoostin’ – aye, ah’ll grant ye those…but no quite evil. We’ve doon been in some terrrible places, Satan and ah. It was in the pit o’ Heel that ah found him, have nae doot. Since then he’s saved mah life more times’n I care tae remember…Noo, he’s no evil, just uncivilised, ye ken?”
Joe looked at the griffon, at the scars across its body and the missing talon on its left claw. It was an animal that knew how to look after itself. Now he understood why the wargs didn’t like coming near Little Boulder Creek.
“And he disnae take kindly tae strangers. So until ye gets better acquainted, ye’d do best tae mind yerself when he’s aroond.”
“Very sound advice,” the professor said with a grin. “And now that the introductions are out of the way, we really should get under way.”
“O’course, right ye are. The day’ll noo get younger.” Hamish strode over to where Joe stood. “Right then, up ye get, lad.”
“Onto Daisy?”
“Oh aye. It’s a wee bit tricksie the first time, but ye’ll get the hang o’ it.”
“Err…how?” There didn’t appear to be any handy step-ladders for him to climb up.
“The Cap’n’ll give ye a hand. A wee boostie and ye’ll be away. I’d help ye meself but…weel…ah appear to have lost an appendage.”
“Have you ever done any gymnastics, Joe?” the professor asked.
Joe shook his head.
“Well, we’ll try not to let that get in the way, won’t we?” He bent over and locked his hands together, offering them to Joe as a step up. “You may as well learn the rough way.”
“How about, just…a box?” Joe asked.
“Don’t worry, I’ve done this sort of thing before.”
Joe put his slippered foot into the professor’s hands and transferred his weight onto it. With a solid jerk the professor sent him into the air and Joe had a momentary sensation of being thrown clear across the griffon’s back. He managed, at the last moment, to grab the harness and stop himself.
With a grunt, the professor heaved himself onto Daisy’s back behind Joe.
“Ye’ll need tae show the lad how tae hold hiself ontae the burdie, Cap’n. We disnae want him falling off while we’re aboot.”
“Yes, good point. Thank you, Hamish,” the professor replied. “Right, do you see those handles?”
Joe nodded.
“Hang onto them like your life depends upon it.”
“Does it depend upon it?”
“Well, if you don’t, you’re likely to end up at the wrong end of a thousand foot drop – at least for a little while.” He turned to Hamish. “Okay, Hamish, job done. Let’s taxi to the runway.”
“Right ye are, Cap’n.”
With an agility that belied his apparent age, Hamish leapt onto Satan’s back.
“Weel, here we goo. Come on wi’ ye then, ye great streak o’ unpleasantness.”
He patted Satan on the neck. The animal lumbered to his feet and stalked silently out of the stable, with Daisy and Ruby in tow.
“Captain?” Joe craned his head around to speak. “You still haven’t told me where we’re going.”
“I didn’t want to spoil the surprise.”
“So…where are we going?”
“To see a friend and to repay a debt.” 
Well, at least it was something. So far, the professor had been nothing but evasive. Now he was being evasive and vague.
They trotted across to the top of an open field, following closely behind Satan.
“Is Daisy going to fly us there?”
After a pause, the professor said, “Well…almost.”
“Almost?”
“Griffons don’t just look like lions, Joe, they really are lions, even if it’s only the back half. So, if you’re looking for something that can hide itself in long grass, run like mad and bring down a gazelle, then a lion will do. But, if you want something that’s a bit less pouncy, and can carry you further than the nearest serving of antelope…well, then you’ve got to find yourself a wildebeest.”
Daisy’s pace increased to an easy gallop. The wind began to rush past Joe’s face. In front of them Satan was galloping down the incline, the tiny figure of Hamish hunched on his back. As Joe watched, the griffon spread his enormous wings and beat them against the air. Slowly he began to lift off the ground, his legs continuing for a moment to gallop in the air beneath him as he rose skyward.
And in that moment, Joe decided it was quite simply the most majestic thing he’d ever seen. Satan lifting gradually into the sky was an act of nature itself, awe inspiring and unstoppable, like an ice shelf tumbling into the sea, or storm clouds rolling across a mountain peak.
Daisy spread her own wings, beating them against the air just as Satan had. The steady rocking of her gallop continued unbroken until, with a powerful down beat, it stopped. Joe could still feel the movement of her shoulders as she continued to gallop, but her feet were no longer touching the ground.
He watched the ground drop away with that breath-taking sensation of weightlessness, like he’d swung too high on a playground swing. He held on with grinning, white knuckled exhilaration.
Rooftops passed effortlessly below them as they banked over the little town. Joe could easily make out Trotter’s End, rising above the roofline of the other buildings, with the boar’s head still decorating the front door.
He huddled into Daisy’s feathers, keeping his face out of the whirlwind that had engulfed them. When he turned to look behind, watching as the town dropped gradually away, he saw Ruby following a little below and to their left. When she spotted him watching, she pulled her wings into a smooth corkscrew and executed a perfect barrel roll.
“YOUTH!” cried the professor, glancing back at Ruby. “YOUNG PEOPLE HAVE TOO MUCH ENERGY!”
“YOU DON’T SEE ME DOING ANY BARREL ROLLS!” Joe shouted.
“WELL – NOT YET.”
A blast of wind whipped Joe’s hair across his forehead as he looked forward towards the mountains. They towered over the griffons like enormous stone sentinels – giants, standing shoulder to shoulder, who’d grown old and grey together. 
Steep valleys, covered in fir and spruce trees, stretched away into the mountains’ depths. Rocky outcrops jutted into the sky at disjointed angles. Here and there, solitary waterfalls cascaded into the open before tumbling onto misty rocks below.
It made Joe think, oddly enough, about phobias. In particular agoraphobia. It wasn’t one of the silly ones, like ‘hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia’ – fear of long words; or ‘arachibutyrophobia’ – fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth. Agoraphobia meant being afraid of open spaces.
As they flew into the depths of the mountains, with sheer cliffs sliding silently past, Joe began to wonder if perhaps those crazy agoraphobics weren’t onto something. The world had suddenly gotten a lot bigger, even for a world that shouldn’t exist, and he found himself feeling a lot smaller.
But instead of being scared, he was giddy with excitement. And although it made his eyes water, he lifted his head and watched as they raced the wind, the tears streaming across his face.

Chapter 8

Two Small Children

Two small children, a girl and a boy, stood at the base of Desolation Spire. But it wasn’t all that desolate. It was really quite pretty. There were daisies.
The children were about six years old, although they weren’t really sure. No one much cared for calendars in Monterey. Measuring time by the season was about as accurate as it got. So they could have been six, but then again, they could have still been five. The important thing was that they were both the same age because, as a matter of fact, they were twins.
Before them was a cave. But not a dark, scary cave. It had a soft, welcoming light, and perhaps a hint of incense. Still, the children knew it was a dragon’s lair, and now everyone else knew as well. That’s why the knights were on their way, because a dragon had moved in.
“But we promised we wouldn’t.” The little girl’s voice was pleading.
“We have to do something,” replied the boy. “It’s my fault.”
“It’s not your fault. He said you weren’t to blame. And we promised.”
The children stood there for a long time. Finally, with bees humming and the occasional butterfly effecting its way past, they turned and made their way through the daisies back down the mountain.

Chapter 9

Ettins

Joe’s level of excited enthusiasm didn’t wane as their little troop flew through the morning. The valley walls and gorges filled the world, seemingly carved by a colossal ice cream scoop, and relentlessly led deeper into the mountains. Occasionally they crossed jagged ravines or passed over stretches of flat tableland, but the griffons kept their direction steady – always upward.
They rested for a time on the rocky shore of a fjord filled with dark, still water that reflected the sky. Joe watched in fascination as the griffons bathed themselves by the water’s edge. Standing knee deep they dipped their heads below the surface then burst upright in a shower of droplets and ruffled feathers, sending misty clouds shot through with rainbows drifting out across the lake.
As they continued upwards into the mountains the spruce and fir trees gave way to heather and gorse. The terrain became less picturesque and more severe, more serious.
Finally the griffons banked into a shallow, descending dive and, with a furious beating of wings, landed on a jagged ledge of rock. They were perched high up on the side of one of the peaks. 
Hamish dismounted and trotted over to where Daisy sat. “Ah’m sorry Cap’n, but ah cannae take ye further. It’s droogin country up here. The burdies are getting a wee bit nervous.”
“That’s all right Hamish,” the professor said as he helped Joe down.
“Ah’d like tae take ye t’ whole way, but ye ken what they’re like aroond bigger burdies. They gets uneasy. Are ye going tae be jimmy with the great, hairy apes?”
“I daresay Joseph and I will manage, but thank you for asking,” replied the professor as he scanned the skyline.
“Aye, ah’m sure ye will.”
As Hamish began to undo the harness bindings and wrestle with the professor’s duffel bag, Joe asked, “Great hairy apes?”
“Apes, my boy. Big and hairy.”
“Are we going to the zoo?”
“Not exactly. Do you know what an ‘ettin’ is?”
“Isn’t it like a giant?”
“More or less. A very stupid giant. Which is unusual because they actually have two heads. I would have thought anything with an extra head would be pretty good in the thinking department, but there you go.”
“And they live in the mountains, right?”
The professor nodded.
Joe felt his stomach sink. “And they don’t like people, do they?”
“Well…in a way. A little variation in one’s diet is always nice, I suppose.”
Neither of them said anything for a few moments. Joe didn’t much like the direction the conversation was taking.
“Anyway, that’s why people tend to stay out of these parts. Well, mostly because of that.”
“So why are we here?”
“To find our wildebeest.”
The sound of colourful Scottish cursing followed the ‘clunk’ of the professor’s bag depositing itself on the ground.
“Thank you kindly good sir,” said the professor.
“Ach, nae more of that noo, ye ken ye’re welcome.”
“Thank you, Hamish,” Joe said. “For everything.”
“Ye’re a wee clever lad, Master Joseph. Dinnae doot it. Take care o’ yerself and dinnae let yon Cap’n get ye kilt!”
Joe looked at the professor who gave him a reassuring nod. 
“If at all possible, I will endeavour to avoid getting Joe killed,” he said. 
“I has nae doot ye will, Cap’n. Good luck tae the both o’ ye. Ah’ll tell the folks back home tae expect another visit anytime soon.”
With that he strode across to Satan, leapt onto his back and, with a roar of wings and flying dust, the three griffons leapt into the air and began their downhill ride back to Little Boulder Creek.
Joe watched them wing their way into the distance and half wished he was going with them.
“Not really something you get a chance to see back at St. George’s, is it?” the professor asked.
“No, not really,” sighed Joe. “Although Mr Schoenstein has a stuffed bird in his biology class.”
“The similarities are astounding. Come on, give me a hand with this bag. We’ve still got a way to go.”
The bag was, unfortunately, still as heavy as Joe remembered. They picked it up between the two of them. Thus, with a familiar ease and an unwillingness to ask the same old recurring question, Joe found himself yet again following the professor into the unknown.
They marched along the mountainside, following trails that dipped and turned, and sometimes simply disappeared altogether. They climbed over, around and, in one case, under boulders that appeared to have been hurled onto the mountain by angry gods. Eventually, however, after said trails had more than once tried their best to throw them both to their deaths with unexpected foot slips and rock slides, they stumbled onto a small but comfortingly solid plateau.
As you might imagine, the view was rather impressive.
“Ahh, this mountain air is certainly refreshing, isn’t it?” the professor said as he massaged a cramp from his shoulder. “There’s nothing like a nice morning mountain hike.”
“Is that what we’re doing?” asked Joe as he plonked himself onto a stool sized rock. “Hiking?”
“Naturally, with a few exceptions. For one thing, I’m not wearing my regulation mountaineering boots.”
“And we were dropped off by griffons instead of a tour bus.”
The professor smirked. “But hopefully, if our luck holds out, we’ll be at base camp with our feet up and a pot of tea on the boil in no time.”
“Base camp?” Joe asked. “Where’s that?”
The professor pointed. “Yonder, my boy. Home sweet home.” 
There, set in the side of the mountain, was the gaping entrance to a cave. It looked like the mountain had decided to yawn and hadn’t bothered to cover its mouth. Unlike the pleasant ‘butterflies and flowers’ appearance of some other caves, this one looked ominous. It had bones scattered about the place. It was definitely a cave from the wrong side of the tracks.
“That’s where we’re going?” asked Joe.
“Ah huh. But I’m afraid there’s a few more obstacles we need to get past first, and unfortunately they’re rather big ones.” 
When he saw Joe’s puzzled look, he silently pointed down towards a rock ledge some distance away. Joe took a closer look and realised what he had originally mistaken for four huge, oddly shaped, moss covered boulders weren’t boulders at all. They were giants. Great big, shaggy, nasty looking, boulder coloured, two headed giants…Ettins.
They looked scary, they even had tusks. 
Just sitting…waiting…
“They look a little different to what I imagined,” Joe said.
“Just be thankful you haven’t seen them up close. They smell worse than they look, which doesn’t do a whole lot for their interpersonal skills. Then again, eating people doesn’t really make them very endearing either, I guess.”
“Do you think they’ve seen us?”
“No. But if we want to go any further, we’ll need to get past them.”
“So what are we going to do?” Joe asked.
The professor scanned the skyline and smiled in an uncomforting way. “Improvise. First, let’s take stock. What do you have that we could use in the event of an impromptu ettin attack?”
“An ettin attack?”
“Humour me.”
Joe had a quick search through his pockets. Apart from Lumiera, which was reassuringly secured under his dressing gown, the only item he possessed was his book of Tennyson. 
“I’ve got a magic sword and a book of poetry.” It didn’t sound like much, even to him.
“Ettins, as a rule, don’t tend to appreciate the finer arts, so poetry probably isn’t going to impress them. You’d better stick with the sword.” The professor looked about their surroundings. “But unfortunately, even a sword isn’t going to help very much. What we need is something that’ll buy us some time.” 
He walked across to where the outcrop met the mountain wall. There were a lot of rocks. He picked one up. 
“Schist,” he said, turning it around in his hand. “A metamorphic rock. It’s probably been fried and pummelled for millions of years down there in that great big pressure cooker before it finally arrived here. If you look closely you can see the little crystals in it.” He showed the rock to Joe. “And do you know what the most relevant characteristic of this rock to our own particular situation is?”
Joe shook his head.
“It’s good for throwing.”
“We’re going to throw rocks at them?”
“Well, only if we have to.”
“And I assume they won’t appreciate having rocks bounced off their heads?”
“Does anyone?”
Joe was silent for a moment. “I don’t think you’re living up to the spirit of Hamish’s farewell, Captain.”
“In what sense?”
“You’re going to get us both killed.”
“Eaten alive…hit by a bus…there’s risk in everything, my boy. At least with ettins you don’t have to worry about what suit to wear to your own funeral.”
“Great.” Joe sighed. “I hope I give them all indigestion.”
“Come on.” The professor pointed towards the ledge. “Gather as many as you can and make a pile out here. This’ll be the best spot to mount our defence.”
Joe gave him a look. “Are you sure about this, Captain?”
“Trust me.”
Together they began collecting rocks. Lots of rocks. Before long they had a nice pile, all about the right size. Finally, the professor tipped his last armful onto the pile and stood up to stretch his back. He glanced down at the ettins as Joe added his own rocks.
“Okay, I think we’re about ready. When they start coming, aim at their heads, okay?” The professor tapped his index finger against the bridge of his nose. “Right between their eyes.”
“Do we really want to do this, Captain? I mean, can’t we just wait until they leave?”
“Normally, Joe, I’d say yes. The best way to win any battle is not to fight at all, but unfortunately we don’t have that luxury. Time is a factor here.”
He rummaged around in his bag and emerged holding the bull horn.
“Let me guess,” said Joe, “you’re going to blow that thing and let them all know exactly where we are, aren’t you?”
“That, my dear boy, is the plan.”
Joe shook his head and bent to pick up two nice sized rocks. “Wouldn’t it be better to not let them know we’re here?”
“Hopefully the ettins won’t be the only ones listening,” replied the professor with a touch of mystery and a raised eyebrow.
Joe frowned. “Who – ” but before he could finish the question, the professor put the horn to his lips and drowned him out with a blast of sound. The single, overpowering note thumped into him, knocking the wind out of him and making his teeth vibrate, just as it had when they’d been at Banshee’s Peak. He was showered in dislodged pebbles as bits of shale began bouncing and skittering down the mountainside.
Joe watched in a sort of detached fascination as the horn call reached the ettins. The four hairy Neanderthals lumbered to their feet and looked about in surprise. Because of the jumble of echoes that the mountain valleys were throwing, the ettins weren’t able to pinpoint where the sound had come from, even with two heads listening. Thank goodness for small mercies, Joe thought. 
Perhaps that was the professor’s plan all along. He’d rouse them into action so they’d go off hunting in, hopefully, the wrong direction. Then he and the professor would be able to sneak past unnoticed. It sounded a little risky, but then again, compared to sailing headlong into a pack of wargs, it should be a walk in the park. But before Joe could tell the professor he thought the plan was working, a second blast knocked the wind from him once again. It was, if anything, even louder than the first. He swung around to look at the professor. 
“Wha – ” but the words were lost in the wail of the horn.
He looked back down towards the ettins. All four of them were now standing, staring directly at the little rock ledge. One of them was pointing. He could see their faces, squinting to make out the tiny humans. Their mouths twisted into masks of glee as they threw their heads back and howled into the air. 
A third, nerve tingling horn call reverberated its way across the mountain, but the ettins paid it little attention. They were already loping towards the plateau, fighting with each other to be the first to reach the humans.
The professor put the horn down and walked over to stand beside Joe. 
“I think you got their attention, Captain.”
“Yes, they seem quite excited, don’t they?” The professor peered down at the activity below. “They’re probably hungry.” 
He bent and picked up two rocks from the pile.
“So…” Joe’s hands had begun to quietly tremble. “What are we hoping for here? A miracle?”
The professor glanced up into the empty sky. “Something like that. But we’d better stay ready, just in case our miracle is late.”
Watching the ettins claw their way up the mountainside, Joe felt himself go numb. It wasn’t like watching a scary movie because, let’s face it, at the end of the movie you’ll still be sitting on your friend’s couch with an empty bowl of popcorn, perfectly safe. What Joe felt was the knowledge he was going to die, and not as a withered old pensioner as perhaps he had hoped. He guessed it may have been something akin to the way the last meatball in a bowl of spaghetti might have felt on pasta night at the Meat-lover’s Anonymous Tuesday night social.
“Don’t start throwing your rocks until I give the word.” The professor hadn’t bothered to make a joke, which was a bad sign. “And don’t be afraid to pull that sword if they get too close.”
The ettins roared at each other as they charged up the slope. The steep incline and the loose shale slowed them down a little, but not much.
“Make sure you aim straight, and put your weight behind each throw. Don’t let them get a hand on you.”
“What if they do?”
The professor’s look was serious. “Don’t let them.”
The ettins reached the base of the rock outcrop and paused for a moment to look up at the little humans, their breath coming in great raking gulps. They were close enough for Joe to see the look of glee in the giant’s bulbous, bloodshot eyes. Just like children, he thought, expecting sweets. He could even smell the reek of their bodies, like the stench of long dead road kill. 
With a cool and reassuring purpose, the professor turned side on to the great hairy creatures. He reached his arm back, behind his body and above his head, and with the grace of a World Series baseball pitcher, let fly with his first rock. He pegged it straight at the first ettin, at one of its grinning heads. It flew fast, straight and hard, and hit the monster square between the eyes – well, at least, between one set of eyes – hard enough to make Joe wince. Its expression passed slowly from glee to surprise, taking rather longer than a moment for the shock to register. Then, with a howl of pain and hands clutched to its forehead, it fell backwards. It knocked over the two ettins standing behind it and all three tumbled back down the mountainside in a tangle of arms, legs and heads.
The fourth ettin was left standing by itself at the base of the outcrop. It gawped down at its struggling companions in apparent bewilderment. Then it too let out a grunt of surprise as a rock bounced off one of its heads.
“Let ‘em have it, Joe.” The professor bent down to pick up another two rocks.
Joe opened fire. He aimed at the single remaining creature, which was now hunched down with its arms raised to protect its heads. The other three ettins were still trying to disentangle themselves further down the slope.
Joe’s first rock flew embarrassingly wide and clattered fruitlessly down the rocky slope. Understandably, it had been a bit of an excited throw. He concentrated harder on the second throw, gave it a little less enthusiasm and a bit more precision, and had more success. It glanced painfully off the ettin’s left elbow. The monster let out a startled shriek, clutched its wound and took a step backwards. It was obvious none of them had expected their soon-to-be-food to fight back.
The other ettins, having finally unravel themselves, were on their feet again heading back up the slope. A carefully aimed rock from Joe caught the lead monster on the knee and made it stumble. 
“Nice shot.” The professor gave him a grin, before heaving another rock himself.
“Not really – I was aiming for its groin.”
Under the barrage the ettins stopped advancing and began, instead, trying to take cover behind one another. There were howls of pain and rage as the professor and Joe found their mark. If they had simply rushed the plateau, the pair wouldn’t have stood a chance. After all, there was only so much you could do with a rock, no matter what David and Goliath might say. But the ettins weren’t very smart. Instead of charging forward as a group and ignoring the painful, but otherwise insignificant, cuts and bruises, they curiously insisted on randomly choosing and pushing forward one of their number to make rather heroic, individual attempts on the stronghold.
This gave Joe and the professor the opportunity to concentrate their fire on a single target. Fortunately, after edging slowly up the slope and fending off rocks as best they could, the ettins inevitably turned tail and retreated to lick their wounds.
However, even with luck and a good throwing arm on their side, Joe and the professor weren’t going to be able to hold the creatures off forever. Besides, they had another more pressing problem.
“Captain, we’re running out of rocks!” There were only about a dozen left.
“Yes, I know. Make each one count, Joe.”
Perhaps it was because of the pair’s hesitation, or perhaps because they had finally figured some tasty human kebabs were worth a few cuts and bruises, but for whatever reason the ettins renewed their attack with a worrying single-mindedness. Snarling and growling, they advanced as a group up the slope towards the outcrop.
Joe made sure each rock he threw found its mark. He bounced three off the heads and shoulders of the lead ettin and caught another right in the stomach. But they kept advancing regardless. Then, with a feeling of dread, Joe watched the professor pick up the last two rocks. He held only one himself. He wasn’t sure what the professor had been hoping for, but he figured getting eaten by ettins shouldn’t have been part of the plan. Unfortunately, with only three rocks left between them and an ettin sandwich, it seemed perhaps the professor’s plans had gone a little awry.
Joe let loose his last, solitary rock. The ettin was so close he couldn’t help but hit his mark. The rock struck the monster square in the mouth, causing it to blanch away and howl with pain, spitting blood and a chipped tooth onto the ground. Another ettin pushed past and made a rush for the outcrop. Joe glanced at the professor and saw he was down to his last rock. There was nothing else for it, he reached under his dressing gown and grabbed Lumiera’s handle. It was warm to the touch…and tingled.
He jerked the sword out of its scabbard, hoping to look as intimidating as possible, and was startled by what he saw. The runes on the blade were awash with blue light. But as astonishing as that was, what was even more surprising was the way the runes were refusing to stay in the one place. They were instead swimming angrily back and forth along the blade. 
Then the situation got a bit busy. A few things happened all at once. 
The closest of the ettins decided a flashy sword wasn’t going to keep it from a tasty mouthful of human tartare, and reached out a hand to grab Joe.
A cloud passed momentarily in front of the sun.
All of the ettins looked up.
The professor threw his last rock.
Joe swung Lumiera with an exciting ‘swoosh’ sound.
And at the back of his mind, in that little area that always watches and listens but tends to get ignored when things get exciting, Joe heard a sound. Something like the sound your hand might make if you ran it quickly over a silk sheet.
Then it hit. Something huge and black, with teeth and claws. Like a rampaging Godzilla on an unsuspecting Tokyo, it soared down out of the sky and hit the ground so hard the mountainside shook. It landed just below the plateau, black scales glittering in the sun, with enormous, leathery wings swept back behind its body. Industrial strength talons tore at the rocks, ripping boulders from where they lay and sending them tumbling down the mountain. With a primeval fury, it lifted its head towards the sky and let out a terrifying roar.
Joe could feel the panic rising inside of him. Without realising it, he’d already backed a few steps away from the ledge, mouth open, with Lumiera dangling at his side. But there was still that nagging little area of his mind. It noticed something else, something that didn’t quite make sense. For all the roaring, rock sundering and general nightmarish appearance of the beast, it hadn’t actually killed anything. As soon as they’d seen it, the ettins had forgotten all about their human snacks and instead turned tail and fled. Joe could still hear their shrieks. The puzzling thing was, why hadn’t the thing given chase? It hadn’t even bothered to turn its attention to Joe and the professor. It simply kept bellowing and tearing at the rocks.
Joe turned to the professor. “Captain?”
“Hmmm?” The professor was watching the beast with a bemused expression.
“It’s…it’s a dragon, isn’t it?”
“Technically yes, but not much of one.”
It was a dragon. But when the ettins had finally disappeared it did about the last thing Joe would have expected a dragon to do. It stopped roaring and tearing at the rocks, closed its eyes, let out a sigh and rolled slowly onto its back. It opened one enormous eye and focussed on Joe and the professor. 
In a voice like thunder, it said, “Oh, Captain…I’m getting too old for this.”

Chapter 10

A Knight’s Quest

Thirty men on horseback, riding two abreast, wound along a rocky mountain path. The armour didn't gleam so brightly anymore, in places it was smeared with dirt. The horses didn't jitter with excitement, they plodded. It's interesting to see what a month of hard riding through the mountains can do to man and beast. Shoulders droop, heads sag, people and animals start to get…well…irritable. No one likes to be on the road for too long.
It certainly doesn't help when the rain sets in and it seems that everything in the world is soggy. That's when little rows start to break out. Not rows over things deserving of a good row, like, “Hey, you're using my toothbrush!” but over trivial things, like, “Your horse keeps trying to bite me.”
It may have indeed been a difficult situation for thirty men to find themselves in…at least, that is, for normal men. But these weren't any normal men, they were Knights of the Order of Peregrine. They were accustomed to hardship, struggle and toil. They were trained for it. They revelled in adversity. They were the shining light of a good deed in a weary world. 
Still, everyone breathed a sigh of relief when they rounded a bend and the little kingdom of Monterey came into sight. In the evening twilight the knights could see lights begin to glow in the town windows. The promise of a hot meal and a warm bed banished thoughts of another night spent shivering in wet blankets, and everyone perked up, horses included. Things were looking up, even if they did have a dragon to deal with.

Chapter 11

The Edge of the World

His name was Floyd, which was about as good a name for a dragon as any. It certainly stopped people from jumping to the hasty conclusions that names like ‘Death Claw’ and ‘Terror From Above’ and ‘Puff’ tend to cause. He carried the professor’s bag quite skilfully with his tail as the three of them strolled along the now ettin free mountain trails, back towards his lair. 
Joe realised he wasn’t quite the fear inspiring horror he’d seemed when descending upon them from the heavens. Of course, credit where credit was due, he was still an impressive sight. After all, he was still a dragon. With teeth that glinted a promise of interesting things to come, and a body covered in armour that would make a rhinoceros blush, he was definitely intimidating.
But there was no denying it, the midnight black scales had faded here and there with streaks of grey, especially around the snout. He also walked with the unhurried, careful movements of someone who has grown too old to care what other people think, and who knows if he swaggers the way he did when he was younger his joints will complain for a week.
Still, it felt strange walking shoulder to ankle with a dragon.
“You don’t think,” said the professor conversationally, “that perhaps you were leaving your ‘rescue’ a tiny bit late?”
“Timing, my dear Captain, has always been one of my greatest strengths.” Floyd grinned, which was an attention-grabbing thing for a dragon to do.
“Another minute or two and we would have been ettin stir fry.”
“Well, I had to make my entrance. You know how important a good entrance is.”
“I do, I do. However, I myself, as you may know, prefer to err on the side of caution.”
“Do you?” Floyd seemed surprised.
The professor nodded. “Of course.”
“Even that time off the coast of Blix? With the giant octopus and the…err…how did you describe them? ‘Ladies’?”
The professor looked uncomfortable. “Well…”
“Yes, they turned out to be mermaids, didn’t they?”
“I’ve already told you,” argued the professor with a boyish look of innocence, “from a distance they looked like innocent women in peril for their lives.”
“And the octopus wasn’t actually attacking them at all, was it? They were, in truth, hunting it for their dinner, were they not?”
The professor rolled his eyes.
“And you, if I am not mistaken, bursting at the seams with your intention to ‘err on the side of caution’, dove into the water with nothing more than a knife between your teeth and an empty bottle of rum. Isn’t that right?”
“Well, there was more to it than that. It was a tricky situation…”
“Your damsels in distress had to drag you back to the shore and, from what I’ve heard, left you snoring under a tree.”
“Yes, well, perhaps that wasn’t the best example.” The professor gave them a sideways grin. “And I lost my best knife.”
“Anyway,” continued Floyd, “I thought my rescue looked rather good. You might not have noticed but I did a double somersault with a half twist into a pike position. That’s not easy, you know. It takes some practice.”
“Perhaps you missed your calling,” the professor suggested sardonically.
“Well, now you mention it, I did try out for the platform diving team. But they said I didn’t have the right attitude – not fierce enough, apparently.”
“Yes, I’ve heard it can get quite competitive.”
“Besides, I’ve always had trouble finding the right sized bathing suit.”
Joe was still a bit surprised by the familiar banter between Floyd and the professor. Even after being formally introduced, he couldn’t help but feel a touch overawed by the mythological fable strolling along beside him.
“Err…um…”
“Please, Joe, call me Floyd.” The voice was all bass. Joe could feel the ground vibrate.
“Err…yes, sorry…Floyd. Um…I was just wondering if you would have…I mean, with the ettins. If they hadn’t run away…would you have…you know, killed them?” 
“Good Lord, no! Why would I do that?”
“Well…because they’re ettins?”
“That’s true. Not very friendly, I admit. But they do a good job of keeping away the door to door salesmen.” He gave Joe a wink. “Besides, I can never get them out from between my claws. I have to soak my feet for days just to get rid of the smell.”
Joe smiled. He was beginning to enjoy Floyd’s rather unique character. The dragon definitely wasn’t the ‘death and destruction visited upon the villagers’ type he might have expected.
They headed up the mountainside towards Floyd’s cave. It wasn’t a particularly difficult climb, especially with Floyd doing the honours as luggage boy, but things weren’t helped by the dragon accidentally dislodging rocks with his claws. Joe and the professor had to dodge various airborne, tumbling boulders before they finally lost their patience and made him follow behind.
The cave itself, as Joe had noticed from the plateau, looked quite foreboding. It had debris scattered around the place. The sorts of things that might be typical of a dragon’s lair – bleached bones, rusted suits of armour, broken swords, that sort of thing.
“I see you’ve been keeping the front yard as tidy as ever,” commented the professor.
“I’ve added a few broken lances over there near the scorched rock garden. Did you notice?”
“Very nice.”
There was even an old suit of armour still sitting on the skeleton of a horse.
“It’s just for appearances,” Floyd chuckled, noticing Joe’s look of surprise. “It’s my own little white picket fence.”
“Did you eat any of the people in those suits of armour?” Joe asked.
“Ah, actually, no. I’m not much of a one for that sort of thing. I’m a rather fussy eater. I tend to pick them up at second hand sales. You know, it’s amazing what people are willing to practically give away.”
“Well,” Joe mused, “I guess it does give the place a certain character.”
“Exactly. Otherwise, how are people going to know a dragon lives here?”
Inside, the cave couldn’t have been more different. It didn’t look like the inside of a cave at all. For starters, there weren’t any stalactites or stalagmites. The ceiling had high arched gables sitting atop smoothly cut sandstone walls. Set in sconces at regular intervals along the wall were small, innocent looking balls of yellow light, glowing happily to themselves and filling the cave with a soft, welcoming ambience. 
To add a finishing touch, the floor was made entirely from –
“Marble?” Joe frowned.
“Do you like it?” asked Floyd.
“But…well…I thought dragons’ lairs were meant to be dark and scary.”
“Myself, I prefer the creature comforts. All that doom and gloom is just too depressing.”
From the entrance, the lair widened out into a huge, Roman temple of a room. Carved stone columns rose from the floor and were lost in the darkness of the ceiling. Shafts of light shot down from far above them, spotlighting circles onto the floor and making motes of dust sparkle and dance in the air. Joe even noticed paintings and tapestries on the walls, not to mention a few statues – one in particular which looked suspiciously like Da Vinci’s ‘David’. The whole thing seemed very European.
“I see you’ve put in some new skylights,” said the professor.
“Yes. I had the dwarves in a little while ago. It adds a touch of style, I think. The place was beginning to look too much like a mausoleum.”
“Dwarves, huh? Pricey?”
“They charged a wing and a leg, but as they say if you want good work you have to pay for it. Besides, I thought it might be nice for when I have visitors.”
“Ah, yes.” The professor smiled. “As a dragon, hospitality has always been one of your virtues.”
“Well, thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
Floyd padded his way towards the far corner of the room where a huge hearth was set into the wall, complete with open fire. In front of the fire was a small, wooden tea table and two exceptionally comfortable looking armchairs. Floyd deposited the professor’s bag beside the hearth, then settled himself onto the floor. Joe sank thankfully into one of the armchairs. After the excitement of the morning, he imagined himself quite easily putting his feet up and dozing off.
The professor began tinkering with a silver tea set sitting on the table. 
“I believe what is required here is some refreshment,” he said, handing Joe a delicately crafted, porcelain cup.
“Your favourite, English Breakfast – if I’m not mistaken, Captain?” Floyd rumbled.
“Ah, you know me too well, my friend.” The professor relaxed into his chair with a sigh.
For a few moments all three were silent while the professor and Joe enjoyed their tea. The fire crackled and spat as the firelight flickered and dust fairies continued to dance around them. Joe wondered if perhaps the stories he’d heard about dragons might have been just a little bit embellished.
Finally the professor leaned forward in his chair, looked across at Floyd and said, “Well, I guess we should get down to business, shouldn’t we?”
“You mean you didn’t just call in for a chat?”
“Unfortunately, my large and petulant friend, other concerns beckon. What do you know about what’s happening in Monterey?”
Floyd was silent for a moment. “Well, I have heard some things.”
“Rumours are a dragon has moved into town,” said the professor.
Floyd nodded. “But I don’t know the dragon. The talk is it came down from the north. No one’s exactly sure about the ‘who’ or ‘where’ though.”
The professor placed his empty cup back onto the table. “The Knights have been called.”
Floyd was silent.
“I’m not sure they’ll handle the situation with the… diplomacy it may require,” said the professor.
“Hmmm…” Floyd scratched his chin with an elongated claw. “I guess our next stop is Monterey then.”
The professor nodded. “And if we’re going to get there in time we’ll have to leave shortly.”
Floyd sighed. “Why is it whenever I see you it’s always ‘rush here’ and ‘fly there’? Why don’t you ever just show up for a nice peaceful holiday? Maybe a spot of fishing?”
“You don’t like fish.”
“That’s not the point.”
“Next time, I promise. As for now, I assume you still have all the flying gear?”
“It’s in the back. Along with your broken promises and my dreams of a quiet and uneventful retirement.”
“Quiet and uneventful? What would you do without me to give your life a little excitement?”
“Well ‘relaxing’ comes to mind.”
A small alcove at the back of the chamber turned out to be a room, partially hidden in the dark. The light was subdued, giving the impression the room was actually just a shadowy corner. In contrast to the rest of the lair, it seemed to be the dragon equivalent of a dusty attic.
“It’s towards the back,” called Floyd helpfully. “In with all the board games.”
The professor disappeared amongst piles of wooden boxes and canvas sheets. He emerged, sneezing, dragging behind him what looked like a large leather net. 
“Try to guess what this is,” he said, holding it up to show Joe.
“A harness?” Joe tried.
“The boy’s a genius!” The professor dragged the net across the floor towards Floyd. “Now bend down, you embarrassment to the term ‘monster’, and let me get this thing on you. Joe, can you take a look in the back there and see if you can find a couple of long coats. There should be some hats and gloves too.”
Joe began rummaging. There were mostly empty boxes and crates, stacked in the standard ‘I’ll just put this here and do something with it later’ fashion. He eventually found the coats, folded neatly with, surprisingly, moth balls, in a wooden box at the back of the room. They were big sheepskin jackets that ran full length from neck to ankle, and if they’d looked any warmer they’d probably still have been wandering around in a field somewhere.
He managed to find the hats and gloves as well. All made from the same sheepskin. Although technically the gloves were ‘mitts’. They looked like something you’d use to take the roast out of the oven, only without the flowers.
When he returned, the professor was doing up the last buckles on the harness.
“Ah, there they are,” said the professor, taking a coat from Joe. “Essential items for an afternoon outing by dragon.”
Joe held his coat before him. “Why? We didn’t need them while we were riding Daisy.”
“Altitude, my boy. Altitude. Griffons fly low and fast. The only thing you need to worry about with griffons is getting bugs stuck between your teeth. Dragons on the other hand…well…” he threw the jacket across his shoulders with a flourish, “up where it gets frosty, even a nice warm dressing gown and a pair of slippers aren’t going to get you very far. That’s why we wear these.” He pulled on the hat and folded the ear flaps down. “How do I look?”
“Very warm,” Joe ventured.
“Yes, well you’ll appreciate it a lot more when we’re a few thousand feet in the air. Now give me a hand with this bag.”
With Floyd’s help they managed to manhandle the professor’s bag onto the dragon’s back. The professor buckled it onto the harness, just forward of the wings, then he and Joe climbed aboard. 
“Are we all set then?” Floyd asked.
“Did you remember to turn off all the taps and light switches?” the professor replied.
“What do I look like, a novice?”
“In that case, let’s get this show on the road – or in the air, as the case may be.”
“You do realise,” Floyd asked as he ambled towards the cave entrance, “we won’t be able to reach Monterey before nightfall? We’ll have to put down somewhere.”
“Well, now you mention it, I thought we might stop off at Land’s End.”
“Really?”
“Perhaps that little spot you fancy. The one with the view.”
“Yes, I know the place.”
“It’s a bit of a detour but, as long as you don’t dawdle, we should be able to make it before nightfall. Then from there it’s just a hop, step and a tumble roll to Monterey.”
“And I assume you want to give Joe the opportunity to appreciate the unique geography?”
“Naturally.”
“Alright, Land’s End it is. And for you, Joe, I’ll try to keep the bumps to a minimum, okay?”
Joe nodded. “Err…thanks.”
As they emerged from the cave entrance, they were bathed in midday sunshine. With the creak and groan of stiff leather, Floyd unfurled his wings. He extended them skyward, huge black sails that dwarfed not only Joe and the professor but also Floyd as well. They were stupendous. He fluttered them in the breeze, letting them catch the air currents. Then he brought them gently down in a single, fluid motion as he launched himself from the mountainside.
“Gentle, isn’t it?” said the professor.
Joe nodded. “It’s a bit different to riding on a griffon.”
“Dragons are gliders – they soar. And, might I add, they do it with quite a bit of style.”
Floyd banked slowly, sweeping across the mountain side. 
“Thermals,” said the professor, pointing. “You see how the mountains crowd in right to this point? All the air down in the lower reaches is trapped. If there’s even a breath of wind down there, the only place for it to come is up here. When it hits this mountainside, it shoots straight up into the sky. All our overgrown friend here needs to do is spread his wings and ride it into the heavens, just like an elevator. Quite clever really.”
Joe watched, mesmerised, as the ground silently drifted away. All Floyd had to do was stretch his wings. He didn’t even have to flap. Amazing.
It wasn’t long until they were lost in the boundless ocean of the noonday sky, with the mountains receding into the sort of thing you tend to associate with jigsaw puzzles and Swiss chocolate. The air, as the professor had predicted, was indeed chilly. Joe’s breath appeared in little white puffs.
“Captain?” He turned to the professor. “Where exactly is Monterey?”
“Hmm?” The professor had been watching the horizon and, evidently, off in another world – so to speak.
“Monterey? The place you were speaking to Floyd about?”
“Yes…Monterey…What piques your interest?”
“Well…where is it?”
“Up in the mountains, my boy. Up where a morning frost can last for six months, but my word the yodelling is good. It’s still a good flight away from here though.”
“It’s a town then?”
“Well actually it’s a kingdom, just not a very big one.”
“And there’s a dragon there?”
“So the rumour goes.” 
“And the people in Monterey are worried about the dragon?”
“It seems that way.”
“But they’ve called in some knights to deal with it. Is that right?”
The professor glanced at Joe with the sort of look parents inevitably use on their children. Usually it’s when they realise little Timothy hasn’t been listening to any good parental advice, like ‘don’t stuff seashells up your nose’, but has been listening to every word of the telephone conversations with Auntie Tulip. And now he’s asking, “Why is Uncle Bob spending so much time with that woman who wears too much makeup?”
The professor simply nodded.
“So…why are we going?”
The fleeting look of mischief on the professor’s face was hard to miss.
“To lend a hand.”
Joe frowned. “But, if they’re worried about having one dragon there already, won’t they get more worried when we show up with another one?”
“I’m afraid it’s a matter of necessity, Joe. Unfortunately flying there is the only way we’ll be able to make it in time. But don’t worry, Floyd has ways to make himself… inconspicuous.”
“But, why are we going at all? Why don’t we just let the knights deal with it? I mean, they’re knights. Isn’t that what they do?”
“Yes, well, I guess we could. I’m sure they’ll handle everything quite nicely. Probably troop in on their chargers with their breastplates gleaming – ” 
Joe nodded. “Yeah.”
“Slay the terrible beast and rescue the beautiful maiden. That’s assuming she hasn’t already been made into, I would imagine, a rather tasteless and unsatisfying meal.”
“Beautiful maiden?” asked Joe.
“Seems a bit odd really, when you think about it.”
“What?” Joe was beginning to lose track of the conversation.
“That a dragon would eat a skinny little nothing of a princess instead of Prince Charming’s horse.”
“You’re not taking this very seriously, are you?”
The professor paused for a moment. 
“Have you ever seen a cavalry charge, Joe?”
Joe shook his head. Well actually, he had. It was a re-enactment of the charge of the Light Horse Brigade against the Turks during World War I. It had been late one night on an old television that he and Pete had managed to sneak out of the school library without being noticed. But they (the Light Horse Brigade, not Joe and Pete) had people shooting at them with rifles, so it probably didn’t count.
“Spectacular,” said the professor. “Breathtaking. Much better than fireworks. With the added thrill that, at the end of the charge, someone or something is probably going to be killed. Whereas with fireworks you just have to sort of hope, really.
“They normally start in a line, just like Can Can dancers, only without the feathers. By the time they lower their lances they’re usually at full gallop. And with the weight of a knight in armour behind it, that little hardened steel tip will punch a hole through just about anything.”
An uncomfortable picture was forming in Joe’s head. It was a picture that Floyd didn’t easily fit into.
“That, my boy, is how they kill dragons.”
“Is that what they’ll do in Monterey?”
The professor nodded. “The evil creature will be slain and they will ride away into the sunset, hailed as heroes and protectors of all that is good and right in the world. Either that, or they’ll die trying.”
“But…well…what if it’s not a bad dragon? What if it’s like Floyd?”
The professor gave him a look. “Well, we don’t know that now, do we? Not everyone is quite as friendly as our big flying chariot here.”
“So,” Joe spoke the words without taking much time to actually think about them, “if the dragon is evil, the knights will slay it. But if the dragon is good then the town doesn’t have anything to worry about, right? So the knights can turn around and go home.”
The professor was silent.
“That’s right, isn’t it, Captain?”
“They’re there to do a job, Joe. As long as it’s a dragon, they will slay it.”
“But what if it hasn’t done anything wrong?”
The professor shrugged. “It’s still a dragon.”
“But…” he struggled for the words, “that’s not…fair.”
“Justice rarely is.”
“If the townspeople know it’s friendly, won’t they stop them? I mean, it’s their town. They’re the ones who called the knights in the first place.”
“Like you said, Joe, they’ll ‘just let the knights deal with it’. Scared people do scared people things, remember? When someone in a shiny suit of armour stands in front of them and starts telling them what to do, they tend to listen.”
The picture in Joe’s mind had taken on a very nasty edge. 
“So they’re going to kill an innocent dragon?”
The professor nodded. “Maybe.”
“So…what are we supposed to do?”
“You and I, my young friend, will have to think of something.”

*

They flew for hours. They flew over, around and, when Floyd seemingly wasn’t concentrating, almost into countless mountains. They cut their way along knife edge ridges, swept across mirror smooth lakes, dodged through great pillars of cloud and rode the breeze through the afternoon sky. It was exhilarating. They even flew under a waterfall so tall all its water turned into spray before it reached the ground. Joe felt the droplets on his face and turned to watch as the afternoon sun shimmered the mist into sparkling life.
He was distantly aware that at some future point there would be a return to boarding schools, grey uniforms, parents and all the things that made up his ‘normal’ life. But that could all wait because, for now, he was riding on a dragon. And just for that little space of his life, for those few afternoon hours, it was all Joe cared about in the world.
It wasn’t until the sun was headed well and truly towards the horizon that Floyd started to gradually descend. The air began to get warmer and the mountain peaks once again began stretching into the sky above them. They were flying over a forest of spruce, nestled in amongst the mountains, well sheltered and seemingly a sea of green as it sped past beneath them.
Ahead, a rocky plateau rose like an island out of the forest. Joe figured unless Floyd planned on some tricky sort of mid-forest landing, the plateau was probably where they were headed. 
They swooped in, with Floyd letting his momentum carry them up onto the escarpment. With the grace of a ballerina coming down from a pirouette, he raised his wings and they were once again earthbound.
Immediately behind the plateau the land dropped off abruptly into a cliff. Like a hot knife through butter, the ground simply ended. Beyond it, the sky had deepened into an auburn splendour as the sun gradually settled into bed.
But something didn’t seem quite right.
“Well, this’ll do us nicely for the night, I think,” the professor said as he climbed down. “Joe, if you wouldn’t mind giving me a hand with this unwieldy great piece of luggage.”
“So I guess we’re going to be camping out tonight then, Captain?” Joe asked as they manhandled the bag to the ground.
“Ah, my boy, have we grown so accustomed to luxury we can no longer enjoy the simple pleasure of a night spent under the stars?”
“Is it too much to hope you have a couple of spare beds in your bag?”
“Yes, Joe. Yes it is.”
The professor dropped his end of the duffel bag with a reverberating ‘clang’, and between them they dragged it across to a set of boulders and shrubs that provided a sort of natural shelter. A little brook, which appeared from nowhere, welling up straight out of the rocks, meandered its way along a shallow creek bed beside them.
“So where is this place?” Joe asked, looking about.
“Hmmm?”
“Why did you call it Land’s End? Is it because of the cliff?”
The professor and Floyd shared a surreptitious look.
“Well…in a way,” replied the professor.
Joe looked from one to the other. “What?”
“Isn’t there something you’d like Joe to see, Captain?” Floyd asked.
“Now you mention it, I do have this mole on my elbow that looks a little bit like Elvis. But I wouldn’t have thought Joe would be interested. You know, young people these days, it’s all ‘electrode’ music. Flashing lights and epileptic fits.”
“You know what I mean,” said Floyd.
“Oh, Land’s End? Yes, yes, of course. Well, now that you ask, Joe, do you notice anything at all unusual about that cliff?”
Joe looked again. There was definitely something strange about it. It dropped off in a sheer edge, right across the back of the plateau. But it didn’t stop there, it ran in a direct line away from the plateau on either side, as far as the eye could see. It even carved through the neighbouring mountains, like someone had taken a giant guillotine and sliced half of the world away. However, compared with everything else he’d seen, a bit of surprising geography was hardly worth having kittens over.
“Well, it does seem a bit odd,” he ventured. “It must be pretty big.”
“That’s one way to describe it,” said the professor.
“Perhaps you might like to take a closer look,” Floyd prompted. “But, be careful.”
Somewhat bewildered, Joe approached the cliff’s edge. Beyond it the evening sky was continuing to burn into ever deepening shades of scarlet. It wasn’t until he was almost at the edge that he realised what was out of place.
“There’s no horizon…shouldn’t there be a horizon?”
It was a reasonable enough question. Even at the top of the tallest cliff, when you reach the edge you should see a horizon, even if the world stretching away below you is so far away it simply looks like a remarkably accurate map. But in front of Joe, at the top of this cliff, the sky just continued on down. The sun was still sinking, of course, using its Midas touch to turn everything to gold, but the problem was it was below him. He stood at the edge of the cliff and looked down onto the setting sun.
Quietly the professor and Floyd joined him at the cliff’s edge. 
“Impressive, huh?” said the professor. “It certainly puts things into perspective.”
For a moment Joe didn’t say anything. Then he frowned and said, “Err…I’m not sure I understand.”
“Land’s End – it’s the edge of the world,” Floyd rumbled. “If you fall off, you’ll never hit the ground. You’ll just keep falling forever.”
“But the world is round. It doesn’t have an edge.”
“Is it? Doesn’t it?” The professor asked. “I think practical observation would go a long way towards disproving that particular assertion.” He leant closer. “I guess it’s just lucky Christopher Columbus didn’t come this way, isn’t it?”
Joe shook his head. “So it really does come to an end.”
“The world?”
“Yeah.”
“In a sense. Just not the ‘The End Is Nigh’ type.”
The three companions stood in silence for a time and simply watched as the scarlet clouds gradually darkened to maroon and the plateau was subdued into twilight. The world, as big and mystifying and breath-taking as it was, had just become that little bit bigger and more mystifying and stunningly more breath-taking. The professor was right, it certainly did put things into perspective.
Joe thought about all the things in his life that, at one time or another, had seemed to fill up his world. His parent’s divorce was a big one. He remembered the feeling of hopelessness. At the time, nothing else in the world had mattered because nothing else would ever be the same again. He’d carried that feeling around inside himself for a long time and, even now, could still feel a little bit of it festering away.
But now he was standing on the edge of the world and looking out into the slowly dimming heavens. All the troubles and anxieties that had crammed themselves into his everyday life, whether they were worrying about his father in his solitude, or wondering about his mother on her skiing holiday, or even thinking about how to save a dragon from being run through with a lance, they all somehow seemed so much more trivial.
Finally, when the fire in the sky had burned itself into a soft glow and the first stars had begun to come out, Floyd heaved a sigh.
“Well, as pleasant as this is, I can feel my stomach rumbling. I think I’ll round myself up a little dinner before bed time.”
The professor nodded. “Well, we’d offer to share ours but I’m not sure there’s enough to go around.”
“You didn’t think to bring along a nice side of venison?” Floyd asked in surprise.
“You know, I knew there was something I was forgetting.”
“Would you like me to bring you back anything? A few rare sirloins, perhaps?”
“Well, it is a tempting offer, but no thank you. I believe Joe and I will be able to make do.”
The pair turned and began wandering back towards the campsite. Joe, however, stayed for a moment longer, watching the stars slowly take over the sky. When he finally did turn around, both Floyd and the professor were watching him. 
“Coming?” the professor asked.
“Um…yeah, sorry.”
Floyd gave his wings an experimental stretch and a bit of a flutter. 
“They get a bit sore after I’ve been flying for a while,” he explained. “I must be getting old.”
“Err…Floyd?” Joe asked. “What exactly are you going to eat?”
“Oh, don’t worry about me. There’s plenty of food for a street wise dragon in these hills. Wild boar, big horn sheep, stags – it’s a smorgasbord out there.”
Joe looked up into the dragon’s easy smile. Now he’d gotten to know Floyd, it was hard to imagine him actually killing anything, even through necessity. 
The dragon leant down, nodded his head towards the professor and, in what he considered a whisper but could have otherwise been jungle drums, said, “Don’t let him boss you around, okay? He has a habit of doing that sort of thing.”
“He’s a teacher,” Joe replied. “That’s his job.”
“Yes,” Floyd chuckled, “I suppose you’re right.”
Joe glanced out across the darkening forest. In the twilight it looked far more menacing than it had earlier. The light had softened, the shadows had become a blanket of gloom, and the subtle movement of the trees seemed to give the forest an ominous life.
Joe’s smile faded.
“Floyd?” he asked tentatively.
“Hmmm?”
“You are going to come back, aren’t you?” He was ashamed of himself as soon as he’d said it.
But Floyd simply smiled and nodded. “I promise.”
Then, with the same Swan Lake grace he’d displayed when they landed, he spread his wings and glided off the edge of the plateau. Joe watched as he flew out over the forest, beating the air in huge, rhythmic strokes, until he eventually disappeared into the distance.
When Joe turned back to their campsite, he found the professor already in the middle of preparing dinner. A stewing pot, filled with water, was sitting on top of the magic hotplate. The hotplate itself was sitting on top of a metal tripod contraption that Joe was sure came from their chemistry class. Numerous vegetables lay on the ground nearby.
“Ah, Joe,” he beamed, “we’re in for a feast tonight!”
“Vegetable stew?” Joe asked.
“Delicious. Best thing to warm you up on a cold night. Reg was kind enough to provide us with the ingredients. No pork unfortunately, but some things might be too much to hope for.”
The professor had already set up the little wooden cup and marble beneath the tripod, and steam was beginning to rise from the pot.
“How long do you think Floyd will be?”
The professor looked up from his preparations. “Oh, I don’t know. An hour, maybe. Perhaps two.”
“Do you think he’ll be all right?”
“Don’t worry about that flying relic, he’s big enough to look after himself.”
“Well…” Joe glanced back at the darkening woods. “What about us?”
“What about us?”
“Are we going to be all right?”
“You mean, is there anything waiting out there amongst those trees that might turn us both into a nice two course dinner?”
Joe nodded. “Yeah.”
“Joe, my boy, tonight is a night to sit back, relax and enjoy the spectacle that the heavens put on for us.” The professor beamed a not very reassuring smile at him. “But, to be on the safe side, don’t leave the plateau, okay?”
“To tell you the truth, Captain, I don’t have any great urge to.”
“Good. And speaking of which, we’re probably going to need some firewood.”
“You want me to collect some, don’t you?”
“Would you mind?”
Joe sighed. “Yeah, okay.”
The light was continuing to fade. It wouldn’t be long before it became difficult to see. The clearing had already begun to descend into darkness and the sunset had become simply an orange smudge in the evening sky.
“Just whatever’s lying around the place,” the professor said.
“I’ll see what I can find.”
“Oh, and Joe?” the professor called after him.
Joe stopped and looked back.
“Don’t…leave…the…plateau…” His voice was serious. “For any reason.”
Joe frowned and nodded. As if wandering around in the dark wasn’t bad enough, the professor had to go and give him the creeps as well. 
He began searching between the shrubs and boulders, looking for anything that would burn. Actually, it wasn’t difficult. Most of the wood was, as the professor had suggested, just lying around on the ground. Dry sticks and branches lay scattered everywhere. Really, all he had to do was scoop them up into piles. Before long he had a few big armfuls, which was probably enough to make them a nice cosy campfire for the night.
It wasn’t until he was onto his last armful that he ventured closer to the edge of the plateau. He was, of course, cautious. After all, the forest hadn’t grown any less menacing with the fading light. But there was still some good wood lying around and, in any case, he wasn’t a complete idiot. He wasn’t about to go wandering around in the forest and get himself lost. He had no intention of leaving the plateau, even if the professor hadn’t said anything.
He shuffled warily closer and, with the casual ease of an antelope drinking from a crocodile infested waterhole, began collecting the wood. He kept a watchful eye on the forest. He wasn’t sure what to watch for, but the forest looked ominous enough just by itself, without Joe’s imagination filling it with unspeakable, bloodthirsty horrors.
And…nothing happened. Followed shortly by nothing else happening. Except he ended up with more firewood.
So much for the professor’s dire warning. There were no hairy monsters with enormous teeth and appetites to match. There wasn’t anything waiting for an unsuspecting back to be turned. Everything looked normal, a little spooky perhaps but still normal. He gave a nervous chuckle, even though his heart was beating the tom-toms. Perhaps it was just another one of the professor’s little jokes.
Then he saw it. Something down amongst the trees.
It was a light. Not the sort of thing you might imagine seeing in the middle of a forest at the edge of the world. It was the light from a torch. An electric torch. He could even see the beam it cast, and the circle of light moving across the ground. It bobbed and weaved its way amongst the trees in the way torches do, occasionally disappearing and reappearing. Joe watched. It seemed to be getting closer. But who would be out there in the dark? A woodsman perhaps? But with an electric torch? It didn’t make sense.
So soft it was almost inaudible, carried to him on the breeze, he heard someone sobbing. At least, that’s what it sounded like. Ragged gasps of air and great painful sobs.
Then, in a shriek loud enough to make him jump, he heard, “JOEEEEeeeeee…”
He dropped the bundle of wood and took a few faltering steps towards the edge of the plateau. He recognised the voice – it was Pete Brighton.
“JOEEEEEEEEEeeeeeee…Where are youuuuu…?”
The voice was hoarse with pain, but it was definitely Pete. Then Joe saw him. The rest of the forest was dark and silent, but for some reason he could see Pete as plain as day. He was limping between the trees, using a broken branch as a crutch. His shirt had been torn in places, with gashes across his arms and chest, and a deep wound across his forehead that was bleeding freely.
But it didn’t make any sense. How had he gotten there? Perhaps he’d followed Joe and the professor from the school. But how? He was supposed to be spending the holidays with his family, wasn’t he? Watching him stagger through the trees, the feeble torch light being swallowed by the blackness of the forest, Joe wanted to help him – needed to help him.
Then he felt a hand on his shoulder. The professor was standing quietly beside him, watching him.
“CAPT-” he began but was cut off as the professor held a finger to his lips and did the ‘shhh’ sign.
“Tell me what you see.” The professor’s voice was soft and calm.
“It…it’s Pete Brighton, Captain.” He pointed towards the wandering light. “He’s been hurt. He needs help.” The words rushed out, tumbling over each other.
“And you see him down there, in the woods?”
“YES! He’s right there…LOOK!” He pointed furiously in Pete’s direction.
“Stop.” The professor spun Joe around to face him. “I want you to try to think clearly, okay?”
Joe frowned. “But…”
“Think, Joe. Can you do that for me?”
“Well…yeah, okay.”
“I want you to take a closer look at him. Tell me what you see.”
Joe looked back towards Pete. 
“He’s all cut up. And there’s blood. He’s limping.”
“Okay, now ask yourself – what is he doing here? How did he get here?”
Joe’s frown deepened. “I…I don’t know. Perhaps he followed us somehow.”
“Pete Brighton is holidaying with his family. You know that.”
“But, he’s right there.”
“And you know he can’t be.”
Joe watched silently for a moment. “Then who’s that?”
“Not ‘who’, Joe – ‘what’. That is a creature called a will-o'-the-wisp. It lives in these woods. It’s not big enough to harm anyone by itself, so it uses tricks instead. It’ll make you think you’re seeing Pete Brighton, and he needs your help. You can yell out to him and he won’t hear you, he’ll just keep wandering around. Every other nasty piece of teeth and claws in this forest will hear you though. And if you go down there to help him, he’ll begin to wander away. Seemingly by chance, of course, because for some reason he can’t hear or see you. It doesn’t matter how quickly you chase him, he’ll always be just a little bit ahead, just out of reach. If you follow him far enough, finally you’ll end up face to face with something you’d probably prefer not to be face to face with. Once it’s made you into a tasty bit of dinner, the will-o'-the-wisp will clean the dishes. That’s how it survives.”
Joe was silent.
“It’s only dangerous if you don’t know what it is. Once you know the trick, it’s easy to spot.”
“But…” Joe frowned. “Why Pete? How does it know?”
“Everyone sees something different. I don’t think it even knows what you’re seeing. It just lets you see what your own mind makes up.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
“But he looks so real. He’s even wearing his old Mark Knopfler shirt. The one he stole from his dad.”
“I’m sure he is.”
Joe looked up at the professor. “You don’t see him, do you?”
The professor shook his head. “No.”
Joe paused. “Who do you see?”
The professor was silent for a moment as he watched ‘Pete’ stumble through the darkness. Then he sighed and turned away.
“No one of consequence. Come on, I’ll give you a hand with this wood.”
“Are we just going to leave it down there?” Joe asked.
“The will-o'-the-wisp?”
“Yeah.”
“It can’t hurt anyone, and it’d be more trouble than it’s worth to try driving it away. It’s best if we just ignore it. It’ll eventually go away by itself.”
By the time they brought the last of the firewood into camp, the light had almost disappeared. They dumped it next to a small hollow in the rock, perfect for a campfire, and Joe set about breaking twigs and scraping up some dry grass. His hands were still shaking from their gradual adrenalin withdrawal, and he couldn’t help occasionally glancing towards the edge of the plateau.
The last thing he was thinking about was dinner.
The professor, on the other hand, had no such misgivings. As soon as he’d dug Mike Walsh’s lighter out of his pocket and tossed it to Joe with a, “You can do the honours,” he sat down beside the stew pot and gave it a stir. Gradually Joe found, as he miraculously coaxed a flame to life, the shock began to recede.
He figured the aroma drifting his way from the stew probably helped. It was all spices and herbs, with perhaps an emphasis on rosemary. It whispered things to him as it wafted past, things about just how long it’d been since he’d eaten. It even started setting off occasional earthquakes, the sort that rumbled outwards from his stomach until his whole body shook.
“I think we’re just about ready, my boy.”
Joe peered into the pot. What he saw made his mouth water. A rich, chocolate coloured stew, with chunks of deliciousness bubbling to the surface. 
“Looks good, Captain.”
“Would you mind taking the helm for a moment?” the professor asked, handing him the wooden spoon. “There’s one or two extra things we need to make this little banquet complete.”
Joe gave the concoction a cautious stir. It went ‘gloop’, but in a good way. The professor, meanwhile, ducked back into his duffel bag and emerged brandishing a tasty looking loaf of bread and a small bottle.
“From our friends on the Viento,” he grinned, jiggling the bottle.
“Vegetable stew with bread and wine,” Joe mused.
“Just the thing for a chilly night spent under the stars, lad. What do you think?”
Joe smirked. “You’re the Captain.”
They ladled it into bowls and tore the bread into chunks. The professor poured them each a tin camping cup of wine, limiting Joe’s portion, with a raised eyebrow of judicious responsibility, to just a few mouthfuls. Then, sitting by the fireside and alternately dunking their bread and sipping their wine, the pair enjoyed dinner. Above them, clouds obscured the night sky, leaving it black and devoid of stars.
Before long they were finished and, with a contented sigh, Joe lay down beside the fire. He was warm, wrapped in his travelling cloak, and well fed. His world consisted only of firelight and the sound of the brook as it wandered past.
Perhaps it was the stew, or perhaps the dancing shadows, but more likely the wine, Joe felt his eyelids begin to get heavier. The night closed gently around him and he felt his grip on the waking world start to waver. The last thing he remembered hearing was the silken whisper of dragon wings before he slipped into the soft caress of sleep.
And began to dream.
It was Pete Brighton, the real Pete Brighton this time, although Joe couldn’t be sure how he knew. He was standing there, close enough that Joe could reach out and touch him. Behind, towering over them both, was something with teeth, made from the darkness itself. Joe could feel the malice radiating from it like sin, chilling everything with the cold of the grave.
Then Pete spoke.
“This is your fault.”
Dreams are strange things. They have a way of cutting through all of the little delusions we like to surround ourselves with. The fabrications we try to believe but know are just lies dressed in nice clothes. Things like wanting to give your last dollar to the old man in rags rather than buying a chocolate bar. But dreams get to the point. They know the truth. It doesn’t matter how convincing the lies are, inside a dream there’s no one to fool but yourself.
Pete stood in front of Joe, watching him in silent contempt. If Joe had been a better friend, if he’d been less of a coward, if he’d done something, then none of this would be happening. And in the happy half-truth that is the waking world, Joe might have been able to believe he was capable of something heroic. He’d jump to Pete’s rescue. Some sort of Hollywood-esk, self-sacrificing, slow motion dive to knock him out of harm’s way. But this was his dream, and it knew the truth as well as he did.
There were no heroics, no action movie stunts and last minute rescue. If he was honest with himself – and let’s face it, it is always easier not to be – at that moment he hated Pete Brighton. He hated him for bringing the nightmare into his world, for putting him in danger, for expecting something from him.
Then Pete was gone, swallowed up by the darkness. There wasn’t any blood or screaming, the darkness just flowed around him like water, drawing him in. The last thing to disappear were his eyes. They shone with blame.
This is your fault.
Joe was awake, bolt upright, heart racing. He struggled in that place between dreams and reality, where the claws of a nightmare can still rip and tear. He could feel the apparition, its darkness settling over him, keeping him disoriented. His breath came in gasps. He had to fight against the sense of panic.
He noticed the embers of the campfire and realised where he was. With that realisation, slowly the fear began to recede. Floyd was asleep, curled protectively around them, and the sound of the professor’s snoring lumbered its way around the plateau.
It was just a dream. A rather nasty dream, admittedly, but still just a dream. There were no monsters, no Pete Brighton, no dark apparitions. Just the occasional flicker as licks of flame leapt for freedom from the ashes of the fire.
He was flooded by an ocean of relief as the hammering in his chest began to recede. Who would have thought? Of all the things his subconscious could have thrown into a nightmare; wargs, ettins, will-o’-the-wisps; it instead chose his own cowardice. That was just his luck, Joe thought.
From above, shining like morning dew on cobwebs in a sky now swept clean of clouds, the stars twinkled in their distant but reassuring way. They’d brought cold air with them and then left it behind.
Even without unknown terrors lurking in the woods, or the prospect of another nightmare or two, he doubted that he’d be able to get back to sleep. So instead he pulled the traveling cloak around himself, climbed a little unsteadily to his feet and wandered across to the stream.
Thankfully the water was as cold and refreshing as he’d hoped. It’d probably started its life decorating one of the local mountains. He had a spine tingling moment of shock as he cupped his hands and splashed it onto his face. Quietly, so as not to wake Floyd or the professor.
Courage finds us. That’s what the professor had said, and  he’d actually seemed serious. Well at least he’d seemed serious about the courage bit, possibly not about needing to change your underwear afterwards. 
But how do you tell that to your subconscious? How do you explain it to a dream? How do you ‘do the right thing’, especially when you need to the most…when you’re always afraid?
It was then he noticed something odd. He hadn’t noticed it earlier because, for whatever reason, it’d simply escaped his attention. But now, as he knelt beside the stream, he realised there was something unusual.
He could see.
As revelations go it wasn’t particularly earth shattering but, even with the occasional flicker from the campfire, he should have been in almost complete darkness. But he wasn’t. There was a gentle light illuminating the plateau. Just enough to see by.
Turning, he saw it was coming from the cliff top. Light was cascading over its edge like a waterfall in reverse. Gentle and silver, it gave the night air a life and sense of wonder.
Joe was intrigued. He shuffled past Floyd’s slumbering form and edged closer. It didn’t look like the sort of light the will-o'-the-wisp had made, but that was the problem with being in the middle of a forest at the edge of the world, he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to be wary of.
As he neared the cliff top, the mystery revealed itself. Rising gradually into the sky, its immense outline beginning to form an arc over the plateau, was the moon. It was huge, seemingly taking up half the sky. Joe could easily make out the Swiss cheese craters and he imagined, with perhaps a bit of a run up, he might be able to leap across the gap.
As it rose, the plateau and the forest beyond were bathed in moonlight. He watched as it brought the world out of ominous darkness and transformed it into silver tinged life. The little stream turned to glitter and sparkles as it splashed along its way.
He stood motionless for a while and simply let the light wash over him. Letting it wash away the nightmare.
Eventually, sitting down on the rock ledge, he dangled his legs over the edge, untied Lumiera and rested it across his knee. When he did, he felt warmth run from the hilt into his hand. He drew the sword from its scabbard and, to his surprise, the blade glowed silver in the moonlight. The runes along its length were dancing and spinning in excitement.
He smiled and murmured, “Yeah, I bet you’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
He heard the sound of movement behind him. Perhaps it was the moonlight, or perhaps some sense that Joe wasn’t asleep in his protective circle anymore, but Floyd stirred and quietly got to his feet. He padded over and crouched down on the rocks, his front paws resting in front of him like a great big dog.
“Incredible, isn’t it?” His voice was soft and subtle, making Joe wonder if it really belonged to a dragon at all.
“Have you ever seen it before?” Joe asked. “I mean, like this?”
“Yes…a few times. But it’s always special, the moon. You never really get used to it.”
They both sat in silence for a moment and simply watched.
“You know, in my younger days I travelled a lot,” Floyd said. “Once even all the way up to the Frozen Waste. When the moon rises over all that ice, with the reflections, just about the whole world lights up.”
Joe nodded, and had a sudden longing to see it for himself.
“Of course, I don’t get about quite as much anymore, except,” he lowered his voice to a whisper, “when I’m dragged away by some bothersome bane-of-my-existence on a crusade.”
As if to illustrate the point, the professor gave a loud snort.
“I think your friend there likes the moonlight,” Floyd said, nodding towards Lumiera.
Joe lifted the little sword and watched as the moonlight played along its length. The runes were still dancing, like tiny gymnasts twisting and twirling to an unheard tune. They were mesmerising to watch.
“Yeah,” Joe replied. “Although I’m not sure why.”
“Ah, that’ll be because she’s of elven design. They tend to prefer the moonlight.”
Joe glanced quizzically at Floyd. “Do they?”
“So the rumour goes.”
“Why did you call it a ‘she’?”
“Because ‘it’ is a ‘she’.”
“Really?” Joe turned Lumiera over in his hand. It did have a certain subtle grace that could perhaps be mistaken for femininity.
“You didn’t know?” asked Floyd.
Joe shook his head.
“Slender, elegant, yet deceptively persuasive,” said Floyd. “Unmistakeable. Quite apt really.”
“Oh…”
“Any old brute of an axe can cut someone’s head off, but for something graceful, something delicate, like, say, piercing someone’s heart…well then you need a feminine touch.”
“Yeah…I guess, when you put it like that.”
“So, did you wake up specifically to witness this admittedly spectacular but rather regular phenomenon of nature, or was there something else on your mind, Joe?”
“I had a bad dream.”
“Really?”
Joe nodded.
“The ubiquitous bad dream,” Floyd said. “They can plumb the depths of our psyche to make us face our worst fears, even if it’s simply standing naked in front of a class room.” He peered at Joe with a slightly self-conscious chuckle. “It…err…it wasn’t that one, was it?”
“No, I was fully clothed.”
“Just as well.” He gave his armour a gentle rattle. “I don’t suffer from that particular nightmare very often myself, but I can imagine it’d be quite traumatic.” He gave Joe a look. “So…what was it about, if you don’t mind me asking?”
Joe sighed. “A friend of mine was in danger and he needed my help, but…” the memory made him hesitate, “I was too scared.”
“Sounds serious.”
Joe nodded.
Floyd lowered his head and looked Joe in the eye, which, for a dragon, isn’t as easy as it sounds.
“Dreams can’t tell you who you are, Joe. Always remember that. Dreams cannot have any power over you unless you let them.”
“You sound like the Captain.”
“Is that flattery?”
Joe smirked. “Perhaps.”
“It all comes down to choices,” said Floyd. “Your choices are what make you ‘you’. Don’t let anyone or anything change who you are.”
“Yeah…I know,” he said, then stopped himself with a frown. Did he honestly expect a dragon to understand, or to even care? Dragons were meant to cause bad dreams, not lend a shoulder to cry on.
He drew in a deep breath. “Can I ask you a question?”
“Naturally.”
He wasn’t sure how to phrase the question. When it came down to it, he wasn’t sure what answer he was looking for either. But he remembered the dream. He remembered how he’d felt.
“What does it mean to be brave?”
“Hmmm…that’s an interesting one. What do you think it means?”
“I don’t know,” replied Joe. “I guess I used to think it meant not being afraid. But…”
“But?”
“Well, it’s just that I’m pretty much scared all the time.”
“Are you scared now?”
“Well, no.”
“Even though you’re sitting beside a dragon?”
“Yeah, but that doesn’t count.”
Floyd frowned. “Don’t I?”
“You know what I mean. Being brave is, well, it’s almost like you have to prove you’re brave before you really are.”
“Give me an example.”
Joe thought for a moment. “Well, there’s the Indians.”
“Indians?”
“Yeah. They’re…err…a bunch of people who lived in the Wild West…with the cowboys.”
Joe’s social studies class had watched a ‘Coming of Age’ documentary on North American Indians, although admittedly it’d been a while since he’d watched it and for some reason his memory seemed to be mixing it together with a bunch of old John Wayne movies. He figured Floyd probably wouldn’t have any idea what he was talking about anyway, so it didn’t really matter.
“They used to do things like run through a herd of buffalo, or jump off a cliff, just to prove how brave they were.”
“Jump off a cliff? That’s a bit severe, isn’t it? What’s the point in proving how brave you are if you’re dead at the end of it?”
“Oh, no, it’s not like that. It’s not actually a cliff, it’s more of a steep hill really, made up of lots of sharp rocks. They just roll down and get themselves cut and bruised a bit. Then the rest of the tribe think they’re brave and they’re allowed to be men.”
“Do you think rolling down a hill would make you brave?”
“Lawrence Cohen thought so.” Joe grinned in spite of himself. “He tried jumping off the library roof.”
“And did that make him brave?”
“Not really, no. Everyone just laughed. He ended up spraining his ankle and had to use crutches for a few weeks.”
Floyd was quiet for a moment, thoughtful.
“Joe, being brave is pretty simple. It’s having the courage to do what’s right when no one else will. Anyone can throw themselves down a hill or…” he paused for a moment, “…or put on a suit of armour. But it doesn’t prove anything, it doesn’t make any real difference, and it certainly doesn’t show a great deal of bravery.”
Joe watched the moonlight glitter in the dragon’s eyes.
“The courage to step out of the crowd, that’s all it is. As simple and as agonisingly difficult as that,” Floyd said, resting his head gently back onto his paws.
And Joe thought about Jesse Aarons.
Jesse was one of the boys at St Georges. He was small and wiry and always moving. Joe liked Jesse. He was quiet and unassuming, with a way about him – sort of an air of uncertainty, like he was never really sure exactly what he was meant to be doing. Joe found it reassuring to see someone else as uncertain about stuff as he was himself. It always made him feel better when he saw Jesse with a smile on his face.
But then there was the day in gym class.
It was early spring and the sun was shining for the first time in what seemed like a lifetime. There was a lot of excitement in the air. All the boys were in their gym gear and were busting to get outside and run around. They were all talking and laughing and clowning about like idiots. But first their gym teacher, Mr Sparrow, had to do a roll call.
Mr Sparrow wasn’t a good teacher. The reason was pretty simple – he didn’t like children. In his youth he’d been good at sport, very good. He’d even dreamt of being a professional athlete. That was the problem. Although he was good, he wasn’t that good. After years of failed attempts and let-downs, he finally resigned himself to a career as a gym coach, teaching kids how to play ball games. Meaning Joe’s gym class ended up bearing the brunt of Mr Sparrow’s own frustrations and disappointments.
It probably didn’t help that none of the boys liked him either.
Thinking back, Joe realised he should have seen the trouble coming. Mr Sparrow was short tempered at the best of times. He was getting more and more incensed with the boys’ constant fidgeting and laughter. Finally, as he called the roll, the boys began answering each other’s names, making a game of it. When he called the name of Charlie Mackenzie, who was standing in front of him, a grinning Tony Giardino, who was standing directly behind him, answered with, “Here!”
Mr Sparrow spun around in a kind of rage. His hand rose into the air and came down hard, right across Jesse Aaron’s face. He had been standing beside Tony and was smiling in his usual, happy way. The slap knocked him to the ground.
Everyone knew teachers weren’t allowed to hit students. Corporal punishment had been banned since before Joe was born. Being sent to the headmaster’s office didn’t have the same effect as it did when troubled students were routinely introduced to two feet of leather strap. Now headmasters had to rely on actually finding out what the student’s problem was. Then, when that didn’t work, threaten them with being kept down a year, which was a lot scarier than the strap.
Everyone knew teachers weren’t allowed to hit students. Mr Sparrow knew it too, and he didn’t care. He’d hit Jesse anyway.
The rest of the boys watched in silence as Jesse curled up in a ball in the corner, sobbing, while Mr Sparrow finished the roll call. Joe had sometimes wondered what would happen if a teacher struck one of the students. Would fire and brimstone fall from the heavens? Would the police come to a screeching halt outside the building and arrest the culprit on sight? Would they be banned from teaching and perhaps made to apologise?
He got his answer that day in gym class – no one did anything. They just stood quietly in front of Mr Sparrow while Jesse sobbed in the corner. No one stood up for him, no one even went to see if he was all right. They just stood there and watched. Even Lawrence Cohen, long healed from his library roof sprained ankle, was silent. No one had the courage to step out of the crowd. Every boy in Joe’s gym class stood quietly by and did nothing. And so did Joe.
In the end Jesse had shown more courage than all of them when, tear streaked, he stood in front of Mr Sparrow and declared defiantly, “It wasn’t even me!”
Mr Sparrow had pretended not to know what he was talking about, as if nothing had happened. He sent Jesse off to the infirmary to have the cut on his cheek looked at, and continued with the lesson.
Joe had felt numb and ashamed.
Bravery is about having the courage to do what’s right when no one else will…
“Why do you ask?” said Floyd.
Joe didn’t say anything for a time, looking, instead, down at Lumiera in his hands.
Finally, in a small voice, he said, “Because I’m a coward.”
“You think you’re a coward?”
He nodded, and felt the sting of tears.
“Even though you fought off ettins and stood face to face with a dragon? You still think you’re a coward?”
“That wasn’t me. Not really me.”
“No? He looked a lot like you.”
“I mean, if I’d had a choice…”
“There’s always a choice, Joe. Even if it’s to just stand around with your hands in your pockets. Everyone gets to choose.”
Joe lapsed into silence and rubbed his thumb absent-mindedly across the seam of the hilt. Quietly he said, “Do you know how I got this sword?”
“Yes.”
“So you know about the wargs? Frederick and Angelo?”
Floyd nodded. “The Captain told me about it while you were asleep.”
“Did he tell you I didn’t want to save them?” He looked up at the dragon. “I wanted to leave them there, up on that rock. I wanted to turn around and leave. I would have turned around and left. I would have left them there to…” He stopped himself before he careered over the precipice of what could have happened. Instead, he took a deep breath and looked back down at Lumiera again. 
“But the Captain, he sailed us right on into the middle of it…They gave me Lumiera to thank me for saving them. For my ‘courage’.” He shook his head. “They should have kept it for themselves.”
“You may have had help, Joe, but it was still you who saved those two boys.” Floyd’s voice was soft and quiet.
“Do you know what Frederick told me? Why he was on that rock in the first place? He was there because he didn’t want anyone else to get hurt. He’d have preferred to have been killed himself than to put someone else in danger… And I wanted to turn around and leave…”
Floyd lapsed into silent contemplation for a moment. Then, quietly, he said, “No one wants to be brave, Joe. Not when it counts. It is always hard and you will always be scared. The trick is knowing what to be scared of. That’s where most people go wrong.”
“Yeah, that’s what the Captain said too.”
“Did he?”
Joe nodded.
“Huh. He must be rubbing off on me.” Floyd leaned in a little closer and gave him a serious look. “Don’t be scared of the easy things, Joe – just because something is different, or you don’t understand it. Be scared of the hard things – what’s going to happen if you don’t step out of the crowd; if you don’t raise your hand and ask a question. That’s the true mark of bravery.”
Joe sighed. “Yeah, I guess you’re right. I just wish it was a bit easier.”
“Then it wouldn’t be called ‘courage’.”
They sat for a while, side by side, boy and dragon, while the moon continued its journey into the night sky. Joe had brought the last vestiges of the nightmare out into the open and now he could feel them emptying away down some anxiety draining plug hole. It felt good. 
Finally, even though it seemed like an odd question to ask a dragon, Joe said, “Do you ever get scared?”
“Sometimes.”
“Really?”
Floyd nodded.
“But you’re a dragon.”
“It’s kind of you to notice.”
“What…err…what’re you scared of?”
“I get scared for people who I care about.” He paused for a moment, and then, more quietly, said, “I’m scared of what I might be forced to do to protect them…and myself.”
“Oh.”
Floyd nodded. “Oh…”
“Do you think you might have to…kill people?”
“I’ve done things, Joe, I wouldn’t care to do again. But we can’t change the past, can we? We can only remember it.”
The professor gave a loud snort, rolled over and, in a voice slurred with sleep, said, “Two blueberry muffins please,” before smacking his lips and going back to sleep.
“Come on,” said Floyd. “I think the soul-searching can wait until the morning. Let’s get some sleep.”
“Yeah, okay.”
They stood up and walked back to the little campsite. Joe lay down and drew the travelling cloak closed like a blanket to keep out the chill. Floyd curled himself around their little campsite once more.
“Goodnight, Floyd,” Joe whispered.
“Goodnight, Joe,” Floyd smiled back.
Joe closed his eyes and sank back to sleep. This time, thankfully, one free of nightmares.

Chapter 12

Monterey

There’s something extraordinary about the smell of fried eggs in the morning, especially when you’re not quite awake yet. It sneaks past your olfactory senses and sets up a disco ball and roller skates in your stomach, then turns up the music and invites some friends over. By the time Joe was awake, his stomach party was in full swing and it was a wonder the police hadn’t been called.
The sun hadn’t yet climbed above the mountain tops, but the morning light was creeping down into the valleys nonetheless. It revealed the professor, crouched over the fire pit, huffing and blowing into what appeared to be a very smoky pile of twigs. Beside him, the frying pan sat atop the magic hotplate, hissing and spitting in a most delicious way. Floyd was, surprisingly, nowhere to be seen.
“Good morning! Sleep well did we?” the professor asked.
Joe yawned.
“You’re just in time for breakfast, and if I can get this fire going we’ll be able to have it on toast.”
“Where’s Floyd?” Joe asked, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
“He took off about an hour ago. Looking for his own breakfast, I presume. He should be back soon.”
Joe rolled out of his travelling cloak and sat upright. The purple sky was beginning to turn a bluish-mauve with the dawn.
“You know, you snore pretty loudly.”
The professor gave him a suspicious look. “I have it on very good authority that I sleep as quietly as a mouse.”
“And you sleep talk.”
The professor harrumphed.
“You asked for some blueberry muffins.”
“Well they certainly beat bran muffins.”
Joe eased himself to his feet and tried to stretch the ache of sleeping on a rock bed from his back. Behind him, the professor gave a chortle of satisfaction as flames began to leap and crackle from the fire. He picked up a long, forked branch, fixed two slices of bread to it and, in the honoured tradition of boy scouts and campfires, began to make toast.
 “I guess there’s no magic toaster?” Joe asked.
“Some things, my boy, we simply have to do the hard way. Now pass me those plates.”
Although the toast was burnt and the eggs were round little patches of rubber, to Joe it tasted divine. They ate, at Joe’s request, sitting where he and Floyd had sat during the night, on the edge of the plateau with their legs dangling. It certainly beat soggy cereal in the mess hall at St. George’s.
With his now familiar silken whisper and the rustling of a few leaves, Floyd alighted on the plateau. He padded over to join Joe and the professor.
“Venison?” the professor asked.
“Ah, wild ham, actually.”
“Ham, eh? Nice?”
“A bit tough in parts, but still quite satisfying.”
“You can’t really send it back to the chef anyway, I suppose.”
“No. I’m always afraid they’ll spit in it if I do.”
The professor smiled. “Feeling up to a hard morning of flying then?”
“You don’t want to take the train instead?”
“With your flying? Don’t tempt me.”
Although the early morning dew had turned the harness into a wet bar of soap, they eventually had it secured and climbed aboard. It would have been amusing, Joe was sure, if he hadn’t been the only one to end up with the duffel bag on his head.
When they were finally ready, with Floyd feeling like a nice warm car bonnet in the morning chill, the professor said, “Okay, you ridiculous excuse for a dragon, let’s go!”. 
Because the morning air was still and calm, with no thermals to help him soar, Floyd was forced to beat his wings, clawing the three of them into the morning sky. As the spruce trees began to disappear back into a sea of needle points, he banked and turned his back to the mountains. Joe looked down and saw the edge of the plateau glide silently past beneath them. With deceptive ease they flew out across the edge of the world.
Below them, stretching away into the shadowy depths, was the cliff from a hot salami induced vision. It was the sort of cliff other cliffs aspired to be. It plunged into the depths until it was lost in the dark. To add an extra touch of vertigo to the spectacle, below them, sparkling from out of the darkness, were a scattering of stars.
With a sudden rush of enthusiasm, Joe turned to the professor and asked, “Have you got anything we can drop?”
The professor raised an eyebrow with childish mischief, then fished around in his pockets for a moment. He produced a small silver coin and passed it to Joe.
“Where’s this from?” Joe frowned, examining the unfamiliar markings.
“Local currency, my boy. They don’t tend to care much for that foreign muck we use back home.”
“Really?”
“It always pays to carry a few of the neighbourhood dineros – in case of an emergency.”
“Well…should we drop it? I mean, it seems a bit of a shame to lose it.”
“Don’t worry, there’s only enough there to buy about half an apple. I’ve got plenty more, care of our friends back at Trotter’s End. Although it’d probably be better if you don’t mention it around Reg, if you know what I mean.”
“Ah…”
The professor gave him a wink. “Don’t forget to make a wish.”
With a flick of his thumb, Joe sent the coin spinning into the void. They watched it tumble until it plunged past the cliff edge and was lost in the starry depths below.
The professor smiled. “That was fun.”
“If you two are quite finished,” said Floyd, with a disapproving glance, “can we get on?”
“Spare us your trivialities, you contemptuous worm,” the professor blustered.
“It’s pronounced ‘wyrm’, and if you hadn’t noticed, the morning isn’t getting any younger.”
“Well, what are we waiting for then? On Dasher, on Dancer, on Happy, on Grumpy…”
With a sigh, Floyd banked once more and, crossing back over the edge of the world, began the long climb into the mountains.
They flew for hours. Or, at least, that’s what it felt like to Joe. The terrain was, as he had expected, mountainous. Very mountainous. There were spires and ravines everywhere. 
Floyd took it all in his stride. They dodged between snow-capped peaks and skirted cliffs close enough to brush the snow from their jagged faces.
It wasn’t until the third time they’d banked suddenly, moments before colliding with a mountain summit, each time with Joe’s knuckles white from gripping the harness, that Floyd looked back at Joe and the professor with an evil grin. The professor gave a huge, theatrical yawn and pretended to nod off to sleep. Then Joe realised what was going on. Floyd was doing it on purpose. They were playing ‘chicken’, trying to see who would flinch first.
“OH, COME ON!” he yelled. “Grow up! Both of you!”
“What?” exclaimed the professor with surprised innocence. “I’m not the one who’s doing the flying.”
“Yeah, but you’re not helping!” 
It would have carried more authority if he hadn’t started laughing while he was saying it. Seeing the professor and the dragon behaving like small children seemed somehow appropriate. 
He kicked Floyd in the back. “And you – if you keep that up, you’ll end up with my breakfast all over your scales.”
“Sorry, just checking to make sure he was awake. You can never be sure with the Captain. I think maybe he’s getting a bit too old for flying.”
“Speak for yourself, you overgrown lizard. I’m in my prime!”
With a final barrel role that made the professor hoot with delight, Floyd began flying sensibly once more. Well, more sensibly anyway.
The sun was well on its way into the cloudless blue when they began to coast into a long shallow glide. They dropped down, hugging the ground, and wove their way between the valleys. Here and there the snow and ice had, with some help from the sun, become brooks and steams. The spruce and fir trees gave way to occasional meadows and fields, dotted with wildflowers. 
Below them, a solitary road wound its way through the fields, over occasional stone bridges, and eventually disappeared into a wood.
“I think this is about as close as we want to get,” said the professor. “We’ll have to hoof it from here.”
Joe frowned. “So we’re not going to fly the whole way?”
“I’m afraid not. But don’t worry, it’s a beautiful day for a leisurely stroll through the countryside.”
“What is Floyd going to do? Wait here?” asked Joe
“That’s the idea.”
“While we walk into town?”
“Like we own the place.”
With the creaking groan of a thousand rusty door hinges, or in this case the knee joints of one aged dragon, they landed. The place was surprisingly lush, especially for somewhere in the mountains. The grass underfoot was nice and green, the trees were, well, green as well.
“I’ve been thinking, Captain,” said Joe. “About the knights. Perhaps we could scare them away. We could fly in there and make a lot of noise, just like with the ettins. I mean we have Floyd with us after all.”
The professor and the dragon exchanged a brief glance. 
“No, Joe. As enticing as our generously proportioned friend here is, we’re going to have to use something even more powerful. In fact, it’s the most powerful weapon known to mankind.”
“What? An atomic bomb?”
“Oh, far more powerful than any crude nuclear device.”
Joe shrugged.
“Communication!” grinned the professor. “We’re going to talk to them.”
“Talk…?”
“Yes. And the beauty is, you get to use it over and over again.”
“Okay, I see your point.”
“Excellent. Now if you wouldn’t mind giving me a hand with this, I think we can get started.” 
With a flourish, the professor pulled a polished bronze breastplate out of his bag. It looked like the sort of thing that might have been worn by palace guards, back in the days when the English royalty were more interested in conquering France than taking a holiday there. It was polished until it glowed.
“That’s what we’ve been carrying around with us?” Joe asked.
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“My uniform of office, you might say. When you play a role, Joe, it’s important to look the part.” He gave the breastplate a tap with his knuckles. It sounded thin and tinny.
For the next few minutes he proceeded to pull all manner of armour from the bag. Gauntlets; greaves; the things that go on the shoulders that look like metallic armadillos; a shield complete with a fire-breathing dragon emblem. There was even a long, blue cape of the superhero variety, which looked suspiciously like one of the school’s window drapes.
The professor was unusually careful as he removed each of the pieces. He lay them on the ground, face up so they wouldn’t be stained by the grass. Finally, when the ground around him looked like a Christmas tree, he gingerly removed the last piece. It was a helmet. But it wasn’t just a helmet. It was the red carpet celebrity event of helmets. Strictly to be worn by those more interested in turning other people’s heads than protecting their own. It even had an ostrich plume.
“So, what do you think?” the professor asked, placing it reverently on his head.
Floyd smirked. “Unbelievable. It actually gets more tacky each time you wear it.”
“Well, as we both know, good taste is something that has always been in short supply in the general dragon population,” the professor replied, running his hand along the feather.
“If you’re not lucky, I’ll take a fancy to you. You’re starting to look very tasty.”
“Um, Captain?” Joe asked. “What ‘role’, exactly, are you going to be playing?”
“Yes,” Floyd chuckled. “What role are you going to play, Mr Extravagant?”
“That, my boy, is strictly confidential. But, considering the circumstances, I expect I can let you in on certain… classified information.” He straightened up and gave Joe a quick look of cavalier superiority. “I have, through a lifetime of hardship, dedication and commitment, acquired a wealth of knowledge and expertise in the matter of human-draco relations.”
Floyd rumbled, but the professor, after a desultory glance in his direction, continued on regardless.
“As such, I have been granted certain privileges by the powers that be. Sort of a ‘technical advisor’ role, if you will.”
Joe’s look was blank. “What does that mean?”
“It means he can’t actually stop the knights, but they at least have to listen to him,” Floyd said. “Even if it’s just to humour him.”
“No, please.” The professor held up a hand. “Your scorn and ridicule is thank you enough.”
“It’s the least I can do.”
“So all this stuff is meant to make you look more like a technical advisor?” Joe asked.
“Exactly.”
“Okay…” Joe nodded. “And I guess now we have to try to put it all together, right?”
“Correct – with ‘we’ being the operative word. Now pass me that piece that looks like a tea platter.”
It took a while to put everything together, even with Joe helping. There were buckles, clips, notches and flanges everywhere. It was a shining, glittering spectacle with, unfortunately, no instruction manual. 
Although the professor was sure he knew exactly what he was doing, in the end it was Joe who mostly worked everything out. But not before the professor had to remove everything at least once because he was putting it on backwards.
Finally, when Joe slid the shield into place, he stood back to admire the handiwork. 
“You look like a hood ornament,” he said.
“Impressive, I know.” The professor seemed to have a knack for missing sarcasm.
“If you spin slowly in the middle of the room all we’ll need is a spotlight and some disco music,” grinned Joe.
“We could use him,” Floyd said, “to warn ships away from the rocks.”
The professor was silent for a moment while Joe and Floyd made absolutely no attempt whatsoever to hide their amusement. 
“Are you both quite finished?”
“Not even remotely,” Floyd replied.
“You know,” Joe said, “if your uniform was a pair of trousers, a shirt and some loafers, then this whole trip would have been a lot easier, Captain.”
“Necessary plumage I’m afraid, Joe.” Turning to Floyd, he added, “Well, you prehistoric land mass, I guess this is where we bid you adieu. Try to avoid doing anything that’ll draw any unnecessary attention, like wearing your hula skirt.”
“You’re looking at a professional, old man…hula skirts aside.”
The professor leaned forward and gave the dragon a wary look. 
“Constant…vigilance!”
“What did I just say? Something about being a professional?” 
Joe smiled. It was like watching a Three Stooges routine, only without Curly.
“Are you going to be okay, Floyd?” he asked.
“Don’t worry, Joe. I have been blessed with amazing powers of inconspicuousness. If I used my abilities, you wouldn’t even notice me standing here now. I would simply blend in and become just another dragon in the crowd.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” murmured the professor. “Come on, Joe. Time, the tide and a good slaying wait for no man.”
With a final ‘I’m watching you’ hand gesture at Floyd, the professor turned and started clunking and clanging his way towards the road.
“Good luck, Floyd,” Joe said softly. “Keep yourself safe, okay?”
Floyd smiled and nodded. “You look after yourself too, Joe. Listen to what the old fool tells you. He’s not quite as ridiculous as he looks. Oh, and above all, try not to get yourself eaten…”
“I’ll try,” Joe grinned, before running to catch up to the professor. 
As he fell into step, Joe asked, “Do you think we’ll get there in time?”
“Today’s the big day, my boy. And one thing about your friendly neighbourhood knight in shining armour is they love a good audience. They don’t tend to do much without a lot of people watching. Otherwise, what’s the point? Which means the main event won’t happen until mid-afternoon at the earliest. We’ve still got some time.”
As they made their way through the wood, Joe watched beams of light angle through the leafy canopy, dappling the trail in front of them.
“Captain? Can I ask you something?”
“Hmm…?”
“Do you remember when we were back in Little Boulder Creek, with Hamish in the stables?”
“Yes.”
“There’s something I’ve been wondering. Something he said.”
“Go on.”
“‘Ken’in of the droogin’…Do you remember? He said I had it.”
The professor remained unusually silent.
“Well I think I’ve figured out that ‘ken’ means ‘know’. So ‘ken’in of the droogin’ means ‘knowing of the…’” He looked at the professor’s expressionless face. “Dragon?”
The professor nodded, but in a rather non-committal way.
“So why did he say I have the ‘knowing of the dragon’?”
“Maybe because he’s crazy?”
“He’s not…well, actually, he does seem a bit crazy.” Joe frowned. “But he seemed pretty sure on that one point.”
“So, what exactly are you asking?”
“Do I have special powers?”
“You mean, like a superman?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, can you leap tall buildings in a single bound?”
“I was thinking maybe something a little bit more dragonish.”
“Such as?”
“I don’t know. That’s what I was hoping you might be able to tell me.”
“Well now, I don’t want to be the one to dash your hopes against the cold, harsh rocks of reality, but only Hamish knows what thoughts go through his head. I think most of them are a bit of a surprise even to him. I wouldn’t put a great deal of faith in his revelations about ‘droogins’, no matter how Clark Kent-ish they might make you feel. For the time being, you’re probably best off relying on simply being a boy, Joe.”
They emerged from the shaded sanctuary of the wood and stepped out into the open sunlight of gentle meadows and rolling hills. Further along, nestled in amongst the hills, were the first handful of colourful little cottages. They looked like they belonged in some sort of nursery rhyme. 
“I guess this is Monterey?” asked Joe.
“It looks a bit Brigadoon-ish, doesn’t it?” said the professor. When Joe didn’t reply, he added, “Brigadoon…? Scottish village, blessed or cursed, depending on your point of view…? Only appears once every hundred years…? Is any of this sounding familiar?”
Joe shook his head.
“What exactly do they teach you in your literature classes?”
“So far nothing on Scotland.”
They continued on, past the Scottish fairytale-ish houses and into the town square. On the far side, standing in a neat orderly line and occasionally snorting, were thirty heavy cavalry chargers. They were saddled and looked ready for business. A number of knights, each resplendent in their armour, were either attending to the horses or standing guard.
“Well I think we found the place, Captain.”
“Impressive, aren’t they? And it looks like the kingdom has turned up for the spectacle.”
Groups of people were gathered, talking amongst themselves and eyeing the knights in a sort of curious anticipation. Children ran about, some of them using sticks for pretend sword fights. A few of the more enterprising individuals had even set up stalls and were selling tea and cakes. There was definitely a festive mood to the place.
Joe didn’t need to see the big wooden sign on the building across the square to realise it was the town hall.
“Is that where we’re heading?” he asked.
“That’ll do for a start.”
Sidestepping the various huddled groups, and seemingly immune to the looks his ‘uniform’ was attracting, the professor strode towards the hall. But that’s the funny thing about crowds – no matter how much is already going on, they’re always ready for a bit more entertainment.
By the time they approached the town hall every pair of eyes in the square were watching them. That included the eyes of the two young knights standing guard on either side of the door. 
The professor stopped in front of the pair and looked them up and down with an appraising eye. It was a serious look, it lasted for a while.
“Can we assist you, sir?” asked the taller of the knights. 
The professor said, “Take me to your leader.”
Joe gave a silent groan, but thankfully the B grade science fiction reference was lost on the knights. Up until Joe and the professor had arrived, they’d been tasked with nothing more challenging than keeping a few of the more curious locals from wandering inside to see what all the fuss was about. It wasn’t hard to read their thoughts as they shared a glance – ‘Let someone else deal with these two’. 
The short one replied in a droll voice, “Follow me,” and led them inside.
A few townspeople, perhaps the members of the local council or whatever the Monterey equivalent was, were inside the hall. They were gathered at the far end, sitting on a few chairs and pews, and had the bemused look of people who’d been surprised with the honour of being deemed ‘important enough to take part’ but didn’t really know what was going on or, for that matter, what they were supposed to do. 
One individual in particular, whose clothes looked like they would never again be used in the same sentence as the word ‘clean’, lay spread out on one of the pews with a bottle clutched in his hand. His snoring punctuated the meeting and gave it a strange rhythm as people tried to fit as many words as possible into the gap between his window rattling snores.
What they were watching, and trying in their own small way to contribute to, was a discussion. It consisted of three knights, one sporting a moustache that looked like it belonged in a First World War bi-plane, and two townspeople – a ginger haired man and a tall, gaunt looking woman. They sat at a makeshift table, piled high with neat stacks of various reports and paperwork, through which the three knights were leafing.
From his expression, it appeared the ginger haired man wasn’t enjoying having knights take over the local hall. He had the crossed-arm, brooding look of a man who didn’t entirely agree with the way proceedings were proceeding. Occasionally he leant forward to ask a question only to be interrupted by the moustachioed knight, which didn’t help the brooding.
The gaunt woman, on the other hand, had a face that looked like it’d been sucked into a pucker by a vacuum cleaner. Her somewhat smug expression suggested, whatever the knights were doing and whatever unknown events were about to unfold, she thoroughly approved.
The professor marched forward, between the seated onlookers, directly toward the little council of war. As Joe followed, he overheard snippets of conversation pass between the three knights. Phrases such as ‘defensive perimeter’ and ‘civilian casualties’ punctuated the general noise with a worrying ease.
“Please, Your Majesty,” the moustache said, “if you’ll just let us handle this, we have dealt with this sort of thing many times before. I think that – ” he looked up to see the professor, in all his eye-catching splendour, standing before him.
In one fluid motion, the professor swept the helmet from his head, spun around to face the ginger haired man and performed a bow with the sort of flourish that would have made a peacock envious.
“Your Majesty,” he said.
For a moment the man’s look turned from disgruntled gloom to surprise, before settling back into reserved dignity. He gave a slightly embarrassed cough, shifted in his chair and said, “Yes…err…good afternoon.”
The professor nodded to the gaunt woman, flashed her a dazzling smile and said, “Ma’am.”
She didn’t bother to return his greeting, except to give him a deeply suspicious look. The professor’s smile wavered for only a moment before he made a diplomatic withdrawal and turned his attention to the knights. 
“Good Sir Knight,” he addressed the moustache, “I am Professor Pendlebury, recently of St. George’s Private Establishment for the Edification of the Terminally Dysfunctional. If I may be so bold, sir, to whom do I have the honour of addressing?”
The knight remained silent, watching the professor. He looked like an entomologist studying a particularly interesting bug and trying to decide if it really was the rare Royal Jewel Beetle, or just a cockroach that some kid had stuck some sparkles on. Evidently he was having some trouble deciding.
But the professor’s appearance had worked its magic on the rest of the little assembly. They didn’t care what it meant, or who he was, just that it looked impressive. Everything else was simply decoration.
Finally the knight leant back in his chair, smoothed his moustache and, with a nod of his head, said, “Sir Duncan of the Counties, Brigadier in Chief of the Knights of the Order of Peregrine. These are Leftenant Second Class Witton and Senior Sergeant Handcock,” he indicated the two knights sitting to either side of him. “And you have already met His Royal Majesty, the King of Monterey, and…err…Mrs Heynit.”
The professor bowed again. “The pleasure is mine.”
Sir Duncan leant forward, resting his elbows on the table, and frowned. “So you’re the Dragon Slayer?” he asked.
Joe smirked in surprise. Dragon Slayer? Whatever effect the professor had been trying for with his costume, it obviously hadn’t worked.
“At your service,” the professor said.
Joe’s smirk disappeared.
“And this, I suppose,” asked Sir Duncan, “would be your squire?”
The assembly turned their attention to Joe. The fact he was standing in a room full of men dressed in shining armour and townspeople dressed in…well…townspeople clothes, made Joe even more aware he was, in actual fact, wearing his pyjamas. 
But they didn’t seem to mind. There’s definitely something to be said for being from out of town, Joe thought. He could probably have stood there wearing a bright yellow chicken costume and they would have simply thought ‘foreigner’.
“My apologies, Sir Knight, how rude of me. This is my esteemed apprentice, Joseph. He is my fourth grade science pupil, currently researching the Dramatic Effect of Sudden Change with High Expectation and Low Capability on a Small Populace. He’s also quite gifted with identification of various meteorological phenomenon.”
Joe smiled weakly and gave a little wave. Even he hadn’t understood most of what the professor had said, but he felt some sort of response was expected.
“Err…Cumulonimbus?” he tried.
Sir Duncan, after a glazed eyed moment of bewilderment, nodded and said, “Understood,” although clearly he hadn’t. Turning to the Senior Sergeant, he said, “Sergeant, bring me those scout reports as soon as they’re in. And check the status of the men, we’ll be moving out within the hour.” 
The sergeant snapped a salute, then began barking orders to the assembled knights.
“Ahem…” the King cleared his throat, watching the professor. “Err…Professor, was it? I’m sorry but exactly who are you?”
“No, please, Your Majesty, there’s no need to apologise.  Perfectly understandable misunderstanding. As you can see, I am a Dragon Slayer. I have been appointed by the powers of the Realm as the local representative of Dragon Lore,” said the professor.
“Oh…” A large man sitting in the audience, who would have been more comfortable on two chairs, said, “So you’re loik a koind of dragon h’expert then?”
“Err…yes, that’s correct.”
His mood visibly brightened. “P’haps you can ‘elp us with a question then, Guv?”
“It would be my pleasure,” beamed the professor.
“Is dragons afraid of garlic?”
“SIR!” Sir Duncan bellowed, turning a furious look on the man, “You have been warned! I will have you removed from this assembly if you mention one more word about that blessed garlic!”
The giant of a man was crestfallen and lapsed back into thumbing his cloves.
“I’m sorry, Professor,” said the king, “Any assistance you can provide, I’m sure, will be very much – ”
“Please, Your Majesty,” Sir Duncan interrupted. “If you’ll just leave everything to us, we’ll be able to clear this whole situation up in no time, I assure you.”
“Sir Duncan, as a Dragon Slayer, I assume you are aware of my authority in this matter?” asked the professor.
The knight glanced at him from beneath a stormy brow. “I am.”
“Then you agree I should be consulted prior to making any decision in any dragon related matters?”
“Is that true?” The King’s eyebrows took a whole ladder of forehead wrinkles with them on their way up.
Sir Duncan growled, “To a point. As far as I am aware, Professor, on a mission such as this, Dragon Slayers are authorised to provide technical advice only. Isn’t that correct?”
“Technically correct, yes. But in the spirit of the matter, it is woefully unjust.”
“Then the mission will proceed as planned. Unless, of course, you can provide us with some technical advice that would suggest otherwise?” The knight leaned back in his chair, his fingers steepled under his chin.
“My thoughts exactly, kind sir. Now, if you wouldn’t mind, I’ll need you to give me an update on the situation in detail.”
The knight’s eyes narrowed. It was obvious, even to Joe, that their presence was rapidly becoming a thorn in the soft and tender under-part of the knight’s otherwise efficient and well-ordered operation. It would have been easier for Sir Duncan to simply ignore them. 
But afterwards there’d probably be ‘questions’. Maybe even ‘difficult questions’. Possibly from knights with greyer moustaches and more serious expressions. And there were witnesses. The King, after all, was watching the discussion with frustratingly careful attention.
Finally, in a gruff voice, Sir Duncan said, “We appear to have an infestation to the north west, a location known as Desolation Spire, I believe. The beast is assumed to be a category three serpent of adult to semi-ancient age. There has been some reported loss of stock, but no human casualties as yet.”
The professor nodded. “Sightings?”
“Several confirmed sightings have been made.” The knight ruffled through his papers, seemingly at random. “None close enough for a positive identification.”
“And no casualties, you say?”
“Not as yet.”
“Has there been any damage to dwellings?”
“None that has been reported.”
The questions continued, but for each the knight had an answer. Joe could see what the professor was trying to do, introduce some doubt into their plans, sow some seed of uncertainty. But it wasn’t working. Sir Duncan’s efficient, reassuringly official words washed over everything. It was like swimming against a current – one made of syrup.
Joe looked at the gathered townspeople. They weren’t even really listening any more, they’d already been hypnotised. They were like tourists, he thought, driving through a war torn city and ooh’ing and ahh’ing at bomb craters and broken buildings, places where people had died. But it didn’t involve them, they were just visiting. They had their comfortable homes to go back to, their flower gardens and friendly neighbours. Let someone else say something, let someone else sort it out.
Then he thought about a little girl, holding three quarters of a teddy bear, standing in front of a strange inn and facing a life without her parents.
Let someone else do something.
He stepped forward, because it was that or drown. The attention of the assembly behind him quivered for a moment, trying to decide whether to pay attention. 
He breathed in, then let it out.
“Excuse me, please,” he said.

Chapter 13

Young Courage

The two small children, who were six – or possibly five – but who were definitely twins, sat together on one of the pews in the town hall. They’d been told to sit down and not disturb anyone and because they were, on the whole, obedient children, that’s exactly what they were doing. However, unlike the rather excited and festive mood of the rest of the town, the children’s mood was…anxious. 
As they watched the knights make their plans and sharpen their weapons, the little girl’s hand squeezed the little boy’s hand until it went white. However, because they were bright as well as obedient, they realised that nothing they said would change what was happening.
But then the tall stranger and the boy in funny clothes had arrived. They’d walked right past everyone and started talking to the knight who was in charge. They looked like they didn’t care that he was a knight. They’d even started asking questions.
While the rest of the little gathering drifted gently back into their daydreams, the eyes of the children watched the two strangers, filled with desperation and…hope.
The boy began to slide forward off the pew, his legs weren’t yet long enough to reach the ground.
“Where are you going,” the girl whispered, squeezing his hand even tighter and glancing at the adults sitting around them.
“We have to do something,” the boy whispered back.
After a moment’s hesitation, the girl slid forward off the pew as well.

Chapter 14

Desolation Spire

“Yes?” snapped Sir Duncan.
Joe felt the knight’s ire settle on him like burning embers. For a moment he was back, standing in front of the headmaster after having been thrown out of class for making farting noises with his armpit. A clutch of anxiety wound itself into a knot in his stomach. Who was he, after all, to disrupt their meeting? What did he really hope to achieve? What could he do…really do?
But he also knew if he stopped, the current would drag him under and he’d never have the courage to struggle back to the surface.
“Err…what is its name?” he asked.
Sir Duncan was getting annoyed. Usually his life was pretty simple – giving orders and having them carried out. Why did people have to go and complicate things by asking questions? Why couldn’t they just do what he told them to do? Was that really so hard?
“The mission,” he growled, “if that is what you mean, has been code named ‘Operation Cerberus’.”
“Ah…I’m sorry, actually that’s not what I…” Joe stopped for a moment. “What? Do you mean, like the three headed dog that guards the gates of Hell?”
The knight frowned. He didn’t particularly like children. He hadn’t spent much time around them and the time he had spent tended to be filled with snotty noses, squeals and unusual smells. He also wasn’t used to children asking him questions. Certainly not children who were clever enough to ask tricky questions. No one else had understood the significance of the code name and he’d been quite pleased when he chose it. It was the sort of name that sounded official, which was always good, and the three headed dog bit fitted in nicely.
He gave Joe a hard look, then turned to the leftenant who whispered something in his ear. With a fleeting glance at Mrs Heynit, he turned back to Joe. 
“Our Intelligence indicates there may be a connection.”
“A connection? But you don’t even know if it’s a bad dragon or not.”
Sir Duncan smirked. He leant forward. “Boy, there is no such thing as a good dragon.”
“Sir Duncan,” It was the King who spoke. “I believe the young man has a point. We haven’t had any reports of anyone being attacked by the dragon. Why are we assuming it’s dangerous?”
“I assure you, Your Majesty, we have dealt with this sort of situation before. We know what we’re doing,” said Sir Duncan.
“But – ” the King began before being cut short by Mrs Heynit. 
“MISTER MAYOR! I don’t think you appreciate how dire this situation is. That monster is sitting up there waiting! It is a DRAGON, Mr Mayor. If something isn’t done, it’ll destroy our crops, kill our livestock and – ”
“Ravage young maidens?” enquired the King with a raised eyebrow and a glance at the dishevelled man lying sprawled across his pew.
Mrs Heynit’s look was all icicles. 
“ – Eat us all alive! I know that may not mean much to you, but some of us have children, Mr Mayor. And I for one am unwilling to sit back and simply hope it will leave us alone. It needs to be destroyed, before it has the chance to destroy us!”
“Yes, yes, thank you, Mrs Heynit,” said Sir Duncan. “I’m sure His Royal Majesty is well aware of the gravity of the situation. Which is why he has entrusted its care into our capable hands. Isn’t that correct, Your Majesty?”
The King frowned but said nothing.
“Now if you’ll excuse us,” Sir Duncan continued, “I believe we can call this meeting to an end and begin making preparations for riding out to dispatch the beast.”
Joe was about to continue when the professor give him an almost imperceptible shake of the head. He nodded towards the side of the hall. Standing there, nervous and apparently forgotten, were two small children. They were holding hands and watching Joe and the professor with a mixture of anguish and…hope.
The professor cleared his throat. 
“I believe, Sir Duncan, before we rush off to do glorious battle, I still have some questions I need to have answered.”
The line of questioning commenced once more, some of which, Joe realised, had already been asked more than once. No one noticed as he made his way towards the children. 
They looked nervous enough to simply turn and run. But they didn’t. Instead the boy motioned for Joe to follow them and together they slipped silently through a side door into another room.
When they were safely out of ear shot, the boy asked hurriedly, “You’re with the Dragon Slayer, aren’t you?”
Joe nodded.
“Then you can tell them to go away? If you’re with the Dragon Slayer they have to listen to you, don’t they?” 
The little boy’s eyes watched Joe, filled with pleading.
Joe quietly asked, “Tell who to go away?”
“THE KNIGHTS! They’re only here because he came. Now they won’t leave until he’s dead. But you…” The boy’s voice trembled with all the hope of a candle in the window on a cold, dark winter’s night. “You can tell them to go away.”
Joe sighed and knelt so that they were at eye level. 
“Who do you mean by ‘he’? Do you mean the dragon? Do you mean ‘Cerberus’?”
The little girl, in a furious whisper, said, “His name’s not Cerberus! It’s Norman. And he’s not a monster, he’s sweet and kind, and he wouldn’t eat anyone.”
“You’ve seen the dragon?” Joe asked carefully.
Both children nodded.
“Okay, perhaps we’re doing this the wrong way. How about we start over?”
He gave them both a reassuring look, and they nodded silently. 
“My name’s Joe. What’re your names?”
“I’m Elijah. This is my sister, Katie,” the boy replied, still fidgeting.
“Well, I’m pleased to meet both of you.” 
He was trying to keep his voice steady, trying to keep the children calm. 
“Now…where exactly did you see the dragon?” 
“His name is Norman,” repeated Katie.
“I’m sorry. Where did you see Norman?”
“Up on the mountain,” said Elijah. “In his cave. We’ve been going there to visit him.”
“He’s been teaching us to read,” added Katie.
“He’s teaching you to read?” Joe asked in surprise.
Both children nodded. 
“I’m already onto my third book and Katie’s almost halfway through her second,” said Elijah, before his look darkened. “But that was…before.”
“Before?” Joe asked quietly.
“Before the others found out.” 
It wasn’t hard to see there was something he was reluctant to reveal.
In a soft voice Katie said, “Tell him, Elijah.”
The little boy looked from his sister to Joe, and then finally at his feet. 
“I didn’t mean to. I mean, I thought she’d like it, I really did.”
“Who would like what?” asked Joe gently.
Elijah had guilt in his eyes, but it was Katie who spoke. 
“Mother,” she said. “He read a poem to her. One he wrote by himself.”
“We didn’t know how to read before Norman came,” said Elijah.
“Ah…” Joe nodded as realisation dawned. “And children usually aren’t taught to read in Monterey?”
Katie shook her head.
“So when you read your poem to your mother,” he said softly to Elijah, “she wanted to know where you’d learnt to read?”
Elijah nodded and his eyes filled with tears. 
“I thought she’d be proud of me. And now they’re going to kill Norman. And it’s all my fault.” 
The tears sent runners down his cheeks and his bottom lip began to tremble. It wasn’t fair, thought Joe. Wargs and ettins he could handle, but tears…tears were personal. Perhaps the Greeks would have thought twice about building an absurd and impractical wooden horse if they’d had a teary eyed, five year old Trojan standing in front of them.
Katie squeezed her brother’s hand and said, “Don’t cry Elijah, it’s going to be all right. Joe’s going to help us, aren’t you Joe?”
“Yes…yes, of course. Don’t worry.” 
“It was Mother who sent for them,” Elijah said. “She made the King call a town meeting, and then she sent a message to the knights.”
“Ah…” Joe said as another piece of the puzzle fell into place. “You’re Mrs Heynit’s children?”
The children both nodded.
The sounds of conversation from the main hall drifted into the room. From the tone and volume of Sir Duncan’s baritone, it sounded like the professor was having some trouble.
“Will you tell them to go away?” asked Elijah, wiping his tears away.
Joe glanced back at the hall and frowned. 
“Even if I did, I don’t think they’d listen.”
“But you’re a Dragon Slayer. They have to listen to you.” Katie’s voice held the same desperate hope as her brother’s.
Joe sighed. This wasn’t going to be easy.
“It’s not just that they won’t listen, I don’t think they want to listen.”
“But they’re going to kill him.” 
Both of the children’s lower lips began to tremble, and Joe wondered just how difficult building an oversized wooden horse really was.
The booming voice of Sir Duncan reverberated into the room. “Damnation, man! I’ve had just about enough of these confounded questions!”
The children were quiet for a moment, watching the doorway. 
Katie asked softly, “What are we going to do?”
Joe leant closer, put an arm around each of them and drew them near.
“We’re going to be brave, okay?” Neither of the children said a word. “And we’re going to have to be clever. If they won’t listen, then we’ll have to find a way to show them. But whatever happens, I want you to keep out of the way. Keep out of the way and keep each other safe, okay? Do you understand?”
Their heads bobbed up and down.
“Okay, I think – ” but he was cut short by the sound of scraping chairs and Sir Duncan’s roaring voice.
“DAMNATION! Dragon Lore or not, I’m not going to waste another moment on these IRRELEVANT BLESSED QUESTIONS! ‘What did I have for breakfast?’ What does that have to do with anything?”
Quietly, he motioned to the two children and together they stole back into the hall.
They found a red faced and incensed Sir Duncan on his feet, shouting orders. 
“Sergeant!  Inform the men we’re moving out  immediately.”
The clanging of armour and weapons filled the hall as the knights, fully armed and armoured, made ready for battle. Sir Duncan passed his various reports and documents to the leftenant, picked up his helmet, placed it firmly under one arm and turned brusquely to the King. 
“Your Majesty,” he said, “we ride now to dispatch the beast plaguing your kingdom. You and your worthy subjects may join us if you wish. If not, then I bid you good day.” 
He turned towards the professor and with substantially less formality said, “Dragon Slayer, I assume you will be present at the encounter? That is, if you can refrain from asking questions for long enough.”
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world, Sir Knight.”
“Very well.” 
With a nod to the sergeant, he strode past the little gathering and out of the Hall. The assembled knights fell into step behind him, their steel covered feet shaking the floor.
Mrs Heynit threw a snide look of self-satisfaction towards the King. She only stopped to admonish Katie and Elijah for not being in their seats before hurrying after Sir Duncan.
After hearing the shrill sounds of surprise from the crowd outside, the king turned a sombre look on the professor and Joe. 
“Well, I guess we’re set on a course of action, whether we like it or not,” he said.
“I’m afraid the knights have their duty to perform, and it would appear nothing will sway them from it,” the professor replied.
“You know, perhaps I was just being naïve, but I was actually hoping we might be able to resolve this without resorting to killing the thing,” said the King.
The professor and Joe shared a brief ‘oh really?’ look.
“But you’re right,” the King continued. “The knights have come here to protect us and we should be thankful for that, I guess.”
“The final scene of this tragedy, Your Majesty, was always destined to be played out on the slopes of Desolation Spire, whatever the outcome,” said the professor.
The King looked at him with a puzzled expression. He looked like a man who wanted to ask a question. Perhaps, Joe thought, it should have been ‘Do people where you come from really talk like that?’ 
The professor simply smiled back at him.
From outside, they heard the jingle of reins and an occasional whinny. The rest of the little gathering had already left the hall to join the spectacle. Even Disgustin’ Eddie had snorted awake and dragged himself, blinking, out into the sunlight.
“Well, for better or worse, I guess we should join them,” the King said with a sigh.
“For better or worse…” Joe concurred.
Outside they found the knights lined up next to their mounts, standing to rigid attention. Sir Duncan and the sergeant were doing an informal troop inspection, occasionally checking pieces of equipment or armour and nodding in satisfaction. The population of the little kingdom watched with the excitement of a royal wedding. After all, they hadn’t had this much entertainment in years.
At the head of the line, the leftenant waited with his commander’s black stallion. Sir Duncan took the reins and, displaying a penchant for the dramatic, spun around to address his men. The mid-afternoon sun flashed across the drawn visors and gleaming breastplates. He took a moment to simply watch and admire. It was self-indulgent, he knew, but there was something about a line of polished shields and lance tips that always brightened his mood.
Finally, in a voice that rock concerted across the town square, he commanded, “KNIGHTS…MOUNT!”
Leather creaked and horses snorted as thirty knights heaved themselves into their saddles, their movements synchronised with tirelessly trained precision. Sir Duncan watched with pride. They were, after all, his men. They were the best and bravest, upholders of justice and righteousness. And my word, he thought, didn’t they look dashing.
With a grunt of effort and some appropriate cursing, mostly about armour not weighing as much when he was younger, Sir Duncan settled into his own saddle. Glancing across the town square to make sure he had everyone’s attention, he held up his right hand.
“KNIGHTS…FOOOORWAAAARD!”
The men spurred their chargers into action. Shod hooves clattered on the cobblestones as the Order of Peregrine standard fluttered from atop raised lances. From the looks on the faces of the gathered villagers, it was a sight that wouldn’t be forgotten for some time. They rode out of the town square and disappeared into the narrow, winding streets, with the throng of onlookers following at their heels.
 “Well, here we go,” the professor said to Joe. “Come on, you can fill me in on the way.”

Chapter 15

Norman

It wasn’t really the sort of place you would choose for an epic confrontation between good and evil, thought Sir Duncan. What you probably would choose, might be a craggy mountain top, perhaps in the middle of a raging storm.
Yes, that sounded more like it.
With the fight to the death gloriously thrown into silhouette by the flash of lightning. The clash of metal and claws set against the music of rolling thunder.
That was something you could tell the grandchildren about.
This, he thought, as a bee buzzed past on its personal treasure hunt, this just wasn’t right.
How could you valiantly slay a dragon in a place that looked like a bowling green? Even the lair had moss growing around it, the sort dotted with those pretty little white and purple flowers and which felt rather nice underfoot. Honestly, it looked like it’d been grown on purpose.
The afternoon sunshine wasn’t helping either. None of the old legends mentioned anything about being gently warmed to the point of drifting off to sleep. 
It didn’t seem to trouble the villagers though. People were actually putting down blankets. Putting down blankets! 
Still it could be worse, he thought. After all, history was littered with tales of heroic exploits that had been somewhat ‘decorated’. 
The Great Battle of Stonington Bridge was a good example. As myth would have it, the heroic Lord Bartleby brought down the wrath of the Gods themselves to single-handedly defeat an invading army of giants, saving the kingdom of Belmarie in the process. 
The battle had, in actuality, amounted to little more than some terse words between the lord and a few goblins, whom he had surprised during their morning forage. And it wouldn’t have taken place at all if the bridge had been wide enough for him to turn his horse around and run away. It was amazing what a little embellishment could achieve.
“Leftenant?”
“SIR!” The knight risked an injury with the enthusiasm he put into snapping to attention.
“Why are all those people sitting on the ground, leftenant?”
“I believe they’re picnicking, sir.”
“Yes, I can see that. Why are they picnicking?”
“Err…well, it is a lovely afternoon, sir.”
“Damn it, man! We’re here to slay a dragon!”
“Yes, sir.”
Sir Duncan growled to himself. Why wasn’t anything ever just…easy?
“What’s our status, sergeant?”
“The men have been deployed, sir,” replied the sergeant, standing considerably less at attention than the leftenant. “Mounted troops are in position, ready for the charge. Ground forces in support.”
“Good.” Sir Duncan nodded, scrutinising the troops. “And what about these sheep?”
A flock of wild sheep which, up until everything started getting exciting, had been idly grazing, were now doing what excited sheep do. They were flocking. Unfortunately they were doing it right across what Sir Duncan had intended to be the field of battle. 
A few knights were amongst them, trying to herd them out of the way.
“They seem somewhat reluctant to be moved on, sir.”
“Hmm…tell me, sergeant, is there anything that has actually gone right today?”
The sergeant gave a noncommittal snort before nodding his head towards the far side of the slope. As if to fulfil some coincidence of poetic timing, the professor and Joe appeared, striding through the crowd.
“I had to ask, didn’t I?” murmured Sir Duncan.
The three knights watched silently as the pair approached. 
“Well…” said the professor, “what a lovely day for a killing.” 
Sir Duncan glowered at him. 
“Still, not really what you’d expect from all the legends, is it?” the professor continued. “Looks more like a place to have a fair, don’t you think?”
“I’m glad to see, Dragon Slayer, that you’ve found the time to grace us with your presence.” 
The sarcasm wasn’t lost on anyone. Anyone except, of course, the professor.
“And a pleasure it is too. After all, we wouldn’t want to slay a dragon without the Dragon Slayer, now would we?” 
With a heavy sigh, he lowered himself onto a handy log. 
“It appears you’re having some trouble with the local wildlife.”
“That is none of your concern, Dragon Slayer.”
They watched as knights chased sheep back and forth across the mountainside.
“Well, I don’t know about you, but I think your team are losing.”
Sir Duncan gave the professor a look that may well have melted a lesser man.
“Leftenant?”
“YES, SIR!” Everyone jumped.
“Leftenant, take some of the lancers and help move those sheep off the battleground.”
“Yes, sir.”
The leftenant barked a few orders and three of the mounted knights followed him down into the midst of the fray. They didn’t seem impressed. Even the chargers looked indignant at being forced to chase after sheep.
But, entertainment is entertainment, and for a while everyone watched as men yelled, sheep panicked and horses galloped impressively across the landscape. Wouldn’t the world be a lot simpler, wondered Joe, if someone had thought to bring along a sheep dog or two? 
Eventually, however, the sheep baa’d their way down the mountainside and out of harm’s way. The knights returned to their positions and everything was once again set for the main event.
Everyone waited.
“I have to admit, the scenery around here is quite stunning,” said the professor, breaking the silence. “I should have brought my paint brushes and watercolours.”
“Dragon Slayer, I would appreciate it if you didn’t distract the rest of us from our task. At any moment now we may very well be fighting for our lives.” 
“My sincerest apologies, Sir Knight. Strictly business from now on.”
Everyone waited again.
Horses snorted and shook their heads, leather creaked and armour jangled, but absolutely no dragon came storming out of its lair to do battle unto the death.
No one spoke. Even the villagers, who had finished their picnics and were now watching with a mood sliding towards boredom, simply sat and watched.
Finally Sir Duncan turned towards the professor and demanded, “WELL?”
“Well what?”
“Why does it not come forth and do battle?”
“My guess is that it’s not anxious to be run through with a lance. But that is, of course, just a guess.”
The knight glanced, with a touch of unease, at the gradually sinking sun.
“If that is the case, how do we draw it out?”
“Perhaps you need a carrot?”
“Stop talking in riddles man!”
The professor nodded towards the cave. “Someone has to go in there and lure it out.”
There was silence for a moment while everyone looked at the cave and thought about teeth, claws and confined spaces.
“Sir, there isn’t enough room in there for a horse to manoeuvre,” said the sergeant.
“YES I KNOW THAT, SERGEANT!” Sir Duncan bellowed.
“Which one of your brave knights is willing to be dragon bait?” asked the professor.
There was no question that every knight would willingly volunteer to go into the dragon’s lair alone. But the sergeant was right, there wasn’t enough room to turn a horse, and on foot the men would be run down before they got a dozen paces. While the dragon stayed hidden inside its cave, it had the advantage. 
Joe took a deep breath.
“I’ll go,” he said.
Everyone turned to look at him.
“I’ll do it,” he repeated.
“Don’t be ridiculous, boy! This isn’t a game. You’ll be killed.”
“So will your men, Sir Duncan.” He said it flatly, without any hint of heroics. 
For a moment the knight appeared on the verge of rebuffing him, but instead turned to the professor.
“I won’t allow it, Dragon Slayer. There must be another way.”
“I’m afraid there is no other way. And in all honesty, Sir Duncan, young Joseph here has more chance than any of your knights of returning from that cave alive and well.”
“You would willingly send a child into the waiting jaws of a dragon?” Sir Duncan seemed taken aback.
“Au contraire, my splendidly moustached fellow. I would willingly send my apprentice into the waiting jaws of a dragon. He does, after all, possess at least an elementary understanding of Dragon Lore.”
The sergeant growled, “Sir, we can’t let a child go in there. It’s not right.”
“You can, sergeant. And you will,” replied the professor.
Sir Duncan thought for a moment, and then slowly nodded.
“It is his decision, sergeant. If the Dragon Slayer agrees then we cannot stop him.”
“We should at least send one of the men with him,” said the leftenant. “It’d be safer.”
Joe shook his head.
“No, I’ll go alone.”
Although the knights had no illusions about Joe actually surviving, let alone succeeding, they did admire his courage. Their looks appeared to border on respect.
“Very well, young man,” said Sir Duncan solemnly. “The duty is given into your charge. I do not envy you this task, nor do I expect to see you again once you enter the beast’s lair, but we will honour your request.”
Joe nodded. “Thank you, Sir Duncan.” 
The professor was silent for a moment before he quietly said, “Good luck, Joe.”
“Thanks, Captain.”
And with no more formalities, Joe began the long walk towards the dragon’s lair.

*

It’s funny, the things you remember. Memories seem to exist in a little world of their own, spinning and colliding without us really having much say in the matter. There are your everyday, ordinary memories, that disappear almost as soon as they’re made, like what you had for dinner last week or which shirt you wore to your Aunt June’s dinner party. Then there are the special memories, the ones that seem to stick around, like perhaps learning to skip stones across a pond for the first time.
But there are also other memories. The ones that you know you’re going to remember. The ones you remember for the rest of your life, even if you don’t want to.
Joe remembered sitting in his parent’s kitchen. His mother was kneeling in front of him, explaining something with lots of words like ‘love’ and ‘always’ and ‘visit’. But even if he tried, he couldn’t remember exactly what she’d said to him that night. 
What he did remember were the two expensive travel bags sitting at the front door, which seemed oddly out of place in the little apartment. He remembered his father standing silently, arms crossed and back turned, staring out the window. He remembered wondering why his mother was wearing makeup, and could even remember the smell of her perfume.
But most of all, he remembered wishing it wasn’t happening. He knew it was selfish, but he wanted to live in a family where his parents loved each other, where they had a big back yard for him to play, where he didn’t have to go away to boarding school and where it always snowed at Christmas. Okay, perhaps the snow at Christmas was pushing his luck – but the rest of it? Why couldn’t his life just be normal? Why couldn’t he be normal?
That’s what he remembered. Then the taxi had come and taken his mother away…
It’s funny, the things you remember.
As he walked towards the dragon’s lair, Joe felt the eyes of the people of Monterey, the knights, the professor and especially those of the twins, watching him. He knew walking across the grass, with the smell of the mountain air and the afternoon sun sinking in the Monet-like sky, was going to be one of those ‘other’ memories. And perhaps that wasn’t such a bad thing.

*

After having spoken to the twins, he knew he shouldn’t have been surprised by what he found, but perhaps some stereotypes are just too strong. There was lavender growing at the front of the cave…lavender! 
He looked back at the onlookers. They were lined up like a football crowd. They wanted to kill a dragon and it didn’t seem to matter which one. Even one that decorated its home with lavender, apparently.
Inside, the cave was illuminated by candle light. Although far more cave-like than Floyd’s luxurious lair, the air was nonetheless welcoming and warm, with perhaps a hint of incense.
As he emerged into the cave proper, Joe saw books. Lots of books. They were stacked in neat piles or sorted on book shelves. There wasn’t a corner of the cave that didn’t have at least a few books.
But that wasn’t what made Joe pause.
There, right in front of him, laying on a huge shaggy rug, was the dragon. It was enormous, even larger than Floyd.
And it was reading. With claws carefully covered with leather stoppers, the huge, azure eyes were almost cross-eyed looking at the tiny print. Slowly, however, they lost their focus on the book and glided across the room to rest on Joe.
Suddenly he wasn’t a dragon slayer’s apprentice any longer. He was just a schoolboy in his pyjamas.
“And who might you be?” the dragon asked.
“Err…” Joe hesitated. “My name is Joseph, but my friends call me Joe.”
The dragon was silent for a moment, thoughtful, before it rumbled, “You’re a little strangely dressed for a knight.”
“Um…Actually I’m not a knight.”
“Then what are you, Joseph whose friends call you Joe?” 
The dragon leaned closer.
Don’t say ‘Dragon Slayer’, Joe thought, Oh Lord, don’t say ‘Dragon Slayer’.
“I’m a…err…I’m…um…just a boy.”
“And why, may I ask, did they send just a boy in a knight’s stead?”
“Well, actually, I volunteered,” Joe said, but his voice cracked on the ‘eered’ and he had to cough politely and repeat himself.
“You volunteered?” repeated the dragon, seemingly puzzled. “Why?”
“I wanted to meet you.”
“Did you?” The surprise in the dragon’s voice was genuine. “Aren’t you afraid I’ll eat you?”
“Well…yes.”
“And you came anyway?”
Joe nodded. “It was either me or one of the knights, and…well…I figured at least I’d probably taste better.”
A trace of a smile flickered, just for an instant, across the dragon’s face. 
“Well, I guess that’s yet to be seen, isn’t it?” In a voice that vibrated its way up through Joe’s feet, it asked, “Why do you smell of dragons?”
He probably should have been able to guess that question was coming. It would have been nice if he’d had an answer ready.
“I…err…have an acquaintance who’s a dragon.”
“An acquaintance of dragons?” It raised an eyebrow.
“Well, more of a friend, really,” Joe said. “He’s waiting for us on the other side of town.” 
“Is he? Are the knights intent on his demise as well?”
“Actually, I don’t think they know about him yet. Apparently he’s quite inconspicuous.”
“Really?” the dragon said. “Interesting…” 
Its eyes moved to the hilt of the tiny sword protruding from Joe’s dressing gown. 
“And what are you intending to do with that?”
Joe sighed. This was the bit he’d been dreading.
“I think the villagers are expecting me to be a hero.”
“By slaying a dragon, perhaps?”
“They’re afraid you’ll destroy their crops and…err… ravage their young maidens.”
The dragon frowned. 
“Don’t you mean ‘eat’?”
Joe paused for a moment. 
“Crops or maidens?”
The dragon’s frown deepened.
“Why?” 
“Why what?”
“Why do they think I’ll destroy their crops…and… things?”
Joe didn’t like the answer but knew it needed to be said. 
“Because you’re a dragon.”
“Ahh…” The dragon nodded. “Yes. Yes, I am.” 
It looked ruefully down at its own claws. In that moment, Joe couldn’t help but feel a touch of pity. After all, it hadn’t asked to be hunted down. It hadn’t done anything to deserve ending up on the business end of a lance. But the knights had come anyway and, because scared people do scared people things, they would kill it without remorse and without mercy.
“For the want of a quiet place to rest…”  it mused.
“I guess that’s not an easy thing for a dragon to find,” said Joe.
The dragon smiled wryly.
“You know I could destroy them if I wanted to.” It was a statement rather than a question. “My bones will probably ache and I’ll be sore for a week, but I’m not quite so old that I can’t defend myself.”
“Is that what you want?” Joe asked.
The dragon was silent for a moment. 
“It wouldn’t be the first time.”
He probably shouldn’t have been surprised. After all, that was what dragons did, wasn’t it? But he was surprised. No matter how hard Joe tried, he just couldn’t imagine Floyd ‘destroying’ anybody.
“I’ve done my share of gnawing on the bones of knights looking to make a name for themselves. For all the good it did, I guess.”
It’s eyes focused on Joe once more. They whispered of anguish and anger.
“They killed my parents.”
“Did…err…did they?”
The dragon watched him for a moment. It was a long moment. After all, they weren’t exactly reminiscing over a cup of hot cocoa. But eventually its eyebrows furrowed and it looked away.
“They found them up by the Black Spur Mountains, in the wild lands. My father was mostly blind and half crippled by then, and my mother had to provide for him. One morning when they left their cave the knights were waiting.”
Pain, cold and stark, cast shadows across its face.
“There were some dark years after that. I did things I don’t like to remember, but I still think about them… sometimes.”
Joe didn’t know what to say. He’d been feeling sorry for himself because his mother had left to live in Canada, and his father had to work too hard. But at least they were both still alive.
“I’m sorry,” he said gently. “About your parents.”
The dragon’s look softened and it said, “Thank you.”
The problem with uncomfortable silences, thought Joe, is that they’re uncomfortable. And they don’t get any more comfortable the longer they last.
“Err…Can I ask you a question,” Joe ventured.
“Yes?”
“Why do you have so many books? It seems a bit odd.” 
“Odd? For a dragon?”
“You do have a lot.”
“Yes I do, don’t I?”
The dragon cast a gaze around the cave and thought for a moment. “Do you know what the first book I ever read was?”
Joe shook his head. 
“It was a book of poetry.” 
“Really?”
“I found it, just lying in the dirt. I think someone had tried using it to light a fire. Heathens.”
“Well I guess that’s better than using it in the toilet. At least from the book’s point of view,” said Joe.
“Yes, I guess you’re right,” the dragon smiled. “The only poem left in it was about a boy lying in a field of poppies, looking up at the clouds. And do you know something? When I read it, I wasn’t a Dragon any more. I was that boy, lying in that field. I could smell the flowers and I could see the sky, just as clearly as if I’d been there myself.”
“Yeah, poetry can do that.” Although that didn’t include the broken and stammered poetry he heard at St. George’s. That poetry kept Joe firmly and securely in the classroom, and just made him wish he was somewhere else.
“It opened another world up to me. In it I could be an explorer, or a dancer, or even the wind. It was a world where I didn’t have to be a dragon!”
Joe felt the passion in its voice. It was hard to miss, the walls shook with it.
“I’ve spent years collecting them. They’re my little windows into other worlds.”
Little windows, Joe thought. How often, when reading a book in his tiny dormitory room, had he thought exactly the same thing?
“You’ve been collecting them for years? But you haven’t been here – in Monterey, I mean – for that long?”
The dragon nodded.
“Where were you before you came here?”
“I hid myself away in a corner where no one could find me. I didn’t want to have to…”
“Defend yourself?” offered Joe.
“It was just me and the books. There was all the time in the world to read, and no one to find me.”
“Then why did you come to Monterey?” Joe asked.
It didn’t answer, but Joe thought he could guess the reason. The problem with being an explorer, or a dancer, or a boy lying in a field of poppies, is eventually you have to come back. Maybe returning to a damp, dark corner of oblivion wasn’t something to look forward to. But perhaps it was more than that. Perhaps deep down the dragon actually wanted to be discovered. 
And then two children had stumbled upon it.
The dragon read the understanding on Joe’s face.
“And then the knights came,” it said.
“And then the knights came,” Joe agreed.
“I expect they’ve got a good villainous name picked out for me?”
“Cerberus.”
There was a flicker of surprise.
“Like the three headed dog?”
Joe nodded.
“Well at least I guess it’s better than none at all. It’s a terrible thing to die a nameless death.”
“But it’s not your name, is it?” Joe asked.
“No. But I guess they’re not particularly interested in getting acquainted on a first name basis.”
“Your real name is Norman, isn’t it?”
Norman didn’t say anything, but his eyes watched Joe carefully.
“Katie and Elijah told me,” Joe offered.
“Yes, I can see that.”
“They said you’ve been teaching them to read.”
Norman nodded slowly.
“They don’t seem terribly concerned you’ll eat them.”
“No,” Norman agreed. “I don’t seem to be able to stop them from coming and bothering me.”
“They’re both very fond of you, you know.”
The dragon didn’t say anything for a while. Perhaps memories of the twins were an uncomfortable reminder of the fleeting happiness they’d brought, given the current circumstances.
Finally he smiled and said, “You know, when they first came here, Katie couldn’t pronounce the letter ‘K’. She used to pronounce it as a ‘T’. She called herself ‘Tatie’. I think it was the most adorable thing I’ve ever heard. How is it that I can strike fear into the hearts of the bravest men, but I’m completely lost at the simplest words of a child?”
“And you call yourself a dragon?”
Norman rumbled something between a chuckle and a smirk.
“So, instead of eating them, you taught them to read.”
“Yes, I taught them to read.”
But he hadn’t just taught them to read, thought Joe. He’d taught them to love reading.
“They’re outside with the rest of the townsfolk,” Joe said.
“Yes, I thought perhaps they might be.”
“They’ve been doing their best to try to stop…” he’d been going to say ‘them killing you’ but decided against it, “err…everything.”
“Are they having any success?”
“Not really. People don’t tend to listen to children.”
“Hmm…I know how they feel.”
He lowered his head and rested it on his enormous paws.
“So, what are we going to do?”
“We?” Joe raised an eyebrow.
“Unless you’ve got somewhere more important to be.”
“I thought you were deciding whether or not to eat me.”
“That particular decision is still pending. And until then, you are the designated ‘hero’, even if you don’t quite fit the mould.”
“Yes.” Joe nodded. “You have a point.”
“So, what’s your plan?”
Joe had been wondering the same thing. Unfortunately he and the professor hadn’t planned any further than getting into the cave. Now he was on his own.
But their conversation had started him thinking, and one detail kept floating to the surface. The more he thought about it, the more it made a crazy kind of sense. He reached into his pocket and drew out the book of Tennyson.
“You know what, Norman?” he said, running his thumb across the cover. “I think we might have to give them what they want.”
“What do you have in mind?”
“We’re going to give them a show.”

Chapter 16

Give Them a Show

The argument had been going on for a while. Voices were raised in agitation, faces were red with exasperation and, at any moment, someone was liable to lose their temper and say something they’d probably regret later. Perhaps something like ‘that moustache makes you look like Groucho Marx’. There was, understandably, a lot of tension in the air.
Well, that’s to say, there was a lot of tension for some people. For the professor though, things were going along just swimmingly. He was lying on the ground, his head resting against the log, with his helmet pulled down over his eyes.
“Face it, Dragon Slayer, the boy’s been eaten.”
“Patience, Sir Knight, patience.” The professor stifled a yawn.
“Damn it man! He’s been in there for an hour! An hour! What’s he doing, having a tea party?”
“I assure you, Sir Duncan, Joe will have the situation well in hand.”
“He’ll be well on the way to padding the dragon’s behind, more like it.”
“That seems quite a dire prediction, Sir Duncan. I’m surprised. Especially for someone usually as jovial as yourself.”
“Well, what other explanation do you have?”
“Perhaps they’re playing a game of chess?” the professor offered.
“Chess…? It’s a dragon!”
“All the more reason for a nice friendly game. Probably doesn’t get much competition up this way.”
“I may not be a Dragon Slayer, sir, but one thing I do know is that dragons most certainly do not play chess!”
There was a pause. “Checkers?”
“The boy’s been eaten! We – you and I, Dragon Slayer – are responsible for sending him to his death.”
The professor lifted the visor of his helmet, just enough to peer at the knight.
“Sir Duncan, any knight you sent into that cave wouldn’t have come back either. Not after an hour, and most likely not ever again.”
“That may be true, but at least we wouldn’t have sent a child to his death.”
“No, you would have sent a knight to his death.”
“Then he would have died as a knight should – gloriously!”
“There is an important word in that sentence, and it’s not ‘gloriously’.”
Sir Duncan’s face turned from scarlet to a nice, deep shade of mauve.
“Confound it, man! Your boy has been eaten, there is still a beast to be slain, and all you do is jest?”
“I find it helps.”
“Well, whether you are willing to accept it or not, we have a duty to perform. The day will not wait for us.” The shadows were already running away across the slopes. With a finality reserved solely for the terminally serious, Sir Duncan added, “My duty, Dragon Slayer, is to protect the good people of this kingdom. The dragon must be slain.”
He turned to the sergeant. “Sergeant, prepare the men and appoint a volunteer.”
“Sir Duncan,” the professor sighed. “I can appreciate your relatively melancholy appraisal of the situation. After all, I expect all you believe we require from our tasty little dragon appetiser is to run into that cave, pretend to be an hors d'oeuvre, then run back out again. But unfortunately luring a dragon to its inevitable demise takes somewhat more skill and patience than you apparently warrant it. I assure you, Joe is alive and well, and has the situation under complete control.”
Sir Duncan looked at the professor in disbelief. Then, livid with rage, he bellowed, “HE’S BEEN EAT – ” but he was silenced by a gasp of surprise from the villagers and knights alike. 
There, unscathed and decidedly un-eaten, walking with a sense of purpose towards them across the open ground, was the diminutive figure of Joe.

*

Joe strode across the field of battle with an outward appearance of far more determination, and far less trepidation, than he was actually feeling. He had one hand on Lumiera, strapped to his side, and made sure he kept his head nice and high in what he hoped looked like a bearing of proud nobility. He guessed, however, it probably just made him look like he had wind. He’d left his dressing gown behind, it was too covered in grime to be much use as a robe any more, and instead had to content himself with cutting a dashing figure in his pyjamas and slippers.
He’d been as quick as he was able and, even with cutting corners, he’d still taken far longer than a tempting, boy-sized dragon lure should. He just hoped it wouldn’t be a wasted effort.
The villagers were still lined up, still waiting for their first goal. They were watching him with looks ranging from surprise to disbelief and even, in the case of those of a gambling nature, flushed delight to open disappointment.
He kept his stride at an even, measured pace. That was important, appearance was everything. Make it look good. That’s what he intended. The rest was up to Norman.
It wasn’t until he was, at a guess, bang in the middle of the field of battle that Joe stopped. Everyone – knights, villagers, the professor and even the few remaining sheep – they all had a perfect view of where he stood. 
He turned to face the dragon’s lair.
And then Norman appeared.
He stalked out of the shadows like a beautiful nightmare. One moment he was just a wisp of smoke and an imagined horror, the next he stood before them in all his terrifying glory. The rays of the setting sun, which had lit the mountainside, now shone from Norman’s scales and turned him into a…well, Joe wanted to say ‘a blinding jewel’ but, maybe ‘blinding’ and ‘jewel’ were a bit too much to hope for. After all, he’d just spent the better part of an hour using his dressing gown to scrub Norman’s scales clean. He could still see some streaks that he’d missed.
Norman raised himself up, blazing in the sunset, and let out a roar. And just for that moment, just as everything slipped into slow motion, Joe’s heart stopped beating. He’d only guessed at how chilling a sight Norman would make. It was hypnotic, like watching a tornado. All the while, his ancestral monkey screamed at him to find the nearest tree and climb it.
The sound rolled its way across the mountainside like a summer storm. It boomed past the onlookers and echoed its way towards the distant mountain peaks. Norman, without question, had everyone’s very direct attention.
With a shudder he bristled his armour, letting each spike and scale catch the light, casting crazy flashes in all directions. As grand entrances went, it was hard to beat.
Joe felt the tremor of each foot fall as Norman stalked across the battle ground toward him. From behind, he could hear the knights barking orders, but now for some reason they sounded far off, as if coming through a fog. Everything had taken on a slightly dreamlike quality.
Then Norman stood in front of him. With teeth bared and wings spread in magnificent horror, and a motion that was almost imperceptible, he gave Joe a wink. Knights and dragon slaying aside, Norman certainly seemed to have a flair for the dramatic.
Resting back onto his haunches, cat-like, his head was only a few yards away from where Joe stood, his glittering eyes oceans of water so deep the sunlight never touched the bottom. He watched Joe with an unnerving purpose.
From behind them the sergeant’s orders cut across the battle ground like a bugle. They were probably preparing to charge. But they couldn’t just yet because Joe was still in the way. If they charged, he’d be run down and killed.
Then again, they probably figured the dragon was going to eat him anyway, so either way he was in trouble. He never thought he’d be so grateful for the absence of thundering hooves, and instead hear the booming voice of Sir Duncan.
“BOY…? BOY…? GET OUT OF THE BLESSED WAY, CONFOUND IT ALL!…BOY?”
Then Norman spoke – and everything else stopped.
His voice started as a tremor through the mountainside, like an approaching avalanche. It vibrated its way up through Joe’s body and shivered across his senses. The words washed over him, the world disappeared and all that was left was Norman’s gentle, rhythmic voice –

“Willows whiten, aspens quiver,
Little breezes dusk and shiver
Thro’ the wave that runs for ever
By the island in the river
Flowing down to Camelot.
Four gray walls, and four gray towers,
Overlook a space of flowers,
And the silent isle imbowers
The Lady of Shalott.”

The words flooded around him. He was a child again, sitting on his father’s knee, nestled reassuringly into a world of strong arms and a giant’s chest, listening to his father’s voice as he read from The Hobbit, or The Wind in the Willows, or Watership Down.
And slowly, through the sunset haze, he began to see it. He could see the willows and the aspens. He could see the river and the garden of flowers. He could even see the little wave, created by the currents in the water, rolling forever but never moving. They swirled in front of him, ghost images caught in a world between reality and imagination, and brought to life by Norman’s voice.

“A bow-shot from her bower-eaves,
He rode between the barley sheaves,
The sun came dazzling thro’ the leaves,
And flamed upon the brazen greaves
Of bold Sir Lancelot.
A red-cross knight for ever kneel’d
To a lady in his shield,
That sparkled on the yellow field,
Beside remote Shalott.”

Norman’s voice began to grow softer. The flood of words slowed until they were just a trickle. The images still danced in the air; the flash of polished armour, the glint and sparkle of sunlight on the water, the snowy white robes of the Lady as she lay down for her final journey; but now they seemed further away, less substantial. As Norman’s words softened, so the images began to slip away, drifting like a morning mist. The last words were spoken in little more than a whisper. Through the mist, watching Joe and bringing him gradually back from that in-between place, were the bottomless pools of Norman’s eyes.

“Who is this? And what is here?
And in the lighted palace near
Died the sound of royal cheer;
And they cross’d themselves for fear,
All the knights at Camelot;
But Lancelot mused a little space;
He said, “She has a lovely face;
God in his mercy lend her grace,
The Lady of Shalott.”

Norman’s voice died away. The words faded and left a silence no one wanted to break. Even the horses were still. With Norman glowing in the last of the sun’s rays, Joe thought that a few moments of silence were just perfect.
But slowly the onlookers began to stir. Camelot, the island in the river, the barley covered hills and fields, they all drifted away and left people blinking in the mountain sunset. The little windows, where the only boundaries were those of Tennyson’s words, had closed. After all, it had only been a glimpse.
And now it was Joe’s turn to work the magic.
Softly enough that no one other than Norman could hear him, Joe asked, “Are you sure about this?”
The dragon simply nodded.
Joe sighed grimly. His own role, as daunting as it was, would be a lot shorter and simpler than Norman’s had been.
Appearance is everything. 
He straightened up, standing, he hoped, rather impressively tall. With a single fluid motion he drew Lumiera from her sheath and held the sword theatrically high above his head. Even though the sun was already touching the horizon and everything else was awash in crimson, Lumiera’s blade shone with a silver light. Perhaps she knew that she had a part to play too, and was adding her own little flourish.
Make it look good.
He approached Norman, close enough that he could reach out and touch the dragon’s chest. It was covered in the same impenetrable scales that covered the rest of his body. But there was a spot, down under the front leg, where the scales were a lot smaller. They needed to be, so Norman could walk and move about without sounding like an army of pot and pan salesmen. In patches Joe could even see the soft, leathery dragon hide showing through. That was a dragon’s Achilles Heel. You could hammer away at the scales on its back all day long and end up with nothing more than a ringing headache, but with a delicate touch in just the right place – right where Norman had shown him…
The dragon’s eyes watched him, the light from the sunset dancing across their still waters. What would the townsfolk and the knights do, he wondered, when that light dimmed and Norman finally closed them forever? Would they care? Would they perhaps wish for another ending? But that’s the thing about tragedies, isn’t it? They never have a happy ending. After all, Romeo and Juliet didn’t get married and move away to a quiet little town on the coast.
Joe hesitated for only a moment. Then he stepped forward and thrust Lumiera between the smaller scales, through the leathery hide and straight into Norman’s heart.

Chapter 17

Ding Dong, The Witch Is Dead

Sleeping Beauty – there’s a fairy tale. That’s the sort of thing you remember when you’re tucked away in bed and the lights have been turned off. It’s the sort of thing that seeps inside and changes you, without you even realising.
An evil fairy godmother who curses a princess then turns into a dragon before she is eventually valiantly slain by Prince Charming. Everyone knows the story, it’s become what we expect. Good over evil. Truth over deceit. It’s what we know is right.
But it’s just a children’s story. It’s not real. Everyone knows that, too. Of course it’s not real. There’s no such thing as dragons and witches. It’s just a fairy tale. Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm knew that. Walt Disney knew it. Everyone knows it’s not real. So when the nightmarish dragon is towering over Prince Charming, with seemingly the whole world on fire, and with his last ounce of strength the brave prince thrusts his magic sword into the beast’s heart, bringing down half the mountainside in the process, we can all cheer. It’s what we expect. It’s what is right.
But what if it wasn’t just a story…? What if it was real…?
Norman closed his eyes and rested his head gently on the ground as if he were simply going to sleep. Then, with a soft sigh, his breathing stopped and he died. The terrible beast had been slain.

Chapter 18

Repentance

It was the light that Joe noticed the most. Or perhaps, more specifically, the lack of it. Finally the sun had dipped its head, submerging the mountainside into shadow. Only the snow-capped peaks still blazed the day’s final farewell.
For a moment Norman had been alive, standing before them, dazzling in the sunset. Now he lay still and lifeless, his scales dulled with the tarnish of twilight.
No one spoke and no one moved. Not even Sir Duncan. Joe ran his hand along the scales on Norman’s neck. They were still warm, like the embers of a fire. 
Then a cry broke the silence. Two small, struggling figures managed to detach themselves from the crowd and ran across the slope towards Joe. He recognised them at once. He had no idea what he was going to say when they arrived. What could he say? He knew, no matter what he told them, in the end he’d still have to watch their hearts break.
Katie was the first to arrive, with Elijah stumbling along behind. She looked at Joe through eyes swimming with tears. 
“He’s just pretending, isn’t he?” she asked, her voice shaking. “He’s not really d…” but her voice broke on the word. 
She glanced at Norman, but only for an instant. Perhaps as long as she couldn’t see him, as long as she didn’t look, then it wasn’t real. 
“It’s…it’s like those carnival people last spring.”
“Yes, I remember,” chimed Elijah with a flicker of desperate hope. “There was a king who got stabbed, and at the end he got up and was okay again.”
Joe didn’t say anything.
“That’s what he’d doing, isn’t it, Joe?” Elijah’s eyes echoed the pain and despair in his voice. Joe couldn’t look at them, and instead looked at the ground.
“No,” he said softly.
But Elijah had already fallen silent. His gaze was fixed on the hilt of Lumiera, still firmly embedded in Norman’s motionless chest.
“Please, Joe.” Katie’s voice was so small he almost missed it. “Please make him wake up.”
“I’m sorry, Katie.”
The ocean finally burst and the tears began to stream down her cheeks. 
“But…but you promised. You said – ”
“It’s what he wanted.”
Joe noticed that the rest of the villagers, led by Sir Duncan and the knights, had begun making their way across the slope towards them.
“But it wasn’t meant to be like this,” Elijah said through his own tears. “We didn’t want him to get hurt.”
What could he say? Eventually, it had all come down to a single choice, one which only Norman had been prepared to make. Would it help? Would it change anything? Would anybody other than the three of them even care? Joe felt Katie’s small hand, warm and soft, slip into his own. He looked down into her tear streaked face.
With a wobbling bottom lip she said, “Please, Joe, please make him all right again…please…”
He knelt down on one knee and gently put his arms around the two children. He hugged them, just like his father had done to him when he was smaller.
Then, softly, he said, “He didn’t want anyone to get hurt, do you understand? This was the only way he could be sure.”
“He could have flown away,” Katie said.
“And gone where?” Joe asked carefully. “To the next town? To the next kingdom? What then? Should he wait until the knights find him there as well?”
It came out more forcefully than he had intended, but in a way he was glad. He hoped it carried to the people beginning to gather around them.
“But we wanted him to fly away,” Elijah pleaded. “We didn’t want him to stay if he was going to get hurt.”
“He could have come back,” Katie said quietly. “Once everyone had forgotten about him.”
“He wouldn’t have ever come back,” Joe said, but didn’t really expect the twins to understand.
He felt a touch on his shoulder and looked up to see the professor standing beside him. The King and Sir Duncan were there as well, along with several of the knights. The rest of the villagers were keeping a respectful distance and had formed into a sort of semicircle around Norman’s body.
Joe stood up, keeping a comforting hand on each of the twins, and turned to face the knights. Sir Duncan looked at Lumiera, protruding from Norman’s chest like an obscenity, shook his head and asked simply, “Why?”
“Why what?” replied Joe.
“Why did you slay it?”
“Because he was a dragon.”
“But it didn’t even fight.”
“He didn’t want anyone to get hurt.”
“But…but it was a dragon.”
“Sir, it spoke of Camelot,” said the leftenant. “And Lancelot…”
For the first time since Joe had met him, Sir Duncan seemed uncertain of himself. He didn’t say anything, he just looked at Norman and frowned.
“Err…what exactly do you mean by ‘he’?” asked the King.
“The dragon was a ‘he’,” replied Joe. “His name was Norman.”
“Norman?” The King’s voice showed his surprise. “How do you know that?”
“I asked him.”
“You spoke to the dragon?”
Joe nodded.
There was an uncomfortable silence while everyone did the mental arithmetic. Norman had sacrificed himself rather than risk harming them by defending himself. Now the realisation was dawning. He had become more than simply a children’s story, a thing to be feared in the dark, and now they were the reason he was dead. And their world was all the more ugly for it.
There was some commotion as Mrs Heynit pushed her way to the front of the crowd. Composing herself, she strode across to stand in front of the little gathering. She glanced at Norman’s body, but didn’t allow her eyes to linger.
Turning to Joe she said, “Well done, young man. I’m sure we’ll all sleep a lot safer in our beds from now on.”
Joe didn’t say anything. With some people there was just no point.
“Come along children.” She reached out her hands to take hold of Elijah and Katie. “We should be getting home now. We can leave the rest to Sir Duncan. I’m sure his knights are more than capable of handling things from here.”
But Katie stepped back, away from Joe and out of her mother’s grasp.
“No,” she said. “I’m not going.”
“Young lady!” Her mother’s voice had an edge that could have cut steel.
“I don’t believe you, any of you,” she said through a fresh bout of tears. “He’s not dead, he can’t be dead, he’s magical. He’s just pretending because…because…he doesn’t like crowds.” 
It was one of those stupid, irrational things that people, especially children, say when they’re upset. Joe had said similar things himself, which he’d always regretted later. But even so, Katie’s words made him pause.
Mrs Heynit looked furious. She seemed on the verge of lunging after Katie and, if not for a restraining hand and a few quiet words from the professor, may well have grabbed both children and stormed off right then.
Katie turned and ran to where Norman’s huge head lay peacefully on the ground, rubbing the tears from her eyes with tiny clenched fists. She was absurdly small against the dragon’s enormous silhouette. Above them, the fire in the clouds had burnt down to a gentle smoulder and the first stars had begun to appear. 
In a tiny voice, meant only for herself and Norman but which nevertheless carried clearly in the mountain’s silence, Katie said, “Please wake up, Norman.”
Joe didn’t want to watch. No matter how much he wanted to comfort her and tell her everything was going to be all right, it wouldn’t stop the barbed wire in his chest from twisting. Instead, he glanced at the horizon. In the gathering darkness, a faint glow was just beginning to show across the mountain tops to the east.
“Elijah and I stayed away, just like we promised. Because you didn’t want us to get hurt. But you don’t have to worry anymore, the people aren’t scared of you now. They know you wouldn’t hurt them.”
Joe turned to watch Sir Duncan. The knight’s expression was changing from confusion to something else. Hopefully, Joe thought, it was something that had a good deal of guilt.
“And I need you to help me finish my book. Elijah tries to help but he doesn’t know what the big words mean. He’s not like you, Norman.” Her voice began to tremble. “Please, Norman… Please wake up…”
The silence stretched into the night, punctuated only by Katie’s sobs. Joe knew it couldn’t have been more than a minute or two, but it seemed like a lifetime.
Finally, quietly, the King said, “It – I’m sorry, he – was teaching the children to read?”
“It would appear so,” replied the professor.
“Why weren’t we informed of this earlier?” the King asked, rounding on Mrs Heynit.
“I hardly see that it makes any difference, Mr Mayor. It was still a dragon. It was a dark cloud of death hanging over all of us. We’re better off without it,” she replied.
“HE GAVE A POETRY RECITAL, Mrs Heynit!” The King’s temper appeared to be wandering around somewhere in the wilderness, in rather substantial danger of becoming hopelessly lost.
“It was a dragon, Mr Mayor!” Mrs Heynit’s voice was high and scratchy.
“Dragon or not, he hardly seemed ready to devour us in our sleep!”
“Well, yes, those poets do tend to be a dangerous lot,” the professor said lightly.
There was a moment of silence as the King and Mrs Heynit glared at one another.
“Err…Sir Duncan?” Joe asked in the moment of strained calm. “What are your thoughts?”
Sir Duncan, startled out of his own reverie by the sudden attention, harrumphed, tugged at this leather gloves and looked serious.
“Yes…err…well, it does seem a little…err…unusual.”
“Perhaps,” Joe continued, “the predictions of fire and brimstone were somewhat premature?”
“Err…yes, well…perhaps we were a little…err…hasty in our assessment of the situation. Perhaps further initial consultation with the local authorities may have been more …beneficial.” He mumbled something else into his moustache that Joe didn’t quite catch. It had words like ‘insufficient intelligence’ and ‘unsupported evidence’. But in the end he simply turned to the professor and asked, “Camelot? How the devil did it know about Camelot?”
The professor shrugged.
Joe noticed people were beginning to leave. Solemn faces in twos and threes, carrying picnic baskets and tearful children, were making their way quietly back down the mountain. The silver disk of the moon, now two days past full, had cleared the mountain tops to illuminate their way.
“I fear a grave injustice has been done this day,” the King said.
“You sound like you would prefer that it were still alive!” Mrs Heynit retorted.
“Yes, Mrs Heynit, yes I do, don’t I? We have destroyed a creature whose only crime was, when given the chance to devour both of your children, chose instead to teach them to read.” His voice was raised, loud and angry. It echoed off the mountainside. “He was not a ‘dark cloud of death hanging over all of us’, Mrs Heynit, and our actions here today have been reprehensible.”
Joe let the King’s echoes die before he spoke. His own voice was quiet and calm.
“If you were given the choice again, Your Majesty, would you choose a different ending for the people of Monterey?”
Joe caught a flicker of comprehension on the professor’s face. Perhaps he was the only one who guessed the true meaning of Joe’s question. His eyes sparkled as he crossed his arms and rested his chin on a thumb and forefinger to cover his smile.
The King’s anger was still simmering, but he seemed to calm down a little when he looked at Joe.
“I’m sorry?”
“Would you choose a different ending for your kingdom?”
“Given the choice? I don’t think anyone here would argue.” He frowned at Mrs Heynit. “Yes, I would willingly choose differently for Monterey.”
Joe nodded, then turned to Sir Duncan.
“And what about you, Sir Knight?” he asked. “Would you choose differently for yourself and your men?”
Sir Duncan’s eyebrows creased into a scowl. He looked at Katie, her tiny outline still visible, now quietly kneeling beside Norman’s lifeless head.
“This day has brought no honour to our order.” His voice could have been boulders grinding together. “I would indeed choose differently for the Knights of the Order of Peregrine.”
“Mrs Heynit?” Joe asked, turning to the twin’s mother.
“Yes?”
Her manner was uncharacteristically defensive and her voice was a lot less certain than Joe had become used to.
“Would you choose differently for your children?”
“I hardly see how this changes things, young man. For better or worse, what’s done is done. I don’t see that pointing fingers will help anything.” With that she shot her own defiant glance at the King.
“Please, Mrs Heynit.” Joe was as soothing and cajoling as he could manage.
After a moment’s silence, she crossed her arms and conceded, “Oh, very well. Perhaps, I would choose differently, but I don’t see how that will help the situation now.”
Joe simply nodded and turned to the professor. But before he could speak, the professor interrupted him.
“And whom shall I choose for, Joe?”
In the moonlight, the professor’s eyes gleamed with amusement. His grin was only barely restrained.
Joe’s eyes gleamed back at him.
“For us,” he said.
“Very well, I choose a different ending for us, Joseph.”
Everyone’s attention was on him now. Even people, who had been drifting away, on their way home to lit windows and warm beds, had stopped to watch. A whisper, like the touch of a breeze, had swept across them – something was happening.
Joe walked quietly over to stand beside Katie. Kneeling down, he brushed the wild, dishevelled curls away from her face.
“Katie?” he asked. “I need you to do something for me.” On an impulse he added, “And Norman needs you to do something for him, too.”
Katie turned her head to look at him. Her eyes were puffy and red from weeping.
“But you have to be brave, okay? That’s what Norman would want, wouldn’t he? Can you do that for me, Katie? Can you be brave?”
With a snuffle, her little head nodded up and down. 
Joe gave her a smile, leant forward and kissed her on the forehead.
“Good girl, I knew you could.”
He stood up and took her hand, then led her back towards the little gathering. As they approached, Joe held out his free hand for Elijah to join them. With faltering steps and a sideways glance at his mother, Elijah did just that. Mrs Heynit gave all three of them a disapproving look but made no move to interfere.
That was the difference, Joe thought. If you want to change the world you can’t just yell at people and expect them to listen. You have to show them. That’s what people like Mrs Heynit didn’t understand.
And now the spotlight was on Joe – now he was Mr Answers.
He led the twins over to Norman’s body, right were he’d been standing when…well, when he’d ‘slain the terrible beast’. Right where Lumiera’s hilt jutted from amongst the scales. Joe felt a tremor run through Katie’s hand as she looked at the sword, but this time she didn’t look away.
“What’re you going to do, Joe?” Elijah asked.
“Not me, Elijah. We. You, Katie and I. We’re going to do something.”
“What’re we going to do?”
“Something wonderful.”
Both the children watched him in anticipation. In all honesty, he could have done it by himself. There was no real reason to involve the children. After all, pulling a sword out of a dead dragon’s chest wasn’t like blowing candles out on a birthday cake. But showmanship was important. Keep them interested. Give them a good enough performance and they’ll believe anything.
He placed both of the children’s trembling hands onto the sword hilt.
“On the count of three, I want you to pull as hard as you can, okay?”
He made sure his voice was loud enough to carry to the rest of the crowd.
“One…two…three.”
The sword slid out easily, but Joe wasn’t surprised. He actually had to brace himself against the children’s energetic tugging such that the blade wasn’t simply jerked free, and instead glided nice and smoothly. As it emerged into the moonlight, the runes along its length danced with wild abandon and a beautiful, clean, silver light washed over Norman’s chest. There was no trace of blood, or even a wound. There was simply a faint ringing sound, like the dying echoes of a church bell.
And then it happened.
Norman’s chest moved as the dragon took a deep breath.
The gasp of surprise from the audience made Joe smile quietly to himself.
The enormous head, with eyelids blinking, raised itself slowly from the ground and turned to face Joe.
“That tickles,” Norman said.
But Joe didn’t get a chance to answer. The excited squeals of joy from Katie and Elijah drowned out pretty much everything else. They ran to stand in front of him, craning their heads to look up into the dragon’s enormous eyes.
“I knew you weren’t really dead, I knew you were just pretending.” Katie’s voice was trembling again.
“Yes, you did, didn’t you?” Norman said, lowering his head so he could brush her with his muzzle. “I’m sorry I had to trick you, Katie.”
And that was all he said. It was just a simple apology but it was all that was needed.
For a few moments, the mountainside lapsed into astonished silence, broken only by Katie and Elijah’s elated laughter. 
Taking care to extricate himself from the twin’s endearing embraces, Norman turned to address the knights.
“Sir Duncan?” he rumbled. “It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. My name is Norman.”
“Err…yes…Norman, is it? Yes…well, this is an…err… interesting turn of events.”
Joe couldn’t be sure, but if he had to hazard a guess, he would have bet Sir Duncan had never addressed a dragon in person before. It’s one thing to hunt down a blood thirsty monster, it is another thing entirely to have to make polite conversation with it.
Norman smiled, nodded and moved his gaze from Sir Duncan to Mrs Heynit. With an unparalleled show of diplomacy he tilted his head respectfully towards her, closing his huge eyes as he did so. Which is about as close as a dragon can get to sweeping a hat off his head and bowing.
“Ma’am,” he said.
The look Mrs Heynit gave him would have been better suited to an interrogation.
“You deceived us!” she said.
It was remarkable how the woman could stand in front of a creature whom she had attempted to orchestrate the destruction of, and still manage to sound indignant.
“My sincerest apologies, madam, however, as my young friend here informs me,” Norman’s eyes flicked briefly towards Joe, “I believe it is referred to as ‘performance art’.”
“Well, it was still deceitful. First you’re dead and now you’re alive? I don’t know about this. Not at all.”
“I understand. It is a little…surprising.” Norman lowered his voice a fraction. “All the same, I’m thankful for the way things have turned out. Aren’t you?”
Mrs Heynit seemed on the verge of saying something but, with a glance at Sir Duncan and the King, thought better of it.
“I would like to thank you, Mrs Heynit,” Norman said with a touch of inspiration. “Although they have a habit of leaving my cave in utter chaos, I have very much enjoyed the company of your two children. I can honestly say, they are the most well behaved and charming children I have ever had the pleasure to meet. It is truly a credit to your parentage, madam.”
To Joe’s amazement, Mrs Heynit actually appeared to blush. 
“Yes, well, thank you. Unfortunately they don’t always do what they’re told.”
The last was said with a frown at the twins who were, naturally, both oblivious to anything she said. Their attention was still consumed entirely with Norman.
“I hope their visits haven’t caused too much…trouble?” Norman glanced at the assembled knights.
“Yes, well,” Mrs Heynit crossed her arms, “you’re not exactly what we expected.”
“There seems to be a lot of that going around.”
Finally, he turned to face the King. Closing his eyes, he bowed his head until his muzzle almost touched the ground.
“Your Majesty,” he said.
“Err… hello.” The King seemed lost for words.
“Your Majesty, I offer my sincere apology for any trouble I may have caused to you and the people of your kingdom. It was never my intention to become a source of anxiety. If you wish, I shall leave this place and never return.” 
His voice carried with it the gravity of a funeral service. All jokes had been put aside and the subtle, guarded humour that Joe had found in Norman had vanished.
“Yes, well, Norman…err…may I call you ‘Norman’?”
“Please.”
“Yes, well, honestly I don’t believe you should need to apologise at all. It should be we who apologise to you. You haven’t done anything wrong. Certainly nothing to warrant the wrath that we…well…perhaps it’s best to put it down to a misunderstanding. Given the light of recent discoveries, I’m sure no one in our kingdom would wish you harm.”
“Thank you, Your Majesty. That is a relief.”
“And furthermore,” the King continued, with increasing confidence and a sideways look at Mrs Heynit, “we, the people of Monterey, welcome you, and hope you will reside with us here in our fair kingdom for as long as you wish… And might I add, your poetry recital was superb.”
“It is always a pleasure to meet a fellow connoisseur of the arts, Your Majesty.”
The King shook his head in bemusement. “All this,” he said, glancing at Sir Duncan, “simply because we thought you were dangerous.”
“Ahem,” Joe cleared his throat loudly. “The term ‘dangerous’ is very subjective, Your Majesty.”
The King turned to Joe, a distracted smile still on his face. 
“Yes…I’m sorry?”
“Norman isn’t a sheep in wolf’s clothing, Your Majesty. He is, in every sense of the word, very much still a dragon, with all the tools that go with the job. Teeth and claws aren’t optional extras.”
Now everyone was watching Joe. Even Norman. The King’s expression of bemusement had soured slightly to one of puzzlement. 
“I…I’m not sure I’m following you,” the King hesitated.
“Perhaps now, Your Majesty, would be a good time for me to ask – do you have any problems with wargs in these parts?”
The Light Globe of Comprehension suddenly switched on behind the King’s eyes. 
“Ahh…well, actually, no. Wargs are lowland animals, they don’t venture up into the mountains as a general rule. However, we do have a problem with orcs. Nasty creatures, always appear during spring. They seem to have a taste for newborn lambs.”
“And what do you do when you’re…err…infested with orcs?” Joe asked.
“Well normally we round up some of the lads and go after them on horseback. But it can be quite dangerous, they’re nasty when they’re cornered. And we always end up losing lambs.”
“Do you think it would help if you had the assistance of a dragon?”
The King grinned from ear to ear.
“You know, I think it probably would.”
They turned to look at Norman.
“Well it has been a little while since I’ve hunted orc,” he conceded, adding in a whisper, “They don’t taste very good.”
“Or smell very good for that matter,” agreed the King.
 “However, as unpleasant as it may be, I would be glad to offer my services to you and the people of Monterey, Your Majesty.”
“Ahem,” Joe cleared his throat again, “…for a small fee.” 
He knew he shouldn’t, but he was beginning to enjoy himself. The reserved smile Norman flashed at him didn’t help.
“A fee?” interjected Mrs Heynit. “What sort of fee?”
“Oh, only a trifle really. Nothing that will inconvenience the kingdom more than necessary, I assure you,” said Joe.
“Go on,” said the King curiously.
“Your children, Your Majesty. For two hours, one day a week. All of the children in the kingdom between the ages of five and twelve will be required to journey here and visit Norman.”
“And just exactly what does he mean to do with our children?” Mrs Heynit screeched in alarm.
“Well, from the evidence of your own children’s visits, I’d say he means to devour them,” responded the King wryly.
“Poetry, Mrs Heynit,” Joe interjected, before another war of words produced a fresh round of casualties. “He’ll teach them to read.”
Mrs Heynit, after shooting an icy glare towards the King, grumbled, “Well, what’s the purpose of all this poetry, anyway? Reading, reading, reading…It’s not teaching them what they need to know, how to plough a field and make some supper!”
“No,” replied Joe, “but it will show them there’s more to life than ploughing and cooking.”
“And why should we trust a dragon?” Mrs Heynit barrelled on, as was her way. “Who knows what he might start teaching them? They could end up with all sorts of ideas.”
“Well…that’s the idea,” offered Joe.
“And what about the children on the outlying farms? Some of them can take two days just to travel here. What about them?”
“Yes, that is true. The children will need transportation.”
“Transportation…?” Mrs Heynit seemed stunned just at the thought.
“Yes, horses and carts. They’ll need to be provided. Roads will need to be repaired and…err…” he was on the verge of saying ‘bus drivers’ but stopped himself in time, “caretakers will need to be appointed to ensure the children’s safety during their travel.”
Joe glanced at Norman who nodded in satisfaction.
“I expect the children’s visits can be organised into separate days, so our literary friend here isn’t swamped,” said the professor.
“Yes, and he’ll probably need some help,” said Joe. “Perhaps one or two of the girls from the village wouldn’t mind offering their time?”
“Books,” added the professor. “They’ll need books…and probably writing material.”
“Ridiculous!” exclaimed Mrs Heynit. “Where are we supposed to find the time or the means to do all of this? Our children, young man, have their own duties to perform. We can’t have them gallivanting off across the countryside. It is utterly preposterous.”
A strained silence descended on the little group and Joe felt his heart sink. Perhaps he’d been hoping for a bit too much.
“It’s only two hours a week, Mrs Heynit,” he said with a sigh.
The King held up his hand to silence Mrs Heynit before she could retort.
“And those are the terms of your service?” he asked.
Norman nodded solemnly.
The King considered the proposal for a moment.
“There will be grumbling, of course. As Mrs Heynit has pointed out, having our children work beside us is a well-established and unfortunately necessary part of life in Monterey. In most cases, children are expected to work almost as soon as they can walk. All too often sickles, axes, needles and knives, and worse, are put into hands too small and too young to use them.”
He pursed his lips and looked towards Katie and Elijah.
“Two hours a week? No chores, no responsibilities. Two hours of poetry with a dragon?”
Norman remained silent and simply nodded again.
The King, with a long hard look at Mrs Heynit, turned to Norman and declared, “Agreed!”

Chapter 19

The After-Party

It was hours before everyone left. The knights had cut some wood and started a fire. Some of the village people, possibly the same ones who had been selling tea and cakes in the village square, produced a cauldron and cooked up enough soup for everyone.
Villagers who had left earlier, returned after hearing the news of Norman’s miraculous recovery. They brought with them lanterns, blankets and the odd musical instrument. 
Above them the moon turned the mountains into crystal monuments, but in the warm glow of the fire, people danced and sang and laughed. Lying with them, watching over them, was Norman.
Eventually it was the King who called an end to the festivities, reminding everyone that it was they, the people of Monterey, who were guests in Norman’s home. It was late and children were falling asleep in their parent’s arms, so no one objected. Even Katie and Elijah, who hadn’t left Norman’s side, had finally succumb to the day’s excitement and were sound asleep.
Although it wasn’t really necessary, Sir Duncan arranged for his knights to escort the villagers back to their homes. After all, it was dark and who knew what surprises might lay in wait for unsuspecting travellers. Besides that, considering the events of the day, perhaps it was a way for the knights to finally show a little chivalry.
Thus, with the young girls giggling, the womenfolk blushing, and the boys and men alike feeling quite chuffed, they were all escorted down the slopes of Desolation Spire by lanterns carried on the lances of knights in shining armour. And it’s not every day that that sort of thing happens.
Eventually it was just the five of them; the King, Sir Duncan, Joe, the professor and Norman; who sat around the dying fire. Norman had found, buried in the depths of his cave, a bottle of port, and they let the warmth of its caress flow through them as they were hypnotised by the occasional flicker of dancing flames.
“You know, I remember all the old stories,” said Sir Duncan, who’d possibly had a little more port than he should. “Sigurd and the dragon Fafni, Assipattle and the Muckle Mester Stoor Worm, Froach and the Rowan Tree Serpent…grew up with ‘em we did. Couldn’t get enough of ‘em. I remember as a lad, I’d pretend the old crab-apple in the orchard was a dragon. I’d make my brothers and sister watch while I lanced it with a broom.”
“Crab-apples…dragons…the similarities are remarkable,” the King chuckled.
“I’ve often thought as much,” said Norman. “I almost fell head over heels in love with one once. Beautiful tree. Never would have worked out between us though – I kept eating all the apples.”
Sir Duncan gave the dragon a confused and slightly out of focus look. Then he shook his head.
“Uh?”
“Crab-apples,” said Norman.
“S’right…back when I was a boy. Used the broom from the servant’s cupboard…It’s all in the rhythm, you know. Got to get the rhythm right.”
“Rhythm is important,” agreed the professor, who’d been sharing Sir Duncan’s indulgence for more than just story telling.
“Even tried it from horseback once, you know, when I was old enough. Knocked myself senseless.” He raised a hand to rub his head subconsciously. “Hit one of those… things…What’d you call them? You know, the thinnnngs… Trees are full of ‘em…BRANCHES! That’s it. Took two days before I could walk again.”
“Dangerous things, crab-apples,” said the professor. “We had one that threw everybody who got on it. Couldn’t keep the thing still, kept jumping about the place.”
Joe frowned and glanced quizzically at the professor, but he was evidently in his own special reverie.
“YES, by George! Crab-apples! Blast them all…Wait… no…no, that’s not right…What was I talking about?”
“Broomsticks,” offered the King.
“YES!…No…no, something…else.”
“Branches?” The professor was starting to sway.
“…no…”
“Dragons?” tried Joe.
“DRAGONS! Yes, by Jove, DRAGONS! Well done that man. Dragons!” Sir Duncan heaved a sigh. “Grew up on the old stories, I did. All I ever wanted to be when I was a boy.”
They were all quiet for a moment while the last of the wood crackled and threw cinders, like fireflies, skyward to join the stars in the chill night air.
Sir Duncan looked at Norman and, a little more soberly, said, “You were my first, you know.”
Norman nodded. “I wish I were able to say the same.”
In a small voice bordering on shyness, the King said, “I remember them too. The old stories I mean…Do you think they ever really happened? Do you think they were real?”
“I think,” said Norman, “they are only as real as we want them to be.”
“What does that mean?” asked Joe.
“I think there is an element of truth in all stories, Joe. The trick is being able to pick out the truth from the decoration. We shouldn’t simply believe stories just because we want them to be real.”
“So what you’re saying is there may have been a glass slipper, but there probably wasn’t a coach made from a pumpkin?” Joe asked, but when he received blank looks from everyone other than the professor, who had fallen off his log and was lying on his back snoring, he shook his head and added, “Never mind.”
“Still,” heaved Sir Duncan, “it’s been a grand day. Does the old bones good to get up into the mountains now and then.”
“Yes, I think you’re right,” smiled Norman. “It has turned out well, hasn’t it?”
“And the song and dance the two of you put on was superb. Absolutely superb. CAMELOT, by George! Who would have thought?”
“And Sir Lancelot,” added Joe, giving Sir Duncan a quick grin. “Don’t forget him.”
“YES, my word, Lancelot! Haven’t heard from him in years, always out on quests and whatnot. Don’t tend to get out quite as much myself anymore.”
A small, puzzled frown crossed Joe’s brow.
“Still,” continued Sir Duncan, “he was always the one people wrote poems about, eh? Poems and songs. Seemed there was a time you couldn’t walk down the street without hearing something about the good old Lance.” He paused to reflect for a moment. “I wonder if they’ll sing songs about me…?”
“Undoubtedly,” said the King. “It will be ‘Sir Duncan and the Ferocious Poet’.”
“Has kind of a ring to it,” said Norman.
“A dragon and a poet, by Jove. You don’t hear about that sort of thing very often.” Sir Duncan grinned at Norman. “You know, you’re not a bad sort…for a dragon. Damn glad I didn’t lance you.”
“Feelings mutual, Sir Knight,” smiled Norman.
Joe wanted to ask a question. Something to do with Sir Lancelot. But unfortunately the person he wanted to ask was snoring happily on his back. In the end he decided that it probably didn’t really matter, you know, in the bigger scheme of things. Knights from legend were gallivanting about the place and not, as was their rightful place, confined to the pages of a book. Okay, so it was a little strange, but he wasn’t about to start letting things like that surprise him. So he smiled, made himself a touch more comfortable, and went back to watching the fire and the dancing shadows.
Finally the King heaved a sigh and turned to Sir Duncan.
“Well, my friend, I believe our duty is done here for today. We should leave Monterey’s newest citizen to his rest.”
“My word, I believe you’re right. Wouldn’t want to overstay our welcome. A good bed and a bit of shuteye, that’s what’s called for.”
“Perhaps a gentle stroll back down to the village?” the King mused.
“Couldn’t agree more. Leftenant, fetch my mount.”
“Err…” began Joe.
“LEFTENANT! Blast it, where is that man now?”
“You sent him back down the mountain, Sir Duncan. To escort everyone home,” said Joe. As an afterthought, he added, “It was very gallant of you.”
“Was it?…Did I?”
“And you sent your horse with them,” added the King. “I believe young Tom Cody’s wife Ellen was riding it when they left. Considering that she’s due in another few weeks, I’m sure she was very grateful.”
Sir Duncan paused to think for a moment. 
“Due for what?” he asked.
“You know,” replied the King, making the standard hand motions, “due.”
“Oh…” Sir Duncan was a man for whom the subject of female biological functions had always been somewhat of a nervous mystery. “Due. Yes, yes of course. I see. Well it’s all for the best, I guess. Looks like there’s nothing for it then, we’ll have to hoof it back to the barracks.”
The King gave him a good hearted slap on the back, making his armour rattle. 
“Come on then, Sir Knight.”
“By Jove, an army of trolls couldn’t stop me!”
Tottering rather alarmingly and leaning more than a little on each other, the two men climbed to their feet. The sight certainly didn’t conjure images of valiant heroism.
Once he was upright, Sir Duncan began swaying like a leafy elm in a high wind. 
“Good Lord, someone stop this blessed mountain from moving!”
A grinning King, with one arm thrown around the knight to stop him from becoming a human landslide, turned to Joe.
“Will you be joining us, Joseph?”
Joe glanced at the slumbering form of the professor. 
“I don’t like our chances of waking him, Your Majesty. If it’s all right with Norman, we might camp up here tonight.”
“I’ve got a nice comfy corner of my rug that you’re welcome to,” said Norman. “And all the bedtime reading you could ever hope for.”
“Very well, then I think my unsteady friend here and I will bid you both goodnight,” said the King.
“Who are you calling unsteady, man? I’m stable as a rock! As soon as someone stops the world from spinning I’ll prove it!” replied Sir Duncan.
They began stumbling their way down the slope more or less in the direction of the village. As they left, Joe heard them burst into a boisterous and unquestionably off-key song. Something to do with beer, barmaids and, for some reason, hot, spicy potatoes.
Joe and Norman left the professor, snug in one of the travelling cloaks, snoring beside the fire. They headed into the cave where, true to his word, Norman showed Joe to a corner of the huge shaggy rug. It was warm and soft, and delightfully more comfortable than sleeping on cold hard rock.
He threw his own travelling cloak down and slumped into it. He hadn’t realised just how tired he was. It had been a big day. No, it had been bigger than a big day. To call it a ‘big day’ was like calling Mount Everest a gently sloping hill. It had been the biggest day of his life. As soon as he lay down, safe and warm, he felt the drowsiness engulf him like a fog.
“Joe?” asked Norman.
“Hmmm?” 
His eyelids seemed to be doing their own thing. He wanted to keep them open, but he apparently didn’t have much say in the matter.
“I never got a chance to thank you for what you did today.”
Joe sighed. “S’all right.”
“You know, you were about the last person I expected to see walk into my cave this afternoon.”
“Mmmm?” 
He’d just rest his eyes for a moment. That’s what he’d do. It was a good plan. It didn’t mean he was going to sleep – no sir, he was still perfectly well awake. Because, for some unfathomable reason, Norman wanted to talk to him. So he’d just let his eyes close and give them a bit of a rest. Easy.
“You didn’t have to get involved. You could have simply watched with everyone else…but I think today would have ended very differently if you had.”
He was trying to listen but the words were beginning to swim around inside his head. Everything was beginning to swim around inside his head. For some reason he was riding a tricycle and Norman’s voice was coming from a cocker spaniel sitting on a mailbox. And even in the half dream world he was slipping into, a talking cocker spaniel postman seemed pretty unusual.
“I’d like to give you something…for everything you’ve done. I know you don’t expect any reward, but I’d like to give it to you anyway.”
The sentence cut through the fog, letting Joe bob back to the surface for a moment. Norman wanted to give him something? Although his eyes were still shut, he could hear the dragon rustling about in the cave. 
With a mighty effort he shook off the tricycle and the cocker spaniel, and opened a pair of eyes drowsy with sleep.
“Wha…?”
Norman lowered himself onto his haunches in front of Joe. He leaned his head so close Joe could see the ‘stars in the night sky’ sparkles in each iris. 
“It’s for you, Joe.”
At first he didn’t understand. But then he looked down and saw Norman’s upturned and outstretched paw. Lying in the middle of it, glittering like a snowflake on the first day of spring, was a dragon scale. It wasn’t very big, only about the size of a small coin, but it flashed like quicksilver in the candlelight.
Joe reached out and tentatively picked it up. Its surface was smooth and warm to the touch. It actually felt like it was still nestled amongst the other scales on Norman’s body.
“Dragons don’t shed their scales as a general rule. Each one is a part of us, unique and precious. They tell their own stories, written in the scars of the years. That one especially.”
Joe looked up at Norman, blinking with lethargy. He was still having trouble climbing out of the fog of drowsiness. 
“Why?”
“Why what?”
“Err…” It would have been much easier if his brain didn’t feel like it had been put in a blender. “Why ‘this one especially’?”
Norman smiled faintly. “It was from here…” He pointed to a spot on his chest and Joe felt a flush of guilt. 
“Lumiera?”
The dragon nodded. “That elven magic is pretty strong, but I guess they didn’t intend it to do exactly what we did today. Still, if losing a scale is the price I have to pay, then so be it.”
“Oh God, Norman, I’m so sorry.”
“Don’t be. It is the smallest of prices to pay.”
“But it’s a part of you. Will it grow back, I mean, will you grow another one?” Norman shook his head. “Perhaps we could glue it back on?” 
Joe was enthusiastic but the dragon simply chuckled. “No, Joe. I want you to have it.”
He looked at the scale again. Its warmth had settled across the palm of his hand, chasing away the remnants of the chill from the mountain air. A gentle liquid sensation was beginning to spread through him like syrup, making him feel nice and toasty.
But that still didn’t make it right. He didn’t deserve it, he didn’t deserve anything. All he’d done was pretend to be more than just a scared schoolboy who’d stood in front of a dragon dressed in his pyjamas. The last thing he deserved was any sort of reward.
Bravery is about having the courage to do what’s right when no one else will…
Okay, admittedly, if he hadn’t stepped forward then someone would probably have been killed. Whether it was Norman, or Sir Duncan and his knights, or the King and the people of Monterey, or even perhaps Joe and the professor. Sooner or later someone would have done something stupid and someone, perhaps a lot of someones, would have ended up dead.
But still…
The scale flashed like a fish in a stream. He knew he didn’t deserve it, but that didn’t stop him from wanting it. It would remind him of Norman and of Monterey and… well…everything. Of course Lumiera was probably going to be a pretty clear post-it-note reminder as well, but a dragon scale was more personal. When eventually he got back to the real world, he would like to have something, even if it was just something to prove that it hadn’t all been a dream.
In a tiny voice he asked, “Are you sure?”
“One way or another I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you, Joe,” replied Norman. “As long as you carry that dragon scale, we will never be as far apart as you think.”
In a voice little more than a whisper, Joe said, “Thank you.”
The dragon smiled. “Get some sleep.”
Joe nodded and slumped back into his travelling cloak, clutching the scale tightly in his hand. He watched through half closed eyelids as Norman shuffled away. Then the strained tendrils of consciousness slipped from his grasp and Joe surrendered himself to the blessed dark.

Chapter 20

Homeward Bound

In the morning, with the valleys still swimming in shadow, a number of the villagers returned. They climbed the slope in colourful little groups full of cheerful and familiar banter. Norman welcomed them each with a ready smile and an uncanny ability to recall half forgotten names from the mist of the previous night’s introductions. There was still, however, an air of endearing shyness about them. After all, he was a dragon.
They were accompanied by a handful of knights, some of whom led their horses on foot, giving up their mounts to children who rode three or four deep in eager delight. Amongst them, and with a flock of children following him like the pied piper, was a very much the worse-for-wear Sir Duncan. Although he greeted everyone with a warm enough, “Good morning,” mostly he just held his head in his hands and asked people not to shout.
Thankfully however, they were also accompanied by a slightly more lively King, an early riser by nature, who seemed as bright and cheerful as the morning itself.
“Well, I see we’ve all recovered from last night’s impromptu festivities?” he said, handing a steaming cup of tea to Sir Duncan. “Well…almost.”
Sir Duncan groaned, but accepted the mug with a brief, guilt laden smile.
 “And how is our new schoolteacher? We didn’t keep you up too late, I hope?”
“Not at all, Your Majesty.” Norman replied. “It was a pleasure to have your company. I enjoyed myself more than I have in a very long time.”
At that moment an unshaven but thankfully fully dressed professor clattered his way over to join them. 
“Well,” he said, eyeing the activity around them, “I see the organisers have wasted no time in getting organised.”
“Yes. Things have to be ‘sorted out’ and ‘arranged’ and ‘made official’,” said the King with a touch of amusement. “As Mrs Curran informed me this morning – ‘It’s all well and good to have a bonfire and some poetry, but who’s going to do the lunch roster, hmm?’ I’m sure she’s angry with me about something but I haven’t figured out what it is just yet.”
“Well, personally I think they’re doing a fine job,” smiled Norman. “According to Mrs Sullivan they’ve already started organising a timetable for the children. And a few of the girls have volunteered to be assistants.”
“Even old Dan Taylor rolled out his horse-drawn cart and gave it a good dusting off,” added the King. “The place is a regular hive of activity.”
They each stood, or in Sir Duncan’s case sat quietly, and watched the world changing around them. Things were happening, stuff was getting done, people had jobs to do and were hard at work doing them. If you looked closely, amongst the hubbub of organisation, the promise of a new brighter future was beginning to unfold.
“What about you two?” asked the King, turning to the professor and Joe. “Sir Duncan and his men will be lodging with us for a week or two. Will you stay as well, and help to see our latest venture on its way?”
“Nothing would please us more than to share your hospitality, Your Majesty, but I’m afraid we can’t stay,” said the professor.
“We can’t?” asked Joe.
“We have other kingdoms to save, other dragons to rescue, end of term papers to mark – the list goes on.”
“We do?”
“Our work is, unfortunately, never ending. Besides,” he said, with a nod towards Joe, “we have a promise to keep, if you remember?”
“Trotter’s End?” Joe asked.
“One and the same.”
“I guess it’s not as if we haven’t asked enough of you already,” said the King. “ I expect the entire kingdom owes you both an enormous debt of gratitude.”
The professor bowed. “It is all part of The Job, sire.”
“Well,” groaned Sir Duncan, “if you reconsider, we could provide you with an escort, if we’re bound in the same direction, of course. Where are you journeying to?”
“St George’s Boarding School for Boys.”
Sir Duncan frowned. “Can’t say I’ve heard of it, myself. Is it very far?”
 “Further, Sir Knight, than you could possibly imagine.”
“The first leg of which, I have offered to assist with,” said Norman. “At least to take them back to their own… transportation.”
“Which, if we’re to stay ahead of the day, we need to get started with, pronto,” said the professor.
So it was that in the sparkling light of early morning, surrounded by a small gathering of well-wishers, Joe and the professor prepared to leave. Shortly, amidst a chorus of excited squeals from children being held back by their parents, Norman stretched his wings and the trio took to the air.
They didn’t take a direct route back, though. Norman banked gently and let the air currents carry them away from Desolation Spire, but also away from the little wood that was their destination. They skirted the village and flew on, all the way drifting with the early morning breeze, until they reached a small outlying cottage. A gentle plume of smoke from its breakfast fire was rising into the morning air.
Norman swooped in low. So low that the rush of wind from his passing fluttered the dress of the woman hanging washing on the line.
“GOOD MORNING, MRS HEYNIT!” he boomed.
The woman gave them a look.
Two small, excited children rushed from the cottage and eagerly waved to them. Joe and the professor waved back.
When they eventually landed in the empty field beside the wood, Floyd was doing his best to be inconspicuous by lying on his back in the morning sun and snoring. It took several loud harrumphs by the professor before he snorted himself awake.
Joe had half expected the meeting between Floyd and Norman to resemble something from an African wildlife documentary. After all, there were territories and instincts and things. However when Floyd finally yawned, stretched and turned a pair of lazy eyes on the three of them, he hardly seemed like a raging lion. More like an old man in an easy-chair, puffing on a pipe and reminiscing about the war.
“My word, it’s a dragon!” Floyd feigned surprise.
“Good morning,” Norman rumbled with a sideways smile.
“Floyd,” said Joe, “I would like to introduce you to Norman.”
“Pleased to meet you.” Floyd nodded his head. 
“Likewise.”
“I take it the battle went well, then?”
“Surprisingly well,” said the professor. “Thanks of course to an inspired performance by yours truly.”
Joe and both the dragons turned to face him.
“You?” asked Joe and Norman in unison.
“You…?” asked Floyd with considerable scepticism.
“Now, now, Joe. Both you and Norman gave an admirable effort, I won’t begrudge you that. After all, not just anyone can walk into a strange dragon’s cave, or – ” here he gave Norman a quick glance, “ – read a few lines from Tennyson. But I ask you, who could have worn this astonishing masterpiece of a helmet more perfectly than I? Huh?”
None of them said anything.
“Exactly,” said the professor. “And I’m glad you all agree with me. Now let’s get this gear stowed and get underway.”
In the end it didn’t take them long to prepare for the homeward journey. It would have taken almost no time at all, in fact, if the professor hadn’t had to extricate himself from his Dragon Slayer outfit. Even with Joe’s help, he ended up hopping around on one foot, performing a Houdini impersonation to escape the armour. Finally, after the professor’s breathless promises to heave the accursed outfit into the first bottomless pit they came across, they were ready, and Joe found himself standing in front of Norman.
It was odd, he thought. Not even a single day had passed since he’d stood in front of Norman for the first time, and yet so much had happened since then that he wondered if the rest of his life would amount to little more than the closing credits.
“I guess we probably won’t ever see each other again, will we?” he asked.
Norman watched him with eyes like the sea after a storm.
“I guess not.”
“Will you look after the twins?”
“Yes.”
“Okay.”
They were both silent for a moment while Joe kicked some stones around and pretended not to wish that he wasn’t leaving.
“I’ll miss you.”
“I’ll miss you, too.”
The world seemed to get a little misty around the edges.
“Goodbye, Norman.”
“Thank you, Joe.”
And that was it. They climbed aboard Floyd and, with a kick and a snap of leather, they were on their way. 
Norman sat on his haunches in the grass beside the wood and watched. He watched for a long time.

*

It was two days later, with the sun having dwindled to a fading memento in the evening sky, when they glided into Little Boulder Creek. They’d taken their time on the return journey. There hadn’t been quite the same sense of urgency on the journey from rather than the journey to, so they had ended up taking a few detours, only some of which were intentional. 
At one point they had stopped, perched precariously on top of a snow capped mountain peak in the dazzling sunshine, while the professor and Floyd argued about which direction was north.
They had spent more than an hour gliding through a fog bank that sparkled and flashed in the afternoon light, and was shot through here and there with sudden, astonishing sunbeams. Joe could have sworn he heard someone singing, the sound drifting through the mist on the very edge of his hearing. When he asked about it, the professor had simply smiled, shaken his head and told him he was imagining things.
They had even camped overnight, nestled in a sheltered little valley. It felt good to simply relax and let the excitement of the previous day settle slowly back into its normal, post-eruption slumber.
Now, as the evening quickly faded, they were finally back in Little Boulder Creek. It seemed like a lifetime since they had left. Looking down on the village, Joe could see lit windows glittering like patchwork in the darkness.
Floyd coasted silently down and landed in an open field on the outskirts of town. With a solemn promise to come back and visit in a day or two, he took to the air once more and headed home.
They stood for a moment, Joe and the professor, silhouetted in the moonlight, and watched Floyd disappear into the mountains. The sight stirred something inside Joe, but he wasn’t quite certain what. Maybe longing? Perhaps a little melancholy…? Not exactly, but still…something.
The last of the regular customers were still enjoying their mulled wine in front of the open fire when they walked into Trotter’s End. Julia ran to the professor and threw her arms around him, then, laughing away tears, did the same to Joe. She even planted an elated kiss on his cheek, which made him blush.
“Well look who the griffons dragged in,” she said, composing herself with some difficulty.
“Hi Julia,” Joe said.
“Point of order…it was actually a dragon,” said the professor. “But close enough.”
“And the world? Safe once more?”
The professor smiled. “At least for the time being. Thanks, in part, to our little hero here.”
Julia gave Joe a scrutinising look. “The Captain hasn’t been teaching you his bad habits, has he?”
“Maybe a few,” he replied with a guilty smile.
Reg emerged from the kitchen and, seeing the little gathering, stalked his way toward them. He greeted both Joe and the professor with a dour look and a handshake, as was his way. 
“I see the adventurers have returned, then?” he growled 
“As promised. Besides, after three nights of sleeping with rocks for pillows, we couldn’t pass up the luxury of a hot meal and a warm bed.”
“Let me close up, and we’ll see what we can do about the hot meal,” said Julia. “But you have to tell us everything. Every detail.”
Thus, with the addition of two bowls of steaming stew and a handful of bread, the four of them relaxed around one of the little tables. Soon Joe found himself listening as the professor described the events of the past few days, not least of which was how he, Joe, had gambled their lives on some lines of poetry.
He even showed them Norman’s scale, flashing in the firelight. Somehow, as he smiled and laughed with their casual conversation, Joe felt more at home than he had in years.
When his head finally hit the pillow of the spare bed in one of the upstairs rooms, he realised it was the first ‘real’ bed he’d slept in since they’d left St. George’s. He stayed awake just long enough to watch the moonlight glitter on the window as it caught the imperfections in the glass. 
Then he fell to sleep.

*

The next day Julia managed to rustle up a change of clothes for Joe so he could finally look like he hadn’t just gotten out of bed. Thankfully they weren’t from her own collection, but had instead been donated by some of the local boys.
Joe and the professor were, of course, put hard to work in the inn. Joe helped Julia to wait on the tables and she soon had him clearing dishes and carrying trays like a natural.
The professor, on the other hand, lurked in the kitchen with Reg. The arguments that ensued were always accompanied by a musical score of clanging pots and, occasionally, the piccolo reverberation of a sharp, pointed implement embedding itself into a wall. But whenever Joe or Julia ventured in to check on them, Reg was always stoically hunched over the stove whilst the professor washed dishes or chopped vegetables with an air of surprised innocence.
When the pair eventually ventured up to the rookery to see Hamish and the griffons, they found the wild old Scotsman preparing to set out on one of his regular patrols. As they entered the stables, both Daisy and Ruby gave a call of recognition, although Satan remained typically silent. Joe didn’t need any encouragement to give Daisy a familiar scratch.
With a wink, Hamish asked, “Would the wee bairn nae care tae join me for a wee ride?”
In short order, Joe found himself once more clinging to Daisy as they raced the wind. The tears streamed across his face while he buried himself once more into her pillow worthy plumage.
With Little Boulder Creek dwindling into the distance, they crested the neighbouring foothills, but this time towards the plains rather than the mountains. Skirting an island of beech trees, they came across a pack of wargs venturing off the plains, probably on the trail of one of the local herds. The griffons, along with Hamish and Joe, swept out of the sky and thumped into the pack like three hammers onto an anvil.
Satan killed two of the monsters before the rest of the pack recovered enough from their shock to turn tail and yelp their way back down onto the plains. When he finally managed to stop his hands from shaking, Joe turned a nervous smile on Hamish and uttered the only word he felt truly captured the moment, “Wow!”
True to his word, Floyd returned to visit a few days later and invited Joe and the professor back to stay with him in the mountains for a while. Technically they did try doing a spot of hiking. They even threw a line or two into one of the mountain streams, but mostly Joe simply spent his time listening to Floyd and the professor recount their various and, he was sure, embellished adventures. Which, admittedly, he was happy to do.
Before long, however, the moon waned, disappeared and began to fill out once more. The nights were once again flooded with the silver touch of moonlight. But it wasn’t until the boar’s head went up on the front door and Reg slid into his pig-related grumpiness that the professor announced they’d need to think about their return journey.
But Joe had grown comfortable. Very comfortable. He’d learnt the names of most of the locals, at least the Trotter’s End regulars, and that was more than he could say for the names of his neighbours back home. He’d even started teaching some of the children how to play Bash The Turkey (basically the same as soccer but where the only rule is to not actually kill each other) which wasn’t something to be taken lightly. A return to the ‘real world’ had, up until then, seemed a distant thought.
So, on the morning of their departure, moods were sombre. Reg and Julia accompanied them to the docks. None of them said very much, with a lot of looking at the ground and shuffling of feet. Julia gave them each a big hug. Even though she tried to lighten the mood by laughing in her own beautiful way, she still had to wipe away occasional tears.
She gave Joe a kiss on the cheek and whispered into his ear, “Promise to come back and visit, won’t you?” 
Joe blushed and nodded.
Reg shook their hands in his usual manner but, after a moment’s hesitation, he pulled the professor into an embrace. Both men looked a little more solemn and a bit uncomfortable when they finally parted. Reg told them to take care of themselves and the professor said, “Thanks, Reg. You too.” 
With that, they climbed aboard the little yacht, set sail and glided away from Little Boulder Creek. Joe took a final look as they crested the first foot hill. The town was framed by the fir trees and the grassy slopes of the downs. For a moment he thought he could make out two figures, watching them from the docks, but then they dipped behind the hilltop and the town disappeared.
“Do you think they’ll miss us?” asked Joe.
“Probably,” the professor replied.
And they left it at that.
To Joe’s relief they didn’t see any wargs as they ventured onto the plains. He guessed, at least initially, it was probably because of the three dots he’d noticed gliding through the sky ahead of them. Eventually the three dots disappeared, only to be replaced by a single, much larger dot. Still, it was nice to know someone was watching out for them.
They saw a few merchant ships and Joe scrutinised each one, watching for the El Viento Fuerte. But Frederick and Angelo must have been sailing another part of the world. Perhaps a chance meeting on their return journey was just too much to hope for. Wherever they were, a part of Joe hoped they were thinking about him too.
A stiff breeze whipped up and sped them across the plains, gliding them easily over the sea of grass. They skipped past unfamiliar rock outcrops and splashed across running streams – which was exhilarating. When Joe, who hadn’t been able to spot a single recognizable landmark, finally asked if they were going in the right direction, the professor simply grinned and replied, “This is a shortcut.”
Eventually the day drifted from its startling blue into a luxurious indigo, buttoned with stars, and on into the shadow of night. They sailed on, following the lonely highways of the unending plains with, as the professor said, ‘a good wind and a steady tack’.
Finally however, when the moon was well past its peak, the professor swung them around to starboard and suddenly there it was, clear, astonishing and molten gold – the pathway of light. This time there wasn’t any looking out of the corner of the eye required. It blazed and pulsed with its own life. Its glow set the sails of the Caeli alight with dancing flashes and silhouettes. The hull of the little boat plunged into the shimmering stream and they were swept along in its current.
It was only a matter of minutes before Joe saw the contour of the fairy mound outlined against the night sky. In a few moments they would be across and back in the real world. 
It all seemed very…quick. A month. One single month. To explore an impossible world, with magic and monsters and…and…an edge! The old explorers took longer than that just to pack the boat. And all they ended up finding was America. Still, he’d always known it wouldn’t last. The professor had classes and students, and Joe had…well… stuff. Eventually they had to go back. It was just that no one likes returning from vacation. At his side Lumiera tingled in the moonlight. Under his shirt, set on a silver chain, was Norman’s scale, warm against his chest. They were the seashells, the sunburn and the sand in his shorts. Memories of an impossible and unforgettable trip.
As the prow glided onto the curve of the hill and they slowed a little with the incline, Joe turned back to watch the world they were leaving. Spread out behind them, awash in silver and shadow, just as it had been on the night they arrived. An ocean of grass under the moonlight, rippling and swaying in the breeze. While he watched, a shadow slid silently towards them across the plains. He glanced at the moon and, in the sort of thing we all know doesn’t really happen but we like to believe anyway, the silhouette of a dragon banked effortlessly for a moment in front of the silvery disk. Then it dipped and was gone.
They crested the hillock and began descending the opposite side. The Plains of Wallagaraugh, Little Boulder Creek, Monterey and everything they comprised…they all disappeared once more into the endless possibilities beyond the horizon. Before them was the very ordinary and very familiar shape of St. George’s Boarding School for Boys. It looked exactly the same as they’d left it – dull and, especially now, painfully uninteresting.
The professor brought the little boat to a halt and, without being asked, Joe immediately began taking the sails down and securing them.
“I wonder if anyone will notice we’ve been away,” Joe mused.
“I doubt it,” replied the professor.
“Why?”
“I left a note in the teacher’s lounge.”
“Really? What did it say?”
“That we are on an expedition into wild and uncharted lands, where life and death can hang by a thread. But, to tell you the truth, I don’t think anyone pays much attention to my notes.”
Joe smiled. “So you knew I was coming with you?”
“I had my suspicions.”
They stowed the sails and began heading back across the oval, leading the Caeli between them.
“Captain? Can I ask you a question?”
“Of course.”
“Do you think he’ll be okay? Norman I mean.”
“In what way?”
“With the townspeople and the knights and everything.”
The professor was silent for a moment. 
“I think we’ve given them a good chance. Sometimes that’s all you can do.”
They reached the opposite edge of the oval and began heading for the carriage house. 
“While we’re on the topic, can I ask you a question, Joe?”
“Sure.”
“What made you choose The Lady of Shalott?”
Joe didn’t answer immediately, he’d actually been thinking about that himself.
“Well…I’m not exactly sure. I mean, we’ve been studying Tennyson in class, but I don’t think that was it. It just sort of felt right. Do you know what I mean?”
The professor nodded. “It was a good choice. Camelot is a lot closer to Monterey than it’ll ever be to St. George’s.”
“So I gathered,” said Joe. “I have to admit, I had no idea Norman would be able to recite it the way he did. It put Clarke Devereaux to shame.”
“It probably helped that Norman doesn’t stutter,” said the professor. “And how did you know about the bit with the sword?”
“Well I remembered what Frederick said about the elven legend. You know, the stuff about never hurting anyone who is true of spirit. But just to be sure, we tried it a couple of times on one of his paws while we were still in the cave. It just slid right in and out, without even leaving a mark.”
The professor shook his head. “That’s elves for you. They’re like German engineers, only with magic instead of automobiles.”
“I guess Lumiera’s going to cause a bit of a stir around school, isn’t she? I mean, it’s not every student who has a magic sword,” said Joe.
“Don’t worry yourself about that, my boy. I think I should be able to find a place to keep your little secret safe.”
In the end the professor hung the sword on the wall behind his desk, beneath a pair of cheap, souvenir style Samurai swords. No one, with the exception of Joe, gave it a second look.
They stowed the Caeli in the carriage house and carefully made their way back into the school. It was as deserted as the night they left. Evidently the screaming hordes hadn’t returned from their summer holidays and the school was still slumbering in its annual hibernation.
“Captain?”
“Hmmm?”
“Will I ever go back?”
The professor gave him a sideways grin. “We’ll see, Joe. We’ll see.”
And before he knew it, he was back in his own room, surrounded by the cement brick walls that signalled, with an unmistakable finality, his return to the real world. But because he didn’t quite want the adventure to be over, he climbed out of the window and sat on the roof outside. He watched the moon perform its graceful farewell and sink beneath the horizon. Then he went to bed.
The next day the buses returned, bringing with them the heaving and raucous lifeblood of the school. Pete Brighton was amongst them. He smiled sheepishly at Joe and said that his holidays had been rubbish. If he’d had a choice, he said, he wouldn’t have gone, and would have preferred to stay at school with Joe instead.
Joe decided not to tell him about what he’d missed. Well…not yet anyway. There was a time and a place for that type of thing. Especially seeing him covered in blood and staggering through the woods. Broaching that particular subject would take some explaining.
In the end, with deceptive ease, Joe’s life began to slip back into normality. His father even called and said he’d be delivering close to the school and would drop in over the weekend. Everything appeared to be back to normal.
Almost.
At the end of each day, when Joe lay in his bed, watching stray moonbeams wander through his window and with Norman’s scale resting against his chest, he heard things. Barely audible, they drifted to him like whispers. Sometimes it was a few words from a poem, or the sound of children’s voices, or even the rustling of the wind when the air outside was calm and still. They reminded him that his world wasn’t made up of four walls – that another, impossible world existed just beyond the horizon.

And when he closed his eyes, Joe dreamt of dragons.


THE END

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Ross Kinnish, at the age of 17 and after watching far too many Top Gun re-runs, was informed he was too tall to become a fighter pilot. Instead he chose an equally exciting and dangerous career as a computer programmer but, from closed-in and fart smelling computer rooms, dreamt of being an author.

Throughout his life, Ross has been inspired by science fiction and fantasy literature for children and young adults. Works such as the Narnia Chronicles and Watership Down, and authors such as Terry Pratchett have taken pride of place on his bookshelf.

He has been writing short stories since his mid-teens, and has had several published in periodicals and anthologies. Of a Boy and a Dragon is his first full-length novel, and reflects the passion and delight he has found in a lifetime of enjoying similar works. 

He holds university degrees in both Science and Engineering, and currently works (but is easily distracted) in the Information Technology industry. He lives in Melbourne, Australia with his wife and two boys, who are his three biggest distractions.



