Smashwords Edition License Notes: This is a free story; you may reproduce it as you wish, so long as you do not charge for it. Please leave any comments on the author’s smashwords page.

Of Muscle and Magic

By: Jonathan Antony Strickland

…………………………………………….

PART 1: A Heartless Task


It had been a cold and bitter night, but this did not bother the citizens of Galiamank. For them, five days of hard work had ended, and now the night was the time to get drunk with comrades and forget about the troubles of life. At least until work came around again, the day after next. Now however the streets had emptied as night in a few short hours would become dawn. Only a few drunks still hung about the streets, wandering and stumbling aimlessly, either in search of their homes or a few more drinks to take them into intoxicated oblivion. Most of the lights in the city of Galiamank had gone out and only the brothels and pubs stayed open at this late hour.  Galiamank was a large city but unlike a lot of the other cities in the Kingdom of Labpreane, was fairly unremarkable.  Except that is for the pubs, these were famous for stocking and providing the widest range of extremely good ales known throughout the Kingdom, and people from all around Labpreane would come and visit just to sample the many varied and delicious tastes on offer.

Inside the "Nine dead Pigs", a pub renowned for three of the strongest and tastiest ales suspected within the whole of the world of Oldabrock, the customers were becoming intoxicated, and the tiredness of the late night and the alcohol that cascaded through their blood was beginning to catch up on them. Yawns and sleepy eyelids were appearing all around the bar and the speech that filled the air was starting to take on a drunken slur. Big Polk the barman was an expert at spotting these signs and knew that at this point in the night not much more ale would get drunk and he would very soon call for last orders. Calling for last orders would always get a groan from his customers and sometimes one or two of them might start the odd bit of trouble when asked to leave. Tonight however Polk knew there'd be no trouble, not when Calin was about.

A heavily muscled man walked, and on occasion staggered, around the pub half drunk, but fortunately for some in a rather happy mood. The other men in the bar knew this man and even though his company was welcome they also knew that big Polk paid him to keep order of a kind, and should a fight break out then the mercenary called Calin would no doubt step in, even if the fight was nothing to do with him, and deck anybody who confronted him. Only last week, three men possessing considerable wealth, had been arguing over a beautiful young  woman who's father had planned to marry her off onto the one who could prove himself the most worthy for her bed.

The three had decided to accompany the girl's father to the Nine Dead Pigs to talk it over and see if an arrangement could be made as to who would take the young girls hand. After an hour of each pleading his case to the farther, he had finally decided on one of the suitors, much to the other two's annoyance.  After a few minutes of arguing, fists were flung and soon a two way scrap involving the father and future son-in-law against the other two who had felt it their right to become his future son-in-law, was taking place in the middle of the pub.  As the four brawled they did not notice Calin who moments before had been laughing and joking with a street whore seeking business suddenly slink over to them with an old wooden stool in his hands that he had picked up from under one of the old oak tables that stood close to the bar.  In two quick movements the stool came crashing down on two of the men, upon the second contact the stool had smashed in half in his hands and Calin had thrown the part in his right hand to one side, the wood smashing into glasses of ale from a newly emptied table.

The other two men, one being the farther and the other being future son-in-law stood and gawked at the two unconscious men they had just a moment before been brawling with.  The father of the girl realizing first what had happened, burst into laughter and began to thank Calin. Calin, who hadn’t a clue what the fight was about gave the father a funny look before decking him with a right upper-cut, which knocked him senseless and sent him sprawling backwards, were he crashed to the floor landing heavily on top of the two other unconscious men.  The future husband swung a right hand at Calin's head which Calin ducked, then moving in on his opponent, Calin kneed the man in the crotch, then headbutted him and sent him to the land of nod with the other three men.

Calin had looked down on the four men he had just stoved in. He noticed also the blood and several teeth which were spread across the floor from the violence he had just dished out.  His own blood boiled from the combat and he felt anger still within him.  Looking around he noticed the other people in the pub where standing around him in a large circle, looking, laughing and cheering him for the fight that they'd just witnessed. Calin still held half the stool in his left hand, and this he flung up above him into the air above him,  and as it began it's decent downwards he nutted it towards a part of the crowd that stood sniggering and whispering to each other. They scrambled out of the way as the half piece of stool sped towards them.  Suddenly the room fell silent and all eyes fell on Calin.  A large red gash appeared on his forehead and as he stared at the rest of the occupants in the pub, blood began to trickle out from the gash and down over his nose.  Calin for a moment wondered why he had done such a thing, the sudden pain in his head clearing out the drink in his brain for a brief moment. However, quickly grasping the situation, and not wanting to seem such a fool in front of the audience about him, he clenched both his fists and shouted, "COME ON, COME ON YA DIRTY SCRAGS.  ANYONE ELSE WANT SOME?"  Unsurprisingly that night, nobody took up his challenge and upon realizing this Calin lost his battle urge and smiled a great grin at the shocked faces in the bar. After half an hour things had reverted back to normal and the cheery drunk voices again filled Polk's bar.  The four men, upon regaining consciousness left The Nine Dead Pigs quickly and quietly with heads held low.  Calin had spent the rest of the night in good humor and got even more hellishly drunk from the amount of free drinks bought to him by customers who had enjoyed the night’s entertainment, that he had provided.

Only Polk and a few other men knew of the history of Calin. Calin had told them most of his life story throughout the last year over several drunken nights, the only time he would talk of his past.  Polk had managed to piece together most of Calin's life from the brief snippets of slurred speech he would spit out on these occasions.  As a boy Polk had learned Calin had been trained as a hunter, roaming the forests and valleys around the small village of Welveing and learning the many different ways to kill animals without damaging their precious hides that he'd sell on market days for small amounts of silver. To Calin it had been a poor way to make his living.

At the age of seventeen he had been drafted into fighting a religious war.  A soldier fighting for the priests of Hock, God of the impending law and justice, punisher for one and all, he who his servants claimed had waged a Holy war on Kelvnock, who the priests of  Hock had labeled "Kelvnock the Vile and Impure".

Kelvnock was an ageing war Lord who had travelled the lands of Oldabrock, and on his many legendary and varied travels had accumulated many wives from all around the world. This had been judged by the priests of Hock, to be an act of evil, and Kelvnock was proclaimed a sinner by them and told personally by the head priest of Hock that if he did not leave his castle and lands within one week, taking his filthy whores with him, then the holy armies of Hock would capture him and break him and his women on Hock's dreaded wheel of sins unbound.  It had been Calin's father Geecham who had made him fight for the priests of Hock, and Calin proved for the next four and a half years to be an excellent warrior, and when the need arose and the unit in which Calin fought in lost their captain in battle, it had been Calin who had stepped forward and had took charge. And though many more men were killed, he proved that day to be an excellent leader and captain of a small fighting troop.

However Calin was never the religious man like his father Geecham, and only continued the fight in the war to please him.  After Geecham had died in the holy war against Kelvnock, Calin had changed sides and joined Kelvnock's army. For unknown to his father, Calin had always admired Kelvnock, and marrying many women of different colours, beauty shapes and intelligence, appealed greatly to him.

For over two years he had fought for the armies of Kelvnock, fighting and killing people he had once fought alongside. However, even though Kelvnock's army consisted of more experienced fighting men than those of the priests, their number had began to dwindle while those of the gods Hock rose at a consistent and (for the men of Kelvnock) alarming rate.  The dark magic too that the priests had at their disposal that Hock granted to them also added to the downfall of Kelvnock, who always fought in the front line with his men.  Kelvnock had died three days before the end of the war. But his death had not come by the blade of a fighter. Instead it had been an expert assassin, hired by the priests and aided by their dark magic that had slipped into the battle worn castle, and into the sleeping quarters of Kelvnock. Kelvnock the next day was found dead in bed with his throat slit.  Not even three of Kelvnock's wives had heard the assassin as they lay by his side in bed next to him, and no sign of the assassin was to be found anywhere, he had escaped into the night long before eyes had reopened from sleep, back to claim a fortune in gold from the death dealing priests of Hock.

Three days later Kelvnock's army had surrendered and everybody who had fought in the castle was given a choice.  Renounce their evils and become a worshipper of Hock, or die at the wheel.  Many of the men had fled, Calin being one of these and for the next three years had travelled to many of the ugly and beautiful cities, towns and villages throughout the Kingdom of Labpreane.  He had made his living as a mercenary fighting for the right price, and only the most evil of causes would he not take on as a job.

Most of the jobs in truth that Calin had talked of had been boring to him, consisting of guarding some nobleperson, or threatening and then (if said threat was ignored) beating someone up who would not pay their taxes.  Very few times in his job did the need arise for him to draw blood and take life.  On a few occasions though it had and there had been several times on these rare occasions that his own life had been put at risk.  Sometimes the jobs would pit him against warriors or creatures of great skill, strength and cunning, and on one occasion while helping escort a rich merchant across the desert of a thousand dreams and deaths, with eleven other warriors hired out for the same purpose, Calin had told a story of how near to death he had once indeed come.  The merchant was transporting goods from the Kingdom of Labpreane over to the many cities of the Empire of Velgoramy.  The desert of a thousand dreams and deaths separated the Kingdom from the Empire, which in a way was fortunate as the two great powers had not always seen eye to eye.  As in the last two hundred years, three great wars had been recorded between the two.

The last war had lasted twenty one years and many of the ageing warriors who had survived it, all tell of how it was the most bloody throughout the two's history.  However peace had lasted between the two for over twenty five years, and goods that can be bought in one of the great lands for next to nothing, can then be sold in the other for a small fortune.  There was only one problem to this! The trip across desert that separated the two was exceptionally dangerous and half way across the troop escorting the merchant had been attacked by a group of Black Bargels, four foot tall armadillo like creatures that stood erect like men, wielding axes or small shortened spears in their four stumpy arms.  Fifteen of these had attacked, and towering behind them was their leader, a huge lizard-like thing with green eyes and yellowish-brown scales.  It carried a huge barbed spear in its hands and stood over seven foot tall.  The creature Calin had later found out was called a Quarog, a cold blooded killer that loved the taste of raw flesh and the shine of gold.

Calin along with the other eleven heavily armored men, had engaged the Bargels in hand to hand combat, while the Quarog stayed away from the fight, watching and hissing out it's commands to the Bargel's. Withthe Bargel's outnumbering the mercenaries, and with their hides of thick bone, proved difficult to kill. However, their skill with weapons in hand to hand combat was poor when compared to that of the mercenaries and throughout the combat only five of the mercenaries were slain, although two more suffered wounds which left them unable to fight.

The other five men, although exhausted by the combat, had one more opponent to kill.  The Quarog did not give the men time to re-group and instead charged at the nearest one.  Calin had dodged just in time as the barbed spear of the beast thrust at him towards his chest, instead of penetrating his heart it took him in the shoulder and he was hurled backwards.  The other four men closed on the Quarog before it had time to finish Calin off and eventually they had managed to slay the vile creature, although one of the four had his stomach ripped open in the process, dying a painful and horrible death.

Afterwards the three men who had survived the battle virtually unscathed had attended to the other three injured fighters, bandaging and cleaning wounds.  Calin had suffered the worst of the three injuries and had to rest for the rest of the trip.  The wound, even when it would be healed, would leave his left arm lifeless. His only option of restoring his arm was magic. Only magic could restore him back to how he was before, but magic came at an expense! That expense being gold coin.  The money he was paid by the merchant after they had crossed the desert and reached the city called Xthia in the Empire, he had had to use the majority of it to pay for a healing spell, cast by a priest who worshipped Delveiak, said to be a greater devil and fifth ruler of the thirteen planes of hell.  The spell was very expensive and Calin was left with little of the money left. With all that said, the spell had worked perfectly, and he was back to being as fit as he ever was.

Polk liked Calin, even though at times Calin could be more trouble than any drunk when he himself became intoxicated.  Polk however found Calin's stories fascinating, and throughout the last year the two had become good friends.

For Calin, Polk provided a way of earning money and was also a well of information when it came to other jobs that suited his style of work. Polk would hear long before everybody else of jobs that needed someone to break a few noses, or crack the odd rib or two. Being a landlord in the Nine Dead Pigs had its advantages, as  information was easy to come by, and the job itself brought in many different characters who would share knowledge of the city and the outside world with Polk.

Tonight Polk had listened to a travelling man who had recently visited the island of Gelepicko just half a mile from the coast of Scree. The man was something of a bard and felt if the need arose he could sing, dance, juggle, and story tell at such a level that he could even keep even the gods entertained.  Visiting the small island with the one village and its population of around two thousand, consisting mainly of fishermen, woodcutters and housewives, he had felt money could be made from the lack of quality entertainment the people upon the island must get.  When he had arrived at the one and only village on the island called Pagzuire, named after a legendary pirate who had centuries before used the island to hide his booty (some of which was suspected to be undiscovered and still buried somewhere on the island), he was surprised by the fear that seemed to hang around the men and women of the village.  When he asked if he could entertain in the taverns, he had been refused and told that the time for laughter and merriment was not one that the people of Gelepicko would want in these days of the silent horror.

When he pressed for more information he was told how twice a week for the past eight weeks, a man, women or child would be found at first light dead. The chest of the victim would be ripped open and the heart that had beaten inside that chest gone.

Nobody had seen the killer; all they knew was that he would tear through the roof of their house and rip out their hearts as they slept.  One of the strangest things was that other people in the houses or nearby, would sleep through the whole event, not hearing anything through the night.  There had even been occasions when a wife or husband had been killed and their partner (who would be laying asleep besides them) would not awake as their loved one was murdered next to them in cold blood.  Even the victims corpses when examined the next day would usually have their eyes shut, as though they had slept as their hearts were taken from their bodies.  Those few that had been found with their eyes open, were wide eyed with terror, and their faces twisted and contorted in horror.

After hearing this news and realizing there was no money to be made, the bard had paid to take the next sailing boat off the island of Gelepicko, back to the mainland to seek fresh custom.  As he waited for a boat in the quayside, a very aged and wizened man approached him wearing light blue robes.  The man announced that he was the wizard in the village and offered the bard ten gold crowns if he would spread a message for the next two weeks to as many places he would visit within that time.  The bard had found this very reasonable, and had eagerly agreed to spread the wizard’s message for the price of three weeks wages, that was normal for a workingman to make in the Kingdom of Oldabrock.

The bard then went on to tell Polk the message (gaining a free pint from the barman in the process), and later this night Polk would tell Calin, reporting to him the bards strange story of when he had visited Galiamank.  As soon as Calin had heard the tale about the horrific murders, and more importantly the message of the wizard wanting warriors to meet him in a place on the island called Cedric's Tavern, every night on the third week of this month, the month of the Drolk. Seven hundred and fifty gold crowns were on offer for up to seven trained fighters.  Only the most skilled and bravest warriors in the land were required for the task, and the wizard had told that the task may prove to be extremely dangerous, with death being very possible.  Those warriors that survived though, would share out the gold amongst them.

On hearing this news from Polk, Calin had arranged for the next stagecoach out of Galiamank that would be headed for the seaside town of Jardbourgh on the coast of Scree.  From there a boat could be arranged to take him to the island of Galiamank.  Polk told Calin that the bard had left Gelepicko exactly eight days ago; so this gave Calin six days to reach the island.  The journey he estimated should only take around three days, providing no trouble happened while on the road.  Bandits or something worse around this part of the Kingdom was rare to encounter, but never the less still a possibility.

Calin spent the rest of the night with Fenretta, one of the many prostitutes that worked in the "Red House of Erotic Dreams". Calin liked the company Fenretta provided, as well of course as her usual service.

"If I'm going to be gone from Galiamank for a while, then I may as well treat myself", he had thought to himself while contemplating the trip.  "Besides if there's hard work to be done in Pagzuire ,then there will be no time for women. Might as well sow them while I have the chance!"

Later in the night as he lay in the soft bed with the golden silk sheets, Fenretta now well asleep, the warmth of her body next to his, he tried to imagine why a magician would want seven hard fighting men.  It seemed more than a little bit probable that the murders in Pagzuire had something to do with it.  "Perhaps he knows of the killer, or even killers. Maybe he wants men to hunt them out and slay them?"  At this thought Calin scratched the shaved short hair on top of his head before turning over to cuddle Fenretta, within minutes he was fast asleep beside her.

The next morning Calin awoke early.  He only had a few hours sleep but knew he could catch up on the long boring three day trip which presented itself.  He packed a few provisions that he would require for the trip, mainly dried meats and vegetables.  He also carried with him all the money that he had acquired to this day in the twenty seven years he had lived on Oldabrock.  Twelve gold pieces, nine silver, and fifteen copper was all he had.  It would do though for what he needed.  The stage-coach would cost four gold and ten silver, and he estimated that the boat over to Gelepicko and lodgings once there shouldn’t cost much.

It was his weapons and armor that he felt would be his most important equipment. He always used the same weapons and wore the same armor for any work he may get where combat could be involved.  He gave a smile as he opened up the chest that contained his old coat of chainmail, a small metal helmet and a large wooden shield, strengthened by thick iron strips. These would provide his flesh with protection, but it was his the other things in the chest, the sharp tools of his trade that turned his smile into a large boyish grin.  A longsword in an old leather scabbard that he strapped to his waist was his main weapon.  The years of training and fighting with longswords had made him quite an expert in their use.  The other weapons he carried about his person included a spear that he kept loosely tied to his back.  Having trained as a hunter when he was a boy the use of spears was one of the most important tools when out hunting large game.

Bows where of course the best hunting weapon, but their price was also considerably more than a simple spear. Hunters have also never been the richest of men, especially as Calin was only a teenager for most of his hunting life, so his training with the bow left a lot to be desired.  Lastly he carried three throwing knives, less chunky than daggers but in the right hands just as deadly.  He carried two in his belt next to the sword and one that he strapped to his hard leather boots.  These in the past had proved very handy many times in his life as a mercenary, as well as being excellent for killing a victim at close quarters with one quick flick of the wrist; they were also useful in a hundred of other different ways.  For example when he had worked as a tax collector, people who refused to pay when he called on their houses would lock themselves in, sometimes behind large solid wooden doors.  The thin blades of the throwing knives could be squeezed into cracks to prize them open.  They were also small, and though he would never kill someone who refused to pay their taxes, the small knives could be used to persuade these men to part with their money more easily than if say he employed a simple foot or fist!

The morning sun was bright in the sky as the driver of the coach helped Calin pack his equipment onto the roof-rack of the coach.  After indulging in some minor conversation with the man, Calin learnt he would be sharing the coach to Jardbourgh with two others.  A man travelling to Beft-Glug, and a woman who was also headed for Jardbourgh.

The next two days in the stagecoach passed without incident, and he got to know his two travelling companions well.  The man was a farmer who lived in Beft-Glug and had visited Galiamank to sample the famous ales and to do a spot of gambling.  He had planed to stay for two weeks in the city but found his money quickly dried up in the gambling halls and was forced to quit his holiday and return to his farm.

Calin recognised the young blonde woman, who he knew worked as a dancer come whore in the "Red Kestrel Hotel", one of the more upper-class areas of Galiamank.  Apparently she was originally from Jardbourgh and was going back to visit her family.  When Calin had told her his reason for the trip and why he was headed to the island of Gelepicko she had appeared shocked at the news.  She told him she had visited the island many times when she had lived in Jardbourgh and never once could she remember there being any serious trouble there.

The first night of travelling Calin had nodded off and when he awoke the sky was beginning to darken.  They approached the village of Dotcroft and stayed the night there before travelling on at first light of the morrow. The next night they reached Beft-glug where the farmer departed wishing the two goodbye and good life.  The third day they set off for Jardbourgh.  Half way there a loud crack sounded and the stage coach was flung about madly. Calin and the woman inside were tossed around roughly before it suddenly came to an abrupt stop.

Calin drew his sword and got out the coach looking around and to see what the trouble was. Even in this quiet part of the Kingdom, bandits were still known to roam, and bringing a stagecoach down to collect the goods within was a well known and favorite ploy of robbers.

In the end his worries were for nothing, as he looked down at the broken wheel.  The driver told him the wheel must have hit a rock on the road.  Calin scanned the area and it was plain to see that there was indeed no trouble around.  However the wheel would take time to repair and the driver would have to fix it before they could again be on the move.

"How long man before we are on the road again?", Calin asked.  He wanted to get to his destination as soon as possible, this would give him more time to talk with locals and find out more of what was going on.  "I'm afraid we'll have to spend the night here.", replied the driver.  "I can fix it tonight but it will take a few good hours and by that time it will be dark."

Calin sighed and returned to the coach to tell the woman that everything was fine and the news of the broken wheel.  Later on that night he gave the driver a hand to repair and fix the wheel.  They worked hard and well into the night before the job was complete.

So, after a well earned sleep, with the first light of the next morning they set off again, and by the time it reached midday the town of Jardbourgh could be seen in the distance.  Within the hour they had passed through the west gate of the town and goodbyes and good lucks were said.

Calin set off straight away for the docks, and upon finding a boat, he paid the ferryman two gold and seven silver pieces to take him across the short stretch of water to the island of Gelepicko.  He talked to the ferryman who told him a little about the island.  Apparently the island was around thirty miles long and twelve miles wide at it's thickest point.  He had heard of the murders and for a while his business of ferrying people across had suffered, although in the beginning lots of people who lived on the island had left fearing a terrible curse had been sent down on the people by one of the greater gods or devils, though no soul he spoke to could give a reason as of why such a curse might be.  The population of over three thousand had suffered, and he guessed that those who could, left their houses and fled from the terror which haunted them.

The journey across the small stretch of sea did not take long and he reached the western shore of Gelepicko in good time.  The ferryman pointed him to a road and told him that it led to the village of Pagzuire.  Calin realized he would have to walk the rest of the way, so he wished the ferryman farewell and carrying his equipment, armor and weapons, set off along a dusty well trodden road.

At least seventy percent of the island was forest and most of the trees in this great forest were called Blackwoods. Blackwoods were only known to exist on the island, though no one knew why the reason for that was.  They were huge thick trunked trees towering over a hundred and fifty foot in height, and had been given their name as the bark of the trees was jet black, giving the whole forest a strange, eerie, mystical, dark, and foreboding look to it.

The road itself twisted and turned and at times became very hilly so that it took Calin an hour to reach the village.  The first thing he did was head for Cedric's tavern, the place the wizard he had been told was going to meet anybody who was interested in claiming the gold on offer.

Calin had planned to stay in the tavern for his trip, but when he asked at the bar for a room, he was told that all the rooms were taken.  The barman (who Calin found out later was Cedric the owner) told him that the rooms had all been taken recently by fighting men like himself and that they too had heard the message in some shape or form about the wizard seeking warriors, with a fortune in gold to be won.

Calin gazed about the room of the bar, and it became clear from their dress and look that some of the inhabitants were indeed not foresters or fishermen that he guessed would normally frequent the pub of Cedric. At least five of the men in the room were fighters like himself. However only two of these men looked like the battle hardened warriors that he himself was, the others looked like farmers, foresters or fishermen that were pretending to look like cold heartless warriors who had dished out death on many occasion.

Calin's expert eye had spotted this but he also noted the five other men who were definitely under no such pretence. Four of these men appeared around the same age as Calin, and he guessed like him they were mercenaries seeking work throughout the kingdom of Labpreane.  The other man seemed to be the life and soul of the pub. He was a monster of a man who stood in the middle of the room towering over everybody else there.  He was telling obscene jokes and stories of battles in the past he had fought in. The man was by far the oldest in the pub, looking to be well in his forties, although his movement and the twinkling in his one bright blue eye showed that he had the stamina of a man half his age.  His other eye was covered by a black eye-patch; a thick scar half covered by the patch could be partially seen beneath. The man had a long thick frizzy red beard and bare arms as thick and as gnarled as the stumps of small trees. He wore a green and blue tartan kilt and a vest made from the hide of some very shaggy animal that even Calin with his up-bringing of huntsman-ship did not recognize.

Calin had seen on his travels men like this before, and recognized that the man was not from the kingdom of Labpreane but in fact was a warrior of the northern lands of Frok.  Frok was said to be a completely new continent to that which the Kingdom of Labpreane and the Empire of Velgoramy were made up of.  Frok was reported by those who had travelled there, to be a cold and bitter place were thick snow covered the ground more often than not.

The huge man on spotting Calin and recognizing him too for a true warrior came over and introduced himself.

"Greetings fellow traveler. By the look of you, I dare guess you be a warrior fine. And I also guess you seek the same as the rest of us men here and have travelled far to reach this little tavern in search of fortune and work. My name is Mulk, a fighter since boyhood and a drinker since berth.  Come and join me and some other fellows and have a drink.  Sit and be amazed as the mighty Mulk tells of fantastic stories of his heroic life!" Then Mulk grinned at Calin saying: "I might also tell a few jokes involving the whores of the Empire in connection with the priests of Vral."

Calin realized Mulk must have recognized him to be a bred and born member of the Kingdom, as he had just insulted the Empire.  Everybody knew of the rivalry and past history between the two nations, and Mulk guessed that like most of the people born in the Kingdom of Labpreane, Calin had a secret hatred for their cousins who were separated from them by the desert.  The big man was clearly using this to show good comradeship as the people of Frock also had the odd skirmish with the Empire themselves.

"It is good to be welcomed in such a way friend Mulk", said Calin. "I will indeed join you in a drink later on in the night but first I need to find a place to stay as I still carry my belongings with me."

Mulk nodded his head and suggested to Calin a few other taverns that let out their rooms for a price.  Then the two arranged to meet the next night to discuss what they knew and if the reason for them being on the island was indeed the same.  Calin then bid Mulk farewell and headed off to check out the places Mulk had recommended to him.

The first place he visited was called the "Green Cow" and from the outside it looked quite posh. Upon venturing inside the poshness was confirmed. Although it might prove a little more expensive than most, all Calin was interested in was whether or not it had a spare room left for him to rest. On inquiring at the bar about lodgings, he found it did indeed have one room left and he asked to look at it. He was shown to it by an elderly woman who seemed to have an incredibly patronizing voice, which she used to good effect when talking about the clients she once used to get and how of late all sorts of common types were turning up.  After saying this she had given him a look suggesting that he was one of these so called types, and that he didn’t belong here.  Although this annoyed Calin, the room on inspection proved to be clean and he told her that he would take it.  She did not seem too happy about this, and he chuckled to himself that this old hag who considered herself a lady, would have to put up with him and his ruffian behavior for a time.  He gained some inner pleasure from this as he himself had always looked down on snobs.

Once he had paid and the women had left the room, he unpacked his few spare clothes and equipment and settled down for the night.  Although it was still quite early in the day he did feel tired by the travelling and it had been four nights since he had last slept in the warm bed of Fenretta.  Within half an hour he was fast asleep.

On waking up the next morning he felt refreshed and full of energy. Today he would spend his time getting to know the village and its people, and most importantly, making enquires about the strange goings on.  Then he would go on to Cedric's and drink and talk with Mulk.

That morning he wandered around the one long street, checking out all the merchandise that the small shops had on offer.  These were not much like the shops of the great cities, with their elaborate displays to attract customers.  These small shops reminded him of market stalls, and sold a variety of different things.  Hardly one of the tradesmen specialized in one thing.  Instead they had a great number of objects scattered over a table.

The owners of the shops and the people who lived within the village were not much help either.  Nobody seemed to know anymore than what he already knew.  The murders however were affecting the people, he was sure of that.  Everybody in the village seemed miserable and scared, even the children when playing always seemed to stop now and then to gaze up with frightened eyes at the sky, as if some terrible evil was going to swoop down and take them.

One thing he did learn was that the magician responsible for him being here was called Dermatease.  He was apparently very old and had lived in the village for nearly thirty years.  The people spoke of him with a great fondness and said that  if anybody could find the killer, then it would be good old Dermatease and his magic!

Calin realized that he was getting quite low on money and had only four gold, fifteen silver, and thirty two copper pieces left.  "It should see me all right though, at least for a while yet!", he thought, though secretly questioned his own inner words. "As long as I don't spend it all in this one night getting drunk and completely wrecked!" He decided only to take with him one of the gold pieces, and all of the silver.  This way he would not blow all his money in one mad session of drinking , and possibly gambling.

The rest of the day passed slowly and he waited impatiently for the time he was going to head off to Cedric's tavern to drink with the northerner.  It was mainly this waiting that made him worry and decide to be careful with the rest of his money, as these northern types had a reputation for drinking heavily, and he did not want to get caught up in the night too much with the large fellow called Mulk, who looked like he could drink a pub dry on a daily basis!

As night began to roll in, Calin headed for Cedric's.  He noted how different it was from the Green Cow. Cedric's tavern had a scruffy look about it and on the inside there were no crystal chandeliers hanging from ceilings, or bright red satin couches aligning the alleyways as there had been in the Cow. Instead it reminded him of the traditional pubs such as the Nine Dead Pigs, with its dirty wooden floors and beer stained tables.  This was obviously the place where the working man would drink, and here within the Cedric's walls he felt more at home.

Mulk sat at a table with one of the other men that Calin had seen before and recognized as a true fighter like himself.  Calin went to the bar and ordered a pint of ale, then went over to sit with Mulk who it appeared was boring the other man with a story of when he was younger, fighting in some battle or other within the northern wastes.

As Calin sat down, Mulk stopped his story telling and turned towards him saying:  "Ah ha, once again we meet friend Calin.  I take it you found a room as you look twice the scrag of the man that plundered into here last night."

"Yeah, the Green Cow doesn’t have quite the same magnetism as this place though."

Mulk's face split into a wide grin. He recognized something of himself in Calin and from the first time he laid eyes on him he knew him to be a fellow adventurer. Mulk knew instantly that the man sat next to him was more suited to ruff barrooms, drinking with thugs and scoundrels, and having little to do with the cultured and upper class individuals that frequented the Green Cow.

"Let me introduce you to this other dirty stining ruffian here", Mulk said indicating the other man sitting at the table.  "This here is Haurick, an ex soldier from the city of Morphren.  Quite a skilled swordsman, and like myself, a tireless drinker."

Calin looked at the other man who nodded to acknowledge his presence.  The man looked a touch older than himself, and the stern features set upon his face betrayed a strict military upbringing.  The man was truly soldier born and bred.

Haurick spoke, his voice stern and clear.  "Tell me Calin which part of our great Kingdom do you yourself hail from?"

"Well", said Calin as he took the first swig of his beer, then spat it out cursing as the taste hit him.  "Gods, what the hell kind of beer is this.  It tastes more like the sewers of a thousand cities inflicted with leprosy rather than the sweet taste of a fine ale!"

Mulk and Haurick burst out laughing at the expression of disgust on Calin's face.  They turned to each other, with a chortle in their chests, and as one said: "Galiamank."

Calin realizing that the two had realized he lived in the city well known for its famous and magnificent beverages, also burst into laughter.

"Actually I'm originally from Welveing and only moved to Galiamank later in life.  Now that I've once again travelled out of Galiamank and tasted the ales that the rest of the Kingdom have to put up with, well, I can see why I've stopped so long in Galiamank."

This last statement he said light heartedly as he knew full well that most of the beers and ales throughout the Kingdom were not that bad. Nothing compared to liquid treasures to be found within Galiamank, but still very drinkable.  Besides it made the other two burst out into laughter again.  He guessed from their jolly mood they had already downed a good few and there would be some catching up to do!

"So tell me Calin are you here as well to seek riches offered by the wizard for some unknown purpose", inquired Mulk.

Calin nodded his head then went on to tell his story of how he had come by the bards news told to him by Polk, and the story of the killer roaming mysteriously around the village.

Mulk and Haurick told him what they knew, apart from the way they had heard about the wizards request wanting warriors ( Haurick finding out from an advertisement on some parchment nailed to the side of a pub in Morphren, and Mulk from a merchant who had heard it from a fellow salesman who had travelled some weeks before to the village and had been approached like the bard had by the wizard ) they could not add to what Calin already knew.

Calin learnt that both Mulk and Haurick had both just arrived a few days earlier on the island and had met in Cedric's.  Haurick claimed that he had arrived a day later than Mulk and when he walked into the pub he'd heard this booming laugh and this man's booming voice that spoke of dangerous quests he had undertaken, along with the many fair maidens who he had acquainted.

"I knew then that I would have to meet the loud-mouthed braggart of such outrageous claims", said Haurick smiling and giving a sly wink to Calin.

"Claims! Claims!", bellowed Mulk. "Why not one word of a lie has been uttered from my lips for at least two minutes."

That night the three men drank themselves stupid.  Calin, who's money ran out long before the other two, was bought free drinks by them and told in slurred speech he was not sneaking away from the booze that easily.

Calin enjoyed the night and in the hours that past a strong bond of friendship was built up among the three men.  They listened to each other's past stories of adventures and places they had visited.  Mulk had the greater say and some of the things he had seen and the knowledge he possessed made Calin gape open mouthed in amazement.  He spoke of strange lands, fantastic monsters, beautiful women and incredible cites that Calin found hard to believe.  He even claimed to have fought briefly in the last great war for the Kingdom as they battled with the Empire.

By the end of the nights drinking, the talking got around to the wizard Dermatease and why should a wizard require warriors. Mulk spoke of his hatred for most wizards and the dirty magic tricks they could employ when facing an enemy.  He claimed that during the war with the Empire he had been made a captain of a hundred men. This( if true) was fairly uncommon, though the Kingdom at times had been known to let foreigners who showed incredible skill in leadership, rise up through the ranks.  Mulk spotted the disbelief on Calin's face, and at seeing this, he showed Calin a gold jeweled ring that he wore on his right hand.  Calin's jaw dropped open as he had only seen on rare occasions such rings; for they were given to only the bravest of men who had won a victory in battle while fighting for the honor of the Kingdom. Anyone found possessing one who had not come by the ring for the proper reasons, or someone using the ring to make false claims of defending the Kingdom, would be put to death if discovered. Calin knew from this that either Mulk was telling the truth, or he was taking a very dangerous risk in flashing off such a ring in public.

He then went on to tell a story of when he led his men into battle against a bunch of the Empires soldiers who were being aided by six magicians dressed in long red robes. He told of how as the battle commenced the magicians cast a spell on Mulk that made him think he was one of them, his own men were metamorphosed in his minds eye to look like the enemy.  As the fight got underway he began to hack into his own troops who only the night before he had drank, sang, and travelled with.  Men who he commanded, men he had called friends.  One of these men was his second in command, a man he had trusted with his life and who had fought at his side in many earlier battles.  But to him as the evil spell had taken over his mind, now this man looked like a sergeant of the Empire.  He had hacked the man down from behind, dealing out a death blow that had torn through the mans shoulder, downwards towards his heart, which had split open as if it was nothing more than a rotten apple falling from a dead tree.

He had killed a total seven of his own men before the realization of what was happening made his soldiers react. He claimed it had took four of them to overcome and subdue him, bringing him to the ground.  One of his men then struck him a blow to the head which knocked him senseless and when he awoke the battle was over.  He'd found out that the wizards had cast the same spell on several other of his men and chaos had reined among their rank.  In the end only twelve of his men survived the battle. These twelve untouched by the magic, had carried him, their leader, away to safety.

As Mulk recounted the story, Calin realized that the man was indeed telling the truth as a great tear welled up in his massive blue eye. Warriors of this kind were only ever known to cry when recounting the lives of lost comrades who had died bravely or tragically in battle. Mulk then drew from under his woolen vest a thick gold chain that he wore around his neck. On the end of the chain was a large black lump of rock that glistened as he held it up to the light.

"This here I paid a small fortune for." said Mulk.  "While I wear this, never again will one of those mystic bastards be able to take over my mind!"

Later still that night just before the pub was about to close, the three contemplated what the wizard would say when he arrived in the bar tomorrow night.  Many strange and light hearted suggestions were made, adventures that included battling gods and devils, to venturing across lands on some bizarre quest to ravage a bunch of maidens.  However they all agreed that it was more than probable that it had something or other to do with the killings. The one thing that the three did agree upon was t whatever the wizards job may be, as long as they got a fair share of the money, that in the end was all that really mattered.

Calin could not remember how he got home that night.  When he had awoke in the afternoon he'd found he was in his bed in the Green Cow with a stomping headache as his only company.  He knew he had till midday to get his head back in order.  To do this he took a stroll around the village and then out into the forests among the dark Blackwoods, in here he spotted some of the many strange animals that lived within these woods.  Like the trees the animals were unique to the island, though they were mainly different in only color and size.

The most interesting he spotted was a red horbe, these where said to be a cross between a wolf and a fox, with a red coat and bushy tail.  Indeed to Calin it looked like a very large fox though nowhere near the same size as a wolf.  They were also very shy animals and very rarely (unless starving) were known to have attacked villages on the island (and even then, the reports of attacks were mainly of some poor lost child no more than seven or eight years off the teat, wandering the woods).  As soon as the horbe caught his sent on the wind it took off into the trees with lightening pace.  He cursed to himself for he was well trained as a hunter and knew all about wind direction and how animals used it to detect prey or enemies.  Had he known the animal had been there, he would have circled around and approached from the other side, the animal would not have smelt him, and he could have studied it more closely at his leisure.

Once the cobwebs of last night drinking session had been completely blown off him, he returned to the village and waited in his room, supping large mugs of cool water.  When the time came, he headed off to Cedric's.  Tonight was the night for possible work, so he had been glad to get rid of his hangover.

Tonight Cedric's had considerably more men within than the two previous nights.  They were all obviously here to hear the wizards offer, so there may be some competition as Calin roughly counted over twenty men in the bar, and the job he knew was said to be only  for seven.

Mulk and Haurick sat at the table he had gotten drunk at the previous night.  In spite of all the fighting men about, the two had still kept him a chair, so feeling guilty about last night he bought three flagons of ale as a slight compensation for their previous generosity, and then happily joined them at the table.  For the next hour the three chatted about last nights session and how bad they had all felt upon waking up on this day.  The conversation was just beginning to trail into a new subject about the reported trouble with the monarchy, when suddenly the door of the pub opened and a wizened old man in bright green robes, carrying a large knotted wooden staff with a white jewel on the end, slowly walked into the bar.  Walking for him seemed to be difficult and with each step he took he used his staff as a means of supporting his weight.  All noise in the pub suddenly stopped and all eyes turned towards the old fellow.

The man then spoke, his voice aged, dry, and educated in tone.  The accent sounded of one who had been born into a rich upbringing, as the voice was trained and boomed out, filling the large room as he spoke.

"Tonight I come to find hero's of the bravest order, men made of steel who could stare the gods and devils of the false religions in the eye without fear!"

At this the warriors in the bar seemed to settle down and some smirked at the remark just made. The man obviously sensing he was talking to men whose eyes did not light up at a challenge of going on mighty quests, decided to change his tactic a little.

"Of course there are great riches to be shared, riches that will make you fat with plates of fine food. And not forgetting, not for one burnt down candle wick, the women of the greatest beauty. The finest of whores will line up in the hope of sharing your bed. And such a bed you should have be you successful, will be a bed of silken sheets, housed with a house of splendor."

At this the sniggering stopped and all again took great notice of what was being said: "Seven of you I will choose.  These will be the bravest and best amongst you.  Each individual here within this bar will come and talk to me and tell me of their past lives, and why they deserve to be picked for the task I offer.  I will listen to each case put before me and choose once I have heard everyone’s case.  I want to know what makes you think you are a mighty warrior and what you have done in the past to prove this."

 The wizard then let his gaze drift over all in the room, as though he was looking for any tell-tale sign, before continuing, saying: "I warn you now of something of the task at hand though, it involves fighting dangerous creatures, but more importantly the main enemy who will need to be destroyed will be a powerful wizard like myself, dealing in the darkest magics!"

At this several men got up cursing the man, it was a well known fact that men of the sword only feared magic.  Calin counted six men get up and leave the pub shouting abuse at the man in the green robes.  None of them threatened him though, this was not because he was very old and would prove no sport in a fist fight, but because he too was obviously a wizard himself!

All those left in the room now, that after long days of hard travelling, they now looked upon their possible future employer.  Calin heard the name Dermatease whispered several times amongst the men, and was certain that this must be he, although he'd guessed as much soon as his eyes had caught sight of the man entering the pub.

Dermatease ignored the insults hurled at him and when all the men who had changed their minds had left, continued on with his speech: "Be warned however, you may think to lie to me about your past lives and experiences in an effort to try and influence my judgment. This will not work! For I and everyone else here will know if you dare lie to me.  I have cast a spell you see, a spell which allows me to detect an un-truth directed towards me.  Every time one of you scabby dogs lie in my presence, the jewel on this staff will glow bright, and those caught talking dung will be immediately void of my choosing.  Is that understood by everyone?"

Ayes and I's sounded all around the room of the bar.  Then once things had settled down the wizard moved to a nearby table. The other people who had been sitting at this table had quickly deserted it when they saw his gloomy mad eyed approach. Then the next two hours were spent with the wizard interviewing everyone within the bar seeking his still unknown work. Calin was nervous as he had never done an interview when looking for work.  Mercenaries simply showed up to the individual who desired to hire them and then asked if they needed the services of a good fighting man at a reasonable price.  He was used to yes or no answers, but this business of cueing up to have a chat about past experience of what weapons he had trained in and what kind of tasks he had undertaken, was a very unique, strange, and nervous situation for him to say the least.

Regularly the jewel would emit a bright white light as a man sat down with the wizard and gave descriptions of his life's work.  The wizard would then stand up and denounce the man a liar, the man accused would of course never dream of challenging this powerful wild eyed magician, and the said man would then have to slink away into the shadows or out of the door, his eyes looking downwards in shame, not wanting to meet the glare of those in the pub!

When Calin heard his name called, he went over to the table and plomped himself in the seat opposite to the wizard.  Throughout his interview he answered the wizards questions as best he could.  The wizards face remained passive throughout and Calin found himself sweating profusely during the duration of the verbal examination.  He could feel the rest of the men's eyes in the bar burning into his back, hoping he would lie or show some sign of weakness that may improve their chances of getting the job.  Once it was over he relaxed back into his chair, and took a deep swig of his ale, then sat back and waited for the end of the other interviews. Even if he was not one of the chosen seven, at least the jewel had not lit up the once while he told his story. When the last man was finished the wizard stood up and declared he had reached a decision.

"I Dermatease, the green wizard of Gelepicko, name these following men to undertake the task I shall set them.  The rest who are not so named will leave this place or suffer my wrath! is that understood?" Everyone again nodded and then Dermatease read out seven of the men’s names.

"Mulk, whom shall lead the rest", he declared in his loudest and deep rolling voice.

"Croll."

"Abe."

"Haurick."

"Calin."

"And the two blood brothers, Stan and Bill, will be the final members of the company." 

Again curses sounded throughout the bar and for a moment Calin felt that trouble was about to start.  But from the glare in the wizard’s eye, it would have taken a mighty brave man to stay and challenge him, and seeing that Dermatease had also undoubtedly picked the bravest and deadly from the bunch of warriors, none of these other men who had been disappointed by his decision, decided on showing too much bravado.

It took some time still but soon the only people who remained in Cedric's were the seven chosen warriors, the wizard, and Cedric himself, who had remained tight lipped throughout the whole ordeal. The wizard then went over to the middle of the bar and seated himself at the largest table in the room.

"Cedric old friend." cried out Dermatease.  "Drinks, drinks all round for all these fine, brave men."

Cedric brought four large flagons of ale, each containing six pints and placed them at the table at which the wizard sat.  The seven warriors sensing the free booze seated themselves at the table, each filling his mug.

"Good men", continued the wizard through the glugs and belches that sounded all around him.  "It is time you all learned of the task involved so that you can make your claim on the money."  The men now listened, free ale was one thing but the money was what they were really here for.  "You will all know, I take it, of the mysterious murders that have been causing panic and a great feeling of dread throughout this village.  Up until now not one person has  known the cause or the reason for these horrible acts.  I myself have tried to find out what evil lurks on our good little island, and through my magic have tried to detect what that evil might possibly be!"

"Alas, I found my spells were blocked. Someone, I guessed at the time, most probably another magician, was blocking me.  However after week after week of trying to break the block, I eventually managed to get through.  My magic showed me a place that I recognized, the place was a flat field next to the small lake near the top of the island.  In the field I saw a red and yellow tent with figures around it.  My magic was still being blocked to some degree so the picture in my head was somewhat fuzzy and viewed from quite a distance away.

"I needed to investigate to find out what the village was up against.  As you all can see though, I am very old and a journey like that, though short, would be too far for me to travel. These old bones of mine are very rickety nowadays! So I hired two of the guards of the village whom from past experience I could trust not to go spreading rumors to the other villages."

"Why's that?", commented the man who had been named as Croll.  A small stocky man with a neck like a bull.  "Why did you not tell everybody in the village who was responsible for their nightmares?"

"AH HA…Well… erm… er… er... Croll… Yes Croll." Continued Dermatease suddenly remembering the name of the man as he spun his head somewhat akin to an owl in answer to this question.  "The magic that had been used to block my own for so long must be very very powerful indeed. If the villages were to go on a witch hunt, who knows what might happen, or indeed what more lives would be lost, or worse!  Great magic can be used to great effect on those who are not as strong willed as yourselves!"

"Aye", agreed Mulk suddenly rising up in his seat.  "That be true."

"Anyway, like I said, I called on Bill and Stan here who work in the village as guards.  They where the ones who went out to investigate and get a closer look at what you will have to deal with."

"Stan, why don't you tell the rest of our comrades here what you saw at the lake."

Stan nodded; he was a man like his blood brother Bill.  Neither of them looked to be anywhere near in the same league of muscle ratio as the other men, nor did they possess the same aura that the other fighting men around the table permanently seemed to give off, seeming more ordinary and far less threatening.  Stan then proceeded to recount what he and Bill had seen when they had travelled to the lake:  "I, there was the tent.  Big it was. Me an Bill did'en dare go too close to it.  Besides we saw what we needed to.  The strange thing was that all around this bony cououred tent were holes in the ground! And outta some came smoke, pouring from them!"

"We counted six in all, though from our view we couldn’t see behind the tent so there might have been more.  Anyway these strange horrible creatures that looked like wrinkly old men kept popping out!"

"Quibs", interrupted Calin.  He like the rest of the men knew of the strange creatures that lived underground.  Quibs were known to be cowardly creatures that lived mainly on small bugs and worms, their favorites being the great Galiten worms that could stretch up to five men's arm width in length.  Humans who had tried these worms had found their taste to be disgusting.  They where known to come in three different colors, yellow, green and orange, each of the colors was said to possess a different taste, though all were said to be just as disgusting in flavor as every other.

Quibs were small humanoid creatures and because of their underground life their skins were incredibly wrinkly and dry. At birth they would have the eyelids of their eyes (which were practically useless) sown up. This was because when growing up it had been found out from previous generations of quibs, that it enhanced their hearing and sense of smell.

Quibs on occasion were known to be dangerous and if they spotted an opponent they outnumbered, would not hesitate to attack.  Raw flesh could also be eaten and enjoyed by these creatures, and Kingdom law stated that Quibs should be considered by all to be dangerous pests that should be killed or avoided completely.

Stan continued:  "Also there was another creature amongst them.  This again me and Bill did not know what it was, only when we reported back our findings and gave the description to Dermatease did he recognize it as a Delvock!"

This time it was Haurick's turn to interrupt.  "A Delvock? Pray you be joking!  Delvock's, why they're only known to me to be lone hunters that live in the hotter lands of the Kingdom.  Such as the city that I come from."

"We get the odd Delvock now and again that comes into the outskirts of Morphren, always bringing chaos with it. They're huge beasts! Believe me, if there's a Delvock out there... Well all I know is that whenever we had to slay one while I patrolled within the Morphren guard, it took a lot of men to bring it down.  Besides they're only semi-intelligent, a bit smarter than a flea bitten dog at best." He said with a hard sneer, then continued: "They're also mean and evil bastards that kill not only for food, but out of fun.  In my time I have never known a Delvock team up with anything, not even another bloody Delvock!"

"Well this one has." said Dermatease.  "And it is because of the last thing that Bill and Stan saw that it has done this.  Bill perhaps you would like to explain what you saw come out of the tent."

All eyes at the table turned to Bill who gulped nervously before saying: "It was nothing spectacular, only a man.  He had on his arm a large black raven and he wore a robe cut from what I guess must be the finest of silks."

"Tell them of the color of the robe Bill", said Dermatease, his eyes suddenly flashing towards Bill who looked a little uncomfortable as he addressed the group. "I think one member of our crew here might recognize what kind of man it was you saw!"

"Right, well it was many colors tell the truth".  Bill stopped a moment to think before saying:  "It was striped like… erm… red, blue, green, well all the colors of the rainbow was in that there  robe."

Abe, a young dark skinned man with the same build as Calin gave a low groan.  "A rainbow-mage from the island of Termatrap!" he said with an accent not of the Kingdom. "I wizard. I know's of their kind. They only recruit the most evil and intelligent of minds when looking for new rainbow-mages to teach their evil craft too.  They are known to travel the world of Oldabrock in their search for new blood.  They also recruit other evil beings as their servants, using magic to do so.  If it's a rainbow-mage were up against, then we do indeed have our work cut out!"

"This is how he has a Delvock fighting for him", said Dermatease to Haurick.  "It is not unusual for a wizard to charm some creature of great strength into his service.  In my time I've known of many wizards that have done such things.  I've known wizards in the company of mighty Corgriadons, or flying Matra-nogs. I even recall that the mighty Saprotinease (the kings very own wizard) charmed a female Drolk to guard the kings treasure chamber."

“Anyway enough of this chat! This is your task, to kill all of these denizens. So you all now know of the undertaking involved, any of you wishing to back out say so now?"

The warriors muttered amongst each other, only the two blood brothers remained silent.  The fact that a mighty wizard had entered into there task brought doubt amongst them.  Magic was perhaps the only thing that these men truly feared.

"What of the wizard’s magic", said Mulk.  "I have my stone but the rest of the men are powerless against it.  Will you use your magic to stop the magician?"

"I will, you have my word on that. Though I will not be able to make the trip to the lake to fight with you. As I said before, I am old and my travelling days are long gone. That said I will do what I can from here, and although I will not be able to stop the wizard, I should be able to weaken some of his magic in certain ways. With only seven of you to protect, I should be able to give him a hard time in most of his spell casting."

After several more minutes of talking and taking into consideration what Dermatease had just said, they all agreed that for the money on offer, the risk should be worth it.

"Good then", said Dermatease when all of the men had agreed to go. "Then tonight you will rest for tomorrow you will set off to rid this island once and for all of the evil that plagues it.  One more thing you all should know. Bill and Stan where spotted by the mage, he had let his raven fly into the sky and I guess that it was this creature that had spied them. Some of the Quibs gave chase but the distance between them was too great and the pair got away before they could be caught.  It does mean one thing though, the mage knows that someone knows of his presence and I also suspect that he will have sensed my magic.  So be warned, he might be ready for you when you arrive at the spot he is at."

The rest of the night was spent planning for tomorrows attack.  Bill and Stan drew a crude drawing of what they could remember of the tent and it's surroundings.  During this time each got to learn of the histories of the other men they did not know of.

Throughout the night Calin learnt that Bill and Stan were two of several guards employed to keep order in Pagzuire.  None had seen much action and he guessed these to be the least useful members of the squad.  "No doubt Dermatease has promised them a share in the gold when he asked them to spy on this rainbow-mage's camp.  I thought that at those interviews there were a few other men that looked more suitable for a good scrap, or at least better than those two", he thought to himself.

Croll was a mercenary like Calin who had become bored of his life as a soldier and sought other adventures to quicken the amount of gold to fill his pockets.

Abe was from a small southern island called Bellmearto that Calin had never heard of.  He was a warrior from a small tribe who had sworn an oath to fight evil and undo wrongs throughout the world of Oldabrock.  After travelling to the Kingdom he had been seduced by the quality of living and the many different ways of spending good, hard earned, money.  He decided at that point in his life he would become more than a simple man on some empty quest gaining nothing but handshakes and thanks, and instead fight for wealth and become a mercenary, still helping those in distress, but for the small price of a few gold coin!

At dawn the next day the seven men met outside Cedric's.  Calin had expected to see Dermatease but he guessed the old wizard must still be in bed as he was nowhere to be seen and his forthcoming part in the scheduled combat was still a few hours away.  After a talk with Stan he learnt that the wizard had spent the night preparing protection spells which would hopefully protect them from the rainbow-mages magic, and he was now indeed now resting from the exertion of the nights work.

The seven had decided that they would walk to the tent of the rainbow-mage that was situated next to the lake, as horses were a rare thing on the island, and besides the lake lay only fourteen miles away to the north, near the  island’s upper most part.  Calin calculated that they should reach their destination by midday.

Only the two blood brothers did not look as well equipped as himself, each carrying but a small sword and shield, and only and wore a light leather armor and small helm as protection that Calin guessed was usual battle dress for a guard upon Pagzuire.

Mulk was dressed in a heavy bronze breast plate, and his kilt had a light covering of chainmail over the top of it.  He also wore a large helmet that covered most of his head, which although Calin guessed gave him good protection, would also reduce his vision by some degree. Wrapped around his hands were large metal gauntlets and in these he carried a large bronze headed battle axe.  Strapped to his back was a rather fancy and very expensive heavy crossbow that Calin suspected could cause devastating damage to an opponent. To go with the crossbow, he also carried in his belt a quiver of thick metal headed bolts.

Haurick wore some of the finest plate armor that Calin had ever seen.  Although it showed signs of wear and tear, it still showed immaculate work in it's design.  He too wore large metal gauntlets and a large helm, although in looks the helm was very different to the one worn by Mulk, as it possessed a hinged visor that completely covered his head.  His only weapon though was his large scimitar, the blade looking razor sharp and being nearly four foot in length.

Croll was dressed in the traditional mercenary way, very much like Calin.  In fact he was armored exactly the same as Calin, wearing chainmail, leather gauntlets, small metal helm, and a large wooden shield.  He too carried a longsword but also carried two small
throwing axes strapped in his belt.

To Calin however it was Abe who was dressed in the most outlandish and unsuitable way.  He wore no armor except for a large helmet made from what Calin guessed was the skull of some kind of wild boar, a kind which he as a hunter had never seen before.  As weapons he carried a large wickedly barbed spear and several large throwing darts, eight inches in length, that were tied to a thick fur belt that was slung around his right shoulder.  Calin later found out when in conversation with Abe on the walk to the tent, the darts were coated in a mild poison, and were a specialized weapon used by the Gell warriors of his tribe.

The walk to the lake was untroubled and even the weather was for once fine and sunny, though a cold frost could still be seen on the ground were shadow still lay.  During the walk, morale was high and each of the men practiced combat with one another.  Calin learnt that between himself and Haurick there was not much of a difference, the two being marginally better than Abe and Croll in hand to hand combat, but all far better than the two blood brothers.  It was Mulk however who was by far the most skilled, showing none of his age and pushing all back with his skill and speed.  It seemed to Calin that Mulk's battle axe was an impenetrable shield that could dish out fast death if Mulk so wished it.

It took them most of the morning to reach their destination but now they looked down on the lake from a tall hill, the same one Bill and Stan had used to spy on the inhabitants in and around the tent.  The lake was long and narrow and they stood at the bottom end of it which looked about a hundred yards across, the rest stretched upwards for what looked like a couple of miles.  All around the lake and everywhere as far as the eye could see was the large dark forest of Gelepicko.  It was at a small clearing of a few hundred yards at the base of the lake that seven pairs of eyes looked at with most interest.  In the centre of this clearing was the large red and yellow tent.  Around it four ugly Quibs, dressed only in loin cloths and armed with spiked clubs and small shields stood on guard.  Calin knew from the holes in the ground there were bound to be quite a few more of these creatures and from the smoke emitting from them, they were cooking food down below.  Smoke also poured out of the roof of the tent and each knew that the mage (and most probably the Delvock as it would be to big to fit into the Quibs holes) rested inside as the men crouched down, thus hiding themselves. Calin reminded Bill, who was closest to him, of the Quibs blindness, and whispered to him:

"All you've got to remember with Quibs is to keep quiet and make sure that they can't smell you on the wind. Their senses are very acute and..."

Suddenly a loud squawking sound sounded from up above their heads, it came from a large black raven that circled around them.  The noise made by the raven alerted the four Quibs. Upon hearing the birds call, the Quibs began sniffing the air and when they smelt nothing, ran inside the large tent.

"So much for a surprise attack!", said Croll angrily looking up at the black circling spy.

"What now?", asked Haurick to Mulk.  "Do we charge them and flush them out?"

"No!", replied Mulk, staring at the tent in thought. "But we will move closer into the open and wait for them.  I guess at a distance we shall have the advantage as those blind sods shouldn’t be able to use ranged weapons.  We shall wait a while and see if any of them come out, if any dare, then we will pick them off before they can get to us."

"What of the mage, we will be susceptible to his magic still!", said Abe.

Mulk sat in thought for a moment.  "Hmm, rushing in on an enemy whose strength and number we have little knowledge of, may also be unwise.  Besides this gives us the chance to find out whether or not we stand a chance against this magician's magic, with a bit of luck Dermatease will be able to counter it and that will be one less problem for us to consider.  We should know or not anyway in say an hour.  We will wait that long, if nothing happens in that time, then we will work our way slowly towards the tent and see what happens."

"So for now lads, let's all stick together for the present, and stay bloody well clear of them dirty holes in the ground."

The men then got up from their hiding position and made their way down the hill into the opening of the field.  They stopped about a hundred feet from the tent, around eighty feet away from the two closest holes.  The men who carried projectile weapons prepared them for an onslaught that might come at any time from either the tent or the small smoking holes in the ground.

A thought struck Calin.  "Damn, if only we had brought some oil, we could have torched the tent!"

"A good thought too late Calin", laughed Mulk.  "Anyway from the gleam the tent has upon it, I suspect it is fire proof."

Calin looked closely and noticed the tent did indeed have a coating of something that gave it a shiny texture.

"No", continued Mulk.  "Let's just wait! See what happens before we go rushing in like the wild women of Borgano!"


Inside he’s tent, Malag-Tog (the rainbow mage) peeped through a small hidden hole within it's side.  He knew that sooner or later his little escapade upon the island would be noticed and investigated. He had felt another magicians magic sniffing around him, sensing the cold and evil nature of his plans. Once discovered he thought that the word of the killers whereabouts would spread around the village like wildfire, and was indeed surprised it had taken this long for him to receive company.

The men outside however did not look like weak minded villages that could be easily tricked and confused by his spells. Still he knew one or two tricks that would see this squad of mercenaries slaughtered by his many loyal Quibs; what with their number being so few, the quibs could gang-up and surround them, slaughtering them easily.  Although without his magic he guessed the Quibs would stand far less of a chance, these men did at least look like experienced and well trained fighters.

Beside him the huge Delvock snorted, no doubt it too wanted to go outside and rip into these men with its full mite.  But the Delvock made an excellent bodyguard and just in case one of these men did overcome his magic and got a little too close to him, then and only then would the Delvock get its chance to spill some blood.

Malag-Tog settled himself down crossed legged on the ground.  He began to breathe deeply as he prepared his mind for a mass fear spell that would reduce the group of men outside into shaking wreaks.  Their weapons would be useless, and even keeping hold of a weapon once the fear spell was cast should prove extremely difficult, never mind wielding one in attack or defense.

Suddenly he felt another mind blocking him.  The same mind that he had sensed sniff him out... Another magician.

He gave a curse, as a rage swept through him, realizing that his new improved powers were being blocked.  The rage registered across his face as he pondered an alternative strategy.  After some thought, he came to the conclusion that he'd have to form a new plan and use weaker magic, even though his powers were much greater now than they had ever been throughout his life.

The fact was, there now was a risk, and the realization that he was up against a foe that would be no easy pickings made him tell the Delvock and the Quibs through a mental mind message spell, to prepare to charge the men when he gave the word.

Looking out again through the hole he spied a warrior type that was kind familiar to him.  He wore no armor and carried deadly darts tipped with poison.  He prepared another spell, one which the other interfering wizard would not be able to block. Then he again began chanting arcane words of power and pictured the Gell warrior within his minds eye.  Then he drew from his belt, which fastened together his multicoloured robe, a fine gold hilted dagger.  He began to make a sawing movement with the dagger through the air until he heard the ripping sound he had been waiting for.  The dagger had made a cut into thin air, and opening the cut up a little, Malag-Tog peeked through to see the side of the Gell warrior.

The group waited silently, listening to any noise that may come from within the tent, when suddenly one of the men screamed in pain and all looked around to see Abe, who had fallen to the ground, a fresh wound in his side, bleeding heavily.

"A hand! A man's hand came out of fresh air and did it!", screamed a clearly terrified Stan, who had been waiting behind Abe.

As all but one of the men went over to Abe's aid, they made the mistake of turning their backs on the large tent.  Hideous gurgling screams sounded and as they turned around a dozen Quibs exploded from out of the holes in the ground and ran towards them.  Mulk was the only one who had stayed fully alert and fired his crossbow at the nearest Quib.  The bolt caught the creature in the chest and sent it hurtling backwards leaving an ark of green blood in it's decent.  The others carried on, ignoring the death that had just been dealt out to one of their number.

All the men were ready however to meet the assault as the Quibs came at them wielding their spiked clubs.  Even Abe had got to his feet trying to fight off the burning pain in his side as he prepared himself for the oncoming battle.

Then came the clash as the mercenaries many varied weapons met with the Quibs spiked wooden clubs.  The men were clearly outnumbered and all but Haurick fought against two opponents.

Calin dodged a sweeping blow from a club aimed at the left side of his head while he counter-attacked the other Quib.  His sword swept at the Quib on his right which blocked the blow as it stepped backwards. He fought in this way, using his shield mainly to block the blows of the Quib on his left and relaying on his agility and sometimes armor to stop the other Quib.  After several minutes of battling in this manner and suspecting the Quibs were waiting for him to tire, one of them made a mistake and Calin seized his opportunity.  The Quib on his left came too close to him and thrusting at the one on his right so it moved backwards away from his blade, he kicked the one to his left in the leg, his steel two-capped boot bringing a squeal of pain as it cracked against it's shinbone.  Then he slammed his shield as hard as he could into the things ugly face.  It gave a sick cry as the shield busted its sensitive nose, sending it crashing to the ground.  Immediately he attacked the other Quib, but now in a one on one situation the Quib was no match for Calin, as his sword flashed back and fourth sending shards of wood spinning through the air from its club. Then he broke through its defense and slashed it hard across the stomach, splitting it open and spreading green blood and guts all over the ground.  Calin felt a pain strike him across his left shoulder.  The Quib who's nose he had busted now attacked him from behind and had whacked him with it's club, fortunately his chainmail armor, combined with a bad strike from the Quib only managed to cause for the spikes to dig in half an inch into his flesh.  Still it hurt and he turned around sharply to meet it.

"You backstabbing son of a sod.  I'll cut you in half and piss on your insides for that", he shouted as the sharp stabs of pain caused a maddened battle rage to well up within him.


Inside the tent Malag-Tog had watched the beginning of the battle.  Things weren’t going as well as he had originally perceived and so he had sent the Delvock out into the battle. He figured that although his bodyguard would now not be by his side, the huge creature could turn the tide, and be put to better use in helping by helping the quibs. As the huge monster lumbered out, Malog-Tog surveyed the fight. His warp dagger spell had worked well enough although he knew that if he could have somehow got hold of a drop of the Gell warrior’s blood and spread it on the blade of his dagger, the strike at his intended victim would have most likely proved fatal.  Still that did not matter now, he had at least weakened the warrior and the Quibs had done the rest.

He was still bothered by what he saw. These were tough men. Hard to kill, and determined, making a bad coupling. He quickly decided that the odds of victory were still not totally in his favor. There was only one thing for it, he himself would go out among them and cause some damage.  First though he would need some protection.  He decided again on one of his weaker spells as it would be hard for the blocker of his magic to detect it.  A spell he had learnt many years ago when he had first studied as a rainbow-mage.  The spell in fact was not that powerful and most of the time hardly worked.  However with his knew improved abilities in magic, the spell should work perfectly and the result should prove very nasty for the men who had invaded his domain.

Once more he began to chant words of a mystic nature (the spell also required him to inhale a kind of dried seaweed which would induce a calmness to the face). Once this was done he smiled to himself as he realized the spell had indeed worked.  The spell was called dangerous minds and it effected anybody who saw him as an enemy within a ten yard radius. With the spell in place, those viewing the mage would now think him a weak opponent, and least likely to cause them harm.  As long as some of his servants remained alive, he should remain un-attacked as the battle raged about him.


With a quick parry and a feigned stroke at the body, followed by three slashes, two across the chest and one across the neck, severing the Quibs throat, Calin stood triumphant in his fight against the two Quibs that had attacked him. He was only slightly injured with a battered shoulder and in his time had learnt to control pain, knowing that more fights for him still loomed.  "It will have to throb like a Jargolian bitch later!", he said beneath his breath, though deep down he knew he lied inwardly to himself, and also gave a rather embarrassed frown in case someone had overheard he’s ridiculous butch comment.

He looked around to see how the rest of the combat with the other men was going, seeking to help out any of his comrades who looked in trouble. His eyes first spotted Abe who lay on the ground dead.  His face had been smashed in and he was hardly recognizable beneath the bloody mess that now made up his head.  Besides him lay two dead Quibs, one of which had been skewered through the heart by Abe's barbed spear.  The other had three darts sticking out of it in various unpleasant places.  In this case Calin suspected it was not the poison that killed the creature, as one of the dart-shafts jutted out from the Quibs left temple.

Several yards from the prone position were Abe lay was Croll.  He also lay on the ground, though unlike Abe he was not dead, only badly injured from the attack from his two Quibs.  Blood could be seen gushing out of various places of his body, caused by heavy blows from the spiked clubs. The two Quibs he had fought lay near him, dead from his sword, as he now took out bandages from his backpack.  Although he would live, he would not be able to fight again in this combat.

Next he looked to the direction the two blood brothers had fought in. Bill lay on the ground dead much like Abe.  His body a pulped red mass from numerous sickening club blows. He had slain one of his Quibs, but another still remained alive whacking it's club down into Bill's lifeless mutilated corpse.

As for Stan, he was running off while being chased by two Quibs that followed behind him in close pursuit.

"Coward", thought Calin. "Trust one of the island men to chicken out!" In truth he was not surprised of this as the training and experience that Stan had had was nothing compared to the other men of the company. Although his blood brother Bill had been trained in the same way as him, and though he now lay dead, he had at least shown some metal and fought against the enemy.  Calin though half suspected still that he too would have probably done a runner if he had thought he could have gotten away with it, once the realization of fighting a foe that outnumbered him had registered inside his soft islander brain.

Calin did not have time to look to were Haurick and Mulk fought, for the Quib that stood bashing the dead Bill now sensed him and ran to meet him, waving its club above it's head, screaming as it came!

Calin charged as well, and as the Quib and he met, he jumped up into the air and drove a flying kick into it's chest.  Though the blow connected heavily the Quib still managed to grab his outstretched leg and take most of the force out of the blow, although to do so it had had to drop it's club.  They both fell to the ground and before Calin could act, the Quib bit him hard in the knee causing him to grunt in pain as the sickly yellow teeth sank deep to meet bone.  He jabbed out with his sword and took the creature through the top of the shoulder. The blade made a squidgy noise as it borrowed down into it's innards, ending the creatures life instantly.

He got slowly to his feet, his newly injured knee causing him to stumble slightly, though this time he did not feel the pain.  Adrenalin within his body had been released, giving him new strength, and an increased pain barrier.

He looked to where Mulk and Haurick where.  Both still lived and the four Quibs that had attacked them lay dead upon the ground.  However they now battled with a new terror, one which made Calin's eyes open wide in amazement.  Haurick and Mulk battled a huge creature that stood well over eight feet in height, which Calin knew from the descriptions from Haurick to be the Delvock.  The creatures body was humanoid, although far more bulky, and covered in long shaggy brown and black hair.  Its face looked like a huge lizard with large powerful jaws filled with huge grey teeth in the shape of small curved dagger blades.  It's feet and hands were also reptilian, the feet with three toes and the claws which were its hands likewise.  The large three fingered claws that mowed through the air dealing out blows that could knock through stone walls, were it's main weapons.  At times though it would give a kick, or a snap of it's powerful jaws at one of the two opponents it faced, each of which could still result in their deaths.

Mulk fought the monster toe to toe, while Haurick fought slightly to the creatures left.  Each dodged the huge blows as best they could while trying to deliver their own on the thing.  Any of their blows which did connect seemed to cause it little harm, or even bounce off its body causing no harm whatsoever.

Calin then saw for the first time the rainbow-mage come out of the tent.  He was younger than Calin had imagined, with Calin guessing him to be around forty.  His sharp features and extremely pale skin showed he was not from the kingdom.

Calin was in two minds as to who to attack.  "This rainbow-mage does not look that deadly at all!" he thought to himself, confused at why he would think the man a threat!  "In fact he looks like a complete wimp compared to that monstrous Delvock!"  He then heard screams he recognized and turning saw the two Quibs that had been chasing Stan now running towards him.  One lagged behind the other from a large wound that it carried on its right thigh. With this, his mind was now made up, he would dispatch these two, and then help kill the Delvock.  Afterwards he could then deal with the other small matter and dispatch of the man in the brightly colored robes.


Malag-Tog smiled to himself.  The power of his summoning proved that even if another wizard who would normally be more powerful than him was trying to block his magic, could now only reduce it, and not cancel it out totally. He watched as the man who did not fight the Delvock ran off to meet the remaining two Quibs, while the other two men attacked the huge hairy beast.  He stood about thirty feet from the battle which was proving to be something of a stand off as both men kept their distances from the Delvock's massive racking blows. This gave him an opportunity and he walked slowly up to the man in the heavy plate armor from behind, while simultaneously preparing a spell.

Malag-Tog again drew out his dagger and while saying words only other magicians knew, made a small cut in the palm of his left hand.  He now stood directly behind the armored man who had seen him but paid him no attention.  Waiting for a precise moment he stepped forward and placed his palm with the small cut onto the man's back, leaving some blood on the man's back that had flowed from the cut. Then he spoke the final word of the spell and instantly the back-plate of the mans armor ripped wide open, the man's flesh doing likewise, with the wound going deep, splitting several of the mans ribs as it tore open. As the man's back was opened up from the spell, the small wound on Malag-Tog's hand healed instantly.

The man fell forward howling in pain while spitting and coughing up blood.  The other man, the large one with the red beard spotted him and what he'd just done.  This man then stepped back from the attack of the Delvock and swung his heavy battle axe towards him, missing him only by a couple of inches.

Malag-Tog jumped back in surprise and shock.  This man should not have attacked him, his spell should have seen to that!

The way the man swung the huge axe proved he was a mighty warrior as he dodged the Delvock as best he could and approached Malag-Tog.  Malag-Tog needed to do something before the man got too close and buried that huge bronze blade in his head. Quickly he waved his hands in the right manner while mouthing a spell requiring little time to prepare.  As the man approached within striking distance the plants and grass on the ground twisted themselves around his feet.  Roots sprang from the ground doing likewise and the big man was stopped dead on the spot just, managing to remain upright.

The Delvock closed on him and as the man fought to free his legs and feet from the entwined plants around them, it swung a huge claw towards his head.  At the last moment he twisted to meet the creatures blow, bringing up the shaft of the great axe to block the mighty claw.  He managed just in time but unfortunately for him the blow from the Delvock went straight through the shaft of the axe, taking little force out of the blow which crashed down, slamming him on the shoulder.  Fortunately he moved his head to the side otherwise it would have been crushed and his brains splattered all across the ground.

His shoulder bone though was broke, and untold damage to his insides was caused by the weight from the blow.  At least he still lived and as the Delvock stooped down to finish him off with a snap of it's vicious looking jaws, he brought up the half of the battle axe with the blade on it, which he still held in his right hand and smashed it into the top of the creatures head.

A Delvock has few weak points on its body.  The blows that had been delivered to it by Mulk's axe and Haurick's scimitar had caused only minor wounds which had hardly troubled the creature.  This new blow Mulk had delivered onto the top of its head caused the creature to rear up in agony.  The top of the Delvocks skull is the thinnest part of bone in the entire creature’s body.  Although this bone is still three times the thickness of what a man's skull would be, the blow delivered by Mulk was such that it split the skull open, and the blade of the axe penetrated into the Delvocks small evil brain.

The mighty Delvock died clawing at its head, the death throws of the beast taking several minutes to subside. But the blow it had scored on Mulk had been far too much for him and although he did not die, he did pass out, and if the wound he had sustained was left untreated, then he would follow the Delvock and most of the others in this hour of pain and death.


The spear went into the first Quibs body, quarter of which came out of its back.  It would die in a combination of ways, from drowning in it's green blood which erupted out of it's mouth and nose, the amount of blood it lost from being skewered, and of course the pain and disembowelment caused by Calin's spear.

The last Quib with its injured leg proved little threat to Calin and he killed it quickly with his sword, as it feebly hobbled towards him blindly sniffing out his scent.  Checking his surroundings once more he noticed that some distance away the coward Stan lay dead.  The two Quibs he had just slain must have caught Stan up and reduced him to the pile of mush that now covered a large area of ground.

He turned to the spot were Mulk and Haurick had been battling the Delvock and saw all three now lay on the ground, either dead or injured. From this distance he could not be sure which.

The rainbow-mage stood above the immobile body of Mulk, holding a golden hilted dagger in his hand.  Calin knew what was coming next and acted instantly. Now with no other opponents around, the spell which made Calin believe the Mage to be of little worry had no affect.  He drew from his belt one of his throwing knives and hurled it hard towards the rainbow-mage.

As Malag-Tog prepared to bring down his dagger into the unconscious warriors throat, a sharp pain struck him in the arm. The knife hurled by Calin had only grazed Malag-Tog's flesh, but the cut was sufficient enough to attract his attention away from killing the fallen Mulk.

Malog-Tog glared at Calin who stood a safe distance away from him.  Then raised two fingers two his lips and gave a shrill whistle.  The whistle was followed by a cawing noise,  and out of the sky the large black raven swooped down to land on the mages outstretched arm. Malog-Tog then took from a pocket in his rainbow colored robe a small glass tube with a cork stopper at the top.  Inside the tube was a light grey powder.  He then raised the tube to his mouth, pulled out the cork in his teeth, which he then venomously spat in the direction of Calin.

As this went on Calin was making his way warily up to Malog-Tog. The strange things that Malog-Tog was doing made Calin cautious and suspect the mage was up to something.

Malog-Tog then began to mumble into the ear of the large black bird a spell, once part of the spell was complete he held the head of the bird in his left hand and proceeded to pour all the powder in the tube down the ravens throat.  Then with a swift movement of his arm, the bird took to the air.  With a swift turn, the flight of the bird changed as it headed straight for Calin.

Calin noticed something was very wrong with the way the bird was flying.  The flight seemed to slow and the bird seemed to dip and struggle to keep itself airborne, as though it was much heavier than it had been a moment before.  The first thought of Calin as the bird closed on him was to strike the creature with his sword.  This would not be too difficult but something about this seemed wrong to him and instead of slashing the raven out of the air, he stood his ground, raising his shield to cover up as much of his body as he could.

As the bird got to within three feet of Calin, Malog-Tog shouted out the last word of the spell, and the bird exploded in mid flight, sending blood, guts and feathers everywhere.  The explosion was such that Calin was knocked back several feet, just managing to keep his footing.  He was not hurt, however, as his shield had taken much of the force of the blast.

Malag-Tog jumped up and down in rage and frustration, cursing at Calin in a language that Calin did not recognize.  Calin did likewise, insulting Malag-Tog in the language of the Labpreane Kingdom, which Malag-Tog spoke perfectly, understanding every foul word!  The crude and obscene insults hurled at him by Calin made his anger grow and he screamed in rage as he realized his own insults had fallen on deaf ears from forgetting to change his speech from his native tongue to the one of the Kingdom.  If he hadn’t been such a hot head, he might have realized this!

Malag-Tog then turned around and ran as fast as he could into the large red and yellow tent. Calin's first thought was to pursue him but first he would need to check on whether or not any of the other men had survived.  He could see slight movement from Croll, but none from Mulk and Haurick.  Croll lay on the ground and from the bandages upon him, Calin guessed he must be badly injured but alive.

Next he went over to Mulk and Croll; he kept his sword ready just in case the huge Delvock that lay next to them was not quite dead.  On checking the bodies he found that the wound in Haurick's back had been too great and he was well dead.

Mulk was breathing slightly, though Calin suspected he would not survive.  His shoulder was pulped and perhaps his neck was broken.  He had also lost a lot of blood from the deep cuts from the Delvocks claws. As for the Delvock, Calin guessed it to be dead though he did not fancy the idea of examining it too closely, just in case he did revive it and those fierce jaws would once more snap with bone crunching force.  Calin quickly bandaged Mulk as best he could, and also took from him his necklace, placing it upon his own neck.

"That swine of a scrag won't mess with my brains", he thought, then went determinedly into the tent, sword drawn ready.

From the outside of the tent, Calin estimated it to be around thirty by twenty feet in length.  On stepping within he found he stood in a large room around twenty by twenty feet in length.  At first he could not work this out, and then he saw a partition that would make up another room inside the tent.

Taking in his surroundings he found the part of the tent where he stood to be quite bare.  In the middle of the room, a small fire burned, the smoke going upwards and out through a vent in the ceiling.  Near the fire, on a fine carved wooden table, was a large stone box, several feet in length.  Every part of the box that Calin could see was carved with strange ruins and pictures.  The ruins were in some foreign language that Calin had never seen before.  The pictures that covered the box had been painted in many different colors were of demons and devils, all grotesque, and some of the monstrosities Calin recognized from various evil cults he'd seen or been told about.

There was nothing else of interest here, so Calin stepped carefully through the partition, watching in case something waited for his coming.  The first thing he saw on entering the other room was a wooden bed covered in silk sheets of many different colors.  These colors were the same as the rainbow-mages robe.  In the corner was a large brown wooden chest but before he could look anywhere else, his attention was distracted as he heard a soft scraping sound, the sound of stone on stone rubbing together.  The sound was coming from the room he had just left! He would have turned and investigated to see what had made the sound but to his left he spotted the rainbow-mage.  His face was bright red and he was eating what looked to Calin to be a mouthful of large red beans.


Malag-Tog waited in the tent.  Panic was starting to hit him as he had nearly used up all the magic that was inside his heart.  He had enough left for one minor spell, then he guessed he would have to rest a day or two to rejuvenate his powers. Then and only then would magic once more fill up his heart. One of the warriors still lived and soon he would come into the tent to try and slay him.  Fear gripped him as not one of his servants had survived the attack and now it was up to him to kill this last man. He was beginning to regret his reason for coming to this island.  He had summoned his familiar from here, and this had improved his powers greatly, but now the price of keeping his pet alive could mean his very own death!

He had thought of opening the stone box and commanding his pet to attack the warrior, but his powers were now weak, spent now from all the spell casting, and as with all familiars, it would be able to sense that his control over it was not strong enough to hold it in bondage and fly off leaving him back were he started.  Plus he would die if the warrior slayed it, the tie he'd made to summon and then control such a powerful familiar was one that required his very essence to be used as a trade. Such was the price for the power he gained! And to add to all these stresses, he also had to make sure it did not over feed on hearts, and grow enough in power to overwhelm him.

He took from his pocket a handful of red chilies, then he mouthed the spell and stuffed all the chilies into his mouth.  His mouth began to feel on fire as the burning hot chilies began to take effect.  This triggered the spell and the burning sensation spread throughout his body as his blood reached boiling point.  At this point the warrior who had thrown the knife at him stepped through the partition door and looked towards him.  This was it!  Death or glory!


Calin stood amazed at the sight of the rainbow-mage who stood around eight feet away from him; his flesh was bright red in color and covered in a thick sweat that dripped from his body. Calin noticed a thick cloud of steam rising from out of the top of the rainbow-mages head as the two looked each other in the eye, the rainbow-mages being blood-shot and watering heavily.

Then a scream from outside broke the tension in the room.  Momentarily Calin turned his head on hearing the scream which he recognized to have come from Croll.  Noticing this distraction, Malog-Tog lunged towards Calin, his hands outstretched seeking to grab hold of Calin's face.  Calin reacted fast, although the fingers from one hand of Malag-Tog connected and Calin felt the flesh on his face burn and blister from Malag-Tog's touch.

As Malag-Tog prepared to strike once more at Calin's face, Calin quickly brought up his knee, connecting with the red hot testicales of Malog-Tog.

Malag-Tog sank to his knee's holding his crotch which burned a different fire than the one that currently boiled his blood.  Calin then swung his longsword from left to right in a great sweeping ark, severing Malog-Tog's burning head from his neck. Blood fountained up and Calin was splashed with boiling hot droplets, making him wince in pain.  His face had been burned badly and small red dots, were the blood of the mage had caught him, would soon turn into tiny blisters.  At least it was finally over.

Malag-Tog was well and truly dead… but then he remembered that scream!  He quickly walked out of the tent. However, as he walked into the other room, he noticed something different, though he did not stop to check it out as the scream indicated that his surviving comrades may be in trouble.  He'd noted that the lid on the stone box had been moved aside; also something else about the room that he could not at the moment put his finger on, was also different in some way.  Then he was outside once more, and the sight that greeted him was not a pleasant one.

Looking over to where Croll lay on the ground, he saw a stream of red blood running from out of Croll's throat.  The grass about the body was covered in Croll's blood from the large gaping gash in the dead warrior’s throat that had ended his life.

He realized that some enemy still lived, and guessed at a Quib, as the one place the assassin could be was down in one of the holes in the ground, hiding in this unseen place where the Quibs had made their den.  A thought struck him though; all the Quibs he had seen here carried only clubs.  Whatever had slashed Croll's throat must have been something sharp.  He guessed at some kind of blade.

Next he turned to investigate Mulk to see if he was still alive, or had been murdered in a likewise manner.  What he saw made him gasp in astonishment! Mulk was slowly beginning to rise to his feet.  His movements seemed odd to Calin, sort of puppet like.  The fact that this man had held onto life by the thinnest of threads and now rose up, looking as though he would not only live, but make a perfect recovery, shocked him at first, but then brought joy to his heart, as he realized he was not the only survivor. His good friend would be able now to share as well in the victory over the evil mage, and the two could toast their fellow dead comrades who had died in battle.

Then Mulk picked up Haurick's large scimitar that lay a few feet from him and turned towards Calin, taking slow ponderous footsteps to do so. It was at this point that Calin saw Mulk's face.  His black eye-patch had been removed and both his one good eye and one blind eye had been gouged from their sockets.  His cheeks had lost all color and now appeared a sickly clammy grey, and drool flowed out over his pale dry lips.

A shiver ran down the back of Calin.  It was quite obvious to him that Mulk was dead, and the walking corpse that approached him was a zombie intent on slicing him into a thousand little pieces.

The zombie Mulk's movements started to smoothen out and quicken as it swayed from side to side and half walked, half ran, to meet Calin. Calin tried to cover as much of his body with his well battered shield as he readied himself for the oncoming combat with the corpse of his dead friend, plus the hardiest and most skilful of the warriors that had been in the group.

A great clatter was heard in the air as the huge scimitar slashed across Calin's shield.  Calin swept his own blade at the legs of the zombie which made no attempt to block or dodge his blow.  A large cut was made in the right leg of Mulk's walking cadaver.  No pain or expression registered across the zombies face and it continued to swing the heavy scimitar back and fourth at Calin. Calin managed to land another blow but still it did not seem to bother the zombie.  For several minutes the combat continued in this way.  The zombie was being cut to ribbons but Calin had not stopped it, and now  fatigue began to edge its wicked way into his limbs.  The zombie was tireless as Calin grew more weakened.  Fortunately for Calin the style and finesse that Mulk had possessed while he had been alive was not in his zombie, although that did not help his situation much as the blows kept constantly raining down on him.

A thought struck Calin as he fought, he knew about zombies from his earlier days of fighting in the war with and against the priests of Hock.  He knew the only reason zombies could be created was if someone had used magic to do it.  He had witnessed the concentration a priest would put into controlling a zombie and how they would always have to watch their creation at all times, for if the concentration was broken, then so would be the spell that animated the dead.

He began looking around as he fought, his eyes searching at every opportunity he could grab.  It was then that he spotted something in the doorway of the tent. He did not get a very good look at what looked back at him, but what he did see was enough for him to duck beneath a great swinging blow from the zombie and quickly draw out of his boot one of his throwing knives.  As he rose back up, he performed a back-flip so he was out of the way of the zombie’s flashing blade for the merest of seconds. Then he hurled the knife, not caring to take too much aim at the doorway.  As he did the zombie closed on him and this time he was left wide open to its attack as the blade slashed him across the left side. Fortunately the slash was more of a graze and his chainmail averted the blow from cutting his stomach wide open.

Then the zombie dropped to the ground, it looked dead once more and Calin knew that the thing that had created the abomination must have been whatever he had glimpsed inside the doorway of the tent.

As he quickly made a makeshift bandage to stem the bleeding in his left side, the image of what he'd seen formed within his mind.  Although he had only glimpsed it for a split second, he remembered those eyes clearly.  Whatever they belonged to was not human.  They hovered about a foot from the ground and were large and lemon green in color.  They had a serpent quality about them and seemed to glow with a vicious hatred as they glared straight at him. Whatever it was he saw, he knew he would have to kill it and once again he headed carefully inside the tent, ready once more to draw blood.

He studied his surroundings inside the tent; he could not see anything different from when he had left only minutes before.  It still felt strange inside and he could not think why he found it unusual.  As he took a step forward, something squished beneath his boot.  Looking down he gazed into a white eyeball with a blue iris, it lay disembodied upon the ground.  Lifting his foot, he discovered what he had stood on was also another eyeball, although from what he could make out from the squidgy mess the iris within this one was grey, suggesting that the previous owner of it had been blind in one eye.  A nauseating feeling swept through him as he realized these of course had been Mulk's eyes.

As he squinted down at them he also realized what it was that was wrong within this room.  For some reason it was darker and colder than it should be.  It was a hard thing to notice at first, but he had found his answer to the puzzle, that at first had eluded him!

Something above him laughed at the shock on his face as he drew back his head in disgust from seeing the eyes of Mulk.  Looking up he spied a creature like no other he had seen in his travels on Oldabrock.  The top half of the creature was that of a small child, age wise it looked like it had just left the teat of its mother.  It was covered in a dark blue skin with thick yellow veins all over it. It had long black fingernails and bat like wings that sprouted out of its back.  Its legs were like those of a goats, with brown curly hair covering them, a black scaled tail swished about behind these, always keeping a slow steady rhythm.

The head was again baby like, with a mop of long black hair and a mouth filled with small black fangs, and a serpent tongue that darted out as Calin watched it.

It was the eyes however that Calin recognized; they had been the ones he had seen in the doorway, the ones that belonged to the one responsible for the zombie that had just attacked him.  No doubt this creature was also the thing that had slain Mulk and Croll as they both lay helpless on the ground.  On realizing this, anger boiled up in Calin for the loss of his fellow fighters and comrades having to die in such a dirty and defenseless way.

He quickly bent down to grab the last remaining knife from his boot. Then in one swift movement, sent it hurtling towards the body of the creature.  The thing was fast and it dodged the blade easily, as it did it though, darting to one side, it let out a scream. This scream made Calin wince, it sounded like a cross between a child and a young animal being tortured.  Never had Calin heard anything so horrible.  Then it clawed at the roof of the tent with its long nails, tearing a hole in the canvas.  Once the hole was big enough it slipped through and Calin ran outside and saw it flying off towards the forest.  It was gaining height and by the time Calin could have retrieved his spear, it would be to far away.  Still the creature was gone and he watched it as it became nothing more than a dark spec in the light blue sky.


Finally Calin reached the village, after checking down the Quibs holes and making sure there was nothing else in or around the tent, he headed back to claim his reward.  He had found a bit of treasure in the chest of the rainbow-mage, though the chest had been booby-trapped.  However, he had guessed this might be the case and when he did open the lid he used his spear which he had collected from the dead Quib that he’d slain earlier.

It was only a simple gas trap, but that said, if he had opened it normally the gas would have been such that he'd have been knocked unconscious for several hours. Inside the chest he had found old scrolls and a small bit of money. The money was mainly in copper and silver.  This he left and instead took the twenty five gold pieces.

After all his current injuries he felt weaker than normal and had lost a pint or two of blood.  Hugging around large metal coins for several long miles in this kind of condition was not wise.  Besides once he got back he would have his reward money making him a rich man.  "Who needs loose change!", he thought to himself, grinning hungrily at the prospect as he thought of the many wonderful pleasures his new found wealth would bring.  He also took the scrolls, guessing these to be magic as he did not understand or comprehend at all the writing on them, and if he could find a market he could sell them at a reasonable price.

He headed straight to Cedric's were Dermatease said he would meet them if any survived the quest.  On entering the pub, he found Dermatease was the only customer within the building, with the only other person in the place being Cedric, who toiled away constantly behind the bar, cleaning this or scrubbing that.

"No doubt he has chased everyone else out again!", thought Calin looking at the wizard.

Dermatease looked up as he walked in.  His body language as he slouched in a chair and the expression on his face suggested he was miserable.  As he saw Calin his expression changed to one of surprise.

"Calin your back, but, but, what about the rainbow-mage, did you run off?"  Then added in an angry voice: "You, you coward, you've left the rest of them haven’t you!"  Calin was shocked at the tone from Dermatease, he had expected being welcomed back and later congratulated as he recounted the events of the slaying of the rainbow-mage.  Anger too now filled his voice as he said:  "The bloody wizard is dead, wizard!  I slayed him myself and if you call me a coward after what I've just been through, there'll be another dead wizard upon these shores!"

Dermatease looked confused.  He thought Calin may be lying but from the rage in his voice, plus when the staff by his side with the stone of truth did not flash, this suggested otherwise.  He was also an excellent judge of character and knew Calin was a man of his word. A brave man who had been hurt by his accusation.

"Perhaps Calin you should take a seat and tell me everything that happened.  Please.", he said pulling out a chair for Calin to sit on.

With a huff of anger, Calin did this and Dermatease shouted over to Cedric to fetch over two large flagons of his finest ale, and keep it coming whenever one of their cups ran dry.  Calin began to recount what had happened giving as much detail as possible.  On hearing of the deaths of the rest of the warriors Dermatease looked genuinely sad, especially when he told him of the two blood brothers.  He left out however the part were Stan had turned chicken and tried to run away like a girly scrag.  It was obvious that Dermatease knew these two men well, both being members of the village guard, and besides, telling him of Stan's cowardness was not going to change things.

After three pints of ale Calin reached the part of the story were he had seen the creature hanging from the ceiling of the tent.  At this Dermatease looked shocked and the color drained away from his face.  Under his breath Calin heard Dermatease mutter the words "Of course!", as he finished off his recounting of the story.

For several seconds Dermatease sat in silence. Calin knew that the news of the strange creature that had flown off, had upset him somewhat.  Calin though was not bothered, all he was interested in now was the money and wished Dermatease would mention something of it.  He was about to ask Dermatease about his reward when Dermatease said: "This is bad!  This is not yet over!  In fact I think we've made it worse!

"You see Calin I know of these creatures, they're what you yourself call demons, made from the purest magic.  The magic stored within people's hearts.  Nasty, evil pieces of work they are.  The killings that we have witnessed in the village so far will be nothing if I'm right and the creature decides to stay upon the island."

He stopped talking and again sat for a time in thought.  Then he nodded to himself and said to Calin:  "We will have to hunt it.  Once we find it, then, then we'll kill the damned thing."

"Whoa", said Calin.  "Steady on there fellow. All I came for was to collect my reward money.  I've done my part. I killed the rainbow-mage and his minions as you instructed.  My works done here. I'm off back to Galiamank."

"The creature, what if it returns? Who will kill it?  I beg thee Calin, help if needs be.  Innocent lives... Women and children have died and if it returns, more will follow!"

"The money Dermatease.  We had our deal, I expect you to stick to it.  Listen why not ask the Kingdom to send some soldiers over to get it?"

"The Kingdom", cried Dermatease.  "It's not interested in this little island.  They're more worried about the mainland and keeping their rat infested cities clean and safe.  They're not worried about a few fishermen and foresters, or a place they will probably never visit."

"Listen Calin, this creature it's got to be stopped before it's too late.  What of the men you knew who died fighting to stop this evil?"

"They had their price!", interrupted Calin. Then an image of his dead comrades flashed into his minds eye.  He gave a sigh before continuing: "That said, they were good men and the people in this village, although a little slow and behind with the times, are good people."

"So you'll help?", asked Dermatease hopefully.  "The moneys yours, believe me you've earned it.  Besides with a bit of luck the demon might scrag off into the Kingdom, or trouble someone who deserves the fowl thing."

"Alright, get me my money now, and I'll stay a bit.  Hang around for one more week.  If that beast of a bastard thing comes back, I'll get it, you mark my words.  I suppose those men deserve some kind of revenge."

In the end though it was mainly the thought of how the creature had slain Mulk while he'd lain helpless and unconscious that had made him decide to stay and help out if the need arose.  Although he had not known Mulk long, he had been a good friend and had welcomed him on their first meeting with a joke, a good drink, and a story or two.  He had admired Mulk.  He was the kind of warrior that he himself wanted to end up like, adventuring in foreign lands, never settling too long to claim a home or wife.  The life of adventure was the one dream that really meant something to him, something he could never explain to another. That said, if nothing did happen then he would spend a considerable time wasting his large new fortune gambling and drinking, before thinking once more to trek some unknown path fraught with danger.


The next morning in the village, two people died! In one house a young girl, and in another, one of the village fisherman. They were found dead in bed, their hearts missing, torn from out of their bodies.


PART TWO: The Screaming Blue Murderer


After he heard about the two dead villages, Calin decided to go across to the mainland to repair his damaged armor and replace lost or damaged equipment.  Dermatease had told him it would take a week and a half to make an instrument of magic that would be capable of locating and tracking the demon. Calin stayed near, in the seaside town of Beft-Glug were he found an armorer and also a priest, who for sixty seven gold pieces, healed the wound in his side that the zombie Mulk had caused.  The wound would have eventually healed in time but if he was going to have to fight this horrid demon thing, he wanted no handicap that might slow him down.  He also purchased a horse, this he did from advice given to him by Dermatease.  Apparently with the creature able to fly there would be only one way to catch it, and that in the words of Dermatease would be: "To wear the little savage out, till it had no option but to stop and fight!"  Calin also bought a bow, though he knew that his chances of hitting the thing while it was in flight were very slim.  Plus as said before, the bow was not a favored weapon of his.

Calin spent the rest of the time as best he could, eating, drinking, sleeping and enjoying his earnings in a number of varied and colorful ways.  The women in Beft-Glug, Calin found during this time, had many special and varied qualities. He made a mental note to himself that once this whole unpleasant affair was over, he would return someday to this small (though very hospitable) town.

Once the days had passed, Calin returned to the island.  He was as fit and strong as he was ever going to be and the thought of killing that little murdering swine in the next few days gave him a sense of excitement.  Calin re-entered the village where he met up again with Dermatease.  As they greeted one another, Calin noticed from the expression on Dermatease's face that things had not improved.  Once they had reached the wizards small humble house in the western part of the village, Dermatease went on to explain what had happened in the days Calin had been away.

Calin had surmised right, apparently the killings were getting worse and on five of the nights the creature had taken two hearts in stead of the one it usually would take.  There was something else as well though, although Dermatease was not quite sure about this.  To him at least, it seemed that although the villages were still terrified by the regular night deaths, they also seemed as if they were now beginning to except their fates!

Dermatease had half expected that by the time Calin returned, the village would be a ghost town, with the people going to the mainland out of the terrors way.  Instead not one person had left the island and those who had returned to see if things had reverted back to normal, had stayed also!

"Most peculiar, most peculiar indeed", Dermatease had said shaking his head.  He then went on to say that he was beginning to suspect the creature had some kind of hold over the people.  A hold, that at nights when he thought about it, would bring a shiver of fear down his spine.  "You must go and kill it now Calin", said Dermatease in a worried tone.  "I think... I think that the demon is getting stronger.  More and more powerful all the time.  It... It grows Calin.  I really do think it's growing!"  Dermatease in truth knew this fact to be true.  During the last week and a half he had looked through his many books on magic and creatures of a magic nature.  He had found brief snippets on the type of demon that Calin had described to him, though there were many different types and he had to guess at which one the rainbow-mage had summoned.  He had narrowed it down to five different species, three of these, if removed from their masters control, would feast themselves on hearts.  Over a period of time of doing this their form would change and the creatures would grow and become more and more powerful.  The Rainbow-Mage, he had guessed, had kept the creature from doing this to stop it gaining too much power.

He had read in one article, which told the story of a wizard who as an experiment had let his demon eat as many hearts as it wanted. This demon had then grown, and with it's growth, it's power had multiplied.  In the end, the wizard had become the slave, then eventually food for the beast.  He kept this information to himself though.  He suspected that if Calin knew, he would not be so eager to go out and face the demon.  Even in the form Calin had seen it in (no doubt it's weakest form) it was still powerful! So who knows what it might be like now!

Dermatease had one good bit of news for Calin; he had finished the instrument Calin was going to use to find the demon.  To Calin it looked nothing more than a small round box, made of wood, that would fit in the palm of his hand.  Then he noticed the box had a lid, and on flipping it open, the insides of the box resembled a compass with it's needle.  The only difference was that it had no markings to show which direction the needle pointed, plus the needle was spinning constantly and showed no signs of stopping.

Dermatease explained to him that the needle would always point towards the nearest source of great magic.  Seeing how the creature was made from purest magic, the needle would most likely point towards it.  All Calin had to do; Dermatease explained, was to follow the needles direction.  The box, which Dermatease called "The Box of Seeking" was also connected to his magic and would require him to sit and concentrate in his house, while Calin went out and used it on his hunt.  Dermatease gave Calin an example, closing his eyes concentrating hard.  As he did this Calin noticed the needle stop spinning and point in a direction which Calin knew was towards the great forest with its trees of black bark.  Dermatease grinned at the device he had made and told Calin that if he was to follow the needle, it would eventually lead him to the small winged blue assassin.

"It's decided then!", said Calin.  "Tomorrow at first light I go out into the woods and hunt demon.


That night for the first time, three of the villagers hearts were taken!


Calin's horse trotted through the woods at a slow leisurely pace.  The morning ride into the woods had been untroubled and Calin had directed his mount straight towards the position the needle pointed. During this time the needle had remained relatively still and only on the one occasion did it move a quarter of an inch to the right.  The sun's rays were beginning to warm the air of the cold forest, and the early morning mist that had hung around the bottom of the gigantic black trees was beginning to lift and evaporate, making a light dew form on the small tufts of grass that grew wherever they could grab some sunlight, out of reach from the great wood titans.

Calin had no idea if he was getting close to his prey and at times his attention wandered when he should have been remaining constantly alert.  It was the horse's giddy attitude that alerted him, it came over it all of a sudden, suggesting to Calin that the demon was close.  With each new step the horse took, the sunlight around him became darker and the temperature dropped, and he began to see faint traces of his breath in the air.  A sharp noise to his right made him turn in the saddle and out of the corner of his eye he caught a flash of dark blue, but before he could get a good look, it sped off behind him.  Calin turned his horse and was instantly off after it, for even though he'd only caught a glimpse, he knew exactly what it was.

The demons flight was not as fast paced as the horse's run, but it's maneuverability through the trees made up for this. Calin found for the first burst of the chase, the demon made a distance on him.  Then the trees thinned and the distance was cut in half as the horse stretched it's legs and Calin spurred it fourth to gain maximum speed.

The demon seemed to sense that it was losing in the race and suddenly pulled it's wings back so it shot upwards into the roof of one of the great trees.  Hidden within the branches, the demon knew itself to be free from all forms of attack that could be presented by Calin.  However, unknown to it, its assumption was very, very wrong.  Calin and Dermatease had anticipated this move that the creature would make, and from out of his belt-pouch, Calin produced a handful of shiny red rubies.  During Dermatease's research on demons, he had out found that the magical beings had an irresistible urge for jewels.  An urge that would make them go to great lengths to get them when they were near.

The rubies that Calin held up were actually fake, but this did not matter as the red glass twinkled and shone exactly like the real thing.  Out of a rooftop of branches the demon swooped closer to get a look at the hypnotizing treasure that Calin held. An uncontrollable urge took hold of it and black saliva dripped from it's mouth in anticipation, as it thought of stealing the blood red stones.

Calin let his hand gently slide down to the hilt of his sword; this was the first time he had got a good look at the demon since last encountering it in the rainbow-mages tent.  He was shocked at the appearance and size of the thing.  Although the physical attributes of it had more or less stayed the same, it had doubled it's size and it no longer resembled a new born baby.  It now looked like a child of four or five, and looking into the eyes an intelligence of great power and evil could be seen to be growing.

As fast as a diving hawk the demon swooped. Calin had to move fast and in one quick sweeping motion drew his sword as the demon tried to grab the rubies in his outstretched hand. Calin's blade nicked one of the brown goat legs, at this the demon swept to the right at a surprising angle, saving itself from being skewered.

The demon sensing the danger it was in and now, no longer looked at the red ruby's with fascination, the spell they cast upon it was broke and it flew off again as fast as it could.  Once again Calin turned his horse and the high speed pursuit through the huge black trees was back on.


As the demon had grown, so had its mind.  Small words had begun to form in its head and just lately it had begun to learn the ability to construct the simplest of sentences.  It had begun to see and despise most forms of life, but some of the life within the forest that had become it's home, it had taken a liking too.  In theory it had something of the mind of a child of around a similar age to it, though with far greater an intelligence, and during its short time in the woods it had used it's magic to control some of the members of the wildlife that inhabited the forest.

These creatures where the hunters of the great wood, it despised the rest killing them whenever they got to close, or a simple fancy came over it to murder something small and furry. Now that its life was in danger from the man whose mind it could not control, it had remembered these friends, and on doing this a plan had formed inside its evil (and not so little now) mind!  It headed in a specific direction, with the man intent on slaying it following close behind.  Straight into it's trap!


As Calin followed the demon on horseback the trees in this new part of the forest once more gathered closer together, surprisingly the demon did not use this advantage to gain further distance from him as he struggled with his horse against the dense vegetation.  He suspected that the demon was beginning to tire and soon he would get his moment to kill the thing once and for all.  "As long as the ruby trick works again!", he thought, though half suspecting that the demon this time would be less susceptible to the effect of the stones. Even if they did cast the same kind of weird hypnosis over it again, the demon still had only come close to death from the trick and using this same trick again might not work quite as well as it had the first time.  And even that time it had still evaded his blade.  Though he thought with a bit of luck the fatigue of its flight might give him the advantage he needed. So with a grimace of determination on his face, he spurred his horse onwards.


The demon flew up, half way up one of the great tree trunks.  Calin stopped his horse and suspected that the demon was about to disappear once more into the thick clotted leaves of the tree.  Instead it clung onto the trunk of the tree with its small clawed hands and waited for Calin to approach closer. As Calin did, he once more reached down towards his belt-pouch, intent on pulling the rubies from it. Then as he noticed that the demon breathed heavily on the trunk, seeming as if it had no intention of moving just yet, he decided on taking the bow he had bought in Beft-Glug out, and take a pot shot at the blue winged boy that clung to the black bark.  He'd probably miss, but if he did then at least no harm would come of it.  As he reached down for the bow, a strange squealing voice emitted from the demon, the voice made him stop and look up; the demon seemed to be calling out words and names.  "Wuk Wuk, Doo Doo, Wuk Wuk, Doo Doo, help help!", the demon cried aloud.

Calin heard a rustling of leaves behind him and instantly he jumped from his horse, sword drawn.  Standing around five yards from him were two red horbes with teeth bared, snarling and looking straight at him.  They growled as they slowly approached closer and closer to him.  The next few seconds for Calin passed in typical slow motion as his body became rushed with adrenalin and his mind focused on survival.  The two small wolf like animals attacked as one, and Calin for a time was hard pressed to defend himself from the snapping jaws. Calin still had his shield tied to his horse and had to rely on his sword as a total means of defense.  Fortunately he knew his horse had been well trained and should, with a bit of luck, stay were it was and not bolt away into the wood.

The two horbes circled him snarling and Calin had a job keeping his eyes on the two as they darted in to bite him, only to have to draw back sharply as the blade of his sword poked at their red furred heads.

The two continued their attack, trying to rip a part of Calin open with their sharp teeth but not getting too close to risk themselves being ripped open themselves by the whizzing, jabbing, slicing blade of the sword.  Then one of the horbes got too eager and made a lunge at Calin's leg.  It let out a howl of pain as Calin managed to sever off its ear with a quick strike from his blade.  The other horbe darted in behind him, this he booted with his hard metal toe capped boots, catching it between its two front legs.

As pain from the injuries that Calin had inflicted upon each of the two animals registered, a spell on them was broken, and each reverted back to its normal nature, a nature which had a great fear of men.  The two horbes turned tail and took off into the woods, disappearing almost immediately from Calin's sight.  Instantly he looked around for the demon, taking in lungfulls of air from the past combat.  As he did the cry of his horse made him turn to see the demon flying off once more. While in mid flight it turned its head towards him and Calin saw it give him a cheeky wink and an evil looking grin, before it vanished like the horbes amongst the trees thick dark green rooftops.  On the ground, his horse lay dead, the throat of the beast had been slashed, and Calin knew that the demon had killed it.  He swore a curse on the demon then began to retrieve what items he could carry from the dead horse.  He knew that for now the demon had outsmarted him, as without the horse there would be no way of catching it on foot.

Still he could always buy a new animal tomorrow, though it would no doubt be an inferior beast, but at least the chase would again resume once more, and he'd get another chance at killing it.  "That blue swine’s not getting away that easily!", he thought as anger filled his mind.  Then he began to make his way as best he could back towards the village.  This was difficult as his surroundings where always alike and alien to him, but his training as a hunter soon had him back on track and it would take him only a quarter of the day before the village was in sight. On his way he kept glancing at the compass. This confused him a little as the needle kept pointed in the direction that he was headed. Straight towards the village. He kept his wits about him, as it seemed as though the demon might be still watching him, keeping just ahead of him as he made his way back.


During it's flee from the large warrior on the big fast four legged monster the demon had wondered how this man could always know how to find it.  As it had flown away from him it knew it should have been able to lose him very easily within the forest, but every time it had thought it had escaped, it would look over it's shoulder to see him coming, sat on top of the charging strange, fast, monster. Then it had detected the reason.  Someone was helping, someone was using magic!


Calin was now out of the forest and onto a track that would take him to the village.  He had kept an eye on the magicians compass and the needle never once changed direction, always pointing straight towards the same path he himself followed.  Then something happened that worried him greatly, the needle began to spin uncontrollably round and round, like the first time Dermatease had given it to him.

"Dermatease!", thought Calin.  "Damn it! I’ve got to get back!" Before he set off as fast as his legs would carry him he gave one more worrying look at the compass.  The needles spinning remained constant.


Calin's suspicions were right; Dermatease had been slain in his house, his heart ripped out like so many others. From the scorch marks and upset furniture within the wizards abode, Calin guessed that Dermatease must have put up a fight. This left Calin with a problem.  The wizard was his only way of finding the demon, without him the compass was useless, but Calin was determined not to give up so easily. There had to be something he could do to catch and kill the deadly assasin! The demon had got his heckles up and he knew he wanted to slaughter it and get some sort of revenge for the lives it had taken. He decided to head for Cedric's and think about the problem over several pints of ale.

That night, after consuming eight pints his mind warmed to the problem and he worked out a solution. He would travel to the city of Logaria, also known as the city of the sick and twisted, for there it was well known that an academy for young wizards being taught in the arts of magic, was being run.  All he would need to do was to persuade one who could work the compass, or use some other means of finding the demon, to come along with him to Pagzuire.

It might mean he would have to sacrifice some of his new found fortune, but at least he would have accomplished what he had set out to do.  "I'll set off tomorrow morning, first thing", he said to himself under his breath. Then he eyed the bar with it's pints of ale and other strong beverages. "Better make it afternoon!" he thought with second insight into the rest of the night.


PART THREE: The Wizard's Duel


The next day he set off for Logaria, purchasing another horse in Beft-Glug to make the trip quicker than if he had chosen to take a stage coach. It would mean he would have over two days travelling alone but he would be able to rest in any villages that he'd pass through.  He chose to ride further inland rather than straight up the coast.  This added an extra half day or so to the trip, but it also meant he'd pass through Galiamank.  Once in Galiamank he visited one or two friends, and stopped a day there, mainly once again to sample the marvelous richness of the beers and ales, plus a well earned visit to one or two of the curvy beauties who'd charge him a reasonable price, once he had given them some of his sweet-talk (though on more than one occasion this had backfired and he'd end up being charged double, as the dribble he spewed out would fall into ears with an interest in only fortune, and not flattery!).


He spent most of his time back at his local, "The Nine Dead Pigs" were Polk filled him in on what had been happening since he'd been gone, which was not a lot. The most interesting fact being that seven new beverages from some small southern land would arrive in the next few days. Polk however had his suspicions that they would taste terrible and flop on the first night.  Very rarely did foreign ale match up to a good old fashioned Kingdom brew, and the brews of Galiamank were that bit more special still.  Calin also told him what he'd been up to, Polk had listened open mouthed as Calin described his time on the island, then called Calin crazy for wanting to go back there to finish off the job.

The rest of the trip was peaceful with no signs of trouble along the path that he followed. In total it took him four days to reach Logaria, the city that in the last ten years had sunk to new depths in business and clientele.  Calin did not like the place and knew it was not called the city of the sick and twisted for nothing.  Calin had been here before in the past and had found that the whores of the city catered for anything a warped mind could dream up.  He avoided the brothels and kept himself to himself, while taking up residence in one of the hotels near the academy of wizards.

The next day after a good nights rest he began his search among the wizards who studied in the academy.  His search did not go well as the huge iron fence that encircled the academy, and stood over twelve feet high, stopped his entry.  His first problem came when he found that he was not allowed within the academy, and telling the guards that he was in fact one of the students who studied magic, did not wash with them.  He decided to revert to age old reliable tactics, so after bribing the guards with several gold coins he passed through the gates and made his way inside.  The academy itself was a large and richly decorated building, he had expected it to be more ancient looking and quiet but instead it had a very modern look about it.  On the outside it looked like a small white castle that was so finely crafted that it was obvious magic had been used in it's design and building.  The impossible long thin towers at each of the four corners looked like they came straight out of a fairytale though Calin suspected their beauty would act as little defense if faced with some of the siege machines he had seen in his time.  If invaders ever attacked the city, he would rather be behind good old solid two men stretched out thick stone walls, than the flimsy things that he now gazed upon.

“These shiny white walls would not even stand up to one hurled boulder from even the smallest of catapults!”, he thought in disgust.

On entering the building he noted the style of art work that adorned the white polished marble walls, was done in the new age style, that most modern-day artists were experimenting with.  The furniture was covered in sequins and soft cushions of gold and silver.  He quickly decided that the whole place had a sickly honeycomb look to it that he did not like!  "A castles first priorities are for protection and war, beauty comes once these two factors have been met!", he thought to himself as he wandered the many hallways and rooms shaking his head in disdain.

He decided to stand in one of the more active corridors and stop anyone passing that looked like a magician.  It seemed the people inside who he presumed must be the studying wizards, where all overly loud and very young.  From their voices he knew they were also from rich and upper-class backgrounds, indeed, it was known throughout the Kingdom that no longer did a boy become a wizard for his intelligence, as it had been in older times.  Now what counted was whether or not they or their families had the money to buy them, or themselves, a place inside.  This meant that a lot of the time, most would fail in their studies, as being thick in the head as a wooden plank made from Cangoro wood (the hardest and toughest wood known throughout the world of Oldabrock), is not an option when dealing with magic that needs a fresh and quick mind to understand and learn it’s many secret, and even at times taboo, functions!  It also meant that any magician who did learn the art of magic was usually a snob.

Things looked bad; with every approach he made up to a wizard with an offer of a hundred and fifty gold pieces for his task, they would either ignore him completely or be smug and look down on him. Some even thought him mad or under a spell, sent over to hassle them as a practical joke by some other college wizard wanting to embarrass them.

For five hours this went on and only twice had two of the young wizards shown any interest in what he had to say.  Unfortunately they were both too young of age, and when he had asked if they could operate the compass, they had looked confusedly at it, asking him what it was.  Then a tall dark skinned man with a wiry build and short cut purple hair, looking to be in his early twenties, approached Calin.  He introduced himself as Vlax and said he had heard of a warrior seeking a magician that could operate a box of seeking, and wondered what price was on offer for such a feat. Calin told him of the one hundred and fifty gold coins, and at this the man’s eyes lit up.  

Then he regained his composure once more, scratching his chin in thought, and said: "The tinkle of coin is of little importance to many here. Most who walk these floors are born rich.  I however am not quite so well off, and the money you offer would prove useful.  I myself have something of a problem, a problem that I hope you will be able to help me with and in return I'll come to Pagzuire to hunt whatever you need to seek with the box. Oh... And unfortunately there is  one more condition!"

"Name it!", said Calin.

"I err, well for the next three weeks I cannot leave this city as I have something of a duel to fight in.  If word got out that I had left, then the administrators of the academy would label me worse than a skungey lily livered coward, for all the other wizards to know about.  It is not a title I particularly desire; so I think you'll understand that I can't leave just yet, as I have no other option but to fight!"

The young wizard called Vlax looked a little nervous as he explained all to Calin. But on seeing that Calin still listened to him, he went on to tell more of his plight.

"The duel will be fought in the chamber of anti-magic, and this is where I have my problem.  Inside the chamber, magic is a very dangerous thing to use, and it has been estimated that within the chamber there is a ninety three percent chance that if someone casts a spell, the magic will not be able to escape the wizards body, and this can be deadly to the caster.  There is also a chance to that any magic cast will be warped and something strange and out of the ordinary could occur!  Indeed on one occasion I remember one such wizard in a desperate situation against another, while fighting a duel within the chamber, try and attempt a spell.  I can still remember watching in disgust as the top of the man's head slit open like a freshly cracked nut.  His brain then fell from his head, and upon hitting the floor, it began to move, eventually rolling about the room as if it were alive, as though it was trying to seek escape from the chamber.  Bouncing at times like a child’s ball would.  Horrible to watch it was."

"Three weeks you said?" said Calin changing the subject.  "That's too long for me to wait I’m afraid."

"You'll find no other you know.  None here will help you. Well, none except me that is.  Listen if you want to continue trying for another wizard then go ahead, but if like I say you do not find one and decide to rethink my offer, then ask for me, send out the word, and I'll return.  Don't wait too long though good friend, for time it seems is one thing that both of us don't have!"  With that the young wizard bid farewell and turned to leave Calin to continue his search.

After three more hours Calin realized that no one was interested in helping him.  He knew that the only way possible to find the demon was with a wizards help.  He'd tried to think of another possible solution but could not, knowing he would have to rely on the wizard who had called himself Vlax, even if that meant waiting three weeks.  More deaths were bound to happen but what choice did he have.  He went to the reception part of the building and asked to speak with the one called Vlax. The women behind the large oak desk told him to wait while a message was sent.  Ten minutes later Vlax entered reception and Calin told him he had reconsidered his offer.

"Good." said Vlax with a relieved smile.  "I’m glad to hear it.  Anyway the terms that I was discussing with you before involved you helping me fight in my forthcoming duel.  I, if you take a good look at me; I am not the strongest of men, and have little experience in fighting in hand to hand combat!"

"What are you fighting in a duel for anyway? Why not just wait for the man down a dark alley, then use your magic to zap the man that you have to fight with!", inquired Calin.

"It's not as simple as all that. The man who I fight is also a wizard, and much more experienced in the art of magic than myself.  It was he who challenged me to the duel.  Not I him!  Honor dictates that one has to fight if challenged, besides if I backed out now I would be chucked out of the academy and labeled a coward.  This title would haunt me for the rest of my days and I’d become a laughing stock to every wizard throughout the Kingdom. This is the reason why I decided to fight him in the chamber, were using magic would be a stupid thing for either of us to do.  There is one more problem with this otherwise clever plan however.  The man who I am to fight, is built like a bear, and my chances of winning still look pretty slim!"

"Can't you let me take your place?  I'll punch his head from off his shoulders, right now if you like?", said Calin wanting to get this whole affair over with as quickly as possible.

"Unfortunately the other wizards would know. Even if I was to deny any involvement after, how you say, punched his head off, the other wizards would get to know! Magic and all that. They would find out using their methods!", said Vlax.  "That's why I need you, a warrior capable of training me up, to fight with my fists.  And that my friend is the deal I offer"

The whole situation seemed rather silly and pointless to Calin, when such a large amount of money was on offer for the simple task of operating the magic box, who cared about trivial matters such as the one presented by Vlax. Unfortunately though, Calin had no choice, and after so long looking, he just didn't have the patience now to argue.

"It's a deal", said Calin with a sigh and a shrug.  "By the way, you any good?”

"What?”

"What kind of a wizard are you?”

"Me... Well I’m... I’m a very good one.  Last year in my class I finished fifth highest amongst a class of nine other pupils and I err... Well once… err well…Yes there was this time when I was attacked by a… erm! Ah yes, a huge frog and I….".

"All right, all right, I trust you wizard”, interrupted Calin.  “We will meet outside tomorrow morning at first light".  The two then bid each other goodbye.  Calin walked off with a worried look on his face.  He could not help thinking that fifth best out of a class of nine was not that impressive.  In the end though, all the wizard needed to do was work the compass, he'd do the rest.  At this thought things did not look so bad after all.

The next three weeks for Vlax contained some of the most painful and torturous days he had ever experienced.  Calin, who was trained in many forms of unarmed combat, had decided to teach Vlax the simplest, as time was short! Boxing was the most basic form of unarmed combat that Calin knew, it was also easy to pick up and although the time he had to teach it to Vlax was very short, some skill at least would be learnt from this traditional warrior sport.

Calin devised a training schedule to get the skinny youngster into better shape. This involved press-ups, sit-ups, and punching and jabbing at a large bag full of grain and sawdust.  Each day Calin would put Vlax through the same schedule and each morning Vlax would wake up in agony from stiff muscles and aching joints.  He'd complained to Calin many times but Calin continued to make him carry out his exercises, training him without sympathy, each day calling him things like a scrag girl whore, whenever he let up or Calin thought he wasn't giving it his all.

During this time the two learnt about the others past and why each one required the others services.  Vlax told Calin that the man he fought was called Mardink, one of the wizards who taught the students at the academy.  He had come home one night to find Vlax in bed with his wife, who Vlax claimed he was only doing because of a bet he'd lost while playing cards with some of the gardeners who kept the grounds of the academy tidy.  "Those gardeners have a very warped sense of humor!", he'd said, stopping to think back to when the bet had been called before finishing his story.  He then went on to tell Calin that Mardink became furious and would have killed Vlax with his bare hands there and then, if Vlax had not took off through the bedroom window like a bolt from a crossbow.

The next day the duel was issued by Mardink for Vlax to choose a ground to fight him on.  The chamber of anti-magic was traditional for dueling wizards to fight, and so he had picked there.  Plus his chances were slightly better knowing about the fact that magic was a dangerous thing to be used within such a place.

When Vlax had asked Calin what he intended to find with the compass of seeking, and Calin had told him a demon, Vlax had nearly changed his mind and told Calin to find himself another madman for his quest. Calin went on to tell him that it was only a little demon, gesturing with his hand to show that it was only around knee height.  This had changed Vlax's mind back, and he'd said that if that was the size of it, then it shouldn’t be complete suicide quest, though it still would be very dangerous. He knew something of demons from his teachings within the academy. And from what he'd learnt, they were something to avoid unless you actively sought a terrible and torturous death.

Calin left out the part of the demon slaying Dermatease, who Calin guessed Vlax would rightly rate as a wizard of immense power, and also the fact that the demon had aged and grown somewhat in less than a couple of weeks!

Vlax also shared Calin's love of a good ale and during the night when Vlax's training was finished, the two would head off to the "Plucked Feather" were they served ale of a very reasonable quality (though it would normally be tad pricey for Calin's taste, but with his new found wealth, he decided "What the scrag!").

Even Calin had to admit that the golden frothy ale met his high standards, that said it was still the only pub in the city that did serve quality such as this, the rest being just being as bad as most other towns he'd drank in, but with the added "bonus" of being two or three times the price! During this fine time of ale slurping, a strong friendship developed between the two and during drinking sessions a partnership did not go unnoticed by the citizens of Logaria as they laughed, drank and caused chaos in many a drunken frenzy upon the cities many streets.

Twice the pair had been arrested at night by the nights guard and thrown into cells to sleep off their intoxicated states.  Both times the charge had been for singing at the hour of the grinning jester who the people of Logaria thought walked the streets at this one hour of the night.  It was said that anyone who bumped into him would be found dead, thrown into some gutter the next day, deth being caused from several lacerations to both sides of the victims ribcage.  Both Calin and Vlax knew that in many of the cities, stories such as these would often spring up.  They also knew that frightingly at times, the stories could turn out to be true! By the end of the three weeks the two had shared many a story with the other and each knew that the God of good fortune had smiled on them when they'd met, though neither in truth believed him a God!

The training weeks had gone quickly and now the day of the duel was upon Vlax.  The chamber of anti-magic lay in the cellars of the academy, and in one hour’s time Vlax would fight with Mardink.  Calin and Vlax entered just as a young woman was beginning to set out chairs around the edge of the chamber of anti-magic.  It was a rare thing to witness a duel between two wizards, and word had spread of the forthcoming fight.  Vlax would have an audience as he fought his duel with Mardink.

Vlax had been in the chamber before but Calin eyed the strange room for the first time.  It was a large empty room with jet black walls lit by torches that gave off a strong red light.  Implanted into the black brickwork were jewels of red, green, and blue, that if you stopped and studied for long enough, you  would notice their shape changing ever so slightly. Vlax noticed Calin doing this and told him not to, as in the past they had been known to bring on varying states of dizziness.  "Those are the stones that warp magic!", Vlax told Calin. "There true power is not known as they are impossible to study.  It is these very stones that give this chamber its name."  In the centre of the room upon the floor, a circle had been drawn out in blue and white chalk. "Inside, that is where I'll fight my duel.", Vlax told Calin.

The chamber started slowly now to fill up with other wizards who took one of the seats the young women had finished laying out.  Vlax's duel would be watched by both apprentice, student, and master magician alike.

As soon as every seat was taken Mardink entered the chamber.  It was the first time that Calin had laid eyes on the man and now he worried for Vlax as he beheld the size of his opponent.  Vlax was tall, around six foot three, and though Mardink stood only a couple of inches taller, it was the man’s bulk that worried Calin.  He was broad shouldered and carried a large amount of weight, though Calin could not tell if it was mainly fat, and hoping it wasn't muscle, as he wore a thick red robe covering most of his body.  Still, even if it was just blubber, if it came down to a brawl were holding and wrestling would take place, Calin knew that Mardink would easily overpower Vlax.

"Remember all I taught you Vlax, and stay well away from that ox!  He's a big one all right but I'd guess he has little speed.", said Calin while secretly hoping that Mardink was more magician than fist fighter.

Then a small old man stepped into the circle of chairs and asked for quiet from everyone in the room.  Once the crowd had settled down and silence was the only thing to be heard, the man continued.

"Tonight dear wizards and warlocks, necromancers and spell weavers, we will witness entertainment of the highest quality."

Calin knew the people within the room must have paid well to come and watch the fight. There was no other reason for this idiot to babble on in such a manner, as he went on to praise all attending, in an overly pampered way.

The old man finnally finished with his long list of compliments, and then got onto the main event. "Now I give you Vlax, student of the second circle."  The room fell silent and any small conversation stopped as Vlax's name was mentioned.  Vlax looked around himself nervously as many heads turned towards him. Most just looked excitedly at him, glad to be witnessing the event, but some faces (some of whom he even recognized) where sneering, or giving him a look as though they viewed something rather nasty and unpleasant. He even noted the occasional boo and hiss, directed in his direction.

"And now I give you his opponent.", continued the small man. "He is one who I think many of you know here.  So please give high praise as I give you the mighty Mardink."  At this, part of the crowd cheered, while others who were older and more respected just grinned, though secretly they wanted to get to their feet and shout for Mardink to rip the young wife stealing purple haired son of a witches head off!

Through the cheers the small man in the circle sounded: "Master wizard of all elements, conjuror of Salomino lizards, who once slayed a mighty Galvern, and enslaved a filthy Moxrgrot.  Teacher to many and friend of all." The crowd went wild, cheering out Mardink, and hurling insults of a wizardly nature at Vlax. Then hush was called for and the old man continued. 

"Please now both of you enter the circle and prepare to fight".  Calin noticed that Vlax was shaking and breathing heavy.  "Calm down its only adrenalin” he said giving Vlax a light slap across the face to gain his full attention. “Remember all I taught you, and don't get careless. Now get in there and bash that fat boys brains out!"

Vlax stepped into the circle at the same time as Mardink.  The two eyed each other and Vlax saw the hatred within Mardink's eyes for him.  Each had stripped off their robes and now faced each other, dressed only in a loincloth.

At this Calin gave a sigh of relief as he witnessed the great folds of flab that Mardink had hid beneath his robe.  The man was obviously more interested in his magic (and more probably his food) than his physical well-being.

"Dodge, duck and jab jab jab!", shouted Calin as a last thought, just in case Vlax had forgotten.

Vlax took up the fighting stance that Calin had taught him, putting his left leg forward and raising his fists to cover his face.  As he did, Mardink decided to charge!  Two giant fists were flung at Vlax but neither connected.  Vlax bobbed and weaved as his opponent sought to tumble him with one of his massive blows.  Each time Mardink swung, Vlax would dodge or block the massive fists, his speed being far too much for the much bigger man.

For over a minute this went on, the crowd cheering each swing thrown by Mardink, obviously wanting Mardink, who was clearly the favorite, to deck Vlax and stomp on his face.  Now though the blows from Mardink weren’t coming as fast as they had, and he began to breathe heavily as big dollops of greasy sweat dripped off his face.  Still Vlax had not thrown a single punch and Mardink stopped his flailing to grab a breather.

Suddenly Vlax's left hand jabbed forward taking Mardink by total surprise and catching him smack on the nose, busting it on contact.  Mardink was rocked backwards and a stunned look spread across his face.  Vlax followed up, jabbing and swinging blows at Mardink's body and head.  Mardink tried in vain to block but Vlax's new found skill and speed were too much for him, as the blows rained down painfully.  A sweeping right hand from Vlax caught Mardink square on the chin and Mardink toppled to the ground, his eyes visibly rolling from the punch.

Vlax backed away from the fallen man and for the first time heard the crowd.  They were booing and jeering Mardink, as he tried to regain his feet, though his still shaking senses made this impossible.  He too heard the baying crowd and even though he was exhausted and his head spun from Vlax's last blow, and what with the jeering crowd and the sight of Vlax bobbing and weaving, while simultaneously doing a dance with his feet and showing off to the crowd, gave Mardink a new burst anger. This anger had the effect of making Mardink come to his senses sharp. The outrage welled up inside him and he reacted instinctively in a way that would prove his undoing.

Silence once again filled the room as they saw Mardink's hand shoot forward and point at Vlax.  In his anger Mardink began to incant a spell.  As he mouthed the words of the spell some of the people in the room ducked behind their chairs, while others shouted and screamed for Mardink not to do it, but the magician was lost in furious rage... It was too late now to stop him! Those who watched saw Mardink's outstretched arm begin to shake furiously, then a pained expression spread across Mardink's face.  Suddenly the shoulder of his outstretched arm exploded in tiny fragments of bone, blood and flesh, splattering some of the members of the audience, who were now regretting having taken a seat in the front row.

Mardink fell backwards, dead, with smoke oozing out from his mouth and nostrils.  Then something happened that would leave a hideous scar on the minds of those who still watched.  Something large, black, and hairy, began to grow out of the bloody hole where his shoulder had been.  All watched in horror as a gigantic monstrous spiders leg sprouted from the socket and began to claw at the ground around it, dragging the dead body of Mardink as it went.  It was a truly hideous site for all who still watched, to see the horror clawing at the ground, bringing Mardink's corpse closer and closer towards them.

Sounds of retching and screams filled the air but this was not going to stop Vlax from having his moment of glory.  He began jumping up and down, shaking his fists in the air, while singing out at the top of his voice: "CHAMP.I.O.N, CHAMP.I.O.N, oh hey, oh hey, oh whay!" over and over, again and again.

Ten minutes later the crowd had left the room, most of whom felt ill by the entertainment they had just witnessed.  Calin and Vlax were now the only ones left in the chamber, deciding to wait for all to leave incase one or two of Mardink's friends decided on a little revenge.

The huge spiders leg could be still heard scraping at the ground, but it was of no concern to them.  Calin checked the coast was clear and the two headed out of the chamber, keeping as low a profile as possible.  Once outside, they headed straight for the "Plucked Feather", were the two spent the rest of the evening celebrating Vlax's victory.  Tomorrow they would set off for Pagzuire.


PART FOUR: The Demon Awaits


The next day the two left the city of Logaria on horseback.  Calin had decided to buy Vlax a horse from the same stables he had left his own horse in three weeks before.  Vlax travelled in a rather expensive and posh wolf skin cloak.  Underneath he wore a light leather armor and carried at his side a long curved dagger.

They had decided to travel back along the coast, stopping at towns for rest and sleep.  The last night before they would reach Pagzuire the two decided to sleep rough, wanting to get as earlier a start as possible to reach the island in early morning.  As the horses rested the two made camp, and once a fire was burning brightly, they settled down and talked for hours of many things.

This being their last night on the road however, they had broke into two bottles of strong wine that they had brought along.  Neither was particularly a wine drinker but the strength (being much stronger than ale) and the fact that it would prove a lighter load to carry, had swung their minds into buying the alcohol. This night would also prove to be the first time the two faced the experience of fighting side by side against opponents, intent on causing them injury or death!

Vlax always seemed unwilling to talk about his early life but with Calin's constant questioning Vlax eventually gave in, though at first he only gave brief little snippets of how he came to be in Labpreane.  Calin's interest at why Vlax felt the need to keep quiet, illuminated his interest with each little snippet of story, so he decided to press Vlax for an explanation and at least find out where he had originated from.

Coming from one of the Southern lands called Zargoteck, with it's hot climates and beautiful dark skinned beauties, Vlax went on to tell Calin most of his life story, of how as a boy his father had taken him to Labpreane to study the art of magic.  His father had earned good money working many long hard and dangerous years in the diamond mines, and had earned enough to send Vlax to the academy at an early age.

Although Vlax was not the oldest of his father’s children, he was considered to be the cleverest and most intelligent.  This in the end had persuaded his father to send him and not the eldest brother, who by right would usually have the privilege.

It was obvious that Vlax was foreign to the lands of Labpreane, but to hear his voice you would not think it.  Calin suspected that Vlax's voice was the way it was because he must have come to Labpreane at a very early age. The boy Vlax must have been very young indeed when he had left his homeland to now speak with such a ordinary Labpreane accent.  Calin knew also that the description given by Vlax was very vague and he still kept some of his background from him, however this time instead of pressing Vlax, he instead decided to change the subject, as he sensed a little unease from his questioning.

"So, why the purple hair?"

"What?", replied Vlax.

"The hair, why purple?"

"You mean to say that were you come from they don't die their hair?"

"Not purple."

"Hmmm... That surprises me little, the rest of the Kingdom have always been behind Logaria when it comes to fashion."

"I’ve seen purple hair before, just not on a man.  In fact the only women I've seen with it have been the street whores!"

"In Logaria it's considered beautiful, the women find me the height of sexual perfection because of it."

"That's Logaria for you; women there will sleep with anything. Be they Male, female, animal, vegetable... You name it!"

"Listen I could walk into your beloved Galiamank one night and have the women swooning all over me."

"Purple hair, women swooning, what hoss dung!  You walk into Galiamank on a night time with purple hair and it will not be the women swooning over you!", said Calin getting to his feet and walking around the camp fire with a limp and a foppish swagger saying: "Look at me", in a high pitched voice.  "I’m Vlax and I think I’m so manly!"

"Sit down and shut up before I turn you into a toad!", said Vlax angrily.

"You can do that can you, turn people into toads I mean?"

"Erm no, of course not.  Look I'm a wizard.  You know how it is with wizards!"

"No.”

"Well the thing with wizards is... Well unless you've got back up, then you're not much good.  You see Calin, magic, as you well know from your demon friend, is stored in the heart.  Only so much magic can be stored at one time and until the power begins to grow, not much magic can be contained within.  I’m probably the only wizard in the whole of the Kingdom that will admit this to you but then I am a realistic wizard who admits that sorcery is overrated, and I’m not prone to talking rubbish the way most other most wizards do."  At hearing this last part Calin was about to interrupt and disagree with Vlax.  Vlax on realizing what Calin was going to do, hurriedly continued his speech before Calin could but in.

"Each year I get a little bit stronger in the arts, but it's still a slow process. That's why I want to learn how to fight.  Not just with my fists but with a weapon of some kind.  The way I see myself and other wizards is that most times we are nothing but handy tools, though we are capable of dealing out death instantly.  That's when we still possess some magic though, and our power has had long years of growth, once that powers been used, well we're just ordinary men, untrained at combat and fairly incapable of any kind of self defense."

"Hmmm...", said Calin scratching his head in thought. "Perhaps after this ordeal with the demon is over, I could give you some training.  You’re a fast learner and seeing how I've given you a considerable amount of my money for tomorrows work, this could offer me an opportunity to get most of it back."

"You would charge me, me the mighty Vlax?… Vlax the incredible! Vlax the fist fighter extraordinaire! Vlax your good friend.  Come Calin, have a heart."

"I do have a heart”, said Calin as he raised his eyebrows.  "It's just that it's as filthy as a fornicating pig in dung!"

"Ha!", laughed Vlax.  "No doubt tomorrow I'll find out if this be true when it's ripped from your body!"

At this the two bellowed with laughter.

"That stone you wear on your neck.  Give me a closer look at it."

Calin handed Vlax the stone.  He had told Vlax the story of how he had come by it and how it had the power to weaken, and at times totally dispel magic.

In Vlax's hand the jewel felt warm, he being a magician who had honed his body to magic could feel the jewels power affect his magical abilities.  After eyeing it closely Vlax handed the stone back to Calin.

"You say the warrior you got this from paid around eight hundred gold.  I'll tell you something, he got a bargain, that jewel would normally cost double that amount. Some people would give there..."

A noise made the two turn around as four armed men wielding swords entered the circle of light that the fire gave off.

"Right you two horrible dung sniffers!", said the closest of the men.  "If the pair of you know what's good for you then you'll hand over any money on your persons.  You hear that you pair of worthless scrags!"

Calin and Vlax had backed away so that the fire lay between them and the four men who were clearly bandits.

Vlax whispered in hushed tones to Calin, "What do you think?"

"I think their nothing but four cowards who hold swords like sticks and stink out our good campsite."  Then he said in louder tones, "If the four of you know what's good for you then you'll turn about before I cut those ugly faces up and feed them to the birds in the morning!"

The tallest of the four bandits stepped forward, he had stayed at the back but now that a suspected resistance looked likely he approached holding his sword in both hands before him, then said: "You two lads don't know who your dealing with, were quite known around these parts I'll have you know.  We're the death dealing...no we're the, the doom dealers of this land and if you don't give us your money and goods, then I'm afraid me and the boys here will just have ta gut the pair of yer, and roast yer over that little fire of yours!"

"Doom dealers indeed", said Vlax smiling.  "You sound more like a bunch of minstrels from the lost city of Shibra, the city of the one eared sluts!"

"Right lads.", said the big fellow again.  "I think we'll just have ta"... Before he could finish speaking Vlax had mouthed a spell, he then cupped both his hands to his mouth and blew hard at the fire.   The flames of the fire reared up in the four men’s direction.  The big bandit and the one who had been first to speak took most of the blast and got badly burned by the flames, dropping to the ground in agony from their injuries.  Before the other two had time to react and recover from their shock, Calin had dived over the fire at them, knocking one to the ground with his shoulder and impaling the other through the stomach with his sword.  Calin quickly finished off the man who lay stunned on the ground from his shoulder barge with a whip of his blade, severing the mans throat.

While he was doing this Vlax had made his way around the fire with his wicked curved dagger in hand, and then had stabbed the two men who lay prone on the ground from the burns.  All had died within a matter of seconds.

The two then took the four bodies and dumped them well away from their campsite, to stop any predators from smelling the death, and upon sensing an easy feast, come lumbering over to cause more mayhem.  Then the two settled down once more around the fire. As they did, a thought struck Calin.

"Where's that lost city you mentioned supposed to be? What did you call it? Shibra, that wasn't it?” asked Calin.

"Dunno.", said Vlax.  "Ar just made it up!"

They decided to take turns keeping watch, so that if more trouble invaded while they rested then at least one would be awake and they would not be surprised during the night.


The night had passed without any more incidents and now after two hours ride they approached the town Beft-Glug.  They rode straight towards the docks and asked one of the ferrymen to take them to the island.

This man owned one of the larger boats in the dock.  And it would cost more to take this boat, but it was necessary if they were to get their horses across.  At first he refused, saying that funny goings on were taking place upon the island.  When they pressed him to explain himself, he just shook his head and said they would have to find themselves another boat.

Looking about the dock they found no other boat that would be able to take the two horses, so they again went to the ferryman who had refused them and Calin offered him fifteen gold crowns to take them across (a substantial amount more than the normal price for such a trip).  Even though the man was still not keen, the price on offer was a small fortune for him, and would normally take him up to a month to make the same amount that Calin now offered.  At this he agreed but only if they disembarked from his boat as soon as they landed on the island.  The two agreed and soon were on their way once more.

Half way across the stretch of water to the island, Vlax decided to try and loosen the ferryman’s tongue.  He started by chatting about the weather but the man remained silent at the stern of his boat, he did not even seem to acknowledge Vlax and remained still were he stood, only occasionally moving the tiller from side to side now and again to counter any current that would swing the boat off it's course.  After trying one or two other subjects, such as how the fishing in the waters was going and whether or not there had been any more attacks on small boats by large Grizzle-squids (something he had heard two fishermen talking about in the docks while he and Calin had searched for a ship) he only got a grunt from the man, or at best a yes or no as a reply to his questions.  He decided that striking up a conversation with this glum fellow was indeed pointless and instead came straight out and asked once more about the island.

"So friend, you mentioned some trouble or something strange happening upon Pagzuire.  Surely it will not hurt you to tell me something of it?"

For a while the man remained silent and Vlax guessed the man was going to remain so.  Just as he was about to turn and walk away, the man said: "The people over there... They're not the people I once knew!"

"Pray friend, what do you mean?", inquired Vlax.

"I'll not speak any more of it but if you want I'll take you and your friend back to the mainland and I'll give you back thirteen pieces of your gold if you come.  If you two have any sense you will take heed and mark my words!"

Vlax refused the man’s offer and went to tell Calin what he'd discovered from the ferryman.  On hearing this the two put their heads together and surmised that the demons power must have grown so much in the weeks Calin had been away, that it might be using it's magic to affect the people in some unknown way.  The question though was how!

Landing on the island the ferryman kept to his word and as soon as the two horses and Vlax and Calin were on shore, he turned his boat around and sailed straight off.  The two had decided to head straight into the woods for the demon, not wanting to rest in the village just in case the ferryman was right.  Once they were off the shore, Vlax took out the compass and cast the simple find spell that would operate the magical device.  The needle pointed towards the north of the island, at this Calin frowned but said nothing to Vlax as the two set off to follow the needles direction.

They went through the woods at a slow pace on horseback, Calin knew that if it would come down to a chase, as it had done last time, they would need both horses to be fresh for running.  Calin grew more and more concerned as they headed further and further north.  The trees were becoming thinner and he knew that if they should continue, they would eventually reach the village.

As they got within a mile of the village he became certain that they were not going to encounter the demon within the woods.  Still the two kept on the trail until they now reached the edge of the trees.  Looking across a field of small green bushes with long yellow wheat growing in-between, the two could see the eastern wall of Pagzuire. At this point Calin let Vlax know what he was thinking.

"It would seem our demon has taken up residence within the village, as there is nowhere else in that direction I can think of that the blue swine might be."

"What now then?", asked Vlax.  "Do we continue?"

"No", said Calin.  "Not yet. We will wait until night, and see if it moves back into the woods. If it doesn’t then we will head into the village and hunt the thing under cover of darkness.  That way there will be less chance of being spotted by villages."


That night the two made a small camp-fire to keep warm and waited in the woods to see if there would be a change in the demons movements. Little was said amongst the two as each sat and stared, one keeping a watch on the compass to see if the needle might suddenly swing, and the other watching the flames of the fire dance across long thick timbers of black wood while simultaneously concentrating hard, so the compass kept on functioning.

When the air had grown cold and the night sky twinkled with thousands of stars, the two knew that the demon was unlikely to be going to move.  With this, they decided to enter the village on foot and tied there horses to a tree.  The horses would be alright for a couple of days at least, plenty of grass and wheat grew at the edge of the woods for them to nibble at.  Making sure each had everything they needed they set off towards the village.


The village itself was surrounded only by a small brick wall, eight foot high and a yard thick at the top.  Being on an island, their only danger of attack came from the sea.  There had been cases of pirates and raiders in the past, but they were a rare thing and the wall was deemed all that was needed for protection.  The two had decided to enter the village by scaling part of the wall at the west side of the village.  Calin knew that the gates would all have guards posted at them and chose this as the best method to get in without being seen.  The west side was also the least guarded as it contained the poorer residents who lived in the village.  They would still have to be careful as some guards would be posted on top of the wall in small watch-towers, every hundred foot along.

The night however gave them enough cover and Vlax got onto Calin's shoulders and hitched himself up on top of the wall easily without being seen.  Calin then took a small run up,  jumping up where he caught a hold of the top of the wall.  Dressed in armor and carrying heavy weapons, he needed Vlax's assistance to clamber to the top.  He also made quite a loud noise in doing so and once at the top of the wall the two waited nervously to see if a guard came rushing along to investigate, or worse still, an alert was sounded.  After waiting one long minute they dropped down to the other side knowing that if Calin had been heard, something would have happened by now.

The village seemed very empty for this time of night, with only a few people to be seen about.  Then they spotted a patrol of guards marching towards them.  Before they could be spotted they ducked down a side alley and hid in one of the gardens of a nearby house.  Calin explained to Vlax that patrols at night since the demons emergence were a common thing, so this was nothing out of the ordinary.  Once the patrol had passed the two were once more on their way, sticking more to the shadows incase another patrol passed this way.

At one point they went past a villager who demanded to know who they where, when they told him they were just visitors from the kingdom seeking a place to stay for the night, he gave the two a funny look then began shouting for the guards.  Quickly Calin brought his right elbow up to meet with the man’s face, knocking him out cold on contact.  From this encounter they decided to avoid everyone within the village.  No one was to be trusted!

Again they followed the point of the needle and it led them to near the centre of the village.  Although the two did keep themselves covered by the shadows, they were not thieves, trained in the art of hiding in such a manner, and were still easy to spot for an overly keen eye.

"HALT, WHO GOES THERE?", shouted a man’s voice behind them.  The two turned to see a group of six men dressed in leather armor and carrying small swords.

"Guards", whispered Calin to Vlax, and then shouting to the men: "We've just been for a drink and are heading home. We don't mean to cause any bother."

"Come out of the shadows the pair of you now!", said the guard who had addressed them before.

Calin and Vlax looked at each other and knew that by the way in which they were attired there would be no chance of them passing themselves off as mere villages.  With a nod to each other the pair turned on their heels and ran at full sprint away from the six men.  From the clattering behind them the two knew that the guards gave chase.  Calin had always been a fast runner, and Vlax with his lanky build and great lolloping strides, could also make good speed, soon they were putting distance between themselves and the six guards.

Calin had explored this part of the village before and using this knowledge he managed to shake off the pursuers using gardens, back alleys, side alleys, and jumping several fences in the process.  Once they were sure they had lost the guards they stopped in a small square surrounded by trees and bushes as decoration, they then hid behind a bush just in case they were wrong and the guards still followed their course.  Each breathed heavily from the exertions of the running, but once both had gotten their breath back, Calin told Vlax they were in the posh part of the village.

"I used to rent out a room near here from one of the hotels. Right awful snobbish place."

Vlax looked once more at the compass which he had stowed in his belt pouch while they were being chased.

"Well it seems from the compass that we've at least ended up running in the right direction, look at the pointer.", said Vlax.  He was right, being chased by the guards had at least not knocked them off the course the two where following.

"Come", said Calin, "Let's make a move.  I expect our six friends won't be too long in alerting more guards and exploring this part of town".  Once again the two men followed the needle's point, and were once more back on the hunt.


Vlax looked around at the houses in this part of the village.  They were indeed a better quality than those upon the south side.  Calin explained that this part was were men lived who had come to Pagzuire with belt pouches bursting with gold.  Retired merchants, farmers who had sold their lands, landlords sick of drunks, and even a few fishermen who had lived all their lives in Pagzuire and had been luckier or cleverer than the others and had sold far more fish over the years than their fellow fishermen.  Calin explained the reasons why such men had come to such a quiet and desolate place.  He'd found when talking to the men who lived in this area, those who had originally lived on the mainland, that they all sought to get away from the humdrum of Kingdom life. Some even wanted to live out their retirement with little chance of something out of the ordinary happening around them. Whereas Kingdom life fluctuated and at times things such as wars, raids, monsters of unusual ferocity, disease, famine, and various other nasty things had been known to happen several times in the span of one lifetime.  On the island things seemed to always remain the same. Life upon the island to an outsider, seemed peaceful and safe.

"Tis a boring place!", said Calin finishing off as the two walked into a large open square surrounded by richly built houses.  Instantly the smell of death and rotten flesh filled their nostrils.

Vlax looked down at the needle. "It points over there", he said gesturing towards a house that was by far bigger than any other in the square.

Calin had already set off, saying as he went: "I guessed as much, there are not many men I can think of who would want to decorate their garden in such a lavish manner!"

The house that the needle pointed to was not just the biggest, it was also the most beautiful to look at.  Large brick walls covered in bright green ivy that grew around shuttered windows, a roof of multi colored tiles adorned at each corner with hideous stone gargoyles and topped off with two twin chimneys shaped like twisting serpents that spewed black smoke from their open fanged mouths.  At the front of the house a huge double door made from oak was open, and upon either side of it, two torches burned lighting up most of the house and the garden, though to the two now viewing it the illumination they gave off was only half what it should be.

It was the garden around the house that let the scene that the pair looked on down.  Most of it was decorated with beautiful plants of many different species, with a lawn of the richest green grass at it's middle.  However piled up on the lawn was a huge mass of dead bodies, reaching up to around fifteen feet in height.  The pile was made up of men, women and children, each with their chest ripped open and their hearts missing.  At the bottom of the pile the bodies were more decomposed, and features distinguishing sex or age, were impossible to recognize.  The higher up you went on the pile, the less rotten the flesh became.  At the very top, a young women lay dead.  Blood could still be seen running from her chest and mouth.  The demon had obviously just eaten.

"There must be over sixty dead here!", said Vlax.

"Yeah, and more if we don't do something about it.  This house used to belong to the richest man in the village, a big fat merchant called Gorleg.  That may be him right down there at the bottom of the pile, though it is hard to tell." said Calin.  "Come let's finish this horror", and with that Calin made his way carefully towards the main door, sword drawn and shield covering him.

"Halt", came a voice from the doorway.  "Who goes there?" The voice was human.

The two had to think fast!

"We are...erm! We're..." Calin looked at Vlax frowning, not knowing what to say.

"We're a couple of men who've had a little much to drink and are... Well. we're lost!", continued Vlax.  Calin shook his head as five guards rushed from the doorway.  "Engage them", cried Vlax. 

"There's five of them, they'll cut me to ribbons", shouted Calin as he met the first mans strike with his own blade.  Vlax had backed off leaving Calin alone to face the five.  Although his swordsmanship was miles ahead of any of the men he faced, their number was far too great for him, and as he tried to strike one with his blade, another had got behind him and grabbed his sword arm.  Before he could react, five pairs of hands grabbed him, forcing him to the ground were they pinned him down! He was helpless and completely at their mercy.  Fortunately they seemed more intent on knocking him out with punches and kicks than stabbing and killing him with their swords.  As he curled himself into a ball, the blows rained down on him, one of them giving a hearty cry of: "He'll be a tasty treat for the master!", and as he heard this, three boots and two fists hit him in various (and sometimes tender) places.

Then as soon as the blows started, they stopped and Calin heard the men crying out in pain.  Looking up he saw small red bolts of light exploding into them.  The bolts didn’t seem to be causing the men any significant damage but from their howls and screams they obviously burned.  He turned to the source were the red bolts came from and saw them erupting from out of Vlax's two outstretched hands.  The men took off as more of the small bolts of light crashed into them, cries and curses sounding whenever one struck.

Once they had fled, Vlax collapsed to the ground breathing and sweating heavily.  "For a moment there I thought you had legged it!" said a very relieved Calin as he got gingerly to his feet, checking himself to make sure nothing was busted or broke.

"I wish now I had", said Vlax.  "That spell drained me nearly dry of magic.  Lucky them boys did not stay around much longer, I could have only kept that up for a few seconds more!"

"I've got to admit, I’m impressed my young friend", said Calin.  "That magic was pretty good stuff!"

"Those bolts in truth could not kill a rat, it's lucky that we where only dealing with a bunch of wimpy Pagzuire guards, and not hardened warriors, or me and you would not be here right now!"

Calin went over to help Vlax to his feet saying: "From their shouts and screams, those magic bolts of power seemed to be causing a hell of a lot of pain!"

"Pah… Mere bee stings", said Vlax. Though secretly he was quite proud of what he’d just achieved.

The two once more got ready, and walked towards the door of the house.  This time no shout came as they went within.

They entered into the hallway of the house, in front of them stairs led upwards but the two decided to search the bottom floor first. The house was split up into many small rooms, each being lit by torches that were placed on the walls, showing them to be richly decorated with furniture and art of many different cultures and styles.  Again it was noticeable that some form of darkness shrouded the rooms, for the torches, with their strong burning flames, did not give anywhere near the amount of light that they should have.

The air too had become considerably colder, and as the two men explored the building in their search of the demon they could see their breaths form into white frosty clouds as if they walked outside on a bitter winters night.  "It's close", said Calin, knowing from past experience that the unnatural cold and darkness was caused by the demon, though much worse than his two previous encounters.  Vlax suddenly stopped in his tracks.  He then held both his hands to his forehead and his face twisted in pain.

"You all right Vlax?", said Calin turning sharply and checking to see if some form of physical damage had happened to his friend.

"The demon, I think it knows we are here!  I... I've just managed to stop it from looking into my mind!"  He then paused, regaining his composure as the pain dissipated.  "I was lucky; if I had been an instant slower then the big brain boggler would have had me. Ha, all those years training at the academy, mastering my mind and becoming one with myself, seems in the end to have paid off. And I thought I was wasting my time."

"I'll be all right wont I?", inquired a now concerned Calin.  "The stone, it should protect me shouldn’t it?"

"I reckon so, but from what you’ve told me before about our blue friend, it would seem that his powers have increased substantially.  It takes a hell of a mind to mess with a wizards like mine (although this was true, he did exaggerate his own qualities a fair bit). I am not your everyday local thug spell weaver like some you know!"

"Stop talking dung! I know what a useless scrag of a wizard you really are.  Come on, let's head upstairs, there's not a hint of the mages spawn down here."

They continued there small argument as they headed for the stairs, whispering insults to keep up moral.  The mood in the building had a very disturbing quality to it, and unconsciously the two found that making light of the situation compensated the fact that powerful magic was at play and somewhere close, something exceptionally evil awaited them.

On reaching the stairs Calin went ahead, as the stairway was narrow, and although both could get up together, walking side by side, it would be a tight squeeze which would make fighting difficult.

Again the two explored the top part of the house, and again it was lit by torches placed upon the walls.  It was also physically and visibly noticeable that the unnatural darkness and cold had grown some.  As the two searched, their teeth chattered occasionally, and their hands would shake while their eyes had to squint to see in their now murky surroundings.

The upper part of the house contained little of interest.  Bedrooms and storerooms, and even a fancy upstairs toilet that the two never even knew such an invention existed, were the main features.  The pair had nearly given up when they entered into the last of the upstairs rooms. The room itself was empty expect that in the middle of the room another flight of stairs led upwards.  "These must go into the attic", said Vlax.  "It's got to be up there, we've searched every"...

"Shhhh", blew Calin sharply, cutting him off in mid sentence.  "Listen."  The two listened for a time, then they heard faint noises coming from out of the attic.  It sounded like movement, though vaguely muffled.  It also sounded that the movement they heard was not being caused by just the one individual.

"Sounds like a few of them up there", said Calin.  "Come, this stairways wider than the other, we'll both be able to climb it together."  Vlax agreed with a nod (and a gulp) and the two headed over to the stairway.  Looking up they could see that the room above them was lit well, for instead of being greeted by an inky blackness; light could be seen showing the beams of the roof.

They walked up slowly, now side by side, and ready for anything that could spring down on them.  The stairs made an annoying creak with each step taken and they guessed whatever awaited at the top would have a good chance of hearing their coming.  As they approached the top, they stopped, then both men peeped over the top stair to look into the attic.

The attic was but one room, making it huge compared to the dividing rooms of the two lower floors.  They two found themselves at one end of the attic, looking across the room’s full expanse.  It was completely unfurnished with just a wooden paneled floor and many huge wooden beams holding up the ceiling.  At the very far end of the room, sat in a huge chair made of black wood, with red cushioning, and surrounded by twelve torches mounted on large metal holders. Upon the black chair sat the demon.  He was now no longer in the form of a child, like Calin had described to Vlax.  The demon was now more like a fully grown man, except for the bat wings, hooves, and long snaking tail, and one new feature it had never had before.  Two small thick pointed black horns sprouted from its forehead, giving it the traditional devil look that was common amongst such creatures that roamed the thirteen planes of hell. This, through his teachings, was unheard of to Vlax, for a demon shouldn't possess such a devil like guise. Normally the demons he'd heard of were always grotesque, and usually possessed an inhuman frame, all tentacles, gaping mouths filled with many teeth, crab like claws, blubbery boils that spat out acid, multiple appendages twisted and deformed, were just a few examples of some of the horrors he'd been shown at the academy. This horror however was very man like, with a bare torso that rippled with muscle, and a thick crop of black hair growing down to it's broad blue shoulders. In truth the demon could now be described as being classically handsome!

Around the demon, four young beautiful women stood or sat, attending to it's every whim, whether it be to supply it's golden goblet with more wine, massage it's shoulders, or simply to tell it how magnificent it looked.

Calin recognized two of the women from the village; they were indeed classed as two of the most beautiful women upon the island. Calin personally knowing this to be true from eyeing up the women on his short stay. From what he remembered the women of Pagzuire were particularly to his liking, that said there were always exceptions, and he had found a few that had caught his wandering and mischievous eye.  These two being amongst his prime pickings.

One of the women knelt down in front of the demon and began massaging the huge goat legs, while another straddled the creature, kissing it on the neck and the hideous fanged mouth.  Its black tongue flicked in and out of the young women's mouth as the two watched in disgust.

"The dirty beast!", whispered Vlax to Calin.

"Yeah, what say me and you cut that passion of his off!", replied Calin unstringing the bow he had bought in Beft-Glug from his back.

"Think you can hit him from here?"

Calin gave Vlax no reply as he placed the arrow into the bow, wishing he'd had more time in his past to practice the art of archery.

"Do you think he has seen us?", whispered Vlax.  Calin noticed that the demon seemed to be occasionally looking right at the pair and grinning a wicked grin, showing its large black fangs.  Then the demon got up from out of its chair, knocking the young women who had been sat on him flying to the floor.  It stood nearly seven feet in height, as it swayed from side to side like a cobra waiting to strike.  Calin and Vlax felt something tickle at their minds as if something unwanted tried to seek entrance.  "The demons trying to take control of us!", said Vlax concentrating hard to stop his consciousness from being ripped from him.  The effect on Calin was not as serious, the stones protection being too great for the demons mind games.

Calin released the grip on the shaft of the arrow and it sped towards the demons body.  He had originally aimed for the head but at least the arrow was on target to cause damage.

The demon quickly dodged to the right, but was a touch too slow to avoid the speeding arrow.  The arrow struck the demon in the arm, sticking out of one great bulging bicep.  The demon without taking its eyes from it's two new tormentors, plucked the arrow from it's arm and gave a huge thunderous rolling laugh that vibrated around the room at a deafening and terrifying pitch.  The two watched as black blood flowed out of the wound in the demons arm.  Then the hole began to heal up as the pair stared open eyed, and the flow of black blood became a trickle and then stopped completely. The arm had totally healed itself within a matter of moments.

The demon then spoke; its voice had a calming effect and a commanding quality to it, sounding like a whispered roar.  "Enter my invisible little friends, enter so I may get a better look at my pathetic would be killers." It smiled and beckoned with one of its mighty clawed hands at the two.  Vlax and Calin looked at each other, then nodded, the two climbed up the rest of the stairs to stand in the room with the demon.

"Ah, there you are.", the demon looked at Calin.  "I know you don't I. Yes yes, of course, you're the warrior that caused me no end of trouble in my early days.  That said if I remember correctly, I do have you to thank for freeing me from that horrible man who stuck me in a box. It's nice to meet you again, and I so look forward to eating your heart!"

"Lets shut that big mouth of his up!", whispered Calin out of one side of his mouth to Vlax.

"Wait!", whispered Vlax back at him.  "That last mind blast he hit me with has rocked me a little.  The longer I have to recover the better any bit of magic I have left will be.  Let's bide our time and listen to blue boy jabber on a bit.  Let's face it, sooner or later we'll have to fight anyway and hopefully I may just yet prove useful."

"And this time there's nowhere for him to run!", Calin said to himself under his breadth.

The demon then said:  "Your friend I do not know, a magician by the look of it, though in truth I detect that he's not a very good one. Magician’s hearts are the best of all though; I'll eat yours later when I am feeling more hungry.  At present I’m in the mood for a light snack, so the warriors should prove just right.  But first, before I kill the two of you I would like to introduce myself."

"I was born without a name so I have decided to give myself one.  The two of you when addressing me may call me Fragizian." The demon then bowed.  "The name means Mighty Blue Handsome One, and is a mixture of many different languages.  I’ve mixed Labpreane, Norgon, Zablion, Gell, and my own personal favorite, the dialect of Kosop.  Which, as seeing that your two feeble minds will no doubt have never have heard of, I shall explain.  Kosop is a lost city somewhere in the Southern forests of Set.  There people where said to be mighty warriors and magicians of the highest intellect, respected and admired throughout the world of Oldabrock. Anyway, my tongue does wander a little. But I do think the name describes my brilliance perfectly. Don't the pair of you agree?"

"Right big head, isn’t he!", said Calin.

"Yeah, when you told me before how disgusting he was, I thought you were just on about his appearance. I did not realize that he could make me want to vomit just by listening to all the bile that oozes out that great slimy mouth of his", said a grinning Vlax.

The demon was annoyed; it had taken him over a week to put together the name.  He felt it had power and charm to it, and yet these two little moronic men mocked him.  He was mad!

"Come then you two fools, come get me if you think you can.  Come on!", said the scowling Fragizian, his voice now becoming more roar than whisper.

The demon drew from behind the chair a huge sword with diamonds and emeralds set into the hilt.  For a heartbeat or two, the demon stopped, staring at the jewels as if transfixed by their twinkling beauty.  Calin remembered how he had used jewels before to trap the demon, and went for the same ones still in his belt-pouch.  Pulling them out and holding them up in his hands he shouted to the demon.  "Oy, get a look at these then!"  The demon roared with laughter then said: "Ah yes, that does not quite have the same effect as it had before. You see my power has grown.  If you’re going to get me, then you’re going to have to do much better than that you pathetic little man!"

Calin let around four gold pieces worth of colored glass fall to the floor as he and Vlax closed in on the demon. Only he knew them to be fake and made of glass and for a moment Vlax gave him a look as if to ask if he had gone mad.  Even when their lives were at stake, Vlax still thought of money and made a mental note to himself that if he should survive, those jewels would not be forgotten about.

The women backed away into the farthest corners of the room as the demon waited patiently, gently tossing the huge sword from hand to hand as if it weight was no more than a pollnog’s egg.

Calin then made a sudden dash at the creature, swinging his sword in an ark.  The demon blocked the blow,  then as the two swords met it gave a mighty push that sent Calin hurtling backwards were he banged into one of the torches and fell to the ground.  Instead of following the attack up and finishing Calin off, the demon turned to Vlax who was preparing a simple dizziness spell.  The demon slapped both its hands together then rubbed them ferociously back and fourth while incanting a spell of its own.  Before Vlax had finished his spell, which in all truth he knew would probably not have affected the demon anyway, he was drenched in a shower of silver sparks that fountained out of the demons two palms.  The sparks burned his skin and he quickly covered himself with his thick wolfen cloak to stop the burning.

As Vlax's cloak set alight, the demon turned back to Calin who was getting back up from his fall.  He held in his hand his sword but had let his shield fall from his grasp, were it lay now on the ground.  Instead he held one of his throwing knives and as the demon started laughing, Calin with the flick of his wrist threw the knife, sending it spinning at the demons throat.

The knife struck home and the demon gagged as the blade punctured its windpipe.  Its hand came up and it pulled the blade from it's throat, as it did this another knife hurled by Calin took the creature in the right cheek.  Again the blade was removed and hurled angrily away and Calin watched as the wounds caused by his two blades quickly healed themselves, so all that was left to show that damage had been done was the black blood upon the demons face.

The demon snarled and came at Calin with anger blazing in its eyes; they glowed with hate as it swung the great blade at Calin, trying to slice him in half.  Calin blocked the attack with his own blade, he felt a jolt of power as the two blades met, the demons strength was awesome.  The demon pulled back to deliver another strike at Calin, but again he blocked the attack.  Fortunately the demon in its growth had lost some of it's speed since it had been the child and the baby, and Calin for the time managed to block it's attacks, then he spied an opening of his own and he went for it with his sword.  It was to prove a mistake for Fragizian dodged Calin's attack and left him open to it's own as he lunged at the demons stomach, his blade missing by several inches.

Calin winced in pain as Fragizian's blade sliced across his right shoulder, severing the chainmail and cutting through to the bone.  He then heard a clatter on the floor and he realized that the wound had caused him to drop his sword leaving him defenseless.  Calin then had to duck sharply downwards as Fragizian swung his sword from left to right.  The blade which would have sliced his stomach open if he had reacted a touch slower, whizzed over his back, missing by a mere three inches.  Fragizian saw his chance, Calin was now helplessly ducked down before him, it reached down with its hand, grabbing Calin by the throat, and lifted him upwards.  Calin found himself lifted to his feet and staring straight into the demons serpent eyes.  "Now little man, why can't I squeeze your puny little brain?"  Fragizian looked Calin up and down before spotting the rock on the chain that hung from Calin's neck.  "Urrrggghhh, filthy little thing!", said the demon with a look of disgust on its face.  The demon then grabbed the chain with its other hand and snapped it off from Calin's neck.  Calin was helpless as the great hand crushed at his windpipe and he fought for breath while clawing hopelessly at the demons powerful hand.

The demon held out the stone as if it where something disgusting and dirty.  Calin noticed Fragizian's face as he glared at the stone, for one brief moment he thought he saw fear in the demons eyes.  Then Fragizian let it drop to the floor and turned his attention back to Calin.

With the stone gone from around his neck and the demon staring straight at him, Calin felt Fragizian's power which previously the stone had protected him from.  An unholy fear welled up inside him and he shook uncontrollably as Fragizian smiled at him, before saying: "You know warrior I’m feeling a little hungry.  I think now is a good time to rip out your heart and eat it in front of you!"  The demon reached down with one of it's mighty clawed hands and Calin felt it brush against his chest.

"Stop!", came a voice that Calin recognized from behind Fragizian.  The voice was Vlax's and on hearing it the demon laughed its mighty roar once more and let Calin drop to the floor, releasing him from its iron grip.

The demon sneered as it turned to look at Vlax.  Vlax did look quite a miserable site, with his cloak smoldering, and a large patch of his purple hair burned away to expose some of his scalp.

"Come on then wizard", said Fragizian, "Give me your best shot!"  Vlax sent two of the magic red missiles he had used on the guards flying at the demon.  The missiles did not even scar the flesh of the demon who was now in near hysterics from the attempt just made on it. "HAW HAW… HAR... HAR... HAR… I can cast spells like that too magician... Watch this!" The demon sucked in a mighty breath then breathed out straight at Vlax.


Calin had recovered his senses and had gotten his breath back.  He looked up to see the demons back to him, it was laughing insanely at Vlax who looked scared senseless.  He quickly unstrapped his spear from his back knowing that it would do little damage but he was determined not to die without putting up some kind of fight... Then as he was about to throw, he noticed his snapped chain with the magical stone on it and remembered the expression of disgust and fear that he had seen spread across the demons face as it had held it, dangling from it's claw.


Black fire flowed out of the Fragizian's mouth, straight at Vlax.  It hit him in his left side and sent him hurtling five foot backwards through mid air.  The black fire was icy cold and Vlax was knocked unconscious as the flesh in his side charred from the freezing blast.


Fragizian again laughed, however it felt that the joke that these two men presented was now over, and with it their lives.  It turned once more, this time it would finish off the warrior and let no interruption stop it in doing so.

As it turned it felt a mighty jolt that made it step forward to keep its balance.  Something sharp had stuck itself into its back. Reaching round, it pulled out the spear snapping it in half in front of Calin, who had moments before just thrown it.  The point of the spear had gone into Fragizian's back and left a deep wound which instantly began to heal.  "Now little warrior, your time is at an end. I am sick and fed up now, and all that remains... is .........ackack! Is to...... ARRGGGHHH!!!"

Calin watched as the demon screamed in pain.  Unfortunately for it as it had wrenched out the spear head from its back, the magical stone that Calin had tied around the blade by it's chain, had slipped off as the blade was removed from it's flesh.  It now dwelt some five inches deep in Fragizian's back were the magic of the demons flesh produced an opposite and destructive reaction, whenever the stone touched the magical fleshy tissue.  Calin watched as a thick jet of blue steam poured out of the demons back.  Its face twisted in pain as it's hands went to the hole caused by the spear.  The top part of the flesh had healed itself as the demon clawed at its back, trying to dig its way through its own skin to reach the torturous stone that cooked it from the inside out!

Calin grabbed his sword off the floor and ran at the demon, slashing his blade from side to side, cutting at the demon as it struggled helplessly from the pain in its back.  As it clawed at it's back with the one hand, it held up the other to try and block the blows from Calin. Calin was not bothered where he hit it though, and soon the fingers on the demons hand where sliced clean off.  He followed up with cuts and slashes to the head sending pieces of blue flesh flying everywhere.  As the pieces hit the ground they exploded into small blue flashes of light and made bangs like firecrackers, similar to what the men from the Empire would use when celebrating a special event.

The women who had cowered in the corners now ran over to try and stop Calin, two clawed at his back while another tried to grab his sword arm as it rained down on the helpless demon. The women however were not strong enough, as Calin continued, a man possessed with rage and hate for the creature he was slowly disfiguring upon the floor.

The demon fell backwards and for a moment it was released from Calin's blows. It was but a short respite, as a moment later Calin once more loomed over it, his sword raised above his head ready to strike more blows.  The demon kicked out with one of its giant hooves catching Calin in the stomach.  The force from the blow winded him and knocked him backwards were he landed upon two of the women.  In a way he was lucky for had the kick had been a couple of inches higher, it would have connected with his ribs and the force would have been enough to buckle them inwards.

He struggled with the women as he got to his feet, as they tried to pull him back down, punching two of them hard in the face, then headbutting another, and throwing the last one aggressively to one side.  Time was short and this was no time to show any kind of sympathy, or hold any kind of moral stance,  for any who stood now within his path. Even if they had been hypnotized by the demon and where women, he knew that if he did not continue his onslaught, then these women would no doubt die at some future point as well.


Fragizian's flesh was starting to bubble around the stone as Calin once more closed in.  It was now too weak to try and stop him, even too weak to try and claw the stone from it's back.

Again the blade came, down and down upon the demon. Great gaping holes had been cut all over it, and the black blood that flowed formed a small lake around it as it oozed out from its body.  The end would come very soon!

As Calin continued to slash at the body of the creature, he heard cries from below, men screaming the name of their master... "Fragizian. Hold on master. We're coming!"

Then loud footfalls were on the stairs and over eight guards charged into the attic and headed straight towards Calin with their swords drawn.

Calin looked down at the body of the demon, it's eye's still rolled in it's now unrecognizable head.  Then he spied a hole that showed a part of the brain of the demon.  Placing the tip of his sword into the hole, he pushed it down into the green brain.  The guards stopped on the spot, then all screamed in agony before collapsing to the ground unconscious.

Calin looked down at the eyes of the demon.  This time they did not move and he knew the demon who had called itself Fragizian was dead!


Calin stopped to catch his breath, and then went over to the chair to sit down and rest his aching limbs.  He breathed a deep sigh.  The attic was now lit properly by the torches, revealing all clearly in the room.  The freezing cold that had hung in the air had also gone as the demon had died. And now because of all the burning flame as the torches spluttered back to normal, the room began to slowly warm.

All around him bodies littered the floor, most where unconscious or starting to recover from the enchantment that had been placed upon them.  What remained of the demon was slowly disintegrating into a pile of black and blue mush, and as the carcass smoldered down it produced a greenish-blue smoke that smelt of disease, death and failure.  Then he remembered Vlax.

Quickly he got up out of the chair and ran to where Vlax lay face down on the ground.  Turning him over he found he was still alive, though he could not see at the moment how bad the wound in Vlax's side was.  Then Vlax opened his eyes slightly and spoke, his voice weak and quivering:  "Calin, you’re alive my friend."

"Yes. Now be still." said Calin as he inspected the wound.

"The demon!", said Vlax a little louder than before and with a touch of panic to it.

"Don't worry I got him, now lie still and let me see how badly wounded you are."

"I’m afraid it doesn’t look too good for me friend.  That big blue son of a scrag got me with a good'un!  And you telling me he was only knee high."  Vlax then took a deep breadth, and said:  "Never let me be forgotten Calin, let the story of how a young wizard sacrificed his life to save a village of good, kind people, be spread throughout the Kingdom.  Do this one thing for me friend.  Promise me. Grant a dying man's last wish for him."

Calin stood up with a large grin on his face.  He then proceeded to give Vlax a gentle kick in his side were the demons black fire had hit him.  (Though when a man’s wearing steel-toe-capped boots, and has just done battle with an evil rarely seen, the gentleness of the kick was questionable!)

"Get up you soft tart!", said Calin laughing.  "It's but a scratch."

Vlax got slowly to his feet, cursing Calin as he did.  "Come", said Calin.  "Let's see if there's any pubs left open in this bloody demon infested town.  I feel like getting drunk!"

"Here here", said Vlax and the two headed off together on a new adventure: The quest for alcohol.  The battle with the demon would prove to be just the beginning of the two's adventures together.


THE END


