On Heroes: A Foible

Susan Skylark

Copyright 2014 Susan Skylark
Smashwords Edition
Revised 2019




This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to an authorized retailor and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


This is a foible, not a fable, fables are by definition useful and educational, this story is merely enjoyable, or so thinks the author.

Table of Contents:

The Story
Other Books by this Author
Sample Chapters

On Heroes: A Foible

Aido had been an under-clerk for the Department of Prophecy Amelioration for over a decade, and at last he was about to embark on his first undercover investigation.  He had been in training for years: working out, perfecting his combat techniques, learning to procure and prepare ‘wild food,’ studying old maps and forgotten languages, familiarizing himself with the prophetic writings of every culture, real or imagined, learning the arts of healing, riding, and woodcraft, and only shaving every third day.  Finally, his superiors had decided that he was ready to be promoted to the rank of Investigator for the Sub-department of Hero Isolation and Containment.  He happily walked over to the Repository of Draught and Riding Beasts to procure his very own work vehicle; hopefully something in a blood bay with a little spirit, but that was asking far too much, after all, his was a bureaucratic position.  
At least he was not assigned the riding ox or the donkey that would only go left, regardless of whether you asked him to stop, turn, or back up.  He took the reins from the bored looking kid who worked the desk and looked over his new wheels skeptically; it had four legs at least, that was a start.  The sorrel coat would blend in with every other horse on the planet, which was far from exciting, but perhaps being inconspicuous would be an advantage in the field.  It would get him where he needed to go in an efficient manner and that was all the Department cared about.  He sighed and led the beast out of the Repository and parked it in the loading area before going to retrieve the rest of his equipment.
If the horse wasn’t exciting, maybe his weapons allotment would be.  Aido stood in line for what seemed hours as a fusty old lady pottered about behind the counter of the Dispensary of Potentially Lethal Implements, adjusting her glasses and scratching her head in confusion every third second.  Finally his turn came and he handed over the paperwork requisitioning what he would need for his field investigation.  She stared at him blankly, blinked a few times like a confused chicken, and then after a few minutes of silence, said, “you will have to come back after the Midday Ingestion Break, Investigator.  You know it is against Regulations for me or anyone else to do any sort of Official Business between the hours of Twelve and Thirteen.”
He stared at her in astonishment, not believing it was already that late in the day and dreading the thought of more delay, but there was nothing to be done.  If either of them were caught working over the Break, the results would be catastrophic.  He said something inconsequential and made his way to the Room of Edible Procurement and then returned to the Dispensary to wait, finding that he had lost his place in line.  He sat down with a sigh and tried not to weep in frustration.  Finally, just before the Afternoon Refreshment Period, he was allowed to get his allotment of PLIs.  Like the horse, there was nothing at all interesting about the assortment of weapons, but at least they were functional.
Quite nervous that he would not be able to leave today after all, he hurried to the Division of Wardrobe Affairs to outfit himself for his new role and thankfully arrived after the Refreshment Period.  He stared glumly at the bundle of clothing, knowing it looked like it was supposed to but that the material and craftsmanship would not hold up if he encountered any weather that was not sunny and warm.  The middle-aged clerk watched his reaction carefully, with a slight sneer on his face, saying as he saw Aido’s dismay, “don’t blame me, we have limited time to make the stuff and whoever bought the material got a great deal on it, though I wouldn’t use it for rags, but it ain’t my fault.”  
Aido sighed again and left with his allocation of lousy clothes.  Finally, with the sun low on the horizon, he returned to his nondescript horse to pack and be gone, but it took him another half hour to figure out which of the eight sorrel geldings in the loading area was his.  When he finally identified the beast, he almost turned right around and demanded his old job back, for there was a parking ticket tucked into the creature’s bridle.  He glanced at the sign, thirty minute parking indeed!  He loaded the saddlebags and swung into the saddle.  With a grim smile, he crumpled up the fine and tossed it over his shoulder and then urged his horse to a trot before anything else could delay him.
He stood outside the Edifice of Monetary Exchange and wanted to scream.  He needed to make a withdrawal from the Department’s account to finance his journey but the facility was closed and would not open again for three days, as it was an Obscure Holiday Weekend (Foot Fungus Awareness Day).  Aido could not wait that long or his superiors would demand to know why he was so inefficient in his duties.  He had no choice but to hope there was a branch Edifice in one of the villages through which he would undoubtedly pass.  He turned his mediocre beast and made his way out of the city.
Darkness had fallen, forcing him to pull over for the night.  He glanced about hopefully, but there was no sign of either an Approved Nocturnal Repose Sight or a House of Temporary Accommodation for Wayfarers.  He could get in trouble for camping in an unapproved fashion but it was a risk he would have to take, and with the mood he was in, he was quite ready to defy any and every regulation he could think of.  He even built a fire without a permit from the Incendiary Activity Coordinator and used wood without asking leave of the Arboreal Comptroller.  The cheery blaze revealed a sardonic smile on the face of the Investigator as he rethought the day and began to wonder at his previous eagerness for this assignment.
He had always been as much a stickler for the rules as any petty bureaucrat could be, but after all the headaches and frustration of the day, he began to wonder at his previous zeal for such stipulations.  With these uneasy thoughts on his mind, he turned over and tried to sleep in as unregulated a fashion as possible.  The birds awoke far earlier than any sensible regulatory body or department could fathom, a challenge the Avian Affairs Agency was still trying to bring under control, but the small, feathered fiends just would not submit to their authority, though fines and imprisonment had all been tried, alas to no avail.  Aido was glad there was something in the Universe that had as yet defied regulation, and even more grateful that he would be up and on his way long before the lackeys of the Thoroughfare Safety and Compliance Administration were abroad.  His more sensible side began to regret his rashness with the parking ticket, but another part of him laughed mercilessly at the part that fretted over such a trifling matter.  He gathered up his gear, mounted his horse, and continued on his way.
It was just the sort of day to prolong the usefulness of his standard issue substandard clothing and his heart rejoiced in the beauty of the morning, quite insensible that he was violating at least nine subparagraphs of the Modern Aesthetic Code, which frowned upon such natural splendor and the enjoyment thereof, rather preferring the appreciation of the far more grotesque and grim (not to mention more financially lucrative) products of the modern writers, musicians, and painters.  But what did this mere underling know of High Culture and the Finer Things of Life?  He rode along amongst the bucolic charm all about him, content in his ignorance.  The plain old horse jogged along indifferent to the countryside about him, and therefore quite obviously a lover of Fine Things and of a higher social order than his master.  They came to a sizable market town that afternoon and Aido hoped to make a successful withdrawal from his work account to finance the remainder of his mission, else the paperwork to obtain a reimbursement of his expenditures would take the rest of his mortal days to accomplish.
He stopped before the newest, and ugliest, building in town, certain that it must be what he sought.  It was, but like every other public institution, it was also closed in observance of an Official Obscure Holiday Weekend.  Apparently his work related expenditures would have to be passed on to his children as an inheritance, as he would not live long enough to be reimbursed.  He sighed and urged the beast out of town before he started screaming in frustration and risked being locked away as a lunatic or a disturber of the peace.  Aido rode on for another hour before stopping alongside a happy creek, where he decided to take a break from his saddle and water his highly efficient mode of transportation.
He mused upon his assignment and its futility as he leaned on the bridge railing and watched the gladsome water frolic in its stony channel below.  He wished his life could be as happy and careless as that unceasing flow.  Another day of riding would bring him to his destination, perhaps his previous enthusiasm would then return once he was truly doing what he had always dreamt of doing one day, and for which he had spent his entire life preparing.  With a heavy sigh he climbed back into his saddle, knowing chances were very good that only his loathing would grow in the days to come, for his heart had grown cold towards his first and only love.  He rode on, wondering what he was riding towards, or perhaps more correctly, what he was trying to escape.
He passed through several small villages while the day lasted, each with its own Regulation Stopping Place, but he ignored them and rode on, enjoying the illicit thrill of thwarting the over-regulation under which he had so happily toiled his entire life.  Thankfully it was a Holiday Weekend, else he might not have made it through the first village without being apprehended by the local constabulary for his various heinous crimes against humanity and the world in general, to say nothing about the discarded traffic citation.  He rode on through more and more villages, each more forgettable than the last, laid out in the precise pattern required by the Zoning Commission of Outlying Settlements.
He camped again in an unregulated fashion before rising on the Official Obscure Holiday and rode into Happytown in time for the Midday Ingestion Break.  He glanced around uneagerly at yet another cookie cutter village and sighed, but he had work to do.  He entered the Requisite Lodging and Nourishment Establishment for Transients, the only place open on an Official Obscure Holiday, and allowed the flighty teenaged hostess to seat him in the nearly empty common dining area, and acknowledged that he would gladly consume the Daily Balanced and Nutritious Repast.  She returned with the unassuming concoction in a bowl and set a mug of some viscous purplish-green liquid before him that smelled of aged turnips and old socks, which immediately killed what little appetite he had.
As he was staring balefully at his inedible Repast, a man with a knowing look in his eyes seated himself beside the Investigator and smiled knowingly at him.  Said the newcomer without preamble, “you work for the Feds, don’t you.”  It was not a question.  
Aido looked up in surprise, but did not deny it, saying, “what gave me away?”  
The man’s smile grew knowing indeed, “anyone dressed in cloth of that poor a make must either be destitute or a government employee.”  He laughed in derision, “my brother is a fabric merchant and makes a handsome living by selling such pathetic material by the square acre to lackeys in the Department of Acquisition and Distribution of Necessary Consumables.  He makes more per yard from that flimsy stuff than he does selling the finest material available to the Great Lords.”  
Aido smiled ironically, “that does not surprise me in the least.”  
Said the stranger, “so what are you doing here?  Obviously you are here on Official Unofficial Business else you’d be in a Right and Proper Uniform.”  
Said Aido warmly, “I am here to discover if any Heroes might be budding in Happytown.  Certain of the Prophecies hint at just such an Occurrence in the very near future.”  
The man laughed, “trying to thwart Prophecy again, are they?  Will you people ever realize there are just some things government cannot control?”
Aido stared at his regulation soup in dismay, “that I highly doubt.”  
Said the man eagerly, “so just what happens if you discover said Hero?”  
Aido said dryly, “we offer him a great government job.  If he declines that, then he gets to attend Mandatory Reeducation Sessions for the Socially Dysfunctional and will inevitably end up committing suicide, excuse me, I mean he will choose Elective Self Annihilation.”  
“Lovely,” said his companion, “you people have a title for everything!”  
Aido smiled wryly, “the Department of Nomenclature is the biggest division of the government.”  He glanced around furtively and said, “I would rather get out of this line of work.  The sooner the better.”  
The stranger brightened, “with that I may be of assistance.”  He continued with an amused smile, “are you aware that you are a fugitive?”  
Aido frowned, “I was not aware that it was Official, but it would not surprise me, though it is an Obscure Holiday.  The parking fine?”  
The stranger laughed, “you didn’t?!”  
Aido caught his amusement and nodded, “I carelessly tossed it aside.”  He then whispered, “among other vicious crimes.”  
The stranger smiled deeply, “then I will gladly aid your disappearance.  We criminals must stick together.  Come!”  They stood silently, heartlessly leaving the inedible fodder on the table and a less than standard tip for the Hostess.
As they walked inconspicuously down the street, Aido noticed several posters bearing his face and emblazoned with directions for his immediate apprehension.  They continued their steady, unhurried progress (so as not to draw attention) and turned down a smaller lane that apparently vanished into the neatly managed coppice behind the village.  Eventually the Regulation Side Path crossed the threshold into the Unregulated and Semi-wild Wooded Area and became as unmanaged as the forest through which it wound.  They continued on in silence for nearly an hour, and only when they felt themselves truly alone and unobserved did the stranger finally speak, “so what has prompted your flight from Order, my friend?”  
Aido laughed, “I set out with every good intention of fulfilling my orders but it seemed at every turn there was a governmentally imposed hindrance to me accomplishing my task or even surviving for an hour without unneeded frustration and complication.  That and the ride out here gave me plenty of time to consider life and the lack of meaning therein.”  
The stranger smiled broadly, “welcome to the first day of a purposeful life my friend!  I am called Gunyon and am a member of the Freemen for Commonsense.”  
Aido grinned, “that sounds like something birthed in the Department of Nomenclature.”  
Gunyon laughed, “it was, we social rebels had not yet got around to naming our pathetic little society and the guys over at Nomenclature could not abide having such an as yet unnamed group running at large, so they came up with a name for us.”
“Just what does this society of yours do?” asked Aido as they trekked deeper into the confines of the wood.  
Gunyon shrugged, “we really haven’t accomplished much of anything yet.  We started only a few months ago as a small group of annoyed citizens who occasionally met to grouse about too much Order over Tea.  Of course our Tea Time was not considered the Official Hour for Consuming Brewed Beverages, so the authorities soon started to take notice.  We each received a rather nasty letter, in triplicate of course, indicating that we had best mend our ways or there would be Dire Consequences.”  
“What did you do?” asked Aido, both amused and aghast.  
Gunyon smiled, “we went underground of course.  On the outside we are just monotonous citizens but when no one is looking...” he paused for effect, “we each of us are rather disorderly and unique.”  
“Your crimes far outweigh mine, sir,” said Aido, with a respectful bow.  
Gunyon smiled in anticipation, “but you have hardly begun to rebel my friend.  I think you could make quite a career of it.”  For the first time since he left his old life behind, Aido felt the first stirrings of eagerness and what he was startled to realize must be hope.
Once Aido was completely confused as to direction and the hour, they stood outside an old fashioned but well tended cottage with only a few unofficial weeds daring to show their leaves in the otherwise regulation vegetable patch.  Aido said in appreciation, “how do you get away with keeping up such a residence?”  
Gunyon smiled, “the Inspectors for the Regulatory Authority of Domiciles and Outbuildings are loath to travel this far off the beaten path to make sure my house is up to code.  I don’t tell them anything and they don’t ask; it is a mutually beneficial relationship.”  They stabled the horse in an old lean-to that had once housed a cow, but Gunyon had not bothered to go through the rigmarole required to acquire a new one after the decease of his previous beast.  They entered the cottage and Gunyon’s wife happily served them a brewed beverage outside the requisite hours.  As they sipped their tea, they discussed many things and Aido felt himself enjoying life and real companionship for the first time in living memory.  
“So what about this Hero of yours?” asked Gunyon, as he munched on his fifteenth cucumber sandwich.  
Aido said with a mouthful of cookie, “what about him?”  
Gunyon said, “what makes The Powers That Be think one is like to rise from such a place as Happytown?”  
Aido swallowed his cookie and said, “the name alone would suffice, but there are certain vague writings from an extinct people group native to the very south of the world that suggests as much, but as I said, the Prophecy is vague and it could be any of ten or twenty different villages and this may not even be the Appointed Time.  That is the problem with Prophecy, it is often rather vague and fulfills itself often without us knowing until long after the fact.  But just to be on the safe side, they are taking all precautions.”  
“How do you go about finding a Hero?” asked Gunyon with a smile.  
Aido chewed thoughtfully for a moment and then replied, “we will of course monitor all known widows with only sons, step-families containing an ill-tempered woman, orphans raised by obscure or cruel relatives, and anyone who has ever found a child of unknown pedigree on their doorstep.  Of course the current management strategy for all such High Risk Families has been implemented to prevent just such an occurrence.  None of these Families at High Risk of Hero Production or Prophecy Fulfillment are left to go hungry, become poor, or otherwise grow discontent with their lot in life.  If there is no discontent or need, or so the theory goes, there is unlikely to be a Hero produced or a Prophecy fulfilled.”
“An interesting theory,” said Gunyon as he chewed, “has it worked?”  
Aido shrugged his shoulders, “before my promotion to Investigator I worked mostly in the Laboratory of Statistics and Numerical Data which compiles numbers on Everything, even on things that have no numerical data, but there was very little convincing evidence that any of their preventive protocols either helped or hindered Prophecy/Hero attainment.  In reality, such occurrences are so rare that it would take a millennium to get enough data to even begin calculating whether their programs are effective or not.  Of course, no one really cares if a bureaucracy is effective so long as it seems to be doing something.”  
Gunyon chewed on this revelation and another sandwich, before saying, “can we improvise our own Hero?”  
Aido sat back and said thoughtfully, “it certainly isn’t done that way, at least if you are going by the Book, but I am so tired of ‘The Book of All Regulations Pertaining to Decent and Orderly Civilian Life’ that I think we should, just to spite them all!”  
Gunyon nodded, “very well, we will.”
They stayed up much of the night (quite against the Treaty on Reasonable and Necessary Nocturnal Activities) discussing their plans to implement a Hero and/or fulfill a Prophecy.  As they made up their lists, discussed necessary attributes, and inventoried equipment, Aido said in surprise, “it seems my training to prevent Hero actualization has actually equipped me with all of the requisite skills.”  
Gunyon smiled, “and out of Happytown a Hero shall rise.  Prophecy fulfilled!  Excellent!  Now all we need is a ragtag band of followers and we shall be ready to shake the Pillars of Order.”  
Aido said hopefully, “your company of so-called Freemen?”  
Gunyon shook his head, “a few might be interested or willing to assist in our caper, but we need the seediest, most scandalous, and underrated band of cutthroats this world can supply.”  
Aido nodded, “ah, you suggest a raid on the Facility for the Containment of Socially Awkward Individuals.”  Gunyon smiled in anticipation of what was to come.
They went to bed and slept well into the day (violating the Compact on Acceptable Awakenings) and after a scrumptious breakfast that had nothing whatsoever to do with the Highly Recommended and Otherwise Required Guidelines for Food Preparation and Consumption, they went about plotting their raid.  They made their way out of the forest in the twilight, knowing no true government official would bother being out of doors at that hour.  They stayed overnight with another Freeman who lived on the far border of the forest and set out before first light the next morning.  For three days they traveled as far and hard as they could each day without risking exposure by too much exertion.  They arrived outside the Facility of CSAI in time for the Afternoon Refreshment Period and had to wait for admittance until the Guard for Security and Safety had finished his allotted Refreshment.  The bored and disgruntled looking man in his fading years studied their paperwork, stared at them, returned to the paperwork, whistled tunelessly, and then resumed staring at them.  Finally he said in irritation, “seems like everything is in order Investigator, you may proceed with your prisoner.”  
Gunyon nodded grimly and touched Aido in the small of the back with his swordpoint, grumbling, “move along, scum.”  They both contained an exuberant smile that their subterfuge was working so well, of course it helped that Aido was truly an Investigator with a real Department and that Gunyon was a renowned scribe who could copy, forge, or create any document or handwriting desired.
As Aido was by now a well-known criminal, it was quite reasonable to present him as the newest inmate of the Facility.  They wound deeper into the complex, passing each checkpoint and guard station with ease until they were in the very heart of the detention area.  The day was wearing out as they passed the last checkpoint and Gunyon asked after the keys, that he might lock up his captive for the night.  The guard yawned and said, “it is one minute to close pal, whatever you do afterhours is no concern of mine but I won’t be held liable for overtime.  Take the keys, I’m going home.”  He handed over the gigantic key ring and left for the night, leaving the pair alone with the inmates.  
It took several hours to free the captives, as there were countless keys to try in each lock, but finally the prisoners were loose and they began discussing strategy.  It was an easy matter to capture the skeleton crew that guarded the facility at night and lock them up in the prisoners’ stead.  It was many months before the incarcerated guards were able to convince the morning crew that they had been illegally detained, but finally the paperwork made it through all the proper channels and the guards were released with only a severe scolding.  The morning crew thought it odd that the number and faces of the prisoners had changed overnight but as there was no official paper trail on the matter, no one wanted to get in trouble or take responsibility, so nothing was said about it until the proper paperwork was completed, by which time our Heroes were long since gone.
Most of the detainees went home, as there were far too many of them to go a’questing, but there were half a dozen that stayed to help.  Aido studied their motley crew with appreciation; here were rebels indeed.  One man had green hair that clashed with his favorite purple shirt, another really liked liver and onions, there was a lady who was overly fond of cats, Robert insisted on being called Bob, there was a repeat jaywalker (crosswalks hadn’t been invented yet), and a man who had accidentally cut the tags off of a mattress he did not own.  Few were the criminals in the realm more vile than these, let The Powers That Be tremble, for the Shakers of Empire had emerged (yes, the Nomenclature people are at it again).  They easily made their way out of the Containment Facility, after raiding the parking garage and locker room for their own personal benefit, and went out to, well, shake the Empire.
So how do eight people make an Empire tremble and bring an overbearing bureaucracy to its knees?  Easy!  Destroy the Paperwork, for if it does not exist on paper, it does not exist, at least in a bureaucracy.  So off they went, to interfere with the lifeblood of this bungling, lumbering giant and who better to aid them than the Minions of Government themselves.  Aido thought the tree obsessed people over at the Arboreal Comptroller would be just the folks to get on their side, for if it were well nigh impossible to get paper, one could not have paperwork, and no paperwork meant no bureaucracy.  So our zany friends arrayed themselves in varicolored splendor and did not bath or shave for several weeks.  Once they appeared to be quite friendly with the earth and all therein, they wandered over to the Main Office of the Arboreal Comptroller and made their plea.  The Administrative Assistant was quite perplexed by these hippy-wannabes and did the only thing possible in a confusing or overwhelming situation: she delegated.  So it was that they passed from one office to another, from one flunky’s hands to a lackey down the hall.  Finally they arrived in the Office of the Arboreal Comptroller himself and happily extolled their plan of saving the nation’s precious forests from the horrid fate of wanton waste and negligence that was rampant throughout the realm.  The man nodded, ordered his personal aides to present themselves, and soon interrogated them as to the abuse of the obviously vanishing woodlands.
The minions agreed to the last man (what else are minions for?) that there was certainly a problem and only Drastic and Instantaneous Action could preserve some small scrap of the once great forests from total annihilation.  One went so far as to proclaim that his son’s third grade science teacher had complained the other day that they seemed to be cutting down too many trees lately, at least more than she remembered as a girl.  This smote the hearts of all those listening sore and even lent scientific credence to the Theory of Arboreal Apocalypse.  The Comptroller had heard enough; he would act immediately.  
The Service for the Collection and Distribution of Information: Useful and Otherwise, was summoned to report on this horrifying discovery and soon the whole nation was in a near panic at looming paper shortages, rampant deforestation, and the resulting air pollution, acid rain, and erosion that would no doubt make the entire world uninhabitable for at least a thousand years, give or take an Officially Obscure Holiday.  So it was that Drastic Measures were taken and the forests were saved and the masses appeased.  Paper became scarce and terribly expensive until someone decided to import it from less prudent nations, thus restoring paper to the peasantry.  Of course, during the paper shortage the entire government collapsed due to lack of paperwork and most of its officials were forced to seek sanctuary in the nation’s universities and on the professional speaking circuit, where they remain to this day.
While the economy suffered a grievous recession in the public sector, private industry and productivity flourished (even without paper) as never before, and for the first time in history, people without a government job could actually make a living.  Eventually things settled down, paper was restored to the nation, and the government returned, but in a more modest and humble form, which was the only kind now acceptable to the temporarily freed plebs who, once drunk with the wine of freedom, would not again taste of the moonshine of bureaucracy.  As for our heroes, each was honored with his or her own Official Obscure Holiday but after the Paper Revolution, only the Service for the Distribution of Written Communications officially observed said Holidays, but then, no government is perfect!



Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog


Chapter Sample of The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I:

Long ago, when the world was young and men still walked in innocence, an ancient king made an alliance with the terrible god of war.  In exchange for the life of his maiden daughter, he would receive power to conquer all the kingdoms of men and have dominion over all mortal lives.  The night was dark with neither star nor moon giving light or hope to those who gathered upon the face of that forbidden hill to commence with their evil deed.  The king had gathered all of his generals and advisors to stand as witnesses.  The girl was brought forward and the hood removed from her head.  A single tear rolled down her cheek as she stared with pleading eyes into the cold and remorseless depths of her father’s eyes.  She saw neither love nor regret there, only a thirst for power beyond the reach of mortal ken.  He drew forth a cruel knife from a sheath of black leather.  Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him.  He approached the girl with a cruel and mirthless smile and raised the blade to strike.
He was thrown back from the girl and blinded by a cold light, and all standing around the pair fell to the ground in fear.  Like a bolt of lightning, a bright and terrible figure stood between the man and his prey.  The king regained his footing with a sneer and a triumphant laugh.  “You have no authority here,” he scoffed, “be gone before I become violent.”  
The light receded slightly and those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow.  The figure reared up on its hind legs and pawed the air.  He appeared in the form of a horse but with the awe reserved for a charging bull or roaring lion.  Then he spoke, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the figure.  
“What can you possibly offer me,” growled the king with the light of avarice in his eyes.
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the mysterious figure.  
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the figure.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the figure.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” roared the figure.  He swept the child onto his back and as the light disappeared over the rim of the hill called back, “in one hour I shall return.”

For a time the girl clung silently to the back of her rescuer but as the horror of what she had so nearly escaped sunk in she began to sob uncontrollably.  “Do not weep little one,” said the figure, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he softly.  A sense of immense peace fell upon the girl and dried her tears.  Shortly, they approached a small cottage by the edge of a little stream that chattered invisibly in the night.  A woman emerged from the door and wrapped a blanket around the quivering form of the girl.  She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house.  The girl fell into bed and knew no more that night.  The woman stared into the darkness, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Within the hour agreed upon, the figure returned to that forsaken hilltop.  His light was dimmed to the slight flickering of a dying candle.  He stood before the men with a drooping head but a righteous fire blazed in his eyes.  The king laughed him to scorn, drew his blade, and approached the apparently cowed creature.  Steel flickered in the light as the blade struck home.  The light dimmed and went out.  As if from a vast distance, a great wailing cry rent the night, as if the earth itself had been mortally wounded by the blow.  A wind came howling out of the west and clouds blotted out the sky.  Darkness engulfed the world, lightning flashed in the heavens, and thunder rolled as if all creation reared up in fury at the atrocity that had occurred.  The hill itself began to roll like a wave on the sea and split in two.  The men were thrown from their feet and retreated in confusion and fear from the horror before them.  Their horses reared and snorted, broke loose, and disappeared into the storm.  
“What have you done!” roared one general over the wind.  “
I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  A panic spread among them and all fled into the darkness.

The next morning, the girl rode up the accursed hill hoping to find some trace of her rescuer.  She found the vile blade broken in two, but no sign of the mysterious glowing figure.  She dismounted and peered with dismay into the gaping chasm that had once been the heart of the hill.  “What is it you seek?” asked a voice behind her.  
With a shriek of pure joy she flung her arms around the figure that now stood at her shoulder, glowing like the sun.  “You are alive!” she said.  
“Yes,” said he simply.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure you had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
“My life cannot be taken against my will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down my life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood offered willing in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.  Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, even his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate evil and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
The girl fell sobbing at his feet, feeling in herself the dreadful truth she had just heard spoken.  It was as if something inside her had been torn or ripped away and she was left with a gaping hole, much like the defiled face of the hill.  Looking up into his eyes, she said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said he, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose you?” she asked hesitantly.  
A smile crept over his face and the whole hillside seemed to laugh with joy.  “Of course,” he said.  “After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  
The girl ran over to the horse which had strayed and was happily nibbling at weeds upon the far side of the hill.  She led the beast towards the figure.  The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared, trying to avoid the glowing figure before him.  “Do not be afraid my simple beast,” said the figure, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The figure turned his side towards the girl and for the first time she saw the gaping wound in his side.  From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood.  She gasped in horror and drew back.  “Do not be afraid,” he said, “this is the price of last night’s adventure.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of my blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  Hesitantly the girl complied.  Almost reverently she poked a finger into the sliver stream and placed a drop of the precious fluid into the horse’s mouth.  
An indignant snort was followed by a blinding flash.  She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn.  The sorrel coat had become white as the snow; wisdom and fire were in his once placid and simple eyes.  Cloven hooves of silver had replaced his single hooves of grey.  A silver horn protruded proudly from his forehead.  He shook his head in disgust a few times and looked with dismay at the girl and the glowing figure.  
“Remove his bit,” laughed the figure.  The girl complied and the unicorn seemed much happier.  “Now it is your turn,” said he.  The girl looked with shock and disgust at the gaping hole in the figure’s side and turned pleading eyes to his.  “If you really wish to serve me, you must taste of my blood,” he said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to me and my purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in doing so you are also swearing to serve me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  
She nodded and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her.  A deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal mind blossomed in her heart.  She had changed as much as the horse.  
“Now,” said the figure,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once my greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant me as The Master of All.  He was banished from my presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made little progress in his war against me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from me seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war a war that has raged since before the world began, there can be no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of all things, but I have given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose the evil I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.   It is up to you, and those like you: my servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be great heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to my enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final day, you are all that stands between the world and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for me and try to fill the gap with all sorts of vain things.  You must tell them the truth of what you have seen.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by my blood it can be healed.”
The girl had been held spellbound by the tale.  The light around the figure dimmed a little, just enough so that she could make out his full form.  She had glimpsed a horse-like figure last night and this morning, but now saw him fully, as if a fog had lifted.  He was similar to the unicorn standing at her shoulder, but taller and more terrible; his horn and hooves were of gold and he glowed with the very light of the sun. 
“Your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of my servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world but I will be found by those who seek me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  With that he seemed to glow brighter and as the sun topped the head of the hill, vanished into the blinding rays.

Sample Chapters of ‘Shadow of the Unicorn,’ the first in the ‘In Shadow,’ series:

1

Jace stood upon the battlements, staring, though unseeing, out upon the bleak grey landscape of the failing year ere snow covered and softened the weary land for its winter repose.  Leaden clouds lowered ominously on the horizon while a mournful wind moaned pitiably in the half completed towers of the grotesque fortress; the river passed sullenly by without comment, preoccupied with its looming icy imprisonment.  Though only partially complete, the grim fortress was already falling to ruin, as were the souls who lingered therein.  The place was hardly cheerful, even upon a bright morning of spring, and was at its most dismal ere the first snows of winter, but it was not the weather that brought the boy out to pace the battlements upon such a dreary day, rather he had much to contemplate and none of it good.  His patched cloak flapped wildly in the wind but he little noticed, for his thoughts were just as unruly.  His grandfather, a nobleman displaced by war, had laid the foundations of this ruin and his father had further built up the fortress after its founder’s untimely death, but the family fortune had run out long before the project was finished, so it moldered in half-completed splendor while its occupants dwelt ever in the shadow of poverty and isolation, and now it seemed, madness as well.
Jace’s father was but a boy when war forced the family to flee with what they could salvage of their wealth.  The patriarch was determined to start anew in a strange land, much to the dismay of the locals, but they were a rather peaceful folk and he began his project without asking their permission, and as they were notorious for their willingness to forgive, the project continued despite their misgivings.  But tragedy struck the third winter the family spent in their new home, for both of Jace’s grandparents died of pneumonia within a fortnight of one another, leaving their son, still very much a boy, alone in the grim fortress with only a few faithful servants and guards that had accompanied the family in its flight, for they trusted no one in this strange land, least of all those of common descent.  But the boy was not crushed by his loss, but rather was as determined, perhaps more so, than his father to finish the project and become a veritable lord in this strange land, the protests of the original inhabitants aside.
Construction continued slowly as the boy grew to manhood and the family fortune dwindled, but surely the son of a nobleman might make a proper match and thereby reinvigorate his fortune as well as perpetuate his line.  So it was that Jace’s father went a-courting and soon came home with his beautiful and captivating bride, the very picture of a wealthy lady, but only a picture, for though of noble blood, her family was as destitute as that of her new husband, though neither had thought to broach the subject before their marriage, assuming the other was indeed as rich as they portrayed themselves to be.  The truth came out very soon after Jace was born; the ensuing fight was the stuff of legend, at least if you believe the tales told in after years by the aging servants, but in the end, the lady fled, leaving her infant son and husband to fend for themselves.  The man looked coldly upon the boy, who was so like his mother in form and feature that he could not help but despise him.  He turned his back on the child, stared stonily at the open door out which his wife had fled, and then withdrew to his own chambers.  Had one of the few remaining servants not taken pity upon the poor creature, he likely would not have survived infancy.
The man seemed indifferent to the fate of his son, pretending that he did not even exist and focusing all his time, thought, and energy on his project instead, but there was no money to pay workmen or buy stone and timber, so the man had to do everything himself.  Only two servants remained of the few that had fled with the family, lingering on out of faithfulness and because they had nowhere else to go, for their lord had long since ceased to pay them.  The old housekeeper did the cooking, looked after the domestic side of things, and was the only mother the boy ever knew.  The other was an aging guardsman who had taken on the duties of butler, valet, and jack-of-all-trades; it was he that taught the boy what little he knew of reading and more importantly, to his mind at least, the sword.  The rest of the lad’s education was left to what he could glean from the few books that lay forgotten around the fortress and what the housekeeper could impart in the form of old stories as she wandered about the keep seeing to her myriad duties.
As the boy neared manhood, at last his father took a modicum of interest in him, but whether it was due to some newly realized desire for kith and kin in his fading years or because his rheumatism forced him to abandon his fortress building activities, none knew.  But one day the master of the ruin summoned the lad into his chambers, where he sat in relative splendor in a fraying robe with a moth-eaten velvet chair for a throne.  Upon the lad’s entrance, the man studied him as he might a horse he had a mind to buy.  After several minutes of dreadful silence, the man said at last, “what do they call you boy?”
The lad blinked in surprise that his father did not even know his name, but his servile foster parents had taught him courtesy, if little else, said he with a proper bow, “I am called Jace, sir.”
The man nodded as if it were of no matter and continued, “very well boy, they say you are my son, a claim I cannot verify yet neither can I fully deny it.  In either case, it is high time you started to earn your keep around here.  My father had a vision that this castle would one day tower over the surrounding countryside and herein would his descendants be safe from war, plague, and the like, nevermore to be driven like refugees from that which was rightfully our own.  This is all my purpose and destiny and it shall be yours, whether you like it or not.  You will take up where I have left off: cutting timber, collecting stone, using it to finish what my father began, well?”
The boy gaped, was this to be all his future?  A slave to another man’s futile dream?
The man shook his head sadly, “I see you are not a man of vision, like unto mine, a pity, for I think it proves that you are not my son after all.  I will give you the afternoon to ponder your future, either submit yourself to my father’s dream and fulfill your true purpose in this life or get you gone from here, never to return.”  The boy gave a perfect bow and vanished from the room, fleeing to the battlements to mull over his future, whatever it might be.
Night was falling and still he had found no sensible reply for the grim man waiting impatiently in his chambers below, prematurely aged by labor, sorrow, and unrestrained ambition.  Jace glanced uneasily out upon the darkening world, could he truly find a life out there in the world that had forsaken his family, from whose stock had sprung his faithless mother?  Yet he knew he could not remain forever a slave to his grandfather’s dream as his father had ever been.  What was he to do?  Where was he to go?  The outside world terrified him, but could he live on for countless years in futile toil?  He wanted to scream or weep and came very close to doing both, but his reeling thoughts were interrupted by a stooping ghost that loomed out of the darkness before him.
Came the gruff but concerned voice of the guardsman, “what troubles thee lad?  The master sent me to find ye, he is impatient for yer answer.”
The boy glanced silently out into the darkness and the man nodded in grave understanding, “aye, it is a hard choice, but no choice at all I think.  This cursed place has consumed two generations of yer family lad, don’t be a fool and make it three.  Whatever horrors lay without, they can be nothing to what lurks herein.”
The boy nodded his silent thanks and then went to find his father, knowing the man had spoken truly.  He knocked timidly upon the door and entered upon the gruff command to do so.  He found his father standing before the hearth, staring into the flames, his hands clasped at his back; he did not turn around or even look at the boy, said he, “a harlot’s son, through and through, cannot even stay on to succor an aging wreck of a man in his failing years, the selfish, selfish wretch.”  Suddenly the man turned, his anger giving him strength and speed that years of hard labor had stolen, he took up an iron poker that lay to hand and his eyes seemed to blaze with the light of the fire at his back, snarled he, hefting the poker aloft, “Out!  Out!  Get out, you insolent oaf!”
The boy knew the man was in earnest and half out of his mind besides, lingering not a moment longer, he turned and fled the chamber and hied himself that moment from the crumbling keep.  The housekeeper and guardsman watched him flee with sad eyes, shook their heads in dismay, but had known for many a year that there could be no other end to the tale, but at least this wretched fortress would not utterly consume the boy as it had his forbears, what the outside world might do to him was another matter entirely.
Jace fled with only the clothes on his back, packing was of little matter as he was currently wearing everything he possessed.  His only thought was to escape the broken dreams and empty years that lay behind with no concern for what the morrow might hold, for he knew nothing of purpose, joy, peace, hope, or comfort.  His world was as cold and lonely as the fortress he had just fled.  A miserable drizzle began to fall not long after his flight, forcing him to seek what shelter he could beneath a clump of spruce trees that seemed to huddle together for comfort amid the cold, wet dark.  Every fiber of Jace’s being cried out to do the same, but one cannot comfortably cuddle with a conifer so there was nothing left to be done but cry himself to sleep.
A wan shaft of sunlight filtered down through the clouds and pierced the fastness of the boy’s retreat, bringing him blinkingly awake.  He sighed heavily as he gained his feet, seeing no reason to go on save that he was too anxious and grieved of heart to sit still.  So off he went into the dawning, grateful that the rain had stopped and that he could now see whither he fled.  Which got him to wondering where exactly he was to go.  He knew nothing of the outside world, save for forays with the guardsman into the surrounding forest to collect wood or to hunt.  He had never even seen a farmer’s cot, let alone a village.  He had heard the housekeeper mention a city once, a concept he could not quite comprehend, but he was not sure he wanted to venture thither, for she had spoken of it in hushed tones one night with the guardsman as they sat before the kitchen fire, certain the lad was abed and not hiding in the doorway, listening in horrified fascination as she described the demon-worshippers that dwelt therein and the horrid practices with which they maintained their uncanny powers.
He smiled grimly to himself, pondering what was best to be done, as his feet followed a game trail seemingly of their own accord, so little did he notice or care whither his path led.  He could wander out into the wilderness and undoubtedly die of exposure or starvation during the coming winter or he could find this city and see if the housekeeper’s awful tales were even half true.  It might be death either way, but at least he could discover what a city was ere the end.  With this grim acceptance, did he suddenly step out of the surrounding woods and look upon a great swath of cultivated land, dotted with farmhouses and well-tended copses, and in the distance loomed the infamous city.  He had inherited a little of his father’s ambition, so with a grim smile pasted on his face did he set out in quest of what could only be his doom.  
His smile became incongruous as his journey progressed in a rather anticlimactic fashion, for though he had prepared himself for sights grim and terrible, the countryside was rather picturesque and the few folk he observed in passing seemed as sensible and down-to-earth as either the guardsman or the housekeeper.  He consoled himself with the thought that of course the commonfolk would be of similar disposition to the menials with which he was acquainted, it was only their fell masters that would be workers of such foul magicks.  He hastened his steps to discover this inevitability for himself but was again sorely disappointed.  He soon found himself in a veritable flood of humanity headed for the city to conduct the day’s business.  People at first trickled in from the outlying farms and villages but soon converged upon the main road leading into the city.
Jace gazed about him in wonder, never having imagined there could be so many people upon the face of the earth, let alone upon one certain stretch of road.  The houses and shops that began to line the way were also strange to his eyes and he goggled like the yokel he was; some of the more world-weary passersby about him smiled in welcome amusement at the lad’s befuddlement, for a moment remembering their own forgotten youth.  A veritable city had grown up around the walls of the original settlement and many of Jace’s fellow travelers vanished into the labyrinthine streets and alleys upon their own errands, but most continued on through the gates, few even glancing at the guards who stood silent watch at the gates and upon the walls, but the boy froze in fascinated terror.  His sudden halt brought a few complaints and jostles from those nearest him, but they shoved around him and continued on their way, some giving him a meaningful glare but most shaking their heads in vast amusement.
So too did those fell warriors eye the boy with smiles that never broke the stony facade of their faces.  But as more and more people pushed by the lad and entered the gates unscathed, he drew a deep breath and pressed ever onwards into the heart of a city inhabited by sorcerers and worse, though strangely, none of the folk about him seemed overly concerned about their impending doom.  He was drawn inexorably to the center of the city where a great castle towered over everything.  For a long time he stood as one transfixed, staring up and up and up at the edifice that soared above him.  A rueful smile split his lips, for even had he and his descendants ten generations hence worked ceaselessly, never could they hope to make anything like this of that horrid fortress.  And thence lay his doom.  At last, he gathered his courage and set forth upon the last leg of his final journey, thinking it quite a heroic effort on his part and not a little disappointed that there was not a bard or poet at hand to record the tale.  Most of his erstwhile companions had vanished long ago into the city proper and left the bumpkin to stare as he would.  So it was that he came to the castle gates and found himself very much alone with a whole host of those grim faced guards just waiting to make a gory end of him.  Where was a poet when you needed one?
He stood awkwardly out of the way, studying those who guarded the gates and those who came and went upon their own errands, not finding anything too sinister in any of it.  Again rather disappointed, the lad at last made his own approach, knowing his courage was hanging by a thread.  His first attempt at speaking failed dismally with the guard looking at him in perplexity and what might, to Jace’s horrified mind, be pity!
But the guard saved him from further embarrassment and possible flight by asking, “what can I do for you lad?”  He actually smiled, “you need not be so terrified, you are quite safe within the confines of Astoria.”
The boy blinked in utter astonishment, could this fearsome warrior truly be speaking to him, and with kindness?  Demon-worshippers indeed!  Said he at last, a quaver in his voice, “I am in desperate straits, sir, but well know that there is little hope for one such as I in this cold, indifferent world.”
The guard nodded in understanding and said gently, “aye lad, many come hither with just such a tale, but take heart, for we shall do all we can to remedy your plight, whatever it be.”  Jace looked near to fainting with hunger and astonishment, as the man motioned for a servant standing within the courtyard to take charge of the flummoxed lad and see to his comfort.  The servant smiled in amusement, having done the same a thousand times before, and easily guided the gaping boy into the castle proper, leaving the guard to speak with the next person awaiting his attention.
At last Jace collected his wits enough to comprehend what the servant was saying, “the morning meal has just finished, but I can bring you something once you are settled.”  He studied the lad’s ragged attire that was more patches than original cloth and smiled wryly, “and I’ll see to your wardrobe as well.  Have you come to study then?”
Jace froze and studied the man as if he had asked if his father were a toad, said he in astonishment, “study?  You must know I could little afford such a luxury!”
The servant grinned, “I suppose it is priceless at that, but come lad, anyone is free to study in Astoria and all the Lady asks is that you abide by her rules whilst you reside in the city.”
The boy gaped anew, but a smile danced in his eyes, said he with an incredulous grin, “then I will certainly take you up on that offer, sir.”  The servant nodded as if it were simple sense and they continued on their way.
He stopped before a door at the end of a long corridor and said, “you can sleep here for now, this room is currently unoccupied but if you stay very long, you will undoubtedly find yourself with roommates rather soon.  I’ll see about finding you something to eat and some appropriate attire.”  He smiled broadly as he turned to go, “welcome to Astoria!”
The boy stared wistfully after the retreating form for a moment and then curiously opened the door and entered the room.  Glancing about at the small but comfortable chamber, he laughed aloud and said, “demon worshippers indeed!”
“How dreadful!” came a startled and unfamiliar voice.
Jace turned around in surprise to find a girl about his own age, or at least so he assumed, not having much experience in such matters, peeping round the door, a broom forgotten in one hand.  She squeaked in dismay, “forgive me, I was just sweeping the hall when I heard your outburst and just had to investigate.”  She blushed crimson at her own unseemly outburst and though she colored further, pressed on, “can you tell me more about these demon worshippers?”
Jace was not sure whether he was more startled, annoyed, or amused by this perplexing creature, but said as calmly as he could, “I haven’t much to tell, for I was only laughing at the incongruity of this place with a description I once heard of it.  The old woman was convinced this place was naught but a den of such villains, but I have yet to find them, should they exist.”
Briane laughed excitedly, clasping her hands like a little girl, “oh, you will have to look long and hard to find such in Astoria.  I have been here all my life and have never heard of such goings on.”
Jace smiled wryly at his previous eagerness, “so there isn’t anyone in Astoria possessed of uncanny abilities as my unenlightened source assumed?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” came the voice of the returning servant.  He gave the girl a patient look, “have you not things to be about?”  She squeaked again, dropped a curtsy, and disappeared round the corner with a death grip on her broom.  The servant shook his head and smiled ruefully, “the silly girl spends more time eavesdropping than attending to her chores; more curiosity than a cat, has that one.”
Jace was gaping again, but the servant ignored him and thrust a pile of clothes and a tray of food into his hands, saying as he did so, “as promised, here is your breakfast and a change of clothes.  If you hurry, you can just make it to the next class session.  You’ll have an official schedule soon, but until then you had best tag alone with some of the other Students.”  He smiled impishly, “and as to your unasked question, you’ll soon discover the answers for yourself if you pay attention in class.”  He nodded at the boy and vanished about his interrupted errands.
Jace shook himself, frowned in consternation at the servant’s retreating back, and then hastily changed his clothes and wolfed down the food, both from hunger and eager to begin his education.  Only then did he realize he was alone in an unfamiliar castle with no idea where to find said classes.  He shrugged, smiled as his audacity reared its head once more, and dashed down the hall in search of a class or an adventure, whichever came first.
He nearly collided with a pair of slightly older boys as he came careening around the corner, determined not to be late.  Suddenly ill at ease, Jace muttered his apologies and stared at his feet.  One of the older lads must have heard, ‘new here,’ amongst Jace’s mumbling for he cheerily replied, “don’t worry about it!  Come with us and we’ll help you get settled.”
The boy stared up in astonishment, gaping yet again, stuttered he, “how can this be?  How can you be bothered with helping me?  I don’t understand?”
The older pair exchanged a grin, then Adan, the lad who had spoken, clapped the younger boy on the back and smiled, “it seems you have much to learn about life in Astoria.  Wherever you came from, it must have been a rough life.  But come, else we’ll be late.”  Jace smiled at his reassuring words and then blanched in near panic at the thought of being the cause of their tardiness.  The older pair shook their heads in amusement but all three hastened off to class.
Jace remembered little of that first lesson, so overwhelmed was he with all that had happened in the last day and all the novel sights and experiences he had taken in.  His erstwhile guides were assigned chores in the stable the following hour, which allowed the overwrought Jace some much needed time to sit and think while his companions shoveled muck.  The midday meal offered another course of novelty and wonder to Jace’s abused sensibilities, never in his life had he been amidst so many people, and most astonishingly of all, though complete strangers, they actually seemed to care about him.  Another round of classes was set for the afternoon, but Jace felt he needed some time alone to sort everything out, and perhaps even a nap after his difficult night.  He goggled, less than a full day had passed since his father had cast him out, alone in the night.  Adan nodded his understanding and showed him back to the corridor that housed his room, and though he valiantly intended to contemplate upon all that had happened, he fell promptly and soundly asleep.


2

A ruckus in the hall wakened the boy as the eager Students returned to their rooms after their last class before going to the evening meal.  Jace glanced blearily about, wondering for a moment where he was, but suddenly realization dawned and a great smile lit his face.  He had come home at last.  He adjusted his rumpled clothing, grateful it was not too wrinkled from his nap and ran a hand through his hair, it would do, then dashed excitedly from the room, again nearly colliding with Adan, who smiled roguishly at the boy and hoped such behavior was not becoming a habit.  Said the elder lad with a grin, “it is good to see you so refreshed, you looked rather stunned when we parted and I know you learned nothing in class today, but it seems there is hope for you yet.”
Jace smiled ruefully, “it has been quite a day.”  He glanced hopefully in the direction of the dining hall, even after so short a stay he had become very much accustomed to being fed regularly and well, which was an unlikely occurrence in his former life, said he, “and I’d be happy to tell you all the tale over the evening meal, that is if you care to hear it.”
Adan laughed outright, “aye, it must be quite a story indeed, but fear not, there shall be plenty of food to go around.”
Jace colored and began studying his boots, abashed that his greatest desire at the moment was so blatantly obvious.  Adan glanced at said boots as well and frowned, “but first we had best stop by the supply room and find you a decent pair of boots.”
Jace looked up suddenly in surprise, would the miracles in this place never cease?  He had never owned a decent pair of boots, this particular pair had been worn by his father when he fled his homeland, ages ago!  Adan smiled warmly at the look of grateful astonishment in the lad’s eyes and led the way, eager to see the wish fulfilled.  The servant in charge of the supply room at that hour took one look at the antique footwear, turned away with a disgusted groan, and vanished into the storage area, reappearing with a worn, but quite serviceable pair of boots that actually fit the agape lad.  Rather pleased with himself, the servant smiled smugly and reluctantly took the ancient boots in exchange, his countenance taking on an unruly expression as he did so, their fate remains a mystery to this day but judging from his face, it was not a pleasant one.
As they walked to the dining hall, Jace remarked with an awe tinged voice, “I have never encountered such generosity, not even from my own folk!”
Adan shook his head, his eyes sparkling, “you’ve seen nothing yet, all we’ve done this day is see you properly clothed and fed.”
Jace froze mid-step and faced his companion, “there’s more?!”
Adan clapped him on the shoulder and smiled, “aye, more than you can begin to imagine.”  They continued on, Jace speechless in incomprehension.
As they sat at table, finishing their food, Jace told his tale, much to the horror and astonishment of Adan and his friends who had joined them for supper.  No wonder the boy was so grateful for the least bit of kindness or attention!  Adan said at last, “so that is the tale behind that ugly heap of rocks up river?  Long have we theorized amongst ourselves about who or what had built it, or rather begun it, and why.  It is a grim enough story in its own right.”  He smiled ruefully, “though nowhere near as horrific as some of the tales we’ve birthed.”  
The others shared a wry laugh and eyed their companion with both pity and wonder, Jace awkwardly studied his peas, uneasy being the focus of such attention.  Adan continued, more to distract his companions away from their study of the abashed boy than for anything else, “well, this is the place to start over or start anew, if that is your wish.  Any idea what you want to do with your life?”
Jace could not restrain his laugh, “it was but a day ago my father cast me out and I encountered true human society for the first time in my life, let alone human kindness.  Must I already know the course of my future?”
The others joined in his mirth, forgetting how high were the expectations of their hosts and thus, inadvertently perhaps, their own.  Once the laughter had subsided, Jace asked a bit timidly, still uneasy speaking his mind amongst so many strangers, “what is this place?  Who founded it?  How can they afford to support so many ragamuffin students with no expectation of remuneration?  Is there some hidden agenda or trap, for it seems too good to be true?”
Adan smiled, “rest easy my friend, there is nothing sinister or hidden here.  You may stay as long as you wish and leave likewise.  The only requirement is that you do your best, be respectful of others, and follow the rules as best you can.  According to legend, Astoria was founded centuries ago, near the very Beginning.  The country is self-sufficient and quite prosperous in its own right, but is also supported by various Kings, Lords, and wealthy benefactors who believe in its mission or have benefited from its services themselves.  They have been educating all comers since its foundations were laid.”
Jace nodded thoughtfully, “a noble cause I suppose, but who founded it and why?  My experience of the world is limited, but I do not see blind philanthropy as a common trait amongst men, someone must have had a reason.”
Adan studied his companion thoughtfully, trying to gage his reaction to what was to come, said he at last, “you will learn far more in your initial classes, but the simple answer is: the Master Himself provided for the city’s founding as a home for the Brethren and those they serve.”
Jace blinked, not having imagined the so far sensible Adan to be one who believed in fairy tales, said he in consternation, “that is what the legends say?”
Adan grinned, “you are a skeptic then?”
Jace shrugged somewhat sheepishly, though he was not the one who seriously thought myth had once walked about under sun and star, “I suppose, though I know little enough of the subject, and of all else for that matter, that I should withhold judgment until I am certain.”
Adan nodded, “fair enough, but don’t worry, there is no requirement to believe a certain way to study here.  Even if you hold it all to be a tall tale, there is still more wisdom to be garnered here than you’ll be able to absorb in a lifetime.”
Jace smiled in relief, “that is good to know.”  He frowned thoughtfully, “I met a servant earlier who made a rather cryptic comment about certain individuals around this place having uncanny abilities, but he said I would have to wait for my classes to answer my questions in that regard.  Our old housekeeper was convinced the city was inhabited by demon-worshippers, a claim I am certain is wrong, but what is the truth about this place and its denizens?”
Adan smiled in amusement at the servant’s evasiveness, he was pretty certain who it was the lad had met, but he said, “the Brethren are purported to have certain gifts given to them in their service to the Master, you will learn far more in days to come if you want specifics, but there is nothing evil in the mix.  Uncanny yes, miraculous certainly, but not demonic.”  He smiled impishly, “how is it you can believe in demons but not the Master?”
Jace frowned at the thought and then smiled ironically, “that is an incongruous thought!  But then, I am not sure I believe in demons either, it was just something I overheard and never gave much serious thought until I was bound hither in the dark, alone, after being cast out from all I ever knew.  I guess the imagination is prone to embracing the grim and frightening with far less reluctance, especially under such circumstances, than the rational mind is in accepting the supernatural in far more congenial surroundings.”
Adan smiled broadly, “my friend, you have come to the right place, for yours is a mind quick and ready to absorb all available wisdom and knowledge, and here you will undoubtedly find ample fodder for thought.”
They continued their conversation upon more general topics, for which Jace was thankful, little liking being the center of attention when he was so little used to it; so absorbed was he in all that was said that he did not notice Briane sitting on the edge of the group, studying him with sparkling eyes and a knowing half-smile upon her lips.
Adan saw him back to his quarters after the meal, for even with his nap, Jace was exhausted though sorely disappointed not to be able to participate in the games and conversations held amongst the students that evening, but such was the ritual every night, so he consoled himself with the thought that there was always tomorrow and many days thereafter.  Yawning, he bid goodnight to his companion, and was soon asleep.



Sample Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’

‘Over the hills and far away,’
thither lies the land of Fey,
Of wandering brook and woodland glade,
Golden meads and dappled shade.

Where evening star is guide and stay
And in the vales, mist doth play.
Dryad, pixie, gnome dwell there,
Griffons lurk and dragons lair.

Songs of old live on there still,
Legend treads on plain and hill.
Beasts that talk and trees that sing,
The poor be rich, a peasant King.

If that land, you would gain,
Take a child in your train,
Let him lead you by the hand,
And you will reach that far, fair land.

~Over the Hills and Far Away~




Up the airy mountains,
Down the rushy glen,
We daren’t go a-hunting
For fear of little men;
Wee folk, good folk,
Trooping all together;
Green jacket, red cap,
And white owl’s feather!
~William Allingham, ‘The Fairies’~


For Fear of Little Men

Beatrice was missing, and none were fain to seek her, save her little brother, Tibbin, but could a mere child go where grown men feared to tread?  Perhaps only a little child could.  She had strayed up into the hills after her father’s missing sheep and none had seen her for a full three days.  No one ventured into those hills, for they were known to be haunted by all manner of folk, strange and fey, and it was folly for mortals to tread thereupon.  No, the girl was lost, spirited away or bewitched by some fell being, never more to be seen by mortal men under sun and star, at least not in any natural form; her family might as well accept the truth, embrace their loss, and move on with their lives, or so whispered the villagefolk.  But Tibbin was not content to lose his sister thus, but loath were his parents to part with their remaining child, so did he make for those forbidden hills without their knowing or leave, save for a brief note of farewell, imparting his fate.  Aghast, his parents asked of their friends and neighbors if any were willing to go after.  They merely shook their heads and muttered darkly amongst themselves, who would risk their lives when the boy willingly chose his doom?  It was not to be helped.  The aggrieved couple went home to wait, perhaps vainly, for news of what had come of their children.
Tibbin was a child but he was not a fool, he was young but also sensible.  His elders all feared the fairyfolk, mostly because they did not understand them, albeit they had little interaction with that mysterious kindred and only a few old tales, likely flawed, to rely upon for information pertaining thereunto, but they were also small-minded and superstitious, little liking anything outside their ken, which was pretty much anything and everything outside the confines of their secluded village.  Tibbin was still young enough to be untainted by their blindness and prejudice; for his were the wide, unguarded eyes of childhood that saw things as they were rather than as the viewer thought them to be.  He was a little leery of the fey folk, as all creatures are of the unknown, but he was not paralyzed or handicapped by unmerited terror as his elders were.  Thus did he hie himself into those mysterious hills, the only hope for his sister.  He took with him enough bread, cheese, and water to last him a week of hard scrabbling over rocky ground, hoping it would be enough.  He took no weapons, save a little knife, which was tool rather than implement of death.  With his meager rations and a stout, faithful heart did he set out upon quest great and daring.
He left at twilight when his parents thought him abed, creeping carefully out of the house and into the brushy waste behind, clambering over stones and thorny scrub by the light of a slivered moon and a few bright stars.  He went as far as he could in the wan light, at least far enough that pursuit would not follow, and then laid himself down under a gorse bush to find what rest he could.   An impertinent bird started trilling in said bush at an unearthly hour, wakening the stiff, cold hero into a misty world of gold and rose.  He smiled despite his discomfort and drank in the beauty about him, like a connoisseur a rare and delicate wine.  He stretched, breakfasted, and was soon off into the mysterious otherworldliness of dawn, feeling that his adventure was well and truly begun.  His sister surely waited around the next bend in the path or just over the hill.  He whistled as airily as the bird as he set forth.
His sister was not over the next hill, but a short, stocky man with a prodigious beard sat upon a stone in the thinning mist, smoking his pipe.  Asked the boy of the stoic figure, “have you perchance seen or heard of a young girl roaming these hills within the last sevennight, good sir?”
The dwarfish gentleman smiled broadly at the lad’s boldness, withdrew his pipe, and exhaled thoughtfully, “aye lad, aye.  Not a rabbit goes through these hills without my knowing it.  How is it you have the courage to come when none of your elders would bestir themselves?”
Said the boy with a shrug, “none would come, so there was only me.  Please sir, have you seen my sister?”
The man nodded sagely, “she’s taken up with a few of the pixies that haunt meadow and lea, dangerous consorts for a mortal lass.”
The boy paled, “have they harmed her or is she in great peril?”
The dwarf laughed, “aye and nay, lad, aye and nay!  Those fairies are as feckless and giddy as any lass your sister’s age, but they never grow up or wiser, and neither do they age nor die.  They will not hurt a mayfly or aught else, but rather delight in all that is pretty and ephemeral: flowers, butterflies, robin’s eggs, and the like.  They have no use or comprehension of the greater, eternal things but are like a brook’s laugh or a dancing little wind in their seriousness and wisdom.  The danger lies in the fact Time and Death mean nothing to them.  Your sister, if she is not careful, may get so caught up in their whimsical nonsense that she forgets such things herself and by the time she remembers them, may find herself a very old lady with naught of life left to her.  It is a tricky thing when mortals think to involve themselves in matters beyond their ken and natural sphere.  Your kind is made for eternity, but must enter it through the proper door, not try to sneak in the window.”
The boy was silent for a long while as he contemplated the little man’s words, and finally said, “can I draw her back?”
The man nodded, “aye lad, if she will come, but she may be so entranced with the merriment and giddiness of her companions that she will yearn to stay.  If she will not go of her own will, no power on earth or beyond it will move her.  Take heed to yourself, that you not find yourself also caught up in things beyond your natural sphere.  Someday perhaps, such or rather far greater shall be your lot, but do not be tempted into seizing it ere it is time for only trouble will come of it.”  The boy heartily thanked the old man and hastened in the direction he was bidden.  The dwarf watched after and wondered what would come of the lad and his sister, silently shaking his head at the recklessness and abandon of those silly pixies and the inadvertent havoc it could wreak upon a mortal creature.
Tibbin had not gone far when he spied a rather curious creature crouching in the shade of a great oak.  It appeared to be a lad his own age, but his full height would only reach his father’s knee; he was light of build, eye, and hair and his ears were slightly tapered.  He winked at the staring boy, motioned eagerly for the lad to follow, and vanished into the hedge of roses at the base of the tree.  Tibbin took two happy steps after the fairy creature but then froze, his quest was his sister, not to be caught up in a fate like unto hers.  He sighed heavily but turned staunchly back upon his original path and intent.  The little creature watched after, for a moment a little disappointed, but then some other amusement soon caught his attention and his lost companion was immediately forgotten.
By the time the sun was on its downward journey, Tibbin had come to the little meadow wherein the dwarf said his sister and her merry companions might be found on occasion.  He settled down in a thicket of young birches to await their coming.  Neither was the wait to be tedious, dull, or lonely.  The world, in itself, was young, spry, pleasant, and full of the wonders of spring, but those hills were haunted by all manner of folk and creature unknown to the children of men, and in this varied parade, Tibbin found endless marvel and interest.  Most ignored him, some were openly scornful, and a few asked him to follow in their merry wake, but ever he sat and awaited the coming of Beatrice and her fairy companions.  So did he wait for three full days, eating from his scant provisions and refreshing himself in the ever singing brook by which he sat, finally on a night of mist and moon and starlight, five bright figures came laughing and dancing into the water meadow, Beatrice as radiant and blithe as her companions.
Tibbin rose from his place with a joyous shout and for a moment the pixies quivered like frightened birds, but soon they arrayed themselves about him in a merry dance of welcome and curiosity.  Beatrice at first did not know him, but as his song joined in their lilting chorus, his well loved voice broke the thrall about her and she joyously left her place in the circle and flew into her brother’s arms with tears of unspeakable longing and delight.  The piping and cavorting of the fairies increased tenfold at such mirth and delightedly did they share therein, but soon they tired of the newcomer and were rather perplexed and no little troubled by the strange sobbing that now wracked their once gay companion.  For nothing did they know of sorrow or death.  With a merry call, did they bid Beatrice to flit off with them anew, careless once more, but she smiled sadly, wiped a mysterious moisture from her eyes and cheek, and shook her head adamantly.  The pixies shrugged indifferently and capered off into the creeping mist to join the dance of the fireflies, their companion utterly forgotten.  Beatrice shook her head ruefully, took Tibbin’s hand, and returned to his place amongst the birches.  They slept soundly until roused by the zealous chorus of a morning in spring.  Hand in hand, they left that lovely meadow and turned their steps and hearts longingly towards home.
They met the little man, still sitting on his accustomed stone and smoking his pipe, perhaps as he had done since the first morning of the world.  He smiled joyously at them, waved enthusiastically, and then vanished.  They shared a mystified smile and continued on their way.  They might have slept another night in the bush but knew their parents were mourning their presumed fate and were eager to turn their weeping to joy.  So it was that joy came with the morning.  Their father stood aback the house, staring morbidly off into the hills and thought himself in a delirium when he glimpsed his lost children walking blithely back from the land of things forgotten and unknown.  He trumpeted his wonder and joy so loudly that the entire village was roused.  His wife came disbelieving from the house, took one look at what had so disquieted her husband, and added her own shriek of pure joy to the cacophony of laughing welcome and wonder.
The grim eyed, fretful villagers gathered round the happy little foursome and muttered darkly about curses, possession, and worse.  A few even clutched a kitchen knife, pitchfork, or wood axe in nervous dread.  The now grave father stood forth and asked of his disturbed folk, “my children have returned unscathed, why do you not rejoice?”
Said one distrustful old man, “who are you to say they are unscathed?  Who knows what terrible curse might have been laid upon them?  None venture into those hills and returns unchanged, if they return at all.  They are a threat and a danger to us all as long as they remain among us.  Send them back or send them away lest evil befall us all, else we will take matters into our own hands.”
The man shook his head in grim disgust, but before he could reply to this nonsense, Tibbin took his hand, looked gently into his eyes, and said with a wisdom far beyond his years, “heed him not father, he knows not of what he speaks and no words of yours will change his mind.”  Unchanged indeed!  The man smiled down at this young sage, caught the eyes of all his dear ones, and then looked once more upon those mysterious hills.  A brilliant flicker of gold and white upon a far hill, like a distant star, filled all his vision and called bewitchingly to his very soul.  Said Tibbin with tremulous, but joyous finality, “come, come away!”  He took his father’s hand, his mother and sister joined theirs also, and the entire family boldly made for that distant vision, the flummoxed villagers parting before them like water around the bow of a boat.  They vanished into those wondrous hills and were seen in that village no more.  Many and dark were the rumors of the witchery that had taken an entire clan and the grim fate that had undoubtedly befallen them, but I can assure you, they were all of them wrong.

Sample story from ‘Legends of the Brethren:’

Of Poets and Heroes

The screams of horses and men filled the evening air with a chaos and horror ill-suited to the loveliness and quiet of the fading day.  Two of the beasts faded away as they fell dead and the third trapped his master beneath his prone form.  The trapped rider was himself uninjured save perhaps in the fall but several arrows had embedded themselves in his two companions and their fallen mounts; of the two, one lay unmoving and was likely dead, the other moved feebly but hope dawned as he caught the trapped man’s eye.  They stared at one another for a moment, the one with growing hope and the other with a rising fear.  The crunch of oncoming feet suddenly drew their attention as their foes approached.  His eyes pleading for help, the arrow stricken man suddenly threw some small object into the distant brush and glanced significantly from the now hidden object to his trapped companion whose eyes held reluctance and fear, but a minimal nod of his head brought the shadow of a smile to the stricken man’s face before their enemies were upon them.  A small band of vile looking men emerged from their ambush and looked about in delight at the carnage they had wrought.  One of them turned over the unmoving man to reveal that nothing remained but a corpse.  
Another approached the hopeful man and called out, “this one’s alive and should suit our purposes well enough.  Be done with him.”  One of the more vile of the company smiled in cruel anticipation, drew his sword as he approached, and finished that which the arrows had begun.  His eyes widened momentarily in pain and then stared blankly as the sword was withdrawn from his unmoving chest.  The whole group of them then approached the sole survivor yet trapped beneath his dead horse.
Said the leader of the repulsive band, “are you one of the Brethren then?”  
The trapped man laughed mirthlessly, “I am simply an ill-fated poet who hoped to write the tale of some great heroic effort but alas, all I shall ever write is a lament to the foolishness of heroic quests if ever I write anything again.”  
“Yes or no,” snarled the leader.  
The poet winced at his tone and said, “I am not one of that fellowship.”  
The man grinned cruelly and asked, “then why do you ride with them?”  
Taking on a professional air the poet said, “as I have already related I hoped to write a firsthand account of whatever adventure my late companions hoped to accomplish.  I fell in with them not quite a week ago.”  
“You know nothing of their mission?” queried the leader in some amazement.  
The poet sighed, “I only knew they were bound for Kyra on some desperate quest; I do not think even they knew their appointed task but hoped to find some contact upon our arrival.”  
The sinister man said, “how were they to make contact?”  
The poet shrugged, “they took that secret to the grave.”  
The leader did not seem pleased, “then I have no further use for you.”  The poet nodded grimly as the sword was raised again but the leader suddenly laughed, “I however like the idea of a lament against all for which the Brethren stand.  I will spare your life poet but only for the promise of your work.  Write well, for if you do not it might well be the last thing you do.  Search them and their luggage, then we ride for Kyra.”  The despots ransacked the living and the dead, but found nothing of interest.  They vanished as quickly as they had come, leaving the trapped poet to somehow extract himself from beneath the dead horse.  He painfully managed to pull himself from beneath his ill-fated mount, searched the vegetation concealing whatever it was his companion had hoped to hide, and finally discovered a small blue crystal cut in the shape of a star suspended from a satin ribbon of deepest blue.  He looked over the trinket and wondered to whom it might belong and how he was to discover its keeper and his destiny.
He sighed, he was no hero.  He sat heavily down upon the dead horse thinking about what had transpired in the last week to so utterly upset the course of his life.  He had been a wandering poet who roamed from place to place and entertained as he could to keep his stomach full and a roof over his head.  The commonfolk seemed to appreciate his efforts, at least enough that he did not starve.  A week gone, the two adventurers had stumbled into the same inn where he was holding forth with his familiar evening oratory.  They had listened appreciatively and once the night’s entertainment was finished, invited him over to their table for a mug of ale and some much needed conversation.  They had struck up a lively conversation, all three being of a quick and learned mind, and had stayed up long past the time all sensible men were in bed.  He had asked after their own travels and their tales amused and amazed him.  Whether it was the late hour or the wine, the poet never knew but he soon found himself asking if he might not accompany them on their adventure.  They exchanged a curious look and finally agreed that he could come, but that there might come a time when they might suddenly have to part company.  There was some hint of imminent danger and intrigue, but then no story was complete without such so the poet readily agreed.
So it was that he found himself riding with them to the Southern Realms towards the kingdom of Kyra whose monarchy was suddenly in disarray and from whence had come a desperate note and the trinket that he now held in his hand.  No one knew who had sent it, but only that it must be presented to the guards at the castle gates in the great city of Yorka.  The owner claimed that the very fate of the country might rest upon this quest and help was needed soon.  Kipril shuddered, wondering what strange adventure he had now become a participant in.  He looked upon his dead companions and his silent promise to the dying man echoed in his mind.  He had ever been an observer of life, a recorder of its wonders and perils, never a participant and now it had been thrust upon him.  He was ill-suited to such an adventure not having wielded a sword since his youth and then only poorly, but there was no one else to whom this adventure could fall.  He must at least attempt it, if only for the sake of the imperiled people of Kyra.  He sighed heavily, stood, and began to salvage what he could from the wreckage.  He filled his saddlebags with food and supplies, took up his bow, and then glanced at his fallen companion’s sword.  He was perhaps not as skilled with the weapon as some, but it might be useful in his quest.  Almost reverently, he took up the weapon for which his companion had no more mortal use.  In the gathering dark, he took the road and hoped to put many miles between himself and the sorrow behind him.

Kipril awoke early and crawled from the small dell in which he had taken shelter for the night.  He walked as fast and as far as he could that day, knowing full well that his quest was a hopeless one unless he soon acquired some swifter form of transportation.  Evening was falling and the lights of an inn ahead drew his weary gaze.  He felt that hope waited within, even if it were nothing more than an hour’s repose from the weary and lonely road he walked.  He took a seat, ordered a mug of a nameless brew, and glanced about at his fellow patrons.  He saw nothing but farmers and merchants until his eyes fell upon a young woman just entering the inn.  She was well dressed and moved like a cat, making him wonder if she were not some minor noble’s daughter set out in search of adventure.  Perhaps here was a chance to fob this foolish quest off upon someone else.  She caught his gaze and curiosity drew her to the stranger’s table.  He bought her a mug of his own nameless ale and she asked, “whither is your road sir and what quest lays at its end?”  
He laughed in spite of himself and said, “it seems I am not the only lonely adventurer upon the road.  I am currently walking to Kyra as my mount and companions have fallen upon the way but I shall not make it in time at the pace I currently set.  What of you fair lady?”  
She smiled at his words and said, “I too am upon a noble quest though perhaps one far less dire.  I ride for fabled Astoria and seek there to join the Brethren.  Are you perhaps one of those storied knights who has ridden forth in noble pursuit?”  
Kipril could not help but laugh, “lady, I am simply a wandering poet that has had unwanted adventure thrust upon him for there is none else to carry on the task which my late companions had begun.  They were of that noble calling but alas they have fallen by the way.”  
She smiled curiously and said, “then at least your quest is a vital one and perhaps your heart nobler than you know.  Perhaps I can aid those I hope to be my benefactors ere I ride to their country.  If walking is too slow a pace, then let me lend you a horse upon the way.”  
Kipril smiled gratefully and said, “that would be a great ease to my journey but I am still unworthy of this task.  I have a borrowed sword but little skill with it.  Could I beg your aid as well for I see you are not yourself unarmed?”  
She smiled gaily at him and said, “I was afraid you would turn me away for I am a woman, but I shall joyfully aid your task.  What is it we must do?”  
Kipril laughed, “I know almost as little as you but I shall gladly accept your company.  I have only a token to show at the gates of the castle and there our adventure may perhaps begin.”  
Alia soon told her story of how her father, a minor noble, had given her the choice of a loveless marriage or taking her small inheritance and forever leaving his presence.  She would not doom herself to such a grim fate and thus took her pittance and left behind all that she knew and loved.  She had heard many strange tales of the Brethren in her youth and set out in search of the mysterious adventurers of song and story.  She was eager to take part in a story of her own, even before ever she reached Astoria.
By common agreement they were saddled and upon the road ere the sun was up and it was not many days before their hurried pace brought them within the borders of Kyra and soon to the castle in the midst of the bustling city of Yorka.  Kipril left Alia at an inn in the city that he might approach the gates alone.  If he should not return, she was to make her own careful inquiries and if he discovered the nature of their adventure, he would swiftly return to tell the tale.  Both knew well the cost of this errand might well be their lives, but Kipril pressed on out of duty and Alia in hopes of righting some wrong.  The streets of Yorka were abuzz with the recent demise of the King in a hunting accident, the ascension of his brother to the throne, and the impending birth of the late King’s child and hoped for heir.  What part the dark men would play in the matter was yet to be seen.  Kipril approached the castle gates and proffered the charm to the guards posted there.  They eyed the trinket with some curiosity but could not decide if the man was trying to sell it or simply asking after its owner.  
A servant stationed nearby however gasped and said, “this man must immediately accompany me.”  The guards glanced in wonder at the man who had silently stood watch for so many days and now finally spoke.  They nodded grudgingly, but this was a personal servant to the Queen and not to be questioned nor gainsaid.  They let the man pass and the servant led him deep into the castle to the private chambers whence the Queen had withdrawn to mourn her husband and await the birth of her child.  It was she that had sent the urgent message and who now desperately awaited its answer.
 Kipril was amazed to be presented before so distinguished a personage and was speechless for a moment as he made his bows.  She smiled deeply and a glint of hope shone in her troubled eyes as she said, “so the Lady has sent my savior at last.”  
Kipril blushed crimson and studied his feet saying, “I am no hero lady but a simple wanderer who has taken up a quest whose true heroes have already fallen in its course.  I will do what I can, but I am no warrior but a poet.”  
She nodded sadly and said, “then to you my brave poet will the duty fall.  This then is my plea: if a male child should be born, to Astoria you must bear the infant in safety and secrecy, there to await the day when he can challenge his uncle for the throne of Kyra.  For only a man can sit upon Kyra’s throne and this child is the only one with a rightful claim save my brother-in-law who has already taken the title of King upon himself.  He was ever jealous of my husband and his demise was no accident though such is claimed, and if an heir should be born my son will not live long past his birth.  But should a girl child be born, she is no threat to his rule and we may depart in peace to my family’s estates and he is forever free to rule Kyra as he sees fit.”
“When is the child due?” asked Kipril awkwardly.  
She smiled and said, “any day.  I had hoped for your arrival sooner due to the legendary swiftness of unicorns but alas your mounts are mortal horses.”  As if in answer to his question a wince of pain crossed her face as she said, “perhaps even today!”  The Queen winced again as she said, “I think that you arrived only just in time.  Tonight will reveal whether your quest is a vain one.”  
Her ladies escorted her to her chambers, the midwife was fetched, and Kipril was left in the sitting room with a silent servant.  The night passed slowly and only occasional sounds of pain and frustration came from the adjoining room to break the silent vigil.  Finally the unmistakable cry of an infant was heard and not long after it was repeated.  The midwife rushed out all in a flutter and beckoned in the man who had waited so long; the Queen wished to see him without delay.  He made a rather flustered bow and she smiled tiredly at his discomfiture.  She said, “twins!”  He looked at her in anticipation as she continued, “a boy and a girl, of course the boy’s birth shall remain an absolute secret and you shall bear him to safety until the appointed time.  Are you ready to ride?”  
He said, “I need only fetch my confederate and my luggage from a nearby inn and then we shall leave at once.”  
“Confederate?” asked the Queen.  
Kipril said, “a young woman I met by chance upon the way who was on her way to Astoria and agreed to this slight detour.”  
The Queen smiled, “excellent, a man traveling with an infant would arouse suspicion.  I do not think your encounter chance young man.  Why did she not accompany you?”
Kipril said, “this mad adventure has already cost two men their lives.  I was concerned about pursuit and did not want both of us to fall afoul of some unknown foe ere we knew our errand.  She remained behind in case something happened to me.”  
The Queen said, “you have acted wisely.  Return to your inn, pack your things, and come to the small gate the servant shall show you as quickly as you can.  Haste will ensure secrecy.”  
He bowed again, met the servant in the adjoining room, and followed him on a twisting path out of the castle.  They emerged in a dark alley and the small door shut silently behind Kipril as he dashed off in search of his inn.  He had just stepped out into the main street abutting the alley when he felt a sharp pain in his abdomen.  He clutched at the wound as his knees buckled and he fell to the ground in agony; the air was filled with strangely familiar and sinister laughter.  The dark voice said, “I told you to leave well enough alone boy!  This is the price of meddling in business not your own.  Who did you meet within the castle and to what purpose?”  
“That I shall never tell,” groaned the stricken man.  
“We shall see,” snarled the sinister voice as the man dashed off to investigate where the meddler had been.  
Kipril struggled to his feet, holding his hand to his wounded side; he dashed off in a stumbling run towards the inn.  Alia gasped when she saw who the ashen faced man was who nearly fainted as he entered the door of the inn.  She had been speaking quietly with a man in the uniform of the Brethren.  Both ran to aid the injured man on the verge of collapse.  “What happened?” she gasped.  
Kipril glanced about nervously, “we must talk quickly and privately.  There is no time.”  They wasted no time in helping him to sit on the edge of the bed in one of the guest rooms.  Once they were alone he said, “as you know there are rumors about that the late King was murdered by his brother who made it look like a hunting accident.  The Queen was concerned for the safety of her unborn child, should it be a boy and potential heir to the throne.  If the child was a male, she wished one of the Brethren to carry him safely to Astoria to wait until he came of age to challenge his uncle for the throne.  The Queen gave birth tonight to twins, a boy and a girl.  She will withdraw quietly to her estates with the girl and waits for us to bear her son to safety.  Alia, you must meet the servant at a small side gate and take the infant to Astoria.”  
“What about you?” whispered she.  
Kipril drew back his tunic from the wound and said grimly, “I am in no condition to travel nor do I think I shall long survive this wound.  One of the men who ambushed my late companions fell upon me as I was leaving the castle.  He must have seen me go in and waited for me to come out.  He attacked me, questioned me, and then ran off to see what I would not tell him.  He will be on the watch so you must be careful.”  
The Brother spoke for the first time, “these are grim tidings indeed.  I am the Lady’s Advisor to the King, or I was until the new King banished me from the castle, save for court functions, which is why I now haunt this inn.  The child must reach safety at all costs.  Take my mount, he will bear you swiftly and safely to Astoria.”  
Alia’s eyes were wide, “me ride a unicorn?”  
The man nodded grimly, “I cannot accompany you for I am needed here and neither is your friend in any condition for such an adventure.  It must be you.  Go, and may the Master ride with you.”  She nodded grimly, bid farewell to her companions, and dashed from the room.  
“Will she make it do you think?” asked Kipril of the other man.  He only shook his head in wonder and helped make the stricken man as comfortable as he could.
Alia rode swiftly towards the small gate, astonished at the speed and silence of her mount.  He was reluctant to so abandon his master but he knew this task was of the utmost importance.  They arrived swiftly and nearly unseen for the unicorn had draped himself in darkness.  Alia knocked upon the gate, it was opened by a cautious servant, she showed the crystal star as instructed, and soon received the child into her keeping along with those things that might prove his identity at the proper time.  They dashed off together into the night bound for Astoria.  Not far out of the city, the unicorn stopped and whinnied in fear but his master bid him run all the harder and he could not disobey.  Some time after he screamed in rage and grief but continued on his course, faithful to his master’s last command.

The dark man left his injured foe and ran off into the darkness to see from whence he had come.  He could not yet gain access to the castle and could learn nothing more upon a second investigation.  He dashed back to find his nemesis fled and followed quickly after.  Not long after the girl had left, the dark man burst through the window of the room in which his quarry lay helpless upon the bed.  He had not expected to find one of the Brethren within, but all the better.  The two men whirled about in a dance of death and steel while Kipril watched wide-eyed from the bed.  The two were fairly evenly matched and it was hard to tell who had the upper hand.  The dark man snarled in glee as he clipped his opponent on the shoulder and knew his victory was assured, but in his moment of triumph he dropped his guard for a brief second allowing his foe to strike a mortal blow.  The man fell to the floor laughing through his pain and panted, “you think you have won but neither of you will long survive me.”  He coughed a few times before succumbing to his wounds and then dissolved into an oily puddle on the floor.  
The two survivors shared an astonished look and the Brother leant heavily upon the bedpost, clutching his injured shoulder and breathing heavily.  Kipril asked in growing concern, “what is wrong?  What did he mean you would not survive?”  
The man said quietly through teeth clenched in pain, “I think there was some vile taint upon that blade of his and that it is quickly killing me.  I doubt you will long survive me.  That being the case, have you thought about what lies beyond death?”
Kipril stared at the man in astonishment, “you are nearer death than I and you want to talk philosophy?”  
The man winced as he laughed and said, “I have no such worries but you might spend all eternity ruing these last few hours.”  
Kipril frowned, “you Brethren are all fanatics on this topic.  I suppose if this Master of yours does exist then I have naught to fear.  I have lived a good life, or as good as any man could in my circumstances.  Besides, I have gotten myself killed on his behalf, for which I think he owes me much.”  
The dying man’s breathing was ragged and darkness was ever on the brink of overcoming him, but he fought against it saying, “with an attitude like that you are sure to spend an eternity apart from the Master and thus in utter darkness and despair.  The Master is no man with whom you can bargain in the market place.  He owes mortal man nothing.  We are all rebels against his perfect way and we all justly deserve condemnation.  Our best efforts are nothing to him.  What can any mortal do that could impress or indebt the One who made us.”  
“Then we are all doomed?” asked the skeptical Kipril.  
The man was fading fast but said, “the price of rebellion is death, but the Master took that penalty upon himself to spare us if only we will accept his sacrifice on our behalf.  He need not have known death, but he suffered death for us.”  
“What must I do?” asked the stunned Kipril.  
With his last breath the man said, “believe, trust, and give yourself utterly to him.”  He toppled over and moved no more, leaving Kipril alone to contemplate eternity.
These Brethren were mad, absolutely mad!  He had now seen three of them die for no good cause.  Could they be right?  In all the excitement he had forgotten about his own wound and now remembrance came crashing agonizingly back to the front of his mind.  He was deathly weak and each breath became more and more a struggle.  He glanced desperately at the dead man and idly wondered how long before he himself was naught but a corpse.  His mind returned to those uneasy things of which the dying man had spoken.  All his life he had heard the tales of the Master but had never felt inclined to think of them as more than just stories.  What if there was something beyond humanity?  Beyond death?  It certainly made sense but how to know what was truly out there?  He glanced again at the dead man and remembered how certain he had been even to the point of being able to proselytize upon the brink of death.  Worse, his own heart seemed to tell him that here was the truth he had ignored all these years.  His mind protested not wanting to admit that up until this moment perhaps his life truly had been lived in vain.  The weariness deepened and darkness gnawed at the corners of his vision; the maw of eternity gaped before him and yet he wanted to protest, drag his feet, and hesitate.  
Finally, the moments running out, he gasped, “I do not know you but I know I need you.  Forgive my rebellion, my ignorance, and my hesitation.  I have nothing to offer, but I am yours to use as you will.” 
 A voice like echoed thunder said quietly beside him, “I certainly shall.”

Alia rode swiftly to Astoria, her heart near to breaking for her fallen companions.  The infant traveled well for one so new to the world and she wondered what hope rested upon the shoulders of one so small and innocent.  The unicorn revealed his true form as they ran through the streets of Astoria that none might bar their way.  The guards upon the castle gates watched curiously but allowed the strange woman to pass unhindered.  It was not often that one not of the Brethren ever rode upon the back of so legendary a creature.  They gaped even more to see the stranger clutching a very young child to her breast.  She slid from the saddle and glanced about in near desperation, “I must see your Lady immediately concerning happenings in Kyra.”  
A servant ran immediately to ask after the Lady’s availability and returned swiftly to lead the strange young woman to stand before their legendary leader.  Alia told her story and presented the child and his accessories to the astonished Lady who replied, “these are certainly tragic tidings and we shall tend to the child as his mother wishes.  Now what of you my dear?  You who have traveled so far and risked so much; what is your part in this tale?”  The infant was given into the care of a childless woman and her husband who were delighted to have such a charge.  Alia was finally able to realize her goal of joining the Brethren.

The years passed and the child grew into a boy verging on manhood.  For ten years, he grew up quietly at home thinking no more of himself than any other peasant’s son.  At ten years of age he was allowed to go to Astoria to further his education with the renowned knowledge and teaching skills of the Brethren.  At fifteen, he was convinced he wanted to become one of them.  He stood before the Lady that day, nervous but hopeful to have his request granted.  She looked at him quietly for a few moments and a small sadness seemed to flit through her eyes for a moment but was soon replaced with dead seriousness.  She said, “Ian, I cannot grant that which you ask.”  
He gaped and without thinking asked, “what have I done or not done that you will not allow me to join you?”  
She smiled and said gently, “it is nothing of your doing but concerns a greater duty you must first fulfill.”  He looked at her in absolute confusion as she continued, “as you are well aware, the Brethren cannot rule even a city, let alone a country save perhaps the Lady of Astoria.  You cannot take your Oath because you are the rightful heir to the throne of Kyra and the time has come for you to journey thither and claim your birthright.”  He looked at her as if she had gone mad.
She continued, “your father, the former King of Kyra was killed upon a hunting foray and many suspect his brother in the crime.  Your uncle now rules Kyra with an iron fist and oppresses your people severely.  Your father died before your birth and your mother feared for your life so sent you hence that you might grow up in safety.  Your twin sister and mother yet reside upon your family estates in Kyra.  Nothing is known to anyone outside the Brethren and a few faithful servants of your existence.  My hope, and the hope of all Kyra, is that you return to the land of your birth and claim the throne that is rightfully yours and rule your people more justly than their current King.  This is why I must deny you the Oath.”  
He gaped at her and finally said, “I understand and know I must take this quest upon myself if only for the sake of the suffering Kyrans, but how am I, a mere boy to challenge a King?”  
The Lady smiled warmly, “I will send several of the Brethren with you along with certain proofs of your valid claim to the throne.  You must know this is a very dangerous quest; four men and two unicorns have already died in the events surrounding your birth.  The King has many dangerous servants and advisors who will aid him in thwarting your efforts at all costs.”  
Ian bowed deeply and said, “it is a risk I must take.  What if I fail?”  
The Lady smiled, “short of death I do not think you shall fail.”  
He smiled weakly, “my only regret is not being able to serve you as one of the Brethren.”  
She smiled warmly and said, “if you survive this ordeal and still have the interest in sixty years or so after you have passed your reign onto your children, I see no reason why you cannot yet join the Brethren.”  He smiled deeply at her sincerity and wondered if his zeal could be so strong as to last six decades.
Alia and three others were dispatched to accompany the aspiring prince to Kyra.  He carried with him a letter written by his mother and sealed with the royal signet ring, the crystal star charm, and his late father’s sword.  It was early autumn and the weather was perfect for travel; the party made excellent progress and was soon nearing the borders of Kyra.  It was at this point in their travels that Ian felt the adventure was about to begin; until now, he had been in a blissful half-dream but now was not the time for childish fancies when the fate of a nation rested upon his very inadequate shoulders.  It was late afternoon and the sun had set all the world afire in shades of richest gold when a lone traveler approached the party upon the road.  He drew rein and waited patiently for the party to approach.  
One of the men asked as they drew nigh, “why do you bar our way stranger.”  
The stranger suppressed a smile of secret amusement and said, “I do not bar your path but simply wish to join your party.  I have come to aid you in your endeavors.”  
The Brother laughed, “and what could you know of our errand?”  
The stranger replied, “I have come to see finished the errand I began fifteen years ago.”  
“And what errand would that be stranger?” asked the Brother cautiously.  
The man smiled sheepishly and said, “to see a proper King restored to Kyra.”  
“What part did you play in that sad tale,” asked the Brother in confusion, “I thought there were none living, save those in our party, to finish what was begun so long ago.”  
“Alia can testify to my involvement,” said the man strangely. 
All the while, Alia had been staring at the stranger in astonishment and could not quite believe her eyes.  With his statement she said in doubt and horror, “Kipril?  Is it truly you?  I thought you long dead!  What became of the Advisor to the King, his mount certainly felt him die.”  
Kipril glanced towards the ground and then ruefully met her astonished gaze, “you know me for truly myself.  Not long after you left, my attacker came to finish me only to find me not alone.  They fought, the sinister man was killed, and my valiant protector did not long survive him.  I was on the brink of death when I finally realized sense and surrendered my life, failing as it was, to the Master.  The Master himself was in that room and took me at my word.  He healed my wound and set me immediately upon this task.  To you it has been fifteen years; to me it has been only a few minutes!  I do not know what shall become of me once all is ended.  I may perhaps live on for years or I might fall to dust the moment the King is crowned.  At least my life will not have been lived completely in vain.”  
The little company stared at him in astonishment, but the Brethren knew he spoke truly no matter how hard it was to believe.  Alia smiled at her long lost friend and said, “then welcome back my friend.  What counsel can you give us about matters in Kyra?”
Kipril said, “as you know, the King is a vile tyrant and sorely tries his people.  What you may not know is that the men behind the deaths of three of your comrades fifteen years ago secretly aid and advise the King.  The Queen and her daughter still live quietly in the country but the King has his eye on the girl as a prospective bride for his own son and heir.  I suggest we break into two parties.  Alia, the boy, and I shall ride to the former Queen’s estates and the rest of you shall ride to Yorka and assess the situation there.  We shall meet you as soon as we have apprised the Queen of her son’s return.”  The others quickly agreed and they set off immediately for their assigned destinations.  
As Alia and her companions made camp that night, Ian asked, “how can this be?”  
Alia laughed, “how can you have spent so many years among the Brethren and not believe in miracles?”  
Ian smiled ruefully, “I suppose I do but I thought they only ever happened to other people.  The Master truly does work in wonderful and mysterious ways!”  
They rode on, avoided the patrols once they crossed into Kyra, and soon found themselves upon the Queen’s estates.  Alia presented the star trinket to the guards at the great gates before the ancient house and a servant was quickly sent to inquire after the Queen.  The astonished servant quickly returned and ushered the strangers into his lady’s presence.  All three bowed and the aging woman stared in wonder and joy at her long sundered son.  Finally each found the courage to embrace and a quick round of wondering questions and excited chatter followed.  
After Ian met his sister and mother and all their curiosity and joy had momentarily been satisfied Alia asked, “how go things in Kyra?  Are they as bad as we have heard?  Any idea how the boy is to retake the throne?”  
The queen said, “things are bad enough, especially for the commoners.  In usual circumstances, Ian would present himself to the royal lawyers who would then decide whether he was the legal heir to the throne, but these are far from usual circumstances.  I fear his uncle will kill him regardless.”  
Kipril said, “I think secrecy will not avail us.  Let us present ourselves before the entire court that a knife in the dark will not end all their worries.  With enough witnesses perhaps the King will step down as he rightfully should.  If he will not, then we will do what we must.  He may challenge you to a duel for the crown and I am sure there will be treachery in the mix.”  
Ian said firmly, “I will do what I must.”  
They all agreed to the sketchy plan and the three set off at once with the Queen to follow after with the intent of attending court on the following evening when Ian would make his claims.  They reached Yorka the following morning and met with the three that had gone ahead who agreed completely with their suppositions.  The Brethren could not take the throne by force, but neither could the current King legally deny the claims of his nephew.  His only recourse would be to have the upstart murdered, a dangerous task since all the city would soon know of the challenge to his throne or to challenge him to and best him in a duel.

The servants of evil had not been lax these many years either.  They had a spy in the midst of the Queen’s servants and the moment he saw the star trinket he knew the game was afoot.  He made his way to the city and swiftly reported his suspicions to his dark masters.  So it was when the young renegade came to make his claims, the King and his sinister advisors were not taken unawares.  They could have barred the youth an audience but then he would have made a scene in the street.  He was too well protected to be silently murdered and it would be good to show the court exactly how such rebels were dealt with.  The King actually looked forward to the confrontation and his associates would make sure that he was the victor.  As expected, he made his appearance at court the following evening.  
There was much gossip amongst the bystanders as the King had allowed word of the imposter to be spread abroad.  Alia, Kipril, and his mother accompanied him to stand before the King; the rest of the Brethren spread out to make sure no ambush was imminent.  Ian said in a voice for all to hear, “I hereby lay claim to the throne of Kyra held unjustly these fifteen years by the murderer of my father.”  
The King laughed, “have you any proof boy that I killed your father or that you are even the late King’s son?” 
Ian stood his ground and said, “I have no proof you murdered my father save the certainty in my heart.  But I have ample proof I am the son of the late King.”  He proffered his proofs and the royal lawyers examined the documents and artifacts for authenticity.
The King said, “I thought this woman bore a girl child.”  
The former Queen spoke, “I gave birth to twins that night.  The boy was safely hidden until he was of an age to claim his birthright.”  
The King scoffed, “a likely story, you simply found a youth of the correct age and indoctrinated him.”  
Alia spoke, “nay Sire, it was I that bore this very child to Astoria fifteen years ago.  Know by the Oath that it is true.”  
The King looked to the lawyers, “well?”  
They nodded grimly, “the artifacts and proofs seem to be quite real.  Can anyone bear testimony to the Queen’s story?”  
An aged woman emerged from the crowd and the ancient midwife said, “she speaks truly.  I was there when she gave birth and delivered a boy and a girl that night.”  
“Very well,” said the King in much glee, “who is to say that you are the legal heir to the throne?  Why must I vacate that which is lawfully mine?”  
Alia spoke, “Kyran law states that in the presence of an immature heir, a Steward may be appointed until the boy is of age at which point he will assume the throne.  Your reign is legally at an end.  You are also accused of gaining the throne through treacherous means which would also nullify your right to reign.”  
“You have no proof,” snarled the King, “and I will not relinquish the throne to this no name upstart.  If he wants the throne he must step over my dead body to gain it; I challenge him to a duel.”  
Ian looked concerned, “must I fight him?”  
The royal lawyers looked grim, “under these circumstances it would violate all our customs not to.  You have no legal requirements as such, but the people would not respect you if you declined.  I also think your uncle would prove a dangerous enemy were he allowed to live.”  
The King gave him a dangerous look and the lawyer replied, “I was only stating the obvious Sire, no insult was meant on your behalf.”
The King glared at his nephew, “well?”  
The boy drew his sword in answer, the audience drew back to give them room to fight, and the King grinned as he drew his own blade and approached the boy.  The lawyer intoned in a dreary voice for what seemed a decade the various rules before allowing the combatants to bow and face one another.  The boy was young but skilled, the old man experienced but out of practice.  They whirled about in a deadly dance while the dark aides of the King drew their own weapons to aid the King by treachery should such be necessary.  The Brethren held their own swords at the ready seeing what the sinister men intended.  It was the stamina of the younger man that won the day as his weary uncle knelt before him with chest heaving wildly for air.  He mocked between breathes, “finish me boy or they shall think you too weak to rule.”  
The boy shook his head, “no, you shall stand trial for my father’s murder.  I will not make you a martyr or give you the honor of a swift death.”  
At that moment, the sinister men in the crowd made to fall upon the boy but were met by an equal number of the Brethren.  The King seeing his future looking bleak and his treacherous friends fighting for their lives, lunged forward with sword drawn upon the distracted boy.  The blade buried itself deeply in Kipril’s chest as he leapt between Ian and his murderous uncle.  Seeing his own doom near to hand, the vile King took his own life rather than losing it justly to the headsman.  His vile henchmen did likewise rather than reveal their sinister allegiance.
The court was in uproar and confusion until the Brethren and heir apparent finally managed to calm them.  No one understood why the dark men had dissolved into an oily puddle of goo upon death but the matter was soon forgotten as the lawyers proclaimed Ian the rightful heir to the throne now that his uncle was most certainly dead.  Some of the more treacherous nobles made to sneak out but the Brethren barred their way until the new King could deal with them justly.  
Ian stared down in dismay at Kipril’s shattered form, “I should be the one lying dead.”  
Alia put a reassuring hand upon his back and smiled sadly at her fallen friend, “he was already assumed dead in your service Sire; it just happened a little later than we all thought.  He knew well his duty and carried it out faithfully.  We can all only hope to die so nobly.  We will mourn a little, but grief should not be our constant companion, for we shall meet again beyond time if we remain faithful until the end ourselves.”  The King was crowned and ruled his people justly for many years and once his own son was well established upon the throne, Ian quietly vanished and only his nearest kin and the Brethren knew what became of him after.  The poet who thought himself no hero lived on in song and story long after Kyra itself had passed out of memory.
Excerpt from ‘The Greylands: Volume I:’

Prince Bryant sat in the common room with two sons of the greater lords of Ithamar; they all had older brothers and very little chance of ever taking their fathers’ places of import and influence unless their elder brothers succumbed to some mysterious illness or fell in battle.  Thus they were relegated to the privileged but socially obscure branch upon which they perched.  Much was expected of them by their noble parents but they would win little glory, wealth, or renown for anything they did, though their elder brothers seemed to accrue acclaim simply by getting out of bed of a morning.  It was a seductive glue that bound them together: jealousy of their elder brothers and anger at fate for placing them in such an insignificant position.  Most nights they could be found drowning their woes among the city’s many inns and drinking houses.  When they gathered in such a place, the natives inevitably relocated so as not to find themselves in an awkward confrontation with such important and often drunk personages; the consequences of such an experience never favored the peasants.  The boys would drink their fill and complain even more of the hardships of the world while the innkeeper listened and shook his head thinking they knew little of hardship and nothing of real life, at least not life as experienced by the vast majority of humanity throughout history.  
Ithamar was not the worst of countries in those days in its treatment of its peasants but the taxes were high and common men had few rights in a conflict of interest with the nobility.  So they drank and complained and bonded over their seeming sorrow.  Then they would stumble home drunk, fall into bed while servants cleaned up the mess, and begin anew their tedious lives on the morrow, succored only by the hope of the coming night.
Bryant’s father the King, his elder brother, his mother, his numerous aunts, his grandmother, and everyone else in the Kingdom with the nerve often scolded him about his dissolute habits but he ignored them or scoffed or yelled back, all to no avail.  Why did he not lead his father’s soldiers as his younger brother did or marry the daughter of some foreign King?  Could he not learn something from all the philosophers and sages in the Kingdom and be of use to his father and brother in matters of state?  Could he not quietly disappear to his country estates and hunt contentedly in obscurity and not cause a scene?  Could he do anything but embarrass all his nearest relations?  Deep within he found the whole thing somehow amusing, if only for the consternation it caused his elders; irritating all his nearest relations seemed the only joy he had left in life.  On the outside he was all strut and show but within he yearned for meaning and direction and purpose.  He was a boat adrift at sea without anchor, rudder, or sail while a storm raged around him with no end in sight.  At least he felt as if he had something to look forward to in his nightly carousing though he always came away feeling small and empty and alone as he wandered home to bed in the small hours of the morning.  
Dark were his thoughts that night, darker than his usual wont, for he felt if he continued to do nothing he would soon do something drastic, whether to himself or others he did not know.   He said to his companions, “I am tired of this tedious life we live.  Let us do something great or terrible, that we might end the tedium and do something to be remembered; even if we do not succeed, it is better to die in the attempt rather than die in obscurity.  Shall we be famous or infamous?”  His friends laughed drunkenly, for the night was far gone and much wine had passed their lips.  
He continued, “as you will not choose I shall have the honor then.  Let us be infamous!  There are many failed adventurers and heroes and none know their names.  I say let us be remembered in infamy, for a villain never truly dies though he live only in legend.  We could be bandit kings but why stoop to such a level when we can reach far higher and take what fate herself has denied us?  I say we reach for the crown itself my friends!  Let us supplant my brother and even my father the King!”  
He continued to draw heavily from the mug of nameless liquid before him and was lost for many minutes in his treasonous expostulations.  Whether he was serious or not, his friends could not tell but his words greatly disturbed them.  They continued to listen and ape interest but the plot (what little of it there was, it was mostly grand words and misty aspirations) had quickly sobered them even as it chilled them to the bone.  They were as empty inside as the prince but where they were content to enjoy all the privileges their rank could bestow, he had long ago failed to be pleased by such vapid entertainments.  He was desperate for something to change and he had almost convinced himself that this was the only way.  He finally finished his diatribe and drained his glass.  He wandered home and his friends followed at a distance.  They saw him safely to bed and then waited sleeplessly for the hour when the King would be abroad.
After an eon, dawn finally revealed her glory and they saw the crown prince emerge from his chambers; they hurried to tell him of his brother’s embryonic treachery.  He listened gravely to the miserable pair; they did not wish to betray their friend, but their friendship was not such that it would be worth their lives if they did not tell and were considered traitors by their silence and seeming complicity.  They finished and the crown prince said, “let us to my father that he may hear these ill tidings.”  
They hastened to the King’s chambers, awakened the slumbering monarch, and told again their terrible tale.  The King began to fume and rage while the Queen begged him to be reasonable and speak with Bryant first, before calling for his head, which of course started a Royal argument.  
The prince and the two lordlings quickly withdrew from the Royal bedchamber and the prince asked, “is my brother in jest, a drunken fool, or a true traitor?”  
They shook their heads, “my lord, we know him little when he is sober; you had best ask him yourself.”  
The prince said, “I shall.”  He turned sharply on his heel and went to find his brother before their father could do something rash.  Bryant was not happy to be so awakened, his head throbbed terribly, but he soon quit complaining when his brother told the reason for his visit.  The elder said, “father may very well banish you for such talk if he does not simply call for your head!  Are you in earnest?”  
Bryant said quietly, “I am not sure, I need something to change and this is as good a scheme as any I can think of.”  
His brother said, “if it had been a drunken jest, perhaps father could be appeased but I am afraid his anger shall fall swiftly and harshly upon you.”  Bryant paled, said nothing, grabbed his sword belt and cloak, and fled the room.  His brother silently watched him go.  He did not wish to see his father’s wrath realized but neither could he acknowledge this cold-hearted stranger as his brother.  By the time the argument was settled and the guards were sent to bring the errant boy to face his father, he was long fled.
Bryant ran for his life.  He was astonished to realize that he might perhaps be a murderous fiend if given the chance, at least if it granted him the end he sought.  He had hoped it had all been the ravings of a drunkard but he was horrified to realize that under the right circumstances he might be capable of doing just as he had boasted.  He fled his father’s wrath but he could not flee the monster that was his own soul.  He ran to the stable, found a saddled horse awaiting his rider, flung himself into the saddle, and galloped out of the courtyard.  The servant that had been saddling the beast tried to pursue the prince with warning but to no avail; he had stolen a wild and dangerous animal that was stubborn beyond belief and resistant to even the cruelest methods of training.  How he even stayed in the saddle was hard to imagine.  He was a magnificent animal and had been brought as a gift to the crown prince by rich merchants as something of bribe, that he might remember them with favor when he succeeded his father.  The creature was physically perfect but had a will of iron and would let no man on his back.  The prince was the first to attain such a feat and that unknowingly.  So they ran, and with the speed of the creature any other horse in the King’s stables would have a hard time catching them.  The beast would deign to be led and saddled but would carry neither men nor burdens.  The crown prince had ordered him saddled and hoped to break him that very morning, hoping to succeed where all others had failed.
They ran hard all day on the shortest road out of the country.  As night was falling they finally stopped, the prince collapsed against a tree just over the border.  His heart sank and his hand reached for his sword as he heard the sound of galloping hooves drawing swiftly nigh.  Six of his father’s guards drew rein a bowshot from the prince and one aimed his arrow at the weary boy.  The bowstring sang as the prince dove to the ground; the arrow embedded itself in the tree just above where his head had been.  The guards then turned and rode off slowly into the dying day.  Cautiously the prince stood and pulled the arrow from the tree.  He found a small piece of paper attached to the shaft, which read, “know you now that you are henceforth banished from all the domains of Ithamar and all title, privilege, and rank is hereby denied you.  If you should ever return, it will be as a criminal and an outlaw and your life is forfeit unless spared by the mercy of the King.”  
Bryant sighed and said to the night air, “I wanted things to change and they have, but not in the way I intended.  I am now an exile, a wanderer, an outlaw, a fugitive, with no home, people, or place to call my own.  I am a fool.”  
The sweat-lathered horse snorted and said, “you are certainly all of that, as am I, but you need not be a fool.”  
The prince sat down hard in surprise and exhaustion, saying, “horses do not talk.”  
The horse eyed him patiently and said, “perhaps, but then again it may be that just the horses of your acquaintance have never spoken.  Either that or I am not a horse.”  He snorted wryly in amusement, as if he had said something rather clever.  
Taking the hint, the former prince said, “if you are not a horse, then what are you?”
The unhorse said, “let us just say I have been banished from amongst my own noble and glorious people and reduced to the state in which you currently find me.  I have been stripped of all that makes my people unique and left a mortal nag.”  
The unprince said, “and what did you do to become as you are?  Who are your people and where do they come from?”  
The unhorse said, “perhaps one day I shall tell you all the tale but for now you must suffice yourself with what I have already revealed.  What of you?”  
The boy sighed, “last night in a drunken rage I spoke of doing terrible things only to awaken and find that all know of my theoretical treachery and that some part of me is not averse to such acts.  I can flee my father’s wrath but I cannot run from my own wretchedness.”  
The horse looked at him thoughtfully and said, “until now I have revealed myself to no one, but trapped as I am, I shall go mad if I trust no one and soon shall think myself nothing but a silly horse in truth.  Seeing as we are both rebels and outlaws, perhaps we can travel together for a time?  I will allow you upon my back in exchange for your aid in keeping me out of the hands of strangers who would happily confiscate a wandering horse as I will seem if I travel alone.”  
The boy laughed weakly, “I admit to you that I am a traitor, willing to do murder and yet I alone of all men am the man you choose to trust?”  
The horse said, “you have not yet killed anyone and the fact that you are horrified at your own thoughts means there is yet some hope for you.  We are both rebels and outcasts, perhaps together we can find redemption upon the road.  Besides, you are alone and desperate and need me as much as I need you.  You shall not get far afoot.”  
“Where then shall we go?” asked the former prince.
The horse shook his head, “I do not know.  Even if I returned to the lands of my people I would not be allowed to or even capable of entering that wondrous land.  You have no skills or relations that might benefit you in the wide world?”  The boy shook his head.  The horse sighed, “then let us go north for now until something draws us elsewhere.”  The boy nodded his agreement, for one direction was as good as any other at the moment.  They wandered off the road a short distance and the boy was soon asleep.  
Morning came and the boy rose damp and stiff but much refreshed, but he had brought nothing to eat or to start a fire with.  Neither did he have a bow.  He had his sword and dagger upon his hastily grabbed belt; his belt pouch was full of coins but there was nowhere to buy breakfast.  He refreshed himself in a swiftly running creek, saddled the horse, and they were soon off though the boy’s stomach complained bitterly.  The horse remarked, “it would be a far easier journey if you could sate yourself with grass as all sensible creatures do.”  
The boy laughed and said, “you are the only sensible herbivore I have ever met.  All other creatures that go on four legs have remained thankfully silent.”  
The horse retorted, “that only proves their sense, for only man opens his mouth and makes sounds for no reason.  At least doubt remains as to whether the silent beasts are truly fools or not; man has proved himself thus time and time again by his speech.”  
About midday they stopped in a small village and the boy purchased what he would need for the journey and some much appreciated food.  They continued on until nightfall at which point, the boy made a rough camp as the horse wandered off for his nightly meal.  They continued on in this manner for several days and nothing truly remarkable happened.  They were traveling north through Sebeka: the neighboring Kingdom to Ithamar, a peaceful and prosperous country that welcomed strangers and most especially their coin.  
The horse said one day as they rode along, “what know you of happenings in the wide world?”  
The boy said, “I paid little attention to world events, current or historic, save for a little about our closest neighbors.  Now I begin to regret my inattention to my studies, for now I see the use of them when previously I thought it all nonsense.”  
The horse said, “I know little of the countries of men, but I shall tell you what I know of your world in general.  It is a vast place and there are many kings and kingdoms; some are prosperous and peaceful, others are evil and warlike, and there are all shades between.  There is also much unclaimed and wild land wherein all manner of beasts and folk strange to men are to be found.  Much of what you consider myth or legend is actually true and flourishes in such places.  In the far south dwells an Evil Prince with much sway in the world.  His minions ride wherever they will and do as they please, causing much grief amongst innocent folk.  His kingdom is called the Infernal Realm and is separated from all else by impassable mountains, though any who wish can freely enter his gates.  All is sere and waste within a hundred miles of those vile peaks and he holds sway over all within their shadow.  Many of the Kings closest to his domain are his vassals and nearly as vile as he.  He is a rebel against the Great King, who dwells far to the north in the Brightlands and once was His greatest servant.  A great chasm in the earth, called the Rift by men, separates those dear lands from all others.”
He continued, “it is said that the Rift is a actually a rift in time and space, having no bottom.  No mortal can cross that chasm save by the will of the Great King or His dear Son, the True Prince whose will is always that of His Father.  It is from the Blessed Mountains that rim the Brightlands that my own kin come and from thence was I banished.  Between the Brightlands and the Infernal Realm are the Grey Lands, in which mortal men dwell and that encompass all you know as real.  It is in this strange plane that you are born, live, and die.  After you pass the gates of death you must enter either the Brightlands, if you are a willing subject of the Great King, else you come under the dominion of the Dark Prince and you will never more come forth from the Infernal Realms.  One day the Great King will reclaim the Grey Lands and forever banish the Dark Prince beyond his own mountains and seal the gate that none may pass out again.  Then will all the world be as it was meant to be, before rebellion brought death and sorrow upon the face of the earth.”  
The boy paled, “I have heard stories and legends of such things but never thought them more than tales.  You tell me this is the truth!  Whatever is a rebel of my standing to do?  Am I doomed to dwell in that terrible place for all eternity?”  
The horse shook his head, “I am a rebel myself and doomed to the same fate unless we can find a way out.  My people are immortal, true and willing servants to the Great King, but alas I refused the duty He asked of me and I was thus banished.  We never spoke of redemption, for we had no need of such a concept, but on these shattered shores on which I find myself the need is truly great.  We must seek out one who can tell us this mystery.”
The boy nodded glumly and hoped with all his heart that a way could be found out of this pit of his own making.  At least he knew now why they rode north; he had no wish to be nearer those awful lands than he absolutely had to be.  “What or who are we looking for?” asked the boy.  
The horse said, “there are supposedly men abroad, servants of the Great King, knowledgeable in all things pertaining to Him and His dealings with fallen men.  It is one of these learned men that we seek, to learn what must be done to redeem ourselves.”  
“Where are such folk to be found?” asked the boy.  
The horse snorted in laughter, “an excellent question.  I know little of mortal lands and know only what I have personally observed since my arrival in this dismal sphere and that which I have overheard men speak in my presence.  Sadly, I seem to know more than you who were born in this place.”  
The boy nodded glumly, ashamed of all he had failed to learn in his life and of all the time he had spent drowning himself in a mug of ale.  The boy said, “perhaps instead of isolating ourselves of an evening, I should visit the local tavern and see if I cannot learn something of these mystics you speak of?”  
The horse nodded in approval, “an excellent proposition.”  They stopped early that evening, for they would not reach the next village before dark.  The horse said to the boy, “be careful, for there are men who do not hold the Great King in high favor.  The Dark Prince has spies and servants everywhere.”  
The boy smiled slightly, “you are worried for my safety?”  
The horse smiled, “let us just say it would be a far more difficult journey alone.”  The boy’s smile deepened as he entered the inn while the horse wandered off into the night.

The boy took a seat far to the back and watched quietly from his private corner.  The innkeeper eyed him speculatively but said nothing, for he caused no trouble.  The boy watched the quiet conversations, tavern games, and the comings and goings of the various patrons.  He marked out several shady looking characters but saw no one who seemed an ideal source of information.  Full dark fell outside the grimy windows as a ragged traveler traipsed into the inn and wandered to the back of the common room.  He surveyed the men scattered about the establishment and his eyes fell upon the boy, obviously a fellow stranger in this place.  He made his way to the back and asked if he might share the boy’s small table.  The boy was intrigued by the stranger and nodded eagerly.  The man took a seat, the serving girl brought him a bowl of stew and some bread, and as he ate his meal he said, “what brings you to this place lad?  One does not often see such youngsters wandering alone, save perhaps a few adventurous lads looking to be heroes.”  
The boy said, “I wander because I must.  My past is behind and all my unknown future lies ahead.  I seek hope in a hopeless world and peace for a disquiet heart.”  
The man smiled secretively and said quietly, “the world is not quite as hopeless as you might think, though sometimes it is dangerous to speak of that which is a light in even the darkest night.  I am willing to speak with you but perhaps in a place less obvious?”  
The boy nodded gravely and said, “my companion and I have ridden far in search of such knowledge.  We are both wanderers seeking rest.  What do you suggest?”  
The man smiled, “let me finish my meal and then we shall talk for a time of trivialities to allay the suspicions of all here.  Then you can wander off into the night and I shall follow when convenient.  Wait for me along the road but well out of sight.”  The boy nodded and they proceeded as planned.
Half an hour after the boy had gone, the man trudged wearily out into the dark, a man obviously too poor to afford a bed in such a place.  A few eyed him speculatively but returned to their drinks, seeing nothing obviously to their benefit in yet another penniless traveler.  The man wandered out into the road and waited silently until the boy crawled out of hiding and drew his attention.  They vanished down an overgrown trail into a little clearing.  The moon stood high and gave enough light to cast their faces into shadow.  “Where is your companion?” asked the curious man.  The boy smiled silently in amused anticipation as a horse stepped out of the shadowed woods and stopped before the man, looking at him as if awaiting some reply.  The man looked from the horse to the boy and back again.  
“Well?” asked the horse, “I have been told that this little interlude shall be worth missing part of my evening repast.”  
The man gaped, “I have not had the pleasure of meeting a talking horse before, unless of course you are not actually a horse?”  
The horse smiled in pleasure, “finally a man with some sense!  Long have I hoped to meet such a specimen.  I of course am no horse, save perhaps in appearance.  And who pray tell are you and how come you to know more of wisdom than most men I have encountered?”  

In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’

There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.


