Once a Thief

Susan Skylark

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Susan Skylark
Revised 2019



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author


Table of Contents:

Map
Book I
Book I: Chapter 2
Book I: Chapter 4
Book I: Chapter 6
Book I: Chapter 8
Book I: Chapter 10
Book I: Chapter 12
Book I: Chapter 14
Book II
Book II: Chapter 2
Book II: Chapter 4
Book II: Chapter 6
Book II: Chapter 8
Book II: Chapter 10
Book II: Chapter 12
Book III
Book III: Chapter 2
Book III: Chapter 4
Book III: Chapter 6
Book III: Chapter 8
Book III: Chapter 10

Other Books by this Author
Sample from ‘Captain of Shadow’
Sample story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away’
Excerpt from ‘The Greylands: Volume VI’
Sample story from ‘Legends of the Brethren’
‘In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea,’ an excerpt from “Of Tea...and Things”
On Sleeping Beauties: A Foible, excerpt





Book I



"We may be fanciful about everything except fairy-tales."  
~The Everlasting Man, G. K. Chesterton~



Chapter 1

The woman was dead.  Darkness fell outside and the boy knelt beside her bed, weeping.  A man stood at the open door holding a lamp.  He glanced at the sobbing boy and the still figure upon the bed; he did not need to ask why the boy cried.  He stared in disgust at his crippled hand, the hand that kept him from providing for his family.  His wife had been a weaver and had provided for the family in his stead, but now she was gone, dead of some illness no one had a name for.  The last light of the retreating sun was engulfed by the coming night: a perfect depiction of the last dying glimmers of hope fading from his heart.  He could neither provide for the boy nor ask the boy to support a crippled father.  Without a word, he turned on his heel and entered the empty barn.  He flung the lamp into a pile of dusty hay; the entire structure was soon engulfed in flames.
The blaze pulled the grieving boy from his mother's bedside, and in horror he watched all that was left of his life vanish in the flames.  He no longer felt grief, horror, or anything at all.  He was numb, his heart was dead and empty within him.  He spent a sleepless night with a myriad of disquiet thoughts running through his mind.  When the sun rose, he found a shovel and dutifully buried his mother.  There was nothing left of his father.  He then went back into the house looking for anything that might have use or value, there was not much to find.  He found a waterskin, a blanket, a few scraps of food, and a tinderbox.  With his meager treasures, he set off with no hope and a broken heart.
 His scanty supply of food quickly disappeared.  For days he lived on nothing but what he could scrounge from the land: a scrawny squirrel, a few berries, a small trout.  He tried to hire himself out to anyone he met, but they distrusted the look of the unwashed and desperate boy.  Times were tough and work was hard to find, even for honest-looking men.  With starvation looming on the horizon and unable to procure food honestly, he became what people feared he already was: a thief.  At night, he would slip onto a farm and steal a few chickens or whatever came easily to hand.  Often dogs or watchful farmers chased him off, but he succeeded often enough to survive.  His wanderings brought him to a large market town where the pickings seemed better than the skinny chickens he was used to poaching.  He learned to sneak through open windows and unlocked doors in the dead of night and filch whatever came easily.  He became skilled at finding targets and avoiding detection.  The locals thought a mob of bandits had invaded their town when it was all to be laid at the feet of one hungry boy.  
One night, he climbed quietly into the second story window of a large house.  He waited on the sill and listened intently.  Once he was sure no one occupied the room, he silently crept inside.  He glanced around quickly and seeing nothing of value, made his way towards the door.  As he crept towards the hallway, he caught the glimmer of moonlight on steel.  Before he could vanish out the window, a man emerged from the hallway and held a sword to his throat.
"So you are the perpetrator behind this little crime wave?" asked a firm voice with the slightest hint of a smile.  The boy nodded dully.  "Are you working alone?" asked the man.  The boy nodded again.  "I am afraid I must arrest you," said the man, "I hope you will not make trouble?"  The boy shook his head and reluctantly placed his hands behind his back.  "Very good," said the man, "cooperate and things will go better for you."  The boy sighed but said nothing.  The man gently, but firmly bound the boy's hands and then, placing a strong hand on his shoulder, escorted him from the house.
 The family was gathered downstairs, both frightened and excited by the night's events.  "That is our gang of bandits?" asked the incredulous father.  
The boy's captor smiled, "it appears to be.  We shall know more in the morning at his trial.  I thank you for your help in apprehending our little thief.  Goodnight."  The entire family bowed politely to the man as he led the boy out into the night.  "You shall spend what little is left of the night in my custody and then in the morning I must turn you over to the local authorities," said the man quietly, "you have cost me much sleep of late."  The boy was not sure but he thought he heard amusement in the strong, quiet voice.  
They entered a small inn and retreated immediately to the man's room.  He unbound the boy's hands long enough for him to eat a little supper and then tied them once more.  The man said, "I am sorry to keep you bound but I am afraid I cannot quite trust you not to run away."  The boy nodded sleepily and gratefully fell into forgetful sleep.  Dawn came too quickly for both of the nocturnal adventurers, but the man roused the boy and instructed him to wash as best he could in the basin of cold water.  After his ablutions, the man took him to the common room for a filling breakfast.  After his first real meal in living memory, the man bound his hands once more and led him to the building in which his trial would be held at midday.  
 The boy was placed in a lonely chair facing a great table at which sat several important looking people, including his captor.  At his back, the room was packed full of curious onlookers from the town.  For the most part, he kept his head bowed and his eyes on the floor, but occasionally he glanced up at the stern faces of the tribunal, hoping to find some glimmer of compassion, but saw only righteous indignation or disgust.  Only his captor maintained a neutral expression.  Finally, everyone seemed ready to begin and the regal man in the middle stood forth and read an extensive list of the boy’s supposed crimes.  Many of the deeds were his, but it seemed anyone that had anything go missing of late had blamed it on him.  He thought he would remember stealing a cow!
Once the list had been read, his captor stood up and said, "I found him last night sneaking into a house where he had no legal reason to be.  He admitted to being the source of your little crime spree and also to working entirely alone.  He tells the truth, but I think the list of his crimes is a bit too extensive.  I doubt the boy stole a cow or anyone's daughter."  
The man sat down and a woman stood, "it is now time for you to make your statement and defend yourself if you can."  The boy said nothing and just sat looking dejectedly at the floor.  It did not seem to matter what the future held for him.  "You decline to make a statement?" asked the woman.  The boy shrugged.  "Very well," said she, "we shall withdraw to decide upon a verdict."  The tribunal withdrew for some little time and then resumed their seats.  
The important man stood again, "it is the judgment of this council that you are guilty as charged, save for some revisions to your extensive list of crimes.  As you are a first time offender and your crimes are not violent in nature, the death penalty is not warranted.  However, your crimes are numerous and it is the decision of this council that you be sentenced to five years in the penal quarries for your crimes."  The boy at last showed some emotion.  The rock quarries were notorious for being a prolonged death sentence, which might be worse than a quick execution.  He would not survive a year, let alone five in such an environment.  His captor noticed his reaction and spoke quietly with the man who had just passed down his sentence.  They argued quietly for a few moments and then the rest of the council joined in the silent debate.  Finally, all nodded in agreement, if not wholeheartedly.
 His captor stood and said, "after some discussion, the penalty for your crimes has been altered slightly.  You are very young, alone, and apparently in desperate straits.  I offer you one last chance to save your life.  I will take you into my custody, and you will serve me a year and a day.  If you do so faithfully and cause no further trouble, you will then be allowed to go wherever you will or to stay on in your service to me, or those I appoint over you.  If you cause trouble or otherwise fail in your duties, you will then be handed over to the overseers of the quarry to work off the balance of your original sentence.  Do you accept this offer?"  The boy nodded adamantly; anything would be better than a lingering death in the quarries.  The man smiled slightly, "very well.  I adjourn this trial."  Everyone stood up and started talking at once.  They were thirsty for vengeance, and this show of mercy was not something they had anticipated.  
The man felt the mood of the crowd and quickly moved to secure the boy and get him out of the room.  The boy did not resist as the man led him from the building.  The crowd was so caught up in their discussion that few noticed that the boy had vanished.  It was many weeks before the tribunal members could speak of anything else to anyone in town.  The man cut the boy's bonds and said quietly, "you will be expected to do as you are told immediately.  Disobedience will not be tolerated.  Do you understand?"  The boy nodded silently.  "Good," smiled the man, "then we shall get on well.  We shall be traveling for several weeks and once we reach our destination we shall see where your fate takes you.  Can you ride?"  The boy shrugged, he was not sure if sitting astride his father's plow horse bareback counted as riding.  "I guess we shall soon see," said the man.  He led the boy back to the inn where they shared a quick lunch.  Afterwards, they went round to the stable where a great horse stood patiently with a shaggy beast beside it, somewhere between a horse and a pony in size.  "Mount up," said the man.
 The boy scrambled awkwardly into the saddle as the man leapt easily onto the great horse.  "Follow me," said the man.  The boy knew something of the theory of riding, but had very little practice in the art of it.  He kicked the shaggy beast in the flanks, but it stood as if rooted to the earth.  The man laughed and reined his horse out of the stableyard and into a back alley.  The pony followed of its own accord and the boy did little else but hang on.  They took the back alleys and little-used lanes out of town so as to avoid being seen.  The man pressed steadily north and east along a narrow cart path.  By evening, the boy was very sore and miserable, but starting to feel some curiosity about his companion and his own future.  It was the first positive attention he had received from anyone since the death of his parents.  As the light was failing, the man dismounted in a little clearing beside a rushing stream.  He caught a few fish and had the boy kindle a fire.  They supplemented the trout with some flatbread from their saddlebags.  As darkness engulfed the surrounding forest, they sat quietly around the fire.  
Finally the man said, "I suppose you are curious about me and where we are going?"  The boy shrugged, but inwardly was dying to know.  The man smiled as if he saw some faint glimmer of the boy's desire shining in his eyes.  He said, "I will tell you more about myself once you have actually told me about you.  I know you are not a great one for talking, but I did save your life and I think you owe me at least that much."  
The boy nodded reluctantly and for the first time in months tried to speak.  At first it seemed either he or his vocal cords had forgotten how to go about such an endeavor, but finally the words came.  The boy said, "my mother took ill half a year ago and died shortly after.  My crippled father took his own life that night.  I was left alone with nothing but the clothes on my back.  I tried to find work, but no one would hire me.  I would have starved had I not taken to thievery.  My path led me to the town we just left.  I stole only out of desperation.  Until they announced my sentence, I really did not care whether I lived or died.  I guess there is still something within me, deep down under all my pain, that cares about something."  
"That explains much," said the man quietly, "I am sorry for your loss and the coldness of the world to your plight, but perhaps the future yet holds hope.  Do you have a name?"  
 The boy almost grinned and said, "I was once called Tristan, but no one has called me anything in a very long time."  
"Well Tristan," said the man, "I am called Darrin.  The next few weeks will be long and uncomfortable, as you are probably not used to riding or sleeping in the open.  But your body will adjust and soon it will come almost naturally to you.  We will be traveling for some weeks and I will expect you to pitch in and help with camp chores and any other tasks I decide you need to do.  You will be treated fairly, but are expected to work hard.  You will be provided with food and a place to sleep and other things as needed or required.  Any questions?"  
The boy nodded, "it sounded as if you might turn me over to someone else in the future?"  
The man smiled, "you have sharp ears and a quick mind.  You are currently in my keeping, but I am not my own master and your future will depend on the decisions made by the Lady of Astoria.  I am often abroad on strange and dangerous missions that are no place for an untrained boy.  I suspect you will be allowed to stay in Astoria until your year and a day is completed, and after that you may stay or go as you choose.  While in Astoria, you will have chores and classes assigned to you.  You can learn many things there, and if you want, can learn a trade of some sort so you no longer have to fall to theft to support yourself."  
"That does not sound much like a punishment," said the boy, "it sounds a better life than I have been living since I left home.  Why take any interest in me at all?"  
The man smiled, "in Astoria, it is believed that all lives are worth something, and if possible, we like to give everyone a chance to prove it.  There are situations that require the use of deadly force, but in a case like yours, much more good can come of your life than simply tossing you into a labor camp to die."  
"I have never heard of Astoria," said the boy, "but then there are many places I have never heard of."  
The man laughed, "we will teach you geography, do not worry.  It is a small country and really is not close to anything, except the Northern Wilds perhaps, and even that is a journey of some miles.  We will continue heading north and east for the remainder of our journey."  The boy seemed to have used up his daily quota of words and lapsed into silence.  Darrin did not press him and they both were soon asleep.
 As the days passed and they continued their journey, the boy opened up more and more each day; his heart slowly crept out from wherever he had deeply buried it.  He began at first to grin just a little, but slowly progressed to a full, heartfelt smile.  He even began to laugh and ask questions, as was natural for a lad his age.  Of course, with the reemergence of his feelings also came his long suppressed grief.  There were times when Darrin happened upon him weeping inconsolably, but he never openly displayed his emotions when he thought he might be seen.  
One evening as they sat by the fire, the man said, "it is all right to cry.  You must not keep the grief buried so deep that it eats away at your heart and causes bitterness and resentment to fester in your soul.  You are no less a man for shedding honest tears.  It will aid the healing if you do not keep back or hide your emotions."  The boy gave him a weak smile of thanks.  As the days passed, the weeping subsided and soon he seemed much more adjusted to the fact that his parents were gone, but life still must go on.  
"Do you have a family?" asked the boy.  
Darrin looked thoughtful for a moment and then said, "my parents and siblings have been dead for many long years.  My current mode of life makes a family impossible.  I have given up the joys of a family in pursuit of other things."  
"What other things?" asked the curious boy.  
"My life is spent defending the innocent and helping the helpless," said he, "my life is fully dedicated to the service of others."  
"Like me!" smiled the boy.  
The man could not help but smile in return, "such is my service and my reward."  
"Are you some sort of knight errant or hero out of the stories?" asked the boy.  
"There have been many stories about others of my kind," said the man, "but I am no hero.  I am simply a man who does what he must on behalf of others."  
"How can you live such a life?" asked the confused boy, "I thought the one thing all men held in common was a propensity to live selfishly."  
"I could not do it of my own accord," said Darrin, "but with the Master's help it is possible."  
"The Master?" asked the skeptical boy, "After what happened to my parents I have come to wonder if such a Being could truly exist.  The stories say he is everything good and wonderful and loving, but how can that be in the face of such evil?"  
The man laughed, "that is a good question and one many people have struggled with throughout the ages.  How can ultimate good and pure love exist in such a damaged and broken world?  The answer lies in the fact that this world was once perfect and unbroken, but something happened to change that.  The Master gave all of His thinking creatures the gift of choice and some of those creatures chose to pursue evil and selfishness.  The Master could have made us all mindless beasts, but such is His love for us that He gave us a mind of our own.  He wants willing servants, not mindless slaves.  It is a long story, but in the morning of the world man chose evil over good and the whole world fell into darkness.  The Master shed His own blood to save us from complete darkness, but we must be willing to accept His sacrifice on our behalf and then live our lives in accordance with His plans.  Those that dedicate themselves to His service completely, body and soul, are called the Brethren and they dwell in fabled Astoria."  
 The boy stared at the man in complete astonishment.  "You really believe all that?" asked the flabbergasted boy.  
The man smiled, "I do not just believe it.  I live it.  I have wagered my very soul upon it."  
The boy said, "then you are one of the Brethren?"  The man nodded.  The boy continued, "is everyone in Astoria one of them?"  
The man laughed, "no.  Anyone who wishes may join our ranks but there is no requirement to do so in order to live in the city or attend classes.  As I said, you will be free to stay or go once your sentence is up."  
"What do the Brethren do?" asked the boy.  
The man said, "as I mentioned, they have dedicated their lives completely to the Master, but there are many different things we can do with our lives in His service.  Many are Teachers who travel about or stay in Astoria teaching the Truth, history, lore, and much else in song and story.  Others are Philosophers who add to our collective knowledge, interpret the Truth and the Law, or act as advisors to Kings.  Then there are the Warriors, such as myself, who use the sword in defense of others and pursue justice.  The smallest sect is the Messengers, who are some combination of the three and are sent on very dangerous and often secret missions by the Lady herself."  
"Very interesting," said the boy, yawning, "but I think I must go to sleep."  
The man smiled, "I hope I am not that dull a speaker?"  The boy shook his head and crawled into his blankets.  The man watched him for some time and then gazed thoughtfully into the fire.

 The end of their journey was as uneventful as the beginning.  After many weeks of riding they finally arrived in Astoria.  The boy gazed in wonder at the walled city and its towering castle.  He looked upon the armed guards and the great seething mass of people going about their daily business with equal trepidation.  He had never seen nor even imagined so many people in one place.  True, there were far greater cities than Astoria, but for one who had never seen any city at all, it was quite a sight.  They rode through the vast maze of shops and homes that had grown up over the centuries to surround the walled city.  At the gate into the city proper, a pair of guards kept careful watch, occasionally questioning those wishing to enter.  They paid no particular attention to Darrin and the boy.  They wound their way slowly through the bustling streets and rode unhindered through the castle gates, though the guards seemed to question everyone else wishing to enter.
The boy whispered, "why do they not stop us?"  
Darrin smiled and said, "I am known here.  They recognize one of their own and know they need not fear us."  The boy wondered what it would be like to be known, accepted, and trusted again.  They dismounted in the courtyard and a servant led Tristan's small horse away, but Darrin's mount was unharnessed and allowed to go of its own accord.  Tristan had noticed before that Darrin never used a bit and his mount was never hobbled.  He wondered at this strange business but said nothing.  Darrin was speaking quietly with a servant who quickly dashed away.  He said, "the servant will see if the Lady has time to see us."  
Tristan jumped, "we are going to see the Lady herself?"  
Darrin smiled, "she deals with many 'small' issues herself.  There is no matter too small for her to take an interest in.  Of course she cannot deal with everything herself, but in this case I think she will become involved; I also need to report upon my last assignment, so she will see us one way or another."  The boy looked mortified.  Darrin clapped him on the back, "do not be afraid, just be polite and you will do well.  She is an impressive woman, but she has not the arrogance of many rulers and nobles.  She still remembers she is human like the rest of us."  The servant returned and motioned for them to follow.  Tristan slunk behind Darrin, feeling as if he were about to meet his own executioner.
 They entered a small but elegant chamber in which the Lady sat, she rose as they entered and made their bows (though Tristan's was quite awkward).  She motioned for them to take the waiting seats as she smiled warmly at Darrin and said, "welcome home.  I will hear your news later, but you must first introduce me to your friend."  Tristan blushed and tried to hide behind Darrin, but there was nowhere to escape her eyes, which seemed to miss nothing.  
Darrin forced the boy to stand beside him and said, "this is Tristan.  I was asked by the residents of Greenfield to help them root out a horde of bandits that had apparently invaded their town.  Their crime wave can be laid at the feet of the boy.  The Mayor and his council were going to toss him into a labor camp.  I intervened and agreed to supervise him for a year and a day if they would spare him the quarries.  He knows that if he disobeys, causes trouble, or runs away he still faces the better part of five years mining stone."  
The Lady looked at Darrin skeptically but said, "he does not look a hardened criminal, perhaps he can yet find a useful purpose for his life."  She looked at the boy, "Tristan, I must send Darrin off to places you cannot go.  You will be allowed to remain in Astoria for the rest of your sentence.  While here, you will be expected to attend diligently to your chores and classes.  You will learn many things, and if at the end of your time here you wish to stay a while longer you may do so.  But you must promise to obey our rules and do as you are told.  I cannot have troublemakers distracting us from our larger purpose.  Will you abide by our laws while you reside with us?"  
The boy looked at the floor but something prompted him to look her directly in the eyes and he gave a very quiet, "yes Lady."  
She smiled, "very well.  Welcome to Astoria.  A servant waits to get you settled.  Darrin will check on you later."  The terrified boy bowed and fled to the door, where a servant led him deeper into the castle.  After the door had closed the Lady and Darrin both laughed.  She said, "it will not be for lack of fear if he fails.  What did you tell him to terrify him so?"  
Darrin shook his head, "I have no idea.  He has had a difficult life of late.  He took to stealing to survive after the tragic death of his parents.  He was cold and emotionless when first I met him, though he has warmed much upon our road hence.  He is a quiet boy but puts his whole heart into everything he does.  I do not doubt that he will do well at whatever he decides to pursue."  The Lady nodded thoughtfully and then they both turned their attention to Darrin's report on his latest assignment.


Chapter 2

It was at the evening meal that Darrin finally found the boy sitting quietly in a corner by himself.  The boy smiled as his friend approached.  Darrin took a nearby chair and said, "how was your first day in Astoria?"  
The boy could not decide whether to cringe or grin.  He said, "I like having new clothes, but I am not sure I like wearing a uniform."  
The man laughed, "it is just so we know what business you have in Astoria, it helps keep things organized.  We cannot have a hundred random students running about without knowing that they are truly our responsibility."  
The boy said, "I am to help in the stables, which is good because I like horses very much.  I am glad I was spared the kitchens."  
Darrin smiled, "I am sorry to tell you that everyone gets to help in the kitchens when need be."
The boy's smile faded but soon returned.  He continued, "there are classes that I cannot wait to take: archery, the sword, equitation, but then there are some that I dread.  What use have I for law and history or even grammar?"  
Darrin laughed, recalling his own feelings as a boy, "trust me, someday those things may be much more useful than you can possibly imagine.  They may be even more important than the classes you want to take."  
The boy looked doubtful but continued, "I thought this was some sort of punishment but I find myself looking forward to the next year."  
Darrin laughed again, "you are here to keep other people safe and to find some proper channel into which to divert your energy and time.  You are giving up a year of your life in exchange for your criminal acts, but no one said that time could not be used constructively."  
The boy smiled, "compared to my previous life, this one is going to be almost luxuriant.  Will I see you much in the coming months?"  
Darrin shook his head, "I am off again on the morrow on another assignment.  I must leave early so I will say my farewells tonight.  I will visit when I am in Astoria, but that is not likely to happen again for some months."  
The boy looked a little sad but said, "thank you for everything.  I have never had a truer friend."  They talked late into the night until a passing servant noticed the errant pair and shooed the boy to bed, as students were to maintain a strict curfew.  Darrin smiled warmly after the retreating boy, who gave him a parting grin over his shoulder.  He would do well.

 During the first few weeks of his life in Astoria, Tristan was so busy learning new things and discovering how things worked that he had little attention to spare for details like making friends.  There were around a hundred students in Astoria at any given time.  They came and went as they pleased, but while attending classes they were required to adhere to very strict rules.  Students left when they felt they had learned whatever it was they wished to know, when they tired of the strict lifestyle, or when other duties called them home or elsewhere.  Some took their Oath and joined the ranks of the Brethren, but still continued to attend various classes until they were sent off with a more experienced member of the Brethren as Apprentices.  
Students came from all over the known world and from all walks of life.  Nobles often sent their younger children to Astoria in hopes of getting them an education that might give them a purpose in life, since they would not be inheriting their father's title as their older brother would.  Some came after an encounter with one of the Brethren in the wide world or out of simple curiosity for the strange people that dwelt in Astoria.  Most of the students were Tristan's age or a little older, but there were people of all ages who attended classes.  Even some of the more experienced Brethren sat in on a class or two in an area of study relevant to their upcoming missions.  The teachers were all members of the Brethren and experts in their particular fields.  The amount of material they expected their students to learn was incredible, but Tristan thrived on the challenge.  To his surprise, he enjoyed history and law almost as much as his more active classes; grammar was still not something he relished but it was a necessary evil.  
 As he became more comfortable with life in Astoria he began to open up to his classmates.  Most were very friendly and open to the newcomer, but as in all levels and types of human society, some were downright mean.  The students were expected to be polite and respectful towards one another and everyone else, but when no one was watching, some of the students could be very cruel to their cohorts.  As a quiet boy with no obvious friends, Tristan became a target of ridicule by several of the older students of noble birth.  The reason for Tristan's presence in Astoria was kept a strict secret known only to the Brethren, as his history would only serve to distract his classmates and make him more of a target.  As it was, he was miserable enough when their attention fell upon him.  The other students wanted to help, but feared incurring the wrath of his tormenters.  The teachers could be prevailed upon to intervene, but this was seen as a sign of weakness and would inevitably lead to more hassling.  
One night after the last class but before supper, Tristan found himself alone with two of the biggest and meanest boys in Astoria.  "Going somewhere?" asked Broc.  
"To supper," said Tristan meekly.  
"Kind of a waste of food, I think," said Merk, "who would waste food on such a puny thing as you?"  
Tristan said with a weak smile,  “at least I do not eat much."  
"Trying to be funny?" asked Broc, "We could give you something to laugh about."  
"He would most likely cry," laughed Merk.  
"What is going on here?" asked a stern voice.  
“Nothing,” said both of the boys in chorus, as they backed away from Tristan.  Their Common Law teacher walked into their midst with a stern look on his face.  
"For your sakes I hope that is the truth, though we both know otherwise," said the man, "you are late for dinner.  You had best get moving."  The two boys turned tail and ran towards the dining hall.  
"Walk with me please," said the man to Tristan.  Silently the boy complied.  "You need not fear them," said the man.  The boy nodded dully.  "They will boast and threaten and insult and maybe even use physical force, but they cannot impact your heart unless you let them," continued the man, "the words of fools should not be allowed to eat away at your heart or mind.  You need not heed their meaningless insults.  One day you will prove your worth, even if today it seems you are alone or useless.  Take heart.  Children can be mean to one another, but deep inside they hurt as much, if not more than you.  Bear their abuse as best you can and remember it will not last forever.  You are an excellent student and have a bright future.  You need not worry about the likes of them."  
The man smiled down at the boy; the boy's smile returned, if weakly.  "Thank you sir," said the boy, "I appreciate your words."  
The man smiled, "I was there once myself.  All things change in time."  The boy often tried to remember his words in the coming days.
Broc and Merk were not happy about being driven from their prey, but there would be more chances to hassle the boy in the future.  They maintained a sort of hierarchy amongst the students, of which they were the leaders, even though the majority of the students did not care for such things, it was an inevitable part of their social structure.  Tristan was a bright student and excelled at everything he did, which did not endear him to some of the more competitive amongst the student body.  They carefully plotted their next attack on the boy, if only to show everyone else who was in charge.  
One afternoon after his riding class, Tristan was walking his horse back to the city when Broc and Merk rode up behind him and grabbed the back of his tunic, dragging him into the saddle in front of Broc.  In his surprise, Tristan dropped his reins.  The boys galloped their horses into the surrounding woods until they were safe from observation.  Once they were away from prying eyes Broc flung the boy to the ground, threw his reins to Merk, and dismounted triumphantly.  Broc stood before the boy, who struggled to rise.  "You lost your horse runt," laughed Merk, "the Lady does not look kindly on such things.  Perhaps it would be best if you just ran off and never came back."  
Tristan glared at the boys before him, "I have no wish to nor am I able to run away for reasons which neither of you could possibly understand."  
"A bit of a temper there laddie," laughed Broc, "not a trait they look for among the Brethren.  Of course you will never be good enough for that.  They would never take someone like you.  They are practically begging me and Merk to join, though we are not sure the lifestyle would suit us.  So now what are you going to do with your life since you can be sure they will never let you take the Oath?"  
Tristan looked at them thoughtfully for a moment and said, "I know little of such matters and had not even considered it as an option.  Though if they welcome the likes of you, I want no part of them."  
This did not sit well with either Broc or Merk and they swiftly let the boy know how badly he had erred.  They rode away laughing, leaving the soundly thrashed boy to find his own painful way back to Astoria, or more likely to crawl away in disgrace.  As they rode back, they found Tristan's wandering horse and caught up the reins, leading it back into the city.  As they turned their mounts over to the waiting servants, one asked, "why do you have three horses?  Where is the other boy?"  
Broc shrugged, "we just found the beast running loose.  We do not keep track of every student that runs about the place."  The servants exchanged worried glances.  Broc smiled knowingly at Merk and they made their way laughing towards their next class.  
 Tristan did not appear for either of his final afternoon classes and his instructors immediately notified the Lady, knowing of his peculiar situation.  The servants also reported that his horse had been found wandering loose outside the city.  A pair of Warriors was sent in search of the errant boy and the Lady feared she would have to send him back to his original fate.  He was a very promising student and she would regret doing it, but such was his situation and his promise.  They found the boy not far into the woods that surrounded the city; he was a muddy mess and his face was streaked with tears.  The men dismounted and gently tried to help him up, but he shuddered and drew away when they touched him.  They exchanged worried glances and fashioned a sort of stretcher out of cloaks and branches.  Slowly they carried the miserable boy back to Astoria.  
The Lady was relieved when the boy was found and obviously not intentionally disobedient, but appalled at his current condition.  He would say nothing as to the cause of his injury.  He was cleaned up, found to be very badly bruised, but was otherwise unharmed.  This was far more of a bruising than one might expect from simply falling off a horse.  The Lady addressed the hitherto silent student.  "Tristan," said she, "you must tell me what happened."  
Such was her presence and concern that finally, after a flood of tears, he said, "Merk and Broc have taken a great disliking to me and when I said something they did not appreciate, they set about teaching me a lesson."  The Lady was mortified that such should happen to one of the students in her charge, especially when the cause was a fellow student.  
"Why would you not speak?" asked she.  
He sobbed a bit and said, "if they discover that I told the cause of my injury they may do worse in the future."  
She shook her head, "such behavior cannot be tolerated among the students.  You have no reason to fear them, I will deal with this personally."  She nodded to a waiting servant and he went to fetch the students so named.

 The students were soon brought before the Lady, beaming proudly.  Tristan had been hidden out of sight for the moment.  She looked at the boys sternly, "do you know why I have summoned you?"  
"No my Lady but your wish is our delight," said Broc smarmily.  
She smiled grimly and said, "it would be my delight to know why you have severely bruised one of my students?"  The boys looked slightly startled and very annoyed that they had been discovered.  After several similar incidents, the victims had quietly crept away from Astoria in fear or shame with never a word of it reaching the Lady.  She continued, "how many other students have you bullied, hassled, or driven away?  I will not tolerate such behavior within Astoria, especially among the students.  Have you anything to say for yourselves?"  
They thought about lying to her, but the severity of her countenance warned them that that would be a very bad idea.  Merk said, "we were simply helping to weed out the weaker students so they would not be a burden to you."  
The Lady said in a voice dangerously quiet, "if I wanted such assistance I would ask for it.  It is not for you to decide who is and who is not worthy of being one of my students.  I cannot have such things happening and I will not stand for it.  You are both forthwith barred from Astoria for a year.  If at the end of that year you wish to return, we will discuss this further."  
"What?" gasped Broc, "My father is a man of great importance.  How dare you!  Our very presence here is an honor to Astoria.  We had thought to join your precious Brethren, but after this outrage we may reconsider."  
The Lady resumed her grim smile, "you could not take the Oath without my permission and with such an attitude as yours I would not have allowed it."  
"What gives you the right to deny us?" asked Merk.  
"The Master Himself," said the Lady, "the Oath is a very serious matter and is not to be entered into lightly or on a whim.  It will consume your entire life and your very soul.  I will not even consider candidates who approach me with an attitude of arrogance and pride.  It is something to be accepted with humility and grace.  Perhaps in a year's time you will have had a change of heart and then we shall see."  
The boys glared at her temerity and Merk said, "our fathers are powerful men and you will regret this."  
The Lady smiled and said, "I doubt that very much."  
Merk said, "this is not finished between us."  
The Lady motioned for the servant to open the door; she said, "oh, it is very much finished, at least for now.  Farewell."  Two warriors entered and she said, "escort these two from Astoria.  They are to take whatever they brought when they came but nothing else."  The men bowed and herded the young men out.  There was much complaining and many evil looks from the boys.  The Lady could only shake her head.
 Once the other boys were gone, the Lady summoned Tristan from his hiding place.  She said, "they will not bother you again."  
The boy looked at her in concern and said, "but why dare their fathers' wrath by sending them away?"  
The Lady smiled, "they have sorely abused their rights to be here.  I should have done that long ago but I was unaware of the situation.  If any more such situations arise, you must notify me immediately."  
Tristan looked nervous, "Lady, I do not wish to carry tales and be thought a snitch."  
The Lady smiled gently, "disruptions of this nature need to be brought to my attention.  I am not asking you to tell me every little sin your comrades commit."  
He nodded in submission.  Then he said, "they said I would never be accepted as one of the Brethren because I am not good enough.  I have not even thought of joining, but are their words true?"  
The Lady almost laughed, "none of us are good enough of our own doing.  Even I need the Master's help on a daily basis to meet His standards.  I do not turn people away from the Brethren because they are not strong, talented, or smart enough else I would have no one.  I only turn away those that come with an unworthy attitude such as your former comrades.  Service to the Brethren is something to be given in humility, not taken in pride.  I see no reason why you should not be allowed to take the Oath should you wish to do so."  
The boy smiled weakly, "I am still not sure what to think of the Master.  I can understand that my father's death was of his own doing, but why did my mother die?  What crime did she commit that she deserved to get sick?  How can such evil happen to good people if the Master is as loving and good as you claim him to be?"  
She put a gentle hand on his shoulder and led him to a couple of comfortable chairs off to one side of the room.  They sat and she said, "you are wise to question such things.  Every man that walks the earth must eventually face that question.  The short answer is that neither Man nor the world is what the Master created it to be.  All began in perfection, but something dreadful happened to change all of that.  The Master gave Man a choice.  And Man, of his own choosing, rebelled against the Master and caused evil and grief to enter the world.  Not only was Man himself irrevocably changed, but so too was all of creation.  As things stand, men can be reconciled to the Master through the blood that was shed in our stead, but we must each choose to accept His offer or continue to walk in darkness.
Creation itself has not yet been redeemed and for as long as time continues it will continue to be flawed and broken.  Death, disease, hurricanes, floods, and all else that wreaks havoc on the natural world are all contrary to the Master's plans but the inevitable effect of our own terrible decisions.  Your mother did not die because she deserved to, but because things like that happen in our fallen world.  The wonderful thing is that the Master has not abandoned us to our fate; He often uses tragedy to bring forth great blessing.  What the Enemy means for ill, the Master uses for His own purposes.  Your mother's death was a tragic event, but because of it your life has a chance to become something much greater than either you or she ever imagined.  Tristan, you have great potential and I look forward to seeing what becomes of you."  
"Thank you," said the boy, "you have given me much to consider."  He smiled weakly and bowed himself from her presence.  She watched him go and wondered what choice he would make.

 With Broc and Merk gone, life among the students became much more cheerful.  Fear no longer haunted the steps and dreams of those deemed 'unworthy' by the more aggressive members of the student population.  Those of like mind to the banished students were cowed into more polite and respectful behavior.  Tristan became something of a hero among the other students for standing up to the bullies and not running away from Astoria, as had several others after previous encounters.  With the flight of their main tormentors, the other students were able to abandon their fear of being bullied and spend time getting to know Tristan.  Tristan was sore for several days and unable to participate in the more physical aspects of his education, but soon enough he was feeling well enough to endure his normal routine.  Without the constant specter of Broc and Merk darkening his life, Tristan began to enjoy his stay in Astoria more and more.  He became well acquainted with many of his fellow students and formed a strong friendship with three in particular.  Emilia was a blacksmith's daughter from Thespia and had ridden to Astoria alone to discover what the fabled city held for her.  Conrad was the fourth son of a farmer from Arca and came in search of knowledge.  Kile dreamed his whole life of adventure and thought Astoria the place to find it.  
They were a strange mix of interests, talents, and backgrounds, but they found in one another a love for life and knowledge that easily overcame their differences.  One major difference between Tristan and his friends was their view of the Brethren.  The other three planned to take their Oaths as soon as they were of age and gained the Lady's blessing.  Tristan was still of a mixed mind as to how he felt about the whole thing.  He knew the Brethren were skilled and honorable people, but did he want to dedicate his whole life to such a cause, especially when he still had questions about the nature of the Master.  He could see joining a particular group for a time and serving honorably, but the whole idea of swearing one's soul in service to any one or thing made him uneasy.  It was his soul after all and these things needed to be considered carefully.  Tristan's friends were patient and respectful of his reluctance to enter into such a vow.  They talked with him at length about many aspects of the decision and were always happy to answer his thoughtful questions.  He was still undecided when word came to him that Darrin was due back in Astoria very soon.  The boy's heart leapt at the thought of his friend’s return.  He had so many questions that his friends could not answer though they tried valiantly.

Finally, upon an evening, a lone horseman rode up the long empty road to the city.  Darrin entered the courtyard of the castle about the time the evening meal was to begin.  Tristan saw him immediately and rushed towards him.  The boy had grown much during his absence and in the dim light it took Darrin a moment to realize who it was that was flinging their arms about him.  He laughed in delight, "still here I see!  How go things with you?"  
The boy laughed with joy, "I am very well, though I have many questions to ask of you."
"As do we," said a smiling young woman standing alongside two boys.  She and her companions bowed to Darrin and she continued, "we know little of Tristan's history and his silence perplexes us.  We are hoping you may shed some light on the matter."
Tristan glared good naturedly at his friends but introduced them to Darrin, who said, "I am unable to disclose anything unless the Lady or Tristan give me leave to do so, but if you insist, he may allow me to say something."  Tristan could only sigh.  They went in to dinner and afterwards Darrin sought out the Lady to give his report.  Then he found his young interrogators and prepared for the onslaught.  They sat up long into the night (well past curfew) peppering the man with questions and listening to his stories.  Finally, Tristan allowed his mysterious past to be revealed.  His friends found it an interesting tale, but nothing all that intriguing or necessitating such secrecy.  Tristan was not sure whether to be pleased or disappointed that his former crimes elicited so weak a response.  Finally they came to the crux of why they wished to hassle the travel-weary warrior. 
 Emilia said, "we are all determined to take our Oath when the time comes, but Tristan cannot make up his mind one way or the other.  We have answered every conceivable question, but still he will not choose.  I do not wish him to rush into a decision but not knowing is driving me mad."
 Darrin smiled and said, "Tristan, do you wish to be the cause of your friend’s insanity?  What keeps you from deciding one way or the other?  It is not a hard decision."
Tristan blushed and said, "I have nothing against the Brethren or their mission but this whole business of dedicating one's soul to something makes me a little uneasy.  How can you swear your soul away to anything?  I can understand serving for a time with a group of dedicated individuals but how can you know that you wish to dedicate your very soul to any cause?"  
Darrin nodded, "it is a fair question, but I think you do not fully understand how we see the matter.  I shall try my best to enlighten you, but I am not a philosopher so go easy on me.  You would agree that mankind does not actually own anything if you consider that we are born with nothing and nothing follows us beyond the grave?  Your house, your money, even your body no longer matter or belong to you after death, correct?"  The four students nodded.  Darrin continued, "the same could be said about your soul.  We are not our own masters, neither did we create ourselves.  When you come right down to it, we either belong to the Master or the Evil One.  No one else has a say in what happens to our souls.  The one thing we do have however, is a choice.  We can choose to dedicate our lives (and our souls) to the Master's keeping or we can decide to live as we please and leave them by default to the Enemy.  If you are not consciously living for the Master you are serving the Evil One, if only via benign neglect."  
Tristan turned white and said, "if you are not one of the Brethren you are automatically a servant of the Enemy?"  
Darrin shook his head, "I did not say that.  You can still live your life for the Master without taking the Oath.  Most people are not called to such a life, but they can still serve the Master in their daily lives and in everything they do.  Tristan, I am not so concerned about whether you take the Oath or not, but I do want to know that whatever you decide to do with your life that you do it for the right purpose."  
Tristan looked a little less pale and said, "I once thought the Master a myth or at least indifferent, but through much thought and discussion have discovered Him to be who and what everyone here says He is.  There is no reason to worry that I would not live my life according to His precepts, it is far better that than the alternative.  And it seems my soul belongs to someone else even if I never swear it away thus negating my previous concerns.  I was very anxious about the whole idea of losing one's soul for a cause, but I am beginning to see that that is perhaps the only way to keep it.  I still do not know if I shall ever join the Brethren, but I can promise to live my life for the Master."  
Darrin nodded, "a wise decision, but you must also decide what to do with your life.  There is nothing wrong with finding a nice girl and settling down to raise children and corn, or learning a trade, but I think you have much potential that could benefit others if directed appropriately.  I am not trying to push you into a decision, but simply telling you that you could do great things in service to the Brethren."
Tristan sighed and said, "I still need time to think on it, but I thank all of you for your information and your patience."  
Darrin said, "tomorrow is the one day of the week that you do not have classes.  Perhaps you and I could go for a ride and see what other questions you might have?"  
Tristan smiled and said, "I would like that very much."  There were some things he did not wish to discuss even in front of his friends.  
Emilia said, "we would like to come as well."  
Darrin said, "perhaps you three could meet us at noon at the ruins north of the city?"  The others agreed and Tristan looked forward to the morrow's adventures, though he was not so thrilled to awaken at the early hour Darrin thought appropriate.  They sought their beds to find what sleep they could.
 Darrin woke Tristan at a very difficult hour for one who had gone to bed so late, but he did not complain overly much.  They found some food in the kitchens that could be eaten in the saddle and were soon on their way.  Tristan usually spent his free day studying or talking with his friends, but he felt that today’s adventure would be an excellent use of his time.  He had been in Astoria long enough that he should be near the point at which he could settle upon his future course.  He would need to make a decision regardless, soon his classes would be determined by the path he wished to pursue; he could not continue effectively as a student without some idea as to what he was doing with his future.  They rode silently for a time and then Darrin said, "so what thoughts have you had on your future?  I do not doubt you have often dreamt of becoming a blacksmith."  
Tristan laughed at the idea of himself working a hammer and bellows all day; he was not built for such a thing.  He said, "I am not really interested in acquiring a trade or farming.  I want to work with my hands as part of what I do, but I want to use my mind foremost in whatever I pursue.  I have considered the Brethren, but it seems they either spend too much time in thought and very little time in more physical pursuits or vice versa."  
Darrin laughed, "are you saying I use my sword far more than my mind?"  
Tristan blushed, "I did not mean that at all.  I just meant that I wanted something a bit more balanced.  You have a very sharp mind, but your sword finds far more use."  
"I see," said Darrin, "you want a job that exercises both your mind and your body on a regular basis?  Though I must know enough about law, ethics, philosophy, and the like to get by, I need not know half as much as a Philosopher or a Teacher whereas they need not be so skilled with a blade as I.  You want to be a cross between the two?"  
Tristan smiled, "I suppose that would be my ideal situation.  I cannot stand to be idle yet my mind must also find occupation."  
Darrin said thoughtfully, "have you not heard of the Messenger sect of the Brethren?"  Tristan shook his head.  Darrin continued, "they are the smallest branch of the Brethren and are often absent on vital missions for the Lady so are seldom seen in Astoria.  Their missions are such that they must be as well-versed in all areas of knowledge as a Philosopher, as well-spoken as a Teacher, and as skilled with the sword as any Warrior.  Only the brightest and most talented applicants are accepted, the rest of us fall wherever our strengths and interests lie.  It may be what you seek.  It is a dangerous life, but never dull and their work is often vital to the survival of the Brethren and relative peace between the nations."  
Tristan looked thoughtful for a moment then said, "it sounds like something I would be very interested in, but you said they take only the best?  What chance would I have?"  
Darrin laughed, "the Lady says you are one of the brightest students to visit Astoria in a century.  I think you have a very good chance of making the cut.  Even if you fail and must choose another sect in which to serve, we all must use our minds as well as our swords, we just do not have such an exciting life as the Messengers."  Tristan nodded his thanks and they talked of other things.  They met his friends at the rendezvous and enjoyed a leisurely lunch before mounting and enjoying an afternoon ride together.  They rode slowly and each often moved ahead or behind within the group as they felt the urge to speak with someone.  As evening approached, they made their way back towards the city.


Chapter 3

Earlier that day, twenty armed men had ridden up to the outer gates of the city and demanded an audience with the Lady.  The Lady had allowed the leaders of the party and two guards to enter the castle.  It seemed they had not heard the last of Merk and Broc, as their fathers had sent a delegation to the Lady.  The men dismounted in the courtyard and did not bother bowing to the Lady as she stood before them.  The Brethren accompanying her looked scandalized.  “What is the meaning of this outrage?” demanded one of the as yet unnamed visitors.  
“Of which particular outrage are you speaking?” asked the Lady serenely. 
The man glowered at her and said, “you have quite unreasonably banished our masters’ sons from your insignificant little country; I was sent to find out why.”  
The Lady smiled grimly, “you call an unprovoked assault upon the persons of several of my students an unreasonable cause for dismissal?”  
The man scowled, “what is so serious about a bruised peasant?  They were not even of noble birth.  They had probably done something to deserve it anyway.  My master has ever been generous in supporting this institution, but no more.  After this little incident, he will no longer financially support your backwards band of renegades, unless of course you offer a full apology and welcome back those you have so grievously wronged.  We also demand that you hand over the boy responsible for the whole debacle.”  
The Lady said grimly, “we have long survived without your master’s aid and I am sure we can endure without it hereafter.  My edict stands and no amount of bribery or threats will change that.  I will not give an innocent boy into the hands of hostile men.  Merk and Broc may return for reevaluation in one year’s time as previously stated.  Good day.”  She turned on her heel and marched regally from the courtyard, leaving her stunned audience to depart at their own convenience.  They angrily mounted their horses and headed out of the city.  As they exited the outer gates of the city, night was falling and five riders wearily approached the gates.

As Tristan’s party approached the city, he had at last come to a decision.  He caught everyone’s attention and said, “I have finally made up my mind, if only to spare Emilia’s sanity.”  
Emilia wore a look of mixed curiosity and happy anticipation.  “Go ahead,” urged she.  
Tristan laughed and said, “my heart has known almost since my arrival here what I should do, but it has taken my head some time to become fully convinced.  I shall join the rest of you in taking your Oaths next spring.”  There were several cheers and some good-natured teasing.  
Kile asked, “so which sect are you planning to join?  I think you would make a fine Warrior.”  
Darrin smiled knowingly as Tristan continued, “I think I would like to try to become a Messenger.”  All save Darrin and Emilia looked at him in stunned silence.  
The girl said, “leave it to Tristan to choose the impossible, but I think he will do very well.”  He smiled gratefully at her.  Their conversation ended abruptly as they approached the city gates and faced the twenty departing horsemen.  The leaders of the little expedition had just returned from their rather disappointing interview with the Lady and were itching for a chance to cause trouble.  They looked upon the new arrivals hopefully, especially the four young ones.
Darrin rode to the front of the group and said, “why do you bar our way?”  
The leader of the delegation said, “we have come on business to the Lady and it has not been resolved to our liking.  Perhaps you can assist us?”  
Darrin said, “this matter is between you and the Lady.  We can do nothing without her consent.  Let us pass.”  
The man laughed contemptuously and said, “we will let you pass once we are satisfied.  Who are these youngsters with you?  There is one boy in particular that we seek, perhaps he is among your party?  Will you cooperate or must we use force?”  
Darrin said, “you dare threaten violence in the very shadow of Astoria?”  
The man said menacingly, “we will do what we must.  Seize them!”  
Darrin ordered the four, “run!”  Long used to taking orders, the four students wasted no time in laying their heels to their horses’ flanks and took off at the gallop.  As the students fled, Darrin’s mount reared, where once a black horse stood, now a unicorn in its full glory pawed the air.  The horses of the delegation reared and fled in panic at the terrible sight, but five men kept their saddles and turned their panicked mounts after the fleeing students.  With no sign of immediate trouble coming from the unhorsed delegation, Darrin and his unicorn took off in pursuit of the five mounted soldiers.  
Tristan glanced back over his shoulder and saw a silver-glowing shape and total panic amongst the enemy horsemen, but he also saw five riders in close pursuit.  The glowing creature turned its attention from the downed soldiers and also gave chase.  Tristan yelled to his fellows, “split up!”  The others agreed, with Kile and Conrad going one direction while Tristan and Emilia went the other.  By now, the glowing equid had caught up with the three lagging riders and turned to confront them, leaving the two remaining soldiers to split up in pursuit of the students.  The rider pursuing Tristan and Emilia soon caught up to the slightly trailing girl.  She screamed as the man pulled her bodily from her saddle.  Tristan turned his horse and went back for his captured friend, as the girl fought her captor with all her might.  He could not keep his hold on both her and the reins and was forced to drop the latter.  His horse slowed and wandered of its own accord.  As the man continued to struggle with the girl, Tristan rode up to the straying horse and grabbed the reins.  The soldier finally realized what was happening, he flung the girl to the ground and drew his sword.
Tristan dismounted, still holding the reins of the soldier’s horse.  Emilia was struggling to her feet as Tristan said, “get on my horse.”  She quickly complied.  “Ride!” yelled the boy with all his might.  She gave him a plaintive look but did as he bade her.
The soldier slid from the back of his horse to retrieve the reins from the recalcitrant boy.  Tristan let go of the horse and slapped him on the rump; the animal gave an indignant whinny and ran off, leaving Tristan alone with the soldier.  The boy glanced about desperately in search of something with which to defend himself.  He reached for a branch, which was little defense against the sword of the approaching soldier.  The man said, “I will deal with you and then go after your little friend.”  The man raised his sword and struck at Tristan.  Tristan caught the blade on his stick, breaking it in two.  Tristan discarded the branch and faced his opponent unarmed.  The man laughed at the inevitability of the situation.  He raised his sword again and Tristan saw death written in the man’s eyes.  At the last moment, a strong hand grasped his collar and pulled him into the saddle in front of the rider.  He gasped at his sudden rescue and at realizing he sat aback a unicorn.  
“Darrin?” asked the astonished boy.  
The man laughed and said, “who else is always there to keep you out of trouble?”  
Darrin turned his attention to the startled soldier, “I would suggest you join your fellows upon the road.”  The man gave a startled yelp, dropped his sword, and ran to rejoin his comrades.  
“What about the others?” asked Tristan anxiously.  
Darrin laughed and said, “they are quite safe.  Look.”  As Tristan gazed into the distance, he saw several more slightly glowing equine figures abroad upon the field.  More of the Brethren had come to the aid of the students.
They rode back to the city gates where the unhorsed men sat under the watchful eyes of a dozen mounted Brethren.  Four more unicorns, including Darrin’s mount, approached their fellows upon the road.  Tristan saw his three friends each safely astride a unicorn in front of their rescuers.  They each smiled broadly in relief at the sight of their friends.  The Lady herself rode out of the city gates, looking grim as death.  The assembled Brethren bowed in their saddles at the approach of their leader; she nodded regally in response.  She turned her piercing eyes upon the perpetrators of the night’s excitement, “what is the meaning of this?”  
Their leader said, “we only wished to seize that which was our due.  You denied us justice so we thought to take it upon ourselves to procure it.”  
“What form of justice is accomplished by kidnapping innocent students?” asked she sternly, “Be gone from this place immediately and if ever you return with hostile intentions your lives shall be forfeit.  Go!”  
“What of our horses?” demanded the leader.  
“You have your lives, be content,” said she.  Knowing her to be deadly serious, the entire party fled in terror.  Silently, she turned her mount and rode back into the city.  The rest of the Brethren followed, their unicorns once again disguised as mortal horses.  
As they rode back to the castle, Tristan asked Darrin, “how can you ride upon the back of such a noble creature?”  
Darrin laughed quietly and said, “how have you been in Astoria this long and have never learned anything about unicorns?  Have our teachers fallen so far short?”  
Tristan laughed with embarrassment, “I have yet to take such classes.  Do not blame my teachers, just my class selection.  I have only heard tales of the unicorn and once thought them myth.  Can you tell me more of them?”  
Darrin smiled wryly, “you will learn more when you take the appropriate classes, but I will tell you a little.  Since the very foundation of the Brethren, each of us has had the companionship of these noble creatures.  They are thinking creatures, unlike common horses, and some argue they are far wiser than most men.  They carry no one except by their choosing.  They are swift of foot and difficult to exhaust.  If their master is mortally wounded, they can even take the wounds upon themselves thus sparing the man’s life at the cost of their own.  You can find no greater friend or a more faithful companion.”  Tristan was wide-eyed and silent.  By now they had entered the courtyard of the castle and the party dismounted and dispersed back to their regular duties.  Darrin escorted the four students into a small chamber in which they found the Lady awaiting them.  They made their bows.
“You four have had quite an evening,” said she warmly, “I am sorry for the behavior of my visitors.  They came seeking ‘justice’ in the case of Merk and Broc, but I would not satisfy them.  They then apparently decided to take matters into their own hands.  I am glad to see no greater harm has come of their boldness.  I am proud of each of you in handling this crisis as calmly as you did.  Tristan, your defense of Emilia was far beyond what is expected of any of our students; you have my gratitude, with such a heart for others it would be a shame to waste your life in meaningless pursuits.  Will I one day have the pleasure of your service?”  
The boy blushed and bowed as he said, “Lady, I have only today decided to take my Oath if given permission to do so; I also wish to seek service within the Messenger sect.”  
The Lady smiled and said, “I hereby grant you permission and when you have come of age, you may do as you have asked.  I do not doubt that you have what it takes to join the ranks of the Messengers.”  She bid them goodnight and exited the chamber.  The rest were silent as they made their way to the dining hall for supper.  At supper there was much excitement and talk of the events of the evening and the four students found an attentive audience.  They were very late in getting to bed.  Darrin bid them all farewell, as he was to leave early the next morning.  They thanked him profusely for the rescue; he smiled and disappeared into the corridor.  Emilia bid the boys good night and went in search of her own room.  The boys all shared one small room and spent much of the night discussing the adventures and revelations of the day.  

With their plans now set as to their future endeavors, each of the four were assigned to classes more suited to their future pursuits.  Emilia took many classes in lore, history, and storytelling as she wished to join the Teaching sect.  Conrad spent his hours immersed in philosophy and Law as he wished to become a Philosopher.  Kile, who wished to become a Warrior, was ever to be found honing his martial skills.  Tristan found himself delving into every discipline imaginable.  While all had to know the basics of everything, Tristan was expected to be proficient in all areas and not just to possess a basic understanding.  The boy throve upon the challenge.  Each of the students was of an age and all would reach their sixteenth birthdays before the Spring Oathtaking.  
An Oathtaking was held twice a year and was occasionally done more often if a large number of applicants was ready or in extreme circumstances could be done individually.  Tristan’s year and a day sentence was soon completed, and he happily chose to remain in Astoria.  As the day of the Oathtaking drew near, the candidates grew ever more excited but also very nervous: it was a day that would literally change their lives forever.  The day finally arrived and the applicants gathered upon the crown of a hill long ago rent in two by an event that shook the very foundations of the world.  They stood upon one side of the great fissure and the Lady and attending Brethren stood upon the other.  The great lawn was surrounded by the walls of the castle, which sat atop the immense hill; the city proper marched away down the hill below them.  
Silence fell as the Lady spoke, “millennia ago in this very spot, the Master Himself was slain to prevent the shedding of innocent blood.  Death could not keep Him hostage and still His presence and power are strong in the world that fell from innocence that fateful night.  But He no longer intervenes directly in the affairs of men, save in rare instances, but works through His servants to accomplish His plans.  You are gathered here to enter into that service.  It is not something to be taken lightly, for it will consume your entire lives and may even cost you your life one day.  If any here so wishes, they may withdraw at this time.”  No one moved.  She continued, “very well.  Let the Oathtaking begin.”
The Lady’s unicorn stepped forward and the applicants gasped as the Lady used a strange, pointed object to draw forth a stream of silver blood from the creature’s great neck vein.  An assistant caught the precious fluid in a cup as the Lady stemmed the silver flow with a few expert stitches.  She said, “you have come today to swear an Oath before all here assembled.  To serve none but the Master, His laws and truth, and those appointed by Him to oversee said Truth.  You swear to forsake all personal possessions, dreams, and aspirations.  You swear to dedicate your lives to His service alone: to uphold justice, peace, and love for others.  You swear to lay down your life, if need be, in defense of the helpless and the Truth.  You swear to abide by the Common Law, the Truth, and the laws of the Brethren.  You swear not to enter into marriage with any save one who has also sworn the Oath.  You do not swear to be perfect, but to try your best and overcome your weaknesses.  You may forsake this Oath at any time of your own choosing or you will be forsaken by the Brethren and the Master if you grievously and intentionally violate the tenets you have sworn herein and upon such occasion you shall lose all rights, responsibilities, and privileges acquired by the taking of this Oath.”  
She looked solemnly at each of them and said, “does any here have any doubts or questions about what the Oath entails?”  Again no one spoke.  “Then come forward and if you swear the Oath, step across the crevice and say so before the assembled witnesses and the Master Himself.  If any wish to forego the Oath, let him leave now.”  Again no one moved.  “Then you may take your Oath,” she said.  Individually, each candidate stepped across the crevice and said, “I so swear.”  As they did so, each applicant took a drop of the silver blood on their tongue and completed the ceremony.  The only overt physical change any of them noticed was that anyone who had also taken the Oath now had a faint glow about them, allowing the Brethren to distinguish their fellows.  Once the last candidate had taken their Oath, the assembled Brethren gave a cheer and warmly greeted their new comrades.  At supper that night, they ate at the Lady’s table in a place of honor.
Tristan felt an overwhelming sense of both peace and power after he had taken his Oath.  His senses towards things pertaining to the Law, the Truth, and the Master seemed heightened, and he felt he somehow had keener insight into such matters than was normally mortal wont.  He also felt an immense sense of duty towards the Master, the Brethren, the Lady, and his fellow men.  It was a very strange but exhilarating experience.  He could not wait to begin his new life in service to others.  Whatever he had lost personally by swearing his life to the Master, he had certainly gained back in purpose and contentment of heart.  He did not need to share his feelings with his friends, for they smiled knowingly at one another.  They talked long into the night of their future adventures.
As they were still very young and had much to learn, none of them was yet assigned as an Apprentice to a field agent, as some of the older and more experienced candidates were.  They continued to take classes as they previously had and would do so until they were deemed ready to begin their apprenticeships to a more seasoned Brother.  The only major change in their routine was a change of uniform and permission to go about armed (students were forbidden to carry weapons about their persons unless participating in a class involving such or unless sworn to the Brethren).  Over the course of the next few months, it was expected that each newly sworn Brother would meet the unicorn with whom they would share many adventures.  The creatures would simply appear one day and refuse to leave.  No one knew how such things were decided within the ranks of the unattached unicorns, but each of the Brethren always had a suitable mount when they needed it.  
After the Oathtaking, some of Tristan’s friends amongst those who were too young or not interested in joining the Brethren were a little distant.  He soon realized his life was now on a radically different path than it had been only the day before, much would never again be the same.  But he did not mourn the loss.  Though some of his old friends were more distant, he was much closer with his new comrades, even those he was only meeting for the first time.  Once again he belonged to a family.  The months passed and the knowledge and abilities of Tristan and his friends increased significantly.  Tristan was informed that he would be allowed to join the Messenger sect, assuming he maintained his current level of performance.  He had come very far in the year since Broc and Merk left him a helpless mass of bruises alone in the forest.  He wondered idly if they would dare return to Astoria.  
As if on cue, they marched proudly past him in the corridor following a servant.  They did not recognize him at first, but when realization dawned they glared at him.  The servant motioned for Tristan to follow.  He suspected the Lady wished him present during their audience for some reason of her own.  He fell into line behind the two bullies.  “Still here runt?” asked Merk, “I had thought you would have fled after your unfortunate accident in the woods.  Perhaps you have not learned your lesson?”  Tristan could only smile sadly and shake his head.  
He was far taller, stronger, and much more confident than he had been that fateful day in the woods.  He said simply, “I do not think you would find me so easy a target as you once did.”  They glowered at him but said no more.  They approached the Lady’s favorite audience chamber and entered.  Broc and Merk gave minimal bows; Tristan bowed deeply, befitting an Apprentice to the Lady of Astoria.  They scowled at him.  Merk addressed the Lady, “we have returned to grace your humble city even after that unfortunate little misunderstandings.”  
The Lady did not look pleased to see either of them.  She said, “your year of banishment is at an end and you have returned.  You will be allowed to continue your education here, but you will be permanently barred from Astoria should your behavior warrant it.  You will treat your fellow students with as much respect as you show your teachers, though that is hardly sufficient.  Tristan, as this little debacle involves you as well, I thought I should ask your opinion on their return.”
Tristan bowed to the Lady and said, “I am in no way able to question your judgment Lady, but I do not think it a good idea to allow such as these free access to Astoria, when they plainly exhibit so little respect for authority or the rights of others.”  
The Lady smiled, “I am allowing them to return only conditionally, they will not be allowed to again reign in terror.  That is the other reason I have summoned you here.  You and your fellow apprentices will be in charge of supervising these deviants and keeping them out of trouble.  I am also vesting you with the authority to dismiss them permanently if you deem it necessary.”  Tristan did not look pleased about his new duties but he bowed in submission.  The Lady nearly laughed, “I know it is not a duty you desire, but I hope it will be of short duration.  Should your charges prove trustworthy, I shall put an end to such things.  Do you understand?”  Both boys looked angry but nodded their agreement.  The Lady stood and said, “very well, you are dismissed.  Do not disappoint me.”  They bowed themselves out and she watched them go, wondering what the future held for such proud and angry boys, she hoped they took this chance to find some worthy purpose in life.  A servant waited to take the boys to their quarters and Tristan followed his new charges.  It was a very strange feeling to be watching over those who had once terrorized him, especially when they no longer held any sway over him.  He had once been in great fear of them and their ilk.  
Broc glared at him and said, “so why do you get the honor of nurse-maiding us and why do we need a nurse at all?”  
Tristan patiently said, “it is the Lady’s decision, not mine.  I am bound by her orders, though I think this one is fully justified considering previous circumstances.”
“Why do you even care about any of this?" asked Broc, "Why not just go about your own business and leave us alone?"  
Tristan smiled, "I have no wish to participate in this little exercise, but I have as little choice in the matter as you.  The Lady has bidden, I must obey."  
Merk looked a little startled as things he had been noticing finally started to sink in, "you are one of THEM."  
Tristan laughed, "it took you this long to figure that out?  The uniform alone should have been enough, but also the fact that I am allowed to go armed in the Lady's presence should also have clued you in."  
A knock came at the door and Tristan opened it to find a very stern looking man, who said, "I would have a word with you if I could?"  
Tristan nodded and faced the boys in the room, "I will be back shortly to escort you to your class, please be ready to go when I return."  He left the room and joined the man in the hall.  The boys looked at each other in wonder.  
Merk said, "why would she let a boy like that join the Brethren but deny men such as ourselves the same right?"  
Broc said, "I do not know, neither do I like the idea of being shepherded everywhere by the likes of him.  We will have no fun at all if that persists.  I suppose we must be good little boys just long enough to earn the 'right' to go about on our own and do as we please.  Then we shall see what happens.  I would not have come back to this cursed place if I did not feel the need to show the world that no one defies us and gets away with it."  Merk did not look happy but nodded his agreement.  The next few months looked to be very tedious and dull, but they would do what they must.


Chapter 4

Tristan bowed to the man standing in the hall as the door closed behind him and said, "you wish to speak with me, sir?"  
The man nodded and said, "I have come to brief you on your assignment pertaining to the two boys you just left.  I will give you a list of their classes and the apprentices in those classes with them.  It will be up to you to develop and oversee a schedule to supervise their activities.  They must be under someone's eye between classes, during meals, during chores, in the evenings, and on free days.  You may ask any apprentice to assist you in these duties, but no one must neglect their own studies to see that this is carried out.  You also have the authority to banish them forever from Astoria should their behavior warrant it and also to call off the supervision should you feel they have miraculously become trustworthy.  I fear they will behave just long enough to lull us all into a false sense of security and then, when we are least expecting it they will try their hands at some mischief.  Any questions?"  
Tristan looked a little shocked at the extent of his authority and said, "Sir, would this not be better left in the hands of someone with more experience in such things?  I am but an apprentice."  
The man looked sternly at the boy, "you do not feel up to the task?"  
Tristan shook his head and said, "I believe I can accomplish the task, it just seems too important to trust to someone of my experience."  
The man laughed, "and where do you think experience comes from?  The Lady and I would not have assigned you this task if we did not feel you could accomplish it.  You wish to join the Messenger sect, therefore much more will be expected of you than of a 'normal' apprentice.  I am sure the Warriors or the Philosophers would be happy to have you if you do not feel comfortable with such expectations?"  Tristan blanched.  The man smiled knowingly, "I thought not.  Do not worry.  You will do well."  
"Thank you sir," said the now thoughtful boy.  
The man chuckled warmly, "you may call me Ryder.  I will be one of the Messengers overseeing your training, at least when I am in Astoria.  We are often abroad on business for the Lady.  And do not call me sir: it makes me feel old.  If there is nothing else, you had all three best be getting to your class."  Tristan bowed and dashed back to his charges' room.  Ryder’s smile deepened at the boy's eagerness to serve.  He remembered being young once too.
 Tristan knocked upon the door and the boys emerged, now resplendent in their student uniforms.  "Follow me please," said Tristan formally.  The boys looked at each other and rolled their eyes but did as they were told.  They followed Tristan to their class without incident and he said, "I will meet you here after your class.  You are not permitted to wander about alone.  Tomorrow we will have a much smoother schedule worked out and I hope it will not inconvenience you too much."  Again the boys rolled their eyes at his polite formality and went into the room, which held their class.  Tristan hurried off to his own lest he be late.
Afterwards, he found them waiting patiently under the watchful eye of their instructor.  Thankfully, the day was growing old and there was only one class period left for the day.  After the final class, Tristan escorted them to supper.  As everyone else ate, he worked out a rough schedule for himself and some of his fellow apprentices.  He found an apprentice sharing each class with the two boys and it would be their duty to escort them to their next class.  He also made a rotating schedule for who was to oversee them during meals, chores, evenings, and free days.  After he had mapped out a basic schedule for the next month, he then went around the dining hall and spoke with those he was drafting into the Lady's scheme.  Most were not thrilled with their new assignments, but it would not be too much of a chore for any one person and all were obliged to participate regardless.  
Tristan was just glad no one had to be posted at their door overnight.  After they had retired to their room for the evening, they were not to leave until someone came to fetch them in the morning.  If they were found wandering about alone they would be dismissed permanently from Astoria.  Tristan finally finished the schedule and speaking with those involved by the end of the meal and only had time to grab a few scraps before taking his charges back to their room.  They could engage in the after dinner activities with the other students, but they said it had been a long day and they were weary from travel.  Tristan was only too happy to oblige them.  As he was leaving he said, "someone will be here to escort you to the morning meal.  We have a basic schedule worked out and it should not interfere very much with your regular activities.  This should work smoothly for all involved.  Goodnight."  He shut the door behind him and went in search of his friends.  
The two boys looked at one another and laughed, they almost enjoyed the trouble they were causing the Brethren.  "How long do you think they will continue with this charade?" asked Merk.  
Broc said, "if we are perfectly sweet little boys, I doubt this will last longer than two months."  
"What if they never trust us?" asked Merk.  
Broc smiled grimly, "then we will have to work around such inconveniences, but for now we will be patient."  
 Tristan found his friends gathered together in their quarters speaking of the events of the day.  They were not happy with him for involving them in such a scheme, and it would be a very long time before they quit teasing Tristan about it.  Emilia said, "what is the point of keeping two such people in Astoria if they must be led about under guard?  Why not just bar them from the city?"  
Conrad said, "I think the Lady feels everyone deserves a chance to redeem themselves, even those two."  
Tristan added, "I also get the feeling that she thinks this is a good exercise for us as well.  We may not enjoy it but it will help us grow."  
Kile laughed, "that is what my mother said about eating my vegetables."  All joined in the mirth, allowing the stress of their new duties to evaporate with their laughter.  
"How long are you going to persist with this little project?" asked Emilia.  
Tristan shook his head, "Ryder spoke to me today about it and I must agree with him, that even if they do become very docile and tame, I am not sure we can ever trust them to go about alone.  I do not trust them any more than I ever have.  My hope is they either have a radical change of heart, or tire of our continual watchfulness and withdraw from Astoria.  If a year of exile has not changed their attitudes, I do not think anything short of a miracle will change their hearts."  The others nodded sadly in agreement.  
Changing the subject to something a little more cheerful (perhaps), Emilia said, "I take it you have not yet found your unicorn Tristan?"  He nodded, the events of the day had briefly driven from his mind that he alone of all those who had recently taken their Oaths had yet to find (or be found by) a unicorn.  He was starting to wonder if there was something wrong with him or if the whole thing was some sort of mistake.  Emilia smiled encouragingly, "do not worry, sometimes these things just take time.  I am sure you will be stuck with one of the creatures any day now."  
He smiled weakly and said half-heartedly, "I am sure you are right."
They turned to more encouraging subjects for the rest of the night.  Kile asked, "how long before we are allowed to start our apprenticeships, do you think?"  
Conrad laughed, "I think at least a year or more, we have much to learn.  Although it seems that since taking my Oath that I seem to learn much more quickly than I ever used to."  The others nodded their agreement.  
"A year seems such a long time to wait, but we will have plenty of time to serve in the field once we are finished," said Emilia, "I am sure learning as much as we can now will pay off in the long run, but there is so much out there that I wish to see and do that I can hardly contain myself."  
Conrad laughed, "relax my friend, you will have a couple hundred years in which to see the world."  
"What?" gasped Tristan, "How is that possible?"  
"You do not know?" said Emilia in surprise, "The Brethren can live for almost three hundred years.  It is said the Lady herself is just shy of two hundred.  Though the Warrior and Messenger sects do not often see such longevity due to their more hazardous assignments."  
Tristan laughed, "and here I thought the Lady must not be more than sixty!"  The others all laughed with their friend’s astonishment.  "Is there anything else I need to know about the Brethren that everyone else seems to take for granted?" asked Tristan sheepishly.  
Conrad shook his head, "no, though I think you have managed to learn everything the hard way.  You focused so much on philosophy and doctrine that you forgot to learn the basics!"  Tristan blushed again and laughed, his friends joining in with their own good-natured laughter.
 
Tristan waited patiently for his charges to finish their morning preparations before escorting them to breakfast.  Finally he said loudly enough to be heard through the door, "you will have to come as you are if you are not finished.  We cannot be late.  We are leaving now."  
They opened the door and the boys tromped out and led the way to the dining hall.  They had intentionally taken their time just to see how far they could push things, apparently not very far.  This dimmed one ray of sunshine in their currently tedious lives.  They really had no wish to remain in Astoria, save for some vague notions of revenge and of showing everyone that they would not endure such treatment at the hands of others.  They ate their breakfast in silence and occasionally cast irritated looks at Tristan, but he blithely ignored them and talked with his friends.  After breakfast he gathered up the boys like a hen with her chicks, and took them to the stables where they saddled three horses and led them out to the open meadow used for the riding lessons.  Their instructor was waiting patiently for his half dozen students and once all were assembled, he ran them through a variety of drills and exercises.  After the lesson, they led their horses back towards the castle.  
"What, no unicorn?" scoffed Merk, "I thought that was the trademark of this happy little conspiracy?"  
Tristan shrugged, "all in good time."  
Broc smiled maliciously, "what he means to say is he is not good enough, none of the beasts would have him."  Tristan ignored their comments and trudged silently on.  They abandoned their horses to the care of a stable boy and made their way to their next class.  He was not happy to share his first two classes that morning with the boys, but so it was.  They sat through a lecture on the finer points of some forgotten battle and its applications for current strategies in warfare and diplomacy.  After that, Tristan abandoned them to their next class and the charge of another apprentice; he ran to his next engagement.  So the days passed into a week and once again Tristan found himself escorting the boys to a riding lesson.  
"Still no pretty pony will take you?" sneered Merk, "I would give up now if I were you."  Tristan remained silent while the boys laughed viciously.
The instructor once again sent his pupils through a complicated round of drills.  As Tristan was completing one such exercise his horse began to rear, nearly mad with fright.  It was all he could do to keep his seat and keep the terrified animal from bolting.  He could not imagine what had gotten into the frightened animal.  Finally, he regained enough control that he could see what was upsetting the horse.  A unicorn mare stood in the middle of the meadow displaying her true form, which was upsetting all of the horses, not just his own, but he was the closest one to her, thus had the most trouble with his mount.  He allowed the horse to flee back towards the other horses, which it was more than happy to do.  He dismounted and tried to calm the fractious beast.  Just being away from the terrible creature seemed enough to calm the foolish horse.  It was very strange behavior for a unicorn to walk about in broad daylight without hiding its true form, not to mention when mortal horses with friendly riders were present.
 The mare continued to stand and stare at the gathered party without the least bit of concern for the effect her presence had on the horses.  Occasionally, she would turn her head towards the edge of the distant woods and lay back her ears at something on the verge of the forest.  Tristan glanced that direction and noticed a slightly smaller unicorn, who apparently wanted to come towards the mare, but her irritated looks plainly held him back.  A thought occurred to Tristan, he handed the reins of his horse to the astonished Merk and approached the mare.  She stood like a statue, save for the meaningful looks she gave the other creature.  When he was within twenty feet of her, she whickered a greeting and walked towards him.  She nuzzled him gently and he felt an odd sort of presence in the back of his mind.  Finally, he understood.  The smaller creature was her latest foal and it was time he was weaned, but he was not excited about the idea.
Not sure how this whole thing worked, Tristan 'thought' at the strange sensation in the back of his mind that perhaps it would be wise if the mare concealed her true form so as not to upset the horses.  She made a sound that could be considered the equine variant of a shrug and took on the form of a rather swaybacked mule.  Apparently she had a very strange sense of humor.  He sighed and walked back towards the waiting class that was watching in stunned curiosity.  He transferred the saddle from his horse to the mare and she waited patiently as he tacked her up.  He found a halter for the horse and removed his bridle.  
He was about to place it on the mare when she laid her ears back and his instructor said quietly, "remove the bit."  Tristan did as he was bidden and the mare relaxed.  She allowed him to place the bridle on her head and stood looking at him expectantly.  Finally, he swung himself into the saddle.  The instructor said, "you two spend some time alone for the rest of the class period, but be back in time to escort your two friends to their next class."  Tristan bowed in his saddle as the mare took off at full gallop, nearly unseating him.  It took some practice but finally he mastered the concept of 'thinking' at the mare rather than trying to direct her with the reins and knees.  She listened instantly and sometimes before even he knew what he wanted her to do she had already done it.  In the brief half hour they had together, they had forged a strong and unbreakable bond.  He rode reluctantly back to his duties, resaddled his horse, and bid the mare farewell.  She again looked at him in irritation and he realized he knew her name and had for some time.  He reddened and bid goodbye to Aria.  She seemed pleased and trotted off into the forest where she was again accosted by the rebellious foal, weaning was never easy.  Merk and Broc were blissfully silent as they wandered back to the castle.
 
As he sat in his next class, a bit distracted by recent happenings, he could vaguely sense in what direction the mare lay.  It was a very strange feeling, but the advantages over a normal horse were amazing.  He knew it would not be very long before the whole thing came naturally.  At lunch, his friends had already heard rumors of happenings during the morning riding lesson.  
Emilia said, "no wonder it took her so long to find you.  She still has not fully weaned her foal and it is forbidden for a nursing or pregnant mare to accompany one of the Brethren!"  They all laughed at the strange occurrence but were very excited for their friend.  Tristan regretted ever letting the snide remarks of Broc and Merk hurt him; he knew better and he should have been more patient while waiting for it to happen.
The two boys sat together and talked quietly as they glared in Tristan's direction.  What were they to hassle the boy about now?  They took great pleasure in trying to irritate the seemingly unflappable apprentice.  Merk had almost thought their remarks about his lack of an adequate mount might have been hitting home.  Now they would never know.  They discussed the topic endlessly but could not find anything plausible with which to bother Tristan.  Another week passed and another riding lesson appeared on the horizon.  
Tristan appeared in the stables with his charges and the two boys dutifully saddled their horses.  They watched in anticipation to see if Tristan's mare appeared or if he was once again stuck with a mortal horse.  They were disappointed to see a black mare standing patiently in the stableyard without halter or bridle.  Merk approached her curiously and she laid her ears back.  
Tristan smiled, "I would not do that if I were you."  The boy retreated to his own mount in indignation.  Tristan called her over and she obeyed.  He saddled her and they were soon off to the riding grounds.  
Tristan's instructor pulled him aside and said, "this will be your last day in my class.  This is only a class for those with normal horses.  You can now be reassigned to a more applicable riding class; there is much you must learn about your new mount and she about you.  You handle a regular horse well enough that I have no fear in letting you finish with my class early."  Tristan bowed his thanks and from then on attended a different class, but still had to escort Merk and Broc to their riding class, as there were no other apprentices in the group.  
 The weeks passed into months and still there was no sign that the Brethren were ever going to slacken their guard upon the boys.  They grew impatient to once again be wreaking havoc among the lesser students.  They felt more like prisoners than the kings they had once been amongst the student body.  Their frustration especially mounted towards Tristan; the boy had no right to be allowed into the Brethren if they themselves were barred from such.  They decided to take it up with the Lady herself.  Tristan was scandalized at the idea.  A mere student did not just demand an audience with the Lady, but he said he would carry the message.  He spoke to one of the Lady's personal servants who then relayed the message, before he had time to go too far the servant returned and beckoned him into the Lady's presence.  He bowed and she smiled.  
She said, "it is a very intrepid request on the part of our young friends.  Perhaps I should grant it, if only out of curiosity."  
Tristan shook his head, "Lady, I do not mean to question you but would it only feed their arrogance if they thought that you bent to their every whim?"  
She laughed, "you have become a bit more intrepid yourself I see.  But perhaps you are right.  I shall grant their request, but in my own time."  
Tristan looked mortified, "Lady, I meant no disrespect.  I have dealt with these boys enough to know that there is no humility in them and thought that I should make my knowledge known."  
She chuckled, "you need not look so terrified.  I do not rebuke you.  I was only making an observation.  One of your duties is to make known to me any helpful information that you possess.  Else how could I make a wise decision?  You have a sharp mind and I will use that for the benefit of all.  It is only when you question my judgment that you need worry about my wrath.  As long as I rule Astoria, you need not fear that I have lapsed into senility or foolishness.  The Master Himself will see that I am replaced immediately should such occur.  Until that time I value your information and advice.  Tell your little friends that I shall see them at my leisure.  And I think it will be upon very short notice."  She smiled grimly.  Tristan bowed himself out and was glad what that smile portended was not directed at him.
 The boys were unhappy not to have an immediate audience, but were mollified to know they would be seen eventually.  As the weeks passed they began to doubt the wisdom of their request, but a servant found them in the courtyard one day after their riding lesson.  Tristan was accompanying them as usual at that particular hour.  "The Lady will see you immediately," said the servant, "please follow me."  They had little choice but to comply.  They found the Lady in her familiar chamber and made their usual bows.  
"This had best be important," said the Lady regally, "I have much more important things to do than bother with minor complaints among my students.  But alas, even such small matters must be seen to.  Make it quick."  
The boys exchanged a nervous look.  Merk said, "we would rather discuss such things privately."
She raised her brows and said, "you can have nothing to say that Tristan cannot hear, even if it concerns him personally.  Begin."  
Broc swallowed and said, "we wish to lodge a complaint about our treatment.  We have behaved ourselves and yet the watch has not slackened in the least.  When will we be allowed to move about Astoria freely?"  
The Lady smiled grimly, "that decision is not mine to make.  Tristan?"  
Now it was Tristan's turn to smile, "as long as I am in charge of the watch, it will never slacken nor cease while you remain in Astoria.  I do not trust you and your behavior has convinced me that perhaps I never will."  
"Our other concern," said Merk, pointedly ignoring the boy, "is that you would allow this common thief to enter your service but refuse us when we are of noble blood.  We are far more worthy than he ever could be for such duties."  
The Lady shook her head, "you have not the heart for such service and that is why I have allowed you this little stint again in Astoria.  I had hoped you would find some humility during your banishment or upon your return, but you remain as arrogant as ever.  I see no point in continuing this little exercise and am hereby asking you to leave Astoria forever unless you can return with a humbled heart."  
"You cannot!" gasped the boys together.  
She smiled grimly, "I can and I just did.  Be gone from my presence and my country.  Tristan escort them to the border."  He bowed formally to the Lady and nearly dragged his two charges from her presence.
 "This is not fair!" whined Merk.  
Tristan said, "you have had plenty of chances to change your attitude.  She has been far more generous than you realize.  You will pack immediately and I will escort you to the borders."  He hurried them to their chambers where they donned their own clothes and collected their belongings.  In the stable they collected their horses; their final stop before leaving the castle was the guardhouse where they collected their weapons.  Tristan rode behind the two boys as they made for Astoria’s southern border.  They said nothing as they rode and pressed their horses as hard as they dared.  The sun sank lower and the day grew old before they reached the boundary line.  
They pulled up just short of the border and Merk said, “you really have no right to do this.  You and your precious Lady have not seen the last of us.  And when next we meet you shall greatly rue this day!”  
Tristan could only shake his head in dismay, “you have said enough.  Be gone from our land.  You have had your chances.”  
Broc drew his sword and smiled, “perhaps our parting shall be more pleasant than our meeting.”  Merk drew his sword and caught his friend’s vile smile.  
Tristan drew his own blade and said, “do not be foolish.  I will defend myself if I must.”
They laughed him to scorn and came at him from both sides.  Tristan knew he could best either of them in single combat, but he would not survive two at once.  The two struck simultaneously: while he blocked Merk’s blade Broc’s caught him across the flank.  The mare reared and backed out of the melee as Tristan hunched over his wounded side.  They came after him like wolves upon a wounded goat.  He did not wish to do it, but it was his only choice.  The boys probably deserved a long walk home at the very least.  The mare reared again and this time she dropped her disguise.  The horses went mad and easily unseated their once triumphant riders; they bolted into the gathering dusk.  “Go,” said Tristan grimly, “if a patrol catches you on the border after what has just transpired your lives are forfeit.”  Knowing he spoke the truth, and as they were no match for a mounted and armed adversary (even wounded), they vanished into the night.
They had fled just in time, as if summoned by Tristan’s words or more likely by the furious mare, a half dozen mounted men drew rein alongside Aria.  “What has happened here?” demanded their leader, wondering why an apprentice was alone upon the borders after dark.  
Tristan clenched his teeth against the pain in his side and said, “the Lady bid me escort two unwanted guests to the border.  As a parting gift they both attacked me at once.  I could handle one alone, but both were too much.  My mare frightened their horses and the unhorsed boys fled.  You have just cause to pursue them if you wish, though I think the Lady only wished them gone.  They have been trouble since the day they arrived.”  He groaned at the pain in his side and could see that blood was starting to soak through his tunic.  
The patrol leader sent four of his men to pursue the boys while he and the remaining man saw to Tristan’s wound.  It was long but not deep; it would leave an impressive scar but nothing more.  Once the boy had been tended to and the rest of the men returned with their captives and the fled horses, three men were sent to continue the patrol while everyone else rode for Astoria.  They rode quickly, but not so fast as to pain Tristan from the pace.  The Lady herself met them in the courtyard.  She had grown worried when the boy failed to return in a timely fashion.  She looked very grim when she saw one of her patrols returning with the two deviants and Tristan riding hunched in his saddle.  
“What has happened here?” she demanded.  The Brethren bowed in their saddles and dismounted; Tristan did so very slowly and painfully.  
“I did as you commanded Lady,” said Tristan, “but failed to anticipate that they might both turn upon me at once.  I took a minor wound across the flank, but the mare was able to frighten their mounts and the boys fled.  The patrol happened upon me very soon thereafter and were able to capture the fugitives.”  
The Lady turned to the boys, who looked very pale in the moonlight, “what have you to say for yourselves?  Why have you attacked one of my servants unprovoked?  Have I not been more than lenient with you both?  Do you wish to court death?”  At her words their faces drained completely of color.  “Well?” demanded she.  
Broc stuttered, “you have never done anything but insult and demean us.  We simply sought some form of reparation as our due.  The boy has been nothing but a nuisance since his arrival.  Why can you not see it?  He deserved what he got and more besides, I only regret we could not finish it.  It would have been a favor to the world to be rid of him.”  The gathered Brethren gasped at such statements in the presence of the Lady.  
She said, “will you never understand?  I begin to doubt you shall ever see reason.  By rights, I could have you executed for your actions tonight, but I feel some small stirring of pity for your miserable souls and I yet hope you will one day see reason.  Should you ever cross our borders again without my permission your lives shall surely be forfeit, but tonight you shall receive a whipping and then be taken again to the borders.”  She turned on her heel and marched away.  The boys glared at Tristan as if somehow this whole thing was his fault.


Chapter 5

A strong arm grasped his shoulders and led Tristan gently but firmly into the keep.  He looked up into the concerned face of Darrin.  “Let us see to that wound,” said Darrin gently, “you have had quite a night.”  
“I failed the Lady tonight,” said Tristan miserably.  
Darrin shook his head and smiled reassuringly, “you did your duty, it is they who have failed her and all of us.  Do not worry, if ever she finds fault in your actions she is swift to point it out in a constructive manner.  You will know it if she feels you have failed her.  Do not despair, even if you make a mistake she will not be angry unless you fail to learn from it.  Just do your best and you will do very well indeed.”  They made their way into the kitchens where Tristan took a seat upon a bench alongside a great table.  Darrin poured some boiling water into a kettle and found a basin of cooler water and some clean cloths.  Tristan removed his shirt and Darrin unbound the makeshift bandage.  He thoroughly cleansed the wound, applied some antiseptic dressing, and rebandaged Tristan’s side.  He smiled, “that is quite a scar you will have.  It will not be the last earned in the Lady’s service.  Keep it clean and take it easy for a few days and you should be just fine.”  Tristan felt his spirits rising with his friend’s continued good cheer.  A servant brought him a plate of food and he ate ravenously.  
Halfway through his meal, his three friends rushed into the kitchen.  They bowed to Darrin.  Kile said, “I see you have been out having adventures without us.  I do not think that is quite fair to the rest of us.”  
Tristan blushed and said, “you are more than welcome to have had this ‘adventure’ in my stead.”  
It was Kile’s turn to redden, “I did not mean it that way.”  They all laughed but their laughter cut off abruptly as all stood and bowed as the Lady entered the kitchen.  
She smiled at their sudden discomfort, “please be at ease.  You are not waiting upon me at court.  This much formality in a kitchen is scandalous!”  They all laughed nervously at her jest.  She sighed and said, “you act as if you are in the presence of the Master Himself.  Relax, I am not He!”  Darrin could only laugh at the awkwardness of his junior colleagues, who had yet to learn when formality towards the Lady was not absolutely required.  He seated himself and the others then relaxed enough to do the same.  
“Lady,” said Tristan shyly, “I apologize for the trouble tonight.”  
“Nonsense,” said she, “this is not of your doing.  Had I thought them foolish enough to try pulling a sword on you I would not have sent you alone on such a quest.  If anyone is at fault it is I, though I would rather blame the whole incident on those arrogant rapscallions.  I think neither of us should lose sleep over ‘whatifs.’  How is your side?”  
Darrin said, “he will be sore for a few days but otherwise he should be fine.”  
She smiled, “that is good news.  I feared much worse and I do not think this little incident need hinder my plans.  I think the time has come for the four of you to begin your apprenticeships.  You have much left to learn on various topics, but you will also learn much from your mentors.  If needed, you can always take a specific course later on to round out your knowledge.  You are all exceptional students and have far exceeded my expectations.  I think the time has come to let you try your wings, albeit under the guidance of a more seasoned mentor.  You shall continue your current classes until I have found suitable mentors for each of you.”  
“Thank you Lady,” said all four at once.  This was highly unexpected by all of them, but it was welcome news.  They had come to the point in their training where book knowledge failed to satisfy them and only first hand experience would suffice.  They still had much to learn about the finer points of their chosen fields, but their mentors would do much to fill in the gaps.  
“Very well,” said the Lady, “I suggest you all seek your beds.  Goodnight.”  They stood again as she stood to go.  She shook her head ruefully and silently laughed to herself as she left.  It would be long before any of the students could be easy in her presence, even when bidden to relax by the Lady herself.  
“I guess we all must do as she says,” said Darrin, helping Tristan to his feet and giving him into the sturdy arms of his roommates.  “I bid you all pleasant dreams,” he bowed slightly and sought his own quarters.  The students silently went in search of their own beds.
Over the next few days, Tristan’s wound ached fiercely but seemed to be healing well.  He spent more time in the classroom and almost none engaged in any sort of physical activity; he was nearly mad with unspent energy.  He longed for the day when he could again do something as simple as sit in a saddle.  
The Lady did not fail in her search for potential mentors for her four most promising students.  Kile was sent off with Darrin as he set off on yet another mission.  Emilia was sent with a storyteller on a tour of the Eastern Realms.  It was an exciting but sad parting for the four friends.  They had enjoyed one another’s company immensely and though they would always be friends, their paths would seldom cross over the long years of their lives as each pursued their own duties.  One day as Conrad and Tristan sat at lunch, Ryder approached them.  Both of them stood and bowed to the approaching Messenger.  He motioned for them to relax and resume their seats.  He sat down beside them and said to Tristan, “can you ride?”  
Tristan said, “I have not been in the saddle since I was injured but I think it is high time I tried.”  
“Good,” said Ryder, “we ride as soon as you are able.”  
“Me sir?” asked Tristan.  
Ryder laughed, “what did I say about calling me sir?”  Tristan blushed.  Ryder continued, “actually both of you.  Tristan will ride with me until the Lady says otherwise and Conrad shall accompany us to Vespera where he shall be left under the guidance of our Advisor to the King.  We shall continue on from there.”  
“Where are we going?” asked Tristan.  
“I am not sure where our journey shall take us in the end,” said Ryder, “but it shall start in Vespera.  The Order of the Unicorn has been causing problems in that little country and we are to look into it and assist if we can.”
The apprentices gasped at mention of the Order.  The Order was an independent military force that often did whatever it wanted regardless of local law.  Unlike the Brethren, it had no higher moral calling and had no qualms about taking advantage where it could.  It was very popular with the younger sons of the nobility, as many of its members looked upon commoners as scum and considered the nobility the cream of creation.  They often interfered in local affairs without the consent of the governing officials.  They had their own laws and their own forms of ‘justice.’  It was not a respectable organization.  Some people conflated the Brethren with the Order and looked upon both with the same disdain.  The two groups often clashed when they encountered one another.  The Order did not officially look down upon the Brethren, but neither did it discourage violence when they had conflicting points of view.
Their meal finished, the boys ran to their room to pack.  They met Ryder in the courtyard with their saddlebags over their shoulders.  Their unicorns were saddled and waiting.  They secured their baggage behind their saddles and mounted.  Tristan’s side hurt, but it felt good to be in the saddle again.  A servant led a packhorse out of the stable and handed the reins to Conrad.  Ryder glanced at his young charges and they smiled in expectation.  They were ready.  He led the way out of the courtyard and off into the wide world.  The adventure had begun, or so the boys thought, as they followed Ryder out of Astoria into the great and mysterious world.  Astoria was the farthest either Conrad or Tristan had ever traveled.  They had heard many stories and studied much lore and history, and were eager to see if the world was truly as strange and wonderful as they were told.
Ryder smiled to himself over their excitement and relived again what his first adventures had been like through the eyes of youth.  Everything was new and exciting to them, even the simple chores involved in preparing the evening meal.  The packhorse slowed their progress, but it also meant they could go for some time before stopping to buy supplies.  He planned to sleep rough most nights but a stop at an inn or two would be an interesting experience for his wide-eyed charges.  As they rode, he discussed at length histories, stories, Law, Truth, and a plethora of other subjects; they absorbed everything like dry sponges.  Of an evening they would practice the more physical disciplines of the sword, the bow, and unarmed combat.  As they traveled, they grew in knowledge as well as confidence.
Mid-summer was a delightful time to travel and sleep outside, and it was only on a night of drenching rain that Ryder finally let them visit an inn.  The riders were soaked to the skin and were more than happy to sit down in front of the roaring fire.  They were a little over halfway to their destination and Ryder was hoping to hear some news of happenings in Vespera.  All he knew from the Lady was that the aging King was being heavily pressured by the Order in matters concerning his heir.  The Brethren's emissary to the King (Brodric) had all he could do to counteract the Order's interference with the almost senile old man who yet sat upon the throne.  Brodric was desperate for help and the Lady had sent Ryder in answer to the man's plea.  Ryder was not sure what one more man could do, but the Order could not be allowed to have too much influence during the transition of the Kingship in Vespera.  
Ryder found a talkative man, who was not yet too drunk, to question regarding happenings further south.  The man was more than happy to talk (especially over a complimentary cup of ale) of occurrences in Vespera.  "Have you not heard?" asked the surprised man, "of the goings on in Vespera.  I thought everyone knew."  
"We come from the North and are just now heading in that direction," said the patient Ryder.  
"Then you have excellent timing," smiled the man, "for if you are skilled in the least with a blade you may be in luck.  The King's heir is a girl and no woman has ever held the throne in that country.  The King cannot fathom his daughter being the first so he is offering her and the throne as the prize to the man who bests all others in a contest of martial skill.  If I were younger I would try my hand at such things, but I am too old for all that.  You look like a sturdy young lad, perhaps you could be the next King of Vespera?"  
Ryder laughed at the thought and his two companions were wide-eyed in astonishment.  "It is an interesting proposition," said Ryder, "when does this contest begin?"  
The man said, "if you ride hard you may just be in time."  
"Thank you my friend," said Ryder.  
The man smiled and said, "if you win, remember me!"  They both laughed.  The man continued, "one other thing.  I hear the Order is entering any number of men in the competition, I would be careful if I were you."  Ryder nodded his thanks and hurried his charges to their room.
 "Would you really participate in such a contest?" asked Tristan, "What if you win, would not that violate your Oath?"  
Ryder shook his head, "I think I may have to enter and win just to keep the Order from claiming the throne.  I did not say I would marry the girl!  I hope between Brodric and myself we can talk the King out of such foolishness, but I may have to enroll in this little contest to accomplish my task."  The boy still had much to learn about the role of the Brethren in world affairs, but then that was why he was on this little expedition.  Ryder continued, "we had best get some sleep because we will have an early start.  We will leave the packhorse behind and press hard for Vespera.  We must not arrive too late."  They nodded and all were soon abed though sleep was long in coming for the two neophytes.  
The next morning, they crammed as much as they could of the packhorse's burden into their own saddlebags and then found a new owner for the beast.  They mounted and let the unicorns go as fast as they could over long distances.  Tristan was amazed at the speed the creatures could endure without breaking a sweat; a normal horse would have long since collapsed in exhaustion.  It was tiring work for the riders to travel at such speeds, especially for the novice adventurers, but as time marched on their bodies adapted a little better to what was asked of them.  They could neither listen to Ryder's wisdom as they traveled nor practice in the evenings.  They rode from before dawn to after sunset.  Exhausted, they finally arrived in Vespera.  The boys went straight to sleep after supper but Ryder went looking for information.  The contest would commence in five days' time and registration was still open.  Ryder smiled, knowing he still might have time to talk the King out of such nonsense, but if that failed he could yet join the melee.
The next morning, they applied to Brodric at the palace.  He gladly met them at the gates.  He was surprised to meet his new apprentice, but welcomed Conrad into his service nonetheless.  Brodric was a very old man but full of wisdom and mirth.  They retreated to Brodric's chambers to discuss what was passing in Vespera.  Brodric said, "I have tried to talk the King out of this numerous times.  His daughter is a very capable young woman and would do very well as Queen but he refuses to change ancient tradition.  He is fond of swordplay and every sort of weapon; he was quite the warrior in his youth.  His mind is slipping as he ages and often reminisces of his younger days.  He listens raptly to the Order, for he sees them as vibrant warriors, but ignores me as just another old fool.  It was the Order's suggestion for this little contest.  I do not doubt their plan is to claim the throne and merge Vespera with their own country of Panmycea, thus expanding their tiny empire.  I will get you an audience with the King, but he has his heart set on this little fiasco and I doubt he will listen.  Have you any idea what to do if diplomacy fails?"  
Ryder nodded and said, "I shall enter the contest and hope to win.  If I do, I will hopefully have earned the King's attention and will try to convince him to put the girl on the throne."  
Brodric said, "it is as good a plan as any.  We shall have to see how things transpire after the contest before planning further."
 Once the travelers had a chance to clean up, the old man applied to the King for an audience.  Brodric wondered if he was simply allowed to see the King because the man felt young in his presence.  They made their courtesies and introductions.  
"Majesty," said Ryder, "I beg you to reconsider this course of action.  Would it not be better to have your own daughter, whom you know would be a competent Queen, upon the throne rather than a random man who just happens to know the use of a sword?"  
The old man laughed, "who would put a woman upon the throne?  It has never happened in the history of our country.  A random man is a far better choice."  
Ryder said, "many countries have had women upon the throne and have prospered in war and peace."  
The King laughed again, "in other countries perhaps such things may work, but it has never been so in Vespera."  
"How will you ever know if you never try?" pleaded Ryder.  
"I will never fail if I do not risk it," said the King quietly, "I eagerly await this event, it is the one bright spot on an ever darkening horizon.  If you want a say in this matter you must win the contest else my mind is made up."  
They thanked him for his time and bowed themselves out.  Brodric shook his head, "thus has it been always for me.  It seems you have a contest to win."  Ryder did not look excited.  
Conrad and Tristan said their farewells for the present, as Conrad would be staying on in the palace and Tristan would be going wherever Ryder went.  Ryder and Tristan left the palace to make preparations for the coming contest.  They went in search of the man in charge of registering contestants and soon found him at ease in a well-to-do inn near the center of town.  "Greetings and welcome," said the portly fellow, "wishing to register for His Majesty's little event?"  Ryder nodded.  The man continued, "very good.  The more the merrier I always say.  May I ask your name and affiliation, if any?"  
Ryder said, "I am called Ryder and have ridden here from Astoria."  
The man eyed him skeptically and said, "you are one of the men of the Order then?"  
Ryder shook his head at the common misconception and said, "I do not ride for the Order and hope that I never shall.  My allegiance is to the Brethren."  
"I see," said the man, "I can never tell the difference.  It really does not matter I suppose.  I shall just say you are from the North Countries."  
"I suppose that will do," said Ryder, glad not to have attention drawn to his connections.  The Brethren were not exactly friendly with the Order.  
"This is your squire?" asked the man, eyeing Tristan.  
Ryder laughed, "I suppose he is."  
"Very good," said the man, "it is not proper to participate in such a contest and be without one.  You would not believe the number of people who are doing just that!"  Ryder smiled at the scandalized look on the man's face.  "Very well," said the man, "you are officially registered.  The contest will consist of jousting, swordplay, archery, and unarmed combat.  Do you agree to abide by all the rules and compete fairly?"  
"Yes," said Ryder.   
"Good,” smiled the man, “then we shall see you the day of the contest."

"Come my valiant squire," said the smiling Ryder to Tristan, "we must prepare for this mad contest."  The worst part of the whole competition would be the jousting.  In general, only the Warriors went about routinely in armor.  In the next few days, Ryder must find some armor and a lance if he was to take part in the competition and not die in the process.  They wandered about the town, but used armor and weapons were in high demand and they found only ill-fitting or rusty examples.  Ryder sighed, "it seems we must use what we can find and hope no one hits the wrong spot."  
Tristan was not looking forward to the jousting.  He had been excited by the prospect of the contest, but seeing his mentor in the ill-fitting and worn armor with a poorly made lance made him dread the day of the joust.  The best they could find was hardly adequate and it cost a fortune.  "How often have you tried your hand at jousting?" asked Tristan.  
Ryder laughed, "maybe a half dozen times in the last century.  We shall soon see how proficient I am at such things.  I hope I at least survive the encounter."  He said it in jest but Tristan's heart clenched at the thought.  "Relax lad," said the man, "I have survived far more difficult circumstances.  We are made of sterner stuff than you might think."  Tristan tried to relax, but he remained anxious about the upcoming event.  
The day of the competition arrived and over a hundred competitors arrayed themselves upon the field in full armor astride their gallant steeds.  Ryder looked as if he had borrowed his great-grandfather's equipment and ridden his father's plow horse to town.  Alongside the assorted knights and over fifty members of the Order, he truly looked a spectacle; bets were made by various observers on how long it would take for the ragamuffin knight to be defeated or quit.  The judges marched out, the rules were read, the King processed in, and the trumpet sounded to start the event.  The men cleared the field so the contest could begin.  The first event was to be the sword fight, followed by archery, then the joust, then hand-to-hand combat, and a final sword fight to determine the winner.  Ryder shucked off his armor for the swordplay; he was not used to fighting in such gear though it might save him from injury.  Most of the other competitors remained in full armor.
 They had some little time to wait until their turn and Tristan sat patiently outside their tent, deep in thought.  "How the mighty have fallen!" sneered a familiar voice.  Tristan looked up in surprise to see Merk in full armor and in the uniform of the Order.  
"Your champion looks a real hero," scoffed Broc beside him, "you should be proud.  We however, have found our purpose in life.  You should have joined the Order; they are the real power in the world, though on second thought they would never take the likes of you."  
"You are competing?" asked Tristan in surprise.  
"Of course," said the boys together.  
Merk continued, "we are more than qualified, unlike you who can barely hold another’s sword.  The Order was more than honored when we joined its ranks.  Astoria knows not what it has lost."  
"Never fear," said Broc, "we have not forgotten how you and the Lady have treated us.  You will regret it one day, but for now we will enjoy your disgrace."  
Ryder walked over as his turn in the ring was approaching.  He looked in surprise at the boys and said, "have you two not caused enough trouble?  Be about your business and leave us alone."  
Merk sneered and said, "we shall see you in the ring.  The boy is not worth the effort."  They strode arrogantly away.  
Ryder said to Tristan, "I think those two will be the cause of much more trouble before they are finished."  Tristan nodded silently.  Ryder smiled, "our turn is coming, we had best get ready."  Tristan grabbed the man's sword and they headed towards their assigned ring.  The competition ahead of theirs finished and the loser walked away in disgrace while the winner went on to the archery competition.   
 Ryder took his sword from Tristan and faced off with a large man in a full suit of armor armed with a broad sword.  It was the small and quick Ryder versus the slow, but deadly giant.  If Ryder fell afoul of the enormous blade the results could be disastrous, but the man would have to catch him first.  Tristan goggled at the skill and speed of his mentor as he avoided the deadly blows of his opponent and darted in to inflict his own upon the towering man.  In the end, the day was won by the smaller, swifter man; the hulking figure walked from the ring with drooping shoulders and dragging sword.  
Tristan came up to Ryder afterwards and said, "how did you gain such skill with a blade?"  
Ryder laughed, "a century of practice."  
Tristan smiled hopefully and said, “perhaps in a hundred years I shall be that good as well."  
Ryder put an arm around his shoulder and said, "in a hundred years you have the potential to be even better."  The boy smiled at his mentor's praise.  
Broc and Merk also survived the first round, though half of the competitors were disqualified by the end of the morning.  The archery competition began exactly at noon.  Again, long experience and natural skill won the day for Ryder and he advanced to the next round.  Tristan did not look forward to the morrow's joust.  They found a quiet inn at which to eat a good meal and then retired early to bed.  The morning dawned bright and fair though the sun's cheerfulness mocked the fear in the boy's heart.  
Ryder clapped him on the back and said, "it will be as it must.  Do not paralyze yourself with fear and dread.  Trust the Master!"  Tristan smiled weakly but allowed himself to relax.  The two dozen remaining men were paired off for the day's joust.  Ryder would be competing against a man of the Order, resplendent in shining armor upon a great white horse.  Ryder's stallion looked a poor second beside such a beast, though no one save the Brethren knew the great heart that lurked beneath the shallow exterior.  Their turn came, Ryder astride his 'plow horse' in his ill-fitting armor stood in stark contrast across the field from his much more well-equipped opponent.  The trumpet rang and the horses charged.  Ryder and his mount easily dodged the oncoming lance but his own lance snapped on his opponent's chest.  A borrowed lance was quickly procured and the contestants lined up once more.  The trumpet rang a second time and the horses charged again across the sward.  Ryder took a glancing blow across the shoulder but managed to stay in his saddle and the borrowed lance remained in one piece, unseating his opponent with a well-placed blow to the chest.  The audience was stunned at the results, but that just added to the excitement of the day.  The final dozen competitors were paired off for the unarmed combat round.
 Ryder's patchwork armor did little to protect him from the lance blow and his shoulder ached terribly but he had to continue or withdraw.  He was paired up with Merk.  The uninjured boy grinned in triumph even before the contest began; he could already taste victory.  No one was allowed to wear armor for this round.  The first man to fall and fail to rise within ten seconds would be out of the contest.  It would be a combination of kicks, hand strikes, and wrestling.  Ryder was of a size with his opponent.  The boy had the speed and strength of youth but the man had long years of experience.  They faced one another, bowed at the official's signal, and then circled, looking for an opening.  The boy made a full out assault upon the older man but such was the man's ability at blocking and dodging that the boy soon tired himself to the point where he could hardly respond to even the most obvious attack.  Merk soon lay on the ground gasping for air while Ryder was barely breathing hard.  There were six men left in the final round.  
Several rounds of sword fighting would determine the winner.  Broc, Ryder, and a rather small man proceeded to the finals.  The three survivors would each face the other two in single combat so each man would have two different fights.  The winner would be the man who did the best in both rounds combined.  A tie would be broken by yet another round.  In the end it came down to a duel between Ryder and Broc, each had soundly defeated the small man and the winner of this round would win the entire contest.  They faced one another across the ring.  Merk sat on the sidelines looking very eager to see Ryder fail.  
Broc grinned and said, "give up now and as the future King of Vespera perhaps I will grant you amnesty."  
Ryder smiled grimly, "pardon Majesty but you have yet to earn your crown."
The trumpet blew and they closed with one another.  The man was cautious and the boy overly confident.  The boy rained blows upon his opponent who patiently blocked or dodged each assault.  The boy grew angry and reckless, he threw caution aside and charged his opponent like a raging bull.  Ryder jumped aside at the last moment and disabled the boy with a single stroke.  He had won the day.  The boys were not happy and neither were the various members of the Order, but there was little they could do at the moment, but there were always ways to deal with such upsets when an entire Kingdom was not watching.  The two boys were only too happy to participate in such an ignoble plot.
 The crowd cheered in amazement, most especially the only man who had wagered that the rather shabby knight would come out the victor; he was now a very rich man.  After the day's proceedings, the King withdrew to a private audience chamber to await the winner.  Ryder took enough time to clean up and change clothes before collecting Tristan and heading back to the palace.  Brodric and Conrad met them at the gates and they were soon escorted to the King.  "I congratulate you on a fine show of martial skill," said the King after everyone had made their bows, "though your armor was found wanting, you do not lack in skill or courage."  
Ryder bowed and said, "thank you Majesty."  
"Now," said the King, "perhaps you have changed your mind about this little event?  My daughter's hand is rightfully yours, as is the Kingdom."  
"Sire," said Ryder, "I have no interest in your daughter or your crown.  I entered this contest only to keep the Order from taking your throne.  You said I must win to have a say in this matter.  If you will now allow me to speak, I would have you put your daughter on the throne and let her marry the man of her choosing.  That would be the best possible thing you could do for your country and your child."  
The King looked stunned, "you really have no interest in my crown?  You did all this just so you could repeat what you have already said?  Unbelievable!  From the beginning, the Order has pushed me to pursue this little contest and like a fool I listened.  I should have listened to my more trusted advisors, especially those that actually had an interest in what is best for my country and not just themselves.  Brodric, your insight has ever been of the greatest wisdom and use.  I apologize for having abandoned my senses of late.  Do you think I could really do such a thing as place a woman on the throne?"  
Brodric bowed, "your Majesty it would be foolish to do anything but.  She is ready and you have trained her well.  You could find no greater successor, what does it matter that she is a woman and not a man?"  
"Very well," sighed the King, "I shall do as you suggest, but the Order will not be happy.  What shall I do if they cause problems?"  
"You must do as you would with anyone causing trouble within your borders," said Brodric, "we can only hope they have enough sense not to cause an incident."  The King sat long in silent thought and the Brethren realized that he had forgotten that they were there.  They bowed themselves out of his presence, but the King did not even then notice their going.  He refused to meet with any ambassadors from the Order and an edict was made that anyone causing trouble during the transition would be swiftly dealt with, regardless of which organization or country he did or did not belong to.  This stifled the more timid men amongst the ranks of the Order, but there were still those that wished to have their say in things.  It amazed the entire country that the winner of the contest chose not to marry the princess or take the throne but asked that the King make his daughter Queen.


Chapter 6

There was much joy in the Kingdom after the Coronation and surrounding festivities.  Ryder felt that he should stay in Vespera long enough to make sure the Order was not plotting some mischief or other and that the new Queen was not hassled or bullied by the Order.  The new Queen ordered all of the Knights of the Order out of her Kingdom, save a few representatives as all other nations and organizations were allowed.  The Order's representative complained bitterly but very slowly began moving a few of his men out of the city.  Brodric carefully watched everything that happened within the castle and advised the new Queen as she transitioned into her father's place.  Her father retired happily to his country estate and spent much time unsuccessfully chasing stags.
Ryder and Tristan quietly patrolled the streets of Vespera, watching for any sign of trouble from the Order or any other source.  It was strangely quiet, far too quiet; Ryder thought the Order must be plotting something to make so little noise about their unexpected defeat.  One night as the two Brethren sat at a table in a dingy little inn listening to yet another rumor-monger about another supposed plot against the Queen, the door banged open and in traipsed six armed men in the uniform of the Order.  Two of them were Broc and Merk; all six smiled villainously upon sighting the Brethren.
"Well, well," sneered Broc, "who do we have here?"  
Merk said, "you may have saved the Kingdom but who is going to save you?  Fear not, the Order will find some way to salvage this little inconvenience and you two will not be around to interfere.  I am hereby placing you both under arrest for treason against the Order."  
Ryder remained seated though his hand rested on his sword, "what kind of faulty logic is that?  I did nothing but honestly win a little contest.  I have done nothing to overtly challenge the Order or its authority, besides I thought the Queen had ordered you and yours out of Vespera?"  
"We are currently on our way out of this dismal little country, but we have this minor errand to accomplish first," said Merk.  
Broc added, "you may not have broken any Vesperan laws but you have both failed to show proper respect due a Knight of the Order and also ruined many carefully laid plans.  Both offenses warrant your arrest, however we are willing to negotiate.  We will spare you if you hand over the boy.  He has been a nuisance ever since our first meeting.  It will be a great pleasure to finally be rid of him."  
"Are you mad or do you think I am?" laughed Ryder, "What kind of an offer is that?  We will both die free men before either of us surrenders to the likes of you."  
Merk laughed darkly, "at least we agree that you both will die.  Seize them!"  
Chaos ensued.  Ryder sprang from his seat, sword drawn and pushed the table over, blocking the path of the six men for just a moment.  Tristan also had his sword out and backed towards Ryder.  Their pursuers drew their swords, dodged the table, and gave chase.  The Brethren ran up the stairs and down a long hallway and jumped out the window at the far end.  The men were close on their heels.  A small battle ensued in the streets below, leaving three of the pursuing men dead and Tristan wounded.  The odds were now a bit more even and Merk, Broc, and the other survivor were not so hasty in attacking the two cornered men.
"Even if you escape," chided Brock, "you are now hunted men and outlaws.  Surrender!"
"We will fight to the death," growled Ryder, "we do not fear you or your precious Order.  Be gone or you will not walk away from this fight."  
Merk and Broc laughed and swiftly fell upon their foes.  Tristan found himself exchanging blows with Merk while the other two went after Ryder.  His shoulder ached keenly but he ignored it and focused on the fight.  He had never killed a man before but one of those in the street had died by his hand.  He ignored his embattled emotions as much as he did his injured shoulder.  If he survived, there would be time enough for that later.  He held his own against Merk, who seemed surprised at Tristan's skill with a blade.  He had never dreamed the boy would last more than a few seconds in such a fight, neither did he imagine that he would fall by Tristan's hand.  The blade hit Merk square in the chest, he fell gasping to the paving stones, and then lay still.  
Not stopping to consider what he had just done, Tristan leapt over his fallen adversary and assisted Ryder in a desperate fight against the two remaining men.  Having seen Merk fall by Tristan's hand, Broc set upon Tristan in a fury.  It was all Tristan could do to keep Broc's blade from reaching his vulnerable flesh.  With only one opponent, Ryder was able to dispatch the man quickly and come to the aid of his embattled apprentice.  
"You are alone," said Ryder grimly, "give up before none is left to carry the tale to your misguided masters."
Broc could think of nothing but revenge upon the boy who was at fault for all the awful things that had befallen them in the past months.  It was soon over as the boy lay still upon the ground; his quest for vengeance had failed utterly.  Tristan and Ryder stood alone in the empty alley, gasping for air and stunned that they were still alive.  They were soon confronted by half a dozen of the Queen's guards.  The two men handed over their weapons and were escorted quietly from the scene.  The Queen was very unhappy to have such a scene take place within her city, but she agreed that the men had no right to try arresting the Brethren and their only recourse was to fight for their lives.  She advised them to leave the city immediately so that when the Order demanded to know where the perpetrators were she could honestly say that they had fled.  Ryder agreed with her completely and asked only that they be allowed to tend to their wounds and bid farewell to their colleagues.  He also suggested that she mobilize her army if necessary to escort any remaining Knights of the Order from her country.  She agreed to both of his requests.  She also thanked them for their part in helping her gain the throne before bidding them farewell.  
Conrad and Brodric were roused from their beds to help tend to their colleagues.  Neither man was terribly wounded though the gouge over Tristan's shoulder was fairly deep, but both were a mass of cuts and near misses.  Brodric said to Conrad, "this is why it is far safer to be a Philosopher than a Messenger.  We record things in books and scrolls, they prefer a more physical record."  Ryder grinned patiently.  Tristan just seemed numb.  
"What is the matter with Tristan?" asked the worried Conrad.  
Ryder shook his head, "I think he is still trying to come to terms with the fact that he took a life, especially the life of someone he knew.  It is never an easy thing to try and bend one's mind around."  
At Ryder's words, Tristan came back from wherever his mind had been and tears ran down his cheeks, "what have I done?"  
Ryder gave him a gentle smile, "what you had to do.  They chose their own fate, not you.  You simply did the only thing you could: you survived.  Would you rather have us lying dead in their place?"  
"No sir," said the boy.  
"Good," said Ryder, "now do not weep too hard or let guilt gnaw at your heart.  You have done nothing wrong.  It is never easy and it never should be, but time and experience will ease your grief.  Also remember what I said about that whole 'sir' thing."  A weak grin graced the boy's face and Ryder knew he would recover.
 They slept away what was left of the night and left immediately at dawn.  As they rode slowly out of the city, Ryder turned to Tristan and asked, "are you sure you picked the right sect?  This is pretty much life as usual for a Messenger.  It is not too late to change your mind."  
The boy smiled and said, "I understand, but this is what I was meant to do."  
Ryder laughed, "good, I would hate to lose you to the Philosophers.  You did very well last night."  The boy grinned at the man's praise.  From a window high atop a tower, Conrad watched his friend ride away and wondered when they would ever see each other again.  
"Where are we headed next?" asked Tristan of Ryder.  
Ryder said, "I am not sure.  We have averted disaster in Vespera but I do not think we have heard the last of the Order in this matter.  I sent a pigeon to the Lady and perhaps we will hear something in reply ere we reach Astoria, but for now our path will take us home.  We will ride slowly until our wounds have healed.”  The boy was already acquiring a fine collection of scars and he had only been at this a few months.  He was amazed at the number of old wounds that crisscrossed Ryder's chest.  He wondered how any man could acquire so many and yet survive, but perhaps a century of service to the Brethren gave one ample time to heal from one beating before receiving the next.  Over the ensuing days they did ride slowly, which gave the two ample time to heal and Tristan the chance to continue his learning.
Finally, the adventurers reached Astoria.  Tristan wondered idly where their next adventure would take them.  As they rode through the gates, Tristan had to look twice at one of the guards posted thereupon.  It was Kile.  The boy grinned broadly at his friend as he rode past.  Ryder shook his head in amusement.  They were escorted immediately to the Lady to report on their recent assignment.  They bowed and took the waiting seats.  
“Welcome home,” said she, looking very serious, “well done in averting disaster in Vespera, but there is the small matter of Lord Calmar to be dealt with.”  
“Lord Calmar?” asked Ryder, “I do not recognize the name.”  
The Lady continued, “he is the father of Merk and very unhappy about the premature demise of his son.  He is riding here with all speed to demand that the perpetrators be handed over to him or he declares he shall wage war upon Astoria.”  
Tristan blinked, no wonder the Lady looked so grim!  “How powerful is this man?” asked Ryder.  
The Lady said, “he is one of the greater Lords of Perth.  Broc’s father is a minor noble but has also joined the fray.  They should be here in about two weeks.  We shall try and settle this diplomatically but I fear the fathers will be as unreasonable as their sons.  I pray this does not come to violence, but we shall do what we must.”  
Tristan asked nervously, “Lady, why not just do as they ask rather than risk so many lives if they cannot be talked into seeing reason?”  
She smiled warmly at the boy, “you have done nothing to require such action and he has no right to demand it.  If he had some claim on you I would consider it, but he has none.  I do not negotiate with bullies.  You both shall remain here until this little dispute is settled, though I would much rather have you riding south to discover what the Order’s response to events in Vespera shall be.  Ryder, you shall teach a few classes with all the free time you are currently in possession of.  Tristan, there are some classes I would like you to take as well as to help with teaching some of the younger students.  You shall also be assigned to ride patrol and stand watch at the gates.  Until this is settled I need you both close at hand.”  They bowed themselves out.  
Tristan looked to his mentor and said, “what do you think will come of all this?”  Ryder could only shake his head.
Kile soon found his friend at the evening meal.  He said, “I hear you shall be staying for at least a couple of weeks and will be helping with patrol and guard duty?”  
Tristan smiled and said, “so the Lady says.  How long are you in the city?”  
Kile shrugged, “as long as Darrin is stationed here so am I.  The Warriors rotate between field missions and duty in Astoria.  We will probably be here several months.  How about you?”  
Tristan shrugged, “I hope we shall be gone again once this whole fiasco with Merk and Broc is settled.”  
Kile looked about and lowered his voice, “is it true you killed them both?”  
Tristan looked grim and nauseous at the same time; he had come to terms with what had happened but he still did not like speaking or thinking about it.  He said, “they and four others set upon Ryder and myself with swords.  All were killed in the fighting.  It was a choice between them and us.  We gave them every chance to escape or leave us alone but they were intent upon arresting us.”  
Kile shook his head, “they were never very good at knowing when to give up.  Though I cannot say I look forward to the day when I have to take a life.  What is it like?”  
Tristan shivered, “not pleasant but sometimes it must be done.”  Kile nodded in understanding.  They turned to happier subjects for the remainder of the meal.  Tristan returned to the room he shared with Ryder early that evening.  He had to ride patrol at dawn and was weary from their recent journey.  
Ryder was summoned again to the Lady after the evening meal.  He made his courtesies and she motioned for him to walk beside her as she paced the great lawn.  “How did Tristan do on your recent adventure?” asked she, “This could not have been easy for him.”  
Ryder said, “he does well in a tight spot and does not lose his head.  He is a good fighter, has a great heart, and also a sharp mind.  I think you would be proud of him.  He has the potential to be a very great man one day.  He still has some boyish tendencies to overcome, but he is still a very young man and time and training will do much.  He was not happy about shedding blood for the first time, but it is never easy for anyone.  He is coming along very well.”  
She nodded, “that is good to know.  Thank you.”  
“Lady,” said Ryder, “what do you think will happen when Calmar gets here?”  
She shook her head, “I do not know.  I only hope he can be convinced to see reason.”  They talked of less important things as they continued to circle the lawn.  Ryder returned to their room to find Tristan already asleep.
Early the next morning, Ryder was woken by the sound of Tristan stumbling about the room trying to dress in the dark.  He laughed sleepily, “you could light a candle.”  The boy blushed and mumbled an apology before hurrying out the door to join up with the patrol in the courtyard.  Ryder shook his head in amusement and tried to find what sleep he could before having to teach classes later in the morning.  Tristan found his mare and was soon in the saddle.  The others had already assembled and they wasted no time in beginning their assigned patrol route.  
“Good morning,” smiled Kile, riding beside his friend.  
Tristan returned a sleepy smile, “I am not sure this qualifies as morning.”  
A significant look from the leader of the patrol quickly silenced the chatter among the apprentices.  They rode the assigned route and returned to Astoria as the sun was setting.  As with most patrols, this one had yielded nothing interesting.  
Tristan found Ryder at supper.  The man asked, “how was your ride?”  
The boy smiled, “nicely uneventful.”  
The man laughed, “an old campaigner already!  Tomorrow the Lady wishes you to attend a couple of classes on interpreting the Common Law in the morning and after lunch you are to help with the lessons I am giving to some of the new students.”  Tristan nearly had the Law memorized by this point and could quote vast passages of it from memory.  He still had much to learn about interpretation however.  He found Darrin after the meal and spent the evening catching up with his old friend.
Morning came and the classes were far more interesting than Tristan thought possible, perhaps he should have been a Philosopher, but then he thought of Conrad trapped in Vespera with his ancient mentor and decided he had made the right decision.  After lunch, he found Ryder and helped him work with the new students on their sword technique.  No one stabbed themselves, so the lesson was considered a success.  That evening he was to stand watch at the gates.  It was interesting, though often tedious to ask those wishing to enter the city what their business was.  No one seemed to be plotting the overthrow of the Lady so it was a rather quiet evening.  The next couple weeks continued in a similar pattern of classes, patrol, standing watch, and assisting with lessons.  
One morning, his patrol came across a large party of armed men pressing hard towards the city.  The Patrol Leader approached the apparent leader of the opposing company and asked their business.  Lord Calmar had come.  The Patrol Leader sent two of his men to continue their assigned route and told Tristan and the other two men to accompany him in escorting Calmar’s party to the city.  Tristan rode ahead with the Leader and the other two brought up the rear.  No one said anything as the grim party rode towards the city.  Some distance from Astoria proper, the Patrol Leader asked that all but four of the armed men remain in the open meadow.  The four selected men would continue into the city for an audience with the Lady.  There was some grumbling among the leadership of the party, but there was apparently no way around doing as the Brethren requested.  Calmar and Broc’s father (Lord Antony) and two guards rode towards the city with Tristan and the Patrol Leader, the other two Brethren remained to keep an eye on the balance of the horsemen.  With Tristan and the Leader as escort, the gate guards did not challenge the new arrivals.  Word quickly reached the Lady and she was waiting in the courtyard.
The Brethren bowed in their saddles and dismounted.  The four men remained in their saddles looking very grim.  “Welcome to Astoria Lord Calmar,” said the Lady, “I will give you a private audience if that is your wish?”  
Calmar said bluntly, “I wish for the heads of the men who slew my son.”  
The Lady said sternly, “this is not the place to discuss such matters.  You will accompany me to a more private setting or you will take your men and leave immediately.”  
The man did not like her terms but there seemed to be little choice.  He gave a curt nod and all four dismounted.  The patrol leader said, “you will have to leave your weapons at the guard house.  You are not permitted an audience with the Lady if armed.”  Again the man looked frustrated but complied with the order.  They then followed the waiting servant to the audience chamber in which they would hold their council.  When they entered, the Lady was already seated.  The Brethren bowed as they entered and took a position at the back.  Besides for Tristan and the patrol leader, Ryder, Darrin, and several others were present.  The two men took the proffered seats facing the Lady while their guards stood at their backs.  
Calmar began again without any courtesies to the Lady, “I demand justice for the death of my son and the son of Lord Antony.  We will have justice or war.”  
“You have a strange sense of justice if you demand the lives of my servants in exchange for the lives of your sons.  To my knowledge they were the aggressors in the fiasco and were given ample chance to back down.  They were slain in a fight of six against two with numbers greatly on their side.”
The man looked ready to explode, “I have long been patient with the outrages you have heaped upon me and mine, but no longer!  At every turn you have done your best to embarrass and discredit my family.”  
The Lady shook her head sadly, “it is a tragedy that your sons have fallen, but it came of decisions of their own making.  Everything we have done has been in response to similarly poor judgment.  Since first they came to Astoria they have acted out of pride and arrogance and have terrorized their fellow students.  I was more than fair in meting out their punishments and gave them ample chances to change their behavior.  Their fate is of their own doing.”
“How can you say such things?” demanded the man with a face as red as a beet, “They have never done anything to deserve such treatment.  You have no proof!  It is your word against mine.”
“Proof?” said the Lady, “Is that what you desire?  Do you know that the Brethren cannot tell an overt lie without violating their Oath and suffering the consequences attendant thereunto?”  The man nodded.  She caught Tristan’s eye and said, “Tristan, please step forward.”  The boy looked nervously about the room but did as she ordered.  
She looked at Calmar and said, “this boy has been the target of your sons’ antipathy since the first day he came to Astoria.  They assaulted him in the forests surrounding my city and left him a mass of bruises hardly able to stand.  They have done the same to other students, but those students crept away in shame before I could learn of it.  When I confronted them on their behavior, they were not sorry for their actions and actually seemed to think they were doing me some sort of favor.  It was for this reason that I banished them from Astoria for a full year.  Then a contingent of your men rode into my country and when I refused to allow the boys to return early, they made to attack one of my men and four of my students.  This boy was unarmed but faced down a man with a sword to save the life of his friend.  I sent your men away immediately, pardoning them for the crimes they had committed.
Your sons returned once more at the end of their year of banishment and continued to act with the same arrogance and superiority as before.  They were allowed to continue taking classes, but I would not allow them to go about unsupervised.  They grew weary of our vigilance and demanded an audience with me.  I granted their request, but seeing that their hearts had not changed and probably never would, I sent them away from my country forever unless they requested and were granted my permission for a future visit.  I sent this boy alone to escort them to the borders of Astoria, thinking they would not be foolish enough to attack one of my servants unprovoked, but it was I that proved to be wrong.  They turned upon the boy at the border though he never raised a hand against them.  Tristan, remove your tunic please.”
The boy was startled at such a request but removed his shirt and bared his chest to all there gathered.  Several people gasped at the scars crisscrossing his torso.  The Lady continued, “this is the legacy of your sons.  Every scar on this boy’s body can be traced to their actions.  The wound across his flank is from his encounter with them upon the border.  The rest are the result of their actions in Vespera.  Look upon this boy and tell me he deserves such wounds at his age.  I have seasoned warriors who carry fewer scars.  And now you demand his life as well?  Thank you Tristan, you may resume your place.”  
He bowed and put his tunic back on, retreating to the back of the room.  The Lords Calmar and Antony looked truly stunned rather than angry.  Calmar finally said, “I had no idea their behavior was so reprehensible.  Please accept my apologies on their behalf.  Even a commoner does not deserve such treatment.  Perhaps it is not too late to instill proper humility in my other children.”  
Antony said, “but my son is still dead!”  
Calmar put a hand on his friend’s shoulder and said, “as is mine but it was through their own actions and decisions that it was brought about.  These people are not at fault.  It is our boys who brought about their own downfall and perhaps part of the fault is ours for not checking their behavior when we had the chance.”  
He bowed to the Lady and said, “thank you for your time and information, though it greatly grieves my heart.”  She stood and bowed as well.  Even Antony bowed as they left the chamber.  Tristan and the patrol leader escorted them back to their waiting men and then accompanied the whole group back across the border.  Before they parted, Calmar said to the boy, “I had no idea our sons could be so cruel.  Please accept our apologies.”  
Tristan shook his head, “it was their actions not yours.  It is not for you to apologize.  I am sorry for your loss, it was not something I ever wished to do, but avoiding it would have cost me my life and the life of my friends.”  The man nodded sadly and rode away into the fading day.  The patrol rode back towards the city and supper.
Darrin found the boy looking very thoughtful over his evening meal.  Tristan smiled as his friend sat across from him.  He said, “that is quite the collection of scars.  I am impressed!”  
The boy grinned, “I would rather collect books or butterflies, but I have little say in the matter.”  Ryder came over and joined them.  
Darrin said, “you need to take better care of the poor boy.  He did not have a scratch on him when I traveled with him.”  
Ryder smiled, “I have already offered to let him join up with the Philosophers but he will not listen.  I have no control over such things.”  Tristan only shook his head but their banter over the course of the meal greatly lifted his spirits.  He had decided the only thing worse than killing someone was facing their loved ones afterwards.
Ryder escorted Tristan back to their room after supper and said, “we have our next assignment and we leave early tomorrow.”  The boy looked at him expectantly and he continued, “we go in search of information as to what, if anything, the Order is planning after their failure in Vespera.”  The boy looked eager to be on the road once more.  Ryder could only laugh in amusement, “you have an adventurous heart it seems.  You would make a very uneasy Philosopher!”  The boy shared his mirth.  They went to bed early and left before sunrise the following morning.

They rode quickly but did not press their mounts to excess.  As they traveled, Ryder continued Tristan’s lessons in a myriad of subjects.  The boy was a quick learner and continued to impress his teacher.   As they traveled south, Ryder asked many of the people they met about happenings in Vespera, Panmycea, and the surrounding areas.  The Order seemed somnolent for some reason, Ryder feared a storm was brewing.  They finally reached Vespera, but after an audience with the Queen and the Brethren there, they were still no closer to learning anything of import.  The Queen’s rule was firmly established and the country was as peaceful and prosperous as ever.  The Order had not done more than send a patrol through on occasion since she had used the army to clear the country of them.  
Ryder decided that they must venture into Panmycea itself to get to the heart of the matter.  Tristan was not sure he liked the idea of venturing into enemy territory, but he had no say in the matter.  He was however pleased to see that Conrad was immensely happy with his current situation; his friend would do very well.  Ryder decided to grow a beard just in case he was a wanted man in the Order’s home territory.  If asked, their reason for visiting was that they were very curious about the Order and had come to learn more about it, which of course was very true.  In the time it took them to reach the Order’s stronghold, Ryder had grown himself a very shaggy beard and could not be easily recognized as the same man who had so recently won the contest in Vespera.
As they crossed the border into Panmycea, a patrol of six armed and mounted men came upon them.  “What is your business here?” demanded the leader.  
Ryder said, “we have an interest in the Order and have come to satisfy our curiosity.”  
“I see,” said the grumpy patrolman, “see that you stay out of mischief.  If I were you, I would either join up or go home immediately.  This is no place for civilians.”  
Ryder bowed politely and said, “I thank you for your advice.”  
The man growled, “it would be best if you heeded it.”  The patrol rode on.  
Contrary to the man’s words, there were countless civilians in the city itself.  A thriving community had grown up around the once solely military compound.  Yet the enormous fortress, known as the Citadel, towered over everything, reminding everyone of the primary reason the city existed.  They rode through the gates surrounding the city after satisfying the guards’ curiosity about their visit.  Tristan gawked at the towering edifice of the Citadel; it was quite an intimidating structure.  Ryder smiled in amusement at the boy's amazement.  Ryder thought perhaps it would be wise to take the patrolman's advice and speak to a recruitment officer for the Order.  Perhaps he could shed some light on the plans or lack thereof for Vespera.  They rode up to the guards at the main gate of the Citadel and Ryder said, "I am very curious about this Order of yours.  Is there anyone I could talk to about it?"  One of the guards nodded curtly and sent an underling running.  
A very excited officer arrived soon after and approached the strangers, "good day gentlemen.  I hear you are interested in learning more about the Order of the Unicorn?"  Both of the Brethren nodded.  The man smiled enthusiastically, "excellent!  If you will surrender your weapons to the guards and follow me, I would be happy to answer your questions."  
Ryder nodded and they both dismounted and handed over their weapons.  Their mounts were led aside so as not to block traffic in and out of the fortress.  They followed the man into a small stone structure off to one side of the courtyard and took the chairs he offered.  He took another behind a massive desk littered with various papers, scrolls, and parchments.  He eyed both of his guests with glee.  Both men looked like they knew the use of a sword and if he could convince them to join the Order he was sure to get quite a bonus for specimens such as these.  "What can I help you with?" asked he.  
Ryder smiled and said, "we were recently in Vespera during the King's little contest and I must say, I was impressed by the skills of the warriors I saw competing on behalf of the Order."  
The man smiled, "yes, our men are quite famous for their fighting abilities and the Order is the place to be if you wish to improve your skills with a blade."  
Ryder smiled again and said, "I am sure it is.  One thing that worries me though is that the Order has a reputation for being well...a bit contrary to local law and custom.  After happenings in Vespera I was happy to see that there was not an overt attempt by the Order to bring matters back into their favor.  This gave me reason to hope that perhaps the rumors were overplayed."  
The man said, "happenings in Vespera went contrary to what the Order might have wished, having one of our own men upon the throne would have been quite an honor, but it is not in our best interest to interfere in such things (at least at this point in time) once they were decided through proper channels, even if that decision was not in our favor.  We have turned our attention to other, more pressing matters."  
Ryder said, "so there is to be no reprisal against Vespera for the way things turned out?"  
The man shook his head, "as I said, the Order has more important business to attend to.  The only little detail we have yet to tie up from the whole affair is to catch the man responsible for murdering six of our men, but we have men out looking for the fugitive as we speak."  
"Ah," said Ryder, "who would dare such a thing?"  
The man said, "I do not know, but perhaps you would like a brief tour of the Citadel?"  He was not sure why he had shared that particular information with the man and was afraid at what else he might let slip to the stranger so he thought perhaps a tour would take the pressure off of himself for a bit.
"Why not," said Ryder.  All stood and exited the little office area.
 As they emerged, five men and two women rode into the courtyard of the Citadel.  The two women were obviously prisoners being escorted by the five men in Order uniforms.  Ryder thought Tristan did a good job of hiding his shock upon recognizing who the women were.  They were both Brethren and Ryder recognized the girl as Tristan's friend Emilia.  The woman he thought he remembered being called Piper.  He had only met her once many years ago.  How they had fallen afoul of the Order he could not imagine.  Their guide looked shocked at the unfortunate timing of the scene and walked directly up to the leader of the group.  This was the last thing his potential recruits needed to witness.  He demanded, "what are these women doing here?  This is highly unusual!  What is the meaning of this?"  
The leader smiled proudly and said, "we have just returned from Arca and have brought these ladies the entire way.  They were telling stories that were unacceptable to the Order, resisted arrest, and overheard delicate information.  I also suspect them to be members of the Brethren."  
"You arrested them for telling stories?" asked the aghast man.  
"Yes sir," said the leader proudly.  
"Exactly what sort of information did they overhear?" asked the man.  
The leader said, "that we were planning to take the throne of Vespera by winning the contest."  
The man rolled his eyes in disbelief, "if it was that vital that they be punished why did you not do it quietly?  Now the whole world knows they are here!  If they are of the Brethren, we risk open war with Astoria, which is most definitely something we currently wish to avoid.  As far as I know there is no warrant out for their arrest and people are allowed to disagree with us without requiring punitive measures to be taken."  
The leader did not look happy, "then why did I drag them halfway across the world?"  
The man said, "that is an excellent question.  You will release them and apologize for the inconvenience of your actions.  You will also be stripped of your rank and be sent back to wherever it was that you came from and resume whatever you are actually supposed to be doing under the command of your second in command.  Understood?"  
"Yes sir," whined the former leader.
Their guide approached the women, cut the ropes binding their hands, and apologized for their detainment.  He then asked if the women had been respectfully treated.  In response Piper said, “at least that much propriety was observed.  Could we also have our weapons back ere we leave?  Thankfully this little detour has not completely ruined our plans though it has set them back enormously.”  
The man said, “you will find your weapons in the guard house as you are leaving.  Again, please accept my apologies on behalf of the Order.  This man is the exception and not the example of our field officers.”  
She smiled grimly and said, “for the sake of us all I pray you are right.”  She motioned to the girl and they led their horses towards the gates and retrieved their weapons.  
The man approached his guests once more, “I hope this little incident has not destroyed your interest in the Order?”  
Ryder shook his head sadly, “with tidings from Vespera I had begun to hope, but this has made me very uneasy.  I am afraid I must be allowed more time to think on such things though your example has been very reassuring.  I am of a divided mind.  Perhaps a night’s rest would ease my decision?”  
The man nodded in acceptance that he might lose the two very promising recruits, “you must do as you feel is right, but please think deeply before you give up on the Order altogether.”  
“I will,” said Ryder.  
The man brightened and said, “if such behavior is what keeps you from joining us, perhaps you could consider joining in hopes of changing the Order for the better?”  
Ryder smiled, “there is a thought, though I am not sure what the example of one man can do for such a large body of men.  I will take it under consideration, however.”  
The man said, “then I look forward to seeing you again.”  
Ryder said, “if I have come to a decision, I shall return on the morrow.”  
The man smiled, “then sleep well and choose wisely.”  Ryder nodded his thanks, they retrieved their weapons and their mounts, and left the Citadel.
The man wearily watched his lost recruits ride out of the main gates of the Citadel.  He idly wondered if they would be back.  Something made him doubt that he would ever see them again.  He went back into his office and stared glumly at the stacks of paper he had yet to attend to upon his desk.  One sheet in particular caught his attention.  Upon it was a rough sketch of the man purportedly responsible for the course of events in Vespera and also wanted for the suspected murder of six Knights of the Order.  He could not imagine why he found the image so familiar.  As if struck by lightning, he understood.  If the man he had just spoken with were well shaven, he would look very much like the man from the drawing.  He shook his head, no fugitive was stupid enough to walk into the heart of Panmycea and into the Citadel itself!  But his questions about Vespera were strange for a mere recruit to ask; he must have come seeking specific information.  He slammed his fist down on the desk in frustration and ran out into the courtyard.  The five men who had escorted the women were still milling about like fowl in a barnyard.  
He yelled, “what are you doing you fools?  Change out of your uniforms and into plain clothes.  Go after the man who just left.  Be useful for once in your worthless lives and bring me his head or I shall have yours!”  Like startled sheep, they dashed into the Citadel to find a change of clothes.  The recruitment officer fumed in anger at his own shortsightedness. 
As Ryder and Tristan rode out of the city, they followed the path taken by their comrades; the unicorns could easily locate their fellows in the area.  They found the ladies waiting for them in a gaily lit common room in a small inn on the outskirts of Panmycea.  They took the empty seats across from their colleagues and the ladies smiled in greeting.  “How did you end up in the hands of the Order?” asked Ryder of Piper.  
She shook her head, “one minute I am telling some forgotten tale and the next in march six men in Order uniforms demanding that I stop speaking heresy.  Of course I ignored them and continued with my tales.  They found a table and spent the balance of the night glaring at us and whispering darkly amongst themselves.  They had a bit too much to drink and began arguing loudly about events soon to occur in Vespera.  They were so loud the entire common room heard every detail.  Finally, in a drunken stupor their leader comes up and tries to arrest us.  His cronies circled around us and had their swords out before we could get away and here we are.  They left one man back in Arca to continue with their patrol and the rest escorted us hither.  What a tedious journey!  What are you two doing in the heart of the Citadel?”  
Ryder smiled, “the Lady sent me to find out if there were any plans brewing within the Order for reprisals against Vespera after recent events.  I found nothing in Vespera, so I thought this was the next best place to look.  We were accosted by a patrol at the border and the man suggested we either leave or join up.  I thought it a good suggestion so I went to talk to the recruitment officer.  From him I discovered that there are no plans, or at least none that he is aware of, involving Vespera.  What news in the East?”  
She smiled, “nothing of any great report.  The price of corn is up and it has been a dry summer.”  
Ryder smiled, “fascinating.  What are your plans now?”  
She sighed, “we have yet to complete our tour of the Eastern Realms.  We will be heading back immediately.  And you?”  
Ryder said, “I think we have enough information to satisfy the Lady.  We shall return to Astoria.”  As he finished his sentence, the doors at the back and front of the inn were thrown open simultaneously.  The four Brethren were on their feet immediately with their swords out.  Two men came in the back and three came in the front.  
The new leader of the group pointed at Ryder and said, “drop your weapons and come quietly.  You have escaped justice long enough.  I am arresting you for the murder of six of our agents in Vespera.”  
Ryder laughed grimly, “you have no cause to arrest me.  Those men were killed in self-defense.  They would not back down when we told them they had no just cause to try arresting us.  Do not make the same mistake.”  As the discussion was going on, the Brethren were slowly backing towards the corridor that held the guest rooms.  They made a dash for the nearest room and flung open the window.  Piper was the first one out and yelled that the alley was clear.  Emilia followed.  Tristan and Ryder remained in the tiny room, which was soon filled with their five opponents.  
“Go!” yelled Ryder to Tristan, “It is me they seek.”  
“I cannot abandon you,” said the boy.  “
That is an order!” growled the man, “We may slay these five but do you think doing so in Panmycea itself will do more than temporarily win us our freedom?  Go and complete our mission.”  
Tristan barely kept back the tears as he flung himself out the window as Ryder had bidden him.  It was the hardest thing he had ever done.  As he jumped, he heard the leader of the men say, “let the boy go, it is the man we want.  Will you come quietly?”  
Ryder smiled grimly, set himself for battle, and said, “of course not!”  
The men came at him as one.  He managed to fell two of his opponents before he himself was slain.  Their mission accomplished, the leader sent one of his men back to the Citadel for help in dealing with the bodies of his men and the fugitive.  

Piper grasped Tristan’s shoulders and forced him to walk in the direction of the stables, he did not resist.  Inside, they quickly saddled their mounts and made their escape into the darkness.  The stall that had held Ryder’s stallion was empty and had been kicked to pieces, confirming what they already knew: their friend was dead and his stallion had fled upon feeling his master’s death.  They rode as swiftly as the unicorns could go.  Tristan rode in a daze and clung to the saddle out of mere habit.  Piper glanced back at the boy in concern.  Emilia wished there were some way to comfort her friend, but they could do nothing until they were far from Panmycea and the reach of the Order.  They rode long into the night.  A patrol spotted them, but could not catch them.  As dawn broke again upon the world, Piper stopped their headlong flight and found a secluded place to hide and rest.  Tristan was numb with grief; he had not felt like this since his parents had died.
Piper put an arm around the boy and shook him gently.  She said, “cry if you must, but you must not wall off your heart.  Ryder did his duty, now you must do yours.  You must ride for Astoria and inform the Lady of what has happened here.  We must continue east.”  
Finally, Tristan seemed to waken, as if from a dream.  Tears rolled down his cheeks and he asked, “why?”  
Piper drew him close and said, “his time had come.  The Master will call us all home one day, some sooner than others.  He knew he was hunted and as long as he remained with us, posed a danger to us all.  He bought our lives with his.  You must not grieve so, he did not die in vain and is now in a far better place.  You shall see him once more.  Death is not the end.  Would you have given your life for his?”  Tristan nodded grimly.  She continued, “how about your life for mine, or Emilia’s or even a complete stranger?  Would you count it a fair trade?”  
The boy said, “if my life could ransom another’s it would be my duty to die in their stead and I would not count it a loss.”  
Piper smiled grimly, “then why do you not allow Ryder to do the same?  What greater gift have any of us to give than our very lives in the service of others?”  
Tristan wiped his tear-streaked face on his sleeve and nodded in understanding.  He said, “his death is still not easy to take but perhaps now I can find meaning in it and peace for myself?”  
Piper said, “death should never be easy, but we of all men have the least to fear from it.  Always remember, the Master can bring great good out of even the greatest tragedy.  What our enemies mean for evil, He can turn to His own purposes.  We shall rest for the day and then must continue our travels as the sun sets.”  Emilia came over and embraced her friend.  He found great comfort in the support of his colleagues and hope in the Master’s promises.  He had lost one he looked to as almost a father, but he knew that he could and must go on.

They slept as only those exhausted by flight and grief could sleep, but as the sun set they broke camp and prepared to leave.  The ladies would ride east to continue their duties there.  Tristan would set out northwards towards Astoria, alone.  He hugged both of his comrades farewell, and swung into his saddle to begin the long ride home.  Emilia looked sadly over her shoulder as her friend disappeared into the gathering dark.  The Order sent out riders in search of the two women and the boy, but naught was ever found of them.  They turned their attention to more pressing matters since they had already found the man they sought.  Once again there was a tenuous sort of peace between the Brethren and the Order, though occasional clashes were not uncommon.  
The ride home for Tristan was a surreal experience.  They traveled as swiftly as they could without exhausting either man or unicorn.  He had never made such a journey alone, especially after such a traumatic event.  He found peace in the presence of Aria and also in the hope he had found in the Master.  The very absence of his friend on this journey reminded him constantly of his loss, but he pressed on and finally reached Astoria.  He rode alone into the courtyard and received several curious glances, but no one asked why he was not in the company of Ryder.  A servant approached and Tristan asked if he might see the Lady at her earliest convenience.  The servant dashed off and soon returned saying he could see her immediately.  The boy followed the man into the Lady's now familiar audience chamber.  He bowed formally and remained standing before her.  He tried several times to speak but the words caught in his throat.  Finally, forcing back tears, he was able to say, "Ryder has fallen."  
The Lady nodded sadly, she had feared as much when the boy returned alone.  She said gently, "and what of your mission?"  
Tristan tried to regain some of his composure and said, "he was fairly certain that there was no imminent plot by the Order against Vespera in response to recent happenings there.  If there is, it is known only to those very deep within the Order's councils."  
The Lady nodded, "good.  At least that messy business is behind us.  Now the question is, how are you holding up?"  
Tristan smiled weakly, "each day is a little easier.  Piper and Emilia were there and were very helpful and supportive.  The journey back was difficult but I will heal with time.  I miss him terribly."  
The Lady said, "he has been a faithful servant to me for over a century.  There are many who will miss him dearly, but we must continue on as best we can.  He will not be the last of your comrades who will fall in the course of your service to the Brethren, are you still willing to continue at such a cost?"  
The boy nodded, "Lady, I was made for nothing else, and I knew the costs to myself and others when I took the Oath.  You need never doubt my ability to go on or do what I must.  There are times that it will not be easy, but I will not despair."  
She smiled, "I am happy to hear that.  Now what are we to do with you?  All of my Messengers are currently out of Astoria and I do not know when I can find you another suitable mentor.  You could stay here and continue learning and perhaps do a bit of teaching, but that is not what you need right now.  Darrin and Kile are leaving at dawn for an assignment in the north, perhaps you could go with them?  I know Darrin is a Warrior (though one day I hope to convince him that the Messengers would be a very good place for him), but he has much he could teach you.  I also think the company of your old friends would be a very good thing during this difficult time.  The choice is yours.  If you are weary from travel and grief and wish to rest a bit, we can find ample things for you to do here.  Otherwise you leave at sunrise."  
 "Then I had better get some rest and gather my things," said the boy with a weak grin.  
The Lady smiled at his renewing spirit, "very good.  Then I shall tell you more of your mission.  Perth and Ithalia, countries in the far northwestern corner of the world, have long been reluctant friends and joyful enemies.  There is open war between them every few centuries, which eventually settles down into an uneasy peace until the next flare-up.  They share a common border, Perth on the west and Ithalia on the east; their northern border lies adjacent to the Northern Wilds.  Recently, there has been much raiding and a few skirmishes upon the northern borders of both countries.  Both blame the other though it could simply be a gang of bandits having a good time.  Our agents within each country are working feverishly to maintain the fragile peace, but I am sending the three of you to figure out who is inciting violence and figure out a way to stop it before this erupts into full scale war."  
Tristan was wide-eyed, "that sounds more like an assignment for a Messenger than a Warrior."  
She smiled, "as I said, I yet have hopes that Darrin will change his mind about his chosen calling."  The boy smiled in shared amusement.  He made his bows and went in search of his friends, supper, and sleep.  He found everyone at the evening meal.  Darrin and Kile were both happy to have him along, though Darrin was distressed by the news of Ryder.  
After the meal, Darrin said, "we are off early tomorrow so we had best get some sleep."  The three went in search of their beds.


Chapter 7

Early the next morning, they were mounted in the courtyard and off on yet another adventure.  They needed to ride swiftly so were traveling without a pack animal, for they had a very long journey and must not arrive too late.  They pressed hard during the day and stopped only long enough to sleep at night.  There was little time for learning or talk as they traveled, but Tristan found great comfort in the presence and camaraderie of his friends.  Darrin's plans were as yet unformed.  He hoped to gather information from reliable sources as they drew closer to the conflicted area, but that was his only plan as of now.  Things could change quickly, depending on the circumstances they found when they finally reached their destination.  They spent almost all of their time riding or sleeping and only stopped long enough to occasionally buy supplies.  They made excellent time and within the course of three weeks found themselves on the northeastern borders of Ithalia.  That night they stopped at an inn, Darrin hoped to find some word of happenings further west.  
A seedy looking fellow was seated at a table by himself, Darrin bought an extra mug of ale and approached the solitary man.  Tristan wondered at the practice of paying for information with alcohol, but it seemed the traditional method for getting a complete stranger to talk about absolutely anything.  The man smiled when he realized his next round was free.  "Thank you," said the stranger to Darrin as he took a seat across from the man and handed over the extra mug.  The boys took a seat at an empty table nearby.  "You are not from around here?" said the man insightfully.  
Darrin nodded, "we are just passing through and hoping for word of conditions further west.  We have heard some disturbing rumors, but nothing more substantial than simple gossip.  Any idea what is going on out West?"  
The man smiled in grim amusement, "if I were you I would find a different path.  Things are chaotic at best and deadly in many instances.  There is a large group of men that suddenly appears, as if out of thin air, raids a village or merchant train and then vanishes again.  The Ithalians say it is the Perthians and vice versa.  Personally, I think it is some mix of the two plus any other mercenaries and bandits they were able to find.  I hear the two countries are on the brink of war, which will only make things worse.  Why not head east or south?  West is no place for sane men to be right now."  
"Thank you," said Darrin, "but we have pressing business and cannot turn aside."  Darrin spoke with several others that night and heard the same vague rumors and suppositions.  They would have to press further west before they found more substantial information.
 The further west they traveled, the more they heard of such rumors but nothing more.  The bandits (or whatever they were) could strike anywhere along the Northern borders of both countries and no patrol or other armed force or reliable witness had ever come back from confronting them.  The villages and merchants they attacked quickly surrendered all of their valuable assets thus sparing the lives of those involved.  If there was no resistance, the thieves took what they wanted and moved on without killing anyone.  The few individuals that tried to resist were dealt with swiftly and violently thus discouraging that sort of behavior.  It was thought that the group must have some sort of stronghold somewhere in the Wilds, but seldom retreated there save to deposit their latest plunder.  They could strike anywhere along the borders and there was never any warning until it was too late.  
Somewhere in the area bordering the Wilds and the shared border of Ithalia and Perth, Darrin and his charges stopped again for the night.  He was beginning to wonder if he would ever learn anything of these mysterious raiders from local gossipmongers.  He was hoping to find someone who had defected from the ranks of the peculiar thieves, but it seemed they took their secrets to the grave.  Darrin wondered if death was the only way to leave the group once you were involved; it certainly was the most efficient way of keeping secrets.  They were alone in the common room save for a shifty-eyed fellow who kept glancing in their direction but never making eye contact.  Darrin thought about buying the man a drink but something kept him from pursuing the idea.  The evening passed slowly and they retreated to their room.  Early the next morning they were off again on their westward journey.  The shifty man was in the stable as they were preparing to leave.  He very slowly tacked up his own mount and they were mounted and ready before he was halfway through his preparations.  They rode out of the stableyard and he watched them go.  Darrin really did not like the way the man watched them, but there was little he could do about it.  
 Not trusting the man, they pressed a little faster that day, hoping to put some distance between themselves and whoever else the man might decide to tell about their presence.  They need not have bothered, as the afternoon was fading into evening they met a large, well-armed party upon the road heading east.  Darrin was not surprised to learn that they had met at least one party of the infamous bandits.  Somehow, their shady friend from the inn had circled around and joined the party now facing them.  "Hello again," smiled the shady man, "you probably doubted you would see me again so soon."  
"Actually," smiled Darrin, "you do a terrible job of looking surreptitious.  I thought we might meet again."  The other men laughed, but all fingered their weapons.  The Brethren carefully kept their hands in plain sight and far from their swords.  
The man did not look happy but continued, "as my dear old friends, would you mind handing over all of your valuables?  We would not like things to get ugly now would we?"  
Darrin shook his head, "we have little, if anything of worth.  We are simple travelers and we are traveling light.  The clothes on our backs and a few odd coins are all we possess between us."  
"I see," growled the seedy man, "then perhaps you could be of use to us in a different way.  We are always looking for men who know how to use a sword.  Of course, you would not get a share in any plunder until you have been with us for six months; then we may decide to start being generous if you have earned your keep.  You could refuse, but then we would just have to search your bodies for spare change.  But the decision is yours?"
Darrin looked reluctantly to the two boys.  Tristan kept a blank expression on his face and Kile looked shocked.  He had had no luck in finding out more about these bandits any other way, perhaps from within was the only way to learn more.  The other choice would obviously not avail the Lady.  "Very well," said Darrin, "you have talked us into it."  
The shady man smiled, "good.  You will ride in the middle of the group.  Any attempts at escape or mutiny will be dealt with lethally.  Any questions?"  They shook their heads and joined the group of twenty odd men.  
There was no talking, singing, or any other noise save the crunch of hooves on the rocky soil.  As darkness came, they drew off the main road and found a secluded spot far back in the wooded hills in which to hide their encampment.  A watch was posted and in a very orderly and efficient fashion the rest of the men went about setting up camp and preparing the evening meal.  The shady man came over to the new recruits and introduced himself as Daub.  He did a thorough search of the three men and their saddlebags but found nothing more than what Darrin had said would be there.  After his search he said, "you will be allowed to keep your weapons and horses as long as you prove useful.  Once you quit being useful you really will not need such things anymore.  As time goes by you will quickly become acquainted with how things operate around here.  You will be expected to pitch in with camp chores and standing watch.  As it is your first night, we will go easy on you, but tomorrow be prepared to start earning your keep."  The man walked away and the three exchanged nervous glances.  What had they gotten themselves into?
 They sat off by themselves some distance from the fire.  A grim man brought them plates of an unnamed stew and left them alone.  Tristan asked, "how does belonging to a group of thieves not violate our Oath?"  
Darrin glanced around but no one was within earshot and the boy spoke very softly.  He said, "it is our actions and thoughts that count.  If we must choose between killing an innocent person or stealing something, and death at the hands of our captors we would be better off choosing the latter.  We will play along with these men as long as we can and hope to figure out how to unravel their little group from within, but if the choice comes between violating your Oath and death, you know what to do."  The boys nodded grimly.  
They tried to find what sleep they could in the midst of an enemy encampment.  They were roused by a booted toe in their ribs; breakfast was cold stew.  They were soon in their saddles and their road turned north.  They rode in that direction for several days and Darrin wondered if they were heading towards the mysterious headquarters of the outfit.  On the fourth day, they finally reached a rocky cliff riddled with caves and crowned with the ruins of an ancient castle.  It was easily defensible and could house unknown numbers of men and vast amounts of treasure.  They had chosen their stronghold well.  Their horses clattered into the ruined courtyard and the newly mended gates swung shut behind them.  The others in the party disappeared in various directions, but the three Brethren and Daub turned their mounts over to fellow thieves and went in search of the leader of the not-so-merry brotherhood.  In a cave-like room at the back of the fortress they found the man in charge.  Tristan could hardly believe his eyes, but managed to maintain a neutral expression.  The man looked a slightly older and more worn version of Merk!  
"New recruits?" laughed the man, "We always have room for one more sword.  Behave yourselves and you will survive.  You know the drill Daub, why bother me with such details?"  
"I just wanted you to know their faces my Lord," said Daub.  
The man sighed, "well I have seen them, now leave me in peace."  They bowed themselves out of the man's presence and retreated to the courtyard.  Tristan wondered if he had just met Merk's older brother, if so he did not look forward to their coming internment among the thieves if the man was anything like his younger sibling.
 In the courtyard, Daub had them run through various sword drills and seemed impressed with their proficiency with a blade.  He said, "if you are half as good as I think you are, you will do very well.  You will remain here for several days and get introduced to the way we do things, then we may let you loose on a raid or something.  Think you can handle that?"  They nodded.  "Good," said Daub, "we should go find some food."  They followed the man to the area that served as a makeshift kitchen.  A haunch of venison was roasting over an open fire and a kettle of yet another indifferent soup bubbled nearby.  After the meal (during which there had been no conversation), Daub gave them a brief tour of the dilapidated ruin.  There was not much to see, but they discovered where all the necessary amenities were.  "You should probably get some sleep," said Daub, "we cannot baby you forever.  Tomorrow you will actually start being useful."  He stalked off into the fading day and the three went in search of the sleeping area.  For now they found themselves completely alone for the first time in days.  
"What are we going to do?" asked Tristan of Darrin.  "
I do not know," said he, "but we shall think of something."  With that uneasy thought, they tried to sleep in the dank innards of the fortress.  Yet another toe jabbing into their ribs welcomed them to their first morning in the ruin.  
"Wake up," smiled Daub grimly, "you have work to do."
The sun had not yet risen, but the new recruits were soon put to work.  Tristan was sent off with a hunting party to find some fresh meat.  Darrin was sent out with several men on patrol.  Kile was left to do odd jobs around the keep: minding the fire, washing dishes, and mucking out the stable were not his idea of adventure, but even in a den of thieves, someone must do it.  The others would get their chance in the coming days.  It seemed everyone rotated through the various chores and duties, and also between being in the field or guarding the fortress.  Over the next couple weeks, the three became well-acquainted with the area around the ruin and also the way things worked within the organization and the castle itself.  After their 'masters' were convinced that they were competent in what they did and that they were not apt to try running away or revolting, they were finally sent out with a raiding party.  
Tristan began to understand why the bandits had obtained an almost mythical perception among the common people.  There were three or four raiding parties out at any given time consisting of around twenty five men each.  They could strike anywhere along the border, at any time.  Most of the people they had spoken with thought it was only one group, not several operating in the area.  The bandits sent out an impressive number of scouts who looked for not only enemies, but also possible targets.  Such was the man they met at that fateful inn.  The scouts would make a circuit and then return to the main body of thieves.  If enemies were found, they were either neutralized or avoided.  The bandits would decide which scout had the most promising (and least threatening) target and then the whole group would descend upon said target like a storm.  They would then leave as quickly as they had come and either return to headquarters or seek out another target, depending upon how much plunder they managed to carry away.  Such was the reputation of the thieves, that few if any would dare resist them so there was very little in the way of violence, though they were more than happy to kill someone if they must.
 The three Brethren rode with twenty two other men.  Five men were sent out each day on scouting missions and returned before sunset to make their reports.  After several days of no significant news, a man finally returned with word of a gypsy caravan moving slowly east an hour's ride from their current location.  The gypsies were an independent people that frequented the Northern Wilds and the adjacent borderlands with civilization.  They traveled from place to place and survived by trading, doing odd jobs, and hunting.  They were a peaceful folk and wished only to be left alone to go about their lives in their own fashion.  Tristan did not look forward to interrupting their solitude on the morrow.  As soon as it was light enough to ride, the men were in their saddles and moving towards the gypsy camp.  Each man's face was covered with a strip of cloth, a mask, a helmet with the visor down, or an ill-fitting sack with holes for the eyes and mouth.  Tristan thought they looked a very frightening bunch indeed.  
As they surrounded the still slumbering camp, a few dogs barked in alarm but otherwise there was no resistance.  Half the men remained in their saddles covering the bunched gypsies with their bows while the other half ransacked the wagons looking for anything of value.  A few of the men were searching the frightened gypsies.  One girl picked up a large stick and stood defiantly in front of an old woman, protecting her from the approaching bandit.  The man laughed as he drew his sword and with one stroke cut the branch in two and then prepared to strike the girl.  Tristan's blade stopped the fatal blow.  The girl and old woman stared at him in terror and confusion.  
The bandit glared at the boy and said, "out of my way or I shall kill you and then punish this girl's temerity."  
Tristan stood his ground and said, "you will do no such thing.  She was merely protecting the old woman, such an act is not worthy of death."  
The man laughed grimly, "you have guts boy but I begin to doubt your intelligence.  If word gets out that this one resisted and was allowed to live, others will dare to do the same!  It would be chaos.  Out of the way!”  
Tristan did not move, “if word that we killed an innocent girl gets out it may rouse enough fury amongst the nations that they will finally decide we are worth hunting down and destroying.”  
“Leave the boy alone!” growled the leader of the raid, “He is right, we do not need that sort of attention.  Both of you mount up; we are finished here.”  The would-be killer glared at Tristan but did as he was ordered.  The leader rode over and spoke to Tristan in a chill, quiet voice, “do not defy us again or I shall let the man kill you next time as you deserve.  Understand?”  The boy nodded but did not seem afraid.  The leader was satisfied but would watch the boy and his companions very closely from now on.  The bandits rode away leaving the gypsies to pick up the pieces of their lives and put them back together as best they could.  Long after, the gypsy girl still marveled at the unlikely hero she had briefly met among the thieves.
The caravan had proved less fruitful than the raiders had hoped so they continued their search for a more promising target.  A week passed before they found a decent sized village that had yet to be plundered.  There had been no more incidents with the boy or his friends in the course of the week, and it was time he sent one of them out scouting else the others would start thinking he was playing favorites.  Besides, he had the other two as collateral should the man sent out fail to return.  It was early on the morning of the planned raid, the leader of the group roused Tristan roughly from his blankets.  The man said, “get up, you are going to scout around the village today and watch for unwanted company.”  Tristan got up and was soon in his saddle.  The other four scouts were already assembled and they rode off to form a wide perimeter around the village and keep a watch for anyone trying to sneak up on the bandits during the raid.  
Tristan took his position and kept a careful watch for anything strange or suspicious.  The raiders must be in the village by now.  He wondered idly how long it would take and how they were going to get themselves out of this mess.  His mare alerted him to the presence of horses in the immediate area; he could not see or hear anything, but the mare could smell the creatures.  He was just about to ride off to warn his fellows when an arrow caught him in the shoulder and knocked him from the saddle.  The mare screamed in fury and stood over her prone master, ready to fight anything or anyone that dared come near.  Several men approached cautiously out of the brush but none dared approach the enraged unicorn.  All three flung themselves into their saddles and rode quickly towards the village.

Darrin and Kile rode in the middle of the group of thieves as they approached the outskirts of the village.  The Brethren and almost half of the men rode around the perimeter and finding no signs of resistance or ambush, prepared to cover the villagers with their bows.  The rest of the party had just ridden into the center of the village and were preparing to rudely waken the locals from their sleep and make their demands when, from every house and shop sprang armed men, dozens of armed men.  The men around the rim of the village prepared to flee or fight when another fifty armed men rode in from all sides and neatly captured the entire band.  Darrin wondered anxiously what had come of the scouts, especially Tristan.  A voice thundered, “drop your weapons, dismount, and place your arms behind your heads.  Any resistance will be met with lethal force.”  The men quickly complied.  
Darrin glanced around for the man in charge and much to his delight and dismay, recognized him as one of the Brethren.  They would soon be free of this little disaster, but it would be awkward explaining why they were riding with such nefarious companions.  Each man’s hands were bound behind his back and each was searched thoroughly for weapons.  The thieves were herded onto the village green and made to kneel in a row facing the leader of the little army.  Almost a hundred armed men stood around the edges of the green; beyond them, the curious villagers looked on in rabid delight.  The Brother said, “you have been captured by the combined forces of Ithalia and Perth.  You are charged with banditry, treason, and murder, all of which demand death as punishment.  Your lives may be spared if you cooperate and agree to provide us with information regarding any of your colleagues still at large.”  No one spoke.  The man continued, “you all wish to die?”  
One of the bandits said, “our lives are forfeit if we speak so why bother helping you if either way we end up dead?”  
The Brother did not look pleased, “I see…”
The man trailed off as three men came galloping into the center of the gathering.  They nearly fell out of their saddles in their hurry to speak with the leader.  He said, “you are supposed to be neutralizing the scouts and keeping watch for reinforcements.”  
The leader of the trio stuttered, “we were, but there has been a slight complication.”  
“What kind of complication?” asked the Brother.
The soldier swallowed hard and said, “we took out the scout as we were ordered, but we could not make sure he was dead or capture him.”  
“Why not?” asked the leader.  
The man swallowed nervously, “there is an enraged unicorn guarding the body.”  
“What?” gasped the Brother, “That cannot be possible.  Are you sure?”  The man looked scandalized at the suggestion that he might mistake anything else for an enraged unicorn.
“What happened?” continued the Brother.  
The soldier said, “the man was sitting there on his horse keeping watch.  I think something alerted him to our presence and he made to ride off and raise the alarm.  One of my men hit him in the shoulder with an arrow and knocked him out of the saddle.  I do not think it was a fatal shot but he is either dead or unconscious.  One minute he was sitting on a normal looking horse and the next a furious unicorn is standing over the fallen man.  We had no wish to try our luck against such a beast.”  
“You were wise not to risk it,” said the Brother grimly, “though I am afraid you felled one of my colleagues.  Fetch the medicine pouch and one of you take me back to the scene.  The rest of you help out as you can here.”  The man turned to face the captured men and said, “you have until I return to decide your fates.  Choose wisely.”
He flung himself into his saddle and was soon out of sight.  Darrin made as if to rise or say something, but soon found himself looking at a sword point not far from his nose.  The grim soldier on the other end meant business.  He returned to his place with a sigh and hoped Tristan would be all right.  That his mare yet defended him meant he was at least alive; a unicorn would not usually defend a corpse.  
Gathir rode as quickly as his guide’s horse allowed.  What on earth was one of the Brethren doing riding with such an outfit?  Shortly they arrived at the scene and it was exactly as the man had described.  The mare’s fury had abated somewhat, though she kept a careful watch over her prone master.  She whickered anxiously as Gathir and his mount approached.  She laid her ears back and bared her teeth at the soldier, who wisely chose to remain a safe distance away.  Aria allowed Gathir to approach Tristan.  
The man turned the boy over and was relieved to see that he yet drew breath.  He pulled the hood away from the boy’s face and recognized him as an apprentice of the Messengers; they had once ridden a patrol together.  What was an apprentice doing out here alone and in such company?  Putting his curiosity aside, he examined the wound.  The arrow was imbedded firmly in the boy’s shoulder, but with a little attention and rest he would make a full recovery.  Using his knife, he was able to dislodge the arrow.  He cleansed the wound as best he could in the field and then bandaged it with clean cloths.  More would have to wait until they were safely back in the village.  
As Gathir pulled the arrow free the boy stirred with the pain.  “Darrin?” asked the groggy Tristan.  
“No,” said the man, “but I am a friend.  Where is Darrin?”  That at least explained what an apprentice was doing out here, though why a Messenger was apprenticing with a Warrior, Gathir could not fathom.  
The boy spoke again, “in the village with the bandits.”  
“What are you doing out here and with such odd companions?” asked Gathir.  
The boy seemed to be coming around and said, “the Lady sent us to find out who the bandits were and what they were up to and if possible, to stop them.  They captured us and gave us the choice of joining up or dying on the spot.  We hoped to undermine them from within but so far have come up with no good ideas.  What are you doing out here and who shot me?”  
“I am called Gathir,” said he, “and was sent to Ithalia by the Lady to keep the two nations from launching into yet another war over this little matter.  I have finally convinced both countries to send out a combined force to deal with these renegades under my command.  It was they that shot you, thinking you were one of the bandits.”  
The boy managed a weak grin, “they were not far wrong though none of us has yet managed to break Oath, but it has been a difficult line to walk.”  The boy sobered and said, “I think one of Lord Calmar’s sons is the leader of the whole thing.”  
Gathir gasped, “the most powerful Lord in Perth?  Are you sure?”  
The boy nodded, “one of his younger sons took a great dislike to me during my student days.  The man I met at the bandits’ headquarters looks exactly like the other boy, just older.  He seems to be in charge of everything and one of the bandits called him ‘my Lord.’”  
Gathir looked grim, “this is a very bad sign if it is true.  Can you stand?  We had best get back to the village.”  Tristan stood with the help of the other man, but he did not think he could ride alone.  He ended up seated in front of Gathir as they rode back.  Aria followed anxiously behind, again looking like a normal horse.  When they reached the village, Tristan was sent off with some of the soldiers to have his wound more thoroughly seen to.  Gathir faced the kneeling bandits and said, “will none of you talk?”  Only silence greeted him.  He continued, “very well.  Unmask these scoundrels and we shall deal with them as we must.”  Darrin was relieved to see the boy ride in with Gathir, apparently wounded but not fatally.
As the soldiers began unmasking the bandits, Darrin wondered what his comrade would think when he discovered who lurked beneath his mask, though with the discovery of Tristan the surprise would not be nearly as great.  When all of the bandits were unmasked, Gathir was very surprised, but not in the way Darrin thought he would be.  He smiled at Darrin as if he had expected to find him.  He looked twice at Kile, apparently not expecting to find yet another apprentice in the group.  The third man that drew Gathir’s attention was what truly astonished him.  One of the unmasked men was the heir of a high-ranking Ithalian Lord.  
Gathir walked over to Darrin and cut his bonds.  He said, “return this man’s sword.  Release the boy also.”  The soldiers looked a bit uneasy about such an order but complied.  Gathir pointed at the young noble and said, “leave him bound but bring him along.”  Two soldiers forced the man to his feet and literally hauled him into the cottage Gathir had chosen to use for questioning.  Tristan was already there.  He looked weak, but healthy.  He smiled as he saw his friends enter.  Darrin hugged the boy and Kile joined in.  
Darrin said, “I think I shall ask the Lady to find you something safer to do, such as copying ancient manuscripts for a few decades.  That would teach you to be more careful and would be much easier on my nerves!”
Gathir cleared his throat and said, “now what have you three learned from the inside?”  Darrin quickly outlined what they had learned about the number of men, how the organization functioned, and any other details that might prove useful.  
Looking thoughtfully at the young noble, Gathir said, “Tristan thinks that the leader of the fortress is somehow related to Lord Calmar of Perth.”  
Darrin nodded, “I wondered that too.  The man is the spitting image of one of Calmar’s younger sons.  Who is this charming fellow?”  
Gathir smiled grimly, “this is Lord Frock’s oldest son and heir.  Frock is one of the greatest Lords in Ithalia.  I begin to wonder what these young men are playing at.”  He looked significantly at said young man.
“My father will not stand for this!” growled the boy.  
Gathir said, “your father is one of the men who sent us in pursuit of you.  What are you hoping to accomplish with this little escapade?  How will war between Ithalia and Perth benefit either you or your other noble friend?”  
The boy was silent for a moment, but realizing that he was a captive facing death and his friend still dwelt safely within the fortress said, “if our countries go to war, there will be ample chance for rich gain for those willing to take advantage of it.  Military victory is a sure way to gain the favor of not only the King but also the common people.  Who knows, perhaps the people would grow tired of the King and wish for a change in leadership and who better than a beloved war hero?”  
Gathir stared at the boy in disbelief, “this whole thing was a scheme to start a war between your countries that might somehow lead to your own advancement within the ranks of the nobility and maybe even to take the throne itself?  How many innocents must suffer and die so that you may achieve some miniscule benefit to yourself?  Unbelievable!”  He turned to the other three Brethren, “how are we going to capture the rest of these bandits?  Would we be able to sneak into the fortress disguised as this raiding party?”  
Darrin shook his head, “no one is allowed to approach the fortress with their face hidden. They shoot first and ask questions later.  They would not allow so many strangers to approach openly.  I think our best course of action is to gather as many armed men as you can muster and lay siege to the castle.  They will starve eventually and we can capture any returning raiding parties that accidentally stumble upon us.” 
Gathir nodded, “I suppose that is the best we can do.  What should we do with your former colleagues?”  
Darrin shook his head sadly, “most joined this outfit willingly and those who were forced into it have happily joined in the bandit lifestyle with no signs of resistance.  Of course resistance can get you killed in this organization, but it is better than succumbing to thievery and murder.  We have not yet faced that choice, but most of our comrades have.  You have given them ample time to speak if they wished to.  It is time to dispense justice.”  
Gathir nodded sadly; he did not look forward to what had to be done.  The rest of the men were duly executed for their crimes.  The young noble alone was kept alive, but only until he could be handed over to the King.  Riders were sent to the rulers of both Perth and Ithalia asking for more armed men and updating them on discoveries pertaining to the bandits.  Gathir did not include information regarding the plots of the young nobles: that must be handled carefully and in person.  The rest of the small army rode towards the fortress to begin the siege.  Darrin affirmed that all of the men from his raiding party were accounted for so no scout had escaped to warn their leaders of the oncoming assault.


Chapter 8

With the help of the information gathered by Darrin and the others, they were able to capture or kill a dozen of the bandits abroad on patrol or hunting as they drew closer to the ruined fortress.  Gathir arrayed his men so as to watch all entrance and exit points that might be used by bandits returning to or trying to escape from the castle.  They hoped to trap the bandits inside the castle and force them to surrender, and hoped to capture the parties yet abroad as they returned.  Gathir and Darrin rode as close as they dared to the main gates (safely out of bow shot) and demanded the surrender of the bandits.  A man went running for the bandit king.  Merk’s older twin stood upon the crumbling battlements and said, “what right have you to demand my surrender?”  
He then recognized Darrin and sneered, “so you have sold us out to these do-gooders to save your own skin?”  
Darrin laughed, “I have done nothing wrong and never wished to join your little band of thieves.  My allegiance has ever been to the Master and Astoria, never to you or yours.  Surrender and we may spare your lives.  We have your noble friend and are fully aware of your conspiracy against both Perth and Ithalia.  If you do not surrender, we will wait until starvation or desperation drives you from your caves.  We will also capture or kill your men who return unaware that the castle is under siege.  Surrender now or death is inevitable.”  
The man knew the hopelessness of his situation.  They had not the stores to last very long in a siege and such was the loyalty of his men that he feared a mutiny ere the first day was over.  “Very well,” said he, “I would rather face a swift execution than sit here until starvation or rebellion decide matters.”  
Darrin said, “good.  Have your men throw down their weapons and walk slowly out of the castle with their hands on their heads.  We will be merciful towards those who surrender, those who resist will face swift and sure destruction.”  The man nodded glumly and went to speak with his men.  Most agreed with their leader that they must surrender, at least that option offered some chance of survival.  The five or so who wished to resist were soon killed or cowed by their own fellows.  Without drawing a sword, the fortress fell into the hands of the enemy.  The invaders waited many days for the return of the raiding parties and captured or destroyed them as they straggled in.  The threat of the bandits was ended, but what would happen when the plot against Perth and Ithalia became widely known, no one knew.
Gathir sent riders ahead to the Kings of both countries to inform them that the threat had passed and also to request a meeting on neutral ground between the highest-ranking officials in both Kingdoms.  Gathir and his noble prisoners would wait in a village near the shared border of Ithalia and Perth, but safely within the neutrality of the Untamed Wilds.  The powers-that-be were not happy to leave their comfortable abodes for such trifles, but they had little choice.  With great pomp and ceremony they rode into the little village chosen as the meeting place; their servants quickly set up the gaily colored tents and pavilions that would house their great masters and the strange proceedings upon the village green.  When all had assembled, the two traitors were brought forth. The Lords Frock and Calmar were aghast at the presence of their sons among such rabble and even more distraught over their plans to incite war between the two countries for such small gain.  
“There is no mistake?” asked Calmar hopefully.  Gathir and Darrin both shook their heads and looked grim.  The men looked to their sons in distress and both said it was true.  The Kings of Perth and Ithalia were also aghast at such revelations; court intrigue was one thing, that the heirs of their greatest Lords were plotting against them quite another.  
The King of Perth said, “such treason certainly demands death.”  
The King of Ithalia said, “I agree.”  The two Lords knew what justice demanded but could not stomach the idea of watching their sons die, no matter how much it was warranted.  
Gathir said, “your Majesties and my Lords, may I propose another option?  Part of the terms for surrendering the castle to us was that we might find some more merciful conclusion to this matter.  These men have surrendered the castle to us willingly, which I hope shows some change of heart on their parts.  I ask that you consider turning the survivors of this failed enterprise over to the Brethren.”  
“The Brethren?” asked the King of Perth, “What have they to do with this?”  
“We have everything to do with seeing that justice is done your Majesty,” said Gathir, “On occasion it has been our custom to offer troublemakers a second chance at making something of their lives.  Rather than spend their lives in useless labor in a stone quarry or lose it to the headsman, we give them a chance to give their lives in service to others should they choose to do so.  If they do not wish for such a chance or break the conditions of their release, we return them to their original sentence.”  
“Can you offer some proof that this strange theory of yours works?” asked the King of Ithalia, intrigued but skeptical, “Can a thief ever be anything but a thief?”  
Tristan had been silently observing until that moment, but felt he must say something.  The boy said, “I am the proof.”  
“What?” gasped Calmar, recognizing the boy, “I thought you were one of the Brethren.”  
“I am,” said the boy, “but once I was a thief.  I stand here alive because I was given such a chance.  If the heart is willing to change then there is still a hope for finding a greater purpose for one’s life.  I am such proof.”
There was much discussion among the assembled nobles and Kings about such strange though interesting ideas.  Finally, the King of Perth addressed the two prisoners, “you have heard the peculiar offer made by the Brethren, now hear my words.  If you choose to remain here the penalty for your crimes must be death.  If you choose to go off with the Brethren, you must renounce all and any claims to your titles, rank, property, and power, for if ever you come back to either Perth or Ithalia, you will not be recognized as anything more important or influential than the meanest peasant.  You are also banished from both countries for at least five years.  After that, you may apply to the rulers of both or either country to be allowed visitation rights, though they do not guarantee to grant them.  These are the conditions and you may choose your fate.”  
The King of Ithalia asked, “what of the other bandits captured alive or who surrendered?  Surely you cannot take all of them back to Astoria with you?”  
Gathir nodded, “you are correct.  We cannot physically accommodate so many.  If a few wish to come, they may but we cannot take all of them.  For them, I ask that perhaps you allow them to make reparations to the communities they have traumatized by serving a year or more as field laborers or in other such tasks.  Place one or two in each village and I do not think revolt or mutiny will be an issue.  It would be a more productive punishment than execution or the quarries, and perhaps they will find a way to make an honest living.  Their fate is entirely up to your Majesties; this is simply a suggestion.  Darrin and I will speak personally with those who wish to go to Astoria and we will choose who shall accompany us.  It would be a waste of time and energy for someone to go who does not wish to change the course of his life.”  
There was more discussion amongst the nobles and finally the King of Perth said, “you have offered a sensible solution to all of our current problems.  It shall be as you have said.”  The King faced the two accused men, “and what is your decision?  Do you choose to remain here and die or leave in ignominy?”  Both men looked hopeless but said they would rather go with the Brethren than face execution.  
Gathir faced both of them and asked, “are you seeking a new life and change of heart or do you simply wish to escape the axe?”  Both men said they wished to change.  Gathir could hear the truth in their words and said, “they speak truly, from the heart.  They shall accompany us.”  
Over the course of the day, Gathir and Darrin spoke with the other prisoners and found three interested in going to Astoria.  The rest were assigned to various villages that they had plundered in the last few months.  The army was set to work escorting the men to their assigned locations.  With the threat of the bandits gone and their immediate futures decided, it was time to go home.  The four Brethren made their farewells to the Kings and the Lords Calmar and Frock.  The Lords said goodbye to their sons and promised to visit and hoped for a brighter future.  
Calmar took Tristan aside and said, “one of my sons is dead.  I could not bear to see another meet the same fate.  Thank you for your help in securing him a future.  Your parents should be proud of you; if only my own children had turned out so well.”  
Tristan said, “my parents are dead sir.  But I hope they would approve of the course my life has taken.”  
The man clapped him on the back and said, “I think they would be very happy to see how you have turned out.  Take care of my boy.”  
Tristan laughed at the thought of ‘taking care’ of someone nearly ten years his senior.  “Thank you sir,” said the boy, as he returned to his friends.  
Their farewells made, the whole party rode east for Astoria.  The return journey took much longer than their initial trip into the West as half the party rode actual horses and they did not face a looming war at the end of this particular ride.  There was much time along the trail for the two apprentices to learn and practice.  Even the prisoners seemed interested in joining in on the lessons or listening to various stories and histories.  The prisoners were not allowed to carry weapons, and though a close watch was kept, there was never an attempt at revolt or escape.  It was a blissfully uneventful journey for all.   
One night as they sat by the fire, Calmar’s son (Grant) sat beside Tristan and said, “you knew my brother Merk?”  
Tristan nodded, “it seemed I was ever his favorite target for ridicule.  He nearly cost me my life on two occasions and some of his actions eventually led to the death of a dear friend.  I do not hold any enmity towards him, but grieve that he could never see that something mattered beyond his own selfish ends.”  
Grant laughed wryly, “you are so young yet speak like a wizened sage.  You have described him perfectly and he has cost you much yet you harbor no anger towards him, how can this be?”  
The boy smiled weakly, “I have been forgiven much so it is my duty to forgive others.  The Master also lends us His strength to do what otherwise would be beyond our own meager abilities and desires.  It is not out of my own greatness of heart that such things have sprung, but out of service to Him who has forgiven me my own shortcomings.”  The man goggled at the strange boy before him who spoke with the wisdom of the ages.  
Grant stood and sat beside Frock’s son (Phelps).  Phelps asked, “what was all that about?”  
Grant laughed, “just curious about the boy who had suffered so much under my brother’s tyranny.”  
Phelps said, “from what I hear, the boy is the reason your brother is dead?”  
Grant said grimly, “not at all.  It was his own stubbornness and arrogance that resulted in his demise.  The boy just happened to be in the right place at the wrong time.”  
Phelps continued, “is that what they want to do to us?  Turn us into some sort of pacifistic sage with no original thoughts?”  
Grant smiled, “the boy can handle a sword, he is no pacifist.”  
Darrin wandered over, “what are you gentlemen discussing?  Can I answer any questions about our destination and what shall come to pass when we get there?”  
Phelps looked nervous in the presence of the Warrior.  He could dismiss the boys because of their age, but there was something unnerving about the two men.  Phelps said, “I have heard strange rumors about what happens in Astoria and about the Brethren themselves.  I am not sure I wish to be forced to join such a group.  I will not be a slave to anyone!” 
 Darrin did the last thing Phelps expected: he laughed.  Phelps had expected anger or frustration or outrage, not good-natured laughter.  Darrin said, “why does everyone seem to hold that view of us?  But no one is forced to take the Oath.  That is not the reason you are going.  If you wish to do so eventually and the Lady allows it, you may in time, but it is by no means a requirement.  You are going simply to get you out of Ithalia and Perth so that you may cause no more trouble there and to give you another chance at finding something useful to do with your lives.  You will have the chance to learn many things.  You may do whatever it is you wish to do with your lives.  You must spend a year in Astoria for your crimes, but after that you may stay or go as you wish.  Ask Tristan, he has been through a similar experience.  He chose to take the Oath, but you are not required to do so.  We are not slaves, we are willing servants of the Master and the Lady.  We may leave His service at any time we wish, though that is not something that is done lightly.  True, our lives are no longer our own, but it is of our own choosing.  A slave is one who has no say in the matter at all.”
Phelps looked thoughtful, “thank you for clearing that up.  It is good to know that I have not been conscripted.”  
Darrin said, “you will be expected to attend classes and carry out your assigned chores.  The rules are strict but fair, and you will be expected to work hard, but it is not half so hard as life in the quarries or facing the headsman’s axe.”  
Phelps was not sure what to think about having assigned chores, but the man was right when he said things could be much worse.  He decided it was time to talk to the boy about his own experiences.  Phelps walked over to where the boy sat in close conversation with Kile, Grant followed curiously.  “Mind if I sit down?” asked Phelps.  
Tristan smiled, “be my guest.”  The two men took a seat next to the two boys.  
Phelps began, “your friend said that you had once faced a similar fate to ours.  What happened?”  
Tristan looked embarrassed but said, “my parents died a few years ago, leaving me alone in the world.  I turned to theft just to survive.  Darrin caught me and the local magistrates wanted to toss me into the quarries to die slowly.  Darrin gave me the same option Gathir offered to you: I must accompany him to Astoria and remain there a year and then I could go wherever I wanted.  At the time I had many doubts and questions, but time and experience taught me many things.  Even after my year was done I chose to remain and eventually took the Oath.”  
Phelps asked, “why not just complete your year and get on with your life?”  
The boy smiled, “I thought that was what I would do, but in Astoria I discovered something greater than myself.  It is a strange but wonderful place.  Do not close your heart or your mind whilst you are there.  If you take the Oath, the Master demands everything but it is we who have all the gain.  It seems counterintuitive, but such is the case.  You give Him what you thought was your life and He gives you a true life to live in its stead.  You exchange some small pitiful thing for something far greater and beyond imagining.”  
Phelps laughed, “you are either mad or right.  I shall keep an open mind.”  
He turned to Kile, “and what of you?  Are you a homicidal maniac turned philosopher?”  
Kile laughed, “no.  I went to Astoria of my own accord in search of adventure and I have certainly found it.”  
Phelps smiled, “good.  I was afraid the whole place was staffed by pardoned criminals.  It is good to know that there are folk about who had a little choice in the matter.”  
Kile laughed, “the majority of us came seeking something greater than ourselves.  It is a small minority that is brought there because of their transgressions.”
After many weeks of travel they finally reached the borders of that little land.  They rode steadily towards the city.  The gate guards let them pass unchallenged though they tossed a salute at Darrin and Gathir as they rode past.  The Lady was there to meet them in the courtyard.  The Brethren bowed in their saddles before dismounting.  The others dismounted and felt a great sense of awe in the presence of the venerable woman.  They offered their own courtesies though they did not know who she was, only that she was due the greatest respect.  
“Welcome home,” said she, “things went well in the North?”  
Darrin smiled, “yes Lady, things went very well.  The chaos upon the borders has been neutralized and there is again a delicate peace between Ithalia and Perth.”  
She nodded happily, “and who might these fine gentlemen be?”  
Darrin looked sheepish for some reason, “these are five of our legendary bandits.  They have come in hopes of a brighter future.”  
She sighed good humoredly, “Darrin, this is becoming a bad habit with you.  We cannot adopt every renegade you come across or soon we will have them coming out our ears.”  
The man laughed, knowing she was happy to take in the various strays that occasionally came her way.  He said, “you must blame Gathir for these.  Tristan is still my only foundling.”  
She smiled, “very well, I shall forgive you.”  The two older Brethren laughed, but the two apprentices were almost scandalized by this familiar banter with the Lady whom they held in so much awe.  Seeing their faces she laughed, “do not worry, my young friends.  After you have spent half a century in my service I may allow you to also be a little less formal in my presence.”  
The boys looked even more scandalized and the older Brethren laughed once more.  It was something they would only come to understand with time.  The Lady smiled upon her guests and said, “I welcome you to Astoria.  You are stuck with me for a full year and after that your life is again your own.  You will be expected to obey our rules and do as you are told, but we are fair and you will be well treated.  You will attend a variety of classes and will perhaps discover some interest or talent that you wish to dedicate your life, or at least current studies, to; if so, simply let your instructors know and we will discuss where to go from there.  If you try to rebel or flee, whatever your original sentence was will be put back in place.  This is a second chance, not a free ride.  There will be no third chance.  If, during the course of your stay here you find yourself wanting to join the Brethren, you must first gain my permission and then you are free to do so.  Once you have taken the Oath, whatever is left of your year is no longer applicable and you will come or go at my direction, but you will then be bound by much higher strictures than any that currently bind you.  Any questions?”  Everybody shook their heads.  “Very well,” said she, “you begin your duties tomorrow.  Sleep well.”  She turned and walked back into the keep.

Servants came for the horses and the Brethren bid farewell to their unicorns.  The five men were crammed into a modest room that would comfortably sleep four but was quite close with five.  The two nobles looked askance at the student uniforms they were to wear during their stay in the peculiar city, but did as they were bidden.  Tristan and Kile had been put in charge of the five temporarily until they became used to how things were done in Astoria.  Darrin and Gathir closeted themselves with the Lady to give her more details of what was passing in Ithalia and Perth.  The two apprentices escorted their small herd of banditti to the evening meal.  During the meal, Tristan and Kile were overjoyed to see Emilia approaching.  She greeted her long absent friends and looked at Tristan hopefully.  She was happy to see that he seemed much recovered from the tragedy that had befallen them on their last adventure.  
“Finally finished with your tour of the East?” asked Tristan.  
She smiled, “our duties are never done.  There is always another village that must hear the Truth, but for now we have returned for a short time.  I do not know where we will go next.  I would love to spend some time among the horsemen of Tithbia, but it is said they will ignore you unless you can sing.  I am afraid music is not one of my talents so I think that will not be my next assignment.  How long are you in Astoria?”  
Kile said, “we have just arrived from settling a little matter in Ithalia and Perth.  I do not know how long we shall stay or where we shall go next.”  
Tristan added, “I am still without a permanent mentor.  Darrin has kindly let me tag along on this last assignment but where I go now, only the Lady knows.”  
Emilia asked Tristan, “how are you faring without Ryder?”  
Tristan smiled at her sadly and said, “I miss him greatly, but life has continued on since his passing and I have found strength enough for each day.  I am doing well.”  
She smiled warmly in response.  “Are you going to introduce me to your friends?” asked she.  
Kile laughed, “I do not know if they are as yet classified as friends, but we have traveled across the width of the world with them.”  They told her the tale and introduced her to the five former bandits.  
She seemed quite impressed by their adventures and said, “perhaps I have joined the wrong sect?  We have very little adventure though there are dangers enough upon the road.  I think I would quickly weary of such a life though it makes for a good tale.  Perhaps I shall just enjoy your stories and attend to my relatively boring life.”  She sat with them and talked long after the meal was over and the cleanup completed.  Eventually she bid them goodnight and retreated to her room.  
Phelps leaned over and said, “you never mentioned anything about there being women here.”  
Tristan laughed, “have you not heard of the Lady of Astoria?  How can the leader of the Brethren be a woman without there also being women among our ranks?  True, there are not that many of them, but they are valiant fighters and wonderful teachers; you will never find a truer heart or kinder soul.”
Phelps smiled, “she seemed like a nice lass and was also quite pretty.  Any possibility I would have a chance with her?”  
Kile laughed, “not unless you join the Brethren and then only after you have completed your apprenticeship.  You must also have the blessings of the Lady in such matters and that says nothing about whether Emilia would even return your feelings.  Not likely, but stranger things have happened.”  Phelps looked a little disappointed, but perhaps he should not be looking for female companionship until his year was up and he had some plan for the rest of his life.  The rest of the men gave him a hard time over his comments about the girl, but it was all in good fun and he took the teasing well.  Tristan and Kile escorted them to their room after the meal and bid them goodnight.  
The boys returned to the room they would share with Darrin.  “What do you think will come of them?” asked Kile when they were alone.  
“I think they will do well,” said Tristan, “whatever they decide to do with their lives.  Their hearts are certainly more malleable than Merk and Broc’s were ever wont to be.”  
Darrin returned late and the boys awoke as he entered the room.  “Any news from the Lady?” asked Kile.  
Darrin looked a little uneasy and said, “there have been a few changes that both of you need to know about.  The Lady has been after me for years to change my service from the Warriors to the Messengers.  I have been reluctant to do so because I did not think I was suited to such things, but she insists that I am.  After recent happenings I have begun to wonder if she was right.  In my heart I knew she was right, but I was too stubborn to admit it.  Tonight she told me that if I did not officially join the Messengers she would still treat me as such, even if my affiliation was still with the Warriors.  As I knew she was right and also that I have no choice in the matter I did as she wished.  She has also asked me to take Tristan on as my apprentice.  Kile, you are free to remain as my apprentice or you may choose to find another mentor.  Though if you remain, there is a good chance you will soon find yourself switching sects as well.”  
Kile said, “I shall remain with you for now.  I am not sure I am cut out to be a Messenger, but we shall see what happens.  Someone needs to keep you two out of trouble.  Have we an assignment?”  
Darrin shook his head, “for now we are to remain here.  She would like you two to take a few classes and I have some teaching to do.  She also needs someone to oversee our bandit friends until they have learned the ropes around here.  You will also help with patrol, the watch, and teaching, as we deem necessary.  Any questions?”  They shook their heads.  
“Good,” said he, “we should all get some sleep.”
  
In the morning, they awoke early and the boys went in search of their charges while Darrin prepared for his classes that day.  They found the former bandits already awake and dressed in their uniforms.  “We look a proper lot of school boys,” laughed Grant, “no offense but it is very strange to be herded about by boys so much younger than ourselves.”  
Tristan laughed, “if you think it is strange being the sheep, try being the shepherd.”  
Phelps laughed, “you do have a point.”  
They wandered down to breakfast and then off to their first class.  The men were fairly competent swordsmen and knew how to ride so most of their initial classes involved the Law, the Truth, history, philosophy, and the like.  Tristan and Kile attended sessions involving more advanced topics in the same areas.  The bandits adapted quickly to life in Astoria and were soon able to go about completely on their own, which freed up the apprentices to attend to their own duties and studies.  Occasionally they were even put in charge of the watch or led a patrol.  At first they were confused and concerned, how could a mere apprentice be given so much responsibility?  The first time this happened to Tristan, he was about to ride out leading his first patrol and one of the older men leaned over and said, “you will not be an apprentice forever.  How else are you going to learn to lead other men and think on your feet if not given the opportunity?  Do not worry, you are not alone; we are here to help you if you encounter something you cannot handle.  But remember, you are in charge except at the last end of need.”  
It made sense, but he was not sure why seasoned warriors would follow the lead of a beardless boy.  The patrol was without incident and after that, Tristan no longer worried about being asked to lead a group of men, even if they were older or wiser or more experienced.  The Lady watched one day as he returned from such an expedition.  Darrin stood waiting at the door.  She turned from the window and said, “your apprentice is doing very well.  The time comes when I must send you abroad, but it is a joy to watch how far he has come.  Any thoughts on what your bandits plan to do with their lives?”  
Darrin shook his head, “the boys are much more familiar with them than I.  Perhaps they know?  Am I to take both boys with me when I go?”  
She smiled, “it is odd to apprentice two boys to one man, but it is not unheard of, though I think Kile will choose to find another mentor soon.  He still has his heart set on becoming a Warrior.”  Darrin smiled wryly, his own transition had not been as traumatic as he feared it would be.  It really did not matter to which sect they belonged; they all had a common Master and a common purpose.
One night at supper, Tristan, Kile, and Emilia were enjoying yet another conversation when Emilia said, “I leave on the morrow.  We are making a circuit of the North Countries.  It has been a joy to see you both again, even if for a short time.”  The boys smiled sadly and wished her an uneventful journey.  As evening faded, she withdrew to prepare for the journey and to get some sleep since they would make an early start.  
Kile turned to Tristan and said, “I think I will be leaving soon as well.”  Tristan looked a bit confused since he assumed they would leave together.  Kile smiled, “I am now apprenticing with Gathir.  We leave soon for his next assignment, which I think will take us on a patrol of the Wilds.”  Tristan felt as if his friend were abandoning him but then realized that his heart was set on becoming a Warrior and that Darrin was now a Messenger.  The two sects shared much in common, but there were enough differences that it was important to have a mentor of your own affiliation.  
Tristan smiled and said, “just watch out for bandits.”  They both laughed.  As if summoned, Phelps and Grant appeared.  
“Did someone ask for bandits?” laughed Grant, “We have a wish to speak with you if we may?”  Tristan moved over so they could sit beside him on the bench.  Kile made his farewells and went in search of Gathir.  Grant continued, “we are interested in joining the Brethren but would know more about it before we commit our lives to such a lofty calling.”  
Tristan smiled encouragingly, “what do you wish to know?”  
Phelps said, “we have been impressed by the people we have met in the course of our stay in Astoria.  You are honorable, wise, and skilled in all manner of things.  We have a wish to join your ranks, but we still fear that we will miss out on life if we do.  What if we want to marry and have a family?  Once we aspired to be Lords or Kings, but now that dream is gone.  We are wanderers without a home.  Will we ever find a home again?”  
Tristan asked, “you fear that by joining us you will ever wander and never be at rest?  That you will miss having the things others take for granted?  If you know you want to raise a family, then taking the Oath would not be to your liking or in the best interests of the Brethren.  But if you are afraid that by joining the Brethren you forsake all normal human relationships and are forever an outcast to your family and friends, then do not worry.  You do not lose your family and friends by joining the Brethren, in fact you gain a family and many friends.  We are bound together by something greater than ourselves and each man (or woman) among us is as close as a brother.  That is why we are called the Brethren.  I was alone when I came here, but since I have never been lonely.  
Your acquaintances from your previous life are also still very much a part of your life, though your duties may call you away more often than you would wish.  You are not required or encouraged to break off ties with your friends and family though you may well outlive them.  You do not miss out on life by taking the Oath, rather you live it more fully.  You have a family and a home, no matter where you wander.  If you seek a wife and children, then do not take the Oath.  But if all that holds you back is a fear of losing those dearest to you in your previous relationships then you have nothing to fear.”  
Grant looked thoughtful and asked, “why do the Brethren not have children, even if they are allowed to marry within their own ranks?”  
Tristan said, “children are a great commitment and our lives are dedicated to the service of others.  It is no small accomplishment to raise a family, but we have forsaken that blessing for a different calling.”  
“Thank you,” said both men as they wandered away to think on what they had learned.
The next day, Tristan was leading a patrol along the western border of Astoria when they came across a party of a dozen armed men.  Tristan recognized the Lords Frock and Calmar immediately.  As the patrol approached, the armed party stopped their mounts and waited patiently.  Tristan bowed in his saddle to the two Lords.  He said, “I welcome you to Astoria.  What business brings you hither?”  
Calmar said, “we come seeking after our sons.  What word have you of them?”  
Tristan smiled, “they are doing very well and will be glad to see you my Lords.  I would escort you myself but must continue with my assigned circuit.  Please allow two of my men to go with you.”  
Calmar smiled, “I thank you for your courtesy.  Perhaps we shall meet again ere we leave.”  
Tristan bowed again and assigned two of his men to escort the party to the city.  Tristan led the remainder of his men off to complete their patrol.  He returned to Astoria that evening and found the two exiles deep in conversation with their fathers during supper.  When they saw him enter the dining hall they waved him over.  He walked over to their small table and took the offered stool.  
Calmar smiled, “it seems you speak truly.  Our sons are happy here which brings great comfort to our hearts.  We miss them greatly, but it is a relief to know that they have finally found their place in the world.  They have also informed us that they have applied to the Lady and she has given her blessing should they decide to take their Oath.”  
Grant said, “we have not yet fully decided, but I think there is a very strong possibility that we will join the Brethren.”  
Frock said, “I do not know much about this whole Oath thing, but if they feel it is what they should do with their lives then I have no doubts about it.  After seeing you and your comrades in action I can at least say it is a worthy calling.  You and your Lady have my thanks.”  They spent much of the evening in conversation before all sought their beds.


Chapter 9

Kile had left a few days prior with Gathir for the Untamed Wilds so Tristan and Darrin had the room to themselves.  It was late in the night when the older man finally came to bed.  The sleepy Tristan asked if anything was wrong.  Darrin shook his head and said, “nothing is wrong.  I have just been deep in council with the Lady and some of her advisors.  We have our next assignment.  We are to choose the next King of Cantara.”  
“What?” said the boy, now fully awake but thinking he must be dreaming.  
Darrin smiled tiredly, “as you know, Cantara is one of the North Countries and is ruled equally by a King and a Queen, each having their own specific duties.  Sometimes it is a brother and sister, but most often it is a married couple.  The current King is ailing and he has only daughters.  The eldest is set to inherit the throne, but cannot rule effectively without a King at her side.  Since she has no brothers, it is vital that she marry a qualified gentleman before the current King expires.  After recent events in Vespera, Cantara is eager to have this matter settled without interference from the Order or any other biased force.  They have asked the Lady to provide someone to not only protect the heir apparent, but also to make sure the man she chooses is worthy to rule beside her.”
Darrin smiled at the boy’s befuddlement, “welcome to the Messengers.  You wanted something that never became dull and you have been granted your desire.”
They found what sleep they could in what little was left of the night, but Tristan’s mind was restless as he thought over their strange assignment and he found little time for sleep.  Yawning, they were both up early and preparing for their journey.  Tristan nodded in the saddle as they rode out of Astoria, but soon their pace quickened to the point where he must stay awake or fall off his mare.  He tried to will himself to wakefulness but it was a long day.  Both men were short on sleep so they stopped earlier than was their wont, but starting a journey tired was no way to begin.  After the first day, they traveled quickly and without incident.  
They arrived in Cantara some weeks later, ready for whatever strange tasks befell them in that peculiar country.  Most countries were ruled by an all-powerful monarch, but Cantara had adopted its odd system many centuries ago and it seemed to work well enough that no one thought to change it, therefore they must work within the system as it had ever existed.  Cantara’s capital was called Berenitha and was one of the greatest cities in the world.  Though far in the North of the civilized world, it was still a vital center of trade and culture.  Its architecture was fabled throughout the known world and had no rival in ingenuity or beauty.  They approached the towering walls of the castle and applied at the gate.  
They were expected and an old, but stately man soon arrived to collect them.  “Welcome to Cantara,” droned the man in a somber voice, “the King shall see you as soon as you have had time to refresh yourselves.”  Tristan smiled at the polite way in which they were told that the King would not see them until they were no longer encumbered by horse sweat and trail dust.  
After they had made their ablutions and changed into their dress uniforms, the stately man (Renard) escorted them to the King.  They made their bows and the King said, “welcome to Cantara, you have long been expected.  My health is failing and I fear for the future of my country.  My eldest daughter must find a suitable husband soon.  Your job is to keep her from harm should anyone think to use this situation to their own advantage; you are also to keep her away from any rogues or scoundrels wishing to apply for her hand, and more importantly the Kingship.  She is free to travel in search of a potential mate or to invite them here.  It is your job to screen the applicants and weed out any nefarious individuals.  I care not whether the man is of noble birth or not.  As long as he is a decent and honest fellow with a good head on his shoulders I will have no objections; I only hope she can find someone to make her happy.  Any questions?”  
They shook their heads and he continued, “very well.  I shall introduce you to Naritha.”  He motioned for a servant to usher in the young lady of whom they had heard so much.  She was rumored to be a young woman of immense beauty, great charity, and a sharp mind.  They were not disappointed.  In walked a regal young woman with all the promise one could hope for in a future Queen.  She made a regal nod to the waiting men and a more formal bow to her father.  The King said, “Naritha, may I introduce you to the men who will serve as your advisors and protectors during this important time?”  Introductions were made all around and they were dismissed until the morrow when their more formal duties would begin.
When they were alone in their own quarters, Tristan said, “how are we to keep every eligible man in the known world from trying to capture the affections of such a lady through honorable or not so honorable means?”  
Darrin laughed, “that is an excellent question.  Tomorrow we shall have an interview with the Lady to discuss her needs and wishes and also to outline our own duties and plans.  What happens next is up to her, but we are to make sure whatever she plans is free of danger and that no devious men get near her.  How is your dancing?”  
Tristan looked at the man askance at such a question but said, “I have no formal training and have only tried it a time or two in less than formal settings.  Why?”  
Darrin smiled, “these royal young ladies love nothing more than attending balls to help them fall in love.  As her advisors and protectors we would be expected to attend which may mean you might be required to show off your dancing skills.”  The boy looked nervous.  Darrin smiled, “you have good footwork when you use a sword.  This is no different except you hold a lady’s hand instead of a weapon.”  
Tristan groaned, “I think the lady far more dangerous than any sword.”  
Darrin laughed, “you may well be right.”  
They spent the greater part of the evening discussing what to do in various circumstances should they arise.  It was very difficult to have set plans when you did not know what the morrow might bring but they tried to plan for obvious differentials.  
They were awakened by a servant early the next morning and asked to breakfast with Naritha.  They dressed quickly and were escorted to her private breakfast room.  She returned their courtesies with a regal grace and asked that they be seated.  She said, “I appreciate the pains you have taken to oversee these proceedings and I hope your time here will not be too eventful.  The final say in these matters is mine, but I will listen to your advice and try to avoid any unsavory characters.  I have a small bodyguard and they shall be at your command for the duration of our time together.  If you require anything else please ask me or my father.”  
“Thank you my lady,” said Darrin, “I hope our advice is helpful during these delicate times and that we do not become too great a nuisance during these events.  What are your plans as of yet for the coming days?”  
The lady smiled, “I shall host a number of events including a joust and a ball to allow my potential suitors to impress me.  I also wish to travel to a few of the neighboring countries and see if any of their young lordlings have any promise.  I do not necessarily require a noble suitor but it never hurts to build a political alliance while pursuing other ends.”
Tristan goggled at the ease with which she discussed such lofty topics with such dire consequences should things go ill.  He had seen farmers discussing the weather with more concern.  The ball was scheduled for two nights hence and the Brethren had much work to do in the interim.  During their free moments, Darrin tried to help Tristan with his dancing.  The boy felt it a hopeless cause, but Darrin kept encouraging him and told him he would get it eventually.  They were busy planning security for the evening, assigning tasks to the guards under their command, and interviewing potential suitors.  Of the men they spoke with, no one aroused any suspicion save one man who gave both of the Brethren the chills, but neither could definitely say why.  He claimed to be some minor Count from Ithalia.  
They mentioned him to the lady and she grimaced in distaste, “I have encountered him and believe me when I say I have no interest in such a vile man.”  There were also several representatives from the Order present in Cantara and out of courtesy would be allowed to attend the ball, but they were barred from actually courting the princess unless they denounced all ties and claims to the Order.  None were willing to do so, so it was not an issue.  The men of the Order eyed the Brethren suspiciously, but nothing was said.  One day Tristan observed the Count from Ithalia speaking quietly with the Order’s emissary to the King and glancing significantly in his direction.  Darrin was not pleased with their plotting, but there was little he could do about it without further proof.  
The night of the ball arrived and the guests filed into the great hall in their gaily colored and elegant finery.  The uniforms of the Brethren were mostly white with a bit of silver embellishment, making them look a pair of doves amidst a flock of parrots: a stark contrast to the brightly hued throng.  Darrin or Tristan was to stand by the lady’s shoulder, save when she was actually dancing with some suitor.  The music was lively, the food rich, and the conversation vibrant.  It was a merry evening for all, especially those who thought that they had made a little progress in gaining the lady’s hand.  At one point the man from Ithalia asked the lady to dance, but upon her refusal he thanked her courteously though the look upon his face as he walked away could have soured milk.  Darrin thought they would have to keep a close eye upon their vile friend.  Several of the young ladies were curious about Naritha’s strange protectors and wished to know more of them.  They were especially amused when they discovered how uneasy they made the boy.
When Tristan was not busy watching the lady, he was forced to dance with one or another of the dozen young ladies that kept company with Naritha.  She found great delight in watching the antics of her ladies with the reluctant young man.  It was obvious that he knew little of dancing, but he also had a sharp mind and quick feet.  By the end of the evening he looked to have a promising start in the finer aspects of a court ball.  Darrin watched Tristan with amusement; the experience was harmless and would be good for him, as the boy needed to learn to have control of himself in all circumstances.  He could speak boldly before kings but young women still made the boy nervous!  The evening ended without a suitor being declared the victor and no strange incidents save the encounter with the Ithalian Count.  In the rush to find a suitor, the princess was not leaving much time to recover from the ball before the joust was set to take place.  
Again, Darrin and Tristan worked feverishly to make sure everything was in order.  They spoke with each of the fifty-odd competitors and found none of an insidious nature.  The Ithalian count had apparently returned home and was no longer of concern as a suitor to the lady.  The day of the event dawned clear and bright.  The crowd was large and excited.  The suitors competed as if their very destiny hung in the balance, and most hoped that it did.  It was an amusing day but uneventful as far as the lady’s safety was concerned.  She regally kissed the winner upon the forehead, but no more was said that day of who the future King might be.  After recent events, no man had as yet won her heart or even her interest.  She had met some very nice and polite young men but none excited her or aroused her interest as she thought was necessary for true love.  She mentioned these feelings, or lack thereof, to the Brethren and Darrin said, “I am not the best person to ask, having never been in love, but I do not think that true love requires excitement or intense feelings.  Find someone you can respect, who will treat you well, and perhaps love will come gradually with time and shared affection.  I do not know if you have the time to wait for true love to find you.”  She nodded in understanding and retired to her rooms.  
The next morning she announced that she would be taking a tour of the surrounding nations and hoped to find love (or at least a respectable man) upon the road.  Messengers were swiftly sent off with word of her coming to the countries she wished to visit.  By midday, three ladies, six guards, four servants, the two Brethren, and Naritha were mounted and ready to go.  Darrin laughed quietly at the parade he was to lead through the neighboring kingdoms.  It was so much easier when it was just he and the boy, but ceremony must be observed when traveling in the company of royalty.  Two guards rode ahead and two behind, the other two were sent off as scouts.  Darrin and Tristan rotated between scouting ahead and riding with the company.  The ladies amused themselves as they rode and the servants saw to their every need or whim.  These were peaceful lands, but bandits still occasionally preyed upon travelers, even within the bounds of civilization.  Darrin hoped eight armed men would prove a deterrent to any hoping for an easy target.  
The first night, they arrived at their inn and after a thorough search of the premises Darrin allowed the ladies to retire to their rooms.  After a chance to freshen up, Naritha chose to join the men in the common room (all save the two guards posted outside watching for trouble).  She seldom had the chance to spend any time at all with the common folk and wanted to take advantage while she could.  The people were very curious as to who this fine lady with the great entourage was.  She spent an enjoyable evening in conversation and even joined a game of darts.  Reluctantly she retired to bed, but the night was oft repeated on many subsequent evenings.  For a week they traveled in such a fashion and finally reached the capital city of Ithalia (Myra).  The King welcomed Naritha to his realm and gave her the best rooms in the castle, save his own.  The following days were spent speaking with the various young nobles that attended court or traveled to the capital to court the great Cantaran lady.  There were many nice young men, but also many arrogant fools.  She was not impressed by any of them and soon made plans to depart for Perth.  The King gave a grand feast in honor of the lady’s departure and all of her potential suitors showed up, but the vile count was nowhere to be seen.  The lady bid them all farewell and retired to her chambers.
Early the next morning, the company was again mounted and on their way to Perth.  Perth welcomed her as gladly as Ithalia had, but she found the young men of the court the same as those in the previous Kingdom.  She longed for something though she knew not what.  She felt the young nobles either thought far too much of themselves or did not think much at all.  She sighed and told her entourage that they would be leaving on the morrow.  Her journey had not accomplished anything but to assure her that her future husband was not to be found amongst the Lords of the North.  Time was short and she could not make a tour of every country in the world as she would have liked, so they reluctantly made their way slowly back home.  She asked that their route take them through as many villages as possible, perhaps a husband awaited her at an as yet unnamed inn.  At least the peasants were free thinkers, very polite, and down to earth.  She was disappointed in this attempt as well, however.  While the peasants were attentive and polite, she could not enter an inn without everyone acting as formally as they knew how.  
They approached her as they might the Master Himself.  She yearned for a simple conversation without all the pomp and ceremony.  She opined upon this to Darrin one night.  He said, “as long as you travel with such a large and formal company you can expect nothing else.  If you wish to know these people as they are, you must divest yourself of all your noble trappings and travel as a commoner might.  I do not like dismissing your guards, but it may be the only way you actually get to meet and know anyone outside the nobility.”  
She smiled, “I wish to get to know these people.  Make me into a commoner, at least for a time.”  Darrin nodded and went in search of her companions to inform them of some changes to their routine.  He dismissed the ladies, the servants, and all but two of the guards.  Two of the men would travel ‘separately’ from the lady and the Brethren, but would always be close enough to give aid at need.  The rest of the party was not happy to be so summarily dismissed but had no say in the matter and set out immediately for Cantara in the morning.  Darrin planned a more circuitous route for the remainder of the party.  They also acquired some less formal clothing, which the lady donned with distaste.

That night they arrived without ceremony at an inn and no one looked twice at a plainly dressed woman traveling in company with two armed men.  A lady who could afford it rarely traveled alone.  They passed a quiet evening.  Naritha spoke with several younger men who were present in the common room, but none gained much more than a passing curiosity on her part.  Darrin began to wonder if she would ever find a husband.  She returned to their table and said, “no one seems very interested in me anymore.”  
Darrin laughed, “remember you are not royalty anymore.  Sheep are very curious when a goat wanders into their pen, but are not so excited about other sheep.  You will have to approach others if you wish their attention.  Many people consider it improper to approach a young woman unbidden.  If you were a man, someone might buy you a drink and talk your ear off.”  She did not look happy at the change in her circumstances.  She returned to her room and was soon asleep.  
The men rotated so that there was ever a guard at her window and one watching her door from some hidden place.  They set out again the next day and reached the appointed inn by nightfall.  Naritha was disappointed to see that few people at the inn were interested in speaking about anything; their attention was fastened on the storyteller standing before the hearth.  Soon enough, even she was entranced by the woman’s captivating words.  At times she could almost hear the clamor of battle or feel the wind upon her cheeks and smell the spray of the sea.  The inn was packed with attentive listeners.  Anywhere a traveling storyteller or musician appeared, people gathered.  Tristan smiled to see his friend Emilia.  Piper was sitting quietly in a corner and the girl was the one holding the audience captive with every word she uttered.  The young woman would one day make a very impressive Teacher, today she was already an accomplished speaker.  She finished her current tale and then chose to rest for a time.  Piper stood and took her place, smiling proudly at her apprentice.  Emilia wandered over to greet Tristan and Darrin.
She was taken aback to learn the woman traveling with them was heir to the throne of Cantara.  Emilia was even more surprised to learn why the young woman was traveling about.  The girl smiled, “I only wish I could give you some leads, but I have not encountered anyone you would deem interesting.”  Naritha smiled her thanks.  The two young women spoke warmly until Piper beckoned Emilia back to her post.  The girl spent much of the night regaling her audience with one tale or history after another.  
Naritha said to Tristan, “your friend seems quite a talented girl.  I did not think women often went to Astoria?”  
He replied, “there are few enough who do, but we welcome them as sisters all the same.  By tradition, it is only ever a woman that leads the Brethren.”  
Naritha nodded and yawned, “perhaps I shall retire.”  
They bid her goodnight and Tristan went outside to relieve the guard hidden outside the lady’s window.  The guard happily came inside to listen to what remained of the tales yet to be told.  After midnight the other guard found Tristan and took his place.  The weary boy sought his blankets, but first wakened Darrin so that he could relieve the guard watching the hall outside the lady’s door.  He yawned and collected his sword.  The guard soon entered the room the four shared and was quickly asleep.  An unknown time later, both men were awakened by the sound of a scuffle and a woman’s scream.  They grabbed their swords and went in search of the disturbance.  All along the hall, doors had been flung open at the sound.  Naritha’s door was wide open and Tristan found Darrin standing in the empty room gazing forlornly out the open window.  Naritha was gone.
A brief search outside revealed the body of her murdered guard.  Someone must have killed the man watching the window, snuck inside, and carried the woman off.  They hurried to the stable to fetch their mounts.  The stable boy was curious as to what all the fuss was about.  He was able to tell them that he had snuck out in the middle of the night to answer the call of nature.  While he was doing his business among the trees, he had witnessed four armed men ride up the road and stop outside the inn.  One had leapt from his saddle and stole around the back of the inn.  While the man was gone, another of the men had broken into the stable and stolen a horse.  A woman screamed and the boy saw the man return shortly thereafter with a struggling form over his shoulder.  They had secured the woman to the stolen horse and rode quickly off into the night.  
The boy said, “perhaps I could have stopped them had I been more attentive to my duties?”  
Darrin said, “you probably would have been killed for your efforts.  It was our duty to protect her and we must leave immediately to go to her rescue.  Which way did they go?”  
“East,” said the boy, “how do you ever hope to catch them?”  
“We will,” said Darrin grimly.  The five were soon in their saddles (Piper and Emilia would not be left behind, nor would the surviving guard).  The persistent stable boy was also determined to come.  He had saddled the horse belonging to the fallen guard and found an ancient sword somewhere.  “Where are you going?” asked the amazed Darrin.  
“With you,” said the boy, “it is partially my fault the traitors got away.”
“We need to ride now,” said Darrin, “I have no time to argue but if you fall behind we will not wait.”  The boy nodded and flung himself into the saddle.  They rode hard towards the east.  While the unicorns could easily outdistance the horses, if they traveled too swiftly they might miss some sign in the darkness where the kidnappers might have turned off the main road.  Whenever they met a crossroad, one of the Brethren was sent swiftly down the path to see if anything could be seen of the fugitives.  They found no sign as they rode that their quarry had left the main thoroughfare.  They pressed on into the dawning, hoping they would not come too late.


Chapter 10

While night lasted, Naritha clung miserably to the back of the pilfered horse trying not to fall.  Her hands were bound and her mouth was gagged.  She recognized her kidnapper as the vile Count of Ithalia.  The other three she vaguely recalled as the men of the Order to which he had been talking at the ball.  As the sky began to lighten, her captors left the road and headed for the thick woods that bordered either side.  They found a secluded spot to sleep and posted a sentry.  The girl miserably settled in a semi-comfortable position and tried to find the peace of sleep but it would not come.  If they murdered her, a younger sister would assume the throne so that would not be of any benefit to them.  If they held her for ransom, her father would refuse to pay it and he would name another daughter his heir.  The only option they had was to force her to marry one of the men thus making him King of Cantara.  She would rather die.  Somehow she thought that might be how this whole adventure might very well end.  With these uneasy thoughts she lapsed into unconsciousness.
Those following Naritha traveled all night but found no sign of the devious men.  The Brethren rode swiftly ahead and down all possible turning points but found no trace of recent travel.  They must have turned off the road and hidden in the woods.  Darrin estimated the farthest a mortal horse could travel if pushed hard in the time between the kidnapping and dawn.  From that point, they traced their steps back looking for crushed vegetation, broken branches, or some sign that they had turned off the road.  Finally the stable boy found a trail leading into the tangle of trees on one side of the road.  Now how were they to rescue the girl without inadvertently getting her killed?  The boy had an idea.  Darrin said, “this is insane!  You are going to get yourself killed.”  
The boy smiled, “then it is a good thing I am not under your authority.  It is the only way I can think of to get into their camp without having them use the girl as a hostage.”  
“All right,” said Darrin, “but know that I am not excited about this whole scheme, but we will do our part.”  The guard was posted on the road to watch for anyone trying to flee.  The four Brethren would form a perimeter around the suspected location of the camp.  Their mounts could move almost silently through the woods, much quieter than even a man on foot.  The boy was to march into the camp and distract the men while the Brethren moved in.  The boy drew his sword and tromped loudly along the trail created by the passage of the horses.  He soon found himself held at sword point by a man who looked like he knew how to use the thing.  
“Who are you and what do you want?” snarled his captor.  
“I am a valiant stable boy come to rescue the hapless lady you took captive,” said the boy with his most clueless grin.  
“Alone?” laughed the sentry.  
“I did not have time to call upon my trusty comrades in arms,” said the boy pathetically.  
“Well at least I will not have to face the wrath of the chimney sweep and the cobbler’s apprentice!” laughed the man, “Were you not so obviously pathetic I would kill you where you stand, but I doubt our leader will find you so amusing.  Know your minutes are numbered fool.”  He pushed the boy roughly towards the camp.  
“Who is that?” snarled their vile leader as the pair entered the camp.  
The man laughed, “a groom come to rescue the princess.  How romantic!”  
“How did you find us?” snarled the count at the boy.  
“I was at the inn last night and saw everything,” said the boy, “I borrowed a horse and followed you.  I found the trail where you left the road and entered the woods.  And here I am.  Now let the girl go!”
“You irritate me boy!” hissed the vile man, “Why should I let her go or spare your life?”  
“Because it is not right to hold a lady against her will,” said the boy.  
“I have never really worried about such paltry considerations as right and wrong,” laughed the vile man, “we shall simply kill you and be on our way.  I do not suppose any one will notice if you do not return?”  The boy looked absolutely miserable.  By now the girl had wakened and looked in astonishment at her would-be rescuer.  A stable boy?  Where were the Brethren and her guards?  This was definitely not her idea of a proper rescue!  It never happened this way in the stories.  
The boy spoke grandly, “fear not lady, I shall keep you from harm.”  
The vile man laughed, “you cannot even keep yourself from harm, much less her!”  
“He does have a point,” said an unknown voice.  Darrin sat upon his stallion with his bow drawn and aimed at the vile count.  “Perhaps I can avail both,” said Darrin, “drop your swords and let them go.”  
“You and what army?” snarled the count.  Darrin motioned and the other Brethren revealed themselves.  All save Tristan had drawn bows with arrows pointed at one or another of the villains.  The stable boy even had nerve enough to reach for his sword though he was still held at sword point.  
“Leave now or they both die,” snarled the count.  
“I am afraid that is not possible,” said Darrin patiently.  
“Very well,” snarled the man, “you have chosen their fate.”
Everything seemed to happen at once.  Tristan rode in swiftly, pulled Naritha onto the mare’s back, and fled with the girl.  Three bowstrings sang at once and the vile man’s helpers fell prone to the ground.  The boy was left to face the evil man alone with his sword.  He hoped he was up to the task.  But instead of drawing his sword, the man leapt into his saddle and rode off into the surrounding woods.  They followed, but only ever found the body of his horse, apparently ridden to death.  Whatever became of him after no one ever knew.
Darrin dismounted and inspected the three dead men, but found nothing of interest.  He turned to the boy and said, “you have nerve.  I will grant you that.  We had best go back to the inn and see how the lady is faring.”  They mounted and headed back to the fateful inn.  Tristan was waiting for them and the lady was in her room trying to clean up.  Piper went in to see if she needed any help or someone to talk to.  The innkeeper was not happy that the stable boy had run off on some foolish quest and fired him immediately, hoping to find a replacement he looked hopefully at Tristan, who politely declined the offer.  Darrin found the whole thing vastly amusing.  Finally the lady emerged and found her way to the table at which the Brethren sat with the former groom.  
“I owe you my thanks,” said the lady to the boy, “and my life.”  
The boy blushed and said he was only doing what anyone would do.  “Since I no longer have a job or a reason to stay,” said the boy, “may I ride with you?”  
“We are in need of another guard,” said Darrin, “can you use that sword?”  
The boy reddened but said, “yes.”  
“Then we had best be going,” said Darrin, “the day grows old.”
They all agreed and were quickly mounted, but they did not get far that day, but hoped they had put some distance between themselves and their fugitive foe.  Piper and Emilia would travel with them until they were safely back in Cantara.  They told stories, history, and lore each night when they stopped.  This ended all of Naritha’s hopes of speaking to the locals, but after recent events her enthusiasm for such things had also diminished.  She did however find an attentive listener in Hart, the valiant stable boy.  By the time they arrived home, she had made up her mind.
Upon their arrival she went directly to her father with the news.  The boy wandered aimlessly about the palace with Tristan, feeling very awkward and out of place.  He had never imagined she was the daughter of a King!  He had simply seen a lady in distress and felt he must go to her rescue.  He hoped the King was not angry that he had not stopped the kidnapping whilst it was in progress.  He wondered if he could get a job in the stables or as a guard or something.  He really did not know what else to do with himself.  He was an orphan and was constantly looking for work.  The sword had belonged to his father who had taught him to use it before he died of the same fever that took his mother and half the village.  He was also surprised to learn that he traveled with not one, but four of the almost legendary Brethren.  Tristan was about his own age and it fascinated him that the boy could be so young yet had had so many adventures already.  Maybe if the King did not offer him a job, he would ride to fabled Astoria and see what mysteries that strange city held.  
Before long, the regal old man that served as steward to the King approached the two young men.  “You will come with me,” droned the steward.  
A small army of servants descended upon Hart and very nearly carried him off into the depths of the castle.  When next Tristan saw him, he was scrubbed, polished, and stuffed into some very elegant clothes.  The four Brethren and many of the courtiers stood in a small mob before the King.  The boy stood awkwardly in the middle of the gathering.  The princess entered, now attired in her most formal garb.  “What is going on?” whispered Hart to Tristan.  
The boy grinned, “a wedding.”  
Hart paled, “whose wedding?”  
Tristan laughed, “yours!”  
“What?  How?  Who?” stuttered the boy.  At that moment, the Princess walked up beside the flabbergasted Hart and took his hand.  
She smiled and said, “I hope you do not mind.  I forgot to ask you, but would you mind being my husband and also King of Cantara?”  
The boy looked ready to faint, but said, “as you wish my lady.”  She smiled and the ceremony began.  It was soon over and the coronation followed.  There was much rejoicing and many days of feasting and dancing.  Tristan was an accomplished dancer by the time they left.  The Queen bid them all a fond farewell and the as yet bashful King did the same, just with less ease.  
Darrin laughed, “relax your Majesty.  You will soon get the hang of it.”  Piper and Emilia headed west to finish their circuit of the North Countries and Tristan and Darrin made their way back to Astoria.
It was a very quiet ride back to Astoria.  As they rode through the gates around the city, Tristan nearly fell out of his saddle with surprise.  Kile was standing guard, which in itself was nothing exciting, but he wore the uniform of a full-fledged Brother: he was no longer an apprentice!  Tristan smiled at his friend, who returned a delighted grin.  Darrin shook his head at the exchange but saluted his former apprentice.  They made their report to the Lady, who seemed pleased with their adventures in Cantara.  “Almost a fairytale ending,” laughed she, “perhaps one of the musicians will one day write a song about it.  Who said these things only happen in stories?  I know you two are probably tired of traveling, but I must send you out again immediately.  I am sending you almost to the other side of the world.”  
Darrin looked anxious.  The Lady continued, “this side of the Impassable Mountains of course.”  Darrin relaxed as she continued, “there is a peculiar group of men inhabiting an old fortress in the foothills of the Western Mountains; I have heard many odd rumors, but I think it is time we learned more of what actually passes there.  I do not think they are a threat to anyone, but I fear they have some very odd ideas about how the world works.  You two will be responsible for finding out what they actually believe, and if possible, sharing with them the Truth.  We cannot force them to believe anything they do not wish to, but everyone should have a chance to hear it.”  
Darrin nodded but asked, “would not one of the Teachers or Philosophers be better able to speak with such people?”  
The Lady smiled, “perhaps they are more learned in the minor details of the Truth but I expect all of the Brethren to be able to carry on a basic conversation.  I have thought about sending someone else, but for some reason I think this is a job for you two.  Do not ask me why, because I do not know.  Any more questions?”  Darrin caught the admonishing tone in her voice and blushed.  Tristan had never seen the man react so to anyone before, but took it as a warning never to second guess the Lady.  The Lady smiled warmly, “very well.  You leave tomorrow.  May the Master ride with you.”

As they left the Lady’s presence, Tristan said, “I have never seen you blush before.”  
Darrin shook his head ruefully, “it takes much to make an old warrior like me do something like that.  Just remember that the next time you feel like matching wits with the Lady.”  
Tristan smiled, “I have already decided to avoid that fate if I can.”  
Darrin laughed, “then you will do very well.”  
They headed for supper and Tristan found Kile, who had just finished with his turn upon the gates.  They hugged and Tristan asked, “so when did this happen?”  
Kile smiled and said, “we returned from our tour of the Wilds and Gathir closeted himself with the Lady.  The next thing I know, I am standing before the Lady and she is telling me that I am no longer an apprentice.  That was a couple of days ago.  Not too much has changed except my uniform and I no longer get all of my orders through Gathir.  How about you?”  
Darrin smiled, “my young apprentice here may have another decade or so before he gets a new uniform.  The expectations are much higher for the Messengers, he may have a long wait.”  
Tristan smiled, “I am content with my current situation.  I actually am reluctant to start having to do things alone.  It is nice to have someone to wake you up in the morning.”  
Darrin laughed, “perhaps you will always be an apprentice if you constantly need a nursemaid to make sure you are awake, dressed, and bathed when needed.”  It was Tristan’s turn to blush and the others laughed.  They shared an enjoyable evening, but it was soon time for bed.  They had a very long journey ahead of them and wanted to leave as early as possible.  Kile bid his friend goodnight.  Before Tristan was able to escape to their room, two older men approached him.  It took him a moment to recognize Grant and Phelps; he was not used to seeing them with such joyful faces.  
“You have finally returned,” said Phelps.  
“And I leave again tomorrow,” laughed Tristan, “I see you have made productive use of your time in my absence.”  
The two new apprentices laughed and Grant said, “we have indeed.  Perhaps this is something we should have done long ago rather than plotting the overthrow of our own countries.”  
Tristan asked, “how go things thus far?”  
Phelps replied, “it is nice to finally have a purpose in life.  I have such peace that I never felt as heir to my father’s title.  Then I was always worried about gaining more power or worried that some usurper would take my rightful place.  Here I can just be myself, the person I was meant to be.  Why do I feel like I have been pretending to be someone else up until now?”  
Tristan smiled, “because up until now you were not yourself.  In taking your Oath you have found yourself.”  They talked briefly, but Tristan could not stay long and soon bid them farewell and goodnight.
The next morning, they were once again in the saddle and heading west as the sun was rising.  Tristan wondered if he would ever get used to sleeping in a bed again.  It seemed that most of his nights were spent sleeping rough.  It would take them nearly a month of steady riding to travel to the other side of the world.  Tristan mused that most of it would involve sleeping wherever they found a protected spot.  As a child he had often dreamed of going adventuring and seeing the world, his imaginary adventures did not involve weeks in the saddle, sleeping outside in the rain and cold, and eating stale rations.  He did not mind such inconveniences, but they left most of the boring and uncomfortable details out of the stories.  That was probably a good thing or no one would want to listen to stories or even try their hand at an adventure.  
As they traveled, Darrin drilled him hard on all manner of lore, history, philosophy, Truth, and Law.  After a long day in the saddle, they did not settle down immediately for the night, but instead practiced various forms of martial skill.  Though exhausted, they wasted little time.  If Tristan did not go to bed with a throbbing head and aching muscles, it had been an easy day.  Darrin pressed his apprentice hard, but he knew the boy could handle it.  The day was coming when he would have to do those things on his own and there would be no one there to guard his back or to answer questions.  
Halfway through their journey, they stopped at an inn for a few days to rest themselves and their mounts.  They were soon on the trail again however, and as they entered the western half of the world, Darrin began asking after the peculiar settlement they had been sent to find.  At first, no one knew anything but the vaguest rumors, but as they drew near to the old fortress in which the men dwelt the locals knew more than gossip.  Everything they heard seemed very strange and Tristan hoped it too was only hearsay.  If half of it were true, these were very strange people indeed.  Finally the day dawned when their destination came into view.  They rode boldly up to the front gates, which stood wide open.  It seemed these men were diehard pacifists and detested violence and weapons of every sort.  They did not even kill animals or eat meat.
As they dismounted outside the crumbling structure a barefooted man with long, unkempt hair wearing a vivid blue robe of roughly woven wool greeted them.  “Greetings dear guests,” said the hirsute man, “welcome to Peace.  May I ask what brings such strange travelers to our humble gates?”  
Both men bowed politely and Darrin said, “we have ridden all the way across the wide world in search of answers.”  
The man smiled humbly, “if it is knowledge you seek I do not know if we can avail you.  We are simple men of no great learning but you may reside with us as long as you like and ask what questions you will.  I do not promise wise answers, but we will do out best.”  
Darrin smiled, “I thank you for your hospitality.  It has been a long and lonely journey.”  
“Then you must come in,” said the man, “but I must ask you to not bring weapons of any kind into our peaceful abode.  You may leave them in here.”  He opened the lid of an ancient and dusty chest within what used to be the guardhouse.  He continued, “we have little room or proper stabling for more horses than the two poor beasts who pull our carts, but we will accommodate them as best we can.”  
Darrin shook his head, “if we may store our tack in the guard house, that is all we will require.  Our mounts will be much happier free upon the rolling hills than crammed in a musty stall.”  The man gave him a confused look but said nothing as they unharnessed the unicorns and gave them a parting pat on the neck or rump.  The creatures walked unhurriedly out onto the wide pastures of the foothills.  
“They will not stray?” asked the man.  
Darrin smiled, “they may roam far and wide but will come when needed.”  
“I see,” said the man though his tone said otherwise.  He continued, “I have kept you standing about far too long, please come in and rest yourselves.”  They followed the man into the great courtyard and the smell of old manure was strong in their nostrils.  The open space had been mucked out recently but it was obvious some sort of creature had been housed here either in great numbers or for long periods of time.  The man led them on a winding path into the very heart of the old ruin and showed them a small room that was to be theirs during their stay.  “I am sorry that I cannot offer more than a small room and scanty provisions during your stay,” said the man, “but we are a simple folk and can only offer what we have.”  
Darrin smiled, “this is more than we ever expected.  Thank you for your kindness to two weary travelers.  Do you have time to speak with us?”  
The man smiled, “I would be delighted to answer your questions and I have no pressing duties though there is always much to be done.”  They wandered into the kitchen and sat down at a long table.  The man brought out a loaf of bread and some sort of soft cheese.  He offered them water to drink.  
Once everyone was fed and settled their host asked, “now what brings you so far?  You are obviously trained men of war.  Why do you seek out our peaceful enclave?  Perhaps you have seen enough of war and wish to find peace?”  
Darrin nodded, “I have seen much of war, violence, and death and it is wearisome, but I have not come seeking such peace as you have to offer.  We have ridden hither by order of the Lady of Astoria.  She has heard vague rumors of your little community and wishes to know more about you and your ways.  We have come to learn more about you and perhaps to share some of our knowledge in return.”  
The man laughed, “that such a noble lady would take such notice of the likes of us is quite surprising.  We will happily answer whatever questions you ask.  You may share whatever information you like with us, but I do not promise we will be easily convinced.”  
Darrin smiled, “that is only fair.”  
The man asked, “if you are come from Astoria and ride at the Lady’s command, are you perhaps of the Brethren?”  
Darrin nodded, “we are.”  
The man smiled, “then perhaps we have much in common.  Except perhaps a penchant for violence.”  
Darrin shook his head, “we have no love of violence or death, but find them necessary evils in our service to others.”  
The man said, “we find no excuse for such things.  Ever.  But perhaps we can help you find such a conclusion for yourselves during your stay with us?”  
Darrin asked, “what can you tell me about yourselves and this place you call Peace?”  
The man smiled, “we call ourselves the Servants of Peace and dwell here in hopes of making at least some small corner of the world function as it should.  We are shepherds and have a large flock of goats and sheep.  We use the milk to make cheese, butter, and yogurt and give the wool to our sisters who spin it and dye it and make such robes as we wear.  They also give us grain and vegetables in exchange for our wool and cheese.”  
Darrin asked, “your sisters?”  
The man continued, “yes, a group of women sharing our beliefs but residing in a separate location.  They have a large farm on which they raise any number of vegetables, fruits, and grains.  Between our two settlements we are fairly self-sufficient.”  
Tristan asked, “you keep your flocks in the courtyard overnight?”  
The man nodded, “most stay in the fortress with us at night, but they have become so numerous that we have had to build auxiliary folds out in the foothills to hold them all.”  
Darrin asked, “if you have so many why not sell or eat a few of them?”  
Their host looked stricken, “you do not understand our ways yet so I must forgive you your ignorance in such a question.  We see each and every living creature as a vital part of the One.  To kill a sheep or sell it to someone who might do likewise would be to us like killing our own children or siblings.  Such a thing is not to even be considered.”  
Tristan asked, “you spoke of the ‘One,’ what is that?”  
The man seemed a little recovered and said, “we believe that each creature’s life force, when combined with the life force of every other living creature, constitutes the One.  The One is the force behind all life and good and peace in the world.  When each individual creature is considered we call it the All.  All is One and One is All.  It is much like an anthill.  Each individual ant is a tiny part of the whole.  Alone they are weak but together they are strong.  Thus we do not kill other living things for food.  We take what they give us freely.  We give them protection and food in exchange for milk and wool.”  
“You consider sheep and goats on a level equal with men?” asked Darrin.  
The man smiled, “of course, we are all brothers and sisters within the One.”  
“What happens to an individual’s soul or life force or whatever you call it upon death?” asked Tristan.  
The man said, “we believe that the individual ceases to exist upon death but the life force of that individual combines with the One and adds its own strength to the strength of All.  We go on living by strengthening those who yet live.”  
Darrin asked, “this One has no personality, mind, or will?”  
The man said, “no it is like the anthill: a seething mass of life and activity but with no overt will or independent thoughts or plans.”  
Tristan asked, “from whence did the One and creation spring if not from some great mind?”  
The man said, “the One has always been and ever will be.  Life has always been and always will be.  All is as it ever was and ever will be.”  
Darrin said, “that is a very fascinating thought.”  
The man smiled, “I know this must sound strange and counterintuitive to you who have sworn your lives in service to the Master, but we feel that the whole concept of the Master is too narrow and does not fully explain life as we have experienced it.  Take for example the story of his violent death to save one child’s life and the extrapolation from there that his blood somehow serves as a universal cleansing agent for evil.  Why would an all-powerful creature submit himself to such a thing in the first place?  Why would he allow evil to occur at all?  And violence is never the solution to anything.  Our belief that all creatures are inherently good and simply driven to violence and crime because of necessity or poor upbringing is a much better solution to the problem than the theory that man chose evil and the Master sacrificed himself to atone for it.  If all men had adequate access to the necessities of life and a decent education, violence would cease completely.  Violence is contrary to life and therefore contrary to the One and the All.  Here we hope to set an example and educate all men in the ways of Peace.”
“You deny the existence of the Master in favor of some mindless force?” asked Tristan, a bit scandalized.  
The man smiled at the boy’s perceived ignorance, “no my young friend.  The Master is simply a very narrow and distorted conception of the One.  There are those out there that cannot understand a great, encompassing power and need a more personal feeling to their beliefs, thus the Master was born.  But you must broaden your horizons and look to the One and not remain in the narrowness of your previous beliefs.  Only then will you find true peace.”  
As the man finished, a great cacophony erupted in the courtyard as hundreds of sheep and goats were driven into the crowded space for the night as the shepherds returned.  The man introduced his guests to the forty odd men who inhabited the old fortress.  They were greeted enthusiastically and politely.  To a man, none wore shoes, all had very shaggy heads and untidy beards, and all wore violently colored robes of rough wool.  Supper was a simple affair of bread, cheese, yogurt, in season fruits, and water.  After the meal, everyone returned to their chambers to ‘meditate upon the One,’ whatever that meant.  
Tristan and Darrin retreated quietly to their own room.  “Are we surrounded by madmen?” asked Tristan once they were alone.  
Darrin shook his head, “many think the Brethren are crazed for thinking as we do.”  
“Are you saying the Truth is not completely true?” asked Tristan, “That it is only true in part?”  
Darrin smiled, “I am saying nothing of the sort.  These men are confused and are in desperate need of the Truth.  They have parts of it, but have added things and distorted or dismissed others.  They did not like things the way the Master Himself passed them on to us so they did a little creative editing.  We must try and help them understand the Truth, but it is up to them to accept it.  We can only speak what we know with all gentleness and respect.  But we must not accept their version of things as true simply because we are expected to out of politeness.  It will be a delicate balance to maintain, but it will be good practice for you and vital for them.  Perhaps you could tag along with the shepherds tomorrow and learn more of their strange beliefs and correct some of their misconceptions about ours?”  Tristan nodded sleepily and was soon dreaming.  The strange logic of their host had tired him more than their journey.
The next morning, they were awakened at dawn by a strange crooning sound, which turned out to be the monks greeting the coming day in their own peculiar fashion.  Breakfast was the same as supper (and every other meal thereafter).  After breakfast, there was much commotion as the flock was milked and the precious fluid was collected for processing into cheese, yogurt, and butter.  Each man then packed a satchel with a water bottle and food for the midday meal.  The gates were opened and the restless flocks went down to drink at the nearby creek.  After watering the herd, the men then drove them off to fresh pasture.  As the herd grazed, Tristan had ample time to circulate amongst the herdsmen and speak about their odd ideas.  Speaking with several men, Tristan asked, “does it not seem strange that personality exists even when the One is an impersonal and mindless thing?”  
The men smiled at the boy’s apparent lack of understanding, “personality is a selfish and manmade concept.  The One has no personality and it is to this we aspire.  The less we think of ourselves the better.  Only death can fully accomplish our goal of joining the One completely but we can come very close.  The individual does not matter, only the whole.”  
Tristan shook his head at these backwards thoughts.  The Brethren also believed that selfishness was a terrible thing but personality was not something to be thrown aside in disgust.  The Master had made each and every person an individual to be valued and respected; He called each person into Himself, but in so doing made them even more the people He meant them to be.  They did not cease to exist as individual entities, but enjoyed a higher level of fellowship with their fellow creatures and their Maker by surrendering completely to His will.  He did not ask you to become a soulless non-entity but asked you to give all of yourself to Him and others that He might show you truly who and what you were meant to be.  Only by losing your selfishness could you find yourself.  Tristan tried explaining this to his listeners but they only smiled politely and said his thinking was backwards.  
One man said, “look to the sheep.  They have much less personality than any man yet the flock as a whole moves as a single creature.  If man could learn to accomplish such things, think what effect it would have upon the whole world.  If all men thought more about the whole and less about the individual then there would be much less strife and bickering.”  
Tristan asked, “are you saying that the individual does not matter at all?”  
The patient man smiled and said, “the individual matters in that the One is made up of a vast number of individuals but one creature alone cannot matter more than another nor more than the whole.  If the individual must suffer for the benefit of the whole then it will be as it must.  That is why when one sheep gets sick we turn it out of the flock and leave it to its own devices lest the rest of the flock sicken as well.”
Tristan was greatly shocked by this mode of reasoning and asked, “so a child or a sheep is of little consequence to you as long as the rest of the group benefits or is not harmed by what happens to the individual?”  
“Something like that,” said the man, “many have abandoned wives and children to come to this place in pursuit of Peace.  It was not of benefit to our families for us to leave them, but the One and the All will benefit the more as we work hard to promulgate peace.  It was worth the sacrifice.”  Tristan stared at the man in astonishment.  What kind of bizarre logic was this?  
“What if your children starved because they had no one to provide for them?” asked Tristan.  
“They would go to join the One and add their strength to it,” said the man.  
Tristan said grimly, “you speak of peace yet abandon that which was your greatest responsibility to oversee?  How can you value these sheep over your own children?”  
The man smiled patiently, “you are young and emotional.  Someday I hope you will understand that the sheep are as our children and our children as the sheep.  There is no difference between a sheep and a child as far as the One is concerned.  The sheep is nearer perfection than ever the child shall be.  Why do you act as if it is a crime to seek truth and peace?”  
“It is only a crime to abandon that for which you were appointed to provide,” said Tristan.  
The man laughed, “you say we were ‘appointed,’ as if there were some all-powerful force making decisions about the course of our lives.  Life is chance and random chance at that.  There is no great mind devising how each life should go or how the wheels of the world should move.  We are born and we die.  That is all.  Of what use is the middle except to pursue peace and truth?  How can one do so if one is burdened by family responsibilities?  You seek to serve something greater than yourself and have not encumbered yourself with children.  I do not believe the Brethren believe in families any more than we?”
 Tristan sighed, “in taking the Oath we give our lives in service to others at the cost of never again seeking our own ends.  We lose the blessing of a family in so doing, but we are not against families.  We risk our lives so that those families may live in peace.  We do not look down upon anyone who chooses to raise children instead of taking the Oath.  Theirs perhaps is a far nobler calling.  If one already has children, they are not allowed to abandon them to take the Oath.  If you wish to join the Brethren you must wait until your children are grown and your spouse is dead, has abandoned you, or will take the Oath at the same time.  You cannot forsake your family to take the Oath.  You had children and wives and abandoned them to herd sheep!  I am not the one who is backwards in my thinking, it is you!”  
The man smiled patiently, “relax my young friend, you will discover peace and wisdom in time.”  Tristan could only shake his head.


Chapter 11

Many days of such conversation came and went.  The Brethren listened patiently and tried to explain the Truth of things to them, but their pleas fell on deaf ears.  Finally, Darrin decided that it was time for them to move on.  These men were ever listening but never hearing.  They had their own vague and twisted way of viewing reality and would never consider anything else.  Evening was falling and Darrin sat at table with their host, about to tell him that they would be leaving on the morrow.  The sheep filled the courtyard and the shepherds sat at supper.  Tristan walked the battlements trying to get the smell of sheep out of his nose.  He gazed off into the gathering dusk and nearly fell off the wall.  A large group of armed men had surrounded the fortress and a man was walking importantly towards the closed main gate.  He nearly jumped down the rickety ladder and informed their host and Darrin of what he had seen.  Their host ran to the main gate and flung it open just as the stranger was about to knock.  
“Good evening sir,” said their host, “can I help you?”  
The scruffy man smiled evilly, “I hope so.  I am the leader of a group of men who would be happy to take your flock and this miserable fortress from you.”  
“I beg your pardon?” asked the confused man.  
The man smiled villainously, “we are taking everything you have.  You can cooperate and live or get in our way and die.”  
Darrin asked the bandit, “what are your terms?”  
The villain smiled, “you all must leave, now.”  
Their host said, “but we cannot abandon our flocks into the hands of these evil men.  Surely this cannot be in keeping with our beliefs.  We must die alongside out sisters.”  The bandit looked at the man strangely.  
Darrin tried to explain, “these men feel that every living thing, including their sheep, are of the same value as themselves.”  
The man laughed, “we have already slain the five men you had watching your other flock.  Do you wish the same fate?”  
“You killed our brothers?” asked their host in shock.  
The man grinned, “of course, they got in our way.  We will be happy to do the same for you.”  
“It must be as you say,” said their host, “we cannot flee to save our own lives and abandon our sisters.”  
Darrin grabbed the man and shook him, “do you hear what you are saying?  Your friends are dead and you do not care!  You would forfeit your own lives for a bunch of sheep!”  
The man blinked as if coming out of a dream, “my friends are dead?  Alba, Dinb, Grem, Narth, and Poe are dead?  You killed them?”  The bandit nodded happily.  Only then their host realize he was not worried about the fate that had befallen the flock, only that his friends were dead.  He turned to Darrin, “I am a fool!  Here I must face the foolishness of my own beliefs.  A sheep or a thousand sheep are not worth the life of a single man!  My friends are dead and I do not mourn for the sheep.  I should mourn for both the same but it is the men that trouble my heart.  Forgive my idiocy.  We shall leave everything for you.  Spare our lives.”  
“You are finally talking sense!” laughed the bandit, “Leave immediately or my men may start killing people just for the fun of it.”
Their host called for the attention of his followers and said, “a great tragedy has befallen us.  Five of our fellowship have fallen at the hands of the bandits that wait outside our gates.  They demand our flocks and our fortress.  I thought to die here with our sisters who go on four legs but then I realized that I mourned our lost comrades yet did not have a spare thought for the fate that befell their flock.  Our dreams of peace are but that: dreams.  And now the time of waking has come.  We must leave immediately or die here for nothing.  Let us go my friends.”  
As one, they stood and made their way towards the back gate and out into the night, never looking back at their forsaken livestock.  The bandits laughed as the forlorn men walked dejectedly off into the night.  Darrin and Tristan had little choice but to follow.  During the interlude with the bandit, Tristan had managed to grab their swords, but their tack was left behind in the guardhouse.  The leader of the bandits yelled after them, “a wise choice my friends.  I thank you for all your hard work on our behalf.”  
Then the night erupted in yells, screams, and the clash of steel on steel.  The retreating monks stopped and stood upon the hill overlooking their former home and stared in disbelief at what was happening in the fortress.  A few of the bandits had entered and were making themselves at home when a great phalanx of horsemen swept down upon those who remained outside.  Men on foot ran in the back gate and slew those who had already made it inside and had barred the front entrance.  Soon it was over.  The bandits lay dead and so did half a dozen men of the Order of the Unicorn.  Another fifty were busy securing the fortress, which included chasing out the majority of the livestock.  A dozen men rode towards the displaced monks.  
“What have we here?” demanded a man in a captain’s uniform.  
Darrin spoke, “you look upon the previous residents of this ruin: an obscure religious sect dedicated to peace.”  
The captain said, “they may go in peace as long as they give the fortress over to us.”  
“What claim have you upon the fortress?” asked Darrin.  
The man smiled grimly, “we built it three hundred years ago though it has lain empty for half a century after the last men to man it died of some forgotten plague.  What claim have these trespassers over us?”  
“They relinquished it to the bandits and you slew the bandits so I think you have claim on the property no matter which way you look at it,” said Darrin, “though if you could let them go back and get what little property they own and let them round up their sheep I am sure they would be grateful.”  
The captain laughed, “I have no interest in their sheep or their meager possessions.  Take your things and be gone.”  
“Thank you,” said their host as he motioned for his men to comply.  Soon they had the carts hitched to the ancient ponies and all of the men carried what little they owned in their satchels.  Tristan and Darrin returned for their tack and called their mounts to them.  The captain looked on in astonishment as two horses came galloping out of the night and stood patiently as their masters put on their saddles and bridles.  
“What strange creatures are these?” asked the captain, “Perhaps I should take them as tribute for rescuing these hapless men from the clutches of the bandits?”  
“You cannot have them,” said Darrin simply.  
The captain pulled his sword and smiled, “I shall enjoy this.  You would lose your life over a horse?”  
Their host was aghast, “you are the ones who thought it folly that we should think our lives no more valuable than the lives of our sheep.  And yet you feel the same about a horse?  What right have you to lecture us?”  
Darrin kept his hands well away from his blade and said, “I would not fret over the loss of a mere horse.  When I say you cannot have them, I mean that as simple fact.  They will not allow anyone to ride them unless it is of their own choosing.  Your sheep have no souls, therefore it is utterly foolish to risk your life for them.  Our mounts are as much thinking creatures as you or I.  Thus it is no evil to risk one’s life for theirs.”  
The captain laughed, “you are as mad as these hermits are purported to be.  What nonsense is this?  Give me the reins or I shall take them from your dead hands.”  
Darrin shook his head, dropped his reins, and backed away.  He said, “you have been warned.”  
The captain smiled as he approached the great stallion.  His ears were laid back and he looked ready to do something violent.  “Easy boy,” said the captain, “if you are as smart as this man seems to think, you will let me ride you.  It will not be a bad life.  Much better than in the service of this wanderer anyway.”  The stallion tried to back away but the man held the reins firm.  The man laughed, “not so fast.  I have you now.”  He came alongside the great stallion and put a foot in the stirrup.  The creature stood still as stone but watched the man with a vicious eye.  Tristan hid his face.  Their host looked on in wonder.  Darrin tried to keep a straight face.  The man swung himself into the saddle and the wondrous creature just as easily cast him out again.  He glared at the stallion and Darrin, before trying once more with the same results.  Picking himself up a second time he said, “what manner of sorcery is this?”  
Darrin sighed, “I have spoken the truth.  It is no sorcery.  You claim allegiance to the Order of the Unicorn yet do you even believe in your namesake?”  
The captain laughed, “a fine joke!  We all know unicorns are either myth, or if real do not mingle with mortal men.  Tell me what goes on with this vile beast before I slay you both?”  
“You do not understand,” sighed Darrin, “I keep trying to tell you but you will not listen.  I am one of the Brethren.  Do you not know what that means?”  
The captain laughed again, “yet another myth.  The Brethren claim to ride unicorns yet I have seen no proof of it.  I think it is all a tale to strike fear into the common folk.  You and your ilk are all a nuisance.  Perhaps I should arrest you for disturbing the peace?  Now tell me what foolery goes on with the beast!”  
Seeing no other option, Darrin asked his stallion to reveal his true form.  A brief argument ensued with the creature not wanting to reveal himself to such men but finally acquiesced to his master.  Everyone but Darrin and Tristan stepped back in terror as the creature’s true form appeared; he glowed slightly, as if with the light of the not yet risen moon.  His eyes held wisdom and you knew he was no dumb beast.  Darrin swung into his saddle and looked at the speechless captain.  He said, “now do you believe?  May we go?”  
The captain was speechless; he still did not believe even though the proof stood before him.  Darrin’s question snapped him out of his stupor and he said, “you may go but I shall keep the mare.”  Aria was not at all pleased at this suggestion.  Tristan tried to calm her, but she was very irritable for a unicorn.  The captain smiled, “if a mere boy can handle her, I am sure I can.”  
Tristan said, “please sir, you will have no more luck than you did with the stallion.”  
“Silence!” roared the captain.  Aria pulled free of Tristan’s grip and trotted to the far side of the courtyard.  The captain followed patiently, coaxing and clucking at her.  She would go nowhere near him.
“Enough!” roared the captain, “If you wish the boy to leave alive, you will do as I say you foolish beast.”  She laid back her ears and stopped pretending to be a simple horse.  The captain stared at her in disgust, “her too!”  
Darrin laughed, “he did try to tell you.  We will leave as soon as you give us permission to do so.”  
The captain stopped his vain pursuit of the mare and asked quietly, “tell me how you have charmed such creatures?”  
Darrin laughed, “they are not under some enchantment.  They serve us willingly.  No whip or bridle can tame them if they wish not to be caught.  They will only submit to one who has submitted himself to the Master.  Only one of the Brethren can claim such a mount.”  By now Aria had wandered back over to Tristan, who easily swung into her saddle.  The monks and soldiers stared in amazement.  
The captain said, “be gone then, but do not cross me again or you shall regret it.”  The unicorns again draped themselves in obscurity.  Darrin led the monks out of the fortress while Tristan brought up the rear.  The captain ordered that no one was to speak of what had passed that night.  They then returned to the tedious business of putting the fortress in order and reestablishing the garrison.  
As the monks trudged wearily on into the night, Darrin asked, “where are we going?”  
Their host said, “we go to Westhope: the communal farm run by our sisters.  They must hear our tidings.  We must also bid them farewell and return to our families.  We have been fools and must seek the forgiveness of those who matter to us most.  We must again seek the Master, Whom we forsook in hopes of a less rigorous and demanding way of life.  Life was easier when you had no personal responsibility.  Do you think He will take us back?”  
Darrin smiled, “if there is one thing I know, it is that the Master is quick to forgive and will gladly welcome home even long errant children.”  The man smiled and seemed at peace for the first time that evening.  His followers had been listening closely and all found hope in Darrin’s words.
Sometime after midnight the weary travelers reached a broad expanse of cultivated ground with numerous wooden buildings in the midst of the fields.  Some knocking and calling out soon roused the sleeping women, who came out to see what all the fuss was about.  They gasped in horror and amazement as the full tale was told.  They found places for the men to sleep and more would be decided upon in the morning.  In the morning, after a good breakfast and much discussion, the Servants of Peace unanimously voted to disband their order and those with families thought to go in search of them.  
Darrin said, “why not bring your families here?”  
Their host said, “why?”  
Darrin laughed, “you want community and peace.  You have a community already.  It would not take much to turn this gigantic farm into the makings of a village.  Why not go find your families and bring them back here?  You could try starting again, but this time do it the right way.”  
This seemed a good idea to all and within a few years the thriving community of Westhope became a well-known destination for traders, miners, and herdsmen in the West of the world.  The Order was happy to have a garrison already established in such a strategic location.  The Brethren stayed on for some weeks teaching the Truth and helping to draft the laws that would govern the infant community.  Finally the time came when Darrin felt that he and Tristan must soon depart.  The former monks bid them a fond farewell and many asked them to stay.  Darrin smiled and said he would see if the Lady might not send a Teacher their direction.  
As they rode off, Darrin said to Tristan, “you are in charge of our journey back.”  
“What?” asked the amazed boy.  
Darrin smiled, “you say when we sleep, eat, stop at an inn, or abandon everything to herd sheep.  Eventually you will need to do this by yourself or lead others upon such excursions so we might as well start now.”  Tristan nodded, not sure whether to be excited or terrified.  He had traveled enough by now to have a very good working knowledge of how these things were supposed to work, but having a working knowledge and actually being the one making the decisions were two very different things.  With only a little practice however he transitioned well into his role as leader of the expedition.  

They rode for two weeks without incident.  They had yet to actually stop at an inn and Tristan thought that they should rest a few days as they had on their journey into the West.  Darrin would not say yes or no to anything, he simply did as Tristan told him.  The boy sighed but chose to stop.  That night in the common room Tristan had an idea.  He asked Darrin if he would mind telling a story.  The man gave him a scandalized look but as Tristan was in charge, he had little choice.  Tristan smiled in anticipation.  This leadership thing was more fun than he had thought!  A couple of men were sitting at another table when they saw Darrin get up and leave the boy alone.  They invited themselves over to Tristan’s table.  Darrin eyed Tristan worriedly, but the boy did not seem concerned.  He started a tale about something, but kept half his mind always upon the boy.  
“Where are you headed?” asked one of the men of Tristan.  
“North and east,” said the boy.  
“Why not head south?” asked the other man.  
“What is in the south to interest me?” asked Tristan.  
“The south is said to be full of wonders and amusements beyond count,” said the first man, “a hedonist’s delight.”  
“We have business elsewhere,” said the boy.  
“I think you will be coming with us,” said the other man.  
“I highly doubt that,” said Tristan.  
“We are not asking,” said the first.  
“And what exactly are you going to do about that in a crowded common room?” asked the boy quietly, “And why me?  Are there not far easier targets abroad?  I am a penniless wanderer.”  
“Just what we want,” smiled the first, “no one will miss you.  There is quite an interest amongst certain parties in procuring young men who know the use of a sword.”  
“And who would these ‘certain parties’ be?” asked Tristan.  
“That is for us to know and you to find out,” said the second.  
“You still have not told me how you plan to abduct me in the presence of everyone here,” said Tristan.  They did not look thrilled at his question or the reminder that they were not truly alone.  Darrin finished his story as quickly as he could and returned to his place across from Tristan.  
“Who might you fine fellows be?” asked he quietly.  
“Meet my kidnappers,” said Tristan merrily.  
“I really do not think that is such a good idea,” said Darrin grimly to the two strangers, “or even a well thought out plan.  How are you going to abduct someone in a crowded common room?”
“Like this,” said the first man.  He pulled something from his pocket and purple smoke engulfed the room.  Everyone started yelling in confusion and coughing on the acrid smoke.  No one could see anything.  Tristan felt strong arms around him and struggled against his captors but a swift blow to the back of his head rendered him unconscious.  The men dragged their captive out the backdoor and into the woods, where they secured him to a spare horse and then freed their own mounts from the trees to which they had been tied.  They rode quickly off into the darkness with their captive.  Slavery was a much-proscribed activity in all parts of the world, but there were certain groups who made a good living by indulging in it even so.  Darrin found his way to the door and out into the fresh night air.  A panic-stricken equine scream came from the direction of the stables.  He sighed, Aria had realized her master was in trouble.  
He ran to the stable, saddled his stallion, and tried calming the mare.  His presence was all that kept her from tearing down the stable around them.  He quickly saddled the impatient mare and then set out in pursuit.  Tristan woke with a terrible headache some time later and felt the rhythmic trotting of a horse beneath him.  He felt Aria’s presence somewhere close behind.  They must be following.  He tried moving his hands and feet and found them bound fast.  He also noticed his sword and dagger were gone.  He sighed quietly, then an idea struck him.  The mare was more than happy to comply; she raced ahead of Darrin and his stallion.  Darrin had hoped to follow until the men made camp and then rescue the boy while his captors slept.  Instead, the mare seemed to be taking charge of things.
Tristan felt the mare coming alongside and then ranging far ahead of his captors’ horses.  He braced himself, this was going to hurt.  A common horse cannot stand the presence of a unicorn in its true form and the beasts panic at the sight.  The three horses conveying Tristan and his captors were no different.  The animals went wild with fear, throwing their riders to the ground and fleeing in the direction opposite of where the terrible creature stood.  Tristan, still bound to the spare horse, had no choice but to go wherever the beast went.  As he had anticipated, Darrin rode close behind them and soon came alongside Tristan’s panicked horse.  He grabbed the reins and pulled the animal up short.  Tristan felt Aria coming towards him, but he sent her back to watch the fallen men.  She was not happy but complied, knowing Tristan was safe.  Darrin cut Tristan’s bonds and soon he was standing safely on the ground.  He looked at his mentor and said, “I am sorry I made you tell a story.  It was a misuse of power and I think I have paid the price for my foolishness and pride.”  
Darrin smiled, “I think you have learned your lesson.  Let us go back and see if we can help those kidnappers learn theirs.”  Tristan mounted the packhorse and soon returned to the fallen men.  The men huddled in abject terror before the terrible beauty before them.  She simply stood and watched them but they dared not move lest she come upon them with her deadly horn or hooves.  Tristan dismounted from his horse before the stupid beast could panic once more upon sighting the unicorn.  The mare whickered happily at the return of her master and as he approached she nuzzled him gently.  Darrin rode up, dismounted, and held the men at sword point.
“What are you boys up to?” demanded Darrin of the two stricken men, “Why kidnap the boy?”  They could not speak for fear.  The mare once again hid her true form and the kidnappers seemed to relax, though Darrin’s sword made it very difficult to relax completely.  “Answer me,” said the man grimly.  
The first man spoke, “we…we just take anyone we happen upon who meets certain criteria.  We catch them, transport them to a dealer, and the dealer sends them on to whoever is looking for a certain type of individual.  The boy was young but looked like he knew the use of a sword.  There are always those wishing to build an army or a gang of bandits.  We do not know who specifically any individual is going to.” 
 “Any chance we could catch this dealer of yours?” asked Tristan.  
The second man shook his head, “no, he works through two or three intermediaries and will disappear if he suspects anything.”  
Darrin sighed, “they are useless as far as helping us close down this slaving ring.  I guess we must turn them over to the local magistrate.”  Tristan nodded grimly.  The men blanched in the darkness.  The punishment for kidnapping with intention to sell into slavery was death.  
“We can pay you,” said the first man desperately, “please do not send us to our doom.”  
Darrin shook his head, “you have chosen your own fate.  Bribery will not avail you.”  
“Who are you?” asked the second man.  
Tristan said, “you have tried to kidnap one of the Brethren.  That is why your plan has failed so miserably and why bribery is of no use.  It is also why we must see that you face justice in one form or another.”  
“What are you talking about?” asked the first man hopefully.  
“We shall see on the morrow,” said Darrin grimly, “on your feet.  We must find and wake the magistrate.”  
The man was not happy to be wakened from a sound sleep, but when he discovered who his visitors were he quickly dismissed his irritation and became very somber and professional.  “You know the punishment for involvement in the slave trade?” droned the man.  
“Yes,” sighed both men together.  
“Have you anything to say in your own defense?” asked he.  
“We were caught in the very act,” snarled the first man.  
“Would you do this again if you knew you would not get caught?” asked Tristan.  All four men eyed him strangely for his boldness, but the first man said, “a man has to make a living.”  
The second said, “it is a very lucrative business and worth the risk.”  
“You do not care that you are trafficking in souls?” asked Tristan aghast.  
“What does that matter?” asked the first.  
The second laughed, “what do I care if someone has a soul or not?  I am in it for the money.”  
Tristan sighed, “then you have sealed your own fates.”  Darrin put a firm but gentle hand on the boy’s shoulder, knowing what the boy had been attempting and knowing the grief he must be feeling at having failed.  
“We leave them to you,” said Darrin grimly.  The magistrate bowed to his guests as they left.  Darrin said to Tristan as they rode slowly back to the inn, “it was certainly worth a try, but not every criminal is going to repent on the spot.  Do not feel too disappointed.  It is their failure, not yours.”  
Tristan smiled sadly, “I know it has to be of their own choosing, but why do they not understand?”  
Darrin shook his head sadly, “there are many who see nothing but their own importance even if it costs them everything.  Humility is seen as a weakness by many who would rather die than surrender to something greater than themselves.”  They returned to the now deserted inn and slept away the rest of the night.  As they rode away the next morning Darrin said, “even after last night’s little fiasco you are still in charge.”  
The boy blanched, “but I erred terribly.”  
Darrin smiled, “and you will not do it again.  At least not in that particular fashion anyway.”  The boy shook his head and rode off towards home.  
There were no more incidents upon the road and Tristan brought them safely to Astoria.  They made their report to the Lady and Tristan was dismissed.  He went in search of a place to sleep; he was exhausted from recent events.  He slept for nearly twelve hours.  The Lady and Darrin spent many hours alone in deep discussion.  She was appalled at the strange ideas held by the Servants of Peace but was glad to hear of their determination to start again and this time to do it aright.  She was amused by the tale of Tristan’s brief abuse of power and glad to hear that the lesson had been well learned.  The news that there was at least one slaving ring still extant in the world froze her blood; it would have to be destroyed.  
The boy was young, but had grown much in the course of his time in Astoria.  Darrin was impressed with his proficiency in almost all topics and his martial skills were impressive.  He had also proved himself able to think on his feet and was calm under pressure.  By rights, no boy his age should be allowed out of his apprenticeship to the Messengers so soon, but he was as ready as anyone in the history of the Messenger sect.  The Lady sighed, “Darrin he is just a boy, but he has such promise that holding him back because of his age would do him a great injustice.  If he were a Warrior or a Philosopher I would have turned him loose alone without a second thought.  But he is the one who chose the Messengers.  Tradition says to keep him on as an apprentice for at least another year, but my heart tells me it is time.  What are your feelings in this matter?”  
Darrin sighed, “is it my place to advise you Lady?”  
She smiled, “the other sects have their representatives upon the Council of Six.  The Messengers have no representative and thus speak directly with me.  I am asking your counsel.”  
Darrin said, “if you bid me speak, so do I obey.  The boy is young true, but he is ready.  He needs only the chance to make the decisions himself and not have someone to defer to or hide behind.  Holding him back because of tradition would do him and the Brethren as a whole a great disservice.”  
“My feelings exactly,” said she, “it shall be as you say.”
The next morning before he had had time to wash, a servant summoned Tristan to the Lady.  He made his bows, apologized for his appearance, and stood before her.  She looked at the boy grimly and said, “Darrin has informed me of your little bout of mischief when he put you in charge of the return journey.  What have you to say for yourself?”  
The boy looked mortified, but drew himself up and said, “Lady, I was wrong to misuse my authority so.  I paid dearly for my mischief and have well learned my lesson.  Leadership is not a right or something to be abused.  It is something to be used to help others.  Please accept my apologies.”  
She smiled, “you have already apologized to Darrin and that is enough, but I am glad to see that you are truly repentant in this matter.  To do so again will break your Oath.”  The boy blanched but soon regained control of himself.  She continued, “I see you understand the seriousness of these matters.  We do not expect perfection, but neither will we accept a refusal to change unacceptable behavior once you have been called upon it.  Do you understand?”  The boy nodded.  She said, “very well.  After much discussion and going completely against tradition, it has been decided that you shall no longer be allowed to wear an apprentice’s uniform.”  The boy looked concerned; had he been somehow demoted for his little stunt?  Seeing the confusion on the boy’s face she said, “you are no longer an Apprentice but one of the Brethren.”  
“How?” asked the aghast boy…no, young man!  
She smiled warmly, “you have shown great progress and have learned much over the course of your time with us.  Tradition holds that a Messenger must apprentice for several years, not just one, but Darrin and I both feel you are ready for the next step in your training.  Do not disappoint me.”  
Tristan looked truly stunned, “no, my Lady.”  
She smiled, “very well.  You may take today and rest, but tomorrow I shall summon you to brief you for your next assignment.”  He bowed himself out and nearly ran into Darrin, who had been waiting outside the door.


Chapter 12

“Well?” asked Darrin.  Tristan smiled and hugged his friend.  “I see,” laughed the man, “but remember you still have much learning to do and I will always be here to advise you or rescue you, as needed.”
Tristan could not decide whether to laugh or cry and found himself doing both.  Darrin had been summoned to the Lady and dared keep her waiting no longer so Tristan bid farewell to his friend and mentor.  He returned to his room, quickly washed, and changed into the new uniform that had been placed upon the bed in his absence.  He then went in search of breakfast.  He had been away so much during the last year that he recognized few of the students; most of the apprentices he had known were currently out of Astoria on assignment.  The Brethren he knew from lessons or patrol duty looked at him in surprise but clapped him on the back in congratulations.  The students looked on in curiosity, not sure what all the fuss was about.  One more man in the uniform of the Brethren was not all that interesting to them.  
Tristan found Grant and Phelps and sat beside them.  They congratulated him on his recent promotion and spoke of current happenings in Astoria.  Phelps had decided to become a Philosopher and was to apprentice with one of the Brethren permanently stationed in Astoria.  Grant had chosen the Messenger sect but was still waiting to learn whether he would be accepted.  At that moment, Darrin walked in and sat between Tristan and Grant.  
The man said smilingly, “I am in search of my apprentice.”  Tristan was at first worried there had been some terrible misunderstanding.  Darrin clapped him on the back and said, “easy my friend.  It is not you I seek.”  He looked at Grant, “are you ready?  We have an assignment.”  
Grant looked stricken, “me sir?”  Darrin exchanged amused glances with Tristan and said in exasperation, “boys!”  Tristan just laughed.  Darrin shared his mirth and said to Grant, “yes, you.  We had best be going.”  Tristan bid his friends farewell and watched them disappear into the hall with a bittersweet realization that he was now completely on his own.  Phelps finished his breakfast and secreted himself in the library with his mentor.  Tristan went in search of Aria.
The mare was grazing contentedly on the great lawn; she ambled over and lay her head reassuringly across her master’s back.  He sighed contentedly, knowing he was not as alone as he felt.  Knowing his thoughts, she nudged him gently in rebuke and he laughed, “very well, even without you I am not alone either.  The Master is always with me.”  She whickered in approbation.  He gave her one last pat and left her to her morning meal.  It was a very strange sensation to walk down the corridors and have all of the apprentices and students bow as he passed and not to have to do the same to the Brethren he encountered.  He found several classes that might be interesting and sat in on them.  At noon he found his way to the dining hall and wondered what to do with himself for the rest of the day.  It was very strange to suddenly find oneself in a completely different set of circumstances than existed before breakfast.  He almost yearned for the morrow when his new life would begin in earnest.  At the moment he felt as if he were trapped in some sort of strange void.  He was no longer an apprentice but not quite yet one of the Brethren.  
“Tristan!” came a familiar voice as he mused over his lunch.  He turned his head in the direction of the voice and smiled.  Kile wandered over and sat beside him.  
His friend said, “I had not heard you had returned, but I heard rumors of a VERY young Messenger wandering about and felt I must investigate.  It is a very strange feeling is it not?  You no longer belong among the apprentices, but you are so new to the Brethren that you do not quite fit with them either.  It will get much easier with time.  What are you up to?”  
Tristan smiled, “wandering about and trying to look busy.”  
Kile laughed, “you are not a student anymore.  They will not put you to work mucking stalls if they see you in a moment of idleness.”  They both laughed at the memories they had shared of former times.  
Tristan said, “I have the day to ‘recover’ from my journeys in the West, then tomorrow I must report to the Lady for my first assignment.”  
Kile looked thoughtful, “I am in a similar situation.  I have been teaching lessons, leading patrols, standing watch, and attending classes for some time now and tomorrow I will learn what my first assignment shall be.  I wonder?”
The young men exchanged an excited grin and hoped that perhaps their first solo mission would not be as lonely as they feared.  Kile could not stay long as he had guard duty, but he promised to find Tristan at supper ere he ran off.  Tristan went to the library and tried to read on various topics of interest, but could only wonder about what tomorrow held.  Kile found him at supper and they discussed what strange missions the Lady might send them on and hoped against hope that it might be together.  They both retired early, as tomorrow was an important day.  
Bright and early, they were washed, dressed, and ready to present themselves before the Lady.  They made their bows and stood before her.  She smiled at their excitement and nervousness.  She began, “you may have already guessed that I am sending the two of you out together.  Tristan’s recent adventures have revealed that slavers are still at large in the world and this vile trade must stop.  Tristan was recently kidnapped in hopes of selling him into such bondage.  We know that these men are looking for young men who can use a sword.  That is why I am sending you both on this quest.  You may need to get yourselves kidnapped to infiltrate this slaving enterprise.  If you can break into it in another fashion, by all means do.  These men are evil to the core and kill on a whim.  This is a very dangerous assignment and there is a good chance one or both of you will not survive.  Your job is to discover who these vile men are, expose them, and bring them to justice.  Not only are you to uncover the men involved in capturing potential slaves, but also the dealers, middlemen, and those buying slaves.  If someone is looking for young men who can use a sword, there is a good chance that someone is plotting something requiring a number of soldiers, which is also something I need to know.  As this is your first assignment, I give you the option to bow out if you think it is too dangerous?”  
Neither young man said anything and the Lady smiled, “then may the Master ride with you.  I suggest that you return to the area in which Tristan was assaulted and frequent inns in the vicinity.  Tristan will be in charge, as it is traditional for the Messengers to lead when multiple sects are involved in an operation.  Any questions?”  The boys shook their heads and bowed themselves out.

As they walked down the corridor Kile said, “this is going to be tough.”  
Tristan smiled, “that is what happens when you get involved with a Messenger.  You could have withdrawn from this mission.”  
Kile laughed, “I said tough, not impossible.  Besides, this is what we have spent our whole lives preparing for.  Live or die, we do it in service to the Master.”  
Tristan smiled grimly at his friend’s reminder of how dangerous this was going to be.  He said, “I suppose we had best be going.”  
Kile saluted, “yes sir.”  Tristan elbowed him in the ribs as they parted to prepare for their journey.
Soon they were in the courtyard putting the last touches on their preparations.  Several of the Brethren came to bid them farewell.  Tristan looked up and saw the Lady standing at her window.  She raised a hand in farewell and withdrew into her rooms.  Soon they had ridden out of sight.  Tristan pressed hard for the inn at which he had been captured.  He did not intend to return to that particular inn, but hoped to find one in the vicinity.  He hoped he had not ruined everything by bringing the local slavers to justice, but they were opportunists and where one failed another would take their place.  The unicorns were not to accompany their masters or attempt a rescue if they were captured.  They were to follow secretly at a distance and come only if summoned.  They wandered about for several weeks and nothing happened.
One night as they sat at yet another table in yet another common room waiting for something to happen, Tristan glanced over and saw a man eyeing them intently.  He said nothing for a few moments and concentrated on the last bits of his supper.  Finally he said to Kile, "there is a man in the corner taking too much interest in us.  This may be what we are looking for.  Perhaps I shall go for a walk."  
Tristan stood up slowly, stretched obviously, and made his way towards the door.  Kile watched his friend go, wondering what he was to do about the stranger, but soon his question was answered.  The man approached his table and took a seat.  The man glanced around nervously but the room was empty save for the two of them.  He smiled at the boy and said, "I have a deal for you.  I work for people who work for people who also work for people.  Needless to say, if you have something they want I can make it worth your while.  My people are very interested in 'speaking with' young men who can use a sword.  If you would be willing to arrange a little...meeting...between me and your friend, I am sure you will come out very well in the deal.  Think about it, and if you decide your friendship may be worth less than you originally thought, I will be waiting along the road several miles to the west.  Come alone with your friend and I will make it worth your while."  
The man slunk out of the inn and Tristan returned shortly thereafter.  "Well?" asked he, resuming his seat.  
Kile smiled, "it is as you thought.  The man is very interested in the prospect of 'speaking' with you.  He wants to meet us along the road shortly, though I think he may decide to take both of us instead of just you.”  
"I agree," said Tristan, "the question is do we cooperate?"  
Kile nodded, "do we have any choice?"  
Tristan sighed, "I do not think so, but now that the time has come I am reluctant to give myself into the hands of these men."  
 "I am sorry to hear that," said a woman's voice, "because I am here to make sure you do as you were told."  A young woman stood beside their table and had her sword leveled at them.  Shock registered on their faces as recognition dawned.  "Now," said she, "if you will be so kind as to precede me out the door and make your way along the road in the specified direction?"  Tristan tried to whisper something to Emilia but she shushed him and pressed the business end of her sword into the small of his back.  "Outside!" she ordered.  The boys quietly complied.  What was she doing involved in this?  Once they were safely away from the inn she said quietly, "there was a man listening and watching all that passed between us.  Word reached me from the Lady that you might need help in this little venture and I rode in search of you.  I am not allowed to be 'captured' by these men if I can help it; it is no good thing for a woman to be taken in such a way, you are at much less risk than I would be."  She sounded a bit frustrated with her orders but continued, "perhaps I can work on the outside and you from within, though I must disappear before they ask me to actually kidnap someone.  Stop here and I shall bind your hands."  
The boys complied and she tied one of the trick-knots that could be loosened or tightened at need if you knew the secret.  She also pulled two black clothes from her pouch and put them over their eyes.  Tristan smiled, he could see fairly well though the cloth looked opaque to observers.  She said, "that is the best I can do.  The rest is up to you.  I shall do what I can from the outside.  May the Master ride with you."  They stumbled along in silence and after some time came to the meeting place where the shady man waited with a wagon and team.  
"Excellent," said he to the girl, "I did not think they were foolish enough to come on their own.  Perhaps we can work together in the future?  Here is your share."  He tossed her a pouch that sounded like it contained a number of coins.  
She smiled greedily and said, "this could be the beginning of a very beneficial relationship.  But we shall see."  She disappeared into the darkness. 
 The man turned his attention to the boys.  "Now lads," said he, "behave yourselves and you will be treated well, otherwise we will kill you.  Understand?"  They nodded.  He said, "good.  Now we are going to bind your feet and put a gag in your mouths.  Any questions or complaints?"  They shook their heads.  
A man appeared out of the brush and said, "the girl has gone.  We can go."  The shady man smiled and the two proceeded to secure their captives.  The boys were then tossed into the back of the wagon like two pieces of wood.  The two men climbed into the wagon seat and drove off.  They bumped along for some hours and then just as the sky was starting to lighten, the wagon stopped and the shady man jumped off and a short man took his place.  They rattled off once more.  This happened on two more occasions and each time the man who had been on the wagon the longest jumped off and was replaced by a new person.  As darkness engulfed the world again, the wagon finally came to a halt.  The boys were lifted from the wagonbed, their feet were loosed, and they were made to stand.  Through his thin blindfold, Tristan could see that there were four young men standing in the courtyard of a great house.  
Once all of the boys were assembled and standing together, a voice said, "you have been drafted into the service of a very promising enterprise.  You will know more once you reach your final destination, but know that you now belong to someone else and if you do not obey you will cease to be."  There were murmurs of fear among the boys, but the voice continued, "in the house you shall be fed, cleaned, and allowed the other necessities of life.  Tomorrow you begin your journey to meet your new master."  He clapped his hands and a large man firmly gripped each boy by the shoulders and marched them into the house.  Their needs were seen to, if in a very awkward fashion owing to bound hands and blindfolds.  They were made to lie down in what must be the stable, because they found straw beneath them and the smell of horse was strong in the air.  Tristan found what sleep he could and far too early was roughly taken by the shoulders and once more 'taken care of.'  After that, all six of them were once again bound at the ankles and tossed into the back of a wagon.  For three days and three nights they traveled, stopping long enough to rest the horses and take care of those little necessities that would not wait.  Finally, they reached their destination.  Their feet were again unbound and they were herded into a large room of a great house.  
"Welcome," said the voice once more, "you have finally reached your new home, or at least it will be home until we deem it time for you to be moved elsewhere.  Please go with these gentlemen who will see to your comfort.  Tomorrow we shall see what sort of men you are."  The boys were again marched off by their much larger 'helpers.'  Tristan was beginning to feel much like an animal that is dependent upon others for all of its needs; he did not like the feeling in the least.  He awoke the next morning to yet another toe in his ribs.  They were finally unbound and their blindfolds and gags were removed.  They were given a light breakfast and then herded out into the stableyard.  Each boy was given a wooden practice sword and told to show what he knew.  Each of the boys at least knew one end of a sword from the other though their skills varied greatly.  Tristan and Kile seemed to impress their captors the most of any of the boys present.  
 After that they were herded in for the noon meal and after lunch were made to go through various drills and exercises to improve their sword technique.  For several days their lives consisted of little more than eating, sleeping, and practicing with their blades.  Four days after their arrival, another 'delivery' of young men arrived bringing their number up to an even dozen.  For two weeks the boys continued with their routine.  Then one morning they were made to stand in three rows in the stable yard and were addressed by a stately man in his middle years.  
He said, "you are probably wondering where you are and why you are here.  It is not important where you are but perhaps you will find interest in knowing your fate.  You, my young friends, have been captured and brought to this place because you apparently have some knowledge of the sword.  I represent a group of distinguished gentlemen who are interested in an illicit sort of sport.  Tomorrow, we will have a little auction and each of you will go to your new home.  Your new masters will have one month in which to train you to become master swordsmen.  At the end of that time, we will gather once more for our little game.  Each of you will be paired up and will fight to the death.  The winner will move on and the loser will not need worry about anything any longer.  Should you fail to cooperate you will meet a swift end as surely as if you are the loser in our little competition.  The only way you survive is to win.  I am sorry to say that only one of you will survive the whole ordeal, but to him perhaps there will be great reward in the end.  Rest well today for tomorrow is an important day."  
The man withdrew and the stunned boys were escorted back to the sort of barracks they shared.  They talked little amongst themselves as they were always watched and any attempt at conversation was quickly quashed.  Tristan and Kile exchanged worried looks but both knew their limits in this situation.  They could not kill an innocent foe, which meant they would not long survive in this vile sport.  Tristan only hoped Emilia had followed and was able to alert someone to their presence here so that someone could soon put an end to the foul sport whether or not they themselves survived the ordeal.  Tristan's face changed from worry to grim determination; he knew what he must do no matter the cost.  Kile wore a similar expression.  Living or dying, they would not forsake their calling.
The morning dawned cool and overcast; a dismal rain fell on the boys and the gathered buyers.  Tristan had heard of cock fights and dog fights but he had never dreamed men would stoop to pitting one man against another merely as a source of entertainment and in hopes of winning a little money by gambling upon the event.  Each boy was put through his paces with his weapon to show the spectators what he could do.  Each buyer was then allowed to inspect each lad closely before the bidding began.  Tristan had been to a few horse and cattle auctions, today he felt just like one of the beasts.  Each boy sold for a ghastly amount of money with the two Brethren bringing the highest price, but none of the lads went for less than a small fortune.  Each boy was then handed over to his new master and went to their new home for one month of intense training.  Tristan shared one last look with Kile, who smiled at him reassuringly, knowing that one way or another this would soon be over.
Tristan now 'belonged' to what appeared to be an aged lord.  He was put in the charge of the captain of the man's guard.  It took two days of hard travel to reach the man's estate, but soon enough Tristan was settled in and enrolled in a rigorous training program, which he handled with ease.  It was nothing worse than what he had endured on his long journeys or back in Astoria.  Occasionally the man came to check on his progress and seemed pleased with how things were progressing.  Somewhere in the distance, Tristan could feel Aria's presence.  While he could try to escape somehow by calling her to him, it was more likely they would both die in the process nor would Tristan abandon Kile and the other slaves; he could not simply walk away from his mission.  If he escaped, the slavers would not feel comfortable gathering for their vicious sport, which would be the best time for a raid to be made upon the entire operation.  Tristan was heavily guarded at all times, such a valuable asset must not be allowed to be lost or stolen.
  The month was nearing its end when they made the final journey back to the place where the finale was to take place.  Each of the boys looked in the peak of health and was dressed in a brightly colored uniform representing the colors of his particular master.   A large man stood at each boy's shoulder and another stood nearby holding the boy's weapon.  They were only allowed to carry the weapon in the ring.  Evening wore away into night and fires were lit in a large circle and the crowd gathered around the edges.  All was darkness beyond the fires and the flickering light added more intensity to the already grim scene.  The audience was hidden in darkness and could only be seen as shadows moving occasionally in the night.  Tristan wanted to speak with his fellow competitors but he was not given that chance.  He would have to act as an example instead; if his plan was to work he must be one of the first to compete.  
As the draw would have it, he was paired up with another boy for the first match.  The stately gentleman took his place in the middle of the ring and gave a welcome speech to his guests.  He then went over the rules.  The fight was to the death.  If a competitor was disabled and could no longer fight, he would be declared the loser and would be killed.  Tristan's plan might only buy the losers a few more minutes, but he hoped against hope that some move might be made against these wicked men ere the night was over.  If possible, he hoped to save at least a few of their lives.  Of course his plan could backfire, he might just earn himself an early death for not killing his opponents, but he had no other choice.  He exchanged a grim look with Kile, who tried to smile encouragingly.  Then he was handed his sword and pushed into the ring.
His opponent was perhaps two years older and much larger though he looked very nervous.  Tristan said quietly, "I do not wish to fight you, but I will if I must.  Know that I will not kill you, regardless.  I ask that you do the same though it cost us both our lives."  
The nervous boy laughed, "if we are to survive, we must win.  I will do what I must to live."  The boy lunged at him and Tristan had no choice but to defend himself.  The boy was good, but Tristan was better.  The crowd roared and cheered with each near miss and especially when blood was struck, they thundered in delight.  Tristan knew he must conserve his strength and energy: too many small bleeding wounds would quickly sap his strength thus he spent his time blocking until he could strike a crippling but non-fatal blow.  The boy fell to the ground clutching his arm and could not go on.  
The moderator emerged and said, "finish him."  
Tristan dropped his sword and said, "no."  
The man glared at him, but said nothing.  He motioned for two men to come and drag the injured boy away; he would be dealt with later.  Tristan's own escort came and drew him back to the sidelines to await his next match.  Kile went next and his fight ended in a similar fashion.  The rest of the captives quickly understood and did the same.  By the end of the first round, six of the boys had been injured (none too gravely) but no one had died.  The men who owned the boys knew they would not survive the night anyway so it did not much matter if they died in the ring or were disposed of more quietly afterwards.  It actually made for a better show because the boys had to use more skill and care to keep from killing one another.  Tristan would have rather had them all refuse to fight, but besides he and Kile, the others feared death too much to disobey.  At least in this way they lived a little longer, hoping any minute might bring rescue.  
The next round began with three pairs of young men that were to fight.  Tristan and Kile each won their rounds, as did another young man.  With three competitors for the final round, one of them had to sit out while the other two competed.  The winner would then face the boy who had sat aside.  Tristan drew the short straw and watched as Kile faced off with the other boy.  The boy was an excellent fighter, but Kile bested him, and he was dragged off to sit with the other injured boys.  It would now be Kile against Tristan.  The audience cheered and shouted and made a great cacophony in their excitement.  They loved the bloody sport, but more importantly many fortunes rode upon the outcome of this fight.  The boys were pushed out into the ring and made to face one another.
Tristan smiled at his friend.  His friend returned the gesture, knowing this moment might be their last.  They threw down their weapons and put their hands behind their backs.  The crowd grew silent as death.  Then a man yelled, "what are you doing?  You will fight or I will kill you myself!"  It was the man who 'owned' Kile.  
The boy smiled infuriatingly, "I will not fight my friend."  
The man growled, "then you will fight me and I will kill your friend.  Pick up your sword."  The boy looked grim but did as he was told.  The crowd went mad with the sudden change; the men taking bets were beset with people wanting to wager on the outcome of the unexpected fight.  Tristan picked up his sword and watched intently as Kile fought for his life.  The boy was good, but the man had long experience on his side.  Kile was soon down and unable to rise, the man closed in for the kill.  "I will enjoy this!" said he.  Kile did not flinch as he saw death written on the man's face.  
Suddenly Tristan yelled, "wait!"  The man stopped and glared at the insolent boy who dared interrupt his victory.  
"Why?" demanded the man.  
"Take me instead," said Tristan quietly, throwing aside his blade.  The audience was silent as the grave as the drama unfolded before them.   
The man laughed, but lowered his blade, "your life is not your own any longer.  How dare you try and barter with what is not your own.  I shall deal with you shortly."  
"You would kill an injured boy?" asked Tristan, "That is not a victory but murder!"  The man glared at the boy and the audience gasped at his audacity.  
"Murder is it?" laughed the man, "You will all die this night regardless so I do not see the point in prolonging your friend's pain a few more minutes.  It would be a mercy to end his suffering, but I have no problem killing you first.  Murder?  How can it be murder to dispose of what is rightfully your own?"  The man left the prone Kile and approached Tristan.  
The man said, "ready to die boy?  You have gained nothing you know?  This little scheme of yours has only bought all of you a few more hours."  The man approached with sword bared, ready to strike down the unarmed boy who looked him firmly in the eyes.  He would enjoy killing the insolent youth.  
"You cannot!" came a desperate voice from the audience.  
The man paused, "now what?"  
Tristan's 'owner' said, "he is mine, I bought and paid for him."  
The man rolled his eyes, "of course he is yours and he is apparently the winner of tonight's little contest, but you knew when you bought him that he must die with all the others.  We cannot allow witnesses to live."  Tristan's master nodded reluctantly and resumed his seat.  The man raised his blade again and Tristan gazed at him, unflinching and unafraid.  
"Stop!" came another voice, interrupting the man once more.  Recognizing the voice, Tristan immediately went to one knee and bowed his head, unable to face the speaker in his current plight.  
The would-be executioner growled, "am I never to shed any blood this night?  What now?"   
The Lady of Astoria stepped into the middle of the ring and many gasped at the audacity of the strange woman.  She said, "you cannot slay him, he belongs to me."  
The man laughed, "the boy belongs to my friend over there, I saw him bought and paid for.  End of story." 
 The Lady shook her head, "you cannot buy and sell the souls of men as if they were sheep.  A man's soul belongs only to the Master or the Evil One, and that by the man's own choosing.  This boy is ransomed by the very blood of the Master, who would dare place a price on such a precious thing?  Thus you cannot slay him as you would a simple animal.  His life and safety are in my keeping and I will not have it wasted in such a pointless exhibition.  Stay your hand."  
Things were starting to become clear to the man as the Lady spoke, but it still took him some little time to understand what exactly was happening.  The Lady approached the kneeling boy and gently placed her hand under his chin and lifted his face to hers.  Tears streamed down his cheeks, making little tracks in the dirt, sweat, and blood clinging to his skin.  She smiled at him gently and said, "come, the nightmare is over.  You have done well.  Let us see to your wounds."  The boy smiled gratefully and shakily gained his feet.  She was about to lead Tristan out of the ring when something inside the briefly forgotten man seemed to finally sink in. 


Chapter 13

He said, "you cannot be who I think you are?"  
She smiled grimly and said, "I am the last person you wish to catch you in such an enterprise.  Your lives are forfeit for engaging willingly in the trade of human souls."  
The man sneered, "then if I must die, at least I can do the world a favor in ridding it of you."  Fast as a striking snake, he raised his sword and lunged at the Lady.  But just as quickly she pulled forth her own sword and blocked the man's stroke.  He looked at her in stunned silence, not expecting such a venerable woman to carry a sword about her person, let alone to know how to use it.  She pushed his blade away with hers as two scandalized Warriors quickly grabbed the man, disarmed him, and led him off into the darkness.  Tristan and the rest of the Brethren were aghast that anyone would dare strike at the Lady in such a fashion.  
Her laughter shook them all out of their daze.  She said, "come, let us see to your wounds.  Your friends are probably tended to already."  
As they left the ring, Tristan saw that the spectators were clumped off to one side under heavy guard.  There must have been at least fifty of the Brethren roaming about the large estate.  She smiled at his amazement and said, "Emilia was able to find this place and heard about the ghastly contest that would soon ensue.  We arrived in a timely manner and captured everyone without any resistance.  Everyone was so fixed on what was happening in the ring that they failed to notice fifty armed men descending upon them."  She laughed at their carelessness.  They found the other captives with their wounds tended, freshly bathed, and dressed in clean clothes.  Tristan was quite a sight by comparison with his shredded and bloody clothes, his face covered in blood, sweat, and grime.  The Lady abandoned him to the care of Darrin, who smiled at him ruefully.  
Darrin said, "why is it I must always be tending to your wounds and washing behind your ears?"  The boy laughed and gratefully allowed himself to be tended to.  He had a number of shallow cuts on his arms and chest, but nothing deep or vital.  Darrin shook his head, "at this rate you will have no part of you not covered in scars by the time you turn thirty.  You should slow down, you have a couple centuries to collect these things."  
Tristan sighed, "if I could I would happily comply but you know I do not voluntarily look for chances to get hurt."  Once his wounds were dressed and he had had a wash and a change of clothes he went in search of Kile.  The boy stood with the Lady and both were deep in some discussion regarding the prisoners.  The Lady beckoned Tristan to join them.  
She said, "I need to know if these are all of the people involved in this vile enterprise.  If there are any yet at large, they must be stopped lest this sort of thing continue."  Tristan and Kile looked over the grim and nervous faces among the gathered captives.  
Tristan said, "this is everyone I remember who was involved in this from the man who first 'captured' us to the guards and slave owners."  Kile nodded in agreement.  
The man who had brought them into this terrible world spoke, "you forget one other.  There was a girl involved in the capture of these two.  It would be a pity for her to escape the fate that awaits the rest of us."  
The Lady addressed the speaker, "are there any others that you know of involved in this detestable practice?"  
The man shook his head, "none save the girl.  I would hate to die knowing that she escaped a similar fate because she failed to show up at our little event."  
Just then, Emilia joined the little gathering and was greeted enthusiastically by her friends.  "That’s her," said the man in confusion, "why do they act as if they have just found a dear friend?"  
The lady smiled, "because she is a dear friend."  
The man gaped, "but she sold them into captivity."  
The Lady shook her head, "she did so with their full knowledge and under my orders.  How else do you think I was able to infiltrate this despicable system of yours?  These young men risked their lives and lived through the Master only knows how many horrors to see that this terrible practice was ended.  This young lady was forced to give her dearest friends into the hands of evil men.  The evils you and your friends have perpetrated are beyond fathoming.  The punishment for such activities in all lands is the same.  The nobles among you will be sent back to their respective countries for punishment; the rest shall be handed over to the local authorities."  
There were many dejected sighs and some weeping amongst the captives as they began to fully realize the price of their actions.  The four Brethren moved away from the doomed assemblage in search of less depressing company.  When morning came, the many noble prisoners were sent home under heavy guard.  The rest were brought before a local tribunal and dealt with as befitted their crimes.  The boys were free to go wherever they wished.  Several rode off towards home, but the majority of them opted to return to Astoria with the Lady and her party.  Emilia was dismissed to resume her previous assignment.  The two former captives were to ride back with the Lady and rest before reassignment.  Darrin and his new apprentice were among those sent off to see that their prisoners safely reached their destinations.  Handling nobles who broke the law was a tricky thing and it was best left to their own lords to decide what was to be done with them, else people felt their authority was challenged and wars could result.  It was a surprising mix of people that had been brought together for the love of bloodsport and a lust for easy money.
They rode quickly, but not fast enough to tire the horses.  Tristan was amazed that the Lady herself had come on such an errand.  He did not wish to question her actions but he could little contain his curiosity.  During one idle moment he had a chance to ask her, "I did not think you often left Astoria to attend to matters in the field?”  She smiled at him blandly.  He looked very nervous and said, "I do not mean to question you, I am simply curious."  
She smiled more warmly and said, "I suppose I must answer your question since it was I who put you into such a dreadful situation in the first place, just remember I am not required to answer any question I do not wish to."  He nodded grimly.  She laughed approvingly at so much sincerity in one so young; her mount pranced a bit, catching her mood.  She continued, "you are correct, I rarely leave Astoria.  It would not do to get myself killed on some foolish quest.  While I am replaceable, the Master has bidden me to shepherd His flock for a little while and it is not my duty to endanger myself needlessly.  On this occasion, it must be remembered that I rode in company with fifty of the Brethren and if they cannot keep me safe no one can.  Slavery is one of the vilest forms of evil one can perpetrate.  It was vital that we show our seriousness in keeping this menace from festering in the known world.  Even for such a small enterprise as this, it was of the utmost importance that the world knows it will not be tolerated, even in the least of its forms.  Slavery reduces the value of a person's soul to little more than that of a beast, and the loss of value ascribed to each individual is one of the gravest sins a man or country can commit.  My presence there was meant to show our seriousness in dealing with this matter.  I have not left Astoria in the memory of any man now living outside the Brethren.  I will not leave again unless another dire situation should arise."  
Tristan thanked her for her answer and bowed himself out of her presence (which is not easy to do while riding).  She smiled after him, still amazed at the mix of audacity and respect she found in the former thief.  He had a great heart, but sometimes his youth still got the better of him.  She smiled, by comparison nearly everyone was a mere youth to her!
As they journeyed, Tristan and Kile found themselves confronted by their fellow captives.  The seven boys still found it fascinating that the two were numbered among the Brethren and that they had intentionally let themselves fall into the hands of their captors.  Everyone else in the party was also one of the Brethren and much older than the former captives, at least Tristan and Kile were of an age and had shared the same trials.  The boys with strong family ties or future obligations had returned home, but these seven had been abroad in the world because they had no great future ahead of them at home and hoped to make something of their lives by seeking adventure in the wide world.  Was it not always so in the stories that some farmer's son was always rescuing the princess or slaying the dragon?  They could think of little more exciting than seeing the mythical land of Astoria and learning more of the mysterious Brethren that dwelt there.  
They almost fancied the Lady some sorceress Queen and held her in great awe and fear.  If the hardened warriors among whom they found themselves held her in such high regard, mere boys must faint in her presence.  Tristan smiled at their youthful enthusiasm.  Had he been that wide-eyed and eager once?  He laughed aloud when he realized he was younger than some of these 'boys' yet he considered them mere youths!  He laughed again when he realized that Darrin would probably say he was still that wide-eyed and innocent.  Kile gave his friend an odd look but refrained from saying anything about Tristan's sudden outburst of mirth.  As the boys naturally fell in with the two youngest Brethren, the Lady saw no point in wasting precious time as they traveled and quickly put Kile and Tristan in charge of the young wanderers.  
When asked what they were to do with the young men she said, "whatever you wish.  They are in your hands.  There is much promise there and it would be a pity to see it wasted."  The boys exchanged worried looks but bowed in acquiescence and fell behind, out of the Lady's presence.  Some of the older Brethren exchanged amused looks, remembering their own first year out of their apprenticeship and the myriad of impossible quests and unexpected responsibilities they too had had to face.  
That evening as they settled in for the night, Tristan and Kile drew their new charges aside.  Tristan said, "you all ride for Astoria of your own volition and may choose to leave whenever you wish.  While you are in our company, the Lady has asked that we oversee your activities.  I am proposing that as we travel we put the time to good use and start the lessons you will undoubtedly continue once we reach Astoria.  We will continue your training in various martial skills, but also as we ride you will be encouraged to listen to the wisdom that the elder Brethren have to impart.  If you do not wish for such activities, you should turn aside soon, for this is what will be required of you should you choose to remain long in Astoria.  In Astoria everyone is expected to be productive and helpful, there are no casual observers.  Visitors come for a short while but soon leave.  Those who wish to stay must find something productive to do.  Any questions?"  The boys were too mystified to complain.  They had seen this whole outing as some grand lark, but suddenly began to realize that something was actually expected of them.  However, that is something many of them had been searching for all their lives.  One reason many of them had set out was in search of some purpose; they longed for someone to expect something of them, which would give them something to aspire to.  At home they had been ignored or thought too ignorant or unmotivated to make anything of themselves.  Finally someone had expectations and they were willing and eager to rise to the occasion.
The first few days were rough, the boys wanted to squabble amongst themselves and were reluctant to pitch in with the chores.  After much trouble on the parts of Kile and Tristan, they soon had the boys come to understand that they would not be allowed to continue with the journey if they did not behave appropriately.  It had never occurred to them that they might not be allowed to finish the journey; their behavior soon became far more tolerable.  Of an evening, they were drilled on their sword techniques or on the finer points of fighting without a weapon; after full dark the whole company listened intently as one or another of the Brethren told a story or shared a song.  As they rode, the elder Brethren were more than happy to share their wisdom with the boys, including Tristan and Kile.  It seemed their days as students were not yet at an end, though they had long ago ceased to wear the uniform.  The Lady expected all of her servants to be lifelong learners.  She smiled in approval as she watched her two youngest servants working with the former captives; it was a relationship beneficial to all.  
At last they again rode upon Astorian soil.  They glimpsed a distant patrol as they crossed the border.  The whole patrol drew rein and saluted as the Lady and her party passed.  Only after her passing did they continue on their assigned route.  By evening they reached the city itself.  As the Lady rode through the gates, the guards bowed deeply.  As they rode through the streets the crowds parted and watched reverently as their beloved leader passed.  While Astoria housed many of the Brethren at any given time, Astoria herself was home to many more folk who had not taken the Oath yet held the Master and His Truth close to their hearts.  While Tristan and his Brothers were off keeping the world safe, these common folk were busy with the equally important task of raising their families and loving their neighbors.  It was they that kept the wheels of society, and the world itself, turning smoothly.  The guards upon the castle gates bowed deeply as the Lady passed.  The courtyard was alive with the clatter of hooves, the scurrying of servants, and the busyness of people dismounting and unpacking after a long journey.  Soon the horses were whisked off to the stables and the unicorns were gone about their own business.  Most of the returning Brethren had disappeared on other errands.  The Lady had also withdrawn to her own chambers.  Tristan and Kile were left alone with their charges, but not forgotten.  The boys were shown where they would be sleeping and then after a brief chance to clean up, were taken to the dining hall for supper.  
 
There was much excitement among the crowd gathered for the evening meal over the return of the Lady and her party.  The students were very curious about their new comrades and were soon asking questions and being asked many questions in return.  Tristan exchanged amused grins with Kile as both left their charges in the hands of the students for a time.  Phelps found them and quickly updated them on recent happenings in Astoria (none of which was very exciting).  He was amazed to hear the details of their latest adventure.  
After the tale, he said to Tristan, "why are you ever falling into the hands of bandits, slavers, and other unsavory characters?  Life would be much safer and longer if you simply found a nice stuffy library somewhere and buried yourself in a pile of books."  
Tristan laughed, "I would probably suffocate or die of boredom.  While I love to learn new things, I am also greatly in need of physical work as well."  
Phelps rolled his eyes as if his friend were a fool, but said, "I suppose we each enjoy different pursuits else all the work would not get done."  
Kile laughed, "I would hate to have an army of Philosophers trying to ward off the forces of darkness with nothing but a stack of books.  I do not think any foe has ever died of a paper cut.  Though I would also hate to see a group of Warriors trying to debate a bunch of politicians with nothing but their swords."  
Tristan smiled, "I am sure Phelps' sword is as sharp as yours Kile.  I also think there is more to you than a sword; you have a sharp mind when you choose to use it."  
"Always the one seeking to find a peaceful solution," smiled Kile, "you should be a diplomat."  
Tristan smiled, "I am when needed, but also a warrior or scholar as well.  That is why I am a Messenger.  I am what I must be at need."  
"I thought it was just because you could not make up your mind?" laughed Kile.  
Tristan laughed as well, "perhaps there is more truth to that than I care to admit."
It was hard to remember that the man with whom they laughed was yet an apprentice, though he was at least ten years their senior.  Piper found them after the meal and drew them aside to a private place to talk.  She said, “Tristan, the Lady wishes that tomorrow you might introduce these new students of yours to Astoria and our ways.  Are you up to such a task?”  The boy nodded.  “Good,” said she, “Kile you will be assisting the Swordmaster with lessons.  There is also something you two need to remember.  I know you feel closer to the apprentices than to the Brethren both in age and experience, but you must not forget that you are no longer numbered among the apprentices and can no longer act as if you are.  You must be an example and an authority figure in their eyes.  Laughing with them as if you are old friends does nothing to encourage this.  If they see you as a friend rather than a leader, they will be unable to respect your authority, your wisdom, and your orders.  This is not to say that they are not wonderful and interesting people, but just that propriety must be maintained.  One day they will no longer be apprentices and then you may interact with them as you wish, but as long as they are under your authority you must not become too chummy lest you undermine your own authority.  You two would also be well-served to cultivate friendships amongst the older Brethren, we have much we could teach you.  I know this time of transition is difficult for you but it is a path we all must take.”  
“Thank you for your advice,” said Tristan sheepishly, “I will try to do better in remembering it!”  Kile nodded as well but dared not speak for fear of losing control of his carefully neutral facial features.  Piper looked pleased and bid them goodnight.  
Kile looked at his friend and said, “this is an awkward stage is it not?”  Tristan could only laugh, remembering when he could not wait for such a time as this, and now wishing it were less complicated.  He supposed everyone experienced this sort of transition as they moved from childhood into the adult stage of their lives.
Morning came and found Tristan patiently waiting for the new students to finish their preparations for their first official day in Astoria.  After breakfast (for which they were not too late), he took them on a tour of the castle and the city.  Afterwards, they found themselves on the great lawn upon the crown of the hill atop which the castle and the city perched.  A few unicorns grazed contentedly, but otherwise they were alone.  Tristan thought this perhaps the best spot to share the story that all who came to Astoria must eventually hear, the story that formed the very heart of the Brethren’s purpose and beliefs.  After all, it was the very spot where the peculiar tale took place millennia ago.  The students seated themselves in the grass and enjoyed the bright sunshine and pleasant breeze that played through the meadow.  Off to one side gaped the great fissure in the earth; several of them eyed it with a mix of curiosity and trepidation.  There was something unnatural about the rent that made one uneasy if one did not know the story behind it, and even then it was not a place where one could sit at ease and not think about what had come to pass in that place.  Tristan began, “you have chosen to remain here, at least for a time.  I will tell you the tale of the beginnings of the Brethren and of Astoria itself, but even more importantly I will tell you of the Master and what happened upon this very spot many, many years ago in the age when men were not yet full of evil thoughts.  This is the story as it has been passed down among us from the very Beginning:

  ‘Long ago, when the world was young and men still walked in innocence, an ancient king made an alliance with the terrible god of war.  In exchange for the life of his maiden daughter, he would receive power to conquer all the kingdoms of men and have dominion over all mortal lives.  The night was dark with neither star nor moon giving light or hope to those who gathered upon the face of that forbidden hill to commence with their evil deed.  The king had gathered all of his generals and advisors to stand as witnesses.  The girl was brought forward and the hood removed from her head.  A single tear rolled down her cheek as she stared with pleading eyes into the cold and remorseless depths of her father’s eyes.  She saw neither love nor regret there, only a thirst for power beyond the reach of mortal ken.  He drew forth a cruel knife from a sheath of black leather.  Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him.  He approached the girl with a cruel and mirthless smile and raised the blade to strike.
He was thrown back from the girl and blinded by a cold light, and all standing around the pair fell to the ground in fear.  Like a bolt of lightning, a bright and terrible figure stood between the man and his prey.  The king regained his footing with a sneer and a triumphant laugh.  “You have no authority here,” he scoffed, “be gone before I become violent.”  
The light receded slightly and those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow.  The figure reared up on its hind legs and pawed the air.  He appeared in the form of a horse but with the awe reserved for a charging bull or roaring lion.  Then he spoke, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the figure.  
“What can you possibly offer me,” growled the king with the light of avarice in his eyes.
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the mysterious figure.  
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the figure.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the figure.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” roared the figure.  He swept the child onto his back and as the light disappeared over the rim of the hill called back, “in one hour I shall return.”

For a time the girl clung silently to the back of her rescuer but as the horror of what she had so nearly escaped sunk in she began to sob uncontrollably.  “Do not weep little one,” said the figure, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he softly.  A sense of immense peace fell upon the girl and dried her tears.  Shortly, they approached a small cottage by the edge of a little stream that chattered invisibly in the night.  A woman emerged from the door and wrapped a blanket around the quivering form of the girl.  She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house.  The girl fell into bed and knew no more that night.  The woman stared into the darkness, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Within the hour agreed upon, the figure returned to that forsaken hilltop.  His light was dimmed to the slight flickering of a dying candle.  He stood before the men with a drooping head but a righteous fire blazed in his eyes.  The king laughed him to scorn, drew his blade, and approached the apparently cowed creature.  Steel flickered in the light as the blade struck home.  The light dimmed and went out.  As if from a vast distance, a great wailing cry rent the night, as if the earth itself had been mortally wounded by the blow.  A wind came howling out of the west and clouds blotted out the sky.  Darkness engulfed the world, lightning flashed in the heavens, and thunder rolled as if all creation reared up in fury at the atrocity that had occurred.  The hill itself began to roll like a wave on the sea and split in two.  The men were thrown from their feet and retreated in confusion and fear from the horror before them.  Their horses reared and snorted, broke loose, and disappeared into the storm.  
“What have you done!” roared one general over the wind.  “
I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  A panic spread among them and all fled into the darkness.

The next morning, the girl rode up the accursed hill hoping to find some trace of her rescuer.  She found the vile blade broken in two, but no sign of the mysterious glowing figure.  She dismounted and peered with dismay into the gaping chasm that had once been the heart of the hill.  “What is it you seek?” asked a voice behind her.  
With a shriek of pure joy she flung her arms around the figure that now stood at her shoulder, glowing like the sun.  “You are alive!” she said.  
“Yes,” said he simply.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure you had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
“My life cannot be taken against my will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down my life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood offered willing in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.  Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, even his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate evil and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
The girl fell sobbing at his feet, feeling in herself the dreadful truth she had just heard spoken.  It was as if something inside her had been torn or ripped away and she was left with a gaping hole, much like the defiled face of the hill.  Looking up into his eyes, she said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said he, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose you?” she asked hesitantly.  
A smile crept over his face and the whole hillside seemed to laugh with joy.  “Of course,” he said.  “After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  
The girl ran over to the horse which had strayed and was happily nibbling at weeds upon the far side of the hill.  She led the beast towards the figure.  The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared, trying to avoid the glowing figure before him.  “Do not be afraid my simple beast,” said the figure, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The figure turned his side towards the girl and for the first time she saw the gaping wound in his side.  From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood.  She gasped in horror and drew back.  “Do not be afraid,” he said, “this is the price of last night’s adventure.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of my blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  Hesitantly the girl complied.  Almost reverently she poked a finger into the sliver stream and placed a drop of the precious fluid into the horse’s mouth.  
An indignant snort was followed by a blinding flash.  She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn.  The sorrel coat had become white as the snow; wisdom and fire were in his once placid and simple eyes.  Cloven hooves of silver had replaced his single hooves of grey.  A silver horn protruded proudly from his forehead.  He shook his head in disgust a few times and looked with dismay at the girl and the glowing figure.  
“Remove his bit,” laughed the figure.  The girl complied and the unicorn seemed much happier.  “Now it is your turn,” said he.  The girl looked with shock and disgust at the gaping hole in the figure’s side and turned pleading eyes to his.  “If you really wish to serve me, you must taste of my blood,” he said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to me and my purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in doing so you are also swearing to serve me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  
She nodded and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her.  A deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal mind blossomed in her heart.  She had changed as much as the horse.  
“Now,” said the figure,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once my greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant me as The Master of All.  He was banished from my presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made little progress in his war against me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from me seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war a war that has raged since before the world began, there can be no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of all things, but I have given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose the evil I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.   It is up to you, and those like you: my servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be great heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to my enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final day, you are all that stands between the world and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for me and try to fill the gap with all sorts of vain things.  You must tell them the truth of what you have seen.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by my blood it can be healed.”
The girl had been held spellbound by the tale.  The light around the figure dimmed a little, just enough so that she could make out his full form.  She had glimpsed a horse-like figure last night and this morning, but now saw him fully, as if a fog had lifted.  He was similar to the unicorn standing at her shoulder, but taller and more terrible; his horn and hooves were of gold and he glowed with the very light of the sun. 
“Your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of my servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world but I will be found by those who seek me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  With that he seemed to glow brighter and as the sun topped the head of the hill, vanished into the blinding rays.’

“That girl was Astoria and it was she who founded the Brethren and became the first Lady to lead us,” continued Tristan, “it is that story that forms the very foundation of who we are and what we do.  It is possible to serve the Master without taking the Oath, but for such service as the Brethren must render, one must truly be called to sacrifice all hopes, dreams, and aspirations to the will of the Master and the Lady.  While in Astoria you will learn many things and if you wish it, may one day take the Oath, but you are never required to do so.  Stay as long as you wish and if you have any questions about anything, any of us would be happy to answer them.”  
The students stared at the young man before them.  They had been transfixed by the story and for a moment had forgotten where they were and why.  Many had heard parts of the tale or a paraphrased version, but those were easy enough to dismiss as myth or wishful thinking.  It was quite another matter to sit in this place and hear the tale in full by one who knew it well and believed it with all his heart.  Even for those that never took the Oath, it remained long afterwards a vivid memory in their hearts.  The sun was nearing its midday peak and Tristan herded them off to the dining hall for lunch.  They were a silent and thoughtful bunch as they mulled over what they had just heard.  After they had eaten, he found everyone chores to do until supper and then after a time of lively chatter it was off to bed.  The next day, the students were to begin the basic gamut of classes assigned to the novice students, though modified for each student’s previous experiences and interests.


Chapter 14

Tristan was just finishing breakfast when a servant beckoned him into the Lady’s presence.  He made his bows as he entered the chamber and was taken aback by her guest.  A man in the uniform of the Order stood arrogantly before the Lady.  The Lady said as he entered, “Captain, this is the young man that was present at the time your comrade was so impressed by our choice of mount.  Tristan, this man wishes to procure a small breeding herd of unicorns for use by the Order.  Captain?”  
The man smiled arrogantly and said, “you apparently encountered one of my colleagues in the far west when they recaptured the fortress in the foothills of the Impassible Mountains.  The man has since been raving that the Order needs to procure unicorns of all things.  Most of us think him mad, we all know they are either myths or extremely rare, seldom glimpsed by mortal eyes.  But enough of my superiors have heard his ravings about the beasts that they have become curious and wish further inquiry into the matter.  The Lady thought you might advise me on such matters.”  Tristan looked to the Lady and she nodded.  
Tristan said, “what is it you wish to know?  We tried very hard to impress upon your colleague that they are thinking creatures and not mindless beasts.  Apparently we have failed in our attempt.  We would not even have revealed their true identity had we not been forced by his insistence that he take our mounts for himself.  He even tried to force his attentions upon them but was deterred in his attempts.  He eventually let us leave when we proved to him that they would serve no man save by their choice.  No whip, bit, or bridle can tame them and no man can catch them unless they will it so.  They are a wise and learned race and not to be treated as mere livestock.”  
The man smiled greasily and said, “that may be so but I am ordered to look into this matter thoroughly and will not leave until I am convinced of the truth.  I am not even sure the creatures truly exist.  And if they do exist, and are as wise as you claim, would they not be willing to carry a member of the Order as freely as they seem to serve you Brethren?  Should not the Order of the Unicorn be mounted upon its namesake?  Why should such a reclusive and peculiar sect as yourselves have all the glory?  It is ours by right!”  
Tristan looked to the Lady and she said, “do as you must to convince my tiresome guest.”  The man looked irritated at the lack of respect due his title, but said nothing.  
Tristan sighed, “then come see for yourself what your comrade would not see.”  He made his bows to the Lady and led the irksome man from her presence.  She smiled amusedly after the boy.  Tristan led the man out into the stableyard and summoned Aria to him.  Thankfully she was not far away and came trotting up just as they entered the stable.  She greeted Tristan with a happy whicker and gave his companion a look speaking strongly of distaste.  She allowed the boy to tack her up, but kept glancing suspiciously at the Captain.  The Captain saddled his own horse and together they rode out of the city.  
The man said, “so when do I get to see one of these fabled beasties?”  
Tristan laughed, “what do you think I am riding?  Is it not odd that a horse would come running just as we entered the stableyard?  They are very careful in who they allow to see them in their true form.”  The man gaped at the ordinary looking horse upon which the boy sat.  They left the city and found a semi-private spot in the meadow surrounding the city, well away from the walls and the houses and shops that had sprung up around it.  Tristan explained the situation to the mare; she flicked an ear and lashed her tail in a bored manner.  She refused to let the man see her as she truly was.  Tristan looked embarrassed and said, “she refuses to show her true form to you.”  
The man sneered, “I doubt she is what you say!  You just have a well-trained horse and this whole thing is a charade.”  The man’s taunt had the intended effect and irritated the mare into revealing what she truly was, if only briefly.  She laid back her ears and for a moment a rather grumpy unicorn stood before him before resuming her ubiquitous sorrel coat.  He smiled, “you have proved they exist.  This is quite a feat.  How is it accomplished?”  
Tristan shrugged, “they have some strange traits that seem bred into them.  Now will you also believe that they will not agree to your little scheme?”  
The man laughed, “I have yet to explain it to her.”  He then proceeded to explain in detail the plans of the Order for the unicorns, should they get their hands on any.  The sight of a man giving a detailed report to a horse would have been quite amusing in different circumstances.
“What do you think?” asked the man of the mare.  She laid back her ears once more and shook her head.  Her answer was obvious.  He turned to Tristan and asked, “why is it they will serve you but not us?”  
Tristan laughed, “the partnership between the Brethren and the unicorns goes back to the very dawn of time and the origin of both.  They will not carry anyone who is not sworn to the Master unless their master bids it in a dire situation.  If you wish to gain such a mount you must first surrender your life to the Master.  Else it will never be.”  
The man sighed, “I am not foolish enough to approach her without her consent as my misguided colleague did.  I can see from here that she is no dumb brute.  Is there not another one I could speak with?  Perhaps it is just this particular creature that is being stubborn?”  
“We can try,” said Tristan, “let us ride back into the city and see who is about.”  They mounted and rode back to the castle.  As they rode into the courtyard, a patrol was just saddling up to ride out.  Tristan explained the situation to the six men and all gave him a skeptical look, but allowed the man to address their mounts.  The six creatures listened patiently; Aria shook her head and rolled her eyes.  
After he had finished, the Captain asked the creatures, “anyone interested?”  Each one stared at him blankly.  The man sighed, “I did try, though I wish my superiors could see this response.  I do not think they will believe me when I tell them.  There are some who are more worried about the glory due them than about anything else.  They would put these noble creatures to poor use.  I thank you for your time and trouble.”  He bowed politely and rode out of the city, hoping his masters would not think him as mad as the commander from the western garrison.  He decided they would never believe such a report so he would tell them outright that the rumors were false regarding the mounts of the Brethren and that the beasts were indeed just a myth; it was the only way to save his career.  The other man had already been locked away as a lunatic.
After the man left, the six men readying for their patrol shared a good laugh at the failed scheme of the Order and gave Tristan a hard time for allowing the man to indulge in such folly.  He laughed, “it has been my goal all day to convince him of the folly of his designs, but it took the six of you to finally drive the point home.  I thank you for your help.”  
He bowed politely and went in search of the Lady to tell the tale.  She was greatly amused, as she had expected.  Tristan asked, “is it not dangerous to reveal so much to one of his allegiance?”  
She smiled and said, “I doubt he will pass along what he has seen to his superiors.  They will not believe him and I think he values his rank too much to tell them the truth.  I suspect he will tell them it is all gossip and myths.”  Tristan nodded and was about to bow himself out when she said, “I know you had hoped for a few days to rest from your latest adventure, but I have another task for you if you are willing?  It will not be half so trying an assignment as your last adventure.”  
He smiled and said, “I am ready whenever you choose to send me.”  
She smiled and said, “very good.  I am sending you first to Vespera to collect Conrad.  Then you shall both make a circuit of the Eastern Realms apprehending criminals, judging cases, and otherwise maintaining order and dispensing justice.  Conrad needs some field experience and you need some experience in areas pertaining to the Law and its interpretation and implementation.  Between the two of you I think you will do an excellent job.  Conrad is the last of your little foursome to wear the uniform of an apprentice.  You shall be the one to inform him about his sudden change in wardrobe.  Tomorrow is early enough for you to leave.”  Tristan was very happy with his assignment and smiled broadly as he bowed himself out of the Lady’s presence.  During the course of the day he made his goodbyes to his friends among the Brethren and to the seven former captives.  The next morning he made an early start.
Aria was happy to be upon the road and unencumbered by normal horses.  It was far swifter to travel with only a unicorn and the journey to Vespera was quickly made.  At the gates of the palace, Tristan asked after Conrad.  The guards gave him a blank look.  He then asked after Brodric’s apprentice.  “Sorry,” said the head guard, “but we cannot allow anyone in on the authority of an assistant to an advisor.  You must apply to the advisor himself.”  
Tristan shook his head, “very well, apply to Brodric instead.”  
A servant was sent and soon returned saying, “he is not expecting a visit from such a youth, you must be mistaken.”  
Tristan sighed, “he may not remember my name.  When last I was here, I was but an apprentice myself.  Please say that one of the Brethren has come on business from the Lady.”  
The servant looked a little impatient, but said, “I will try once more but it is not my fault if he still does not admit you.”  
Tristan smiled appreciatively and said, “I understand and I thank you for your trouble.”  
The servant ran off again in search of Brodric and finding the ancient advisor once more said, “there is a young man at the gates claiming to be one of the Brethren, though I doubt anyone so young has any right to such a title.  He claims a former acquaintance with you and also says he comes on urgent business from some Lady or other.”  
Brodric shook his head, “who is this you keep bothering me about?  A few moments ago you said there was a young upstart demanding to be admitted under the authority of my apprentice.  I must know who it is, if only to satisfy my curiosity.  Allow him in, but make sure he is unarmed and well guarded.  I will meet you in the courtyard.”  
The man bowed and hurried off.  He ran back to the gate and said to Tristan and the guards, “the boy will be allowed to enter but must be well guarded and disarm himself.”  Tristan shook his head in amusement and agreed to comply with the requirements.  He handed his weapons over to the guards and Aria over to a stableman.  Four well-armed guards formed up around him and escorted him into the courtyard of the palace, as if he were a dangerous criminal.  As they entered, Tristan saw Brodric, looking more ancient than ever, approaching at a stiff walk.  The man must be very, very old to show such signs of age; the Brethren tended to maintain some semblance of youth until they neared the very end of their lives.
The youth bowed politely to his venerable comrade.  The man smiled, “you may return his weapons and give him into my keeping.  He is what he claims.”  The guards did as they were bidden and returned to their posts grumbling about people who could not make up their minds.  The servant looked annoyed that the boy had been admitted so easily and was immediately trusted by so great a man as the ancient advisor to the Queen.  
“You have come alone?” asked the old man.  
“Yes,” said Tristan.  
“When last I saw you, you were little more than a boy in the keeping of Ryder.  What has transpired in the interim?” asked Brodric.  
Tristan was silent for a moment, fighting back the pain of his loss and then said, “much has happened since that time, including the loss of my mentor.”  
“I am sorry,” said the old man, “it is never easy to lose so dear a comrade, but ours is not a grief that should last, for we have an everlasting hope.”  Tristan nodded.  The man continued, “the fact that you travel alone tells me that the Lady thinks you capable enough to no longer bear the title of apprentice.  What desperate business brings you to my door?”  
Tristan smiled, “it is not desperation, but I have come to relieve you of your own apprentice.  The Lady asks that we make a tour of the Eastern Realms.  She seems to think there is much we could learn from one another.”  
The old man laughed and said, “I am sure there is, though it pains me to lose the boy.  He has become quite a luxury in my old age.  It is nice to have a young pair of legs to run errands when your own are as stiff as mine.  Come, Conrad is buried in the Library.  It may take both of us to extract him; he has a ravenous appetite for knowledge, but even he cannot ignore a direct order from the Lady.”  The man smiled fondly as he spoke of the boy; they headed in the direction of Vespera’s great library.
They found Conrad devouring a huge tome of unknown title.  Brodric cleared his throat and the boy looked up.  He was at first shocked and then pleased to see his old friend.  Tristan smiled as the emotions played across the boy’s face.  Brodric said, “this young upstart has come to make off with my beloved apprentice and errand boy.  I thought to resist him but he comes under the authority of the Lady.  You have no choice but to go with him.  May the Master have mercy on your soul.”  Conrad was not sure whether to laugh or gape in shock.  
Tristan said, “the Lady asks that you accompany me on a tour of the Eastern Realms.  You are to teach me wisdom and I am to teach you how to use a sword.”  
Conrad laughed, “since I already know how to use a sword, you will have no trouble with your half of the bargain.  Though I do not doubt you are already in possession of some modicum of knowledge, if only a smattering.”  
Tristan laughed, “I thank you for the fine compliment.  Perhaps I should save my other news for a later time?”  
Conrad gave him an anxious look and Tristan finally relented, saying, “the Lady also says you are wearing the wrong uniform.  Here.”  From the saddlebag draped over his shoulder, Tristan pulled out the uniform worn by a full-fledged Brother and tossed it to his friend.  The boy caught it and gazed at it as if he did not quite believe what he had just heard.  Tristan and Brodric both laughed.  
The old man said, “shut your mouth before birds decide it is an ideal place to make a nest.  You have earned it.  You have been a fine apprentice, but it is time for you to go out and have your own adventures.”  They spent an enjoyable evening in conversation and left at dawn on the following day.  Conrad bid his ancient mentor a bittersweet farewell.  He was very excited about his next adventure, but would dearly miss the old man.  
As they rode off, Conrad said to Tristan, “he is very old and I do not think I shall see him again.  It will be hard to know that he is no longer in the world.  It is hard to lose one so dear.”  
Tristan said, “it is far from easy, but life will not wait as we mourn and ever we have hope of things beyond death.”  They rode on for some time in silence.  Tristan finally said, “I am not exactly sure what our mission is.”  
Conrad laughed, “it is the duty of the Philosophers to not only study the Law, Truth, and other knowledge and lore, but also to interpret and apply it to specific situations.  I am not sure how well the locals will take two seeming boys judging their cases or pursuing their criminals.  Usually what happens on such a circuit as this is that we visit with some of the local authorities and find that there is usually something we can do for them.  After a satisfactory outcome, word quickly spreads of our presence and soon we have people jumping out of the trees and coming out from under rocks to have decades’ old disputes settled or requesting help in apprehending bandits that are troubling their town.  We need only earn the trust of some of the locals and soon enough we shall have plenty to do.  We are not here to replace the local authorities but simply to deal with those situations that are more complex or that they cannot judge objectively."  
"So how do we 'mere boys' get started in earning the trust of the locals?" asked Tristan.  
Conrad shrugged, "that will be the hard part, but the Lady would not have sent us on this errand had she not thought we could accomplish it."  
Tristan smiled, "any ideas?"  Conrad shook his head and they rode on in silence.
They rode east for several days but could not come up with a good way to earn the trust of those they wished to help.  All they could do is ride east and hope some opportunity presented itself.  As they rode, Conrad often shared his deep knowledge of many things, which Tristan found fascinating.  At night, Tristan helped Conrad with his sword technique and other skills he had neglected while he worked so fervently to improve his mind.  The time passed quickly and soon they would be riding across the border into Arca, the first country they would visit among the Eastern Realms.  They could not physically visit every village and farm hoping to find some little problem to fix, but they could visit some of the larger villages and smaller cities, and after word spread of their presence, those in need could either find them or send word.
It was a sunny day late in the afternoon and they had not been long in Arca; they were hoping to make a large village by nightfall.  On the morrow they hoped to speak with the village elders and other authorities about their assignment and ask if they could be of assistance.  Tristan wondered idly what the learned and aged people they would address would think of two boys asking to judge their toughest disputes or track down some dangerous criminal.  Aria pulled up short, sensing the approach of men and horses.  Conrad's mount had stopped as well with ears perked and nostrils flaring.  The boys exchanged a glance and prepared to face their visitors.  Three men approached from the front and four came at them from the rear.  Aria sensed three more in the woods along the road.  The boys drew their swords but did not like the odds.  The men did not look to be friendly wanderers; Tristan had only ever seen such seedy and desperate men among the bandits he had encountered during the course of his many adventures.  Conrad had little experience with such situations and looked to Tristan for guidance.  
One of the men spoke, "hello lads, I hope you are prepared to pay the toll to continue upon our road."  
Tristan said, "what toll?  This highway is open to all who wish to travel upon it.  We have nothing of interest to you.  Leave us in peace."  
The man laughed, "you are feisty for one so young or perhaps just incredibly foolish?  We shall see if you have anything I may find interesting.  If you won’t oblige me whilst alive, I hear dead men are very cooperative."  
"Leave the boy alone," said another voice, "we have other business to attend to and it is obvious they are in possession of no great wealth.  If they go missing someone may take notice.  Let us be on our way."  
The first man laughed, "you could let them go if you were the one in charge but since you ain’t, the choice is mine.  Our business will wait a few moments.  Put away your swords and dismount, else my men will happily dispatch you and then we can search your carcasses."  Tristan looked at the second man who had spoken with questions in his eyes.  At that moment, Aria sensed even more approaching horses.  
Twenty armed men encircled the bandits, who still had the two boys surrounded.  The leader of the newcomers said, "all of you put up your weapons and surrender, we will use force if necessary.  You are accused of banditry and are hereby under arrest for said crimes."  The bandits looked to their leader and he smiled cruelly as he drew his sword and fell upon the soldiers.  Tristan and Conrad kept their weapons bared and had to use them occasionally to fight off an over-zealous bandit but kept carefully away from the soldiers.  
"Fight you fool!" snarled the leader of the bandits at the man who had spoken in defense of Tristan.  He and another man sat their horses close to the boys and did not raise their weapons to aid the bandits.  This did not surprise either of the boys in the least but confused the bandit leader no end.  Tristan could not imagine what Darrin and Grant were doing in Southern Arca; they had been off to the Northern Wilds when last they parted.  
Darrin said to the bandit leader, "these are no enemies of mine.  You are on your own, though if you want to live, sheathing your sword would be a good idea."  The man snarled and fell upon Darrin with a fury.  Darrin easily drove him off, the man thought better of attacking once more, and turned his attention to his rapidly dwindling men.  Five of the soldiers were unhorsed, but fifteen still looked ready for a fight.  Two of his men had betrayed him and the rest were either dead or had surrendered.  He did not think suicide an option so he too lay down his sword.
The leader of the armed horsemen said to the four who had sat out the fight, "you four must also disarm yourselves until we can straighten this matter out."  They did not argue and handed over their swords.  The dead were buried, the injured were tended, and the prisoners had their hands bound and their reins taken by the soldiers.  They continued down the road towards the village the boys had intended to reach by nightfall.  As they rode, Tristan tried to speak with Darrin but they were silenced by the guards attending them.  They continued in silence.  Conrad wondered if all field missions were this confusing and whether he was not better suited to spend his entire life in a nice quiet library somewhere.  Full dark came and the party rode into the village; the villagers surrounded the green holding torches and lanterns.  A large bonfire burned off to one side.
The leader of the soldiers said to the gathered townsfolk, "we have captured or killed all the bandits we found along the road."  A generalized cheer arose from the populous.  He turned his attention to his captives, "how many bandits were in your little band?"  The three bandits glared at their captor and remained silent.  
Darrin spoke, "there were twelve men in all.  Two are yet abroad and probably fled when they realized what came of their fellows."  
The soldier looked confused, "I counted twelve men in the group as we engaged them.  How can two yet be missing?"  
Darrin said, "the two boys have nothing to do with this rabble.  They were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.  They were simple travelers that the band decided to hassle when you fell upon them."  
The soldier turned to Tristan and Conrad and said, "is this true?"  The boys nodded.  
The soldier looked to the other bandits and said, "does he speak the truth?"  Their only response was a vicious sneer and utter silence.  "Very well," said the soldier, "release them and return their weapons.  We will not punish the innocent along with these renegades just because of ill-timing."  The soldiers released the bonds binding the boys' hands and returned their weapons.  The soldier continued, "as for the rest of you, you will be tried tomorrow and face the justice we mete out."  
He looked to Darrin and Grant and said, "perhaps we may spare your lives for not engaging my men in battle?"  
Darrin laughed, "who do you think it is that sent the message warning you of their intent to fall upon your village and allowed you to capture these thieves?  Spare my life indeed!  We are guilty of no crime.  We ride with them for the sole purpose of bringing them to justice and sparing innocent lives.  Long have I tracked these men out of the Northern Wilds when they were but five desperate and greedy louts who gained followers and confidence as they traveled south.  I have waited long to bring them to justice and this was the first opportunity that presented itself.  We have neither stolen nor killed, but have stayed the overzealous hand that would have killed or injured for no purpose other than a lust for evil.  Release us that we may pursue those two that yet elude justice."  
 The soldier smiled grimly, "a fascinating tale.  What have you to say upon the matter, oh silent leader of such repulsive fellows?"  
The bandit king smiled evilly and said, "far be it from me to allow one of my followers to escape his long deserved fate.  They did not fight you because they are either lazy or cowards.  Do not believe a word of what they say.  A thief is ever a liar, especially when desperate to save his own skin.  Perhaps you should not believe me either?"  The man ended with a horrible laugh.  
The soldier looked thoughtful and said, "tomorrow's trial shall be interesting to say the least.  I hope you have some proof of what you say else I may have to treat you as I must all the others.  It is a pity, for you seem an honorable man."  
"Sir," said Tristan, "if I may make a suggestion?"  The man looked at the boy in astonishment; he had forgotten the youth was there.  The man's silence seemed encouragement enough and Tristan said, "we have ridden hither for just such a chance.  This case is complicated to say the least and involves crimes that have occurred across many nations.  You will need an expert in the Common Law to help with the interpretation of local and national laws.  My companion may be the man you seek."  
The man was at first stunned and then laughed incredulously at the boy’s statement.  He said, "what would a mere youth know about the Common Law?  You speak truly when you say it would be helpful to have such an interpreter but that is the customary role of the Brethren and they are not often seen.  You ask me to take the counsel of a boy instead?"  
Tristan continued, "we are those you seek.  The Lady herself sent us on just such an errand to the Eastern Realms.  I ask that you allow us to sit in on the trial and if there comes a point where our knowledge may be of use that you give us a fair hearing.  The worst we can do is make fools of ourselves and you will have the ability to expel us from the proceedings at any time should you find us irksome or foolish."  
The soldier smiled, "if only for the amusement you shall offer, I will allow your request.  Though there is something of the speech and attitude of a wise and learned man about you though your face is that of a boy.  This intrigues me greatly; I look forward to the morrow."  
Tristan also added, "may I also suggest you house the two away from the others lest treachery erupt in the night?"  
The soldier said, "my thoughts exactly, but do not push your limited influence too far.  I am no fool and know my job."  Tristan blushed and said no more.  Darrin laughed.  Grant looked grim and Conrad nervous.  To study such things and discuss them with Brodric had been one thing, to expound upon them in front of a strange and potentially hostile audience was quite another.
The prisoners were secured for the night and Tristan and Conrad found a room at the inn.  They retired early, for it would be a strange day tomorrow.  Tristan longed to speak with Darrin but all communication with the prisoners was forbidden.  They awoke early, dressed in their uniforms, and appeared downstairs for the trial.  The tables and chairs had been cleared from the common room save for a long table with a bench behind it set at one end where the tribunal would sit.  There were five chairs set facing it where those on trial would sit.  The soldiers would stand about the edges of the room and the villagers would fill in where they could.  This was going to be more exciting than anything in recent memory and would be long talked of over ale of an evening.  
The captain greeted them with a laugh, "I see at least you have the uniform for your mad tale; we shall see if you also have the wisdom."  He pointed to the very end of the bench behind the table and they took their places.  The Tribunal would consist of the captain and four of the local leaders and village elders.  Once the Tribunal was seated and the audience assembled, the five men were led in under strong guard.  The three bandits looked grim, Darrin seemed highly amused, and Grant's face was unreadable.  The Captain would lead the proceedings.  
He said, "you are accused of banditry within the bounds of Arca and of crimes unknown far beyond our borders.  For said crimes and resisting arrest and inflicting death and injury upon my men yesterday, the punishment of death is warranted.  We may be lenient if you are cooperative.  I declare these proceedings officially begun."  Several witnesses who had fallen afoul of the bandits made their statements though no man in particular was singled out as a guilty party.  The bandits were then allowed to make their statements.  The three surviving bandits made it sound as if it were all a great misunderstanding and that a man had to eat, none of which impressed anyone.  
Darrin spoke for himself and Grant and repeated what he had said the previous evening.  Then it was time for the soldiers who had captured the rogues to speak.  They told the tale of their encounter with the bandits simply.  Two men had been killed and three injured.  Seven of the bandits lay dead.  They noted that the two boys along with Darrin and Grant had sat out the fight save in defense of their own lives against the bandits.  One man said he had seen the bandit king trying to attack Darrin but he was driven back.  "Is there any more testimony?" asked the captain.  All were silent.  "Then let us begin our discussion," said he, "I believe there is more than enough evidence to convict all five of banditry, if only by association yet we must give thought to this man's assertions that they are guilty of no crime save poorly chosen fellows and that for the sake of bringing them to justice.  Our laws state that a man caught with a band of thieves may be given the same punishment because even if he was not actively participating, he did nothing to stop such activities.  What says the Common Law?"
Conrad stood and eyed Tristan, who gave him a confident grin.  "Sir and honorable witnesses," said the boy, "long have I studied the Law, the Truth, and its interpretation and application.  It is traditional in such cases as these for the Brethren to stand and interpret the law when such questions arise.  I ask that you hear my words with good conscience and not judge them as coming from a mere boy but from a learned mind.  The final interpretation shall be in your hands, but I offer you what wisdom I have.  Your laws state that a man may be guilty by association if he does nothing.  This man claims to have acted to prevent what cruelty and wanton destruction that he could and also rode with these vile men in hopes of bringing them to justice.  He has accomplished this end, if only by alerting you and your fellows to the intentions of these brigands.  The Common Law does not hold a man responsible for another's crimes.  Each man must be punished for his own actions.  And, if his statements are true he is not in violation of your own laws since he did not simply stand aside and watch but was actively trying to aid in ending such unsavory activities.  All that remains is to prove the truth of his assertions."  
The captain smiled, "perhaps you are who and what you claim.  Now we must either prove or disprove this man's actions and intentions.  His lack of defense on the part of the bandits and his message to us speak strongly in his favor but is there no other proof?  All could simply be him seeking to save his own skin rather than intentionally working for the furtherance of justice.  Can no one testify to this man's character or integrity or intentions?"  
Tristan stood, "I can."  
The captain looked surprised but said, "after only a half-day's interaction?"  
Tristan smiled, "I have known him much longer than that.  It was he that brought me into such a trial as this, except then he sat where we now sit and I was in his place.  He of all men deserves least to be sitting on trial for crimes such as these.  Desperation once drove me to theft and he is the one that caught me and brought me before such a gathering as this.  They would have thrown me into the quarries to die, but he took an unknown and guilty boy and brought him to Astoria and gave him a second chance at life.  Anything that is good or honorable in me probably arose from his influence on my life.  I stand before you today because of him.  He is an honorable and dedicated man and is guilty of no crime that I know of, especially those of which he stands accused.  If a life must be taken this day, it would be far better if it were rather mine than his."  The crowd was silent as they mulled over these words.  
The Captain asked of Tristan, "are you sure?  The man rides with bandits."  
Tristan smiled, "this is not the first time he has fallen into the hands of renegades to bring them to justice.  The man who sits beside him was once a leader of a great band of thieves in the North Countries."  
The wide-eyed captain asked of Grant, "is this true?"  
The as-till-now silent apprentice said, "I was the son and heir of a great lord in the North and plotted the overthrow of my father and even our own king and used an assembled band of rogues in an attempt to bring it about.  This man and the boy were taken captive against their will and it was they that eventually led to the downfall of our scheme and my own capture.  I was divested of all title and rank and banished from my own country and taken captive to Astoria where I too found another purpose in life.  This man is not a thief or a murderer.  If a man must die here today, let it be me." 
The captain shook his head and faced Darrin, "you have two willing to die in your stead, what have you to say about that?  Would you accept such an offer?"  
Darrin laughed, "these two know very well that I would never allow such a thing if I could prevent it.  And they also know I would give my life to save theirs."  
The captain said, "their testimony is convincing, but how do I know all four of you are not in on some sort of conspiracy, have you any concrete proof that you have done nothing worthy of punishment?"  
Tristan smiled, "the man to which you speak is over a hundred years old."  There were many guffaws about the room at such an absurd statement.  Tristan continued, "upon taking the Oath and joining the Brethren, one of the Master’s many gifts is a lifespan that may reach three hundred years.  Upon breaking or violating that Oath, the gift is also lost and whatever your true age, it quickly catches up with you.  If he had done anything of which he stands accused he would not be sitting here speaking with us.  That he is alive is witness enough of his innocence."  
The captain said, "you claim this man as one of your colleagues and yet you waste my time with these proceedings?"  
Tristan shrugged, "it was you who insisted on this trial.  He specifically requested last night that you allow him to go free in pursuit of the two men yet at large."  
"So I did," sighed the soldier, "from your statements I assume both of these men are also of the Brethren?"  
Tristan smiled, "yes sir, and neither has done anything to violate their Oath.  In my opinion it would be a great injustice to leave them bound any longer."  
"Very well," said the soldier, "what is the decision of the rest of the Tribunal?  Shall we release the two who refused to assist the bandits?"  All four of the other Tribunal members nodded enthusiastically.  The bandits looked stunned and glowered in anger.  The captain smiled and released his distinguished prisoners, "if only all of my prisoners were this polite.  Please accept my apologies for the misunderstanding."  
Darrin smiled, "you were only doing your duty.  I do not wish to be rude, but time is of the essence if we are to catch the two remaining bandits.  I bid you farewell."  
Before he left, he clapped Tristan on the back and said, "you did well.  But I must be off.  I look forward to discussing your adventures when next we meet."  With that he disappeared out the door followed closely by Grant.  The crowd erupted in excited chatter.
It was all the captain could do to resume order.  The three surviving bandits were soon sentenced and the sentence was swiftly carried out.  After such things, he approached the two young men and said, "I thank you for your help in this matter.  Is there something I may do to assist you in your endeavors in the East?"  
Tristan smiled, "I think there is definitely something you can do for us.  We were sent into the Eastern Realms to help with such matters and also to pursue criminals or otherwise assist the cause of justice and peace, but our youth prevents us from being readily accepted as people able to provide such assistance.  Perhaps you could spread the word of what has happened here and help the people in need of our aid to not overlook us because of our age?"  
The captain was more than happy to help; the two boys had proved themselves more than capable in handling such things.  He sent riders off at once to spread the word to the surrounding towns and villages of what the boys had to offer and of his assurance that they were quite capable. They remained several days in that town helping to settle age-old disputes and simply speaking with people about any topic that intrigued them.  The riders returned within a few days and reported that other messengers had been sent off and that if the two young men were needed elsewhere, word would be sent to them.  Not many days after the trial, Darrin and Grant rode back to the village with their two captives in tow.  
The captain smiled upon recognizing them, "have I not enough villains to deal with without you going out in search of them?"  
Darrin laughed, "I just thought since you were a collector you would like the complete set.  I am also happy to see that you have not yet arrested my junior colleagues."  The bandits were dealt with appropriately and the four Brethren enjoyed an evening of companionship, but Darrin and Grant were headed back to the Northern Wilds with the sunrise.  They had not yet completed their patrol of that uncivilized country; this southern adventure had simply been to see that the bandits were taken care of before continuing on their assigned route.  Word had also come that there were several parties interested in having their cases heard by Tristan and Conrad.  They would be leaving on the morrow as well.  
Before they parted, Darrin said to Tristan, "I am glad you could return the favor that I once granted you."  
Tristan smiled and said, "what else are friends for?  May the Master ride with you!"  They waved as they turned their mounts and disappeared along the rode going north.  Tristan and Conrad headed east.



Book II



Chapter 1

Tristan rode slowly towards the capital of Vespera and mused on how things had changed (and not) since his last visit some twenty years ago.  It was odd to think that though he had spent two decades in service to the Brethren, physically it appeared that he had aged but little.  He appeared a man in his mid-twenties rather than a man well past thirty.  In that time he had had many adventures and survived so many impossible situations that he could hardly believe it himself.  His friends had also had many adventures in the ensuing years.  He wished that they could meet more often but such was their calling that they rarely encountered one another and then not for very long.  Emilia was somewhere in the Southern Kingdoms on a teaching circuit.  Kile patrolled the Northern Wilds, and Conrad had replaced his aged mentor as the Brethren's advisor to the King of Vespera.  
Once more he mulled over the strange mission that brought him again to the pleasant little country.  The King (the husband of the late queen whom Ryder had helped place upon the throne) was slowly dying of some chronic disease and feared for his daughter's life.  His brother was running the country in her stead until she was of age, but the ailing king feared that once he died his brother might do something desperate to the rightful heir to the throne.  The Lady dispatched Tristan to keep the girl safe; he would do so in the guise of the girl’s tutor.  He was to keep his true allegiance quiet unless absolutely necessary.  He looked forward to seeing Conrad again, if only briefly.  The day was growing old and he had some distance yet to go before nightfall, Aria increased her pace at the thought.
 As the sun disappeared in the west, he rode up to the gates of the palace.  He presented his orders to the guards and in due time was brought before the ailing King.  The man was too weak to leave his bed and was well attended by a bevy of concerned servants.  Tristan bowed formally and the King dismissed his attendants, who left very reluctantly.  "So you have come at last," wheezed the dying man, "I fear my days grow short.  You must keep Jenna safe at all costs and see that she gains what is rightfully hers.  I shall leave a letter in the keeping of Conrad explaining everything in case my witness is needed after I am gone."  
Tristan said, "your daughter's life will be dearer to me than my own."  
The failing man smiled, "thank you.  Now I shall be able to die in peace.  Whatever you have need of, just ask the Steward and he shall assist you."  Tristan bowed again and left the chambers of the King.  A servant waited to escort him to the King's brother and the Steward.  The King's brother sat upon the throne and the court attended him.  Tristan followed the servant before him and made his bows.  
"Come to teach my niece have you?" asked Gorvin from his regal seat, "It shall be as the King demands, though I see no reason why our own men of learning cannot handle the task.  I will see that you have what you need.  It is your job to see that I am not bothered unnecessarily."  Tristan bowed again and left the presence of the temporary ruler.  The Steward left his place in the crowd and led Tristan aside.  
"It will be I that you will deal with, leave their Majesties alone unless absolutely necessary.  I will show you to the girl and her nurse," said the stuffy man.  
"Thank you," said Tristan quietly.  They left the great hall where court was held and climbed high into one of the towers to a little suite of rooms where the princess and her nurse dwelt.  
The steward said, "your room shall be right down the hall.  The princess and her nurse are here.  My study is in the lower parts of the palace, just ask a servant.  I shall leave you in the keeping of Sonya, the girl's nurse."  The Steward knocked and the door was opened by a matronly woman in her middle years.  The Steward explained the situation and Sonya beckoned Tristan into Jenna's chambers.  The Steward made his farewells and returned to his duties.
Sonya greeted him as he bowed himself into the chambers inhabited by Princess Jenna.  “You must be Jenna’s new tutor?” smiled the woman kindly, “Welcome to Vespera.”  
Tristan smiled warmly, “I thank you for your greeting.  Is there somewhere we may talk quietly?”  
The nurse smiled as a young girl of perhaps seven came out of one of the sleeping chambers with a groggy but curious smile upon her face.  “We shall talk later,” said the nurse, “but first you must meet your pupil.  Jenna, this is your tutor and I expect you to listen and learn well else I shall have to send the poor man away.”  
Jenna and Tristan exchanged bows and the girl said, “I will be a good student Mistress Sonya, please do not send away my teacher.  I have wished for a teacher for so long.  I shall not disappoint you!”  
Both of the adults smiled and the nurse said, “I have no doubts in the matter.  You are a very good girl.  Now as such I think it is past your bedtime.”  The girl blushed, made a hasty bow of farewell and vanished into her room.  Sonya turned to Tristan and said, “you will have no trouble with her I think.  She is a very bright and eager youngster.”  
Tristan smiled, “I am sure she will be an excellent student.”  
Sonya then said, “of what did you wish to speak?”  They wandered deeper into the apartment and closeted themselves in the nurse’s small chamber.  
Tristan said, “I am not simply here to teach the girl though that is an important part of my mission.  The ailing king fears for her life at the hands of his brother and asks the Brethren’s aid in safeguarding his daughter.  I am here to see that no harm befalls her at the hands of her own kin.  If I send word, you must be ready to do whatever I ask at a moment’s notice.  All our lives may depend upon it.  I do not fear anything while the king lives, but once he is gone I do not think his brother will be long in acting.  For now, it may be best if you prepare for a journey that may last two weeks.  If you must flee with the girl, you will not have time to pack.  Take what clothes, food, and money you will need and place it in a set of saddlebags and hide them in a place that you can quickly access.”  
The woman looked grave, “I had fears of such things but hoped it was only the follies of an aging mind.  Your counsel is wise and I shall see to it immediately.  What will we do when the time comes?”  
Tristan shook his head, “our main objective is to keep the girl safe and then we must secure her reign.  Other than that I do not know, it will depend upon how her uncle decides to act.”  The woman nodded grimly and turned the subject to happier things.  They talked for some time that night about life in the castle and of things pertaining to the girl’s lessons.  Before parting, Tristan asked, “do you know where Conrad is quartered?”  
The woman smiled, “his chambers are not far down the hall.  He is perhaps the noblest of the King’s many advisors.  If only all men were so made!”  
Tristan smiled and said, “he has been a good friend though it has been nearly twenty years since we have seen one another.  Our duties keep us often apart.  If anything should happen to me, it is to him you must turn for aid.”  
The woman nodded grimly and then asked curiously, “you knew one another as children?”  
Tristan smiled, “we are not as young as we seem.  We both approach forty years of age.  The Brethren do not show their years like other men.”  
The woman nodded in understanding, “your face is of a youth but your eyes betray the wisdom of many more years.”  After getting directions to Conrad’s room, Tristan bid the lady goodnight.
He crept quietly down the corridor and found the indicated door, which was not far from his own miniscule chamber.  He rapped lightly on the door and it opened a crack and then all the way.  Tristan slipped quickly into the room ere someone saw him there and the door closed swiftly behind him.  The two old friends embraced and spent some little time in greetings.  Conrad could not quit smiling, “it is good to see you my friend though the circumstances that bring us together are far from cheering.”  
Tristan smiled ruefully and said, “there is little need of our services if all is going as it should.”  
Conrad laughed and said, “always the realist I see.  So what have you been up to these many years?  Not much changes here save the person on the throne.”  
Tristan laughed, “not much changes with me either.  I am still trying to save the world one impossible mission at a time; this is just my latest adventure.”  Conrad nodded in understanding and once again was thankful for his much quieter life.  He sadly thought that his friend would one day fall upon one of his many dangerous quests.  It would be a sad day but all of them knew the risks when they swore the Oath.  A Philosopher usually enjoyed a much longer lifespan than a Messenger simply because of the relative danger of their duties.  
Conrad turned his thoughts to less dismal topics saying, “I was called before the King not long ago and given a sealed letter that was to be opened only in dire need.  What does that mean?”  
Tristan smiled, “the letter should contain a record of his concerns about his daughter and the reason for my presence and possible future actions necessitated by the need to keep her safe.  It may be vital if things turn out as the King fears.  If something happens to me, I told the girl’s nurse to come to you.”  
Conrad nodded grimly, “I hope that day will not come.”  Tristan nodded in agreement.  They talked for some time but both had duties on the morrow and needed some sleep.  They retreated to their beds in the darkest hour of the night.
Save for a few midnight visits, Tristan and Conrad did not dare associate with one another lest Tristan’s identity as one of the Brethren become known.  The King lingered on in his illness for another three months.  During that time, Tristan daily taught the girl reading, arithmetic, history, riding, and even the sword.  Some were scandalized to have so young a child learning a weapon, but Tristan thought such things came more naturally if learned young.  She was also very vulnerable at the moment and he did everything he could to change that.  She proved to have a sharp mind and an eagerness to learn.  She was every teacher’s dream.  And such was the sweetness of her temper that Tristan wondered how anyone could have the heart to injure her in any way, let alone endanger her life.  
One man who greatly disliked Tristan and his duties almost from the start was Captain Marwin, the advisor to the King from the Order of the Unicorn.  The man looked down upon everyone except his own superiors and the King’s brother, who currently ruled in the ailing monarch’s stead.  Tristan noted sadly that the two seemed to be of the same mind on many things, including himself.  Both resented the King’s choice of tutor for the princess and neither man seemed to like Tristan personally.  The other inhabitants of the castle ignored him completely unless he was on some errand or other for the princess or her nurse.
He was not exactly a servant so was of no interest in that quarter.  The nobles could care less about such a personage.  The advisors to the King also had little interest in him save Conrad and Marwin for personal reasons.  The guards and soldiers knew him only as a person that was allowed in and out of the gates without having to give a reason.  Jenna greatly enjoyed her new teacher and he came to fill, in an odd way, the position vacated by her father when he took ill.  Sonya enjoyed his tales and company as much as her ward.  Hers was a lonely occupation and it was good to have another adult with whom to interact and converse.  She adored the child, but there are some needs a child is not meant to fill.
Tristan spent most of his time teaching the girl and the rest in devising plans of action for various situations that might arise once the king finally succumbed to his illness.  Marwin and the King’s brother seemed to await that day like vultures hunching over their dying prey: ever watchful and very hungry.  One day after a late afternoon riding lesson, Tristan led Aria and Jenna’s mare back to the stable while the girl and her nurse went in search of supper.  Tristan handed the horse over to one of the grooms but intended to see to Aria himself.  The groom finished attending to the mare and went back to shoveling muck.  After a thorough grooming, Tristan bent down and picked up one of the unicorn’s feet for inspection.  She had come down hard on a rock and was favoring the leg.  As he did so, he heard the door to the stable slide open and people enter.  He heard voices dismissing the groom and then the doors closed.  Since he was bent over, the partition of Aria’s stall blocked him from view.  The two men assumed they were alone in the stable and began the treacherous discussion that had brought them thither in the first place.  They did not wish to be overheard.  
Marwin asked of the King’s brother, “it is true then?  Your brother will not last the night?”  
The other man said, “yes, the healers say it is only a matter of hours.  I must attend him shortly but you know what must happen this night.”  
Marwin said, “it shall be as you ask as long as you uphold your part of the bargain.”  
The other man laughed quietly, “you shall have your garrison and I shall have the throne permanently.  I would rather my own men took care of this little problem, but alas all are faithful to the King and very fond of the girl.  I cannot trust any of them in this matter.  Besides, if things go ill you can always retreat to the safety of Panmycea and claim diplomatic immunity.  My men would have no such option and I would be forced to kill them or face certain accusations of treason, neither of which would be pleasant.”  
Marwin said, “and when shall we act?”  
The other said, “in the darkest hour of the night.  Kill the girl and her nurse.  Kill the teacher too.  I think we could blame the whole thing on him and say that you slew him justly in the act but came too late to prevent the tragedy that befell my niece.”  
Marwin laughed, “it shall be as you say.”  Both men then exited the stable and went their separate ways.  Tristan’s blood ran cold.  The King was not even dead and they already plotted to murder the girl.
Tristan waited a long time to be sure the two men would not see him leave the stable.  He immediately went to Jenna’s chambers and found the two preparing to attend the King in his last hours.  Tristan said, “tonight is the chosen night.  I overheard Jenna’s uncle and Marwin in the stable plotting murder this very night.  As soon as you are able, leave the King and take my mare.  She will let no one catch you but you must not use a bit when you saddle her.  Let her have her head and she will bear you to safety.  I will send word when it is safe to return.  I will remain here and do what I can to maintain the peace and secure Jenna’s throne.  They will come for you at the darkest hour of the night and you must not be found.”  
Sonya nodded grimly and fought back tears, “farewell my friend, I pray we meet again.”  
Tristan smiled sadly, “it may be so, but I will do what I must.”  The girl and her nurse then went to attend the King in his last hours.  Tristan went back to the stable to try and reason with the mare.  Aria was not happy either to leave her master or to carry others besides Tristan, but she could not abandon a child in need so acquiesced to Tristan’s request.  He bid her farewell and found a quiet place to sit in the gardens far below Jenna’s window.  From there he hoped to hear what happened in the course of the night in the chamber high above.  He dared not go back to his own room or be found anywhere else in the castle proper.  
The sun faded and the stars peeped out.  The crickets sang and the evening grew cool.  The moon rose and fell, and sometime well after midnight Tristan saw lights in the windows of the girl’s chambers.  He heard muffled curses and what sounded like furniture being moved and various items being smashed to the floor.  The would-be assassins were not happy to find their quarry fled.  Tristan smiled grimly.  The lights went out and then a light flared in his own window and the same agitated sounds drifted upon the breeze.  It was not long and he heard men in the courtyard and very soon the sound of retreating hooves.  They must have questioned the gate guards or the grooms and discovered that their prey was fled.  It was not long after silence resumed that Tristan wondered what he should do next.  The decision was taken from him as he felt a sword at his throat.

The King only lasted a little longer after the girl came to tell her father goodbye.  She clung to the dying man and sobbed, knowing that this would be the last they would see of one another this side of death.  The King’s brother and Marwin looked on with cold eyes that nearly glowed in anticipation.  The servants and guards tried to stifle their own tears as they watched their beloved master die.  Soon he was gone and the nurse escorted her ward away from the deathbed.  They disappeared in the direction of their chambers, but took a slight detour and came out into the courtyard by a back way.  Sonya found her carefully prepared saddlebags and saddled the waiting mare.  The groom wanted to assist, but Sonya sent him away.  Jenna watched curiously but said nothing; she trusted her nurse completely.  Once the mare was saddled, Sonya helped her charge into the saddle and then led the mare out into the courtyard, through the side gate, and into the night.  The guards watched curiously but made no move to stop the woman.  
Once they were out of the city, Sonya mounted as well.  She was not exactly sure where to go or what to do, but the mare seemed to know exactly what she was about and off they went into the night.  Sonya wondered how the creature could be so sure of its footing in the darkness but perhaps the moon gave light enough for the mare to find her way.  She also wondered where they were going.  It was strange to sit aback a horse and not know where it would bear you.  They rode long into the night and Jenna nodded off; Sonya clutched the girl tightly to her chest.  As the darkness yielded to a pale grey in the east, Sonya heard the sound of hooves behind them.  The mare stopped and turned to face those that pursued them.
Sonya wondered how the creature would face the three mounted men that came swiftly towards them with drawn swords.  The men yelled in triumph as they closed in upon their quarry; Jenna started awake and screamed in terror.  Only then did Sonya notice the black coat of their mount had turned to a pure white that glowed softly in the waning night.  A great silver horn adorned the mare’s head and she screamed with fury at the oncoming horses.  The animals went mad with terror and quickly fled, throwing their riders if they tried to hinder the animals in their flight.  Aria cloaked herself in the guise of a normal horse and resumed their own desperate flight.  Jenna smiled in delight to be aback such a magical beast: to ride a unicorn was one of her dearest dreams.  Sonya shook her head in wonder.

Tristan turned to face the man who held him at sword point.  It was Conrad.  “I must place you under arrest I fear,” said his friend grimly, “word is out that the princess is gone and feared dead and that you are the party responsible.  I have also heard it whispered that you will not long survive your arrest or that if you do, they will use whatever means necessary to extract information from you.  Both outcomes would be rather unpleasant.  At least in my keeping you shall face a fair trial and perhaps together we can see justice done for Jenna.  Is she safe?”  
Tristan glanced around and saw no one in the garden save themselves though anyone could be watching from a darkened window, hence Conrad’s sword.  Tristan reached for his own weapons and handed them to his friend, saying, “she and her nurse are safely fled.  Aria bears them to Astoria where they shall await word that it is safe to return.”  
Conrad smiled, “as good a plan as we could hope for on such short notice.  What do you know of this plot?”  Tristan told the little he knew.  Conrad shook his head, “the difficulty will be proving that you have not spirited away the girl or done worse.  I am afraid your testimony alone will not be enough to convict the King’s brother or Marwin.  We must also carefully consider what such news will do to the Kingdom.  I do not wish to push the country into civil war but neither can we allow such a traitor upon the throne.  Who shall reign in the man’s stead until Jenna can claim the throne?”  
Tristan shook his head, “I have no answers.  Let us pray the Master provides that which we need.”  Conrad nodded grimly and bound Tristan’s hands behind his back and together they returned to the castle and sought out the new King.
The King smiled grimly when he saw his quarry safely captured, “well done Conrad, perhaps I have underestimated your worth.  Take him to the deepest part of the dungeon and we shall deal with him there.”  
Conrad shook his head, “Majesty, I have heard fell rumors that this man will not get justice if he is so treated.  I fear that there are those who would slit his throat as soon as look at him or do far worse.  I am placing him under my protection until he has had a fair trial and then he shall face whatever fate has been justly appointed to him.”  
Marwin then came stalking into the chamber, apparently in a foul mood.  He had just heard from his returning underlings that the girl had escaped and that a unicorn was involved.  He scowled at Conrad and Tristan upon seeing them.  He whispered in the King’s ear and the man seemed ready to explode with vitriol.  He dismissed everyone save Marwin and the Brethren from his presence and said, “what is the meaning of this?  You cannot keep this man from my justice!  You have no authority here.  I have also learned that a unicorn was seen bearing away my niece, which must mean the Brethren are part of this plot against the throne.  This is treason.  I shall have both your heads.”  
Conrad smiled grimly, “and it is not treason to plot the murder of your own niece?  The Brethren have authority to administer justice wherever they find themselves when local objectivity has been lost and justice subverted.  You would kill an innocent man to cover up your own plots and murder your own niece simply out of greed.  There shall be a trial tomorrow and justice shall be done.  Do not bother threatening me, I have already noised it about that this man has been captured and will stand trial on the morrow.  We shall see who is found guilty of what.  Good night!”  With that Conrad bowed and turned on his heel with Tristan in tow.  Marwin and the King exchanged startled looks at the man’s audacity.
“Shall I have them disposed of?” asked Marwin.  
The King shook his head, “no, there have been enough questionable happenings this night and the people shall expect a trial tomorrow.  If they are disappointed in that they may start looking for answers elsewhere and considering things we do not want them thinking about.  Let us plan what we shall say in our own defense.  We have no proof of anything but then neither do they.”  
Conrad escorted Tristan back to his own room and barred the door.  He unbound Tristan’s hands and they spent much of the night discussing what might happen on the morrow.  Early the next morning, a great crowd had assembled in the courtyard to watch what would come of the disappearance of their beloved Princess.  The entire city was upset at the happenings of the previous night and the crowd was hungry for blood, the only question was, whose?  Finding an objective judge was difficult.  Conrad would have taken part, but if he did Marwin insisted that he also be given such an honor.  The King obviously could not be allowed to sit upon the tribunal either.  Finally one of the Generals and two aged lords were called upon to see that a fair trial was given.  The first thing to be decided was what exactly Tristan was supposed to be guilty of?  
The King stood forth and said, “my brother died last evening.  In the very wake of his death his beloved daughter and heir to the throne vanished.  Fearing for her safety, I had Captain Marwin send some of his men to guard her chambers that fateful night and they arrived only to find the Princess and her nurse gone.  What vile fate has befallen them I do not know, but I think the man behind their disappearance is the one who sits before you in bonds.  For months he has been working himself into their trust in the guise of a tutor, only to betray them for sinister reasons of his own.  My niece is missing and I fear the worst.  I demand justice!”
The General on the tribunal asked, “have you any proof of this man’s wrong doing?”  
The King said, “only that I have distrusted him from the first.”  
The General shook his head, “you have no evidence?  Not even a witness?”  
The King smiled, “my trusted advisor Marwin will offer testimony of what he has seen.”  
Marwin stood forth and said, “honorable members of the tribunal, it is with a heavy heart that I stand before you.  I have never liked this man and now I fear he has fulfilled all my darkest fears.  Our beloved Princess has vanished and I believe he stands accountable, though what vile gain he makes by such a plot only he can tell.  He knows well the use of a sword and was deep in the trust of the girl and her nurse.  Only he had the means and opportunity to commit this fell deed.  My trusted men were dispatched to see to the girl’s safety when we came to understand that there might be some foul plot against her but alas we were too late.  They found her chambers empty and this man was missing as well.  My men questioned the guards upon the gates that night and also the grooms.  They saw the girl and her nurse leave in the dead of night on a horse under very strange circumstances.  This man was nowhere to be found.  My men gave desperate chase hoping to catch the scoundrel before it was too late.  They caught up with the fleeing pair but the creature upon which they rode showed itself to be a unicorn, and upon revealing its dire beauty their mounts fled in terror and the beast escaped.  This can only mean that the Brethren are involved in a plot to overthrow the throne by kidnapping the heir!  We must prevent such treachery and declare the girl no longer heir to the throne, if she yet lives, lest she return a puppet of Astoria!”  
This caused quite a stir from the audience but the General said, “and your men can swear to this?”  
Marwin smiled broadly, “yes they can, as will the grooms and the guards upon the gate.  I do not know what threats or spells the Brethren used to coerce the nurse into aiding in the disappearance of the princess but their plots will not avail them.”
The General said, “Conrad, will you speak for the Brethren on this matter?”  
Conrad bowed to the tribunal and took the stand, “this man speaks truth that a unicorn bore away the greatest treasure in all Vespera in the heart of the night.  What he fails to recount is that the men sent to the girl’s chambers were not there to protect her but to kill her, her nurse, and the man who stands here accused thus assuring the King his throne indefinitely.  The girl was not kidnapped in some foul plot of our making but in a desperate attempt to save her life.  She shall be swiftly returned once the threat is safely past.”  
The General frowned, “you took this man into custody last night at sword point, why did you do so if he is innocent as you say?”  
Conrad smiled, “there were whispered rumors that he was to be killed immediately upon capture or sorely put to the question.  I took him into custody for his own protection even though I knew him to be innocent and acting only in the girl’s best interest.”  
The General nodded, “an interesting point.  Let the accused speak.”  
Marwin jumped up to object but the King pulled him back and whispered, “relax, they have no proof of anything.”  Marwin relaxed only slightly but resumed his seat.  
Tristan stood and bowed to the tribunal; the audience was silent with wonder over these strange tidings of treason.  Tristan said, “I stand accused of kidnapping the Princess but the only part I played in her disappearance was to give warning to the nurse that there were deadly plots afoot and she must flee at once.  I leant them my mare to carry them swiftly from danger.  I overheard the King and Captain Marwin discussing their plot in the stable yesterday evening ere the former King died.  I gave warning to the nurse and she acted accordingly.  It was the late King that requested the help of the Brethren for just such an occurrence.  He did not trust his daughter to his brother’s care after he was gone.  The Lady sent me not only to instruct the girl, but also to protect her from just such plots.”
“I object,” said the King, “these two are surely lying.  My brother had the greatest trust in me and my abilities.”  
The General said, “please resume your seat.  We shall hear your thoughts on these revelations shortly.  Until that time be silent.  Have you any proof of your accusations young man?”  
Tristan smiled, “Conrad has in his keeping a letter written and sealed by the late King ere his death explaining everything.”  Conrad produced the letter and the tribunal devoured it with the greatest interest.  
The General looked grim, “these are grave tidings indeed and the letter seems to corroborate everything.  But what of the girl?  I do not think it in the best interests of Vespera to have her a hostage in Astoria.”  
Tristan smiled, “she comes even now.”  He could sense Aria approaching.  Once they had confronted the King he called her back with all haste and asked her to wait secretly in the surrounding woods until he summoned her.  The girl and her nurse arrived safely in the middle of the proceedings upon the back of the regal mare in all her unveiled splendor.  The people backed away in fright and awe.  She approached her master and nuzzled him gently, and eyed all those present, daring them to come between Tristan and herself.  None was that foolish.  
Sonya slid from the mare’s back and helped Jenna down, saying, “you must release this man, he has done nothing wrong.  It is others that have plotted treason.  We are alive only because of him.”  
The General stood and said, “it seems we have nothing to accuse this man of as the Princess is returned and apparently unharmed, however I fear the new King and Captain Marwin have much to answer for.  The King’s letter also states that should his brother prove treacherous as he fears he might, then he is to be removed from the throne and a steward placed in his stead until Jenna is old enough to commence her reign.”  
At the General’s words, Marwin and the King stood and drew their swords, “this is treason!  Guards, seize them all!”  No one moved.  Such was the love of the common people for their former king and his daughter that they would make no move against those that stood between Jenna and harm, especially when the order came from a traitor.
The General shook his head sadly and said, “you are both under arrest and will await trial for treason against Vespera.  The King has declared that I, General Keat, will be Steward of the Throne until Jenna is of age.  I hereby strip the King’s brother of all rank, title, and privilege.”  
The man went mad with fury as the pronouncement was made and ran towards Tristan, at whose feet he laid his ruined plans.  Tristan’s hands were still bound and he was unarmed, but at his side stood a very protective unicorn.  As the man charged with drawn sword, she lunged forward and caught the blade upon her horn.  She screamed in rage and the man fell back in terror, but such was his fury that he ran at Tristan once more.  He had been warned and she was in no mood to suffer fools, this time her horn drew blood and still the man would not relent.  By now, the guards who had been standing by in astonishment rushed in and wrestled the man to the ground.  Unable to face his utter ruination he fought desperately, forcing the guards to kill him.  Captain Marwin had disappeared out a side gate during the chaos.  His underlings stayed behind to buy him time to flee, with their lives if necessary.  All looked to the new Steward to see what would be done about the fled Marwin.  
He shook his head sadly and said, “capture his minions and they will stand trial.  I am afraid the man is deserving of death, but I dare not mete it out lest the Order come down upon us.”  
Tristan said, “I shall hunt him down if you so wish.”  
The Steward shook his head, “I am afraid justice must be denied us for now.  We have the mastermind behind this plot.  Enough confusion has befallen us; I will not risk war with the Order as well.  But I can at least order your release.”  Conrad happily stepped forward and loosed Tristan from his bonds.  
Tristan turned to Jenna and her nurse and said, “these days will be remembered as some of the happiest of my life.  I fear I cannot remain any longer as I will have duties elsewhere, but it has been an honor to serve you both.”  
He bowed formally to them and made to leave but Jenna ran up and hugged him desperately, she wept, “must you go?”  
Tristan gently stroked her hair and said, “I shall truly miss you but we both have our duties, you and I.  You must learn well and become a great Queen to rule your people wisely.  I have others like yourself that need my help.  You would not have me remiss in my duties would you?”  
She shook her head sadly and said, “sometimes doing what you must instead of what you like is the hardest thing in the world but also the most important.”  
“Well said,” said Tristan warmly, “I shall visit if I am ever in Vespera again but you shall do very well without me I think.”  She smiled and bid him a fond farewell.


Chapter 2

Marwin rode hard for Panmycea and was not surprised when no one gave chase.  Vespera was a small country and very close to Panmycea, they had not the strength to stand against such a force as the Order could boast.  They would not risk open war by trying to arrest him.  He would have much to tell his superiors.  The Brethren were a nuisance that must be dealt with. They had the audacity to think that they were the sole source of truth and justice in the known world when it should be the Order that was looked to for such things.  As he suspected, his superiors were not pleased with happenings in Vespera but neither did they wish to risk war anymore than Vespera did.  A new advisor was dispatched and nothing more was said of the incident from either side though it was long before it was forgotten.  It was decided however that the Brethren were a problem and one that must be looked into more closely.  There had been occasional incidents in the past when the Order and the Brethren clashed; it was time they knew more of these meddlesome fools.
Marwin was sent to Astoria to see what he could learn of this mysterious but highly influential group.  The captain was not sure whether to be intrigued or irritated by the assignment.  He was to gain access to the city and collect as much information as he could, and if possible he was even to infiltrate the organization itself.  At least it would be a fascinating assignment.  After many days of travel he finally crossed the borders into Astoria.  He had changed out of his uniform and approached the city in ordinary clothes.  It was of the utmost importance that he not reveal his identity to the Brethren lest it corrupt his information by changing their behavior towards him or place him in dire straights due to his previous actions in Vespera.  He rode quickly along the road leading to the city only to encounter a half dozen mounted men in the uniform of the Brethren.  He reined in his horse and scanned the faces but saw no one he recognized.  He hoped that fool from Vespera had not yet returned home.
Two of the Brethren rode towards the stranger.  They bowed politely from their saddles and Marwin did the same.  “What brings you to Astoria?” asked the leader.  
Marwin tried to smile and said, “I wish to learn more of the Brethren.”  It was the simple truth, just lacking a few of the major details.
“You have come to enroll as a student then?” asked the leader cheerfully.  
Not having any idea what he was agreeing to, Marwin said, “yes, I believe I have.”  
The leader nodded and motioned to one of his men, or more correctly a boy verging on manhood, “Dorn please accompany this gentleman to the city and see that he gets an audience with the Lady at her earliest convenience.”  
Dorn bowed in his saddle and rode alongside Marwin, “I would be happy to escort you to Astoria and see that you find what you seek without further trouble.”  
Marwin tried not to glower at being left in the hands of a mere boy and said, “I thank you for your trouble but that is not necessary.”  
Dorn smiled ruefully, “I am afraid it is.  It was an order and neither of us has a choice in the matter.”  The patrol leader laughed at Dorn’s comment as he motioned for the rest of his men to resume their assigned route.  
Marwin sighed, “I guess we had best be going ourselves.”  Dorn shrugged and rode beside the stranger.  Nothing was said on either side.  Soon enough they reached the city.  The guards on the gate nodded to Dorn and his charge, as did the guards at the castle gates.  Seeing this, Marwin decided his escort was not such a nuisance after all.  
They rode into the courtyard of the castle and dismounted.  A servant came for Marwin’s horse but the boy’s mount was left to its own devices while Dorn was busy speaking to a waiting servant.  The man went running off and the two waited patiently for his return.  The servant came swiftly back and said, “you may escort this man to the Lady immediately.”  Marwin smiled and made towards the doors leading into the castle, but both the servant and his escort remained rooted to the earth and wore scandalized expressions.  
“What?” asked the confused knight.  
The servant said as if it were obvious, “you must leave your sword with the gate guards, sir.  You may not enter the castle so armed.”  Why did they not tell him these things immediately?  He surrendered his weapon as requested but noted with interest that the boy remained armed.  After he had disarmed himself the boy led him deep into the castle to a small audience chamber wherein sat an older but very regal woman.  Dorn bowed deeply and Marwin gave an adequate bow of his own.  The boy withdrew to one side of the door and Marwin was left to stand before the Lady alone.  It was a strangely intimidating experience though he would never tell anyone how much this little old lady overawed him.  
The woman spoke, “welcome to Astoria.  What is it that you seek?”  
He thought about lying but something in her presence and voice told him that would just be wasting his time and hers.  He had not expected to face down the leader of the Brethren five minutes after entering the city!  He just thought he would poke around the edges for a few weeks and see what it availed him.  He cleared his throat and said, “I was sent to learn more of your peculiar people.”  
She smiled slightly and said, “and who is it that sent you and what are you wishing to learn?”  
He took a deep breath and said, “recent events in Vespera have brought the Brethren to the attention of the Order of the Unicorn and my superiors wish to know more of their potential adversary.”
Dorn looked aghast at the thought of having brought such a man before the Lady.  The Lady laughed like an excited girl, “I thought as much!  Few are those who come to Astoria seeking to learn with the stride of a leopard and the attitude of a lion.  It is obvious that you are an experienced warrior and also that you are quite proud of that fact.”  
Marwin was surprised at her ability to discern so much when so little had yet been said.  He asked, “then I will not be allowed to carry out my mission?”  
The Lady laughed warmly, “we have nothing to hide and I am sure a short stay in Astoria will be of much benefit to you personally and even more so to your masters.  I would hope this visit might be the beginning of a better relationship between our people.”  
Marwin looked shocked, “I am very nearly your sworn enemy and you will let me spy on you knowingly?”  
The Lady laughed again, “as I said, we have nothing to hide and it may do you some good.  You must however agree to submit to our rules whilst you abide here.  If you break too many of them we will be forced to ask you to leave.”  
The man was truly taken aback, “but I am the man who fell afoul of one of your servants in Vespera and would have killed him had I the chance.  I was also involved in the plot to kill the princess.”  
The Lady nodded grimly, “Dorn go fetch Tristan please and bring him here, as this concerns him.”  The boy bowed and dashed out of the room.  The Lady said, “these are grim tidings indeed but I have already offered you the chance to stay here.  My offer still stands.  If the authorities in Vespera have chosen not to press charges then I fear we must abide by their decision.  As long as you refrain from committing further treasonous acts you will be safe while you stay with us.”  The man was truly shocked and could only bow in acquiescence before he knew what he was doing.
Before he could reply, the door to the chamber opened and the boy returned with Marwin’s old nemesis from Vespera.  The two Brethren made their bows and came into the chamber.  Tristan was aghast to see the man before the Lady.  The Lady beckoned Tristan forward and said, “it seems this is an old acquaintance of yours.  He has asked leave to spy on us for the Order.”  
Tristan said, “and what has this to do with me?”  
The Lady smiled, “I thought you should be warned that he is here and is not to be prosecuted for his actions in Vespera.”  
Tristan nodded grimly, “it shall be as you wish it Lady, much as it pains me that he escapes justice in Vespera and in Astoria as well.”  
The Lady smiled sadly, “it is not as I wish but as it must be.  If the Vesperans do not wish to prosecute him, what right have we?  While he stays with us he will be considered one of the students and will be treated accordingly.”  
Tristan bowed deeply.  She smiled warmly at the man, “if you have no further questions you may go.  I just wanted you to know of this man’s presence here rather than having you discover him by surprise.”  
Tristan said, “I thank you for your concern in this matter.”  He bowed himself out of the chamber.  
Marwin smiled, “you are cruel to your servants Lady.”  
The Lady smiled grimly, “I am not cruel to my servants but rather gracious to our enemies.  Tristan knows now how to behave towards you so there should be no further worry from that quarter.  You will be considered a student during the duration of your stay and will also act accordingly.  You will be assigned chores and classes and will be expected to attend to both to the best of your abilities.  You will also be respectful and obedient to the Brethren, the servants, and the apprentices.  If you fail to abide by our rules, you will be given a chance to rectify your behavior before you are asked to leave.  If these stipulations are too grievous you are not required to stay, but you cannot hang about and have no place.  If you are to remain you must have a place and a function.  Am I understood?”
Marwin said, “I still cannot fathom why you would allow me such freedom and access to your city and your people, but I will abide by your mandates.”  
The Lady nodded, “good.  I think you shall accompany Dorn for now.  He will also be happy to answer any questions you might have.  You shall attend his classes, help with his chores, sleep in his room, and otherwise do everything he does.  You will not be asked to ride patrol however.”  
“May I ask why not Lady?” asked the curious Marwin.  
The Lady smiled gently, “your horse will not be able to keep up with the unicorns the others ride.”  
“Oh,” was all the man could say.  
“Any further questions?” asked the Lady.  
Marwin shook his head, “I thank you for this opportunity.  It shall be interesting.”  
She smiled and he and Dorn made their bows and exited the chamber.  As they were leaving, the Lady said to Dorn, “please keep this man’s background to yourself.  It would only serve as a distraction to the others.”  Dorn nodded as the door shut behind them.
Marwin was silent as they went in search of Dorn’s room.  This mission was not turning out even remotely as he had anticipated.  He was a captain within the Order but here he was a mere student, but whatever it took to accomplish his task, he would endure.  They came to the boy’s room and a servant was already busy making up the empty bed and had brought the student uniforms Marwin would need in his new role.  The servant finished his task and left the two alone.  Marwin grinned ruefully at the folded uniforms that lay upon his bed, “she wastes no time I see.”  
Dorn laughed, “I would never underestimate the Lady.  Only a fool would do such a thing!”  
“So what exactly is your role in this place?” asked Marwin of the boy.  
Dorn shrugged, “I am an Apprentice, which means I have taken my Oath but have not the experience to be allowed out on my own yet.  I have not even been assigned a mentor.  Until that time I continue much as I did during my student days except I have a different uniform.”  Dorn asked eagerly, “are you really from the Order?”  
Marwin smiled proudly, “I am Captain Marwin, a Knight of the Order of the Unicorn.  Is there no system of rank within the Brethren beyond students, apprentices, and the Brethren themselves?”  
Dorn shook his head, “that is about it I am afraid.  We are not a traditional military organization.  We act independently for the most part and thus are far less dependent upon a chain of command, though at need there are various traditions and unwritten rules about who leads and who follows.”  
“How do you keep from succumbing to chaos without a strict set of rules and regulations?” asked the stunned Marwin.  
Dorn said, “we are bound by the Oath in service to the Master, the Lady, and the Brethren.  Any sort of discord or rebellion would violate the Oath and the individuals so affected would cease to be part of the Brethren.  The kind of problems you might encounter in your particular organization arise from selfish actions, whereas the Brethren must strive to act in the best interests of others, not just themselves, which in itself helps prevent many problems.  I know it sounds strange to one who is ruled by regulations beyond number but rather than have a list of laws, we must maintain a certain attitude of heart and the rest comes naturally.”  
“You are certainly an odd people,” laughed Marwin, “and it will take much study to fully understand you and your ways.  What is involved with the taking of this so-called Oath?  Can anyone do it or are there only certain people who qualify?”  
Dorn shrugged, “as far as I know anyone can take the Oath if they are fully aware of all that it involves and do so with a humble heart.  The Lady will not allow anyone to participate who is not ready.”  
Marwin frowned, “what happens if you take the Oath without a proper attitude of humility?”  
Dorn looked thoughtful and said, “I do not know.  I do not think it has ever been attempted.”  
Marwin looked astonished, “but how can the Lady know the attitude of a man’s heart?  Surely there are men who can deceive even she?”  
Dorn laughed, “one thing that comes of taking the Oath is the ability to know when someone speaks the truth.  The person may lie to the Lady but she would know it immediately.”
“I have encountered your people on occasion and it seems to me that the Brethren think themselves the only true source of knowledge, wisdom, justice, and truth in the world,” said Marwin, “do you also claim to be the only ones truly serving this Master of yours?”  
Dorn smiled, “one does not have to belong to the Brethren to serve the Master; we are all called to do so just in different walks of life.  Ours is just the most extreme of those callings.  There are also many sources of knowledge and wisdom and justice, but there are also many sources of folly and injustice in the world.  We strive to prevent injustice and expose foolishness wherever we find it which may be interpreted by others as arrogance, but that is not our goal.  Our goal is to help and protect others and by so doing we often make ourselves unpopular with those who would take advantage of such situations.”  Marwin shook his head, there was certainly much he had to learn of these very peculiar people.  The boy said, “it is time for the midday meal.  Perhaps you are hungry?”  Marwin nodded and the boy led the way to the dining hall.  
The dining hall was crowded, mostly with students, but there were a respectable number of apprentices and full-fledged Brethren present.  There was much lively conversation as they partook of the meal.  Marwin spent much of the meal interrogating his companion about every aspect of the Brethren that he could think of.  Dorn was more than happy to attend his first class of the afternoon, if only to escape Marwin’s intense questioning for a little while.  The class was actually taught by Tristan, though throughout his career he had only taught a handful of times.  He was usually not in Astoria long enough to justify starting a class.  He was surprised to see his newest pupil but said nothing.  He was not sure what he thought of the Lady’s scheme, but he understood her reasoning and must abide by her judgment.  After the lesson he watched Dorn and his shadow leave the room and go wherever the boy’s schedule next required his presence.  He smiled to himself and did not envy the boy his duty as shepherd to such a man.  
For two weeks the pair was seen everywhere Dorn was wont to be, save when the boy had to ride patrol, then the man was on his own.  During those periods he often wandered the castle or the city and spoke with anyone who struck him as a potential source of helpful information.  Thus far he had learned much of the Brethren, though nothing of any great strategic value.  They had a very strange belief system but he unwillingly found himself respecting their dedication and integrity.  He found them to be very polite, intelligent, and honorable.  Part of him almost wished to join them but he had found his place within the Order and there he was determined to remain.  He felt he had learned all he could from the boy and began to wonder if he should not appear before the Lady again with his few remaining questions.
The only areas that remained somewhat mysterious as regarded the Brethren were their so-called Oath and the relationship they shared with the unicorns.  As far as unicorns, the boy said they were intelligent and thinking creatures and served the Brethren of their own free will but as far as how the whole thing worked he could not be any more specific.  The boy had explained the Oath-taking and the various aspects of the Oath itself, but there was still much of mystery surrounding the whole affair.  These questions were vital to his understanding of the Brethren and perhaps only the Lady herself could answer them.  He had questioned an aged Philosopher once for a full afternoon while Dorn was off on patrol, but had come no closer to satisfying his own curiosity on such things.  He requested an audience with the Lady.
Three days later she granted his request.  He and Dorn presented themselves at the appointed time and bowed themselves into her presence.  She nodded regally in return.  “You have questions to ask of me?” said the Lady.  
Marwin nodded, “yes Lady if you would hear me.”  She smiled and motioned for him to proceed.  He said, “your apprentice has been most helpful and your servants most obliging in my quest but there are still two things that baffle me.  I understand the facts surrounding your Oath but I do not understand how it works.  I also do not understand the relationship your people share with the unicorns.  Can you enlighten me on either subject?”  
The Lady smiled, “even those of us who have experienced such things can tell you little more than we already have.  We do not fully understand it ourselves.  Some things just are and there is no sense in asking why is it this way instead of some other way.  Things are as the Master chose to make them and that is all there is to it.  It is not for us to question why He did a certain thing a certain way.  Why did He make the sky blue instead of pink?  We could philosophize all day about such conundrums and be no nearer the truth.  Instead, we spend our time in more fruitful endeavors rather than muddling over pointless enigmas.”  
Marwin laughed, “I then am sorry to waste your time with such frivolous questions.  I fear that my masters will have such questions to ask of me and I have no answer to give them.”  
She smiled and said, “I am sorry to disappoint you but there are some things only the Master Himself can answer.  We can only theorize.”  As she finished speaking, a frantic servant bowed into the room and rushed towards the Lady.  He exchanged quiet words with her, concern was written large on her face.  She said something quietly to the servant and he dashed off immediately.  
She turned to her guests, “Captain, I am afraid that you must wander about the castle alone from now on if you wish to continue your stay in Astoria.  Something has just come to my attention and your guide has business elsewhere.  I beg that you excuse us in this desperate hour.  Dorn you will remain please.”  
As he bowed himself out, Marwin said, “I thank you for your hospitality Lady and think I have learned all I can.  I will return home on the morrow.”  
She nodded distractedly, her mind elsewhere.  Marwin left and Dorn felt the awkwardness of being alone with the Lady, who was completely lost in thought.  Shortly Tristan arrived and interrupted the Lady’s reverie.  He bowed himself in hastily and stood before her.  Concern was plain upon his face.  She looked grimly at Tristan and said, “Darrin’s unicorn has just returned without his master.  He is frantic and wishes to return to aid his master as soon as he can.  Darrin yet lives but I do not know where or into whose hands he has fallen.  All I know is that he has been captured and bid his mount come hither to get help.  I had him ferreting out a group of bandits haunting the passes in the northern half of the Impassable Mountains.
They have been preying on those adventurous few who try their hand at keeping trade alive between East and West.  You two must go forth and see if you can find Darrin ere it is too late.  Once that is accomplished, if you can put an end to this banditry, all the better.  Dorn, I know you have your heart set on the Warrior sect, but there are few who can wield a blade better than Tristan.  For now I wish you to accompany him as his apprentice.  You may go and prepare for the journey.  You leave as soon as you are packed.”  The boy bowed and hurried from the room.  Tristan’s face was a study in grief and surprise.  Darrin was perhaps his dearest friend amongst the Brethren and he was amazed to find himself saddled with an apprentice so suddenly.
The Lady smiled in spite of her concerns for Darrin.  She said, “how long has it been since you have had an apprentice?”  
Tristan said, “I have never had one.”  
She smiled ruefully, “how ever did you manage that?  You should have had half a dozen by now.”  
Tristan laughed weakly, “it is you that sends me on all these dire missions; I thought you were only willing to risk my life and not the life of one of your youngsters.”  
The Lady smiled, “so it seems.  Well here is another dire mission and this time I am risking both your lives.  The boy has much promise and though he wishes to be a Warrior, I think he would do better as a Messenger.  He has the skills and the mind, but only lacks the confidence in his abilities.  Your job is to see that he realizes his potential.  The choice is still his but I would not mind if you encouraged him to consider other options.”  
Tristan laughed, “I will do what I can but do not think ill of me if I fail.  It is his choice after all.”  
She laughed and said, “that is all I can ask, may the Master ride with you!”  
Tristan bowed himself out with a heavy heart and quickly began his preparations.  Dorn met him in the courtyard with his things packed for the long journey into the Utter West.  Nahlar, Darrin’s stallion, waited impatiently for the pair.  He reluctantly agreed to act as their pack animal.  A packhorse would greatly slow them, as would stopping frequently to hunt or buy food.  Only his master’s desperate situation would make him deign to carry baggage but such was his anxiety that he would do almost anything to speed Darrin’s rescue.  Tristan hated asking such a noble creature to act in such a way, but such was their need.  Once everything was packed, they headed west immediately.  Nahlar could sense his master’s presence, though very faint, and eagerly led the way.  Marwin watched from his window high above and wondered what strange events were afoot.  He left for Panmycea the following morning.


Chapter 3

They pressed west as swiftly as they could, stopping only when absolutely necessary to rest and eat.  They stopped only reluctantly and begrudged every lost minute, but they could not make such a journey without such stops lest they succumb to exhaustion and be of no use to anyone.  Tristan mused on what had come of his former mentor.  They saw little of one another as their duties often kept them on opposite sides of the continent but they still maintained an extraordinary friendship.  Tristan glanced back at his new apprentice and wondered if they might one day share such a relationship.  He had often wondered what it would be like to have an apprentice but never really had time to fully consider the responsibility and repercussions of the proposition.
Dorn wondered idly how well he would fare with his new mentor.  The man was renowned for his ability to survive the impossible and succeed in his varied missions; it was intimidating and exciting all at the same time.  The man himself seemed approachable and friendly, if a little preoccupied with the disappearance of his friend.  Tristan wondered why whoever had captured Darrin had not killed him outright when they discovered who he was or what his mission was.  If they had not killed him, they must not know or care about such things but then why hold him?  Worries nagged the back of Tristan’s mind but he dismissed them as best he could and looked to the Master for strength in the present crisis.
There was little time for talking or practicing with one’s sword as they traveled.  Such was their pace as they rode and how little time they allowed for anything but sleeping when they stopped.  Their whole purpose was to travel as quickly as they could with all else coming in a distant second.  In less dire circumstances, the two would have talked as they rode and practiced the sword of an evening before the fire.  But these were certainly dire circumstances.  They pressed ever onwards into the west and within a few weeks had reached the place where Darrin had disappeared.  They needed to restock their supplies ere they tried crossing the mountains and Tristan wanted to ask the locals if they had noticed anything strange in the last few months.  
They stopped that night in a remote and independent village nestled within the foothills.  The village existed mainly because it served the few intrepid travelers who risked the mountain passes to bring trade from one side of the mountains to the other.  It was a lucrative business but also very risky as bandits and weather combined with treacherous terrain resulted in a very dangerous passage of the mountains.  You could easily make your fortune but just as easily not live long enough to enjoy it.  Only men afoot or on horseback could get through.  There was no way to bring a wagon across the mountains.  People had also tried using ships to bring trade around the mountains via the sea, but the sea itself was not inclined to peaceful passage any more than the mountains.  Some even claimed the mountains were easier than risking the ocean’s fury.  Tristan was no sailor and could make no case for either claim.  He would go wherever their path took them however.
After replenishing their supplies, they took a room at the inn for the night.  Tristan hoped to hear some rumor of things west of the mountains or of Darrin’s fate.  For an inn catering to travelers, there seemed to be no guests save for themselves.  An aged local invited himself over to their table and said, “going to try the mountains are you?”  
Tristan nodded and said, “that is our road.  Is there something we should be concerned about beyond the normal dangers of the passage?”  
The toothless man grinned, “aye lad.  There is much to be concerned about.  I would advise that you turn around right now and head back to wherever it is you came from.  None that have gone west have returned in the last year and none have come over from the other side either.  Something is dreadfully amiss.”  
“Do you have any idea what new dangers are lurking in the passes?” asked Tristan.  
The man shook his head, “no one has come back to say.  All we know is that all travel from east to west and west to east has stopped, at least on the northern end of the range.  The southern passages may still be safe.”  
“Have you seen any strangers or any strange happenings since the troubles began?” asked Tristan.  
The old man shook his head, “none save eager travelers such as yourselves.  We see them once and they never come back to tell the tale.”  
“Are there any other settlements or people to whom we might speak between here and the mountains?” asked Tristan.  
The man laughed, “no!  Why do you think we call this the End of the East?”  Tristan smiled grimly and bought the man another mug of ale.  
He smiled congenially and raised his glass to them, “here is hoping that we may meet again though if you risk the mountains you will ruin my toast.”  
Tristan said, “we must cross but will do our best to make sure that this is not our last meeting.”  The man looked doubtful but said nothing more on the subject.  
Early the next morning they prepared to leave; the innkeeper was able to provide them with a roughly sketched map outlining the best routes to follow through the mountains.  Tristan thanked him for his trouble and the man said, “I do hope whatever it is that consumes my patrons will cease or soon I will be without a livelihood.  I hope you return but I will not be surprised if you do not.”  With these somber words they set out.  Nahlar could sense Darrin somewhere on the far side of the range and they must cross to find their friend.  But to cross they had to face whatever it was that lurked in the passes, whatever it was that was probably responsible for Darrin’s disappearance.  
For several days they traveled through the foothills and the ground grew rockier and steeper.  Tristan did not like the idea of frequenting the more oft used trails but instead chose some of the more hazardous and thus less used paths.  He hoped by doing so to avoid unwanted entanglements.  They finally entered the mountains themselves and climbed ever westward until finally they reached the point where all travel seemed to be downhill.  They had come halfway through without running afoul of man or beast.  The mysterious menace that lurked in the passes had yet to find them and they it.  During the day, the unicorns passed silently along the little used paths and kept wary eyes and ears open for signs of danger.  At night they lit no fire so as not to attract predators of the human variety and trusted to the scent of the unicorns to keep all else at a distance.  According to his map, they would soon approach a point where they must either head south or north.  South would take them into the mysterious country of Westria while north would take them into uncharted and unclaimed lands that were bordered by mountains on the south and east and the sea on the west.  It was to that unclaimed country that Nahlar was leading them.  
There were many myths and rumors of the strange land to which their path led them, but no one knew anything for sure and if they did, they said nothing of it for their own reasons.  To get there by land one must travel not only through the mountains but also through dense forest and terrible swamps.  By sea it was just as dangerous, the weather was unpredictable, the coast rocky, and the forest ran down almost to the very shore.  It was the perfect place to hide if one did not wish to be found, and that was exactly where Darrin was.  Tristan’s only solace was that Darrin had somehow made it into that forbidding territory and that the unicorns could travel easily through terrain that would make a man on horseback think seriously about turning back.  
By now their maps were completely useless and they had to depend solely on the directional sense and path finding abilities of the unicorns.  The creatures easily found winding paths through the swamps and dense forest terrain.  They were continually plagued by biting insects, but they drew ever closer to Darrin.  One day as they traveled through a thick wood they came upon six mounted men, draped completely in dark robes.  The men seemed startled to see the strangers but wasted no time in drawing their weapons.  While they could have fought and possibly won their way out, Tristan doubted that all five (men and unicorns) would have come through unscathed.  This also might be the key to finding Darrin.  Nahlar and Aria seemed keen on giving battle but Tristan desperately called them to surrender.  They were not happy but obeyed.  They could wait and see the situation in which they found themselves and then fight later if necessary.  
The armed men surrounded the two Brethren and their three beasts and the leader said, “throw down your weapons and you will not be harmed.  Resist and you will be dealt a swift death.”  Tristan was amazed to hear a feminine voice beneath the voluminous robes.  He looked at Dorn and nodded grimly.
The boy wore a bleak look but did as he was instructed.  The woman said, “very good.  How have you come so far without being found?”  
Tristan said, “we have simply traveled through the mountains and have met no one upon the way.”  
The woman sounded perplexed, “you should have encountered one of our scouting parties if you had taken a main path and there are few who would dare the less traveled way.”  
Tristan said, “we had heard of some mysterious danger in the mountains and chose a less traveled route.”  
The woman said, “you are very wise or very foolish.  But it matters not.  Are there any more in your party?”  Tristan shook his head.  “What brings you into these forsaken lands?” asked the woman.  
Tristan said simply, “we seek a friend who vanished over a month ago.” 
The woman laughed, “fear not, you shall soon find him.  Follow and do not cause any trouble or it will be dealt with lethally.”  Tristan doubted not the sincerity of her words.  Two of the cloaked individuals rode either ahead or behind to scout.  Two led and two followed the captive Brethren.  They continued on the path that would take them to Darrin.  For two days they traveled like this, stopping only at dark to sleep.  Soon enough they came out of the mountains into a hilly country of thick forest and small fields and pastures carved out of the surrounding woodlands.  Tristan saw many men at work in the fields, tending sheep, or cutting back the brush that ever tried to encroach on the edges of the tamed country.  None of the men at work glanced up as the strange party rode past.
For another day they traveled along a well-maintained road and came to a small city of surprising size for such a forgotten place.  More cloaked figures stood guard at the gates to the city and looking into their eyes Tristan began to wonder if all such figures were not women.  He was fairly certain their escorts were all of the female persuasion.  He received a cuff on the ear for his curiosity and the woman nearest him said, “you will not stare so at one of the servants of the Queen!  You must learn your place.”  
The leader of the cadre said to the woman, “be gentle with him, he knows not our ways.”  
The woman bowed her head in submission and said, “yes mistress.”  
No more was said until the strange party had passed through the city and entered the courtyard of the castle itself.  Nahlar could sense Darrin not far off, but Tristan asked him, through Aria, to wait until they knew more of what they were facing.  Reluctantly the creature obeyed but desperation shone in his eyes.  They dismounted and several raggedly dressed men came to take their horses.  The unicorns backed away from the strangers and made to rear but their riders soon called them to task and begged them not to do anything foolish.  Reluctantly they agreed to act as mortal horses, if only for the moment.  The men then boldly approached and the three unicorns allowed themselves to be led away.
“Follow me,” said the leader of the patrol; the two Brethren and three of their escort entered the castle.
They walked for some time through the winding corridors and came to a small chamber deep within the roots of the fortress.  The leader rapped three times loudly upon the door and it opened swiftly; she ducked in, followed by the others.  In the flickering light of torches, they saw an ancient man sitting at a little table with a great book before him.  He stood before the women as they entered his chamber and bowed deeply but said nothing.  He remained in his bow until the leader said, “I have two new slaves for you.  See to them.”  
The man bowed again and said, “faithfully mistress.”  
The women turned on their heels and left the room.  Tristan glanced towards the door and noted the two armed and cloaked women standing guard.  Dorn looked terrified at the mention of slaves, but this was not Tristan’s first encounter with such practices.  The old man was busy examining them, much as one might examine a horse before purchasing it.
Tristan caught his eye and the old man said, “welcome to Goonia, I am afraid you have chosen an ill spot if you were hoping for a bright future or at least a future in which you control your own fate.  I am called Arga and I am the Slave Master, as it were, though a slave myself.  Such are all men in this strange land.  It was long ago that a ship full of slave girls washed aground on these forsaken shores.  Most of the guards went in search of help over the mountains and never returned.  Those that stayed to guard the captives were soon overpowered by superior numbers and a desperation for freedom.  Thus did the first people come to this forsaken land.  Ever after have women ruled and men been enslaved.  Even those lucky enough to be taken on as husbands remain forever in bonds.  The people of this country were content with their lot for centuries, but of late have started sending raiding parties into the mountains and capturing or killing all they find there.  The few women they bring back are allowed to remain free and come or go as they will.  The hapless men, such as yourselves, end up in servitude.  Your only goal in life now is to serve well.  If you revolt, run away, or serve poorly you will die.”
Tristan looked grim, “know they not that slavery has been outlawed for millennia in all the other countries of the world?”  
The man shrugged, “we have little contact with outsiders and care even less for their ways.  The women of Goonia fear that should they ever loosen their grip of iron upon the men of this country that they shall once again return to slavery themselves.  You shall be treated well if you obey and work hard.  You shall probably do far better than many poverty stricken peasants from other lands.”  
“Slavery is still slavery even if the chains are of gold,” said Tristan grimly.  
“Yes,” said Arga, “but such things are no longer your concern.  All you have, including yourself, now belongs to the Queen and her servants.  Now I must decide what to do with you.  It is my decision whether to place you somewhere within the Queen’s household and lands or whether to send you to the slave market and let the buyers decide your fate.  You are both young and strong and that is highly in your favor.  You are both not bad looking, so you may even end up as a consort to some fine lady.”  Both of the Brethren looked stricken.  “What is the matter?” asked the man, “That is probably the finest life you could ask for in your current situation.”  
Tristan said, “neither of us are free for such alliances, as it were.  Is there any way to make sure that does not happen?”  
The man frowned, “you sound just like a man that came through here a month gone.  I sent him off to work the Queen’s fields so he has nothing to worry about from that quarter though the life is far harder.  Do either of you have any useful skills?”  
Tristan said, “we are both familiar with the sword, horses, and are well-educated.”  The man laughed, “none of that is helpful unless I assign you as grooms or to tend the Queen’s horse herds.  Touch a sword and you will die; they also do not look to slaves to teach their children.”  
“What of their own sons?” asked Tristan.  
Arga said, “a man is considered much less than a horse at times.  Infant boys are not acknowledged as sons and are taken from their mothers at birth.  They are raised anonymously and sent to the slave markets when they are old enough.”  Both of the Brethren shuddered to think that a child’s own mother could do such a terrible thing.  The man laughed, “you may never get used to our ways but such it is and not for the likes of us to change.  Now let us see…you do not wish to risk the slave markets lest you end some lady’s pet so I had best assign you to the Queen’s property.  I think the boy could go to the fields and you will do well in the stables if you know horses as well as you say.”  
Dorn looked frightened at the thought of being left alone in this strange country but Tristan smiled reassuringly at him and whispered, “we are not alone.  We must trust the Master to find a way out of this.”  The boy nodded grimly and his anxiety was replaced by a fervent desire to press onwards, no matter how difficult the future.  The old man finished writing in his book and did not seem to have noticed the brief exchange.  
He said, “very well, let us see that you find your proper places and are out of my hair.  I have done the best I can for you.  Farewell.”  He clapped and two boys came running; he briefly gave each one his orders.  The boys led the two out of the chamber; the Brethren exchanged brief smiles of farewell before they were drawn off on their separate paths.  
Tristan followed his guide out into the courtyard then to a little room just off one side of the stables.  The boy passed along his message and hustled back to wherever he was supposed to be.  The Horse Master eyed Tristan speculatively and said, “I suppose you will do.  I assume you know your way around a horse?”  Tristan nodded.  The man smiled, “then you had best get to work.”  The man handed Tristan a fork and sent him off into the depths of the massive stable to start mucking stalls.  The unicorns whickered in greeting from their various stalls as he walked past.  He briefly stopped by Aria’s stall and whispered quietly to her.  She laid her ears back at his idea but would agree to it because it was the only way either of them might be free again.  The Horse Master yelled, “get to work you sluggard or I will have you assigned to the quarries or the mines!”  Tristan bid the mare a temporary farewell and began pitching muck into the cart in the alleyway.  

Dorn followed his guide closely and noticed the lad was not much younger than himself.  He wondered at the strange country in which he found himself and how one segment of society could treat another in such a terrible fashion.  They walked out to the fields surrounding the city and the boy surrendered Dorn to the Field Master.  The man said, “we can always use another set of hands.  Come boy, there is work to be done.  Grab a hoe and join the others in the cornfield.”  Dorn wasted no time in obeying.  He glanced around at his fellow workers and was not surprised to see one of his comrades, though Darrin was certainly surprised to see Dorn.  It was in this direction that Nahlar had been desperate to come.  They worked for another hour before the two gradually made their way towards one another.  Slaves were not supposed to speak unless spoken too so any conversation had to be short and to the point.  
Darrin said, “I felt Nahlar return but I did not expect him to bring me help in weeding the fields.”  
Dorn smiled in spite of himself, “this was not our choice for a rescue attempt either.”  
“Our?” asked Darrin hopefully.  
Dorn said, “Tristan is in the stables.”  
Darrin stifled a laugh, “he is very good at getting himself into these situations but then he is also very good at finding his way out again.  The Lady chose wisely when she sent him.  Do you know his plans?”  The boy shook his head.  The Field Master eyed them angrily and they quickly drifted apart.
After a long day of work, the men were herded into their respective quarters as the sun sank into the sea.  They were fed a bland but nourishing meal and then expected to go to bed.  Dorn and Darrin were quartered with the other field workers in a row of small huts near the fields.  The men in the stables slept in the hayloft.  Aria did not like Tristan’s plan but she could think of nothing better herself.  She was to wait until someone took her out of the city and then make her escape.  Any attempt while in the city would be futile as no one would let an obviously renegade horse past if they could stop it.  This of course meant she would have to allow someone else to ride her, which irritated her greatly.  The other two wanted to help in the endeavor as well.  They were as trapped as their masters, save that they could find freedom if only they could get out of the city.  They could be stubborn and resist but that would mean almost certain death and would destroy their masters’ only chance of freedom.  They had no choice but to pretend to be dumb horses until the proper time.  
There is nothing more humiliating to a unicorn than to pretend to be a mortal horse and to obey someone other than one of the Brethren.  When they served the Brethren, they together served the Master and thus a greater purpose.  A unicorn could see no point in plowing a field, pulling a cart, or carrying some lady about because she was too lazy to walk, but civilization depended upon such faithful service from their less intelligent though no less noble equine cousins; the unicorns just did not see it as their responsibility and left it to their less gifted kin.  They however, provided many services which a horse could not even dream of rendering and thus were forgiven their seeming arrogance.  It was not true arrogance as mankind is so often afflicted with, for truly they were made for other service, but there was a modicum of pride in the mix as they were unwilling to do such things save at greatest need.  Even the noblest creature, made in the very image of the Master, had its share of flaws, as did everything, after the fall from perfection.
After several days, the Queen and her ladies wished to go for a ride in the country and escape the often stifling city.  The Queen was a great lover of horses and was always eager to try her hand at a new mount.  There were several new beasts in the stables that had not yet been assigned to the guards, the fields, or the market.  The unicorns were among them.  As they wished to be free of their stalls and the city as soon as possible, they had assumed shapes mimicking the finest mortal horses in existence.  The Queen immediately chose Aria and two of her ladies selected the other two unicorns.  The lady choosing Nahlar was scandalized to find that his previous owner had used the beast as a packhorse, and for once Nahlar agreed with his captors.  The Queen and her retinue rode out of the city intent on a pleasant day’s ride.
Tristan felt as if his heart rode with them, but he aspired to impassively watch them go as he dutifully shoveled muck.  He was not yet trusted to attend to the saddling and unsaddling of the various horses that came and went from the royal stable.  His duties were simply to muck stalls, mend tack, groom horses, and make sure they were properly fed and watered.  Aria had been greatly miffed not to have Tristan tacking her up but patiently bore the ministrations of the poor man chosen to do so, though she was not a patient creature at times.  Dorn and Darrin were busy in the fields and felt their mounts moving away from them with all speed and in each one’s mind was great hope and exultation.  The creatures shared what they could of Tristan’s plan over that distance.  The two understood little of what their mounts tried to communicate but they knew that something was afoot.
“Do you think they are off to fetch more help in pulling weeds?” asked Darrin with a smile.  
Dorn shook his head, “I think Tristan has something else in mind though I know not what.”
Some miles from the city, Aria made as if she saw some evil creature that scared her terribly even though there was obviously nothing there.  This being a common failing among horses, it did not arouse much in the way of suspicions from the riders.  The Queen was an excellent rider but nothing can buck like a determined unicorn.  The mood spread to the rest of the horses and seeming horses in the party and soon everyone was fighting to keep their seats.  The unicorns added to the fray by allowing the normal horses to catch their true scent.  The sight of a unicorn in its true form drives a mortal horse mad.  The scent of such a creature to an already upset horse has a similar effect.  Of the seven people in the party, only one remained horsed and she was carried off a great distance before reining in the frightened beast.  The others were all thrown unceremoniously to the ground.  Their mounts fled and left them to walk home with bruised pride and posteriors.  
The unicorns swiftly disappeared into the wooded hills.  Hunters were sent out and the true horses were eventually found but no one ever caught the unicorns.  They swiftly traveled east out of the mountains, remembering well the path they took in coming.  Now their goal was to find the nearest of their kin who currently served a female member of the Brethren.  A man would have no chance in that strange country but a woman might be able to save her stranded comrades.  The Queen and her retinue returned afoot, which caused much surprise and scandal within the court.  An inquiry was made and three of the horses were traced back to the recently captured Brethren.  The Horse Master approached Tristan and asked, “is there some reason why your former mounts would act up and incite rebellion amongst the horses used by the Queen and her retinue?”  
Tristan paused in his work and said, “are you asking if there is some conspiracy between myself and a horse?”
The Horse Master barked a laugh, “it does seem rather a ridiculous notion.  I shall tell her Majesty that horses are simply strange sometimes.  She shall understand, being the horsewoman that she is.”
But the Queen was not satisfied, especially when all the horses were caught save the three belonging formerly to her newest slaves.  She even went so far as to call the two men before her to explain.  Dorn was obviously nervous, but the Queen had far less of a presence than the Lady and he had stood before her on several occasions.  Tristan had faced far more intimidating, furious, or insane rulers and was not easily flustered.  His only concern was how to behave himself before the Queen in his role as a slave.  The Horse Master had suggested total prostration but Tristan would not do such an obeisance to any save the Master Himself, even then he wondered if the Master required such of those confronting Him.  Dorn watched Tristan carefully to see what he would do.  
The Slave Master came to collect them and brought them to a side door to await the Queen’s pleasure.  The Queen glanced slightly at the door and made a miniscule nod of her head; the Slave Master almost pushed the two out into the middle of the room, surrounded on both sides by courtiers.  Both men bowed deeply but neither prostrated themselves nor even went to one knee.  This seemed to cause something of a scandal amongst those watching.  The Slave Master was white as the snow.  The Queen seemed slightly amused and said, “know you not the proper respect to give a woman, especially your Queen?”  
Tristan straightened from his bow and said respectfully, “Majesty we are but strangers in your land and know little of your ways.  A week gone we were free men and knew nothing of such servitude.  Any woman of our own lands would have been satisfied with the courtesy we have just shown you.”  
The Queen smiled coldly, “and I suppose you keep your women chained up in the barn as well as show them such a lack of courtesy?”  
Tristan said, “in almost every country beyond the mountains a woman has just as many rights as a man.  There are rare exceptions, such as among the Arcan nobility where their daughters are seen simply as a means to material gain and married off to the highest bidder, but most people consider such behavior uncouth and anathema.  Any Queen or King I have ever addressed would have been contented with the courtesy we have just shown.”  
She smiled in amusement, “so you consort with royalty do you?  What is so famed an ambassador doing wandering abroad in the mountains?”  
Tristan said, “we came in search of a friend who vanished a month or more gone.  We feared he fell afoul of bandits raiding in the passes.”  
She laughed, “if you are so important as to mingle with royalty why not send others in your stead?  Someone so important must not put themselves at such risk.”  
“With all respect Majesty, I never said I was important,” said Tristan, “I only said I have addressed various rulers in my lifetime.”  
She laughed, “you amuse me slave.  Perhaps I shall reassign you as court clown if your temerity does not force me to take your head.  Now tell me why it was that horses formerly in your keeping were the only ones to escape when all the others were found and why they chose to misbehave in the first place?”  If she wanted a direct answer he would be forced to reveal their identity, but perhaps she would be satisfied with less.  
He said, “our mounts are of a curious lineage and are wary around strangers.  They also know that this peculiar land is not their home and returned to lands more familiar to them.”  
The Queen sighed, “a pity, as they were fine animals and I have never seen their equal.  Why were you using so fine a creature as a pack animal?”  
Tristan smiled, “we wished to travel quickly in our quest to find our friend and there is none to equal them in speed or endurance.  A lesser beast would have slowed us greatly.”  The Queen nodded.
She smiled, “you are well spoken for an outlander and for a man as well.  We rarely see your equal, especially in one so seemingly young.  Perhaps we should converse more often.  I rarely allow slaves to address the court but I find you amusing.  You shall attend me again in one week’s time, but perhaps next time you will show me greater respect?”  
The two Brethren bowed deeply and were hurried from the Queen’s presence by the Slave Master.  He said as they retreated from the finer parts of the castle, “well done, though you must learn to prostrate yourselves before the Queen.  Thankfully she was in a good mood and did not call for your heads.  You must learn your place ere you lose even that.”  
“We shall see,” said Tristan noncommittally.  
Dorn said, “I found Darrin.”  
Tristan smiled, “is he well?”  
The boy smiled, “he is much better at weeding than I am.”  
Tristan laughed, “that at least is good news.” 
Arga said, “you should also learn that idle chatter among slaves is not allowed.”  
Tristan said, “the fate of our friend is not idle chatter.  He is the reason we find ourselves in this mess.”  The Slave Master only shook his head in wonder.  They soon returned to their proper places and resumed their endless labor.  
Before leaving Tristan, Arga said, “you amuse the Queen and that could either be a very good or a very bad thing.  She may choose to do with you as she pleases.  Remember that in how you interact with her in future.  For your sake it might be better had you fallen beneath her notice.”  Tristan wondered what the man’s curious words might mean.  He was not sure he liked the answers he came up with.


Chapter 4

The unicorns traveled swiftly through the tangled wilderness and soon found themselves out the other side and again in the rolling foothills.  Unicorns had the uncanny ability to sense where almost any member of their kind was at any moment, save those very far away.  The closer an individual was, the better their accuracy but they could tell vague direction and distance for any particular unicorn they wished to find.  By finding the unicorn they very often found the rider.  Of those of their kind they sensed within a week’s gallop, they ruled out any that did not bear a woman.  Of those that remained they sought out the closest.  They whinnied in delight.  Their quarry was within three days’ run.  They urgently sought out their target and asked the stallion to come with all speed and bear his rider thither.  The stallion heard their urgent call and excitedly sought out his mistress.  It was very early in the morning and the groom was not happy to be awakened by the uneasy stallion in his charge.  He in turn sought out the innkeeper and asked after the creature’s owner.  The innkeeper also was not happy but went to wake the woman who kept the beast.  The stallion had already awakened his mistress and she was fully dressed when the innkeeper knocked upon her door.  
“Yes?” asked the groggy Piper.  
The innkeeper bowed politely and said, “I am sorry to bother you mistress but your stallion is acting up and the stableman is concerned.  He fears he has a belly ache.”  
Piper smiled tiredly and said, “I must settle my bill and will then see to the creature.”  
“You are leaving?” asked the man in some surprise.  
Piper shrugged, “dawn is not far off and a little exercise is just the thing to settle a colicky horse.”  In fact she did not know why they must leave immediately but she knew they must else the stallion would never quiet.  She gathered her things and made her way to the stable.
The stallion whickered excitedly and Piper quickly had him saddled.  The groom said, “it seems all he wants is your company!”  
Piper laughed, “we shall soon see if that is all he requires.”  
She was soon mounted and the stallion took off at top speed.  From the vague impressions she received from the creature, she understood that there were three very distraught unicorns in the distance and their presence was requested immediately.  They rode quickly, stopped seldom, and soon the anxious trio was upon them.  The creatures ran in circles, reared, frisked, and otherwise all tried to explain things at the same time.  Both Piper and her mount were bewildered by the display.  Piper recognized two of the creatures as serving Darrin and Tristan.  The third it seemed was the mount of Tristan’s apprentice.  But where were their riders?  This thought caused all three to break into near hysterics, which made it obvious that the men were in trouble, but what could one Teacher do in a situation that two Messengers and an apprentice Warrior could not handle?  She sighed but motioned for the three to lead on, but first she unsaddled the riderless unicorns and quickly brushed them down.  Rough travel and several days wearing a saddle made for a rather itchy back.  The worst however were the bits they had been forced to endure, a sure sign of slavery.  Freed of the encumbering devices, the creatures gladly set out once more with high hopes of freeing their masters.

The week passed far too quickly and Tristan was again summoned by the Slave Master to stand before the Queen.  She found the peculiar man fascinating for some reason and looked forward to the audience.  He was seemingly very young but held himself as and spoke with the wisdom of a man twice his age.  She looked forward to seeing if he would do as he had been told by herself and certainly by the Slave Master.  She motioned for the man to be brought forth and he again bowed deeply.  
She said, “I still find your lack of courtesy disturbing, slave.  You would do well to correct your behavior while you are still able to do so.  I will not remain in this forgiving mood forever.  Your disobedience may well lead to a general uprising amongst the slaves and I cannot have that, and I would be forced to do things most unpleasant to the perpetrator.”
“Majesty,” said Tristan respectfully, “believe me when I say I do you no dishonor by my conduct.  I will not prostrate myself before mortals of either sex.  That honor is due the Master alone.”
The Queen laughed coldly, “you would bow before a legend but risk death by affronting a Queen?  Your arrogance is astounding.”
Tristan smiled, “perhaps it is pride that prevents me from giving such an honor to my fellow men, but in my heart I feel the honor due the Master alone.”  
“If you will not prostrate yourself,” said the Queen, “you could at least go to one knee.  Or is that not done either among your people?”  
Tristan smiled, “on occasion such reverence is given but I have never done such, though I have stood before many rulers, save to one Lady alone.”  
The Queen smiled coldly, “so you do know your proper place?  At least if not to me you acquiesce to one of my sex.  Pray tell who is this Lady to whom you owe such reverence?”  
Tristan smiled warmly in remembrance, “it is she that sent me thus.  The boy, myself, and our missing friend are all sworn to her service.  It was she that sent us after him.  It is also she that sent me to confront various rulers on numerous matters.  I am but a servant.  As I said, I am not important in my own right.”
“Well said,” said the Queen, “I can see that you hold this Lady in high regard.  Why would you do your former mistress such honor but deny me my due?  After all, am I not your new mistress?”
Tristan shook his head sadly, “you may hold sway over my life but you are not my true mistress.  Even if I never see the Lady again, I am in her service while life lasts and ever in the Master’s keeping.”  The court gasped at this statement.  
The Queen had every right to call for the headsman immediately but she said, “why such devotion to one who sent you on a hopeless quest?”  
Tristan laughed, “this is not the first hopeless task she has set before me and I hope not the last.  I serve her not because of any special trait or quality she possesses but because I am sworn to the Master and He has appointed her our leader.”  
The Queen sighed, “you puzzle me greatly.  I can see you are dedicated heart and soul to this Lady of yours and yet you speak of legends as if they also had some hold on your devotion.”  
Tristan said, “I have heard the tale of the origins of your people.  In the Outlands, as you call them, most people do not consider the Master a legend but Someone that actually exists.  What is He to your people?”
The Queen laughed, “our foremothers were washed ashore as slaves and overthrew their cruel masters to establish this Queendom, where no woman need fear enslavement again.  The Master (if he exists) allowed those poor women to be enslaved and it was then that they chose to deny every male, including the fabled Maker, any claim over our beings.  Thus were men enslaved and the Master denied.”  
Tristan looked at the Queen keenly, “Majesty, could it not be said that perhaps it was a miracle that your foremothers were spared the evils of slavery by being washed upon this very shore?  Evil is abroad in the world and much falls at the feet of mankind.  Everyone suffers some evil or another throughout the course of their lives but this is no reason to deny the Master.  Is it not He that sees us through such things?  Is not the presence of good some argument for the Master?  Should not all the world be consumed by evil, darkness, and chaos were there not some Power to check such forces and keep them at bay?”
The Queen smiled, “how can evil exist at all if the Master existed?  Would not such a loving, holy creature protect the innocent from all such forces?”  
Tristan said, “is not one of the greatest gifts the Master has given us the right to choose?  We are not slaves but free and thinking souls.  It is we who choose good or ill; it was mankind that first allowed evil to mar creation.  It was the Master who allowed us that choice, but it is we who must face the consequences.  The day will come when He will again restore justice and perfection to the earth but for a time we must eat of the fruit we ourselves have planted.  It was also the Master’s own blood that brought us hope, by redeeming us from our own evil choices if we will but choose to take Him up on the offer.”  
The Queen shook her head, “you argue well for a mere slave.  I have much to think on but know this reasoning will not buy your freedom.”  
Tristan nodded, “Majesty, I am not trying to reason my way out of slavery.  My only concern is the souls of you and your people, by comparison my own life is nothing.”  
She looked at him in astonishment but only said, “very well.  I shall see you again in a week.”  He bowed again and left the court, which immediately broke into excited conversation.  They had never seen such a spirited slave nor heard such strange words spoken with so much heart.  They had much to think about.  The Queen was having very unsettling thoughts as regarded the strange slave.  She very much feared she would soon either need to kill him or marry him, and she was not sure which would trouble her the least.  The Slave Master continued his warnings to Tristan to mind his tongue and his manners.  Tristan continued on as ever he had.

Piper followed the three unicorns through the Impassable Mountains and wondered what strange situation the three men had found themselves in.  During her circuit in the West she had heard ugly rumors about what happened to travelers in the Northern half of the range.  She wondered if she would soon find out herself.  Not far into her journey, her idle speculation became a reality.  The Goonians had taken the two men at their word and now watched even the little traveled paths of the mountains and were soon rewarded for their trouble.  A half dozen cloaked women surrounded the lone traveler.  The leader of the group said, “greetings traveler from the Outlands.  You may remain armed and your hands unbound as long as you agree to follow us and cause no trouble.  Cause problems and you will be treated accordingly.”  
Piper asked, “and to what do I owe this interference in my travel?  I mean no harm to those that mean no hostility to me or mine.”  
The leader laughed, “you have spirit, I shall give you that.  We are soldiers of the Queen of Goonia and you trespass upon her territory.  You must stand before her ere you are allowed to ride freely upon Goonian soil.”  
Piper looked surprised, “I have not heard of this country or your Queen.  I also was unaware that any sovereign claimed lordship over these forsaken mountains.”  
The woman nodded, “we are a far-flung and remote country with little access to other lands.  Until recently, these lands were claimed by no one, but our Queen has lately brought them under our banner.”
Piper said, “then let us to your Queen swiftly that I may complete my errand.”  The soldiers formed an escort around their unlikely guest and all rode for the capital city.  The three unicorns ghosted ahead as a silent escort.
After several days’ journey they rode into the city.  Piper was impressed to find such a country in so forgotten a corner of the world.  She found it strange that all the soldiers and guards they encountered seemed to be female while all the menial tasks seemed to fall to roughly dressed men.  She said nothing of her observations and rode silently behind her escort.  They rode into the courtyard of the castle, their mounts were taken by yet more roughly dressed men.  The leader of the patrol led Piper towards the great hall where the Queen was currently holding court.  The Queen greatly enjoyed these rare audiences with women from the Outlands.  Those few ladies that dared the mountains were always of a spirited and interesting sort; they were usually free to go once they had spoken with the Queen.  Many even chose to remain in a land where every woman was seemingly of noble birth and each man lower than the meanest peasant.  
The guard said quietly to Piper as they entered the great hall, “you shall have your audience shortly but first the Queen will have her weekly interview with a certain audacious slave that she currently finds greatly amusing.  We are wagering whether she will marry the fool or have his head off.  This may be the week to reveal the winners.”  
Piper asked quietly, “I did not know slavery was still extant in any realm, even one so remote as yours?”
The other woman said, “it is a necessary part of our culture that all males be kept in chains lest women find themselves in that situation once more.”  Piper was shocked but hid her amazement and said nothing.  Both turned their attention to the center of the floor as the man in question appeared.  She gasped upon recognizing Tristan.  At least that explained his situation and she thought Dorn and Darrin must be in similar straits.  No wonder their unicorns were upset!
Tristan bowed before the Queen and she wore a smile of deep amusement, as if this were an old argument that she graciously allowed him to win.  “I have thought on your words,” said she, “and though I am not perhaps wholly convinced, I am willing for you to amuse me with more of your tales but that is not the subject I wish to discuss at present.  You boggle my mind and I will not have it so unsettled.  This day you shall decide once and for all the manner in which my mind shall finally find its ease.  You have impressed me with your intelligence, your dedication, and your own twisted form of respectfulness, but your audacity must this day come to an end or find its proper place.  You have a choice.  I am willing to offer you my hand, though still a slave you will remain, or if you so decline, the headsman will happily see you this very morning.”  The court gasped in amazement at such an offer.  Why was she giving the fool a choice?  Slaves were not allowed to choose even what they wore of a morning, let alone whether they would consent to an offer of this magnitude.
She continued, “the reason I offer you a choice is twofold.  First, if you take the offer of my hand I will expect the proper respect and honor that is my due from the first.  You will not be allowed to take advantage of my offer if you cannot change your manner towards me; I will not be addressed as an equal by a slave!  The second reason that you are offered a choice is that the Slave Master tells me that you and your two companions are curiously opposed to such things.  Why?”  
Tristan was stunned at the Queen’s offer but his voice was firm, “Majesty, I must say I am both honored and surprised by your offer.  But as to changing my form of address, that cannot be.  I have never addressed you in any manner save with the greatest respect.  To my people, marriage is a serious commitment and both parties are considered equal.  Even if I could, I would not consent to such an arrangement as you propose.  It is a corruption of marriage itself and not at all what the Master intended in its inception.  But no matter how generous your offer, I cannot in any way accept it.  I am proscribed from entering into such an alliance save with another bound by the same vows I have taken.”
The Queen laughed aloud, “all vows and oaths that have hitherto bound you were at an end when you became my property, thus you are liable to no one for such things save myself.  Why would you face death when I offer you the greatest chance at life any male in this country can know?”  
Tristan replied, “the Oath I have taken transcends time, borders, and life itself.  I am sworn to the Master and thus are His stipulations.  I cannot act in such a manner without violating that which I hold most dear.  Dearer even than life itself thus you will be forced to make an end of me.”  
The court gasped and the Queen was utterly shocked, “you would die before you would violate this Oath of yours?”  
Tristan nodded grimly, “it is sometimes the cost of my calling but I knew the risks ere I took my Oath.”  
“You are mad!” said the Queen, “But I must respect your courage.  At least my mind will finally be at ease, one way or another, but I shall miss our debates.  I found you rather fascinating.  You almost made me hope that men and women could actually coexist without the necessity of slavery, but you have only proved that it can be thus only with madmen!  The choice was yours and I wash my hands of you.”  She motioned for the guards to seize the man.  
As they came forward to lead him to his death, Piper said from the back of the room, “you would end a life simply on a whim?”
The Queen scanned the room for whosoever would dare to interrupt her moment of triumph.  The guards seized Tristan but made no move to leave the center of the room until this new problem was settled.  Finally, the Queen saw a woman in the clothes of an outlander coming to the front of the crowd of courtiers.  “And who might you be?” asked the Queen with eager contempt.  
The hapless patrol leader followed her embarrassing charge to the front.  Both bowed deeply and the patrol leader said, “we found this woman wandering alone in the mountains and brought her hither.”
Tristan smiled when he saw that Piper had come to their rescue and only hoped he had not dragged her into an early grave with himself.  Piper said, “I have come in pursuit of three of my colleagues Majesty, one of which you are about to dispatch for seemingly ill conduct.  I beg you to reconsider.  He speaks truly when he says he is barred from marrying outside our order.  To violate that might cost him his very soul, thus death is a far easier choice.”  
The Queen laughed, “you amuse me as much as my moribund slave.  What order is this you speak of?  Are you bound up in some strange Oath as well, with this Lady and the Master of which he speaks with such reverence?”  
Piper smiled, “Majesty, he and I are both part of the Brethren, people who have sworn their lives in service to the Master, the Lady, and to everyone else.  As are our two friends that I have yet to find.”  
“Did this Lady of yours send you as well in search of this man’s missing friend?” asked the Queen curiously.  Piper looked to Tristan, who nodded.  
She said, “no Majesty.  I was fetched by a trio of rather disgruntled unicorns who were greatly upset that their masters had gone missing.”  
“Unicorns?” scoffed the Queen, “What manner of nonsense is this?  I could almost believe in this Master of yours before I would consider such a fable to truly walk the earth.”  
Tristan spoke, “Majesty you originally sought my input on why three seemingly ordinary horses would revolt on a whim.  This is your answer.  They were not merely horses but unicorns and creatures capable of their own thoughts and blessed with strange abilities.”  One of the guards cuffed him for speaking so to the Queen.  For a slave it was uncanny behavior but for one condemned to death it was anathema.  The living did not hear the dead.
The Queen laughed coldly, “you grasp desperately at myths to save your own life!”  
Piper said, “if you wish to see the truth all you need do is go down to your own stable.  My own mount will show his true form at need and I think the other three are not far off.”  
Tristan nodded, “I can summon at least one of them, if not all three should her Majesty wish to see the truth.”  This time one of the guards drew her dagger to permanently silence the man’s tongue.  Piper reached for her sword.  The guards scattered about the room did likewise.  Tristan shook his head grimly, ready to face what he must rather than cause such mayhem.  Piper released her grip on her hilt and the guards also relaxed.  Seeing the silent interaction between the two, the Queen motioned the guard to stay her blade.  Reluctantly the woman obeyed.  
The Queen said, “you would risk your life for the life of a condemned man?”  
Piper said, “I would risk my life for the life of anyone, man or woman.  But he counts his life less dear than mine thus I will stay my hand and abide by his wishes.  He has the right of it though it pains me to see the cost to himself.”  
The Queen shook her head, “you are certainly a strange and suicidal people.”  
Piper smiled, “no Majesty, we love life dearly, but we also know that there are some things worth dying for.”  
The Queen shook her head in wonder and said, “I may never understand your strange ways but let us see these beasts of yours ere we decide how to proceed.  Bring the captive.”  With that, all made their way to the courtyard to see what wonders might await therein.
Piper disappeared into the stable and soon returned with her ragged sorrel stallion.  The Queen laughed, “a noble mount indeed!”  The stallion eyed the Queen malevolently and Piper had to endure a mental argument with the creature before he would acquiesce but finally he relented.  Everyone gasped in awe and delight as the creature stood before them in all his glorious splendor.  He eyed the Queen with a look that said ‘I told you so.’  
The Queen laughed in delight, “perhaps I shall spare the life of this impudent slave if you will give me your mount in exchange.”  The stallion tossed his head and snorted in disgust.  Piper put a protective arm around the arching neck.  
Tristan said, “it cannot be so.  A unicorn serves no one against their will and to sell one into slavery is just as deplorable as selling a man or woman into such bondage.  I would sooner die than allow such a thing to come to pass and the unicorn would surely kill itself trying to escape rather than submit.”  Again the guard cuffed him but he paid her no heed.  
The Queen smiled coldly, “you have no choice in this matter, be silent or I shall order the guard to finish this forever.”  The stallion pawed the ground and lowered his head menacingly.  The Queen said, “how is it then that you come to have such a splendid creature in your service if not through slavery, if you can call it such?”  
Piper smiled grimly, “it is a labor of love Majesty.  The great hearted creatures serve those sworn to the Master of their own free will, even unto death.”  
The Queen looked surprised, “even men?”  
Piper laughed, “each of these three you hold against their will has one of the creatures in his service.  Who do you think it was that led me hither?  Go to the gates of your city and the creatures will meet you there.”  
“I do not believe it but will give you the chance to prove me wrong again,” said the Queen, “to the gates!”
It was a tedious business but soon the entire court and the requisite guards were horsed and ready to ride down to the gates in a great parade.  The stallion had again draped himself in the guise of a horse lest he startle the horses.  The Queen watched this with utter fascination.  Tristan was placed on the back of a rather shaggy donkey and led by one of the guards.  He felt a proper fool but longed to see Aria again, even if it might be the last time this side of death.  Piper smiled at him in reassurance but said nothing.  The common folk moved aside to let the Queen and her retinue pass.  They exited the gates and formed a great crescent; the Queen turned to Piper and said, “call these three renegade creatures if you can.”  
Piper smiled, “I am not bound to the creatures and have no ability to do so.  It is Tristan who can summon one and thus all three may come, if they are willing.”  
“Then do it,” said the Queen impatiently.  
Tristan smiled, shrugged, and said, “as you wish.”  The guard cuffed him again but he summoned Aria, whom he felt nearby.  He also asked her to bring the other two if they would.  Within minutes, the very horses that had fled the Queen and her party appeared at a distance.  
“I see horses,” said the Queen, “but nothing more.”  
Piper shook her head, “do you have any idea what a unicorn in its true form does to a normal horse?  Every horse in this entourage would be stricken mad with fear at the very sight of one.”  
Two of the seeming horses held back, but Aria ventured forward at a trot.  She snorted disdainfully at Tristan’s donkey and nuzzled the man gently.  He wished to stroke her in return but his hands were tied.  The mare eyed the Queen malevolently.  The Queen laughed, “here is another lady that would come to your aid.”  The mare gave a firm nod of her head and stomped her foot, as if in complete agreement.  The Queen turned to the Slave Master, who had followed at a distance on foot, “take the prisoner’s donkey and have the other two of these so-called Brethren fetched.  I will get to the bottom of this.”
He bowed deeply, unceremoniously unseated Tristan, and was off as fast as the creature could trot.  Aria whickered a fond farewell to her shaggy challenger.  She hated to see Tristan borne upon any back but her own.  He laughed and leaned his head against her neck.  She whickered gently.  Soon enough the Slave Master returned with Dorn and Darrin.  Their respective mounts whinnied in joy upon sighting them; Nahlar was much the more desperate of the two and frisked like a colt at seeing his master after so long a parting.  Darrin had tears in his eyes when he greeted his old friend.  The sight touched even the heart of the Queen.  She said, “it seems whatever your relationship with these beasts that there is great love on both sides.  I still cannot fathom a country where men are counted the equal of women however.  Complete chaos may erupt if I do not carry on as tradition demands.”  
“Why must you carry on as you always have?” asked Piper of the Queen, “Some traditions are good to be rid of.  The entire outer world manages quite well without the institution of slavery.  Is it any better for women to enslave men than vice versa?”  
The Queen looked sharply at the other woman, “for long we have considered men less than human, less than dogs in fact.  Creatures obviously without souls.”
Piper laughed, “and how would you explain that a man is any less a person than a woman?  We are obviously the same species and they obviously experience the same sensations of pain, joy, fear, and hope as women do.”  
The Queen said, “but I fear that we shall again be victims of the evil once perpetrated upon us.”
Piper laughed, “and yet you would inflict it upon men who had nothing to do with the enslavement of your forebears?”
The Queen looked grim, “it does not seem fair does it?  Your comrade has shown me that a man can have as much heart and spirit as any woman.  Perhaps that is why he fascinates and terrifies me so.  I am so used to meek and broken men that I assumed they were such by birth and never dreamed that perhaps it was we who forced such a nature upon them.  My other concern is that perhaps the Master is not as much a myth as I took him to be.  But why must he be male?  Is it not the female that creates life?  Is this not some contrivance of the male mind yet again to enslave women even if only in our own minds?”  
Piper laughed, “it is not we that made the Master male but that is the form in which He chose to reveal Himself to us.  I actually doubt the Master technically has a sex, be it male or female, but in our own meager understanding we cannot comprehend such a thing and thus He had to reveal Himself in one form or the other.  But it was also He that made us male and female and thus it is no shame to be one or the other.  He loves both equally.”  
“What then am I to do?” asked the Queen.  
Piper said, “restore freedom, equality, and justice to your people Majesty.  No more let there be a difference in how people are treated based upon their sex.  Let your laws apply equally to all.  Any men who might choose to revolt in their newfound freedom should face the same justice that any woman rebel would face.”  
“Such a radical change will be hard for my people to bear,” said the Queen, “but I see that you have the right of it.  I would also have you teach us more of this Master of yours.”  
Piper smiled, “I think your first duty should be to release my friends.”  The Queen smiled and did as she was asked.
There was much joy as the three Brethren were reunited.  Darrin nodded his thanks to Piper.  In a country that had for so long been lost to slavery there was much work to be done.  Many could not fathom Goonia without its former system of slavery in place and they chose to seek a new life in the outside world.  It was a strange new world but no stranger than Goonia without slavery.  The Brethren stayed some time in the little country teaching of the Master and the Truth and also advising the Queen in restructuring the laws and the entire social order of the country.  As the year grew old and the Brethren were faced with the choice of spending the winter in Goonia or returning home, they felt it time to return to Astoria.  The Queen and all her people bid them a fond farewell and watched sadly as they rode off.  The Brethren promised to speak with the Lady and assured the Goonians that come spring they would probably receive a visit from some of their comrades.  It was a sad parting, but a new and hopeful age had begun for the isolated little country.


Chapter 5

The Brethren crossed the mountains and returned to more civilized lands shortly before the weather turned, making passage impossible until the more temperate weather of late spring came again.  The weather was still not the best for travel even away from the mountains, but it was not impossible.  Often bitter cold, rain, driving winds, or snow slowed their passage or made travel uncomfortable but they pressed on towards home.  Shortly after emerging from the mountains, Piper broke from the party and made her way back towards her original circuit.  The three men pushed hard for Astoria.  Tristan and Darrin found great pleasure in traveling together again and even the petrified Dorn soon came to enjoy the camaraderie shared by his two elder comrades.  The journey was long and sometimes inclement but all found great fellowship in their friends.  
One bitter day in mid-winter the three rode up to the gates of the castle in Astoria.  The Lady had glimpsed them coming from afar and sent a servant to meet them.  They happily followed the man out of the chill wind and into the Lady’s presence.  She was overjoyed to have them home at last and greatly disturbed by their tale of happenings in the strange land of Goonia.  But she was pleased to have it so swiftly resolved.  She promised to send a few Teachers to the distant land once spring allowed again for passage of the mountains.  She then changed the subject to another pressing matter.
She said, “I know you have just returned, but I have received word from Orbin in Krest.  Over the past year the King has let his duties slide and rule of the country has fallen to his greatest general.  The man rules the land with an iron fist and uses his soldiers to put the people to bitter use.  The soldiers are little more than bandits and take and do whatever they want with no consequences for their vile actions.  The people are taxed heavily to provide for the lavish lifestyle enjoyed by the king, his general, and the soldiery.  Beyond this, the soldiers take whatever they want from whomever they please.  Orbin has tried desperately to reason with the King but he cares for little beyond his own idle pleasures.  General Tate will not remit his rule of the country or his abuse of the people.  You three shall go to Krest and help Orbin in resolving this matter.”
“Lady,” said Darrin, “would this not be a matter better suited to the Philosophers or perhaps a legion of Warriors?”  
The Lady smiled, “Orbin is a Philosopher and he has been unable to convince the king.  What would another Philosopher do?  I do not wish you to conquer the country else I would just send an army.  This situation requires the skills and talents of the Messengers and that is why I am sending two of my best.  You must resolve this situation without starting a civil war.  Does anyone else wish to ask a question?”  Catching the warning tone in her voice all three wisely shook their heads.  “Very well,” said she, smiling, “you shall rest for a few days and then you shall ride for Krest with all haste.”  They bowed themselves out of her presence, each silently wondering how this whole situation could ever be resolved peaceably.
Dorn looked at the two elder Brethren with wide-eyes, “whatever are we to do?”  
Tristan smiled, “I have no idea.  First we must reach our destination, then we shall worry about the details.”
Darrin laughed, “nothing like a little preparation.  I taught you better than that!”  
Tristan laughed, “if you have any brilliant ideas, I am open to hearing them.”  
Darrin nodded grimly, “I shall reveal my plans in due course.”  
Dorn still found the banter between the two somewhat shocking.  To him, the Brethren required the utmost respect and honor but the two went back and forth as only old and dear friends could.  As an apprentice, Dorn would never even think of doing such a thing.  The pair looked upon the wide-eyed apprentice and smiled, in a decade or two he would understand.  There were times when great formality was needed and then there were times when you could throw protocol to the wind and flout formality.  They used the few days allotted to them in Astoria to make preparations for their journey and also to catch up with those of their friends currently abiding there.  The days passed swiftly and soon the grey morning came when they must ride off again into the cold and bitter wind that seemed ever to blow out of the West.  They pushed steadily south and west towards Krest, and as their road wound south the weather turned milder and travel became easier.  By the time they reached the embattled country far to the south the weather was downright hot, at least to their northern blood.
As they neared Krest, they frequently stopped at inns along the way to ask after conditions in that country.  A one-eyed merchant sucked at his pipe and blew an impressive ring of smoke at his three listeners.  He said, “I would not go there were I you.  All trade has stopped between Krest and the rest of the world.  Merchants go in but come back afoot and penniless.  The soldiers take whatever they like and the taxes are so high that you are better off throwing your goods down a well rather than going to Krest.  The people themselves live in abject fear and poverty.  Their sons are conscripted into the guard and their daughters are readily abused by any soldier who feels the need of it.  The peasants will soon stage an uprising if things do not change.  They yet fear for their lives but soon enough even those will be worth nothing if things continue in their current vein.  No, I would not go to Krest.”  
Darrin nodded grimly, “it is about as we feared.  Is there no hope that the King will change his mind?”  
The merchant laughed, “the man fears the General too much to offer any resistance.  As long as he has his little luxuries he is happy to leave all else to Tate.  If you want things to change you will have to speak with the General about it and I hear that it would be easier to change the tides than his mind.  It is hopeless.  Why not go to Salita?” 
Tristan shook his head, “we are bound for Krest and cannot turn back.  Is there anything that might help us in our journey?”  
The merchant laughed, “you are either fools or heroes.  Sometimes it is hard to tell the difference between the two.  If you value your swords and your horses, I would leave them here.  No man outside the guard is allowed to go armed in that country, violators are swiftly put to death.  Any decent horse is swiftly confiscated for the use of the guard.  If you wish to ride I would find the most decrepit plow horse you can!”  The man laughed mirthlessly.
The merchant continued, “now this is only rumor, mind you, but I hear that there is some small group of outlaws waging their own little war against the General and his men.  They are said to haunt the woods like so many goblins and swoop out of the darkness and devour any unsuspecting soldiers they find.  It has caused enough stir that some of the peasants are speaking openly of revolt.  The General has his men out hunting the outlaws but so far his search has been vain.  Personally, I think it is all hearsay and just rumormongers trying to start problems and distract the General from his thievery.”  Tristan and Darrin exchanged an intrigued glance upon hearing this but more must wait until they crossed the border on the morrow.  They bid their informant a good night and retired to their room.  
Dorn asked, “are we going to seek the outlaws and ask their help?”  
Tristan shook his head, “the Lady has forbidden us from starting a civil war and I can think of no better way to do it than to seek out these outlaws.  Perhaps when all else fails we can see of what use they might be to us, but not until we have no other options.  What of our mounts and swords?”  
Darrin said, “there will probably be men at the border waiting to relieve us of our valuables, weapons, and mounts.  I suggest we acquire one of the sad old nags recommended by our friendly merchant.  We should put anything we might need in Krest, but may not be allowed to keep, in the saddlebags of one of the unicorns and let him cross the border where he will and meet up with us later.  The other two must look the part of a broken down old beast and we shall then make our own way across the border.”  
“It seems our only option, though I know Aria will refuse to act as our pack animal,” said Tristan with a grin.  He had never met a more rascally unicorn than his own mount.  
Darrin laughed, “will she enjoy looking a dejected old nag either?”  Tristan could only shake his head.
The next morning they found Dorn a much worn carthorse to serve as his temporary mount.  His unicorn was loaded with their swords and whatever else they thought they might need that the soldiers would probably confiscate.  The other two unicorns were not happy to pretend to be just as decrepit as Dorn’s mount but they liked the idea of being captured by the enemy even less so relented to the plan.  The sad little party set off for the border of Krest.  Dorn’s unicorn made its own way off into the surrounding woods and would cross into the country as unobtrusively as an innocuous little breeze.   A day’s travel brought them to the border as night was falling and as suspected, a cadre of soldiers waited to relieve them of their valuables.  
“Greetings,” laughed the leader of the group, “prepare to have you luggage searched, surrender your weapons, and we may take your horses if we like.”  The Brethren were silent and allowed the men to have their way with their mounts and baggage.  The soldiers eyed the horses with derision.  One man opened Aria’s mouth only to find it completely toothless.  He recoiled in horror.  The mare seemed rather pleased with her success.  Dorn’s beast was considered the best of the bunch and no one seemed interested in even that poor creature.  They ransacked the saddlebags and belt pouches of the trio but found nothing much of interest.  “You look a sorry bunch of beggars,” laughed the captain, “we may not wish your sort in our country.  Do you possess anything of value?”  
Tristan shook his head, “we are weary travelers and seek only to avoid the trouble caused by bandits upon the road.  If we carry nothing of value then we have nothing anyone would go to the trouble of stealing.  We are honest men and well capable of earning our keep.  Fear not that we come to beg or steal.”
The Captain laughed, “curious logic but your words have the ring of truth.  I shall let you pass but know that begging and stealing both are dealt with swiftly and harshly.  If you know the use of the sword you might look to the Guard to earn your living, but otherwise I fear there is little in this land for you.  I would suggest you seek your fortunes elsewhere.”  
Darrin said, “we thank you for your advice and will see what Krest holds for us, if anything.  Should it prove futile you can be assured that we will swiftly move on.”  The captain seemed mollified and waved the men through.  They traveled long enough to put an hour’s plod between themselves and the border and then retired for the night.  Dorn’s unicorn found them and they carefully hid the burdens he carried and then swapped him out for the old nag.  They let the creature wander at will, hoping that he would find a better future than his past had been.  In the morning they rode towards the capital; the guards upon the city gates thoroughly searched their baggage before waving them through and glowered at them the whole time.  
The guards upon the castle gates were even less friendly.  “You wish to see the King?” scoffed the captain, “He may be useless but we still guard him from unwanted guests.  Be gone before you find yourselves in the dungeons.”  
Darrin said, “if we cannot see the King, may we at least be allowed to see Orbin?”  
The guard laughed, “and what would you have to do with that prattling old scholar?”  
Tristan said, “we are his colleagues and have ridden far to speak with him.”  
The guard looked at the three raggedy men skeptically, “if you are of the Brethren then they are a far sadder lot than I had first imagined.  I shall fetch the old fool and then we shall see.”
The captain told off one of his men to fetch the advisor and he was off at a run.  The captain then said, “of course General Tate must be apprised of your presence should the old fool admit you.  He does not like visitors.  Especially nosey visitors.”  
“It shall be as it must,” said Darrin, “but we must speak with Orbin.”  
The guard quickly returned with Orbin, who bowed politely to his three comrades saying, “they are known to me.  I shall take full responsibility for their actions and suffer any consequences attendant thereunto.”  
The guard laughed, “of course you will.  I almost hope they get into trouble if only to rid us of your tedious presence.”  The three were admitted and they reluctantly abandoned the unicorns to the waiting grooms, who looked at the wretched creatures as if they could hardly believe they yet drew breath.  The four Brethren exchanged an amused look and made their way into the castle.  
Once they were safe in the man’s tiny chambers, Orbin said, “I am glad to see that the Lady has sent me aid though I have no idea how to rectify this situation.  The King will not listen and the General cannot be reasoned with.  The people grow desperate and I fear an uprising that will end only after thousands have been slaughtered like sheep.”  
“Can we speak with the King?” asked Tristan.  
Orbin laughed, “you might as well reason with his infant son for all the good it will do, but yes I can get you an audience.  He will be curious as to who my visitors are.  You can also expect some unwanted attention from General Tate; he likes to know what everyone in the castle is up to.”
“Is the King afraid of the General?” asked Tristan.  
Orbin shook his head, “I do not think he has even considered such a matter.  As long as he is surrounded by luxury and idleness he cares only that the General maintain order among the commonfolk and cares not how he goes about it.  I am sure the General would make short work of the man if he considered him a threat to his own power but the King is a fool.”  
“Is there no way to displace the General?” asked Darrin.  
Orbin laughed grimly, “he has offered an open challenge to any would-be rival.  If you can best him in single combat, his title shall fall to the victor.  He has already slain a dozen men in such a contest.”  The two Messengers looked confused.  Orbin shook his head, “I would have tried my hand long ago if it were allowed but outsiders cannot participate unless they spend five years in service to the guard.  It must be a native born Krestan who defeats the man or one of his own men of long service.  The guard has only been around as such for a year or so, thus it will be a long wait if we look for a hero from the outside.”  
Darrin looked grim, “so we cannot try the challenge.  Is there any man you can think of who may prove able to defeat the General?”  
Orbin sighed, “again, I would have found him if he existed, but all able-bodied swordsmen in the country have been taken into the guard and none would dare try usurping their leader’s place.  They are paid too well for such things while their fellow countrymen very nearly starve.”  
“What is to be done?” asked Tristan.  
Orbin shook his hoary head, “that is why I sent for you.  I have no idea.”

The three were allowed to clean up a bit and then Orbin arranged an audience with the ever-curious though very indolent King.  They bowed themselves politely into his presence and the King laughed, “a merry bunch of beggars indeed!  Orbin, your friends are more impressive than they were rumored to be.  Have they also come to convince me as ever you have?  I will hear no more foolish arguments.  I am content with my lot and will not be swayed.  If you wish to move mountains you must do something about the General.  I am a mere anthill and content to be so.  If you can supplant the General or somehow change his mind about how things are done I may even abdicate the throne and allow some more intrepid leader to take my place.  I simply wish to enjoy life, not to be encumbered with the bother of a crown.”  
He waved them out before they could say anything and the moment they found themselves in the corridor an anxious servant asked them to follow.  They trailed after the man, knowing that they were bound for the General’s quarters.  The servant bowed deeply and announced them to the mysterious Tate.  They made their own bows and stood in a line opposite the man.  He looked at them curiously across a desk littered with various reports and scrolls.  He seemed vaguely amused for some reason.
Tate said, “ah Orbin, ever seeking to right the wrongs you feel I inflict upon the unsuspecting masses!  I fear even your small army of do-gooders will avail you nothing.  The King is an idle fool and content to be so.  I have the country firmly in hand and will not be moved.  Any attempt on your parts to interfere will be seen as treason and will be dealt with accordingly.  The only way that I will abandon my current post is by treachery or untimely death, unless of course some peasant manages to best me in my ever standing challenge.  Alas that the Brethren do not qualify, I would love to cross swords with such renowned warriors.  However it does serve as an excellent distraction from treachery and has established my reputation as a legendary swordsman.  Any who wish to overthrow me simply must bide their time until they can challenge me to a legal duel.  I also have all the best swordsmen in the land under my command thus my challengers have all been relatively incompetent thus assuring my victory and legend.  But I grow weary of explaining these trifles to you.  All four of you are to be gone from Krest in three days’ time or I will consider you renegades and traitors.  I doubt you can corrupt the King or myself but I will not have such idealists stirring up trouble amongst the peasantry.  Be gone.”  The Brethren shared a surprised look but had no choice but to leave his presence. 
They spent an uneasy night discussing what to do but could come up with nothing.  Their only choice was to leave in the morning and perhaps find some inspiration on the journey out of the country.  Perhaps the Master would provide hope unlooked for to deliver these people from their oppression.  Tristan asked of Orbin that night, “what of these mysterious bandits we hear spoken of?”  
Orbin shook his head, “I know little more than you.  Perhaps less.  I hear no gossip and am not in on the councils of the General or his men.  But we cannot start a war.”  
Darrin nodded, “I dread facing the Lady with our apparent failure but you are correct in your supposition.  A war would be an even greater tragedy than our inability to end this oppression by other means.”  They retired to an uneasy sleep and left early in the morning, their hearts as heavy as the lowering clouds that threatened rain.  
“Perhaps we can find these outlaws and at least speak with them?” asked Tristan.  
Darrin nodded, “I have no better plan and we have three days to make it to the border.”  
Orbin shook his head amusedly and said, “the General has been hunting these supposed outlaws for months and cannot find them.  How are we to find them in so short a time?”  
Tristan smiled ruefully, “at least it gives us something to do and it is one avenue we have not fully explored.”  
“Very well,” said Orbin, “what else have we to do?”  Dorn just shook his head.  He had no better ideas and could only follow where Tristan went.
It was a quick jaunt for the unicorns to return to the little glade wherein the Brethren had hidden their swords and other equipment.  It was illegal for them to be so armed but they wished not to be found by either the rebels or the guards in so helpless a condition.  They would rely upon the unicorns to swiftly outrun any overwhelming pursuit.  Orbin had been allowed to keep his blade as an emissary to the King though he had not wielded the thing in over a century.  Away from the prying eyes of the guards, the unicorns resumed a less repulsive equine visage.  It had been a strange journey and even this reprieve brought a little cheer into their lives.  As they repacked their baggage they discussed where to go in search of the rebels.
Orbin said, “nothing can ghost through the woods like a unicorn.  Let us ride about and see what we can find and do our best to avoid the guards while perhaps catching the rebels unawares.”  
Darrin laughed, “that is no plan at all but it is the best we have.  Perhaps we should ride the borders just in case the General’s men find us.  It would not do to be found here after our three days have expired.”  
Dorn asked, “will it not break Oath to violate the General’s dictum?”  
Tristan smiled at his apprentice and said, “yes we are violating the laws of this country, but it is those very laws that are unjust.  We are not intending harm against the innocent and wish to resolve this peacefully and may yet do so.  I do not like disobeying laws or rules but sometimes it is necessary to see that justice is done or restored.  If we break such edicts for selfish gain we would break Oath, but this is done in hopes of rescuing an oppressed people.  This still does not justify murder, theft, or any other crime against others.  If such a choice is before us we must abide by the Oath, regardless of the consequences.”
Dorn shook his head in confusion, “how will I know what will or won’t violate the Oath?  It all seems so confusing.”  
Darrin smiled, “listen to your heart and your conscience and they will not lead you astray.  How do you feel about our present course of action?”  
Dorn said, “it seems to me that it is the only possible way to free the Krestans of tyranny.  The laws of men must give way to the ways of the Master.  Unjust laws are no laws at all.”  
Tristan asked, “what if a bandit decides that all laws are unjust?  Would he be justified in his actions, as we feel we are justified in wearing our weapons or remaining here longer than three days?”  
Dorn looked scandalized, “we are not denying the laws of men simply for our own gain as would the bandit.  We do so only when absolutely necessary in hopes of restoring justice and peace to those oppressed.  In such a case the laws of men may not bind us but the laws of the Master certainly do.  The bandit has no such restriction and can act as he pleases until he is stopped.  We must act within the bounds of the Oath.”  
Tristan smiled proudly, “you have learned much.”  The boy blushed and the others shared a brief smile.  They were soon in their saddles, each wondering how to find these legendary outlaws, if they even existed.  They need not have worried.  The outlaws kept a careful watch for any potential targets and had scouts abroad at all times.  Four armed men on decent horses abroad in Krest must certainly be numbered among the Guard.  They had only to wait for the opportune moment to strike.

The four rode about for the better part of the day and encountered neither outlaws nor soldiers.  The unicorns also failed to sense men or horses in the immediate area.  They found a secluded spot to camp but made no fire, as they wished to be the hunters and a fire might draw unwanted attention.  They wanted to come upon the rebels rather than having them drawn to their fire like so many moths, and hoped to avoid the Guard entirely.  The four took turns standing watch and the unicorns did not stray far in the night.  It was the darkest hour of the night when Dorn’s unicorn alerted him to the fact that there were several armed figures abroad in the woods.  He was standing watch and he quickly turned to wake the others, but did not get far.
He soon found himself facing an armed foe in the scant light of the waxing moon.  The sound of steel on steel was warning enough to rouse the others before they could be slain where they lay.  Darrin and Tristan were long used to such things and had their swords in hand almost before they were fully awake.  Orbin groggily joined them and hoped his hands remembered their old skill.  The interlopers did not appear to be members of the Guard and Tristan hoped they had found their rebels.  Now all they had to do was survive the encounter.  He ran to the aid of his embattled apprentice.  Dorn’s foe seemed possessed of great skill with a blade and the boy was barely holding his own and on the verge of panic.
Tristan jumped into the fray and sent the boy to help Orbin.  Darrin was busy with two of his own foes while Orbin struggled vainly against a single foe.  The unicorns were busy holding off the others lest their masters be overwhelmed.  It would have been far easier just to kill the intruders, but all their hopes rested on this small band of outlaws and they were needed alive.  Darrin disabled one of his foes and the other quickly followed.  Orbin and Dorn between them were able to neutralize their opponent.  The three then turned to watch Tristan in his deadly dance with Dorn’s former adversary.  The deadly exchange looked more a choreographed dance rather than a fight for survival.  Each man struck and blocked in perfect unison, steel never touched flesh.  
All about them, the rest of the band tried to break through the protective square formed by the unicorns but the creatures held them back with teeth and hooves.  They as yet felt no need to reveal their true forms.  The outlaws were perplexed as to the strange behavior of the horses.  They might expect such behavior of trained guard dogs, but horses?  They ceased trying to breach the perimeter and watched, as did the three Brethren, the silent dance between Tristan and their leader.  The three fallen outlaws started to stir and were also captivated by the deadly scene.  Finally Tristan jumped back and sheathed his blade.  
“Enough!” said he, laughing.  
The other stood back in confusion.  For a moment both stared at one another and then the outlaw said, “why do you stop?  You do not grow weary it seems.  Why have you not killed my men?”
Tristan said, “we are not your enemies.”  
The rebel cocked his head in confusion, “you do not ride with the Guard?”  
Tristan laughed, “we have no such allegiance.”  
His foe asked, “how then do you come to possess weapons and decent mounts in these troubled lands if not by the leave of the General?”  
Darrin smiled, “the General sent us packing a day ago.  He is not currently aware that we still inhabit Krest or that we are so armed.  We were sent to restore justice to your people and cannot fathom leaving ere we accomplish our goal.  We are in fact seeking you, I think.”  
“Me?” asked the startled outlaw, “What have I to do with you?  And who would send so few warriors to retake Krest?”  
Orbin grumbled, “I am no warrior but a philosopher.”  
Now the outlaw sounded truly confused, “three warriors and a scholar?  What strange tale have we fallen into this night?”  
Tristan laughed, “please forgive my friend.  It has been a very long time since he has had to endure such an adventure.”  
“You still have not told me under whose banner you ride and what you would have of me?” said the outlaw.  
Tristan said, “we are of the Brethren and were sent to help restore peace and justice to your land.  The King and General are unwilling to cooperate, thus we have sought out your band of rebels in hopes of another answer, though we cannot assist in starting a war or open rebellion.”
“The Brethren?” said the outlaw, “And here I thought the Brethren a myth!  This at least explains the unusual behavior of your mounts.  Come, I think we have much to speak of.  We wish also to end the oppression of my people but see no choice but war.”
The outlaw motioned for his men to follow as well as the Brethren.  They ghosted off into the night and found their way along an almost invisible path that wound through a tangle of overgrown thorn bushes and jutting rocks.  In the very center they found a small encampment of around twenty men.  The sun was beginning to rise and a grey light filtered through the surrounding trees.  As they entered the camp the outlaw removed his cloak and mask to reveal a young woman.
Dorn gaped, “I was nearly bested by a girl.”  
Tristan laughed, “Piper would not be pleased to hear that, neither would the Lady or any of your female comrades.”  The boy blushed and said no more.  
The leader of the outlaws laughed, “if I were a man they would have had me in the Guard had I liked it or not.  But as a woman I have been happily overlooked, thus I am able to wage my own war against these vile men.”  She turned to Tristan, “you are not much older than I yet wield a blade better than almost anyone I have ever heard of.”  
Tristan laughed, “I am twice your age and only long experience kept your blade from my throat.  How does a girl your age come to possess such skill?”  
The girl looked surprised but said, “I have wielded a sword since I could hold one.  My father was a great swordsman and taught me all I know.  They killed him when he refused to join the Guard.”  
Tristan said, “I am sorry to hear that.  Are these all of your followers?”
The girl smiled, “no, there are half a dozen such bands dispersed throughout the country.  We are those who wish not to be forced into the Guard and wish to oppose all the General stands for.  What do you propose if you will not endorse open war?  Surely it would be a just war?”  
Darrin shook his head, “we do not start wars.  We end them.  If we can, we must end this peacefully or abandon our quest altogether.”  
Tristan said, “I would risk my own life if I could but I am barred from such as a foreigner.  You however are native born to Krest?”  
The girl nodded, “yes but what has that to do with anything?”  
Tristan looked grim, “you are aware of the General’s standing challenge?”  The girl shook her head.
Tristan looked to Orbin and he said, “the General will face any challenger to single combat and the winner will assume his title.  The loser is buried in an unmarked grave.  He will only face a native born Krestan or a foreigner who has served him at least five years.  Thus we cannot face him.  But you can.”
The girl looked surprised, “you wish me to face him?”  
Tristan nodded, “you are highly skilled with a blade.  It may be the only way to free your people without the massive slaughter of thousands of innocents.  But the decision is yours.”  
“Am I skilled enough?” asked the girl.  
Darrin laughed, “you can hold Tristan at bay and there are few in the world who can do that.”
Orbin nodded, “you would at least be an even match for the General.  All of his other foes have been greatly lacking in skill.  But the choice must be yours.”  
“You really think I could do it?” asked she.  The four Brethren nodded.  She sighed, “then I must try, if only to spare my people the destruction I know a war will bring.  When shall this little contest commence?”  
Tristan said, “we should sleep today and then approach the General on the morrow before our allotted time to remain in Krest expires.  We will see that things are done fairly.”
The rest of the rebels were not happy about the possibility of losing their leader but they also saw the advantages of such a contest.  They settled down and slept most of the day.  That night they rode towards the castle and slept again in a secluded spot until morning when they would make their challenge.  Kasia rode with the Brethren while the rest of the outlaws remained in their camp in case things went ill.  Tristan knew he was risking the General’s wrath by daring such a thing but it was their only chance.  They stood outside the city gates and the guards eyed them skeptically.
The Captain said, “are not you four supposed to be banished?”  
Tristan smiled, “we have come as escort to this young lady and shall be out of Krest by sunset as required by your General.”  
The men looked skeptical but Kasia broke in and said, “I wish to challenge the General to single combat in order to claim his title.”  
The guards laughed, “you?  Go home girl before you get hurt.”  
Orbin said, “any native born Krestan may offer the challenge and it must be accepted, unless the General has suddenly developed a fear that he might be bested?  We shall certainly understand.”
The guard looked irritated, “very well but you have been warned.”  They were escorted to the castle gates by a pair of the guards and the message was sent to the General.  The General himself appeared in the courtyard of the castle to address his challenger.  
He faced the Brethren, “did I not tell you to be gone?”  
Tristan shrugged, “you gave us three days and by my count that gives us until this evening to make the borders.  We have come to see that this contest is conducted fairly.”  
“Very well,” snarled the General, “but no tricks.  It seems a pity to slay so beautiful a young woman.  Perhaps you would care for a more comfortable position at my side rather than as my foe?”
The girl looked aghast, “I hereby challenge you to single combat to claim the title that is not rightfully yours and to avenge my father, slain because he would not join your thieving hordes.”
The General grinned coldly, “I shall enjoy watching you die.  Come, it is time to see if your sword is as sharp as your tongue.”  
The four Brethren, Kasia, the General, and most of Guards, servants, and courtiers made their way out to the fields surrounding the city.  The General supplied the girl with an acceptable blade and an official was appointed.  The Brethren watched closely to see that there was no treachery.  The official marked off the ring and the two combatants faced one another.  They bowed politely and faced off.  Almost the entire population of the castle turned out to watch (save the King, who was busy with vital indolence elsewhere).  The population of the city refrained from watching, as they had seen far too many of their fellows thus slain and had no wish to witness another pointless death.  The Guards watched with anticipation.  How dare a mere girl challenge their undefeatable leader!
The two approached one another and exchanged a few half-hearted blows to judge their opponent’s timing and skills before launching into a full out assault.  The two were very evenly matched and whirled about in a dance of steel and death but metal never touched flesh.  For several minutes the audience watched spellbound and forgot even to breath.  Finally the girl scored a glancing blow on her opponent’s shoulder but this did not slow the General in the least.  He pushed his attack even harder and the only sign of her small victory was torn cloth and a thin line of red.  This time it was his turn to score but he inflicted as little damage as he had received.  He smiled coldly, “you fight well for one so young!”  
She laughed, “does that mean you are not so skilled for one so old?”  
This angered him and he used the feeling to fall upon the girl like an avalanche.  It was all she could do to hold him off.  Seeing her desperate defense, he pressed in for the kill.  So focused was he on the attack that he failed to see her one small, desperate attempt at a counter attack.  She blocked his blade and then turned suddenly, using the momentum of the stroke to come at his momentarily unprotected flank.  Sword met flesh and he sank to the ground, clutching at his side.  “Finish it,” he growled, “or are you too weak to kill a defeated foe?”  
She sheathed her blade and said, “there is no weakness in mercy.”  
The stricken man laughed bitterly, “yes, but if you wish to take my place you must learn to be merciless lest your enemies consume you.”  He grasped his blade desperately and flung himself at the unarmed girl.  She jumped aside at the last moment and in one fluid motion drew her sword and was again on the defensive.
That last, desperate lunge seemed to drain the General of his strength and he lay upon the ground, his face deathly pale.  He gasped, “how did a girl come by such skill?”  
She said simply, “I am the only child of the late Lord Hyler, whom your men slew when he would not yield to your vile intentions.”  
“Hyler?” gasped the man, “He was the man that taught me.”
Tears ran down her cheeks, “and he thought of you as a son but you repaid his kindness and attention with murder.”  
“I did not even know he had been slain…” the General’s words trailed off and he never said more.  Thus was his tyranny ended.  The watching Guards stood about in silent trepidation.  Who was this woman that would now lead them?  
Tristan approached her respectfully and whispered, “lady, you have a country to lead.”  
Wiping away her tears and gathering her courage, she faced the men now under her command, “this will be as strange a transition for me as it is for you.  I plan to do things very differently than your late General.  Any who disagree may leave the Guard now.  Any who cause trouble will face a similar fate as the General.  Any questions?”  She might be young but she had a will of iron and a natural ability to lead.  No one dared turn against her and those that disagreed, quietly disappeared.  Happily, many of the men within the Guard were appalled at their leader’s ambitions and treatment of their countrymen and were delighted to have a change in leadership.  Kasia sadly wondered why they had not the heart to act against their leader while he yet lived.  She sighed, perhaps they would have ended like her father and she would have been left with no likeminded followers at all.  Things had worked out for the best and she should not complain or question their courage, late in coming though it was.  She would need them in the coming days.
The King was quickly fetched and confronted by Kasia and the Brethren.  He was quite shocked at recent events but was content to leave the ruling of the country to the girl as long as she agreed to let him retire in peace to his country estates.  She was aghast, “you left your people in the hands of a tyrant and yet expect me to let you walk away unpunished?”  
He smiled benignly, “if you wish to avoid civil war and a long fight for the Kingship of Krest, I would advise it.”  
She looked to the Brethren, “how would you advise me in this matter?”  
Darrin shook his head, “I am afraid he has the right of it.  Technically he has committed no crimes and banishment to his estates might be considered a form of punishment.  It is at least political expediency though it seems he gets off far too easily for standing aside and watching the oppression of his people.  If he were the least bit repentant I would feel far better about it.”  
Tristan nodded glumly, “it seems we must grant him mercy, however undeserved, to see that justice is done by your people.”  
Orbin said, “we can ask for no easier terms though our own hearts may be unhappy with the lack of vengeance dealt out to this man.  One way or another he shall face justice for his crimes but I do not think it our part to mete it out at this place and time.”  
Kasia said, “much as I hate to do thus, so shall it be.”  
The former King smiled at the new Queen, “ah my dear, your father would be proud.  Fear not an old and idle man.  My family and I shall trouble your reign no longer.  Long may justice and peace reign in Krest.”  He immediately left the room and began ordering his servants to start packing.  The five exchanged startled and amused glances.  Perhaps he simply was an old fool, unsuited to reign and deal with all the problems attendant thereunto.
In the ensuing weeks, the new Queen was crowned and justice restored to the nation.  The worst of the Guards were punished for their vile deeds, the less foul were dismissed, and the rest were given a second chance at acting the honorable men the Queen hoped they could be.  The outlaws were called back and either returned home or added their numbers to the Guard.  Kasia’s second-in-command took the General’s place and quickly made the necessary adjustments to restore the Guard to its proper function and service.  The people of Krest rejoiced greatly at the sudden change and supported fully their new Queen.  Orbin was again welcomed back to his advisory role and the Queen asked that others of the Brethren be sent to edify her people.  
Darrin and Tristan promised the Lady would happily fulfill such a request.  With much joy and a little sorrow, the three Brethren said farewell to Krest.  As they rode for Astoria Dorn said, “I do not know if I could ever handle being a Messenger!  Things are so complicated and delicate that I fear I would wreak havoc if assigned such a task myself.”  
Darrin laughed, “negotiation with a sword is far easier at times.  But I have come to enjoy the diversity of my assignments.  Perhaps one day you will come to do the same?  But if it is martial skill you wish to acquire, the Lady has chosen you a proper mentor.  Of course there is much he can also teach you about many other things as well.”  Tristan looked sheepish at his former mentor’s praise.  Darrin smiled and said, “of course he learned almost everything from me.”  They all shared a good laugh and continued the long journey home.


Chapter 6

Winter was passing into spring and the journey north was much more pleasant than the road south had been.  They traveled more slowly, as they were not driven by haste on the return trip.  Thus Dorn was able to benefit from the wisdom and experience of both men.  On a night of soaking rain, they chose to stop for the evening at an inn along their path.  Three soggy travelers wrapped in dripping cloaks caused no comment as they gratefully made their way into the inn.  The common room was packed with travelers in a similar state.  The three claimed the last available room, which also happened to be the smallest, but they were used to far worse habitations so it was of no consequence.  At least they would be dry.  They laid out their saturated gear to dry and then traipsed back to the common room and sat before the fire trying to dry themselves.  Once they were in a state of marginal dampness, they found one of the few unclaimed tables and sat down to a hot meal.
As they ate, Dorn glanced around the room idly while Tristan and Darrin focused on their food.  Dorn noticed a man staring at Tristan with some interest.  They looked of an age and could very possibly be brothers.  Tristan saw Dorn focused on something in the common room and followed his gaze.  He very nearly jumped out of his chair when he saw the eerily similar man.  He exchanged an amused glance with Dorn.  Darrin noticed the silent exchange and looked questioningly at his fellows.  Tristan motioned minutely with his head towards his peculiar twin.  Darrin raised his eyebrows upon seeing the fellow.  “You never said you had a brother,” said Darrin quietly.
Tristan shook his head, “I do not.  I was an only child.”  The three goggled at the coincidence.
Seeing that he had been noticed, the stranger invited himself over to the table shared by the three Brethren.  He smiled at Tristan and said, “may I say that you are a very handsome fellow?”  
Tristan shook his head and smiled, “it is uncanny, I must say.  Did I not know better I might mistake you for myself.”  
The man sat down and said, “perhaps we are related?”  
Tristan shook his head, “I doubt it.  I come from a very small family.”  
“We might not be brothers but perhaps cousins?” said the man, “Sometimes such things happen.  Who are your parents and from whence do you come?”  
Tristan sighed, “I suppose it will not hurt anything; I am very curious myself.  My father was called Dulwin and my mother was Amara.  I grew up on a small farm near an inconsequential village called Rune’s Ford.”
The man looked pleased, “we are cousins!  Our fathers were brothers.  My father was Robyn.”  
Tristan frowned, “I know my father’s brother went wandering at a young age, shortly after their parents died but we never heard anything more and my father feared the worst.  I was only a child at the time.”
The stranger laughed, “my father did indeed go wandering and his journeys took him far to the south where he married a girl and settled in Salita.  I have four sisters, all of whom are married to respectable farmers.  My father sadly died some years ago.  What of your family?  I knew I had a cousin who would be nearing forty by now, are you a younger brother?”  
Tristan shook his head sadly, “my parents died before I came of age and I was forced to make my own way in the world.  I was the only child.  That was twenty years ago.” 
The stranger said, “I hope I look half so good in ten years!  I would not have guessed you were nearer forty than twenty.  So what brings you to this part of the world?”  
Tristan smiled grimly, “we are just returned from Krest.”
The other man whistled, “Krest, now there is a place no sane person would go.  Whatever took you there?”
Tristan shrugged, “we had some little business to settle and I think now sane men may perhaps safely venture thither.”
The stranger laughed, “I hope so, I have heard dreadful rumors of that country of late.”  
Tristan asked, “so how do you make a living?  Have you any family?”  
The man smiled, “I am an adventurer and go wherever I please, surviving by whatever odd jobs and good fortune comes my way.  I have no family to speak of, save my sisters and my mother.  I am somewhat of a disgrace in their eyes as they wish to see me settled down with a respectable wife and a ‘proper’ livelihood.  They do not understand my desire to see the world.  What of you?”  
Tristan shrugged, “I wander the world as well, but do so at the bidding of a certain Lady rather than of my own volition.  She tells me where I must go and what I must accomplish there, but I would not have it otherwise.  I have no family save my comrades.”  
The stranger smiled, “perhaps we could wander the world together?  Our swords together must be better than a lonely blade.”  
Tristan shook his head, “as I said I am not free for such things.”  
The stranger laughed, “why so loyal to this Lady of yours?  Why not forsake her and join your own kin upon the adventure of a lifetime?”  
Darrin laughed, “you will need to be far more convincing than that.  The Oath by which we are bound is not easily abandoned.”
The stranger laughed, “chivalry is all well and good within reason, but not when it denies you the very essence of life: freedom!”
Tristan smiled, “we freely chose our current duties and only death will sever my vows.”
The stranger shook his head in dismay, “in appearance we are kin but I fear our desires and ambitions must take after our respective mothers.  May I accompany you for a time then if you will not come with me?  Perhaps one or the other of us might come to a change of heart?”  
Tristan looked to Darrin, who said, “I see no reason that you could not come with us.  We are on a return journey and are in no haste.”  
Tristan said, “it would be interesting to learn more of perhaps all that remains of my kin.”  
Kilmer looked to the boy, “and who are you lad?”  
Dorn looked a little nervous but said, “I am called Dorn.  I am Tristan’s apprentice and go wherever the Lady sends him.”  
Kilmer looked confused, “apprentice?  What are you, some sort of a traveling blacksmith?”  
Tristan laughed, “no, the boy is as much a warrior and adventurer as any of us.  He just needs some time spent under the guidance of a more experienced traveler before he is sent out on his own.”  
Kilmer laughed, “why are you not off on adventures of your own lad instead of tagging after these two old men?  Youth is when you should be off discovering the world for yourself.”  
Dorn shook his head, “the Lady has spoken and I must obey.  Besides, one tends to live longer this way.”  
Kilmer looked perplexed, “I suppose you are right, but it certainly takes most of the fun out life.”  Dorn could not understand what the man was talking about.  He was as confused as Kilmer.  Darrin and Tristan shared an amused smile at the mutual misunderstanding between the two. 
Changing the subject, Kilmer asked, “so who is this Lady of yours?  I suppose she must be very rich, powerful, and beautiful to win such devotion from her servants?”  The three looked somewhat scandalized that anyone might think so of the Lady.  Kilmer frowned, “why do you look at me as if I am a heretic?”  
Tristan broke the uneasy silence with a laugh, “I apologize for our reaction, it is just hard to remember that others do not esteem the Lady as we.  It is hard to imagine someone describing her as they might a common noble woman.”  
“A common noble woman?” asked Kilmer incredulously, “Quite a contrast in terms I think.”  
Darrin laughed, “Tristan has the right of it I think.  There are very many noble women scattered about the face of the earth but I doubt any could match the Lady in the respect she engenders from her followers.”  
Kilmer snorted, “I see you hold her in high regard.  Is she married, and if not, would she be interested in a man like me?”  All three again looked scandalized but also vastly amused.  
Darrin laughed, “I fear she is a little old for you.  She is twice my age I think and more.”  Darrin looked to be in his mid-thirties and doing the math Kilmer did not think to court a woman thrice his age.  
He said, “it will be an adventure in itself to see why you hold this woman in such regard.”  They spent the rest of the evening speaking on less baffling topics and then retired to their respective rooms.
When they were alone, Darrin said to Tristan, “you may look alike but your hearts could not be more different.”  
Tristan smiled sadly at his old friend, “and who knows what I would have turned out like had you not taken pity on a poor thief.  Kilmer might have turned out differently if given the same chance.”  
Darrin shook his head, “you were a thief out of necessity but have always had a gentle heart.  This man I fear is a thief by choice or at least one willing to take advantage of whomever he may.  I do not fully trust him.”  
“Then why are we letting him come along?” asked Dorn.  
Tristan smiled, “because we hope to have a positive influence on his questionable ways.  The worst that can happen is he gets disgusted with our respectability and leaves in frustration.  Astoria can be good for him if he gives it a chance.  But I fear he prides himself on playing the rogue and such an attitude is not conducive to a change of heart and mind.”  The other two nodded sadly and, with those disheartening thoughts, sought their beds.
Their intriguing companion met them in the common room in the morning and together they made their way out into the freshly washed world.  The unicorns were reluctant to travel with the fellow but as their masters were determined, they had no say in the matter.  When they could, the creatures preferred to travel only in company with their fellows and the Brethren.  These mixed outings were not only slower but the unicorns were not fully trusting of their non-Brethren companions.  They set out in the glorious golden radiance of the morning and relished the very sweetness of the air.  
As they rode along, Kilmer engaged the men in conversation as best he could but soon found himself relegated to a listener as one or the other told some tale or quizzed the boy on some aspect of the Common Law.  It made for a very tedious ride if one was not interested in that sort of thing.  They stopped briefly at midday for a rest and a light meal from their saddlebags. 
Kilmer asked of Tristan, “what are you, some sort of traveling philosopher?  I have never heard such carrying-on during a ride as I endured this morning.  You carry swords but can you use them?”  
Tristan laughed, “if you insist on traveling with us you must tolerate our peculiar ways.  The Lady expects our minds to be as sharp as our swords, and that we know how to use both effectively.  If you wish, you may spar with the boy, if only to offer him a little practice with an unknown foe.”  This seemed to please the man and the pair soon found themselves facing one another with the two elder Brethren looking on.  
The man was confident, strong, and quick.  The boy was nervous, cautious, but had a natural grace and balance.  The boy had had the best instruction Astoria could offer; the man was mostly self-taught.  The boy’s form was excellent and he could execute it flawlessly.  The man was well versed in rough and tumble fighting.  The boy had far more experience facing a foe in a structured and supervised environment, while the man knew little of rules or regulations.  The clash of the two was interesting to watch.  The man attacked quickly and with great confidence.  The boy shied back but blocked effectively.  The strange tangle continued with both being careful not to injure their opponent.  Tristan thought this an excellent experience for Dorn, though Dorn was not particularly enjoying the lack of formality with which his foe fought.  
Later he confronted Tristan about it, saying, “the man fights with no rules or set forms.  How am I to anticipate him?”  
Tristan smiled, “those with formal sword training may perhaps be a bit easier to anticipate but I think his fighting style much more realistic for many of the foes you will one day face.  Many men have not had the formal training that you have enjoyed.  Most have learned as they go and acquire their knowledge by accident or from a myriad of different people.  If anything, you will learn to think on your feet!  We shall continue this experiment if Kilmer is willing.”  
In fact Kilmer was more than willing and the sparring became a regular part of their midday routine.  Kilmer learned a few things from the boy, and even managed to learn a few things from the elder Brethren in the lessons they were giving Dorn as they rode.  He still wondered if he had fallen in with a troupe of traveling scholars.
Kilmer had not the funds to spend many nights at an inn and the Brethren refrained from such unless the weather was inclement thus most of their nights were spent in the open.  Kilmer often left camp almost as soon as they stopped and went in search of a local watering hole hoping for some female companionship, a little ale, or perhaps a lively game of darts or dice.  More often than not he returned to camp without success either because there was no tavern to be found nearby or the occupants were distrustful of the stranger and were not free with their coin as was his wont.  He was then forced to endure an evening of stories from the elder Brethren.  
It seemed they took great pleasure in boring him with histories and esoteric laws.  The boy seemed to thrive on such a bland diet.  He also wondered at their apparent lack of interest in the more exciting things in life that he felt he could not live without.  The few nights they did stop at an inn the three only had one mug of the local wine during the whole course of the evening.  They were happy to speak with anyone who wished a conversation but were very respectful of the serving maids and the occasional lady of ill-repute who haunted such establishments.  He questioned Tristan on their scandalous behavior one night saying, “have you no fun in life?  What is life for, if not to enjoy?  You have not so much as gotten drunk or ogled a woman since we met.”  
Tristan laughed, “we find much joy and amusement in life but not perhaps in ways you appreciate.  Getting drunk is conducive to nothing but a headache on the morrow and no memory of the previous night.  What is the use of engaging a woman in meaningless affection?  It wastes the time of both and does a great disservice to the lady in question.”
The man looked at his cousin as if he were mad.  Tristan only smiled and Darrin shook his head.  Dorn just wondered how such a rascally man endured their company for so long.  They must seem very boring and tedious to him.  Kilmer was astonished by the strange men with whom he traveled, and it was sheer curiosity to discover what they were really up to that kept him in their company.  No man could truthfully say he enjoyed such a strict and rigid lifestyle without being up to something grand.  His cousin and he could not be that much different in their thinking, there must be an ulterior motive.  It never occurred to the man to take the Brethren at their word.  
They steadily headed north and were drawing nigh to Astoria when Kilmer finally questioned their destination.  He said, “where exactly are we going?  We are definitely not headed towards the Eastern Realms or the North Countries.  I doubt you wish to make a tour of the Wilds.”
Tristan said, “we ride for Astoria, which is somewhere between the three and close to nowhere in particular.”  
“Astoria!” said the man, “I thought it only a myth.  This will be an adventure indeed though the whole trip may be a royal waste of time if the whole country is as dull as you three.”  
Tristan laughed, “there is enjoyment to be found by all who seek it, though perhaps not to your liking.  You can always turn back whenever you wish.”
Astoria?  The city was considered myth by many in the South.  He could not imagine his cousin actually belonging to these so-called Brethren but then the very strangeness of their behavior might be fully explained by that very fact.  He confronted Tristan upon it, “is not this Astoria of yours home to the Brethren?”  Tristan nodded.  Kilmer said, “are you three perhaps numbered among them?”  
Tristan smiled, “we are.”  
Kilmer’s jaw dropped, “but I thought the Brethren as mythical as the city they inhabit: a simple tale to teach children manners and morality.”  
Tristan said, “do I look like a myth?”  
Kilmer laughed weakly, “I suppose not but there are very strange tales of what it means to belong to such a sect.”
Tristan nodded, “perhaps the truth is stranger still.  You may feel free to discover for yourself what it means to belong to the Brethren when we reach Astoria.  We will happily answer your questions, but in Astoria you can experience it first hand.”  Dorn and Darrin watched the exchange with some amusement.  Kilmer wondered how he could use a whole city full of such obsessive moralists to his advantage.  He would have to wait and see what he found when they finally reached their destination.  They pressed on for several more days and finally crossed the borders.  The three Brethren exchanged happy smiles as they crossed into the familiar countryside.  As the afternoon dwindled, the city rose before them.

Kilmer had seen many of the world’s great cities in his extensive travels.  Astoria was not all that impressive either in its size or the greatness of its architecture, but it seemed well-built and of reasonable size, if not the greatest he had ever seen.  A sizable city in its own right seemed to have grown up about the walls of the original city.  The people thronging the streets finishing their last errands of the day seemed remarkably happy and content.  Kilmer smiled, there was always profit to be made in places where peace and contentment had long held sway and suspicions tended to run low.  He might enjoy this after all.  He noticed the guards upon the gates questioning most of those intent on entering the city.  They tossed a casual salute to Tristan and Darrin but otherwise paid them no heed.  
The people inside the city seemed just as content as the people in the town outside the walls.  They wound their way to the castle and rode right through the gates without stopping to even speak to the guards.  They dismounted and a servant came to fetch Kilmer’s horse.  The three Brethren unharnessed their animals and handed the saddlebags and tack over to several waiting servants but let their mounts wander at will.  One of the guards approached as Kilmer was observing these strange events and asked for his sword.
“What?” asked the confused man.  He glanced at his companions but they were busy with their mounts.  
“May I have your sword sir?” asked the guard politely, “You may retrieve it from the guardhouse whenever you wish to leave.”  
“I do not understand,” said Kilmer, “my friends do not seem to be bothered by such trivialities as this.”
The guard looked pleadingly to Tristan for help in dealing with the recalcitrant Kilmer.  Tristan approached the man and said, “you are not allowed armed in the keep or in the presence of the Lady.”  
Kilmer raised his eyebrows, “I can understand such rules but why are you three not likewise disarming yourselves?”  
Darrin laughed, “the rule does not apply to those who have taken the Oath.”  
Seeing that he would not get anywhere by arguing he complied with the patient guard’s request.  “Come,” said Tristan, “the Lady wishes to see us immediately.”  Kilmer followed the others, wondering what this Lady of theirs would be like.  The servant that led them into her presence announced them and then withdrew.  The three bowed deeply and Kilmer did his best, though bowing was something to which he was not accustomed.  He hated going anywhere where such formality was considered necessary.  The Lady goggled at the similarities in appearance between Tristan and Kilmer.  She smiled warmly and motioned them to step closer.  Kilmer gazed at the regal though aging woman with some trepidation, wisdom and confidence sparkled in her eyes and he knew she was not one with whom he felt comfortable trifling.  He had hoped she would be a senile or doddering old fool.  He might be better served to bait an angry bull.  
“Welcome to Astoria,” said she to Kilmer, “may I ask what brings you to my humble city?”  
Kilmer did his best to put on a flattering smile and with a flamboyant bow said, “curiosity, has drawn me thither.  I encountered my kinsman by chance and was intrigued by his tales and have thus traveled to your fabled city.”  
The Lady nodded absently, “please stay and make yourself at home.  If you have any questions please feel free to ask any of my servants.  Though, I must ask that while you abide with us that you behave in a manner appropriate to our laws and sensibilities.”  Kilmer gaped at her apparent ability to read his mind.  She smiled at his surprise, “fear not, I cannot read minds but I have long experience in judging the hearts and yearnings of men.  It is not difficult to see that you wish to take certain advantage of our hospitality.  You may do so within respectability, any unwarranted behavior may lead to your swift dismissal.  Am I understood?”  The man nodded dumbly and she said, “very well, the servant shall see to your comfort.  I must speak with your companions ere I turn them loose on their own errands.  They will find you when I have finished with them.”  The man nodded dully and followed the servant from the room like a scolded child.  
The Lady then turned her attention to her three servants and heard in full their recounting of happenings in Krest.  “Very good,” said she, “things have turned out very well indeed.  I shall certainly comply with their request and send some of our Teachers thither.”  She smiled at Tristan, “and what of your long lost kinsman?”  
Tristan laughed, “it seems our fathers were brothers, though I knew not that I yet had any living kin.  We have a similar appearance but I fear our hearts are quite dissimilar.”  
“So it seems,” sighed the Lady, “though I would happily take another of your talents into my service, I fear your cousin’s heart is as yet unsuited for such a thing.  Perhaps with time and influence, though I doubt even that will have an effect on his mischievous intentions.”
The Lady dismissed them and they went in search of their reluctant guest.  They found Kilmer at supper, engaged in conversation with a group of curious apprentices and students.  He seemed content to remain for a time and learn more of the Brethren and their fastidious ways, or at least to enjoy free room and board.  He avoided classes like the plague but found much interest in interacting with the students (anyone who had already taken the Oath was thought far too stodgy to be thus engaged).  He especially enjoyed speaking with those that were in Astoria simply to take advantage of its educational opportunities and had no intentions of taking the Oath.  Many of these also thought as he that the Brethren were learned but mad.  Occasionally he found time to hassle his cousin, whom the Lady had put to work teaching classes, until she found another assignment in vital need of his attention.  Often he asked Tristan to come away with him and discover the world for himself.  He insisted that Tristan had yet to fully enjoy life and had simply fallen in with the Brethren out of necessity.  Tristan could not understand the man’s devotion to hedonism but endured it as patiently as he could.
Kilmer also frequented the town in hopes of finding something entertaining but always came back disappointed.  It seemed the majority of the townsfolk were as backwards in their thinking as the Brethren.  He had come to the only city on earth where even the dogs and the rats seemed steeped in respectability!  He quickly came to understand that Astoria was not a place he would ever really fit in, save with a radical change of heart, which he did not feel would be a good thing for his chosen lifestyle.  The thing that bothered him the most was that everyone seemed relatively happy and content with their current mode of life.  Perhaps they just did not realize what they were missing?  Did they not understand that the only purpose in life was in pursuing whatever it was that made you happy?  All this nonsense about serving others was a complete waste of time!  He wished them well in their ignorance.
One day as he wandered the streets of the city, lost in idle thought and longing for some form of excitement, he heard a woman’s voice say in surprise, “Tristan!”  He looked up and saw a beautiful woman of an age with himself looking at him at first with great joy and then with deepest concern.  
“Hello gorgeous!” said Kilmer with much interest; it had been long since he had enjoyed any sort of female attention.  
She frowned at him in great agony of heart, “how did you break Oath?”  
Her despair triggered an ephemeral pang of compassion towards another human being, “fear not lady, I am not Tristan; he is my cousin.”  
Relief flooded her face as she said, “I beg your pardon for the confusion but we are old and dear friends, and I at first mistook you for him.  The resemblance is uncanny and it is hard to tell what one of the Brethren looks like after revoking or breaking their Oath.  It happens so seldom.  Though you gladden my heart, for I always thought that he would be the last to do such a thing.”  
Kilmer did not know what to think about being thought one of the fallen Brethren but was intrigued by the lady.  He asked, “how long have you known my cousin?”  
They walked back towards the castle and she said, “about twenty years I think.”  
He goggled at her, “you cannot be of an age with him?”  
She laughed, “time touches us much more lightly than it does other men.  The Lady is rumored to be two hundred years old, though such matters are not considered polite to discuss in mixed company.”  
What strange sorcery was at work in this bizarre city?  Who would choose such a life willingly and then endure such tedium for an extended period of time?  He said, “I take it you are also one of the Brethren?”  
She smiled, “of course.”  
He said, “I just never thought a woman suited to such a lifestyle.”  Then he remembered the Lady and blushed crimson.  
She said gently, “it is a common mistake, as there are far fewer woman than men among our ranks.”
He smiled at her gratefully and said, “and what would it take to win the affections of so valiant a woman?”  
She laughed gaily, “do not aspire to things which you cannot attain.”  
He said, “and who says it is impossible for me to secure your warmest affections?”  
She shook her head, “it is not that you lack the ability to gain my affections but that I am forbidden to pursue such a relationship with one outside the Brethren.  I would not forsake the Master for such a thing.  If you wish to pursue me you must take the Oath and gain the Lady’s approval ere such a union can proceed, but one cannot take the Oath for such a selfish reason.”  
He looked glum, “I do not understand your people in the least!  You deny yourselves the very things that make life worth living and insist that everyone else see things your way.  Why you are not all completely miserable is beyond me.”  
She smiled sadly, “I see you do not understand us.  We have found that the greatest joys in life are found by serving the Master and others with all our hearts.  I pray that you one day find such peace and purpose.”  He stared at her incredulously.  By now they were passing through the castle gates and silently made their way to the noon meal.  He saw Tristan there and saw the man’s face light up as he recognized his old friend.  
He walked quickly over and said, “Emilia!  I see you have encountered my long lost kinsman.  I hope he has not made too much a fool of himself?”  
She smiled warmly at her old friend and said, “besides for giving me a great scare that you had somehow broken Oath, he has been the consummate gentleman.”  Tristan raised his eyebrows skeptically but said nothing of the doubts that played across his face.  She smiled, “I am just returned from the South and have yet to report to the Lady.  How long are you here?  It seems an age since we last saw one another.”
Tristan laughed, “I think it has been a decade at least.  Piper rescued us quite handily a few months ago in the Utter West.  Have you seen Kile of late?  Conrad still lurks in Vespera, as contented as ever I think.”  They spent some little time discussing old friends before she was called away by a servant to report to the Lady.  
After Emilia left, Kilmer turned on his cousin, “she is a remarkable woman and yet you show no interest in her besides that due a sister?”  
Tristan laughed, “perhaps some day a woman shall capture my heart but I do not think it shall ever be Emilia.  She is a dear friend but ever more a sister than a wife.  We have been friends almost since I first came to Astoria.”  
Kilmer gaped, “you have not seen one another in ten years yet can still be friends, how?”  
Tristan smiled, “the years pass quickly for us and a decade seems little more than a year in our previous reckoning.  Such also is our bond with all our comrades that we are ever friends even ere we meet.  The Master, the Oath, and common purpose somehow bind us together more closely than is the wont of other men.” 
Kilmer shook his head, “you continue to baffle me.  If the lady is just arrived, where is her horse?  I did not even see her carrying any luggage for such a journey.”  
Tristan shrugged, “she probably had some errand in town and chose to walk back after sending her mount ahead of her to the castle.  The servants would see that the creature was unharnessed and that her gear was taken to her room.”
“What strange manner of training do your horses endure?” said Kilmer, “You cannot tell me that the stories that associate the Brethren with the unicorns can possibly be true?”  Tristan’s broad smile was answer enough.  Kilmer sighed and said, “you are all mad!  That is all there is to it.”  But thoughts of another nature were beginning to drift through his mind.  Not long after, he himself was called to stand before the Lady.
She said, “it is time you decide whether you will stay or go.  If you stay you must gain some useful employment or enroll as a student.  You cannot remain forever as a guest.”
He had finally worn out his welcome.  He had no wish to remain in the city much longer anyway as he was growing bored with its apparent lack of hedonistic diversions and there seemed little chance of finding some aspect of which he could take advantage.  The people of Astoria were not as complacent and trusting as he had hoped.  He also had no wish to get a job or become a student.  The students were held to a very strict schedule and he had no wish to improve his mind.  He liked it well enough the way it was.  He said very respectfully, “Lady I thank you for your kindness over the last weeks but I feel it is time for me to be going.  I shall leave on the morrow and trouble you no longer.”  
She looked at him sadly and said, “I hope your stay has been beneficial and wish you all the best in your future endeavors.  Remember that we are always here should you find a need for us.  May the Master ride with you.”  He bowed himself from her presence and shook his head, the Master was the last thing he needed right now.  Was he not at fault for the very boggle in which the Brethren found themselves?  If the stories were true and the Master had really died for humankind, would not they all be better off if he had had the decency to remain so instead of coming back to life and making people feel bad for simply enjoying themselves?  He returned to his quarters and began to pack his scant belongings.  He hoped the Lady would be generous in providing provisions for his journey on the morrow.
Tristan found him at supper, “I hear you are leaving.”  
Kilmer nodded, “this place is very dull and my heart yearns for the adventure of the open road.  Perhaps we shall meet again, though if we do not, I at least will not mourn it.  Cousin, you have turned out very tiresome indeed.”  
Tristan laughed, “I am sorry you find me so but such is my fate or so it seems.  I could also hope that you were a bit more grounded but wishing does not change reality.  May the Master ride with you!”  He scowled at the traditional farewell of the Brethren.  Before the meal finished he found some of the more realistically minded students and told them of his plans.  Several agreed to go with him.  There was only one small task yet to accomplish.   In the small hours of the night he crept into the storeroom and borrowed a few things that might be of use when he enacted the scheme currently percolating through his mind.  In the morning he and several of the like-minded students rode off for parts unknown.  The Lady watched them go and sadly shook her head, wondering what mischief would follow.


Chapter 7

Kilmer’s grand scheme was perhaps the best hoax he had yet to perpetrate.  He ever lived by tricking, scamming, or downright cheating people.  He had spoken with the various Brethren and students enough to know that wherever people had actually heard of the fools that they were well respected.  He could not wait to see what sort of a reception he and his four fellows received when they rode into some little village in the uniforms he had pilfered and proclaimed that they rode for the Master and the Lady.  He must choose his targets carefully, as the Brethren seemed to know one another by sight and he could not risk being discovered.  Neither did he wish to act as one of the Brethren, how could they endure such an abstemious lifestyle?  Therefore he must choose an area that was aware of the Brethren but did not know enough about them to expect a certain degree of knowledge or behavior.  
He had no wish to enter any village where the people had never heard of the Brethren, thus negating all the possible advantages to himself.  If done correctly it should be quite an enjoyable little stunt.  The knowledge of his new companions would undoubtedly come in handy as some of them had lived in Astoria for a number of years and knew far more of the Brethren than he had learned in his few weeks in residence there.  They rode on happily, discussing what fun their little scheme would be and how best to use it to their advantage.  The thought of taking advantage of all the perks without any of the responsibilities greatly amused them all.  It was a pleasant ride to their first target.
They dared not go anywhere within several weeks’ ride of Astoria (not that there were many places to stop in the geographic vicinity anyway).  They also dared not ride to the ends of the earth, as the people there were less likely to have heard of the Brethren, save in vaguest legend or rumor.  They wanted to go somewhere where the legend was fresh but the memory was not.  The Eastern Realms seemed a likely destination.  The five donned their pilfered uniforms and rode into the heart of a village.  The Brethren seldom traveled in such large groups but these poor fools would not know that.  After a few minutes, a rather harried seeming man scuttled out to address them.  “Welcome to our village my fine sirs,” said the mayor, “to what do we owe the honor of your visit?”  
Five armed men sitting aback horses on his village green required the utmost in respect and attention though he had no idea who they were.  Perhaps they were some of those unsavory knights from that repulsive Brotherhood of the Unicorn or whatever it was called?  The rearing unicorn upon their tunics certainly gave credence to that idea.  Kilmer said, “we have ridden far and long and seek only rest in your pleasant village.”  
“And under whose banner might you ride?” asked the mayor politely.  
Kilmer laughed, “know you not the Brethren when you see them?”  
The man shrugged, “I am but a lowly village mayor and do not aspire to such knowledge my fine sir.  Forgive my ignorance.”  The people were very kind and attentive to their guests but seemed afraid, kept their distance, and said little.  This was fine with the five pretenders except when it came to their desire for female attention.  This they sought from any attractive girl no matter how unwilling she might be.  The villagers were relieved when they rode off in the morning.
The five rode throughout the Eastern Realms enjoying the hospitality unwittingly bestowed upon these unthankful deceivers.  Their behavior was reprehensible enough to match the rumors that people heard about the Order of the Unicorn, and such was their knowledge of both groups that they easily became even more entangled in the minds of the common people.  Rumor quickly spread and representatives of both groups were highly disapproved of in the East.  Word quickly reached the Lady from disturbed rulers about the apparent misbehavior of those under her command.  She swiftly sent word to their respective advisors who must try and reason with the rulers and calm their fears; she would deal with the charlatans herself.  The Order was also apprised of the situation and sent out their own men to deal with the issue.  They had no idea why, after centuries of upstanding (though peculiar) behavior, members of the Brethren were suddenly acting in such an unseemly fashion.  The Lady and the Order both dispatched men to settle the matter, and sent word to their agents in the area to be aware of the situation and deal with it if they could.  Neither group dared go about in their proper uniforms, as they were far from popular with the locals at present.
Tristan and Dorn had been dispatched along with Darrin and several others to deal with the charlatans.  Tristan could not believe the temerity of his cousin and still wondered how they could possibly be related.  The Brethren would travel in groups of two and three, hoping to encounter the five renegades.  If they were found, it was hoped they could all come together before engaging the imposters.  The Order had a number of agents in the area who hoped to quietly dispose of the troublemakers and thus make an end of the situation.  Those that had been assigned to the area had had to quietly continue their assignments but keep their allegiance a secret, but they were ever watchful for the perpetrators.  The East covered a vast territory and the five could currently be in any village between the Tithbian Plains and the Eastern Sea.  
Kile was abroad somewhere in the borderlands betwixt Arca and Syre when he came upon the charlatans at an inn in a small village along a major highway.  He knew he could not handle five armed men alone but his unicorn was certain there were others of the Brethren within a day’s ride.  The creature summoned his fellows and their riders to come with all haste.  The five seemed content to bully their current hosts for several days and were in no hurry to leave.  It was harder all the time to convince these Easterners that all their needs should be seen to, thus when they found a willing target they long overstayed their welcome.   Matters had degraded so badly that the larger villages drove them away ere they even got off their horses.  They would have to find another area to frequent soon, for things were growing downright dangerous, and Kilmer at least, was greatly averse to anything resembling risk when he might somehow avoid it.  He might know how to use a sword but was actually far too great a coward to put it to any effective use.  A man could get killed that way!
Aria heard the call of Kile’s mount and turned towards the encumbered village without breaking the news to Tristan.  He tried to rein her back but she steadfastly refused to listen.  Finally she relayed the information to him.  He laughed, “why did you not tell me that from the first?”  She made a noncommittal noise and they continued towards their quarry.  Darrin and Dorn also rode with him, they did not ask so Tristan assumed their mounts had been courteous enough to relay the message to their riders.  Sometimes he wondered how the stubborn mare ever willingly carried one of the Brethren.  She steadfastly refused to answer his question.  He sighed and they rode quickly on.
Two more of their colleagues came from the opposite direction, both should make the village by dawn.  They hoped to get some sleep in the surrounding woods and then capture the impsters as they held court in the evening.  A scout for the Order had also found the men and was quickly riding back to a small contingent sent for just such a purpose.  It would be an interesting evening.  The day passed quietly and what might be a fateful night drew nigh.  The villains assumed their places and once more demanded that all their whims be fulfilled.  Kile glanced around the room and noticed that there seemed to be an inordinate number of armed men in the common room.  Half a dozen of the strangers looked like they knew the use of a sword.  Two of his comrades had taken a table at the back and he knew Tristan, Dorn, and Darrin lurked outside, though they dared not show themselves, as they were known to the perpetrators.  
Kile glanced at his colleagues and they followed his gaze to the armed strangers and nodded surreptitiously.  They were no doubt Knights of the Order here on similar purpose to their own.  The Brethren would wait on them to make the first move, meanwhile the five troublemakers were consuming copious amounts of very poor quality but very strong wine, and were very soon drunk beyond reckoning.  It was then that the six armed strangers chose to make their move.  The locals sensed some hostile intent on the part of the strangers and quickly cleared the common room, leaving only the innkeeper, the drunken scoundrels, the Knights of the Order, and the six Brethren (Tristan and his friends had moved quietly in the back and were watching from the cover of the hall).
The leader of the Knights drew his sword, as did all his underlings, and said, “you are hereby under arrest for denigrating the esteemed reputation of the Order of the Unicorn.”  Tristan could hardly keep from laughing, they had no such reputation but it seemed it was only a problem when it was sullied by people not belonging to the Order.  
“What?” slurred Kilmer, “We the Breth…Brettten….Brethren…not the Orderrrr.”  
The man scoffed, “I care not who you are.  Your behavior has damaged our glorious reputation and you will be held accountable.  You and all your kind.”  
“I think not,” said Kilmer, glancing around at his comrades.  One was sleeping sprawled on the table.  One was laughing uncontrollably and the other two stared blankly off into space as if not noticing their very lives were at stake.  There would be no help from that quarter.  
The captain grinned menacingly, “your lives are forfeit and so shall be the lives of all those who claim such a reprehensible allegiance.”
“I think not,” said Kile, coming forward, “the reputation of the Brethren has been as much abused as the reputation of the Order.  These men are none of ours.”  
The captain sneered, “and who might you be?  Come to save your wretched friends?”  
Kile shook his head, “they shall face an objective trial.  I am here simply to see that justice is done.  I am actually what these men claim to be.”  
“Hah!” laughed the captain, “You and what army?”  
Kile smiled and glanced back at his comrades, “perhaps not an army but at least an even match for you and yours.  We wish no violence, only to see an end to this mutual embarrassment.  Killing them outright might be the more expedient end to this, but a trial will show the world that their behavior has nothing to do with either the Brethren or the Order.”  
The man glanced at the five others behind Kile and judged them at least an even match for himself and his men.  He sheathed his blade and the Brethren followed suit.  “Very well,” said the captain, “but only because I wish to salvage our reputation.  I shall give no mercy to these fools.  I do not doubt that you are somehow in on their little scheme.  For many long years we have suspected the Brethren of such deception and finally we have proof.”  
Kile only shook his head, “we shall see on the morrow.”  The drunken imposters were disarmed and bound hand and foot.  They spent the night in a heavily guarded room.  At dawn, the miserable wretches were made to stand in the bright sunshine of the green and face justice.
Kilmer was not happy to see his cousin.  But he was even less pleased to have six members of the Order of the Unicorn clamoring for his blood.  The mayor, the town elders, and one member each of the Brethren and the Order were present upon the tribunal.  The townsfolk were very confused as to who was who and what exactly the difference was but a dozen armed men were enough to cow them into cooperating, regardless of their doubts.  People had ridden in from the surrounding villages and all were desperate for justice, or rather vengeance.  The difficult part would be seeing that it was done.  The Captain and Darrin sat upon the tribunal as representatives of their respective groups.  The mayor and two town elders brought the number to five.  
“I hereby call this trial into session,” said the mayor, “the first thing I want to know is who is who and what on earth the difference is?  All we know is that these characters have been parading around the Eastern Realms demanding hospitality beyond their due and threatening violence if they did not get it.  Give me a good reason why I should not hold all of you accountable?”  
Darrin stood and said, “these men wear the uniform and claim to be representatives of the Brethren.  I, and several of my colleagues who are truly called by that name, have come to put a stop to their impersonations.  Also present are members of the Order of the Unicorn, which is often confused with the Brethren by folk unfamiliar with both or either group.  Both groups have had their reputations besmirched by scoundrels with affiliations to neither.”
The mayor snorted, “so they are out fooling all of us?  Who is to say that they are not part of this little club of yours?  After all, they wear the uniform as you say.”  
Darrin said, “four of them were students in Astoria and the fifth a guest, thus giving them access to the pilfered apparel.  They stole the uniforms and used them to great advantage in abusing your people.  The Lady sent us to put a stop to this charade.  They have never taken the Oath and have no part in the Brethren.  We ride at the command of the Lady of Astoria but they heed only themselves.  Such behavior on the part of one of the Brethren would violate their Oath and thus they cannot be counted among us even if they had been so previously.”  
The mayor looked confused, “I know nothing of Astoria or this Oath-thing.  I have heard tales of the Brethren but only in rather fuzzy legend.  Who are you and what is the difference between you and the Order?”  
Darrin smiled, “from the dawn of time the Master Himself has charged the Brethren with maintaining order and justice, protecting the weak, and speaking the Truth.  Our home is Astoria and our leader is called the Lady.  To join us you must take the Oath, during which you swear to follow the Master with your entire being.  Being thus bound we must act and live in accordance with His laws and precepts, which allow for no behavior of this kind.  Thus the Oath can be broken and you are no longer counted among us.  These scoundrels have never been counted so however, so it is of no matter.  I shall allow the captain to explain the Order.”  He sat and bowed politely to the captain.  The man smiled coldly and stood.
The captain began, “I can say that the Brethren are an ancient and peculiar sect but can say little more than that.  The Order also has ancient roots and is an independent military organization formed to maintain justice and order in the known world.  We claim no allegiance to a supreme being but are expected to obey our superiors without question and to maintain a certain level of decorum as befitting a member of the Order.  These reprobates have no part in us.”  He sat back down and glowered at the hung-over scoundrels.  
The mayor then said, “let us hear from these so-called reprobates.  I think we all know what their crimes are, let us hear their defense.”  
Kilmer stood painfully, as if his head might suddenly burst, said he, “honorable members of the Tribunal, this has all been a great misunderstanding.  We are simple men, trying to make our way in the world.  You have chosen to honor us with your hospitality and it was your own oversight that caused this misunderstanding.  We greatly appreciate your welcoming treatment of us but any overindulgence must be laid at the feet of those fervent to see to our every whim and need.  We did nothing to encourage such welcoming zeal.”  
The Mayor looked at them in disbelief, “you claim innocence when you threatened and intimidated countless villages into treating you like kings?”
Kilmer smiled weakly, “yes I do.”  
The mayor snorted in disbelief, “and what of the claims of these men that you are not numbered among the Brethren or the Order or whomever they may be?”  
Kilmer shrugged, “we have proper uniforms while these men claiming such an allegiance have no proof that they are what they claim.  How would you know in either case, as you seem unable to differentiate between them?  It is my word against theirs.  I think they all should suffer the same punishment, if any, that you decide to mete out to us.”
The Brethren and the Knights of the Order looked appalled at the idea, but the mayor and the village elders seemed far too thoughtful over the matter.  The captain said, “it is very easy to acquire a uniform and claim to be someone you are not.  My men can readily don theirs should you so wish.”  He glanced skeptically at the Brethren, “they however have no way to differentiate themselves from these men.  My men obviously wear different uniforms.  Our innocence in this matter is assured.”  
The mayor looked to Darrin, “can you distinguish yourselves from these men?  I would like to see proof that you and they are not of the same mold.”  
Darrin sighed, “I would rather not but if you deem it necessary we shall do as you ask, for there is a way.  Our uniforms are doubtless the same as they stole them from the same room in which all such clothing is stored.  Their very behavior should be witness enough against them, but I fear you will not take less than physical proof, though I am loath to do it.”  
The mayor looked interested, “I need solid proof, not suppositions.  What is this that you are reluctant to show me?  The captain can produce different uniforms at need.  What proof have you?”  
Darrin looked to Tristan and the others.  They nodded in understanding but liked it as little as Darrin.  Darrin said, “sir if we must, we can produce our mounts and show the veracity of our allegiance.  Though it is not something we do unless it is absolutely vital.”  
“And what have your horses to do with this?” asked the man.  
Darrin said, “in the haziest of legends, perhaps you remember some strange relationship betwixt the Brethren and the unicorns?”  The man nodded.  Darrin continued, “anyone who has taken the Oath and who is numbered among the Brethren, has the service of such a noble creature as long as life lasts.  A unicorn will only serve a member of the Brethren and none else.  If they cannot produce such upon demand then they have no part in us.”  
Kilmer laughed, “I was in Astoria for several weeks and saw no such beasts.  They lie!”  
Darrin shook his head, “they do not willingly reveal themselves and thus we are loath to show their true forms as well, for it is not our secret but theirs.  The very sight of them will also panic a normal horse, so if you insist upon this little show I suggest you move all such beasts out of sight and smell.”  The villagers quickly complied and all returned eager to see such a legendary creature for themselves.  “You insist upon this?” asked Darrin.  The mayor nodded eagerly.  He shook his head but summoned his unicorn.  Nahlar trotted up and looked questioningly at his master.  A silent argument ensued but finally he relented.  For a moment the creature stood there in all his glory but just as quickly draped himself again in a dappled coat and galloped out of the village.  The audience stood in stunned silence.  Darrin looked at the mayor, “now let these scoundrels produce such a creature or let them declare themselves truly.”  
The mayor addressed the villains and said, “can you do likewise?”  All the fight had gone out of them; they knew they had been found out.  
Kilmer said, “no, it is all a hoax.  We are what they say.  We are neither of the Brethren or the Order.  We wanted all the respect but none of the responsibility.  We meant no harm in it.”  
The mayor looked grim, “it seems we have a confession.  Now what is to be done with the scoundrels?”
The captain’s far too eager look did not bode well for the prisoners, “let them be given over to us that we might deal with them as our laws require.”  
Darrin said, “it is the villagers that have had their rights greatly abused, the decision must be theirs.”  The captain did not seem happy but saw no point in arguing the matter until a sentence was decided.  
The mayor said, “what they did was akin to banditry.  They took what they wanted through intimidation and threats.  I vote we deal with them in accordance.”  An accusation of banditry had dire consequences.  The five looked stricken as the captain smiled in anticipation.  The Brethren exchanged grim looks.  Such an accusation was severe but fit the crime.  If it was the decision of the tribunal, they could not countermand the decision.  The three townsfolk and the captain had no trouble in accusing the men.  
They looked to Darrin expectantly, “it is a harsh accusation but I must concur with your decision, though it pains me to do so.  They did this knowing full well what they were about.  I just ask you to remember that they are opportunistic fools and not violent criminals when you decide their fate.”  
The captain looked confused, “they pretended to be one of you and they destroyed your reputation in the East yet you beg mercy for their lives?  I do not understand.”  
Darrin looked grim, “our duty is to see justice done but we also believe in mercy and redemption, though with this lot I doubt redemption is possible.  They have very stubborn hearts.”
Kilmer glowered, “we will take whatever sentence the tribunal hands down, we need none of your mercy.”  The others nodded in agreement.  The Brethren exchanged sad glances.  
“Very well,” said the mayor, “I vote for the usual punishment for banditry.”  The others nodded their agreement.  
Darrin nodded sadly, “it is a majority, whatever I think of the matter.  Do as you must.”  He stood, bowed politely, and walked sadly out of the village.  The rest of the Brethren followed suit, leaving the pretenders to their fate.
The captain caught up with them as they were mounting to leave.  He said, “you are certainly a strange lot but you seem honorable men.  It was an honor to meet you.  Perhaps one day we will meet again under more pleasant circumstances?  I know there are those amongst the Order who have their doubts about you but I no longer harbor such fears.  Farewell.”  
Darrin smiled weakly, “it will be a great day if ever our peoples come to a mutual understanding.  You have also earned my respect this day.  May the Master ride with you.”  With that, the six turned their mounts and rode off into the lengthening day.  The captain stared after, wondering at the strange revelations of the day.

As midday approached, the Brethren rode steadily northwest, riding quickly but not pressing as hard as was often their wont.  Suddenly every unicorn in the group raised its head, pricked its ears, and flared its nostrils; they sensed horses nearby.  Then all chaos broke loose.  A bowstring sang and Kile fell from his saddle; his mount screamed as only an equine can, in rage and grief, suddenly revealing his true form.  Whoever their assailants were, they were quickly thrown from their saddles or carried off by panicked horses, thus ending all immediate fear of further arrows from that quarter.  Three men were carried off by their terrified horses while three more were slowly and painfully rising from the ground.  The remaining Brethren had their swords out and their own mounts no longer bothered with any disguise.  Kimba alternated mournful looks at his fallen master and baleful glares at their three remaining foes.  He pawed the ground and shook his horn menacingly at the three who could not decide between flight or drawing their swords.  Tristan leapt from his saddle and approached the grief-stricken unicorn before he did something they would all regret.  
The creature tossed his head and snorted as Tristan approached, “easy Kimba.  We have both lost a friend this day.  Do not multiply the tragedy by dying in vain.  Kile would not have it so.”  The unicorn gave a disconsolate snort and finally allowed the man to approach.  He carefully removed the creature’s tack and saddlebags, saying, “we will see justice done.  Go and mourn as you must.  If ever your great heart can bear to face such grief again, then take another rider, but for now your duties are at an end.”  The creature nuzzled his slain master one last time and vanished into the surrounding woods.
Tears stung Tristan’s eyes as he faced the three temporarily forgotten ambushers, “what is the meaning of this?  What right have you to attack us?”  
The apparent leader of the group smirked, “we have every right and would have slain the lot of you had our mounts not panicked.  A lovely trick that.  Do you not remember me boy?”  
The man looked familiar somehow, then Tristan’s adventures in Vespera returned to him, “Marwin?”  
The man snarled, “Captain Marwin!  And I am charged with bringing the lot of you to justice by one means or another.”  
Tristan asked, “what have any of us done to enrage the Order?”  
Marwin laughed coldly, “as if you do not know!  Your behavior these last months has been reprehensible and has brought shame upon the untarnished name of the Order.”
Tristan gaped, “my behavior?”  
Marwin laughed, “yes!  You and your fellows have sorely abused the hospitality of the locals.  Do not try to deny it, I have seen the sketches of the perpetrators and your face is undeniably among them.”  
Tristan put a hand to his forehead in grief, “what other misery will the idle deceptions of these men wreak?  You are a fool Marwin and my friend has paid the price for it.  We are not the men you seek.  One of the scoundrels undeniably looks much like me and was sadly a kinsman, but it was not I or my fellows who committed such wrongs.  The men were imposters and this very day have paid the price for their thoughtlessness and one of your own Captains sat upon the tribunal that judged and sentenced them.  We were sent by the Lady, just as you were sent by your masters, to end this charade.  It is now ended though not without great cost to ourselves and the pretenders both.  What you have done can be considered little less than murder!”  
Marwin snarled at Tristan, “a likely story and one I doubt my masters will believe.  What proof have you?”  
Tristan sighed sadly, looking on his fallen friend, he said, “you will accompany my comrades back to the village of which I spoke and there you shall have proof from your own comrades.  And there let justice also be done for this treachery.”
Knowing Tristan’s intentions, Darrin sent the other three Brethren back towards the village in escort of the three knights while he remained to help Tristan bury their friend.  The others glanced back in grief before turning their mounts towards the village, forming a perimeter around the men afoot.  Slowly they trudged back to the village.  
Darrin put a supporting arm around Tristan’s shoulders saying, “it is never easy and never gets any easier, I am afraid.  But it is an end we will all face one day.”  Tristan nodded sadly and they proceeded to bury their friend.  Afterwards, they mounted and caught up with their comrades just as they were entering the village.  The other men of the Order were just riding out of town when they saw the Brethren returning with three apparent prisoners.  The three fled horsemen then rode out of the surrounding woods and joined ranks with their fellows from the Order.  
Captain Firth rode forward, approached Darrin, and looked curiously at Marwin and his fellows.  Firth said, “why have you returned?  Were there not six of you?  Why does Captain Marwin accompany you afoot?”  
Darrin looked grim, “this man and his fellows mistook us for the men upon whom you have just passed sentence.  They slew a dear friend before ever we knew they were upon us.  Only the swift action of the fallen man’s mount spared the rest of us.  They demand proof that we are not the charlatans.  We also wish justice for our murdered comrade.”  
Firth looked grim indeed.  He turned to Marwin and asked, “what evil have you wrought?”
Marwin smiled proudly, “what wrong have I done save mistake one villain for another?  Do these self-righteous fools speak truly when they say they are not at fault?”  
Firth nodded grimly, “the fools we sought are dead and we ride for Panmycea.  These men have committed no wrong, certainly nothing worthy of death!”  
Marwin smiled, “yet you will not hand me over to them for their own perceived form of justice I think, unless they are foolish enough to risk war with Panmycea.  I almost hope they do, for long have they been a thorn in the flesh of the Order and deserving of eradication.”  
Firth looked to Darrin and said, “he speaks truly, the Order will not see this as murder but as an honest mistake, though I see nothing honest in this man at all.  Our orders were to do away with the perpetrators quietly and Marwin attempted to do just that.  If you do to him as he rightly deserves, the Order will see it as treason and either call for all your heads if they do not simply declare war upon the Brethren.”  
Darrin looked thoughtfully grim, “these are serious tidings indeed.  But if we hand him over to you, will you see justice done?”  
Firth said, “I will do all within my power to see that he faces the rightful consequences of his actions but I cannot guarantee the outcome will satisfy you.  I have little say in such matters.”  
Darrin looked sadly at Tristan and both nodded reluctantly, “it is not something we wish to do, but risking war with Panmycea over this incident is foolishness.  I pray the Master grant us justice.”  
Firth nodded grimly, “I will do what I can.  For now, Captain Marwin you are hereby stripped of all rank and command until your case can be heard in Panmycea.  You and your men will accompany me to the Citadel and there this matter will be decided.”
Marwin did not look happy about Firth’s decision, especially as one of the good captain’s men approached to bind his hands.  He glared at Tristan and said, “this is not done between us.  Even if it costs me my life, I will have vengeance.”  
Tristan looked surprised, “vengeance?  It is our comrade who lies dead this day.  What right have you of vengeance?”  
Marwin snarled, “ever you seek to humiliate me and I will not stand for it.  Revenge shall be mine.”  Tristan and Darrin exchanged concerned looks with one another and Captain Firth.
Firth said, “I am sorry for the loss of your friend.  Know that I grieve with you.  He did not deserve such a fate.  Farewell.”  For the second time that day, the Brethren bid farewell to Firth and his men and each party turned their mounts towards home.  
Marwin spent the entire journey to Panmycea plotting his revenge upon the man who ever seemed willing to humiliate and embarrass him.  Firth spent the time trying to determine how best to see that Marwin faced justice rather than just a reprimand.  The dozen knights of the Order traveled as quickly as they could and finally reached Panmycea.  The guards upon the gates saluted as the party rode into the city and towards the ever-hulking Citadel.  Their horses clattered into the courtyard of the great fortress and servants came to take their reins.  Marwin glowered at Firth as he escorted his prisoner into the Citadel, in search of someone to report to.  They found an aging Colonel and Captain Firth quickly apprised him of the situation.  The old man said, “these are grievous tidings indeed.  The High Council must hear of this immediately.”  He shuffled off to call the Council into session.
The Council was not happy to be assembled upon such short notice but as it involved such a delicate matter they had little choice.  Marwin stood before them proudly and said, “I have done nothing wrong.  I was obeying orders and one of the men in the party looked strangely similar to one of the known villains.  I was to dispose of them quietly and in such a situation it is better to shoot first and ask questions later.”  
Captain Firth said, “these men were very helpful in capturing the true villains and seeing that they were duly dealt with.  They did nothing wrong and are undeserving of such treatment.  A captain should be certain of his target before he strikes.”  
One of the councilmen said, “Captain Firth, we appreciate your insight into this matter but in war nothing is ever certain.  Captain Marwin acted as he should with the information he had to hand.  The death of a seeming innocent is regrettable but such casualties are the cost of vigilance and justice.  Besides, I doubt any of these so-called Brethren can ever really be considered innocent.  There are two things I find disturbing in this matter.  The first is that you Captain Firth, are showing untoward sympathies towards these Brethren rather than supporting your own comrade who was acting under orders, though mistaken.  The second is that this is not the first time that Captain Marwin has failed to complete his mission and has brought embarrassment upon the Order.”  
Marwin looked confused, “how have I failed?”  
The councilor said, “you should have slain all of the Brethren rather than let them live to spread the tale.  This is as much a failure as your dismal handling of events in Vespera.”  Marwin opened his mouth to object but no words came, as he could think of nothing to say in his own defense.  His only consolation was that one day, the man called Tristan would pay dearly.
Captain Firth looked surprised at the councilor’s objections towards his own behavior.  He said, “the men I interacted with were honorable and wise.  Why are they not worthy of my respect and sympathies in such a tragedy?”  
The councilor shook his head sadly, “your oaths are to the Order, not the Brethren.  The Order’s reputation and honor should be your main concern, not the feelings of such a ragtag band of vigilantes.  We shall now recess and come to a decision as to how to handle this situation.  We shall return shortly.”  The Council withdrew to a private chamber and was not long in returning.  
One of the councilmen rose and said, “it is the determination of this council that Captain Marwin shall hereby be stripped of all rank and title and will be given a chance to redeem himself as a common soldier as a result of his inability to successfully carry out a mission without bringing great embarrassment upon the Order.”  Marwin’s face was a study in anger and confusion.  He had worked years to earn his rank and in a moment it had been stripped away completely!  The councilor continued, “Captain Firth shall be required to prove to his superiors that he has a proper attitude towards the Order in all things before he is again given a field assignment.”  Firth could not believe that Marwin walked away so easily and that he himself received such a reprimand for behaving in what seemed to him an honorable fashion.  Both men were dismissed and the Council went back to their own duties. 
The two men reluctantly accompanied one another along the lengthy corridor that connected the Council Chambers with the rest of the Citadel.  Marwin grumbled, “you are the one who should be stripped of rank!”  
Firth sighed, “can you not see that justice was averted?  Your carelessness resulted in the death of an honorable man and all you can do is complain that your life was spared.  I care no more for rank!  Rank given by such a dishonorable organization cannot mean anything.  I will not serve in a company that allows renegades such as you within its ranks.  Why did I not see it sooner?  I am going to resign my commission.”  
Not understanding any of it, Marwin sneered, “good riddance then but I shall have revenge upon you one day as well as upon that other fool.  At least now I can have vengeance without being considered a traitor.  It would not do to kill a fellow knight of the Order.”  Firth looked at the man in disgust but said nothing as he turned aside to seek out the man to whom he must speak to carry out his final decision as a member of the Order.  What his future held he did not know, he only knew he could no longer remain in the Order.
Firth found the man he sought and turned in his resignation.  The Colonel looked surprised and grieved, “it takes much valor and effort to attain a Captaincy.  How can you so easily throw aside such an honor?”  
Firth shook his head sadly, “it is no longer an honor for me to serve in such a company.  I have wasted half a lifetime in vain pursuit.”  The Colonel hated losing such an officer but there was little he could do and he had no wish to persuade a man of such an opinion to remain in the Order.  
“Very well,” said the Colonel, “I accept your resignation.  The guard will accompany you to your quarters to retrieve your things and then be gone from the Citadel with all haste.”  Firth bowed politely and left the man’s quarters.  The guard walked close behind him and looked on him with distaste.  No one left the Order in such a fashion.  He gathered his few meager possessions; leaving his uniform and his sword, he walked out of the Citadel never to return.  He bought a passable horse and a much used sword, which was all he could afford with the money he had.  He then left Panmycea and rode forth not knowing where the future would take him, only knowing that a great gaping hole was all that remained of his heart.


Chapter 8

Marwin sneered after his former colleague and mused pleasantly over how he might best exact revenge upon his enemies.  He walked slowly, not knowing quite where his feet were taking him.  He had wandered into the darker depths of the Citadel and began to wonder if he should not make his way back towards the more inhabited reaches of the fortress, but the atmosphere suited his mood: dark and dank.  It was then that he realized he was not alone.  
One of the Councilors stood before him, seemingly cloaked in darkness.  The man said, “the Council’s verdict may seem unfortunate to you but I think when you have heard what I must say that you will find the burden easier to bear.  You may have lost your captaincy but such a thing is meager indeed compared to other powers of which you could avail yourself.  There are those that approve of your feelings and actions though you are unaware of it.  Ever are we in search of promising candidates and you have caught our eye.  If you wish to make all of your dreams come true and exact revenge upon those who brought you to this humiliating state then you would be wise to listen to me.”  Marwin looked at the man expectantly and the Councilor continued, “what I shall tell you must not be passed to another or your life is forfeit.  The Order is simply a means to an end.  The true power belongs to the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  By joining us you will partake of that power and glory, power beyond the ken of mortals!  And in so doing you will cease to be a mere mortal yourself.  In a way, we are each of us become veritable gods with powers to quail a mortal soul.  Will you join us?”
Marwin looked both fearful and eager, “what must I do?”  
The Councilor smiled, “you must leave the Citadel this night and seek out a man that I shall direct you to.”  
Marwin said, “what of my place within the Order?”  
The man laughed scornfully, “you wish to be a mere soldier the rest of your days?  The power you shall gain by joining us will make you soon forget the measly rewards you reaped within the Order.  If I deem it so, you can again be a Captain or even more within the Order one day, but that is only if we feel you are needed here.  You shall be placed where your knowledge and skills will be of the most use.  What is your decision?”  
Marwin said, “I am eager for this which you speak of, but I think also you would have me killed if I did not join you.”  
The man laughed darkly, “you are correct, what is your choice?”  
Marwin smiled, “I shall join you.”
The man clapped his hands once in approval and said, “excellent.  Now I shall tell you what you must do…”  
After his briefing, Marwin found his way back to his quarters, where he quickly began packing.  He took his horse and was quickly gone from the Citadel and on his way to a bright and glorious future.  He could not wait to face his foes with the power he had been promised.  Nothing would stand between him and vengeance.
Marwin rode quickly but it was a long journey to the small village in northern Salita where he was to find his contact and he could not push the poor horse too hard lest it fail before he reached his destination.  A sealed letter rode in his saddlebags informing the man he was to meet of his new apprentice.  After many days, he finally came to the seedy little tavern wherein the man was wont to lurk.  He waited patiently and that evening his watchfulness was rewarded.  As instructed by the Councilor, Marwin bought a mug of wine of an obscure vintage, which caught the man’s attention.  Marwin waited several minutes alone at his table until the man wandered over.  “Zilf?” asked Marwin.
The man nodded, “what have you for me?”  Marwin smiled eagerly and presented the letter.  The man broke the seal and read its contents.  He did not look pleased.  He glowered at Marwin and said, “it seems I am to be burdened with you for a time until you have learned our ways.  I detest such things but cannot disobey our masters.  You will do well to remember that.”  They were alone in the back of the common room and talked long into the night of what it meant to belong to the Brotherhood.  Marwin was both impressed and terrified by what he heard.  Failure it seemed, was unilaterally fatal, as was attempting to leave the Brotherhood for any reason.  He was thoroughly trapped, but there was also much to be gained.
Marwin was not sure what he thought of selling his soul to the Nameless One.  He was not even sure he believed in such a creature, but these men seemed deadly serious about such things thus he had no choice but to believe as well.  He certainly doubted the existence of the Master, though the strange man before him seemed to consider this a foolish thing as well.  Zilf said, “it is foolish to deny the existence of our greatest enemy yet it is also foolish to think of him as lesser men do.  Especially those thrice cursed Brethren.  You will however find it deliciously amusing that the Brethren are as yet unaware of our existence and so has it been since the Beginning.  We are ancient enemies and fight an ageless war yet they know not the face of their foe.  They continue to interfere with our plans, albeit unknowingly.”  
“So we are encouraged to kill them?” asked Marwin eagerly.  
Zilf snorted in derision, “only if it can be done without drawing attention to ourselves.  Secrecy is of the utmost importance until the time for our Revelation is at hand.  Even should it cost you your life, you will protect the secret of the Brotherhood else you shall be very, very sorry.”  
Marwin looked grim, “but there is one of these so-called Brethren that I wish to be revenged upon.”  
Zilf shook his head, “should the opportunity present itself you may one day take advantage of it, but it must not interfere with your duties or reveal your true allegiance.  Am I understood?”  Marwin nodded glumly, wondering if this decision had been the wisest course of action or if he had made another foolish mistake.

Firth rode steadily north.  Something drew him thither though he could not say what.  He had to ride in some direction and it seemed as good as any other at the moment.  As he rode, he mulled over and over what to do with his life and the course of events that had led up to his resignation.  He seemed a man in a trance.  He did everything by instinct and long habit, from setting up camp of an evening to riding throughout the day.  As the days passed, his supplies and the last of his money failed.  Soon he would need to find some mode of supporting himself else he would starve.  He doubted returning to his father’s estates would be of benefit to him.  It was the indolence and triviality of such a life that had driven him to join the Order in the first place.  He had hoped to find meaning but had only found greed and selfish ambition.  Something deep inside yearned for the honor and purpose he had sensed among the Brethren he encountered in that fateful village.  He laughed; they would not take in such as he.  They were all but sworn enemies.  His future lay elsewhere though he could not imagine where or what.  
A group of horsemen approaching upon the road drew his attention.  They seemed intent on meeting him so he drew rein and awaited their coming.  They rode with the precision of a trained military unit and the uniforms and swords confirmed his suspicions.  He had stumbled upon a patrol belonging to some unknown country or city.  He tried to recall where his wanderings had taken him but such had been his distraction that he knew not where he found himself.  The patrol finally reached him and their leader nodded politely towards him.  Firth could now make out their uniforms, and he found he recognized them, though when last he had seen them it was in that fateful village, worn by men who had no right to do so.  
Firth looked a little sheepish and said, “where do I find myself?  I fear I have ridden for many days without knowing where I am.”  
The leader laughed and said, “you find yourself on the very borders of Astoria.”  Firth nodded.  The leader smiled and said, “is there any point in asking what brings you hither when you only now realize where you are?”  
Firth laughed morosely, “I left behind my whole life and seek a new start.  Though, I know not what.”
The man smiled gently, “then perhaps your journey will not be in vain.  Many come to Astoria seeking answers and a new start.  Follow this road and it shall bring you faithfully to the city.  I bid you good day.”  He motioned and his men set off once more upon their circuit.  Firth watched them ride off, wondering what to do.  Perhaps it was not chance that brought him here after all?  If his mind did not know his destination perhaps his heart always had.  He put his heels to his horse’s flanks and continued towards Astoria.  He arrived with the sunset.
The guards upon the city gates questioned him politely and then allowed him to pass unhindered.  He made his way towards the castle that sat upon the crest of the hill and was stopped at the gates by yet more guards.  It seemed that these would not let just anyone pass, as was appropriate.  As the guards were questioning him about his business in Astoria, a man crossed the courtyard and looked closely at the visitor.  
Darrin smiled, “I thought it was you though I did not believe my eyes.  What brings you to Astoria?  Some business of the Order?”  The guards’ hands strayed to their sword hilts at mention of Firth’s former allegiance.  
Firth shook his head sadly, “I no longer claim any association with that reprehensible group of fools.  I rode off with a heavy heart and no purpose or direction, only knowing that I could stay no longer.  I suppose while I am here, I must tell you what came of matters after we parted.  Otherwise I do not know why I am here.  My horse could have brought me here by aimless wanderings for all the attention I paid to my course and destination.”  
Darrin looked to the guards, “let him pass.  I shall accompany him to the Lady.  He bears news that we must hear though I doubt it shall be glad tidings.”  The guards stepped aside and let the man pass.  Darrin did ask that he leave his sword with the guards and he willingly obeyed.
“Your Lady will really see such as I?” asked Firth.  
Darrin laughed, “when she has time she sees all manner of folk.  You bear news concerning things she has long been curious of.  Besides, I think it of benefit for you to speak with her as well.”  Firth nodded.  Darrin spoke briefly with a servant stationed in the courtyard and the man dashed off to enquire after the Lady.  He returned shortly and motioned for them to follow.  
As they followed the man, Tristan joined them.  He nodded politely to Firth and said, “it is a pleasant surprise to see you once more.”  
Firth said, “perhaps you will not think so when you hear my tale.”  
Tristan shook his head, “it is always a pleasure to meet again so honorable a man even if he bears ill news.”  Firth gaped at him but said nothing.  The Brethren were certainly a peculiar people.  Shortly they came to the Lady’s main audience chamber.  The servant announced them and withdrew.  They bowed themselves into the Lady’s presence and stood before her.  
She smiled warmly at her guest, “welcome to Astoria.  It is an honor to meet the man that gave my servants so much aid in ending that detestable charade.”  Firth was stunned that so regal a women could seem so grateful for a thing so small.  She seemed amused at his surprise and said, “what news do you bring, but more importantly what has drawn you here?”  
He said, “Lady I came here by seeming accident.  I seek a life of meaning and purpose, neither of which I found in my former allegiance.”  
The Lady nodded, “there are no accidents my friend.  You were meant to come and I think here you may find all you seek and more.”  
He bowed in acceptance and said, “I thank you for your welcome.  As for my news it will not be considered welcome but I thought you should know.”  He said, “I escorted the man responsible for the murder of your servant back to Panmycea, hoping to find the justice that was due him, but alas I have failed utterly.  The man was stripped of all rank but allowed to remain in the Order without any other repercussions.  He was not demoted because of his actions but because he failed to kill the rest of your people and thus brought further embarrassment upon the Order.  I do not know what happened in Vespera, but it was also mentioned as a previous failure on his part.”  
Tristan looked grim, “he was the advisor to the King of Vespera for the Order.  He plotted with the King’s brother to kill the girl that was heir to the throne of her ailing father.  We managed to stop the plot and spared the girl, but the Vesperans would not convict the man and he escaped unpunished.  Twice now he has escaped justice.”  
Firth looked surprised, “I had no idea his crimes had been so great or I might have slain him myself.”  
Tristan shook his head, “he has escaped justice but we must not commit murder and think we are doing it justly.  He must be punished by those with authority to do so.”  
Firth said, “please accept my apologies for my rash words.”  
Tristan laughed, “I cannot say the thought has not also crossed my mind momentarily though it would violate my Oath to harbor such thoughts for long.”  The Lady cleared her throat and raised an eyebrow at Tristan.  His face colored and he said, “forgive my rashness Lady.”  
She laughed warmly, “if you can be considered rash Tristan, then we are all of us doomed to utter foolishness.  But in future watch closely what thoughts you even allow temporarily to occupy your mind.”  He bowed in acquiescence.  She turned to Firth, “I thank you for your news though I assumed as much even before you came.  Is it this that led to your withdrawal from such service?”  
He bowed deeply, “Lady ever have I sought to serve a purpose and cause greater than myself, but I find I can no longer serve the Order because it lacks all that makes a cause worthy.”  
The Lady smiled, “I hope perhaps you can find such purpose in Astoria.”
The man looked surprised, “you would allow one such as I to serve you?”  
She laughed, “if I turned away everyone who was unworthy for such service there would be no one here, including myself.  We do not serve because we ourselves are worthy, but because the cause is worthy and the Master’s grace makes us so as well.”  
Firth smiled, “I know little of you and your ways but I am impressed by what I have seen and hope to one day be numbered among you.  What must I do to accomplish this?”  
The Lady smiled warmly, “this decision cannot be made in ignorance.  I am glad you have found our cause and my servants commendable and that you are eager to join us.  I must ask that you spend some time speaking with various of my servants that you may learn more of the Brethren and are thus able to make this decision with full knowledge of its importance and consequences.”  
Firth smiled, “it shall be my pleasure Lady.”  
She laughed and said, “very well.  I place both Tristan and Darrin under your command until they have satisfied your curiosity.  I just hope they are ready for such a valiant task.”  
Tristan laughed, “it is a sad day indeed when a warrior can be merely talked to death.”  
Darrin smiled, “you have survived far worse lectures from me and others.  This shall be nothing compared to your days as an apprentice.”  
“Yes,” said Tristan, “but I am out of practice and may have lost some of my fortitude in such matters.”  He looked in amusement to the Lady, “you forget that I now inflict such sufferings upon others.”  
The Lady rolled her eyes, “perhaps this is why I have spared any apprentice such anguish for so long.”  They all laughed and the three men bowed themselves from her presence.
As the door shut behind them Firth said, “is the Lady always this jovial with her servants?”  Tristan and Darrin shared a scandalized laugh.  
Tristan said, “not at all.  She can make Kings go weak in the knees.  But those of us who have served her long sometimes are allowed an occasional respite from formality, though she is always due the utmost respect and honor.”  
Firth chuckled, “I do not doubt it and would hate to face her in her wrath.”  
Darrin smiled, “you are a wiser man than many.  There are those that stand before her and never come to realize that.  She is a woman none should trifle with.”  
Tristan said, “as we are currently at your disposal, what are your wishes that we may grant them?”  
Firth laughed, “is there anything to eat in this peculiar city of yours?”
Darrin led the way to the dining hall where the evening meal was still in progress.  As they ate, Firth asked many questions and was both satisfied and impressed by the answers given by his two companions.  He had given little thought to the Master through the course of his life yet these men seemed to share an intimate relationship with Him and to hold Him in great awe.  Firth had always assumed that the Master existed but felt either himself too unworthy or the Master too lofty to be approached by mere men.  What could a simple mortal know of such a great and mighty Being?  Thus he had not dwelt long upon such thoughts and had focused on things that he felt more within his understanding.
Firth said in wonder, “how can a man ever hope to understand or approach the Master?”  
Tristan laughed, “we cannot aspire to such things but thankfully the Master is the One that approached us.  It is by trusting in Him that we are found worthy in His sight; it has nothing to do with any merit of our own.”  
Firth said, “it seems that He does all the work?”  
Darrin said, “he has done the hard part, but it is up to each of us to decide whether to accept His gift or not.  He requires that we seek Him with our entire being but you do not necessarily need to join the Brethren to do that.  The world needs blacksmiths and fathers far more than it needs us.  We are simply the most extreme example and have given our very lives into His service.”  
Firth nodded, “it warms my heart to know that such as I can be accepted by the Master.  I find myself longing to be numbered among you.”  
Tristan said, “there is much you must yet know before you come to a final decision but if you still feel the same thereafter, then you must seek the Lady’s permission.  Then you may take your Oath and join us in our quest.”  Firth smiled and continued to question them long after everyone else had retired to their beds.  
Deep in the small hours of the night, Tristan yawned, “can you think of anything else you need to know?”  
Firth smiled sleepily, “no, is there anything I have missed?”  The two Brethren exchanged an amused glance.  
Tristan said, “I think you now know more than most people do who have spent a year in Astoria!  Do you still wish to become one of us?”
Firth laughed joyfully, “more than ever.  When may I apply to the Lady?”  
Darrin could not help but laugh for joy at the man’s enthusiasm but it was interrupted by a deep yawn.  He then said, “I think tomorrow morning would be appropriate, I think the Lady deserves some sleep even if we do not.”  
“And who are you to say I need sleep?” asked the Lady from behind them.  They jumped to their feet and offered hasty bows.  She shook her head, “such formality is unthinkable at this hour, but I shall be lenient this time.  Have you come to a decision?”  
Firth went to one knee before her and this time she did not question his formality.  He said, “Lady, nothing would please me more than to become one of your servants.”  
She smiled warmly at the man and said, “then if this is your fervent wish you have my permission to take part in the Oath-taking one week from today.  In that time I ask that you carefully consider your decision and be ready, on that day to decide forever one way or the other.”  
He smiled gratefully and said, “the day cannot come swiftly enough.”  
The Lady laughed and said, “I think we all need some sleep after this tiring round of formality.”  They bowed again and gladly sought their beds. 
Over the next week, Firth diligently attended classes and absorbed knowledge like a dry sponge the sea; he had never been happier in his life.  Finally after what seemed years, the day of the Oath-taking came and he was added to the ranks of the Brethren.  Afterwards, Tristan found him and said, “Kile did not die in vain.  You have brought meaning to his death and joy to my heart.”  
Firth looked at his new comrade and said, “and I have finally found my place and calling.  I am complete.”  
“Not quite,” smiled Tristan.  
Firth looked towards the source of Tristan’s amusement.  A unicorn stallion stood there, looking at Firth steadily.  Firth himself looked rather terrified, “what have I done?”  
Tristan laughed, “you have done nothing but the creatures are persistent.  Once they have chosen someone they will not relent until you do.”  
“Chosen?” asked the mortified Firth.  
Tristan smiled, “relax, he will not bite.  At least he will not bite you.”  
Firth reluctantly approached the creature and soon the two had bonded, as was only natural.  
Tristan said, “this also gladdens my heart.  Kimba once served Kile and now he seeks to serve you.”  
Firth’s eyes widened further, if that were possible, “how can this be so?”  
Tristan smiled, “there is no nobler or greater heart than that of the unicorn.  Men could learn much from their faithfulness.”  Kimba nodded in agreement and seemed to look on his terrified master with much amusement.  Tristan said, “you two might as well go for a ride.  He will not leave you alone else.  The Lady would not be happy to have him following you about the Keep.”  Firth laughed at the thought and was soon in the saddle and off on the first of many adventures with his new companion.

Firth spent six months in Astoria learning the many things the Lady thought he must know ere venturing out on his own.  She did not require him to complete an apprenticeship as he had much experience from his previous service to the Order, but there was much he must learn about his new life.  His new friends were soon off on various vital missions while he remained in Astoria to complete his education.  He longed to be out in the field on some important task but the peace of Astoria did much to quiet and heal his hurting mind and soul.  Soon enough he found himself engulfed in his studies and time passed swiftly.  
Finally the day came when the Lady summoned him, he made his bows and stood before her.  She smiled warmly and said, “welcome, Firth.  I think it is time we put you to use.  Are you ready for a field assignment?”  
Firth smiled and said, “nothing would please me more, Lady.  I enjoy learning but I am no scholar.”  
She nodded and said, “and you still insist on joining the Messenger sect?”  
He looked uneasy, “is there some problem with my intention?”  
She smiled and said, “no, I just wanted to make sure you knew that you are choosing a very difficult and dangerous life.”  
His confidence returned and he said, “I know the risks and accept them with all my heart.  Send me where you will.”  
The Lady looked please, “very good!  I can always use another Messenger.  I shall send you to Arca.  The two greatest lords of that country have long been at odds, but recently things have grown far worse and the King begs our intervention lest civil war erupt and tear the country asunder.”  
Firth looked confused, “would not a philosopher or other negotiator be a better choice?  How can I be trusted with so great an assignment?”  
The Lady smiled grimly, “welcome to the Messengers.  You never know where I shall send you next.  There is no task that I shall appoint you that I do not feel you have some chance of accomplishing.  I am not pleased to court failure and am very careful in whom I send where.  You would also be advised not to question my judgment so openly in future without a better argument than your own doubt.”  Firth looked quite thoroughly chastened and she lightened her tone saying, “however I shall forgive this oversight as you are still quite new to us and our ways.  You are quite up to the task.  May the Master ride with you.”  
He raised his head, met her eyes, and smiled, “thank you Lady.  I shall not fail you.”

He left her presence and prepared for his first adventure as one of the Brethren.  Soon enough he was packed and heading south and east towards Arca.  Kimba was frisking in eagerness to finally be abroad once more.  It seemed the unicorns that served the Messenger sect liked being idle as little as their masters.  They traveled swiftly and were soon within the bounds of Arca.  He called first upon the King as a matter of courtesy and also to learn more of the situation.
The King was encouraged by the arrival of the Lady’s emissary and saw him immediately.  The King said, “welcome to Arca, I hope you have more luck handling this situation than I have had.  My two greatest lords have ever been bitter friends and willing enemies.  For some reason things have grown far worse of late and nothing anyone says can quell the disquiet.  I hope your wisdom can bring the tension to an end, or at least return it to its former level ere the two houses declare war on one another.  There has been some talk of Lord Jarent’s eldest daughter marrying Lord Merckle’s youngest son but I do not know how the arrangements are going, if they even exist or perhaps it is this situation that has precipitated the sudden increase in tension betwixt the houses.  Go and see what you can discover and bring about peace if you can.”  
Firth bowed himself from the King’s presence and made his way to Lord Merckle’s estate.  He was reluctantly received and given a brief audience with his Lordship.  During the whole course of the interview the man paced and complained bitterly about Lord Jarent and all of his ancestors.  It seemed the man’s son was to marry Lord Jarent’s daughter but the girl went missing that very morning, but before that there had been rumors that either the girl or her father were reluctant for such a union, which is what led to the escalation in tensions between the Great Houses.  The missing girl might just cause a violent reaction if she was not found.  Merckle said that Jarent accused him of stealing the girl while Merckle contended she had either run away or been hidden by her father to prevent the union they apparently regretted suggesting.  
Firth said, “I have yet to speak with Lord Jarent but know that I will get to the bottom of this.  I fear there may be darker forces at work here than merely a recalcitrant girl.  I beg you do nothing rash until I have had time to investigate this matter.”  Merckle did not look happy but agreed to give Firth one month to look into the situation.  After that he made no promises.
Firth hastened to visit Lord Jarent and discover what he knew of the strange happenings surrounding his daughter.  Jarent was a quiet and civil man who greeted his guest warmly.  He said, “have you come to rescue my daughter from the villain that made off with her?  Lord Merckle shall rue this day!”  
Firth said, “Lord Merckle is not behind the disappearance of your daughter.  He fears you hid her or she ran off to prevent such a union and tells the truth when he says it.  Had he been lying I would know.  You also speak truly that you think Merckle took your daughter.  Now we must discover the real villain.  Would she have run away?”  
Jarent shook his head, “she was reluctant but she is a dutiful girl and resigned to her fate.  Can you find her?”  
Firth said, “I will do my best.  Merckle has given me a month to find her before he acts, will you do the same?”  
Jarent nodded reluctantly, “it is the least I can do.  What other aid do you need?”  Firth quickly went about interviewing the various guards and servants that had been about in the small hours of the previous night.  All claimed to know nothing, but Firth found two of the guards and one servant to be lying.  Jarent was aghast that his own servants could plot against him, especially when they revealed for how small of a sum they could be bought.  The man was grief-stricken that his daughter had been thus smuggled out of the house and into enemy clutches and set out immediately to speak with Merckle about the whole situation.  
Firth set off to find the missing girl.  The servant had summoned the girl at a late hour saying that her father needed her, the guards set upon her thus rendering her unconscious; they smuggled her off of her father’s property in the refuse cart.  They had met some villainous looking men at a seedy tavern and turned over their prize in exchange for a set price.  Where she had gone after that was anyone’s guess.  Firth set out for the specified inn, hoping to find someone who had witnessed the whole despicable exchange.  
He questioned all those about the inn but found no one who had seen anything.  He was about to abandon all hope of tracking the villains when the scruffy and ill-fed stable boy beckoned him shyly into an empty stall and motioned for the tall man to crouch, so as not to be seen.  The boy said, “I saw a strange exchange last night between those men from Lord Jarent’s estate and some right villains.  I followed just ‘cause I could and saw them leave the West Gate of the city.  I did not dare follow after that.”  Firth thanked the boy and gave him a coin worth more than he probably earned in a year.  The boy smiled gratefully and quickly secreted away his treasure.  
Firth and Kimba rode towards the West Gate of Arca.  After some inquiry they found and roused the guards who had been on duty the previous night.  The men had indeed seen the men in question and gave Firth a rough idea of the direction they had gone.  They set out at once though the sun was quickly sinking.  Firth hoped the fiends had ridden much of the night and then hid for the day, it might be the only way to catch them even with a unicorn’s miraculous speed.  Such a tactic might also mean the men would travel at night thus they might catch them on the open road.  They pressed hard and by the light of the full moon discovered a trail leading to the place where the men might have taken refuge in the woods alongside the road the previous night.  
Firth quickly investigated, finding a campsite that had been abandoned only a few hours prior.  He mounted and quickly set off after his quarry.  Sometime in the wee hours of the morning, Kimba pulled up short sensing horses ahead.  They slowed their pace lest someone look back and see them following.  They followed silently until the sky paled to grey and the sun threatened to break upon the world.  The men turned off the road and found a secluded and defensible spot to spend the day.  Firth and Kimba found a place nearby to hide and gave the kidnappers three hours in which to grow weary and content, then they moved in.  It was probably foolish to attack an unknown number of foes alone, but there was no one else to hand so Firth did what he had to.
As he had suspected, one man remained on guard while the other five slept.  The girl sat gagged and blindfolded, tied securely to an obliging tree.  Firth waited patiently and watched the guard and sleeping men intently.  After fifteen minutes no one moved.  He crept around and slew the guard, then made his way towards the girl.  He clamped a hand over her mouth and whispered silently, “say nothing if you cherish your life.  Your abductors sleep nearby.  I am here to rescue you.”  She nodded and he removed both gag and blindfold and then slit her bonds.  Kimba waited nearby.  He helped her into the saddle and was about to climb up himself when an arrow took him in the shoulder.  He fell to the ground clutching at the offending shaft and yelled, “ride, ride now!  Kimba take her home at all costs!”  
The unicorn was desperate to stay by his stricken master’s side but such was the anguish in the man’s voice and mind that the creature had not the heart to disobey.  He screamed his fury and despair but ran like the wind back towards Arca.  The girl glanced back in grief but clung firmly to the saddle as they quickly disappeared.  Firth heard the steady approach of boots and then felt a hand clutching his shoulder and turning over his prone form.  Then an eerily familiar voice laughed, “well, if it is not Captain Firth!  Fancy meeting you here.  I seem to have missed anything immediately vital with that shot, but do not fear that you will live much longer.  I must sadly retrieve my prize ere I kill you, but a lingering death seems much more pleasant to me than a quick kill.  Do not succumb to your wounds whilst I am gone!”  Marwin laughed again in anticipation and walked off yelling to his minions to mount up and catch the girl.  
Firth lay there in a growing puddle of his own blood, too weak and dazed to move.  He thought he heard another set of approaching footsteps but soon succumbed to the darkness.  Marwin and his fellows gave chase but failed to catch the fleeing unicorn ere he reached Jarent’s manor.  As soon as the girl was safely home, Kimba returned to his master, as did the disappointed kidnappers.  They returned to the scene but found only a dried puddle of blood and what looked to be a trail where someone had dragged away either the man or his corpse.  Marwin would soon discover which.


Chapter 9

The old woman sat thoughtfully beside the bed and looked on her patient, wondering what strange chance brought her upon him in his moment of need.  She had been out gathering herbs early that morning and had stumbled upon the hidden camp; she had watched from hiding as the scene unfolded before her.  The villains had ridden off but she knew they planned to return.  What would they think when they found their victim gone?  The trail would not be difficult to follow.  She waited patiently for the knock on the door that would announce their coming.  She glanced again at the stricken man upon the bed.  He had lost much blood and had yet to waken.  The wound had been tended and the arrow removed, but it was deep and probably contaminated, already the surrounding flesh was an angry red and the man showed signs of fever.  He had survived the arrow but would probably succumb to the wound fever.  
Her attention was drawn to the door as a loud banging resounded throughout the tiny cottage.  They had come seeking their missing victim.  The door swung open and five villainous looking men tromped into the house without bothering to wipe their feet.  The man who had taken such delight in felling her patient looked upon her and the stricken man with great disdain and said, "you have stolen my enemy."  
She shook her head and said firmly, "I am a healer and came upon a dying man, I only did what I do best though I think it will not be enough."  
Marwin looked disappointed for some reason, "he is dying?"  
She nodded, "if he makes three days it will be a miracle.  The wound is infected and already fever wracks his body.  It might be a mercy to slit his throat ere the pain and delirium begin."  
 Marwin smiled, "I shall return in three days to collect your patient or his corpse.  Someone must pay for this failure and I would rather it be him than me.  I hope he lives, else I will have to find someone else to blame, but if he must die I prefer that it be slowly and with much anguish.  Tend him well."  Without another word he and his men left as quickly as they had come.  
She glanced again at the man and wondered at the dire situation in which he found himself.  She heard the door opening again and saw Turin come in.  The boy frowned after seeing the strangers leave then came and stood by the bed, "who were they?"  
The woman shrugged, "just the men who inflicted this wound.  They want him dead or alive and will return in three days.  I think it would be good if the fever killed him before they return; I think it would be a kinder death."  
The boy asked, "do we tell him his fate should he waken?"  
The woman shook her head, "he will not survive, let him die in peace."  
He nodded grimly and then brightened as he remembered why he had come home early, "I saw a unicorn by the river while I was chopping wood.  Are they not said to have healing powers?"  
The woman laughed, "much is said about them though who knows the truth of any of it?  I shall go see what I can make of the beast; it would be enough just to glimpse him.  Such sightings are rare.  Tend the man, if he wakes there is an herbal tea and some broth.  See that he takes both."  She donned her cloak and went out into the failing day to see if she could glimpse the mythical creature.  The boy took her place beside the bed, as he sat the man began to stir.
 Firth tried to sit up but failed.  He glanced around the room and quickly took in his situation.  He peeled back the dressing and looked grimly at the wound; he had seen enough similar injuries to know the prognosis was grave.  He then addressed the boy, "I am dying."  It was not a question.  
The boy was surprised at the directness of the man but said, "Madam Murga thinks you will succumb to the wound fever within three days."  
He nodded grimly but the news did not seem to trouble him much and then he laughed wryly, "I succeeded in my first adventure but sadly will not survive it, quite a pity that.  Ah, well an old campaigner cannot complain when death finally comes calling as he has courted her all his life.  It is a miracle that I have lived this long."  
"You do not fear death?" asked the surprised boy.  
Firth smiled, "I have no reason to fear death or what comes after.  True, I do not look forward to the coming pain but I have no choice but to endure it.  What comes after is naught to fear at all."  
The boy frowned, "how can one not fear death?  Does something truly come after?"  
Firth nodded, "one who trusts in the Master has nothing to fear of such things, but one who does not should fear death greatly.  I finally found the right side in this little war and thus have nothing to fear."  
The boy did not understand but said, "Madam Murga thought I should not tell you lest you have further torment in your final hours but some men came seeking after you and will return in three days."  
Firth shrugged and then winced in pain, "they are welcome to my corpse for I shall have no further need of it.  Do what they say and you should not be harmed.  They are evil men."
The boy looked at the man eagerly and said, "you are an adventurer?"  
Firth laughed, "I suppose you could call me that.  My life has been full of what many call adventures but those of us that have them simply call it our duty."  
Turin said, "I want to be an adventurer or a knight one day.  Though I lack the courage to leave the farm alone.  I was hoping you might take me on as your squire or something if you survived.  But I guess that is not to be hoped."
Firth smiled, "I would be happy to take you with me should I survive this little scratch.  If I die, you may have my sword if you promise not to wield it until someone has shown you how.  More boys die from ignorance than anything else."  
The boy nodded excitedly, "is it a magic sword or one of noble lineage?"  
Firth laughed, "you read too many fairy tales.  I very much doubt there are any magic swords of the kind you hope for.  The Master, as far as I know, has not blessed any manmade weapons with any unique powers and that is the only kind of 'good magic' I am aware of.  But there may be weapons of a more vile sort, cursed with who knows what devilry by the Enemy or his minions, but I would not wish for such a weapon even if it could save my life.  I know not whose hand wielded this blade before mine, but it is of no import.  A famous sword is as sharp as one of no name.  It is the hand that wields it, not the blade itself that makes the difference, at least as long as the blade is well made and cared for."  
The boy nodded glumly, unhappy to have his dreams of a magic sword so easily dashed.  He turned to the tray the healer had left and made the man drink the vile tasting tea, he had some broth, and much water.  The conversation had drained him and he sunk again into an uneasy sleep.  What the boy did not know was that it was not the conversation alone that had wearied him but the constant mental argument ongoing between Firth and Kimba.  The unicorn insisted that he be allowed to heal the man while Firth insisted that he not!  Finally the man sunk again into unconsciousness and ended all debate.  There came a great pawing at the door and the boy cautiously opened it to reveal a unicorn stallion, waiting as if he were naught but a dog to be let in.  He jumped aside as the great beast walked placidly into the house and straight towards the bed.  Turin's heart leapt for joy at the thought that this might mean the man would live and his own adventures might begin.
 The great creature pushed aside the blankets and wound dressings with his nose and inspected the wound.  He nodded to himself, nuzzled the pale face affectionately, and then groaned terribly as he swayed dangerously, as if suddenly faint.  He backed up a few paces, lay down heavily, and tucked his nose into his flank and did not move again.  Firth sat up with a start and looked in horrified wonder at the slumbering unicorn and said, "you great lummox!  What part of no do you not understand?!"  
Turin stared in utter astonishment, who would dare ask such a question of such a beast?  Let alone a beast that had just healed you?  Firth stumbled weakly from the bed and nearly fell atop the sleeping unicorn.  He sat beside him and stroked the great neck, tears of anguish running down his cheeks.  Turin looked on in confusion.  The man had gone from sudden wrath to utter despair.  
Unable to contain his curiosity, the boy asked, "what is going on?  Why are you mad at the poor creature and why does he now seem in so pitiable a state?"  
Firth jumped, as if he had forgotten he was not alone.  He dried his tears and faced the boy, saying, "he took my wound upon himself and now lies dying of what should have killed me!  He says he is stronger than I and could potentially fight off the infection before it kills him, whereas I would almost certainly die.  It also seems he has withdrawn into himself to focus all of his energy on fighting off that which is trying to kill him.  I feel him still but it is as if he stands at a great distance.  Only time will tell if he is right and I pray that he is."  
The boy looked stunned, "you know this creature?"  
Firth smiled sadly, "he is my dearest friend and companion.  He is mine yet I am also his.  We are two halves of one whole, together we serve the Master on whatever crazy quest the Lady sets us."
 "I do not understand this in the least," said the confused boy.  
Firth smiled, "as it seems I am going to live after all, I shall have time to tell you.  It is a strange story but true nonetheless."  
"What about your enemies?" asked the boy.  
Firth shook his head, "I am too weak to travel and would die along the way, thus achieving their goals.  I could hide but that would place you and this Madam Murga at risk.  The only option is to hope I have enough strength in three days to oppose them.  Can you use a bow?"
The boy smiled eagerly, "I can hunt well enough."  
The man nodded, "can you kill a man?"  
The boy looked grim, "if I must."  
Firth nodded, "it is either them or us."  
The boy nodded, "I will do it then, but it will not be easy."  
Firth said grimly, "it is never easy and never should be."  Just then the woman returned in her failed quest to find the unicorn and found him in the last place she thought to look.  Utter amazement played across her face and Turin quickly explained as much as he knew of the strange happenings that seemed to surround the man.
“I do not understand,” said the old woman, “why would such a noble beast risk its life for a mere man?”  
Firth said, “perhaps it is a better question to ask why the Maker would lay down His life for a fallen creation.  The Master demonstrated such love first and this miracle you have witnessed is only the faintest shadow of what has already been done for each of us.  I would not have Kimba die in my stead but he took the decision from me.  How could I ask the Master Himself to do the same?  But again the decision was not mine, it only remains to be seen whether I will accept His gift or not.”  
“Who or what are you?” gasped the woman.  Firth did his best to explain the Brethren.  The two looked even more confused but perhaps with time and more explanation they would understand.
Firth leant heavily upon the back of a chair for support and the woman quickly chivied him back to bed.  She said, “he took your wound but not your weakness.  You are still missing very much blood and only time and much food will mend that.”  
Firth smiled, “he took only what he knew would kill me without further weakening himself.  Excellent, I did not know he could selectively choose how much to heal someone.”  
The woman would not hear of the man exerting himself beyond the briefest bouts of conversation and frequent meals.  In the ensuing two days he slept much and enjoyed the woman’s excellent cooking.  He also learned much of the strange pair that cared for him.  The boy was an orphan and the old woman had taken him in after his parents had died of a nameless fever.  He ran the farm and did odd jobs about the house while she attended to her healing.  
When the boy broached the subject of leaving she laughed, saying, “you are of age and may go where you wish and do as you please Turin.  I was doing quite well ere you came and I shall perhaps survive when you leave.  But do take the grey mare on your adventures.  She is far too much horse for me and you have earned her and four more like her in your service to me.  Listen well to what this man shall teach you for I think there is much wisdom to be found in his words.  Perhaps then you shall come back and tell me, for up until now I have been far too busy to pay attention to such stories.  But if you discover it to be the truth, by all means return and enlighten me.”  All that remained was to deal with the evil men that would return on the morrow.
Late that night, Kimba finally roused from his strange sleep and greeted Firth eagerly.  The man was much relieved to find his friend fully healed of the infection, though the wound had not fully healed, it was no longer life threatening.  The unicorn returned outside to his more usual habitat; the woman was more than happy to have her kitchen and living area back.  They then went to bed to await the morning and the evil visitors it would bring.  They wakened early and quickly prepared for their unwanted guests.  
The morning wore away slowly and finally the familiar pounding upon the door came and the men once more barged in without a welcome.  “Where is he?” demanded Marwin.  
The woman sat at the table meddling with some freshly gathered herbs.  She glanced up without interest and said, “out in the barn.”
Marwin gave her a curt nod as he and his men withdrew.  Marwin motioned for two of his men to go to the barn and retrieve the corpse.  What they would do with it he had not yet decided; they certainly could not take it back to their masters, but someone must pay for this failure, the only question was who?  The two men entered the barn but did not return in a timely manner so Marwin sent the other two in to see what the trouble was.  When they did not return, he grumbled under his breath about bad help being worse than no help and went to check on things himself.
Firth and Turin hid in the hayloft and waited patiently for their quarry.  As the morning grew old, they finally saw two men entering the barn and looking about in vain for Firth’s body.  What they did not expect was an ambush.  Each man fell with an arrow in his chest and a look of utter surprise on his face.  Two more soon followed and met the same fate.  Marwin himself then made an appearance.  He looked in surprise at the bodies of his men and then saw the perpetrator standing before him.  Marwin snarled with a strange mix of hatred and delight, “so you did survive?  I shall soon rectify that!”  Both men drew their swords and began to exchange deadly blows.  Firth was in no shape for such a match and quickly tired.  Marwin saw his chance and moved to strike as his opponent went to his knees.  
“Stay your blade!” yelled Turin from the loft, “Or it will be the last thing you do.”  
Marwin looked at the boy and his drawn bow and lowered his weapon, “you have won this day but I shall have my revenge.”  The man sheathed his blade and ran out of the barn.  
Turin ran to Firth’s side and asked, “shall we pursue the villain?”  
Firth shook his head, “I am in no shape for such a chase.”
They returned to the house where Firth was many days in recovering his strength but when he was strong enough, he and the boy set forth for Astoria.  By then Kimba’s wound was fully healed and he was eager to return home.  Marwin vanished into the surrounding forest and fled back to his masters in shame and defeat, though rabid for revenge.  He suffered dearly for his failure but he was given one more chance.  This time he succeeded and was allowed to continue breathing, at least until his next failure, which would ultimately be his last.
The pair rode off and the healer bid her strange guest and foundling boy a fond farewell.  Turin promised to return and tell her more one day; she greatly looked forward to his return.  Their first stop was Arca, where they discovered the two lords at peace and the couple newly married.  It was now time to return home.  Firth and Turin rode back to Astoria and along the way, Firth told many tales and explained much about the Master and the Brethren.  By the time they reached Astoria, Turin was quite determined to join the ranks of the Brethren.  The Lady was delighted by the success of Firth’s mission though grieved by his brush with death, yet encouraged by Kimba’s devotion.  She did not allow Firth much time in Astoria to recover from his recent adventure but swiftly sent him off on another vital errand.  
Turin took to life in Astoria like a fish to water and excelled in his studies and the more physical disciplines as well.  It was not long before the Lady deemed him ready for an apprenticeship and his first adventure, if one does not count what happened in Arca.  He did not because it had happened at home and any novice hero will tell you that no true adventure happens in such humble places (though many an experienced hero would tell him that such reasoning was very far from the truth).  The Lady hoped the boy would choose the Messenger sect but he was set upon becoming a Warrior.  In hopes of convincing him otherwise she placed him under Darrin’s careful guidance.  Such tactics had failed utterly with Dorn, who now found himself a full-fledged Warrior, but she was willing to try again.  Turin’s first adventure was quite an undertaking and would require the assistance of Tristan, Grant, and Firth along with Darrin, such was the import of the assignment that the Lady sent four of her best Messengers to ensure its success.


Chapter 10

The Lady had received word from the King of Kalmar that he was required to send an escort to Salita to bring his bride to his own country in safety.  Once she left on her nuptial journey it was his responsibility to see to her safety.  If she was killed or kidnapped between the time she left Salita and the time they said their vows, it was reason enough for Salita to declare war on Kalmar.  Once their vows were said, the girl would be a Kalmaran and whatever came of her was of no interest to her kin, at least as far as international politics were concerned.  Knowing that there were those who would use Salita’s strange laws to cause further strife betwixt the two nations, the King sent to the Lady for assistance in safely securing his bride and avoiding open war with Salita.  The Salitans would find it a great insult to have one of their royal line thus slain while under the protection of foreigners, no matter who was responsible for such a reprehensible act.  It made little sense for anyone not of Salitan blood, but to them, it was a very serious matter indeed.  Knowing the strangeness of the Salitans and the severity of the consequences, the Lady sent her servants to see that things went smoothly.  
The five traveled swiftly to Salita to meet the bride and the escort the King of Kalmar was sending to fetch her.  Turin was nearly bouncing in his saddle with eagerness to be about his first adventure.  It was only on the long journey south that he began to understand that much of adventuring is mostly tedium and sleeping rough, and that the poets leave all the tedious details out of the stories.  The elder Brethren found great amusement in the boy’s encounters with reality, remembering their own rude awakening to such things.  Turin discovered his misconceptions, accepted it with a cheerful heart, and did not complain.  He found a wealth of knowledge and willing teachers in all of the elder Brethren and felt himself quite blessed with such attention.
The ride south was completed without incident; they were expected at the royal palace and were swiftly admitted.  Turin gawked about him at all the fanciful and amazing sights such a place had to offer.  He was not well-traveled or accustomed to great cities or royal courts.  The elder Brethren took everything in with new eyes as well because of his youthful enthusiasm.  Tristan wondered if the Lady sent such youngsters along with the elder Brethren simply to keep them thinking and seeing through the mind and eyes of youth.  He smiled, it was not a bad idea if that was truly part of her reasoning; it seemed both sides benefited from the apprenticeship.  They spent the night resting from their journey and the next day discussing their plans with the Kalmaran escort.  
As planned, Emilia met them in Salita the following day.  They were now ready to escort the bride to her anxious groom.  Seven guards along with Darrin, Turin, and Firth would escort Emilia to Kalmar.  Emilia would pretend to be the Salitan princess and act as a decoy should anyone choose to take advantage of the situation.  Meanwhile, Tristan and Grant would accompany the real princess to Kalmar; they would travel disguised as a merchant and her guards.  Tristan’s party left early in the morning, very quietly and without anyone the wiser of their absence.  The faux princess and her retinue then left Salita that afternoon with much pomp and ceremony.  The people did not know they enthusiastically and sadly bid farewell to someone who was not of the royal line, or even a Salitan for that matter.  The real princess was not happy to miss her farewell but decided that perhaps her life was worth more than such trivialities and said nothing more upon the matter.
It was the sixth day of a two week journey and nothing interesting had yet happened to Emilia’s company.  Turin whispered to Darrin, “when do we start having an adventure?  I thought the excitement would begin as soon as we arrived in Salita?  Adventuring is not as much fun as I had once thought.”  
Darrin laughed, “there is a very great difference between a story and real life.  One day you will not look forward to excitement so much, in fact you will go a great deal out of your way to avoid it.  That I think is the first sign of true maturity.”  
Turin looked disappointed, “you mean it is the first sign that you are getting old.”  
Darrin laughed, “I suppose you are right.  I did not have such feelings for the first sixty years or so of my life.  Maybe I should hang up my sword and become a Philosopher?”  
The boy grew anxious, causing Darrin to laugh, “I am only joking my young friend.  You need not fear spending the balance of your apprenticeship in a library.  I still enjoy a good adventure, but perhaps I am not as eager for excitement as I was in my relative youth.  You have done much to renew my yearnings however.  I still do not know if that is a good thing or not?”  
Their conversation was cut short by the snap of bowstrings and a rain of arrows, three of the guards fell with arrows in their chests; the survivors formed a screen around Emilia and her mount while she prepared to fly if things went ill, of which there seemed a very good chance, as twenty mounted men came riding towards the stricken party with all speed.  Seven against twenty were terrible odds but they must maintain appearances and would buy the true princess time with their lives.  The horsemen fell upon the small band, which fought desperately.  Six of the attackers held back until the guards were fully engaged and then they made for the woman.  She fought as best she could but was soon overpowered.  She was forced to hand over her sword to the four survivors.  She asked her unicorn to act as a normal horse as she reluctantly handed over her reins and the four led her away from the melee that swirled around her.  Her guards fought valiantly against their fourteen remaining foes.  All wished to give chase to the kidnappers but could not until the battle was finished.  
One by one the guards fell and did not rise again.  Turin slew one man but was knocked from his saddle by another and lay stunned upon the ground.  An unmoving body was of no interest, save as an obstacle to those that yet fought.  Firth fought hard and unseated two men and then exchanged blows with a third.  As his blade struck home, a fourth man drove his sword deep into Firth’s chest.  He fell from his saddle as Kimba screamed in grief and fury, fighting all the harder.  The men drew back in fear from the terrible teeth and hooves of the enraged horse that Kimba appeared.  They kept a wide berth betwixt themselves and the enraged beast as they finished off the last of the resistance.  Nahlar took a sword in the heart and went down with a scream and quickly vanished.  Darrin was thrown to the ground and slowly rose to his knees, only to find himself the sole survivor of their little party.  Three men held him at sword point, another walked among the carnage of the battle looking upon his fallen foes and allies alike, searching for any survivors.
Darrin’s party had done well, four were all that remained standing of the fourteen and none of their fallen foes had survived.  Darrin recognized the man who poked about among the carnage as Captain Marwin and his heart sank.  Marwin studied the fallen Firth and smiled coldly, if a little disappointed.  He kept his distance from the enraged Kimba, who yet stood over his master’s body.  Marwin came upon Turin, the boy groaned when the booted toe dug into his ribs.  Darrin’s heart cheered momentarily to see his apprentice was yet alive though they both would likely soon join the rest of Emilia’s defenders.  The boy sat up slowly and winced when he saw who had roused him.  Marwin motioned for the boy to join Darrin.  The boy got to his feet and did as he was told, kneeling beside his mentor.  The boy’s unicorn stood nearby with death written in his eyes as he stonily watched the men who had captured his master.
“You have survived,” said Marwin, “though not for very much longer I think.”  
“You will not get away with this,” said Darrin grimly.  
Marwin laughed, “I have already succeeded, fool!  You have utterly failed and will soon pay for it with your wretched lives.  Am I wrong in thinking you were one of those involved in that disgraceful incident for which I suffered such humiliation at the hands of the Order?”  
Darrin said, “I was there and you have not improved in manners since.”  
The man smiled coldly, “I see Firth has finally received his due, though I had hoped it would be I that would one day exact revenge upon him.  It shall at least be some small consolation to slay you.  There is another I hope to make pay for his temerity but perhaps another day.  It is a pity he is not among you.”
Knowing his time was short, Darrin yelled to Kimba, “your master is dead, but your duty remains.  Find Tristan and tell him what has happened here.”  One of the bandits backhanded Darrin for speaking thus.  Kimba reared and screamed in fury but turned to go with all haste.  
Marwin looked at Darrin with an evil and eager light in his eyes, “Tristan?  He is nearby and somehow involved in this plot?  I very much wish to meet him and take my due.”  
He turned to Turin and said, “boy!  Do you know where this Tristan currently abides?”  Turin nodded grimly.  
Marwin smiled, “excellent!  I shall spare your life then and you shall be my messenger.  Ride swiftly and tell him of all that has happened here and who was responsible.  I look forward to killing him.”  
Turin turned plaintive eyes upon Darrin, who said, “go, the message must reach Tristan and the Lady.  There is no sense in both of us dying; you have been offered some small mercy.”
Marwin laughed villainously, “it is not mercy.  That is not one of my failings!  It is vital that your friend come to me that I might have revenge upon him, that is the only reason I spare the boy.  I do not trust the beast to deliver the message.  Now go boy before I change my mind.”  
Turin looked stricken, “I cannot abandon my mentor.”  
Marwin laughed, “if that is all that keeps you I shall rectify matters.”  He nodded to one of his men and the man’s sword pierced Darrin’s chest.  Darrin groaned and fell backwards.  Turin looked on in horror and his hand moved towards his empty sheath but his sword was not there.  
Fighting back the darkness that tried to consume him, Darrin said, “avenge me not!  Ride!  Remember your Oath and do not mourn over much…”  He trailed off and lay still.  
“Now go boy or you are next!” snarled Marwin.
Tears of grief and shame streamed down the boy’s cheeks as he flung himself into his saddle and asked his mount to find Tristan.  He had lost two dear friends this day; he felt as if he had left his heart back amongst the carnage of the battle with his slain comrades.  He clung to the saddle and let his unicorn set his own course.  They caught up with Tristan that night as the trio camped in a little thicket some distance from the road.  The rapid approach of galloping hooves drew both men to their feet with drawn swords, but they nearly dropped them in shock to see who their visitor was.  Both men were truly grieved to hear of the deaths of their friends and the capture of Emilia.  
“We must go after her,” said Turin.  
Tristan shook his head grimly, “we cannot abandon the princess.  Once she is safely in Kalmar and has said her vows then we may go after Emilia, but not before.”  
“Then how are we to avenge Darrin and Firth?” asked the distraught Turin.  
Tristan shook his head and said sadly, “they shall not be avenged.  We shall bring Marwin to justice if we may but vengeance does not belong to us.  Would you break Oath to achieve nothing?”  
Turin hung his head in shame, “I should have died alongside them.  I have failed!  With his dying breath Darrin asked me not to avenge him yet I still long for it.  What else have I?”  
Tristan placed a strong arm around the boy’s shoulders, “you yet live and thus still have some purpose yet to accomplish.  It is not an accident that your life was spared; do not despise the gift you were given.  It was not your time and thus you should not feel any shame in surviving.  Your feelings are natural but not appropriate.  You must overcome them and hand it all over to the Master and lean on His strength.  Our friends are but parted from us for a time, we shall see them again thus you need not mourn as one without hope.  I had no dearer friend than Darrin and shall miss him greatly but now is not the time for grief.  We have much work to do.  I shall take you on as my apprentice until we return to Astoria and the Lady finds one more worthy of your attention.”
The boy still looked stricken but hope had returned to his eyes and the shame had fled.  He thanked Tristan for his encouragement and gratefully accepted a bowl of stew.  He was soon asleep from the exhaustion of battle, terror, and grief.  Tristan and Grant spoke long into the night with the princess and it was not until after midnight that their plans were fully decided after yet another uninvited though not unwelcome guest arrived.  
Kimba came as Darrin had bidden him.  Tristan’s heart broke for the poor creature, who had lost two riders in as many years.  He approached the grieving creature and said, “I know your heart is torn asunder but there is something I must ask of you.  It was for this very purpose that your master gave his life and it would greatly speed our success.  Will you carry the princess to Kalmar?  After that you are free to go where you will.  I know it is a great burden I ask you to bear, but our need is dire.  The faster our mission is completed the faster we can pursue Emilia and those that slew Firth.  Will you aid us?”  The stallion screamed in rage at mention of the perpetrators of this evil but agreed to carry the woman if only to honor his fallen master.  They found what sleep they could in the remnant of the night and left early in the morning.
The princess was delighted to ride such a noble creature but also distressed to learn that she had no control over her mount whatsoever.  With everyone mounted upon unicorns the journey to Kalmar was completed swiftly and the King wasted no time in securing the hand of his bride.  He was greatly distressed at the cost of her coming, but disaster had been averted and all felt it worth the price.  The three Brethren set out that same day in pursuit of those responsible for the whole detestable affair.  Kimba insisted on coming with them, though no one knew what part he might play in things to come.  Tristan knew they were riding into a trap but they must try to rescue Emilia and bring Marwin to justice: he had terrorized the world enough.  The party was not difficult to track because Emilia’s unicorn accompanied them and the other unicorns could easily follow their progress.  Turin was no longer eager for vengeance but longed to see justice done for his fallen friends and all the others who had suffered at Marwin’s hands.

Marwin, his surviving men, and their faux princess rode hard, knowing the Brethren might be close upon their heels.  As they rode, Marwin eagerly planned his revenge upon the insolent fool who would soon follow.  His assignment had been to capture or kill the girl and thereby foment war between the two countries.  His masters cared not what came of the woman thus her fate was in Marwin’s hands.  She was a pretty thing and he could find various enjoyable uses for her but perhaps he could find someone willing to pay dearly for her once this whole messy business with her would-be rescuers was completed, until then she was merely bait.  Emilia was not at all happy to be in the hands of such men but knew she must maintain her charade for as long as possible.  She mourned the loss of her retinue, and most especially for her comrades.  Marwin had left her in no doubt of their fate though he knew not her true name or allegiance.  They finally stopped for the night.  She was carefully bound and guarded and no chance was found for escape.  
The days passed slowly and a lesser heart might have despaired, but Emilia’s spirit was not one to quail under such grim circumstances.  She bore up well and even Marwin was impressed by her constancy.  They did not try to hide their trail lest their pursuers lose their quarry.  As the days passed and no sign of pursuit came, Marwin began to grow more and more angry.  One night as they sat about the fire of their small camp he demanded of Emilia, “where are your rescuers?  I must and will have my revenge.  They cannot be that far behind us!  They could have ridden to Kalmar and back by now.”  
Emilia smiled grimly and said, “they have else they would not be here.”  
“What do you mean?” snarled Marwin.
Emilia said, “I am not the princess, just an imposter.  Ware my friends are upon you.”  
He stared at her in disbelief but as the bowstrings sang in the night and felled three of his men, he understood.  He drew his sword but before he could use it upon her, an enraged unicorn was suddenly between himself and the woman.  Four more unicorns and three armed men ran into the camp and attacked the surviving villains.  The battle was short and as Marwin lay dying, he gasped at Tristan, “I want my revenge!  Because of you I am an utter failure…at least I need not face my masters’ wrath a second time.”  He lay still and his corpse dissolved into an oily puddle, which greatly astonished all of the Brethren.  They did not waste time pondering the matter and it was quickly forgotten in the joy of their reunion as they untied Emilia.  Kimba, having seen justice done, vanished into the woods to mourn and heal in his own way.  The others returned home with all haste.  
The Lady was grieved by the loss of her servants but leant upon the Master’s strength when her own failed.  She officially assigned Turin to Tristan to finish his apprenticeship.  After the boy had left, she said to Tristan, “I hope this time you succeed in turning him into a Messenger.  You sorely failed in your last attempt.  Do not disappoint me, I am terribly short of Messengers of late.”  Tristan’s jaw dropped.  The Lady laughed, “I do not blame you, the boys must decide for themselves.”  Tristan smiled weakly and nodded his thanks before bowing himself out of her presence.
Turin met him in the corridor outside the Lady’s chambers.  “Now what?” said the apprentice as Tristan fell into step beside him as they made their way down the hall.  Tristan could not help but smile at the eagerness in the boy’s voice.  They had lost much on their recent mission but it seemed there was always fresh hope and new beginnings; such was life that all things must eventually end but ever did new things arise to take their place.  The boy had great potential and would one day take up the duties laid down by Darrin and Firth.  
Tristan smiled at the memory of his friends and then said to the boy, “I do not know.  Usually after such a mission we either set out immediately on another adventure or we hang about the castle for a time until the Lady has need of us again.  As the Lady did not mention anything I can only assume that we must wait her pleasure for our next assignment, which means you, my young friend will be busy with classes, riding patrol, and standing watch.  I will be forced to subject innocent students to my tedious lectures.  I enjoy teaching in small doses but would rather spend my life fighting evil with my sword.”  
Turin smiled, “and what did I do to anger the Lady to be assigned as your apprentice and thus be subjected to your tedious lectures for time without end?”  
Tristan clapped the boy on the back, “careful that no one hears you speaking so or you might get yet another tedious lecture from someone else on conduct unbecoming an apprentice.  I am due the greatest respect you know?”  The boy was not sure whether he was in trouble or if Tristan was exercising his more playful side.  The man saw the boy’s nervous face and smiled broadly, “fear not, I am just in a jovial mood.  The Lady’s mood seems to be catching.”  The boy’s face was such a mix of scandal and astonishment that Tristan could not help but laugh.  It would be years before he ever felt at ease enough before the Lady to even believe she possessed a sense of humor.  Tristan’s smile deepened, remembering his own youthful awe of their leader.  Over time it had become a deep regard and respect but he was able to relax a bit in her presence to a point that he would not have believed two decades prior.
As they walked slowly down the hall, Grant passed them with a look of deepest concern on his face.  So intent was he to reach the Lady that he hardly noticed that he had passed someone at all, let alone recognizing who it was he had failed to greet.  As the man disappeared into the Lady’s chambers Tristan said quietly, “this cannot be good.”  
Turin asked, “what?”  
Tristan shook his head, “I do not know but it takes much to shake Grant even a little.  Something must be very wrong for him to be so deeply affected.”  
They had hardly reached the end of the corridor before a servant came running after them from the direction they had just come.  He bowed abruptly and asked them to return to the Lady’s presence.  The two Brethren exchanged a curious glance but lost no time in returning from whence they had come.  Grant was already there and shifted anxiously from one foot to the other.  He smiled weakly when he saw Tristan enter.  They made their bows to the Lady and stood alongside their fellow.  The Lady said to the new arrivals, “it seems I have a new assignment for you.  I will let Grant explain.”  
Grant bowed politely and then turned to face his friend and said, “I just received word from my father, who is by now very old and in failing health.  He fears for the future of our House.  He feels my youngest brother is unable to assume the duties of one of the Great Lords of Perth.  His youngest child and only daughter is the only one that remains to succeed him, but should she marry, she would no longer be considered part of his lineage and thus our line would fail.  Should she not marry, she would never have any children and thus the line is also ended.
My brother is dead, I am banished, my sister is ineligible, and for some unknown reason my youngest brother has been denied his rightful title; in light of these revelations, my father wishes to ‘adopt’ a man of title or property and thus perpetuate our line.  It is a strange custom but used occasionally in such hopeless situations.  The man is ‘adopted’ into the family and usually marries one of the daughters.  It is a good arrangement for a second or third son who wants title and rank but is denied it simply by the order of birth.  The man gets his title and privilege and the family line is continued via the daughter, who remains in her father’s family rather than marrying into another house.  It is a functional system at need but I do not know why my father is exercising it when he yet has a theoretically eligible son?
He writes to ask that you be sent to help oversee these proceedings, that the right decision is made for the future of his family and his House.  He is ever grateful to you for your dealings with me, and hopes to have the same success in this matter as in that regrettable incident that brought us together.  I also have a personal request, if my brother is at all eligible and worthy to follow in my father’s place, please see that you speak to my father about it.  His mind is failing of late and a wrong decision will spell disaster.”  
Tristan nodded, “I am honored by your father’s request.  What am I to do?”  
Grant smiled for the first time since he entered the Lady’s presence, “he asks that you blend in with the guests coming to seek his favor.  There will be several functions that must be attended by all those who are interested.  He wants you to observe all of the potential candidates without arousing their suspicions.  He will make the final decision but he greatly desires your input.”
Tristan looked stunned, “I am to impersonate a lord?  I cannot keep up such a charade long without needing to lie.  How would I respond when asked where my estate is?”  
The Lady smiled, “I would not ask such a thing of you.  You need not be of noble blood to compete for Lord Calmar’s favor but neither can just any peasant or beggar be admitted to such a contest.  You can however, be independently wealthy from trade or some other source.  You can tell the truth in saying you have no noble blood in your veins but you also have nothing to worry about from a financial perspective.  Some fancy clothes, a nice horse, and a servant should convince them that you are possessed of a good income even if you never say that you are.  Appearance is everything in a case such as this.  Let them assume what they will and you need not tell an untruth.”  
Tristan bowed in acceptance of her wisdom but did not look forward to impersonating a wealthy merchant.  She smiled and said, “I know royal functions and such privileged affairs are not to your liking but Lord Calmar is depending on you.  Besides, Turin has even more reason to dislike this assignment than you, I think, for he shall act as your servant.”  
The boy was wide eyed at this revelation and Tristan laughed, “you are right, Lady.  My role shall be easy compared to his, but it will not be that much of a change as he is already expected to bow to my every whim.”  The boy could not decide whether to be shocked or scandalized but the three elder Brethren shared a much needed laugh.  
Grant smiled and said, “I see this assignment is in good hands.  Give my father greetings for me.”
The three bowed and left the Lady’s presence, the boy still shocked at the way Tristan had acted before such an auspicious person.  Tristan smiled, “one day you will share such a relationship with the Lady, but it must be earned and takes many years of dedicated service.  Do not look so astonished or your eyes may fall from their sockets.”  The boy blushed and tried to regain control of his features.  Tristan continued, “come, we had best prepare to leave.”  
He turned to Grant, who walked with them, “when are these events to begin?”  
Grant laughed, “my father gave you just enough time if you leave now, even riding a unicorn you will be hard pressed to make it in time.”  Tristan shook his head wryly but refrained from comment.  
“How do you feel about all this?” asked Tristan of Grant, as they hastened along the corridor.  
Grant said, “I worry for my younger brother and what sort of man my sister may be saddled with, but I know that if you are there things will turn out for the best.  I share my father’s trust in your judgment.  As for not having the chance myself, I was resigned to that fate long ago.  I have found a much more worthy calling and am content.  My only concern is for my family.  May the Master ride with you!”  He turned off and disappeared down a side corridor.  Tristan and Turin wasted no time in packing and were underway within the hour.  
As they rode, Tristan said, “the hardest part will be finding clothes to fit the part of our roles.  You will need livery and I shall need some uncomfortable though fashionable garb.  The Lady sent money enough to procure such a wardrobe; the only problem will be getting it in time.  We will arrive on the morning of the very day the festivities are set to begin if we ride as hard as we can.”
Turin made a face, “livery?”  
Tristan laughed, “just think of it as a glorified apprentice uniform.  I doubt there will be much difference.  If you would like, I will be the servant and you can play the arrogant young fool.  I was not made to prance about in gaudy clothes and mingle with those who never say what they mean or believe what you say.”  
Turin smiled wryly, “you are rather cynical of the nobility; Grant turned out all right.”  
Tristan laughed, “twenty years among the Brethren has done much for him.  He once attempted to start a war between Perth and Ithalia in order to unseat his father and perhaps even the king.  His brother terrorized me in our student days and was eventually killed because of his poor choices.  Such tragedies seem to run in their blood, but with the Master’s help Grant has overcome his past with spectacular results.  I wonder what the younger children are like?  I can blend in with the nobility if I must, but I am much more at home among the commonfolk, for it is they that seem to possess all the sense.  The intrigues that one finds amongst the aristocracy are almost nonsensical and rarely observed amongst the peasantry, though they are far from lacking in their own tragedies.  I think a farmer would be a far better ruler than your average nobleman, but such is our current form of government and I must deal with it as I find it.  It may be inefficient and tyrannical at times but it is far better than anarchy.  But we must also be persistent in seeing that the rulers are fair and just to their people and if tyranny erupts, we will be there to see that it is ended.”
Turin looked surprised, “you would overthrow a monarchy that was deemed unjust?”  
Tristan laughed, “no, it is not for us to determine who rules or does not rule a country.  We would be there to advise the rulers that their policies and actions may not be in the best interests of their people and we would also see that any treacherous acts were handled justly.  We work within the bounds of the law; we do not take the law into our own hands.  We do not start wars though we often have a hand in ending them.  That is also why there is an advisor to every ruler from the Brethren: that their wisdom may be used in shaping laws and policies towards their own people and also towards other nations.  The rulers might not always listen but they cannot say they were not advised on such matters.  For the most part such things have gone quite smoothly in the last few centuries, though in the past it was not always so.”  
The boy shook his head in amusement, “there is much I must learn.  Is it always this complicated or simply this complicated for the Messengers?”  
Tristan smiled proudly, “you see much my young friend.  The Warriors also face similar situations on occasion, but in general their lives are much less complicated.  They often negotiate with a sword while the Messenger must first use his brain and then, only as a last resort will he reach for his blade.”  
Turin smiled, “for now I think I am content to become a Warrior.  I know you are a skilled swordsman, otherwise the Lady would not let me apprentice with you, but I almost wonder if she does not have an ulterior motive?”  
Tristan smiled wryly, “you see very much, more than I think she even believes you see.  Well done!  She dearly wishes you to change your allegiance to the Messengers but that decision is yours to make and neither of us will pressure you one way or the other.  Though I think you have much to offer either sect.”  The boy smiled and rode on in thoughtful silence, wondering idly if ever the Lady would have her wish.


Chapter 11

They pushed as hard as they could and arrived in Perth a little earlier than expected, even after a half day’s stop in a sizable market town to acquire their much needed and equally despised attire.  Turin seemed happy enough with his servant’s livery, in form and fit it was not that much different from his apprentice’s uniform.  Tristan was less pleased with his finery, or frippery as he preferred to consider it, but he had no choice in the matter.  The clothes were brightly colored, uncomfortable, and he thought he looked a right fool, which must mean they were on the cutting edge of fashion.  Worst of all, he did not think his garb would be functional in a fight.  Turin laughed, “perhaps you will switch your allegiance to the Warriors now?”  
Tristan smiled ruefully, “I have endured far worse, though at the moment I cannot recall exactly what.  But I think I shall live.  This is after all, a peaceful function, and there should not be any need for swords, sweat, or blood.  But it is good to be prepared, as I am sure there are those more than happy to take advantage of this situation.  Come my faithful servant, we must be on the road once more if we are to arrive in time.”  
They packed their new clothes carefully and were soon in the saddle, upon their way.  They arrived in the capital city of Nesmith as the sun was sinking the night before the festivities would begin.  They found accommodations at a respectable inn; Tristan winced at the price but the Lady insisted that they must maintain the appearance of being a wealthy young merchant and his servant.  They retired early and rose before dawn to make their preparations for the day.  Turin was sent with a message to the aging lord that they had arrived and sought an audience with him at his earliest convenience.
The old man wrote that they would be seen precisely at midday.  The ancient lord had been interviewing these young dandies for several days and one more such meeting would arouse no suspicions.  He was very interested in knowing who was vying for his title and property.  Secretly he was pleased that Tristan had come and anticipated the interview.  Aria was disguised as a fine Tithbian mare and Turin’s stallion looked a suitable mount for a servant of his standing.  They rode to Lord Calmar’s estate and arrived precisely on time.  Servants took their mounts and escorted the pair into Lord Calmar’s presence.  Turin withdrew to one side of the room and waited, as a proper servant should, until his master called.  
Calmar waved his own servants out and once he was alone with the two Brethren, he said, “well met my young friend.  It seems time has been kinder to you than to me, alas.  How is my son?”  
Tristan bowed politely and smiled, “Grant sends his warmest greetings and is doing very well.  You would be proud of the man he has become.”  
The aging lord smiled gratefully at Tristan’s kind words but his demeanor soured slightly as he brought the conversation back to the reason Tristan was there.  He said, “I have but two eligible children now, if you count my daughter, which by Perthian tradition I cannot.  My surviving son is so quiet and withdrawn that I do not know his mind, temperament, strengths, or failings.  Even if he has the character to assume my place, he has not the fortitude.  These noble dogs would tear him to shreds.  Thus I cannot let him take the title that should be rightfully his.”
Tristan said, “perhaps we may speak with the young man and ascertain his character and feelings in this matter?  Perhaps there is some reason for his reclusive behavior?”  
The old man shook his head, “he has had years to correct his misgivings, if there are any.  I think he is just not made for such a role and would be far happier in a life of solitude and seclusion.  Thus I will go ahead with my little scheme.  Should we find no young man fitting to assume my responsibilities then perhaps I will reconsider my son, but we shall see.”  
“How does your daughter feel about all this?” asked Tristan.  
The old man shrugged, “she is agreeable to her fate and only hopes I find her a suitable husband.  I shall do my best.  Your job is to make sure that I do not choose foolishly.  There will be many functions and events that these young dandies will be required to attend and as we go I shall weed out those I find unsuitable.  This must seem a tedious task when you would rather be chasing bandits or slaying dragons I suppose, but it is no less important to me and mine.”  
Tristan felt chastened for his previous misgivings about this assignment and resolved not to let such unworthy thoughts plague him again.  Whatever assignment or mission the Lady set before him was just as important as any other and must be handled appropriately.  Who was he to judge what was more important or honorable than something else?  If something was asked of him it was his duty to see it through and that was it.  Tristan smiled weakly and said, “it is an honor to be asked to help your family during this important and peculiar time.”  
The old man smiled warmly and said, “then I shall speak with you as I am able without drawing suspicions that you are perhaps more than just another young peacock hoping to secure his fortune.”  They bowed themselves out and joined the other guests who had recently arrived for the upcoming events.
As they left the room, a wide-eyed young man was escorted into Lord Calmar’s presence for his own interview.  They stood about idly upon the finely manicured lawns and gardens that surrounded the great house.  Servants bustled about with drinks and snacks lest their guests grow faint with hunger while waiting for all of their number to arrive and the festivities to begin.  Tonight there would be a grand ball to begin the selection process.  Most of the guests seemed to be second or even fifth sons of ancient houses but there were a number of young men who had made their fortune in some trade, business, or twist of fate.  
They shuffled about proudly from group to group, mingling, bragging, and speaking of nothing substantial.  The young nobles kept away from the men who had acquired wealth by other means, as if they carried plague.  It never occurred to these proud young fools that their forebears had once risen from the peasantry to the nobility through a similar process of success in war, trade, or love, albeit such events occurred generations ago and not within recent memory, as with the current young idealists.  It seemed only wealth passed down from long dead ancestors was of any estimable worth in their haughty eyes.  Those vying for the prize, who were independently wealthy, must wait another hundred years before their own houses could be established and considered of any significance or worth.  Tristan found the small group of men in his own supposed circumstances to be quite intriguing, whereas most of the nobles were downright boors.
As each man arrived, the other contenders watched closely to see what kind of horse or carriage brought him, how many servants attended him, and what kind of finery and wealth he displayed.  All of the applicants wore swords as part of their finery but very few of the servants attending them were likewise adorned.  Many looked disparagingly upon Turin, who grew nervous under their disdain.  Tristan said simply, “we are often wont to travel and it is a necessity of our chosen life that both of us go armed.”  
The young entrepreneurs nodded in understanding and thought no more of it; the nobles shook their heads at such seeming excesses, but the man was obviously a foreigner and could not be made to understand such proprieties, but it was all the better in that it hindered his chances of gaining favor with Lord Calmar.  What they did not know is that if Calmar could choose anyone to succeed him it would be Tristan, but he understood the constraints that kept Tristan from assuming such an honor and respected him all the more for his fidelity to his calling.
Tristan mingled with all and sundry, though to some he was considered an inconvenience, and they snubbed his courtesy by making it plain that they found no pleasure in his company.  Most of the contenders were between twenty and thirty years of age with a few nearing forty.  One such specimen arrived in a great black coach pulled by four horses of equal gloom; he was attended by six servants and four guards, also in black livery.  Tristan did not know if it was the stygian livery or the man himself that made his blood run cold.  There was just something about the fellow Tristan did not like or trust, though his entrance seemed to impress everyone else save Turin.
“There is something eerie about that man,” said the boy quietly.  Tristan nodded but motioned for the boy to hold his tongue.  The man dismissed his carriage, his guards, and all but two of his servants and then regally made his way towards the assembled candidates.  All eyes were fixed upon him as he joined the now silent throng.  
Tristan looked to one of his fellows and asked, “who is that?”  
The man shook his head, “I do not know but he certainly can make an entrance.”  As if summoned, the man joined Tristan’s small coterie.  
“Greetings,” said the man in mellifluous tones, “I am Lord Duncan and am eager for the coming contest.”  
All who heard him speak seemed to accept his words with such awe that they might have come from the Master Himself.  The Brethren were immune to such persuasion but pretended to be as affected as their contemporaries lest they draw unwanted attention.  There was something peculiar at work here, but neither Tristan nor Turin understood what.  Tristan only knew he must keep the man away from Calmar at all costs, if he had such influence over the minds of others in something as simple as a greeting, what would he be capable of in more important matters?
The man wandered about from group to group and seemed to be measuring up each of his competitors; he happily found them all pleasantly lacking in various characteristics that might make them viable contenders.  The sun was beginning to sink as the last people Tristan hoped to see, but not particularly surprising in their attendance of such a function, arrived.  Six knights of the Order pranced in on their white warhorses, each bedecked with a fake horn.  Their riders led them through an impressive display of horsemanship, military precision, and trick riding.  The other guests were dazzled and happily embraced the newcomers as equal to themselves.  Duncan wore a patronizing smile for their antics.
All afternoon servants had been busy setting up decorations, tables of food and wine, and all the other myriad accouterments necessary for a ball of this magnitude.  As the sun sank, the torches and lanterns were lit and the musicians began to play; the smell of exotic food filled the night air.  Lord Calmar made his appearance and said, “welcome friends and strangers from far and wide.  I welcome you to the festivities that will end when one of you is chosen to supplant me.  Please enjoy yourselves for the duration of your stay but know that I can ask you to leave at any time when I decide that you are out of the running.  I ask that you withdraw with a grace befitting your position.  As this is a ball and all of my guests are of the male persuasion, I have asked the local lords to send a few of their younger daughters to keep company with you this night.  A purely male ball is no ball at all.  Of course my daughter will dance with each of you during the course of the night.  I wish you all an enjoyable evening!”  
There was much cheering and applause for their host and then the music began with a vengeance.  Tristan smiled and said quietly to Turin, “you are fortunate to be a servant and not expected to dance.  My mentor was not so kind to me when I was an apprentice in a similar situation.”  
Duncan approached, and seeing the two conversing, said, “have you no one better to speak with than your servant?”  
Tristan smiled and said, “he is far more than a servant.  He is often my only companion on many long and dangerous journeys.  I would not snub such a devoted and faithful friend for mere propriety.”  
Duncan laughed, “he at least has earned your trust and respect it seems, though there are many here who would not understand such sentiments.  Do you have a name?”
Tristan said, “I am called Tristan, of a happily obscure family.”  
The man laughed, “you are well spoken my friend, even with so questionable an upbringing, at least as many here would see it.  What hopes have you of succeeding in this little contest?”  
Tristan laughed, “in such matters I have no hope at all.  I am simply here to see what comes of this peculiar event.”  
“Good,” said Duncan, “I would not wish us to be enemies.  Perhaps later we may speak at length, after all is resolved in one way or another.”  The man bid Tristan farewell and wandered off into the crowd.  
Tristan shook his head, “he seems an interesting man but there is just something about him that I do not like.”  
“I am sorry to hear that,” said Lord Calmar quietly behind Tristan, “I was almost hoping I had found my man.  What is wrong with him?”  
Tristan shook his head, “I do not know but it feels as if he bathes in evil.  He also seems to have a strange influence over the thoughts of others.  My Lord, I have no proof save my own feelings, but I would be cautious in his presence.  I do not trust him.”  
Calmar looked grim, “I will be careful and try to abide by your advice.  I see it is your turn to dance with Elaina.  We shall speak again.”  The man disappeared into the throng to speak with other guests while his daughter approached Tristan shyly and asked if he wished to dance.  Tristan bowed politely, took her hand, and escorted her to the floor where they joined a whirling throng of others already thus engaged.
“You dance well for a warrior,” said the lady.  
Tristan laughed, “the sword and the dance share much in the way of balance, rhythm, and footwork it seems, though perhaps a lady is far more dangerous than ever a sword might be.”  
She laughed and said, “alas that my father cannot choose you and alas for me that he must choose at all.”  
Tristan sobered and said, “you do not wish for this to proceed?”  
She shook her head, “were it my choice I would ride to Astoria and join my brother there.  My youngest brother is fit to take my father’s place but my father will not or cannot see it.  I will do my duty but my heart yearns for other things.”  
Tristan nodded, “your brother asked that we discover why your youngest brother is denied his birthright.”  
Elaina said quietly, “both of my father’s elder sons have been disappointments and embarrassments.  It is because of their failings that Eldin is afraid even to try.  He fears that he will fall to the same arrogance that cost one brother his life and forced the other into exile.  He has no reason to fear such things because he has a good heart and a sound mind, but he does not believe it and will not risk such failure.  My father is content to see no more than the superficial and thus this whole affair must continue.  I pray that there is some way that my father can see my brother as he truly is and not as he pretends to be.  Will you speak with him?”  
Tristan nodded, “I will do what I can.  Any suggestions?”  
Elaina said, “he likes to ride alone in the woods by the river and you may happen upon him there without anyone the wiser.”  
Tristan smiled, “then I shall try and speak with him in such a setting.  What think you of your suitors?”  
Elaina shuddered, “I am not impressed with the nobles, but then I expected nothing else.  Some of the young merchants are intriguing but they are still very young and little more than boys.  Lord Duncan is superficially charming but there is something about him that I do not trust.”  
Tristan nodded, “I do not trust him either.  The others are relatively harmless but there is something about Duncan that speaks of treachery.”
They parted and Elaina went dutifully in search of her next partner while Tristan walked about the crowd speaking with whomever was to hand.  He mused silently to himself.  The girl wished to join the Brethren and he thought she would be an excellent addition to their ranks, but she was also willing to submit to whatever her father deemed necessary; overall, quite a pleasant contrast to her elder brothers.  
“Are you much acquainted with the family?” asked Duncan from beside him.  
Tristan jumped at the sudden intrusion upon his reflections and said, “I have encountered various members of the clan over the years, but I am not really intimate with any of them, save perhaps one of the older sons, if you can call it that?”  
Duncan laughed, “you know the wretch then that tried to overthrow his father and was summarily banished from Perth?  What has come of the traitor?”  
Tristan shrugged, “he has made his own way in the world and has turned out a rather more respectable fellow than most had ever thought possible.  I happen upon him occasionally in my journeys and am glad to call him my friend.”  
Duncan laughed, “he would have been better to choose the headsman’s axe rather than throwing himself on the mercies of the Brethren.  They are no lovers of rank or privilege.  I hope he was not fool enough to join them?”  
Tristan shrugged noncommittally, “whatever his allegiance, he seems to have found his place in the world.”  
Duncan snorted in disdain, “perhaps but he lost much more than he could ever hope to regain.  It was a delightful scheme but sloppily handled.  I cannot abide failure.  His next younger brother had a much more promising future, but alas was murdered by the Brethren.  He had a heart that would make any parent proud.”
Tristan suppressed a shiver at the man’s idea of what made parents proud.  Duncan sighed and said, “perhaps I can gain the girl’s hand and right the wrongs that have been perpetrated upon this unfortunate family.  Keep a careful eye out for any of the Brethren for me, they love to meddle in these affairs and it would be unfortunate to have them influencing matters in ways that would prove detrimental to all involved.”  
Tristan asked, “and what exactly am I looking for?  You do not exactly see them every day.”  
Duncan laughed, “such a well-traveled man and you have not encountered the Brethren?  Well, I suppose you have had no reason to fall afoul of them.  Look for anyone who is a little too self-righteous or overly pious.  They tend also to speak in platitudes and see everything in stark black and white, good and evil.  They may also be a bit socially awkward among more normal folk.  They are supposedly well versed in lore and the sword, but I am not sure of the truth of such assertions.  You will know them when you see them.”  
Tristan laughed, “and are you asking all the attendees to help in this task or have I drawn your attention for some strange reason?”  
Duncan smiled coldly, “you said you really had no interest in claiming the prize and I believe you.  Since you are not my enemy I thought perhaps you would be willing to aid me.  Am I mistaken?”  
Tristan smiled, “not at all, I just wanted to know if you feared a conspiracy by these Brethren of yours.”  
Duncan smiled grimly, “they have a habit of making a nuisance of themselves and many carefully laid plans have fallen afoul of their meddling.  I will not have it so on this occasion.”  
Tristan nodded, “I will do what I can.”  Elaina approached to claim Duncan for the next dance, ending the conversation.

The night finished sometime shortly before dawn and the weary celebrants gratefully sought their beds.  The following evening would be a great feast and then the days would be filled with various hunts, entertainments, balls, and contests until only one man remained.  Tristan and Turin returned to their inn and slept until midday and then rode again to Calmar’s great estate.  They made their intentions known to Calmar’s guards, who asked only that they avoid riding through any unharvested fields and that they not spook the livestock.  To this they happily agreed though Tristan thought it should be common sense and basic courtesy to avoid such things.  
They set off at once in search of the river and the boy who loved the woods through which it flowed.  They happened upon him in the mid-afternoon, dozing against an ancient oak while his horse reached lazily at branches just out of reach.  They approached slowly, the unicorns made almost no noise in the silent wood.  They dismounted and the noise of their feet hitting the ground roused the boy from his nap.  He jumped to his feet and reached for his sword at the sight of two armed strangers approaching by stealth.  
“Who are you?” demanded the boy, “And who gave you leave to interrupt my solitude?”  
The two Brethren bowed politely and Tristan said, “your sister asked us to speak with you on matters concerning your father’s successor.”  
“My sister?” said the boy, who had apparently forgotten that he was quiet and withdrawn, “When did you have a chance to speak with her?”
Tristan said, “I danced with her briefly at the ball last night, it was then that she asked me.”  
The boy laughed bitterly, “then you are one of those vying for what is rightfully mine?”  
Tristan smiled wryly, “to maintain appearances it must appear that way, but I am in no way able to assume a title even if it were my desire.  Your father asked that we come and observe the festivities and the selection of his heir.  It is by his request alone that we are here.”  
“Who are you?” asked the intrigued boy, “And if you are here at my father’s request, why do you have any interest in what becomes of me?”  
Tristan said warmly, “it was also your brother’s request that I look into the matter and speak to your father about it, should I find you a worthy heir.”  
“My brother!” gasped the boy, “How come you to know him?  Was he not banished for treason when I was but a child?”  
Tristan said, “he was banished and it was a punishment befitting his crimes, but since he has become an honorable man and I am proud to call him friend and Brother.”  
The boy finally understood, “you are one of the Brethren?”  
Tristan nodded, “I have a long and often painful acquaintance with your family.  I was one of those that helped bring Grant to justice but also saw that he had another chance at making something worthwhile of his life.  It was I that your brother Merk tormented, and it was later my hand that slew him when he threatened our lives.  It was also because of him that a dear friend died to spare my life.”  
The boy was deeply moved by the pain and grief in Tristan’s eyes and voice as he recounted those strange and terrible days.  The boy sighed, “I am sorry for the pain my family has caused you, yet you still claim an interest in my cause?”
Tristan smiled, “I have endured much pain but it is old and fleeting, though it temporarily hurts to open old wounds.  Your brother is a dear friend and your sister an honorable lady.  Your father is also a good man, though in this case I fear he is misguided about his rightful heir.  I wish to see the right thing done for all in this matter.  Why is your father convinced you have not the heart for what you claim as your birthright?”  
The boy looked at the ground and scuffed the toe of his boot in the dirt, “I have no wish to be the disappointment and failure that my two older brothers have been, thus I remain aloof and silent that I may not make the same mistakes.  Failure seems to run in our blood.”  
Tristan shook his head, “such failures are the fault of pride not heredity.  Your heart seems far more akin to Grant in these later days and to that of your sister, rather than to Merk and Grant in former days.  But you must make this known to your father else your case is hopeless and your due will fall to another and your sister’s aspirations will come to nothing.  More men fail from a failure to act than those that fail for other reasons.  Your failing is not pride but fear.  Do not let fear keep you from doing as you know you must.  I can speak with your father but he will not believe me unless you prove my words true.  You have the heart for this and it is your rightful duty.  Your sister’s happiness also depends upon it.”
The boy looked chastened, “I never thought to fail for lack of trying!  You do not think I shall fall to the same pride that was the ruin of my elder brothers?”  
Tristan smiled, “your heart is not so hardened or your mind so haughty, but ware, for such feelings can overtake you if you are not ever vigilant, but I think you know only too well the costs of such a failing and I doubt you will make the same mistake.”  
The boy smiled, “then I will speak to my father.  I thank you for your confidence and your advice.”  
“One more thing,” said Tristan, “there is a Lord Duncan about and I think he intends to have your birthright at any cost.  Be cautious in approaching your father until you are sure of his mind.  The man has the uncanny ability to influence the minds of others.  I shall speak with your father tonight at the feast and see if I can judge his mind.  Until then I ask that you continue to play the timid and indifferent heir, if only to avoid Duncan’s notice.  I do not doubt that he would happily dispose of you to ensure his success.  I will protect you with my life if I can, but I am not able to guard you as would be necessary in such a case.”  
The boy nodded in understanding, “I shall wait until you give me leave to approach my father.”  
Tristan smiled, “good, I hope this whole fiasco will soon be at an end.”  He bowed politely in farewell and they rode back to their inn to prepare for the feast.  The boy stayed long in the woods, deep in thought.
The time for the feast arrived and again the guests arrived in all their grandeur.  Lord Calmar met them all at the door and greeted them enthusiastically, exchanging a few words with each.  To Tristan he said, “Lord Duncan approached me today for an interview and he seems an upstanding young man.  I may be close to finally choosing my heir.”  
Tristan kept his features carefully neutral and said, “perhaps it would be wise to continue the festivities until you are absolutely certain?”  
The man nodded reluctantly, “it would certainly not hurt and I do enjoy the merriment.”  
Tristan nodded and moved to take his place at the table.  It was to be a seven course extravaganza and between each course the participants were required to get up and switch seats, so that there were many chances for Lord Calmar to interact with his guests.  Tristan found the strange game tedious and the conversation terribly lacking, but did the best he could under the circumstances.  
During the final course he found himself seated next to Duncan who said, “I heard you came riding in Lord Calmar’s woods this afternoon.”  
Tristan nodded and said, “I am not a city man by habit and it was a great joy to escape confinement for a time.”  
Duncan nodded and said, “I loathe nature but I know others find it soothing.  I am a creature of comfort myself.  Did you happen upon Calmar’s boy on your ride?”  
Tristan nodded, “he seems an interesting lad but some doubt his ability to handle his birthright.”  
Duncan nodded, “he lacks the heart and mind of his elder brothers and thus to spare him the intrigues of court, his father chose to lay the burden on a more worthy set of shoulders.”  
Tristan smiled blandly, “I would certainly prefer the freedom of the woods to being entombed in the royal court.  Perhaps it is a kindness in its own way, or at least perceived as such.”  
Duncan nodded and changed the subject, “have you come across any of the Brethren?”
Tristan shook his head, “I have not encountered anyone meeting your description.  How about you?”  
Duncan shook his head and smiled mirthlessly, “I am glad they are not here to meddle in my affairs, but I would enjoy crossing swords with one if they are as good of fighters as rumor holds.”  
Tristan said, “I do not think I would enjoy that.”  
Duncan laughed mirthlessly, “it is strange for such a pacifist to wear a sword.”  
Tristan smiled grimly, “I am no pacifist and can kill at need, but I do not enjoy it for its own sake.”  
Duncan chastised, “someday perhaps you will learn to relish a good fight, some say it is more delectable than a fine wine.”  
The course was finished and the tables cleared away that the guests might mingle and wander about.  Several minstrels and storytellers were brought in to entertain those not interested in conversation.  Elaina wandered about with her father and the pair engaged their guests throughout the night.  Again they retired to their beds shortly before sunrise.  They were to assemble again on the morrow to enjoy a horse race.  As the guests left, Calmar stood at the door and politely told several that they would not be returning for further entertainments.  Tristan wondered that the members of the Order were allowed to stay after what befell Merk, but perhaps the old man was just reluctant to cause trouble for himself if he did not need to.  Tristan returned to his inn with a heart burdened for the boy who might lose his inheritance because of the sinister Lord Duncan.  The only way to resolve this might be to give Lord Duncan his wish.  
They arrived early the following day, hoping to have a private word with his lordship but he was closeted with Duncan and would not be disturbed.  The other candidates arrived and soon the day’s activities would begin.  Lord Calmar stood forth and said, “today we shall have a little horse race, just for fun of course, but any of you showing extraordinary skill or spirit may work your way further into my graces.  This will be a test of skill, endurance, and speed.  Most of us shall watch but all are welcome to participate.”  
Duncan stood forth and was the first to volunteer, followed closely by the men from the Order.  Tristan reluctantly joined them as did half a dozen other young men, none of noble birth.  Most of the nobles still present thought little of such displays but would happily watch others make fools of themselves.  Tristan smiled to think that all of those thus far sent away were of noble birth and were among the most arrogant in attitude.  As Tristan mounted Aria, he said quietly to Turin, who pretended to hold his reins, “see if you can get a word with Lord Calmar.  I shall keep an eye on our unscrupulous companions.”  
The boy nodded and handed Tristan his reins; Aria pranced up to the starting line.  Ducan looked the mare over and nodded approvingly, “you are a good judge of horseflesh.  Let us see if her heart matches her beauty.  If she proves to be what she looks I would not mind having a foal out of her.”  The mare snorted in disgust.  Duncan did not notice, “this shall be fun!  I am all but assured the old man’s place but he wishes to humor his other guests a while longer.  I do not mind, I am rather enjoying watching the others have their hopes dashed.”
The official dropped the flag and the contestants were off like an arrow from the string.  It was a long and winding course through the woods and around the entire perimeter of the estate with plenty of back and forth that the spectators might occasionally catch a glimpse of the riders.  The Knights of the Order dropped back halfway through the course, their horses were big and heavy, built for endurance but had not the speed of the other horses.  They were bred to carry a man in full armor for long distances, but not at such speeds.  
Duncan, Tristan, and five of the young idealists were all that remained.  Aria could easily outdistance them all, but Tristan held her back so as not to reveal their true identity.  She chafed at the slowness of their pace but understood why she could not run as she was meant to.  Duncan put his heels to his horse’s flanks and yelled to Tristan, “let us see what she is truly made of!”  
The mare screamed a challenge and the pair thundered off recklessly.  Lesser horses might have died of exertion but Duncan had chosen his mount carefully and no unicorn would flag at such trifling speeds.  The others fell back and watched their chance of glory disappear over a distant hill.  By the end of the race, Duncan’s stallion was breathing hard and frothed with sweat.  Aria seemed hardly winded.  Duncan smiled, “she is a fine mare.  How much do you want for her?”  
Tristan laughed, “I could hardly sell such a creature.  One does not find her like very often.”  
Duncan nodded, “perhaps you will sell me a foal?” 
 Tristan shrugged, “it will be long ere she carries another foal but I will keep you in mind.”  Aria was not pleased with this discussion but pretended to be a silly horse and did nothing to expose her true identity.
The others finally caught up and Lord Calmar was delighted with the race, “excellent, outstanding!  Such horsemanship is rarely seen.  Come, we will celebrate your victory with much wine and the finest food.”  
Again they ate the delectable food and drank the finest wine while all mingled and talked as a minstrel played a lively tune in the background.  As the sun dropped behind the hills, Lord Calmar dismissed his guests, some permanently, and invited the rest back early on the morrow for a hunt.  Duncan was speaking quietly with the Knights of the Order and Tristan used the time to speak privately with the lord.  
“Lord Calmar,” said Tristan, “do you trust my judgment?”  
Calmar grinned sloppily, he had been aggressive in consuming his own wines, “of course.  Is not Duncan a fine man?”  
Tristan said, “I fear there is something sinister about him and that he intends nothing good towards you or yours.  I also spoke with Eldin, and I believe he has the heart and courage to follow in your footsteps.  He has hidden his true nature for fear of failing as his elder brothers did.  He will speak with you about it shortly.  Please consider him once more before choosing another heir and if I may advise you, choose anyone except Duncan.”  
Calmar looked grieved but also giggled for no apparent reason, “you have had too much to drink my friend.  We shall speak more on the morrow.  Eldin?  Hah!  The boy is unsuited for anything but Duncan insists that he come on the hunt tomorrow for some reason.”  Tristan bid the old man goodnight and his blood ran cold.  There could be no good reason why Duncan would want Eldin on the hunt.  Hunting could be extremely dangerous and accidents happened frequently.  What better way to be rid of the heir apparent?


Chapter 12

Tristan quickly wrote a letter to Eldin and Elaina to warn them of his suspicions on the morrow and his great concern for their father’s ability to think clearly while under Duncan’s strange influence.  He sent Turin with the message and then began to plot how the two of them could avert disaster if Duncan and the knights decided to press the issue.  Turin brought word back from Eldin that he would stand ready to fight should the need arise.  Elaina would not accompany the hunters but promised to speak with her father if she could.  
They arrived at daybreak to begin the hunt and broke off into several parties.  Tristan and Turin found themselves attending Eldin, Duncan, and the knights of the Order.  If things grew ugly it would be three against seven.  Duncan tried to speak to the boy but he would not listen and shrunk away in disgust.  Duncan smiled coldly and said loudly to Tristan, “he is as ill-humored and cowardly as his father says.  He has no right to assume his father’s place.”  
Tristan glanced back at the boy, who seemed unaffected by the cruel words.  Duncan smiled ruthlessly at the boy and said, “since we shall be brothers, we must learn to get along, so I shall let you take the first shot, a sign of my willingness to make amends.”  The boy said nothing and they rode in silence.  Tristan knew this was simply Duncan’s plan to get the boy alone and unprotected; the boy would go after their quarry and then find himself hit ‘accidentally’ by spear or arrow.  Duncan motioned and four of the knights broke off to circle around and see if they could drive something towards their waiting companions.  At least their numbers were temporarily even.
Some time later a loud crashing was heard in the woods ahead as a great stag broke cover with the knights distantly following.  Duncan smiled, “this is your chance Eldin!  The stag is yours.”  Eldin sat his horse and made no move towards the beast.  A sneer crossed Duncan’s face, “you would slight your brother?”  
Eldin spoke, “you cannot rightfully call yourself so.  I do not know what treachery or spell you have worked upon my father but it will not gain you his title or my sister.  I will defend both with my life.”  
Duncan snarled, “so you do have a tongue boy and heart too it seems, though both shall very soon cease to be a nuisance.  Your father is all but in my hands and your sister shall be soon enough.  It will take a miracle to save you from the fate I intend.”  
“You would murder me?” asked the boy quietly.  
Duncan smiled coldly, “I would not call it murder, simply removing an obstacle.”  
“You cannot do this,” said Tristan quietly.  
Duncan scowled at him, “I thought you would go along with my little plot.  You will be richly rewarded for your cooperation.”  
Tristan shook his head, “I cannot stand aside and let you spill innocent blood.”  
Duncan laughed, “and where did these sudden stirrings of morality come from?  Can the boy offer something that I cannot?  And what of the odds, there are three of you and seven of us?  With my guidance you can become something great and terrible, else you can simply die.”
Tristan nodded grimly, “then I shall die an honorable man.”  
Duncan laughed, “honor is a poor companion and does little to warm a cold grave.  Come I shall forgive you your insolence.  As you can see, you are now surrounded.”  
Tristan looked around and saw that the four knights had given up their pursuit of the stag and now formed a perimeter around their original quarry.  “Will you not change your mind?” asked Duncan.  
Tristan shook his head.  Duncan looked to Turin, “and what of you?”  
Turin laughed grimly, “I stand beside my master, live or die.”  
Duncan laughed coldly, “you are all fools but I shall enjoy this.”  As the requisite speeches were given, Tristan wondered how they were going to get out of this one.  Aria suddenly alerted him to another presence in the area and a smile crossed his face.  He yelled to Eldin, “give your horse his head.”  The boy looked confused but obeyed immediately; the placid gelding just stood there.  
Duncan laughed, “trying to buy time?”  As he finished speaking, his horse and every other horse in the party went mad with terror.  Their riders fought to gain control and found themselves on the ground.  Eldin let his horse run, and off they went before anyone could catch them.  Grant came riding down the hill, his unicorn unveiled.  
Duncan snarled from the ground, “the Brethren!”  
He scowled at Tristan and Turin, “and why did your horses not flee?”  
Tristan laughed, “and who ever said they were horses?”  
Duncan drew his sword, as did the six unhorsed knights.  The Brethren drew their swords as the unicorns revealed their terrible beauty.  In a swirling tangle of horns, hooves, teeth, and swords, the six knights set upon the three Brethren.  Duncan ran off after the boy while the others were occupied.  The knights fought desperately but stood little chance, even with superior numbers, for they really did not outnumber the Brethren, as their mounts were as much warriors as their riders.  Only two of the knights remained standing when Tristan looked for Duncan, only to see him vanish over a distant hill in the direction the boy had fled.  “Grant!” yelled he.  
Seeing the man in pursuit of his brother, Grant left Tristan and Turin to finish off the knights while he rescued the boy.  The horses had not fled far, only enough to escape the maddening sight and smell of the unicorns.  Duncan found the huddled animals and was soon astride his own foolish beast, in close pursuit of the boy.  The boy’s horse was good but no match for Duncan’s, especially with fear no longer driving him on.  Eldin wondered what had come of Tristan and the boy.  He also wondered who the strange man atop the hill was that had startled the horses with his awesome mount.  It was not long before he heard galloping hooves behind him and knew someone was in close pursuit.  He glanced back and saw Duncan closing on him with a boar spear in his hand and madness in his eyes.
The boy beat the horse cruelly with his heels but could bring no more speed from the flagging animal.  Duncan closed quickly and raised the spear, ready to throw.  Grant saw the terrible scene unfolding and knew what must be done.  The unicorn quickly caught the horses and plunged between the galloping pair.  Anger crossed Duncan’s face as he threw the spear and brought down Grant’s mount with a yell of fury.  The unicorn screamed, went down, and vanished.  Grant lay where he had fallen, crushed by his faithful friend before he faded upon death.  Painfully his hand crept towards his sword as he struggled to his knees.  Duncan was off his horse, sword drawn, and ready to slay one of the cursed Brethren.  Eldin watched wide-eyed from his saddle.  
“No!” yelled Tristan, galloping madly down the hill but he would not be in time.  
Duncan laughed, “I had hoped this would be an even match but alas, expediency demands that I kill you swiftly and then deal with the boy.  Your sacrifice is vain.”  Fire burned in Grant’s eyes but he could not rise to his feet.  Feebly he held his sword before him but could do nothing to block Duncan’s blade as it took him square in the chest.  He fell gasping for air as his blood puddled about him.  
Tristan leapt from Aria’s back and landed beside his stricken friend.  He looked coldly at Duncan, “do you know who it is you have slain?”
Duncan laughed harshly, “one of you is the same as the other as far as I am concerned.”  
Tristan looked sadly at Eldin and said, “it is your brother.  I will deal with Duncan.”  Tristan bared his sword and faced off with Duncan, whose eyes gleamed to finally be crossing blades with such a legendary warrior.  Turin rode up and watched as his mentor faced off with the evil man.  Then he saw Grant lying in a growing puddle of blood and was soon beside him.  
Grant gasped painfully when he saw Turin, “the duty now falls to you to keep Tristan out of trouble.”  Turin smiled weakly and held the dying man’s hand.  
Eldin was out of his saddle and squatting on Grant’s other side, “why are you willing to die for me?”  
Grant smiled weakly and winced in pain, “because the Master died for me.  Besides, you are my brother and will make a finer Lord than ever I would.”  
“You cannot die!” wept Eldin, “I have finally found a brother I can be proud of and aspire to be like.” 
Grant laughed and coughed, blood spattered about the side of his mouth, “it is a little late for that, but I am honored by your sentiments.  Tell father farewell.”  
“Farewell?” came a desperate voice, cracking with grief and age, “It cannot be!”  
Grant smiled weakly as Lord Calmar leant over his dying son’s prone form, “hello sir, I am afraid this visit must be short…but perhaps we shall meet again, beyond time.  Do not weep, for I go to a better place…”  He trailed off as his ragged breathing ceased altogether.  The only sound was the clash of swords and Eldin’s weeping.
Calmar placed a tentative hand on his surviving son’s shoulder and the boy threw himself into the old man’s arms.  Together they wept, gaining strength in their shared grief.  Turin drew his sword and leapt into the fray.  Duncan was good but so was Tristan, however he was no match for two of them.  “You call this honorable?” snarled the now hard pressed Duncan.  
Tristan smiled grimly, “this is not about honor, but justice.  Surrender and you may face a trial, otherwise consider this your execution.”  
Duncan sneered, “I shall never surrender.”  And thus was his fate decided.  He soon lay gasping on the ground with Tristan’s sword through his heart.  He laughed and gasped for air, “fools, you will never win.  You may win for a day but your pitiful Master will never defeat my master.”  
“Who are you?” asked Tristan.  
Duncan sneered, “an ancient enemy that you have never been clever enough to catch…”  His words trailed off and only an oily ooze remained to say that he had ever been.  “Who are these people?” gasped Tristan, “First Marwin and now this character.  Does he speak truly of some ancient conspiracy against the Master?”  Only the sighing of the wind in the trees answered his question.
He and Turin then returned to their fallen friend and his kin.  “I am sorry sir,” said Tristan quietly to Lord Calmar, “I have lost a dear friend but you have lost yet another son.”  
Calmar smiled through his tears, “yes but I have also gained back the son I feared lost.  My daughter and all Perth are also spared the evil of this man.  To think that I almost named him my heir!  Only now do I realize that my thinking was somehow clouded.  What vile magic did he possess?”  
Tristan shook his head, “I have never encountered anything like it before, though I begin to wonder if there is not some sinister twin to the Brethren.  If the Master can have men sworn to His service, why not the Enemy?”  They all shuddered at such a vile thought and hoped it was only conjecture.  
Lord Calmar said, “he seemed to die in peace, and you are right, I am very proud of him.  He said something about perhaps meeting again?”  
Tristan nodded, “the body may die but the soul lives on.  All those faithful to the Master in life find themselves in His bright country once life fails.  It was of that he spoke.”  
Calmar nodded, “at my age our meeting cannot be that far off.  But while I still draw breath, let us see Eldin officially given his due.  I hope Elaina is not too disappointed at the loss of her suitors.”  
Tristan smiled, “she will not regret it in the least though I fear her intentions may pain you.”  
Calmar looked concerned, “what does she hope to do now that this fate has been averted?”
Tristan said, “at the ball she spoke of riding to Astoria.”  
Calmar nodded grimly, “I can think of no greater honor than to have two of my family numbered among the Brethren.  Besides, what are you to do without one of my offspring riding among you?  It would never do!  She may go if she wishes though I shall dearly miss her.  What of Grant?”  
Tristan said, “it is our custom to bury our dead in an unmarked grave and then a simple hymn is sung, but he is your son and our customs must bow to yours.”  
Calmar shook his head, “he died as one of you and it was amongst you that he truly lived.  Let it be in keeping with your customs.”  Tristan nodded sadly and they buried their friend.  Such was the song that long did it haunt the memories of those who heard it and stirred both grief and joy upon remembrance.  The somber party then returned to the estate and Eldin was rightfully announced as Calmar’s heir.  The disappointed guests withdrew and Tristan, Turin, and Elaina made ready for the long ride back to Astoria.  Calmar bid his daughter farewell and she smiled warmly at her brother.  
“What of the Order?” asked Calmar, “They will not be happy that six of their agents died on my property.”  
Tristan shook his head, “tell them the truth.  They attempted the life of your son and the Brethren slew them in self-defense.  Send them to Astoria if they demand justice and let the Lady deal with them.”  
Calmar snorted, “justice!  How can they demand justice after such a debacle?”  
Tristan shook his head, “they are a twisted and peculiar lot.  Farewell!”  They rode slowly off with the setting sun at their backs.

Word reached the Order of happenings in Perth and agents were sent immediately to ascertain the truth.  They were outraged at the insolence of the Brethren and their handling of the situation; an envoy was sent immediately to Astoria.  Tristan and his companions arrived in Astoria a bit later than expected, as they were traveling with Elaina and she rode a normal horse.  The Lady received them immediately and said, “Grant felt a great need to follow you to Perth and I felt that I must let him go.  It was a very good thing that he went, though he shall be dearly missed.  Elaina, I welcome you to Astoria and if it is your intention to take the Oath, then you may do so this very afternoon, else you must wait several months until another Oath-taking is held.”  
Elaina smiled and said, “my heart yearns for nothing else.  Let it be as you say.”  
The Lady smiled, “then welcome home my dear.  Though I fear you have chosen a dangerous time to join us.  The Order will not be happy with happenings in Perth and we shall soon be hearing about it.  We have always been uneasy acquaintances and now perhaps we shall truly become enemies.  You may soon find a price on your head, as may all my servants.”  
Elaina shook her head, “it is a risk we must all take.  Grant did not fear such things and neither do I.”  
The Lady smiled again, “you truly have a courageous heart child and we shall soon put that to use.”  They bowed themselves from her presence and made ready to attend the Oath-taking that afternoon.  Elaina was very shortly added to the ranks of the Brethren and finally found her heart’s desire.  
After such tumultuous adventures of late, the Lady felt that both Tristan and Turin needed some time in Astoria to rest and to give their grieving hearts time to heal.  Tristan kept busy teaching while Turin was put to work in all the duties expected of an apprentice residing in Astoria.  He was not keen on leading a patrol but there seemed no way around it, he could only do as he was told.  He sighed, it was much easier simply to let someone else make all the decisions and simply follow along.  Things were quite different when you were expected to lead others.  He laughed brightly, perhaps he had just learned the lesson they had intended from such an exercise.  
The six men set out from Astoria on their assigned circuit, eyes ever vigilant for anything strange.  About midday they came upon a very strange though not unexpected sight.  A dozen men of the Order, in full armor and uniform, rode steadily towards Astoria.  Turin rode forward to confront them.  Their captain spat, “out of my way boy, I have a message for your Lady.”  
Turin was not impressed, “you will either address me with proper respect or turn your mounts around and leave our borders.”  
The Captain laughed, “you have spirit.  We mean to speak with the Lady about recent happenings in Perth.  The High Council is not happy and demands justice.”  
Turin shook his head, “we shall escort you in but I cannot guarantee that you shall be happy with the Lady’s response.”  
The man smiled wryly, “it is not your job to guarantee any response from your leader.  It is your duty to obey her orders.  You are young and shall learn.  Let us go, time is wasting.”  Turin nodded and sent two of his men to continue with the patrol while the other four escorted the delegation to Astoria.
Turin drew rein in the great meadow surrounding the city and the others did the same.  He said, “have your men wait here, save for yourself and two others.  You must also surrender your weapons ere you are allowed to enter the castle.  Two of my men shall remain here with yours.”  
The Captain laughed to receive such orders from so young a man, “very well.  Lead on.”  
He and his two escorts followed Turin and his comrade into the city.  The knights received many curious stares from the people in the streets as such strange regalia was not often seen in Astoria.  They soon reached the castle gates and the knights surrendered their weapons to the guards and their horses to the servants.  A man was sent running to see when and if the Lady would see them.  He returned immediately and summoned them to the Lady’s chambers.  He then went running in search of Tristan.  Tristan was in the middle of teaching a class but set his students to reading and hastened to wait upon the Lady.  He understood the summons when he saw his apprentice escorting three knights of the Order.  They exchanged a grim smile as the servant announced them and they bowed themselves into her presence.  
The captain and his men actually managed a respectable bow.  The Lady smiled in approval and exchanged a smile with Tristan.  “You are come at last,” said the Lady to the Captain.  
“We were expected?” asked the confused man.  
The Lady smiled grimly, “it has been my experience with the Order that they seldom leave such matters unattended to.  I have been expecting just such a delegation since I received word of happenings in Perth.  Now what is your complaint?”
The captain said, “the complaint is not mine but that of the High Council.  They demand an explanation and justice for the murder of six of our men in Perth.”  
The Lady nodded, “and what happened there as they see it?”  
“You do not know the story?” asked the confused captain.  
The Lady smiled, “I know the true story, I do not know the story your superiors are passing about as the true tale.”  
The captain nodded and said, “six men were sent to oversee the peaceful passage of Calmar’s lordship to his chosen heir.  Some dispute arose about who this heir should be.  Our men died defending the rights of the lawful heir against the upstart the Brethren wished to impose upon Calmar in his stead.  We demand the heads of those responsible for this treachery and also a public apology for your vile dealings in affairs not your own.”  
The Lady barely kept a smile from her face and asked, “and what is your opinion of this story?”  
The captain looked nervous, “what do my feelings have to do with anything?  I am simply a messenger.”  
The Lady said, “your feelings matter a great deal as you will be the one to deliver the message to your masters and they will have a great influence on how that message is delivered.”  
The captain sighed and said, “I think it is not the whole truth.  I know that the Order has the unfortunate habit of twisting facts to meet their own ends.  What is the true tale?  Am I correct in understanding that the Brethren cannot tell a lie without violating their Oath?”  
The Lady nodded, “the story you shall hear is the full truth from those that were there.  Tristan?”
Tristan stepped forward and beckoned Turin to his side.  The boy stood nervously beside his mentor and faced the knights.  Tristan said, “I was asked personally by Lord Calmar to attend this peculiar event and give my advice as to who might make an appropriate heir.  He has had some unfortunate dealings with his two eldest sons and the youngest was terrified to be found guilty of the same sins, thus did he withdraw from his duties and rightful place; his father, doubting the boy’s abilities, then went in search of a new heir.  The boy’s sister and his eldest brother asked that I look into the matter and see if we could not change Lord Calmar’s mind if the boy was deserving of his title.  The boy was indeed worthy of claiming his due and only a misunderstanding kept him from his duties.  By that time Calmar had very nearly decided that one Lord Duncan should be his rightful heir.
The foul man used some vile sorcery to befuddle the old man’s mind and thus convinced Calmar to choose him as his successor.  I tried to speak to Calmar, as did his daughter, but he would not listen.  Duncan then plotted to kill the boy and make it appear a hunting accident.  In his party rode myself, my apprentice, the boy, Duncan, and six knights of the Order.  The man made his intentions known and your comrades were complicit with his plans.  I and my apprentice could not stand by and let the unthinkable happen, thus our lives were also deemed forfeit.  It was at this moment that one of my comrades, the elder brother of whom I spoke earlier, chose to intervene.  His unicorn was not cloaked as a normal horse and the sight drove the horses in our party mad with fright.
Your men were unhorsed and the boy was carried off by his panic-stricken mount.  Duncan pursued the boy afoot, leaving your men to deal with the three of us.  They would not back down and we were forced to defend ourselves.  Once your men were neutralized we then went in pursuit of the real villain.  My comrade and his unicorn were slain in the ensuing events, as was Duncan.  Calmar realized his mistake and the boy received his rightful title.  It is regrettable that all six of your comrades were slain but I had my duty to do in protecting the boy and they would have killed all of us had we let them.”  
The captain was astonished, “you speak truly, and this story fits the facts far better than that concocted by my masters.  It is we that owe you an apology, not the other way around.”  He glanced nervously at his two comrades and said, “and what do you think of these matters?”  
The one on the left looked startled, “it is not for me to think anything but that which I am ordered to think sir.”  
The one on the right said, “you would believe these fools over our own superiors?  I think that might be considered treason in certain quarters.”  
The captain shook his head sadly, “then I have no choice but to resign my commission.  I cannot serve with a good conscience any longer in this despicable force.  Lady, have you any need for a slightly used captain?”  His men stared at him as if he had lost his mind.  
The Lady smiled slightly and said, “captain, you are welcome to stay here as long as you wish and should you so decide, may join the Brethren.”  
The captain went to one knee and said, “Lady, I am yours.  You must now treat with my second.”  
The man on the right stepped forward and looked at his former captain in derision, “I do not know what foul spell you have cast upon my fellow but your vile magic will not work on me.  I take this fairy story to mean that you will not be apologizing or handing over the heads of those responsible?”  
The Lady nodded grimly, “Tristan, it is your head, do you wish to hand it over?”  
Tristan shook said head sadly, “I have done nothing to require such punishment and you have no right to demand it.  Besides, my head, along with the rest of me belongs to the Master and is under the Lady’s command.  I have no say in the matter.”  
The Second snarled, “I do not find this amusing.  Know that you have denied us justice and thus incurred our wrath.  Our response shall be swift.”  He and his fellow stormed from the room with a final withering glance at their former captain.  They retrieved their weapons and their mounts and made for their waiting comrades.  Upon seeing only two return when three had gone in, the waiting soldiers drew their swords and prepared for trouble.  The two attending Brethren put their hands to their own hilts in anticipation of disaster.  
“Where is the captain?” asked one of the anxious men.  
The Second snarled, “he has abandoned us and gone over to the Brethren.  They will not give us justice.  Let us be gone from this place.”  Turin and Tristan rode out to help escort the knights from Astoria’s borders.  The Second began concocting a plan but Tristan had already anticipated him.  At the borders the Second ordered, “out swords, we shall take justice for ourselves.”  Not wasting a moment, all four unicorns revealed their true forms thus throwing the ranks of the Order into chaos.  The four Brethren rode swiftly away and it was some time before the knights regained control of their mounts and could begin the long ride home.
The news they brought to their masters was not pleasing in the least and it was decided that something drastic must be done, even if it meant all out war with Astoria.  They must make an example of the Brethren lest others feel free to defy the Order as well.  A price was offered for the heads of the Brethren and many bounty hunters chose to take advantage of so profitable an offer.  It was also ordered that any ruler found dealing with the Brethren for any reason be dealt with severely.  The Lady was forced to order her servants into hiding lest they all be destroyed within a decade.  They still went about their duties but no longer openly proclaimed their allegiance.  The wrath of the Order eventually waned and the payout of the bounties ceased, but such was the fear of the nations and their people of being found in collusion with the Brethren, that the Brethren had to continue their secrecy if they were to interact with people at all.  They still continued in their ancient duties but the people knew not to whom their gratitude was owed.  The Brethren receded into legend and the Order soon found themselves and the Brethren oft confused.


Book III



Chapter 1

Man and beast alike seemed cloaked in the night as the man sat his horse atop the hill overlooking the twinkling lights in the sleepy village below.  Wondering what adventure he would find therein, the man guided his horse down the hill and towards the welcoming lights of the inn.  The inn was sparsely populated, save for the innkeeper, only three men occupied the entire common room.  Even with so small an audience, perhaps he would get a reaction.  He was swathed head to toe in dark robes and this alone was enough to draw attention.  When he thrust the point of a cruel dagger into the countertop and demanded to know the location of its owner, complete silence engulfed the room and every eye turned to the stranger.  The pair of shabby men sharing a table near the back laughed derisively and returned to their quiet conversation.  The plainly dressed man sitting alone off to one side smiled in amusement and shook his head, but motioned for the stranger to join him.  
"Off hunting bandits?" asked the man as the stranger sat down, "That is dangerous business for one alone.  Where did you come by that knife and why do you seek its former owner?"  
The stranger said, "I hunt them alone because I must.  They slew two of Lord Toma's guards and stole five of his horses.  My father was one of the guards and my mother and I now have no income, thus I go hunting them both for revenge and for the rich reward that has been placed on their heads."  
The man shook his head, "both are poor reasons to risk your life.  Can you not find some other work than that of a bounty hunter?  Would it honor your father's memory to get yourself killed trying to avenge him?  Do you wish your mother to mourn both a son and a husband?"  
"How do you know I cannot avenge him?" asked the boy defensively, "Does not fate smile upon the fatherless and are not many heroes made from such tragic histories?"  
The man shook his head, "you sound young, and thus are probably not as experienced as these hardened criminals with the sword.  You are also greatly outnumbered.  I would not trust in myth, chance, luck, fate, or old stories to protect you.  Let those with more experience and more numerous allies seek justice in your stead.  Return to your mother that she not have more reason to weep."  The boy pulled his sword and held it at the man's throat.  He did not flinch but said, "would you also add murder to this tragedy?  Sheath your blade and let us talk, I do not speak to insult your honor or that of your family but to save your life.  These are not witless fools but ruthless killers that have left a trail of blood halfway across Arca!  The bounty on their heads is so great because no one has faced them and lived to tell the tale.  What chance does one boy alone stand?"  
 As the man spoke, the heavily cloaked boy put his weapon away and sat down heavily, "I fear you are right but how come you to know so much about these bandits?"  
The man laughed grimly, "I and my fellows have been tracking them for many days."  
"Why do you seek them if not for revenge or profit?" asked the boy.  
The man said, "we seek to end their reign of terror upon the unsuspecting populace and see that justice is done."  
"That is a noble reason I suppose," laughed a new voice, "but it does little to pay the bills or fill the stomach.  If you are a bounty hunter you are perhaps the first I ever met not spurred on by necessity or greed."  The man glanced up to see that two new strangers had entered the common room.  The two shabby men at the other table had lapsed into silence and watched the new arrivals cautiously.  
"And who might you be?" asked the man.
The first of the strangers said, "who we are matters not but that we have common purpose perhaps does.  You also seek these villains?"  
The seated man nodded, "I and my friends seek to put an end to their banditry."  
The first stranger nodded, "and if we assist you, what portion of the bounty will you give us?"  
The man laughed, "we seek no bounty.  If I accept your aid you may take it or leave it as you will.  Such things are not of concern to us.  Why do you wish to join us in this effort?"  
The stranger laughed, "we are true bounty hunters, unlike the boy here, and all such endeavors sometimes prove profitable.  Unlike the boy, we are not suicidal and a skilled ally in this quest may prove useful.  What is a bounty if one does not live to collect it?  We will happily accept your share if you do not claim it.  Will you have us?"  
The man looked thoughtful and said, "I will have to discuss it with my colleagues but I do not see why we might not cooperate and benefit from an extra sword or three."  
"What about me?" demanded the boy, "If they come, so will I.”  
The man looked pointedly at the boy and said, "we will decide if you can come along, not you.  When my friends arrive then we shall discuss this further."  As if summoned, a man and a woman walked into the inn and out of the night.  They quickly surveyed the inn and noted the two shabby men and the strange gathering around their comrade.  
The pair walked over to the by now crowded table and the woman asked, "who are your friends, Turin?"  
 Turin laughed, "we have some volunteers to help us put an end to the bandits.  Apparently half the world wishes to share in the bounty.  I think a few extra swords might be useful but I do not know if the boy should come.  He may be more a liability than a help."  
"I know my way with a sword," sulked the boy.  
"That may very well be, but I do not know if I am willing to risk my life upon it," said the woman, "sometimes no sword is better than an untrained sword."  
"Why then is a lady allowed to go and the boy must stay?" asked the second bounty hunter, "Should she not be spared such violence and death?"  
The woman laughed dangerously and her two male companions shared a knowing smile, "you think to keep me from my duty just because I am a woman?"  
The bounty hunter replied, "I did not think it proper for a lady to be exposed to such things.  This is a man's duty.  No true gentleman would allow it.  If you have no man to protect you then perhaps after this affair is settled I could be your faithful sword?"  
She shook her head, "first you deny me my duty and then wish to do it in my stead?  Curious logic yet I need no man to defend me, though my husband shall certainly do that should it become necessary."  
The bounty hunter looked taken aback, "what type of man lets his wife loose on such an adventure and is too cowardly to defend her himself?"  
The woman laughed, "you must take up the matter with him.  Denal?"  The man who had come in with her said, "Elaina is right, she will not be barred from this adventure.  She is not content to go about telling stories or to immerse herself in lore.  She has chosen a life of adventure and as such, shall do as her duty demands.  I think only a fool would stand between her and it."  
The bounty hunter laughed, "I hope I am no such fool.  My apologies to you both."
Turin interrupted, "what have you learned of our quarry?"  
Denal said, "there are at least ten of the bandits in a camp not far from here.  Four stand watch and two were sent off to spy upon the locals for likely targets or pursuit."  
"How do you know this?" asked the first bounty hunter.  
Elaina said, "we have a man within the band of renegades and he has passed the information on to us.  That is the errand from which we have just returned."  The squeaking of a floorboard as the two ragged men tried to sneak from the inn brought every eye upon the fleeing pair.  Every sword was out and the men retreated from the door quickly and made no move towards their own weapons.  
"What is the meaning of this?" snarled one of the two.  
"Sneaking off to warn your bandit friends?" asked Turin simply.  
"We have nothing to do with them," sneered the second man.  
"He lies," said Elaina, "tell me the truth, are you associated with these villains?"  
The anxious men looked at their captors and finally one said, "how did you know?"  
Elaina laughed, "let us just say it was a hunch.  I would not bother lying, as we will find you out."  For some reason both men knew she spoke truly.  
"Well, it seems at least part of your information is correct," said one of the bounty hunters, "are there any more of your ilk sneaking about?"  
The men shook their heads, "we alone are abroad."  
"How many are in your party?" asked Turin.  
One of the bandits scowled, "eleven if you count the traitor.  He will be dealt with, as will all of you.  You have no right to trifle with us.  Let us go or you will be sorry."  
Turin shook his head, "you at least will stand trial.  We will see what comes of your charming colleagues."  They bound the men and locked them in a pleasantly dusty and long unused wine cellar to await justice.
 "If the lady is going, so shall I," said the boy, "I will not get any of you killed and my blood shall be on my own head."  
"I do not like it," said Turin.  
"Nor I," said Denal, "perhaps we should throw him in the cellar with the bandits?"  
The boy looked defiant and Elaina of all people spoke up in his defense, "I think he should have a part in this adventure.  At least his presence will give us the look of even numbers."  The boy looked surprised but grateful.  
The others nodded reluctantly as Turin said, "very well, but he must obey orders immediately and without question or I will have nothing to do with him."  The boy nodded eagerly.  
"What of this friend of yours within the bandit camp?" said the first bounty hunter, "I almost hope to take him along with the rest of them.  Is he not guilty by association?  Besides, another head means a higher bounty."  
Turin looked grim, "he risks his life to provide us with vital information and you would take his head for a few coins?  If you come with us you agree to treat him as an ally or you can stay here with our friends in the closet."  The man looked annoyed but nodded reluctantly.  Turin eyed the other man and the boy and both nodded their agreement.  
"Good," said Denal, "the final piece of news we have is that the Order has a patrol in the area and I think they mean to make their own assault upon these bandits.  We need to strike soon if we are to spare Tristan that fate."  The others nodded and quickly went to fetch their horses.  
 
They rode quickly towards the bandit camp and then left their horses to approach the camp as silently as they could afoot.  They had a vague notion of where the camp was and an idea of what a certain proportion of the men were doing at any given time, whether standing watch or sleeping.  They did not know much more and thus making anything more than the vaguest of plans would avail them little.  They split up and surrounded the camp, hoping to encounter and silently disable the sentries without alerting the sleeping bandits to their fate.  Turin crept quietly through the darkened wood, the full moon threw the world into stark patterns of light and shadow.  He crept towards what he thought was a guard leaning heavily against a tree.  He caught the man by surprise but the man was not slow in responding to the attack; the sound of steel clashing against steel rang through the hitherto silent woods.  With their surprise gone, the others abandoned their stealth and turned to a much more proactive assault.  The camp was roused and soon the wood was astir with the sound and swirl of battle and death.  
Tristan had been set to watch when the assault began and had wisely chosen to lay low until the battle began.  An awkward movement off to one side of his hiding spot drew his attention as a youth with a blade fell upon him.  It was a simple task to turn the boy's blade.  Tristan laughed, "who are you?  I am certainly not your enemy.  Turin has found himself an odd ally, but come, there are plenty of other fiends abroad."  The boy gaped for a moment but recovered quickly and followed his new comrade into the deadly chaos.  
 One of the bounty hunters fell to the ground clutching an arm, waiting for the bandit king to strike the final blow.  But before the blade could find its mark, Tristan was between the bandit and his prey.  "What are you doing fool?" scoffed the bandit, "This wretch is mine!"  
Tristan laughed, "his life belongs to none but the Master.  Stand down and we may be merciful."  
"Bah!" laughed the bandit, "I want none of your mercy.  So you are a traitor to me and mine?  I always thought there was something a little odd about you, and to think I thought you a coward or perhaps squeamish?  The headsman or the quarries is no choice, I would rather face a swift death in battle."  
Tristan nodded grimly, "then let us end it.  I tire of this charade."  
The bandit laughed, "it will be a pleasure to show you the true might of a warrior of my experience; a mere boy like you cannot last long against a man of my skill."  
Tristan laughed, "I am more than twice your age, do not lecture me on experience."  They whirled about, each man expertly exchanging attacks and blocking those of his foe.  But it was experience that won the day as Tristan stared down sadly at his fallen foe.  He never liked killing, even when it was necessary.  By now the others had finished their own work and had gathered to watch the final duel with the bandit king.  
The wounded bounty hunter was their only casualty and he laughed, saying to Turin, "I am glad you made us promise to spare your friend here.  I would not last long in a fight with a warrior of his caliber."  
Tristan laughed, "perhaps when you have had seventy years of experience with a sword you will be just as good?"  The man gaped, thinking Tristan mad.  Tristan turned to Turin, "who are your friends?"  
Turin smiled, "it seems everyone and their mule is out hunting these bandits.  Two are bounty hunters and the boy seeks revenge, among other things."  
"And we seek glory!" said a new voice.
 All turned with drawn weapons to face six knights of the Order who had snuck into the camp.  
"You have deprived us of our quarry," sneered the captain, "and the Order does not look happily upon vigilantes or bounty hunters.  Tell me one good reason why I should not dispatch you all as you have done to these bandits?"  
Tristan sheathed his blade, "we are not vigilantes, at least I and my three friends are not.  We seek only justice for those wronged by these villains and to protect the innocents that they might threaten in future."  
"Justice!" sneered the captain, "Justice is dealt out by the Order and the Order alone.  What right have you in such matters?"  
Tristan stood his ground saying, "the justice of the Order is often a fickle and self-serving thing.  The Brethren have ever been objective and fair in administering justice in all lands.  We have been given this task by none other than the Master Himself, and that from the very beginning of time."  
"The Brethren?" said the captain, "Now you claim allegiance to a myth?  You have no right to administer justice in lands under our sway."  
Tristan laughed, "and when has Arca joined forces with Panmycea?"  
The captain sneered, "all lands are within our jurisdiction.  You still have not given me a good reason to spare your lives."  
Turin broke in, "we have broken no laws here, save perhaps some obscure rules of your own making.  We have a common goal, if not a common reason.  That goal has been accomplished.  Let the bounty hunters take the reward, let the Order take the glory and credit, and let us be content seeing that justice was done."  
The captain gaped, "we can take the credit of disposing of these bandits?  What gain is that to you?"  
Tristan smiled, "we only seek justice.  We care nothing for temporal glory or reward.  All that matters to us is that the Master's will be done."  
The captain laughed coldly, "you are a peculiar people, but I am content to receive the glory without doing the work or risking myself or my men."  
Denal shook his head, "one thing is certain, the Order has not changed in purpose or honor in the last half century."
The captain scowled at the man, "and how would you know?  You are no doddering old man."
Denal said simply, "I was a captain in the Order before you were born.  Time does not touch the Brethren as heavily as it does other men.  I am thrice your age at least.  I left the Order for the very reasons you have proved to me again this night.  I wanted to serve justice and found nothing but selfishness, pride, and greed.  I abandoned such things for a much higher calling and would not trade it for anything."  
 The captain scowled at Denal and said, "with such an attitude as yours I do not think it a bad thing that you left the Order.  Do not insult me further or you shall regret it."  He motioned to his men and they disappeared as suddenly as they had come.  
After they vanished, one of the bounty hunters said, "we shall be off to collect our reward from our various patrons.  Are you sure you will not take your share?"  The Brethren shook their heads as the bounty hunters shared an amused glance, these were skilled warriors but clueless as to the truly important things in life.  They made their brief farewells and vanished into the woods.  
The boy said to the four remaining Brethren, "I do not think the life of a bounty hunter is what I was made for.  I would like to come with you and learn the sword if you would have me?"  
Turin smiled gently, "we can teach you the sword and much else in Astoria if you wish to ride with us.  It is a far wiser choice than your original intentions."  
The boy smiled but then his face fell, "but I cannot abandon my widowed mother to starve alone."  
Turin said, "bring her along.  I am sure we can find her something to do."  
The boy looked anxious, "I could not bear to see her worked to death in the kitchens or the fields."  
Tristan laughed, "if we care about the fates of these bandits and want justice for them as much as for their victims, I do not think you need worry about how we treat our servants.  In Astoria all are expected to work hard and do their best but it is not a difficult or cruel life.  Many come for hope of a better future."  
The boy smiled and said, "then we shall join you.  The only difficult task shall be convincing my mother to leave our home."  The boy ran swiftly home and though his mother was reluctant to leave a place so rich in memory, the promise of a better future drew her forth with a hopeful heart.  But mostly it was the gratitude she felt towards these strangers in saving her son's life.  They rode back to Astoria and told the Lady of events in Arca.  The boy gladly became a student and his mother happily accepted a position in the kitchens and found the work to her liking.  
 
Things had turned out quite strangely in Arca, but as everyone went home happy and safe, Elaina assumed that meant it was a success.  At least the bandits had been dealt with and no longer terrorized the world.  The men from the Order did not go home as happy as Elaina hoped.  Captain Roth could not dismiss the strange words of the man who claimed to serve the Order fifty years ago, nor could he make any sense of what these so-called Brethren had spoken of.  He was determined to learn more of these peculiar tidings, if only to find peace within his own mind.
His men did not seem overly concerned, their mission had been a success, if in an odd way, and that was all that mattered in the end.  The Order it seemed, did not attract the most thoughtful people in the world; often it appealed to those only interested in gaining glory for themselves, or at least a decent living.  They rode home and none knew that the Captain's mind was anxious as a mouse in a bucket.  Finally, they reached Panmycea; Captain Roth made his report, making it sound as though they had vanquished the bandits themselves, leaving the messy details to the bounty hunters and local authorities.  
"Very good," said the aging colonel before him, "you and your men will receive your new orders shortly and until then may use the time to rest from your recent mission."  The colonel took it for granted that the man would leave immediately and blinked in surprise to see that the Captain still stood before him, "yes, Captain?"  
Roth said, "sir, I was very disturbed by some things mentioned by these bounty hunters and vigilantes.  One claimed that he had been a captain with the Order and resigned some fifty years ago yet in age he appeared no older than thirty five.  Several of them also claimed allegiance to a group they called the Brethren and claimed they had an ancient right to go about enforcing justice as they saw fit."  
 The colonel smiled thoughtfully as the years fell away and memory came crashing back.  He said, "the Brethren?  When I was a new recruit fifty years ago, there was some little trouble in Perth and six of our men were killed, purportedly by the Brethren.  The Order paid a bounty for anyone claiming that allegiance and more than a dozen individuals were apprehended over the course of a year or two.  Eventually the wrath of the Order subsided and they ceased paying out the reward, but it was enough to drive these Brethren underground.  I thought them perhaps extinct.  They are a strange but I think honorable people, though the Order handled matters poorly, but that is just between you and I, understood?"  The captain took the hint and nodded vigorously.  
"Good," continued the old man, "perhaps it is time we sent an envoy to look into the Brethren once more.  Most have forgotten them, thought them extinct, or even a legend.  We should know the truth of the matter.  As for your immortal captain, I remember hearing of several such officers that disappeared in those years.  Go to the library and see what you can discover.  Then ride to Astoria and see what you can learn of these Brethren."  
The captain bowed and went straight to the library and began digging through the records and journals kept by various officers during the specified years.  It seemed that three captains had disappeared or resigned within a short period of time, which was odd because once one had attained rank in the Order one did not easily forsake it.  One Captain Firth resigned his commission on seeming moral grounds and rode away, never to be seen again.  A Captain Marwin also disappeared after being stripped of rank for disciplinary reasons; it was thought he had deserted the Order in shame.  The last man was one Captain Denal, who had been sent as an envoy to Astoria regarding the events in Perth; he never came back.  His Second assumed command of the unit and rode straight home.  It seemed that three went into the city but only two came out.
 Curious as to the man's fate, Roth found the Second's journal and searched for the appropriate date.  The journal indicated that a sort of madness had fallen upon the captain and he chose to remain in Astoria though he never officially resigned from the Order.  Roth searched through the personnel files and found the man declared a deserter and a warrant outstanding for his arrest.  He then searched through the files and found the file on the Second.  Perhaps the man still lived.  Roth donned his cloak and hurried from the library to see if he could discover if this Zane yet lived and if so, would he be willing to take another journey?  It took some time and no little money to locate the man, but he lived still.  Roth knocked upon the door of the decrepit hovel and a shaky old man with a wheezy voice answered.  
He glanced at Roth's uniform in disdain and said, "the Order has ignored me since I grew too old and frail to be of use; a fine reward for forty years of service!  What do you want?"  
Roth said, "fifty years ago you were second in command to Captain Denal on a mission to Astoria?"  
The man nodded, "those were strange days.  Why are you asking?"  
"I just returned from a mission to destroy a gang of bandits," said Roth, "the bandits were overcome but not by us.  A group calling themselves the Brethren was responsible, and one claimed to have been a captain with the Order fifty years ago.  I did some digging and your name came up.  The man in question is one of three possible men and I am hoping you can help me identify him."  
The old man gaped and then laughed, nearly choking as he did so, "the man must be as old as me!  What interest can he possibly be to you or the Order?"  
Roth said quietly, "he appeared no older than myself."  
Zane said, "then he is either a liar or something very strange is going on.  I shall come with you.  Dying here alone is no fun so I shall see if I cannot do it on one final journey.  When do we leave?"
 It was far more difficult traveling with a carriage than on horseback, but the old man was in no shape for such a journey aback a horse.  He was in no condition for such a journey even in a carriage.  Roth and the five men under his command rode escort and eventually they reached Astoria.  He wondered what uncanny things they might see or learn in such a legendary place.  As expected, they encountered a patrol that escorted them to the outskirts of the sizable city.  The coach and two riders were allowed to enter the city while the other four remained outside.  Their progress through the crowded streets was minimal but finally they reached the castle.  A servant waited to escort them to the Lady after they had abandoned their weapons and horses to the care of others.  One of the men from the patrol served as an escort while the other went running deeper into the castle.  Zane looked strangely at the retreating figure.  
Roth said, "you know him?"  
Zane shrugged, "my eyes are not what they once were but that man could be what a boy I encountered on my previous visit grew into.  Though he should be nearly seventy I would think."  The warrior accompanying them smiled in amusement but they did not notice.  They continued on in silence.  They entered a formal audience chamber, the servant announced them, and they made their minimal courtesies.  An old but regal woman sat before them and said, "it has been long since the Order has come to Astoria.  How can we be of service?"
 The old man goggled, "you have not changed a bit!"  
The Lady wrinkled her brow, "have we met?"  
The old man laughed, "fifty years ago."  
The Lady nodded, "perhaps I have acquired a few more wrinkles but such a span of time would not change me all that much, though I think it has not been so gentle with you.  You were perhaps here on that regrettable occasion that eventually cost fifteen of my servants their lives and forced us to go about our ancient duties in secret?"  
The man looked flummoxed but said, "I was with Captain Denal, if that is the day in question?"  
The Lady nodded, "so what brings you again to my door?  I do not believe the Order has sent you to apologize."  
Roth shook his head, "I was recently in Arca and encountered a group of individuals claiming to be under your command.  One specifically said he had formerly been an officer with the Order.  The Order wishes to see what has come of the Brethren and if they still exist.  I am also here to identify the former captain if I may.  Depending on his identity, the manner in which he left the Order may have been inappropriate and thus requires punitive measures."  
The Lady sighed, "why is the Order ever meddling in our concerns?"  
Roth drew himself up proudly, "the Order does not meddle, it makes sure that justice is dispensed to one and all, small and great alike."  
The Lady smiled wryly, "you have a curious sense of justice but I shall humor you, though I make no promises about handing my servants over to the Order."  She motioned to a servant and he opened the door and admitted those waiting the Lady's pleasure.
 Three men and a woman entered and bowed deeply to the Lady.  Zane gasped, "it is captain Denal and he has not aged a day!"  Denal narrowed his eyes and looked hard at the old man but did not recognize him.  
"Who are you?" asked Denal.  
The Lady said, "this man claims to have accompanied you fifty years ago when first you came to Astoria."  
"Zane?" said the surprised Denal, "What brings you here?"  
"So you are the former captain Denal?" asked Roth, "Do you know you are a wanted man?"  
Denal looked stunned, "wanted for what?  You cannot say we treated you unfairly concerning the bandits?"  
Roth smiled grimly, "you are wanted for desertion, though the warrant is fifty years old."  
"What?" asked Denal, "I resigned, I did not desert!"  
He looked significantly at Zane, "or did you fail to deliver my message to the Order?"  
Zane shrugged, "it was an eventful day and perhaps I forgot a few things."  
Roth smiled hopefully, "I am sure this little misunderstanding will be overlooked by the Order if you willingly resume your commission."  
Denal laughed, "what part of resignation do you not understand?  I am long finished with the Order, why can they not be finished with me?"  
Zane said sourly, "they are not finished with you until you are no longer useful."  
Roth said coldly, "if you will not come willingly then I will have to arrest you.  The warrant is old but still valid."  
"It was a miscommunication!" said Denal, "Besides, what will the Order want with an old man?"  Zane looked insulted.  
Roth said, "an old man?  You seem in the bloom of health and I am sure if we can learn the secret to your amazing youth we will all profit.  Will you come willingly?"
 Denal shook his head, "I cannot rejoin the Order without abandoning the Brethren which means I must either revoke or break my Oath.  If that happens you will suddenly find me an old man in no better shape than Zane."  
Roth looked surprised, "is this true?"  
The Lady nodded, "he speaks truly.  The Brethren are blessed with an extended lifespan as long as they remain true to their Oath, but should we revoke or violate it we resume our natural age, which may mean sudden death should our years exceed a normal lifespan.  I am nearly two hundred and fifty years old and the oldest among us sometimes reach three hundred years, though few live long enough in service to the Brethren to accomplish such a feat.  It is a dangerous life.  I will not allow Denal to be taken into your custody for such a pitiful reason."  The two strangers gaped in amazement.  
Roth said, "we shall discuss that situation further at a later time.  I am also sent to learn more of you and your people.  Will you allow me to carry out that aspect of my orders?"  
The Lady nodded, "you and your men may make yourselves at home as long as you do not cause trouble.  We shall speak on this further but my answer will be the same.  Denal, Tristan, and Turin will attend you while you remain with us.  They shall be happy to answer any questions you might have."  The three named Brethren looked surprised but bowed in submission.  Roth and Zane followed their surprised hosts from the Lady's presence.  Elaina bid her husband a quiet farewell and disappeared on errands of her own.
 
Elaina found her friend Arora just finishing a music lesson with several students.  After the last student left the room, the two women walked side by side down a lonely corridor.  "The Order has returned to Astoria," said Elaina conversationally.  
Arora looked surprised, "and what business do they have here?"  
Elaina laughed, "they are curious about us I suppose, as we have not had dealings with them in half a century.  They also wish to arrest Denal for desertion."
"What!" said Arora in surprise, "That is absolute nonsense."
"I agree," said Elaina, "and that is why I can take it so lightly.  Denal has the unenviable task of escorting the Knights of the Order around while they remain in Astoria.  As do Tristan and Turin.  Speaking of Tristan, have you thought more on what I have said?"  
Arora did not know whether to scowl or laugh, "Elaina, I am not interested in men right now.  You may think him a fine man, but I am not interested in pursuing such a relationship, currently or ever!"  
"What is wrong with him?" asked Elaina teasingly.  
Arora sighed, "for one thing he is verging on ninety and I am only thirty five.  Another thing is that he is a Messenger and they tend to have rather short lives.  I do not want to give my heart to someone and then suddenly find myself once again alone.  He is also one of the Lady's greatest servants and I would never dream of approaching such a man."  
Elaina laughed, "what are sixty years to us?  Yes the Messengers tend to have much shorter lifespans due to our more dangerous missions but that has not stopped Denal and myself.  Besides, he has survived this long so I think he may be skilled enough to last a few more years.  What is this nonsense about you not being good enough for him?  You should know by now that pride is not considered a virtue among the Brethren.  He is very approachable and even deigns to speak with the likes of me."  She laughed.  Arora looked stubborn.  Elaina said, "very well, I shall quit pressing you but I shall not quit hoping.  One cannot force these things."  
Arora said, "have you or Denal approached Tristan on this subject?"  
Elaina laughed, "of course not, you cannot mention such things to a man lest he grow skittish and ruin everything, thus I am forced to coerce you."  The two women laughed and continued their conversation with a less controversial subject.
 
"What of my men?" asked Roth of Tristan.  
Tristan said, "they should probably billet themselves at one of the inns in the city.  You and Zane will be given quarters in the castle."  Roth nodded and sent his Second to carry out Tristan's suggestion.  
The men were escorted to their room and Roth asked Denal to join them for a time.  There was much he wished to know.  Denal looked to his two friends, they nodded, shared an amused smile and excused themselves.  When they were alone, Roth asked Denal, "why did you leave the Order so suddenly?"  
Denal took a chair and said, "because I suddenly realized the purpose to which I had dedicated my life was all a lie.  I wanted to champion the cause of justice but true justice is not found in the Order.  I turned a blind eye and ignored most of the little injustices I encountered on a daily basis, but after events in Perth I finally realized how much of a disgrace the Order had become.  I do not regret my decision in the least."  
Roth was surprised, "and yet you feel the justice served by these Brethren is true justice?"  
Denal smiled, "I know you do not understand and I do not expect you to.  Here I have found truth, justice, and purpose among many other things."  
"How do you know the Brethren spoke the truth of happenings in Perth?" asked Zane, "That day you seemed willing to believe them over the Order's own tale."  
Denal laughed, "I knew they told the truth while the Order's version of things sounded very fishy.  I now know that the Brethren cannot openly lie without breaking Oath.  I am also married to the sister of the boy who was nearly murdered by a villainous Lord and six rogue Knights of the Order.  Thus I am very convinced of their veracity in this matter."  Roth was still skeptical but he could not deny Zane's assertions that he was indeed the infamous Captain Denal.  It was all very strange, too strange perhaps.
 

Chapter 2

Captain Roth spent several days in Astoria learning what he could of these so-called Brethren but soon tired of them, as there seemed nothing particularly sinister about them though they were terribly misguided.  He thought that perhaps if they came over to the Order they would finally get their bearings straight and become the warriors he knew they could be.  He saw much talent but it was put to ill use and thus they were not fulfilling their potential.  Zane's health seemed to be failing and Roth grew weary of the Brethren, thus they decided to leave at once.  Zane felt he would not recover and did not wish to die in a strange land, better to die upon the road than in a foreign country.
Roth requested and was granted an audience with the Lady.  He bowed politely and said, "Lady, it is time for us to leave and I must again ask that I be allowed to take Denal into custody.  Desertion is a grave crime to the Order and will not be tolerated.  If it was simply a clerical error then I am sure things will be cleared up swiftly and the man allowed to go about his business."  
The Lady looked truly grieved but said, "Denal has actually requested permission to accompany you to clear up this messy business.  I would deny him but his reasoning is sound, and I know in my heart this thing must be done though it grieves me sorely.  Know that it is not because we fear the Order or their reprisals that we do this but that the people of Panmycea must be reached."  
Roth did not know what that last bit meant but was pleased to have his request granted; it did not matter how it was achieved.  He bowed and said, "we leave at once."  They left her presence and the Lady sadly watched them go.  She knew how things would end even if the Captain did not.
 Denal and Elaina were waiting for Roth and Zane in the courtyard.  Roth eyed the woman, "she need not come."  
Elaina smiled grimly, "I follow my husband to whatever end.  If I must remain, so will he."  Roth shrugged and they set off.  They stopped briefly to collect his men and then said a final farewell to Astoria.  The two Brethren looked back as they rode, knowing that it might be the last time they looked upon the city that had been their home for so many years.  
Denal thought back to the conversation he had just had with the Lady.  She seemed to know what he had come to ask even before he entered her presence.  She had said, "I know what you have come to ask and I would deny you if I did not know it must be done.  You are willing to take such a risk?"  
Denal nodded and said, "Lady, I do not wish to return but I know if I do not go no one will and there is no place in more need of our message than Panmycea.  I care not for the Order's writ and laws, but the people must be reached and if it cost me my life, I will yet stand witness."  
The Lady nodded grimly and looked to Elaina, who stood beside her husband, "and you?"  
Elaina replied, "I shall go with my husband if you allow it?"  
The Lady nodded sadly, "then may the Master ride with you both.  My heart fears that we shall not meet again this side of eternity.  It has been an honor to serve with you both."  
The pair bowed deeply and Denal said, "the honor has been mine.  Farewell."
They had left her presence sadly but not without hope, soon determination took the place of grief and they did not look back with regret.  The men of the Order kept to themselves and the quickly failing Zane seemed more and more interested in the Brethren as his health grew worse.  He listened with interest to their tales and to the Truth and finally he found peace with himself and the Master.  His only regret was not having come to such an epiphany earlier in life.  A day later they buried him somewhere along the road.  
The rest of the trip was not very exciting and the Brethren were left to themselves, as the Knights of the Order seemed to think they carried with them some sort of plague, if only of a metaphysical sort.  Finally they reached Panmycea.  They stopped at the gates and the Brethren dismounted; they would not allow the unicorns to enter the city.  They knew what it was their masters faced and wanted to face it with them, but their masters would not allow it.  
It was a grievous parting on both sides and Roth seemed particularly angry, "you cannot simply let those animals run loose!  They are the rightful property of the Order until you have been cleared of all charges."  
Denal smiled grimly, "then you had best go and catch them."  The creatures turned swiftly and disappeared into the surrounding woods, never to be seen in that country again.
 Roth was furious but could do little about it.  The Brethren continued into the city on foot and made as good of time as their mounted escorts through the crowded streets.  Roth escorted them into the very heart of the Citadel and a guard was sent running with the message.  Such a matter would require the attention of the High Council.  The guard returned and said Colonel Rumpkin would see them.  The aging Colonel that had sent Roth on his journey to Astoria sat in his little library seeming to gaze blankly, if reverently, into space.  He started when Roth entered with his strange companions.  The old man said, "so you have returned?  That is good.  What have you brought me?"  
Roth bowed and said, "you will find a full report on these Brethren you sent me to investigate.  I have also returned with a man wanted for desertion."  
The Colonel looked surprised, "I was not aware that we had any outstanding warrants."  
Roth smiled coldly, "this one was issued fifty years ago."  
The Colonel looked stunned, "neither of these persons look old enough for such a claim.  How can this be?"  
Denal bowed politely and said, "I served with the Order some fifty years ago but chose to resign for personal reasons.  Apparently the message never reached the Order thus I was declared a deserter.  One of the reasons I have come back to Panmycea is to clear up this little matter."  
The Colonel asked, "and what is the other reason?"  
Denal said, "your people are in desperate need of the Master and I have come to address that lack."  
The colonel laughed, "you have spirit.  We will hear your case on the morrow.  As you came willingly I see no reason why you must spend the night in the dungeons.  A guarded room shall be sufficient."  
They bowed themselves out and Roth escorted them to their quarters for the evening.  Before he left them in the capable hands of one of his men he said, "I would have left you in the dungeons."  The Brethren exchanged startled looks but said nothing.  What did the man have against them?
The morning came and their guard summoned Denal, but Elaina would not be left behind.  The guard shrugged and led them to the chamber wherein the High Council awaited them.  After the formalities beginning such a trial were completed, the Master of the High Council stood forth and said, "Captain Denal you are hereby accused of deserting the Order, how do you plead?"  
Denal stood and said, "I plead not guilty sir, on account that I tried to resign and the message was not passed along.  The warrant is also fifty years old."  
One of the Councilors stood and said, "it matters not how old the warrant is, it is still valid.  Such a crime is of the utmost concern and will be punished severely, else all order may break down and people will feel free to desert whenever they feel like it.  Did you not submit your resignation in writing?"  
Denal shook his head, "no sir, it was verbal only and left in the care of my Second, one called Zane."  
The Councilor asked, "can this Zane offer a testimony?"  
Denal shook his head, "no sir, he recently passed away, however Captain Roth was there to witness an exchange between us that pertained to the matter."  
"Captain Roth?" said the councilor.  
Roth stood and said, "sir, I witnessed a brief conversation between the two upon the matter but Zane was old and his mind addled.  I do not know what to think."  
The Councilor said, "it is clear that your resignation was not directed through proper channels which is almost as bad as desertion.  There are few things more dire to a bureaucracy than improper paperwork!  At the least we can find you guilty of dire neglect.  The other concern we have is that during the ensuing years you have been knowingly associating with a group whose motives are not completely clear and who from time to time have incurred the wrath of the Order.  If you will resign your allegiance to these so-called Brethren and resume your commission with the Order we shall drop all charges but if you persist in your stubbornness I fear we must make an example, no matter how unjustified.  We cannot have officers simply abandoning their posts to join up with our enemies, especially if they fail to file the proper papers!  It would be chaos.  What is your decision?"  
 Denal said, "I will not change my mind and there is no threat or torture that can bring me to such a decision.  I will face whatever punishment you mete out no matter how unjust."  
The Councilor smiled grimly, "and how do you know that we will not be just?"  
Denal smiled grimly, "it was a lack of justice on the part of the Order that caused me to leave in the first place and I do not think things have improved in the last half century."  
The Councilor did not look happy but said, "then we shall recess and decide your fate."  There was little discussion and few objections among the members of the High Council.  It mattered not that the man was most likely innocent; rumor had already spread among the common soldiers and an example must be made.  They were not inclined to be lenient with a man who insulted them and rejected their offer of mercy, not to mention one who fraternized with their perennial enemies.  
They returned to the room and the Master of the High Council said, "as you are unwilling to accept our offer of amnesty and cannot prove your innocence in the matter of desertion, we hereby find you guilty as charged.  The punishment for such a grievous act is to be burnt alive.  You may have a moment to reconsider, if you wish?"  Elaina gasped but Denal firmly shook his head.  The Master of the High Council then said, "so be it, your blood is on your own head.  The sentence shall be carried out immediately and publically, that an example might be made for others.  The woman is guilty by association but will be spared if she leaves now and promises never to return to her former allies.  Else she will share your fate."  The man looked significantly at Elaina but she only stared at him with grim determination.  The Master of the High Council said, "then so be it!"  
Guards immediately entered the private room and led the two to the public square in the center of the city where the sentence would be carried out.  To himself, the Master of the High Council mused, "they are either very foolish or very dedicated to their cause, and I do not think their intelligence is lacking.  I wish our own soldiers showed such fortitude."  
Roth accompanied the doomed pair, curious to see how they would face their end.  It was one thing to spout drivel and cling to it desperately, it was quite another to willingly face death for a cause.  The pair was secured back to back to a tall wooden pole and dry wood was heaped around their feet.  A curious crowd gathered to watch the affair with morbid curiosity.  It was long since such a spectacle had been seen.  Such a severe punishment was reserved almost solely for desertion and served as a very effective means of preventing such an offense.  Facing the headsman was a far easier fate and deserters were not thought worthy of such a mercy.  Roth held a torch in one hand, ready to light the terminal blaze.  
He announced to the crowd, "these two stand guilty of the crime of desertion and of fraternizing with those opposed to the Order.  According to tradition you may have a few last words.  Choose wisely and repent of your transgressions."  
Denal drew himself up and faced the crowd, "people of Panmycea, I stand guilty of nothing save a clerical error and this is the punishment the Order sees fit to mete out, not because we are criminals but because they fear our message.  I came not to face justice but to have a chance to speak our message even though I knew it might well cost us our lives.  If you remember anything this day, remember that ours is a cause we are willing to die for.  The Master is alive and real, He died that men might live.  He shed his blood to spare ours.  Seek Him with a humble and fervent heart if you truly wish to know what it is to live!"  
"Enough," growled Roth, "this is not what I meant when I granted you a moment to speak.  This is heresy and it will not be tolerated.  Your time is running out, I suggest you bid each other farewell.  May the Master have mercy on your souls, since you seem to find comfort in that sort of thing."  
Thankful for these last few moments together, Denal's hand caught Elaina's and squeezed firmly, he said, "I love you, do not be afraid."  
She smiled confidently and said, "I love you too and..."  She never managed to finish her sentence.  Her words trailed off, her hand went limp, the life left her eyes, and she slumped against her bonds.  
"Elaina!" cried Denal, as he felt an irresistible tugging at his own spirit, a call that made his soul rejoice even as he felt life slipping away and darkness took him.  Roth and the others standing about stared in disbelief as the pair slumped lifelessly against their bonds.  
"This is some sort of trick!" gasped Roth.  He slapped the face of one and then the other but there was no response, no breath, and no pulse.  Roth growled, "I can understand one of them succumbing to fear but both?"  
The man standing beside him said, "neither seemed all that afraid.  Perhaps the Master truly did have mercy in sparing them the torment of the flames?"  Roth shrugged disconsolately, tossed the torch onto the dried timber, and stomped away from the roaring blaze with the words 'the Master might be merciful' ringing in his mind. 
 
The gathered crowd was utterly silent as they watched the drama unfold before them and pondered what it might mean.  The man seemed willing to die for his ideals and it seemed he was dead, just not in the way the Order intended.  Who had such power to flaunt it under the very nose of the Order?  Could the Master truly exist, rather than simply being a legend or a comfort for dying men, as was commonly thought?  Had they not thought the Brethren a myth yet here was a pair willing to die for their seeming mythology?  These were certainly strange tidings and the event yielded an endless supply of gossip and supposition amongst the various inn patrons that night.  There was not a table to be had at any inn in town.  
Arora stood at the back of the throng and watched Denal's last words and then the sudden, merciful end of her friends.  A few tears trickled down her cheeks as she turned away.  Dorn put a strong hand on her shoulder and guided her away from the scene, "at least the Master spared them that.  Come, we must be about our own duties.  Denal lit the fire and it shall be our job to feed it and see that it does not gutter out before it has a chance to take."  Arora nodded and her grief subsided partially as her sense of duty returned.  The Lady sent them to Panmycea in hopes of spreading the Truth and answering the many questions that would assault the minds of the people after just such an event.
Denal had truly planted the seed and now they must tend the garden that it might yield a harvest.  These people were desperate for Truth and Denal had bought them this chance with his life.  It must not be in vain.  They made their way back to their inn, found seats at separate tables, and waited for the coming storm.  They were not disappointed: it was a downpour.  The people came in ones, twos, and small herds.  At every inn and in the very streets, lively conversation and whispered secrets filled the air with a constant buzz.  The men of the Order looked upon the commonfolk with much disdain but could do nothing to subdue the excitement without causing riots.  The peasants might not know the use of a sword but they had numbers enough to easily overwhelm the Order.
 Arora and Dorn found themselves busy with a seemingly endless stream of curious people.  Everyone seemed to have their own theory for what had happened but the truth that the Brethren told was profound in its simplicity, and once one person had heard their explanation they quickly went off to amaze others with their newfound wisdom thus allowing another to take their place.  It was nearly dawn before even the most die-hard gossipmongers admitted defeat and sought their beds.  The Brethren slept for a time and then resumed their posts for the breakfast crowd.  Rumor and counter-rumor spread throughout Panmycea but the only tale that truly grew a following was that told by the Brethren.  As the days passed, the excitement settled down but there were enough people intrigued by the ideas of the Brethren that many sought out the two sages said to be lingering about a certain inn, and of those an impressive number chose to ride to Astoria to experience the Truth for themselves.  Of those that remained in Panmycea, an underground movement of those choosing to dedicate their lives fully to the Master was firmly established.  
Word reached Arora and Dorn that the Order was not happy with their interference and would soon be making yet another example.  Taking the hint and bidding a sad farewell to their new friends, they rode quietly away.  Arora smiled sadly as she left that city with its bittersweet memories, knowing her friends had not died in vain.  If Elaina's example had done anything for her, it was to convince Arora that she wanted nothing to do with a romantic relationship of any sort.  It was difficult enough to think of facing such a death herself one day or to watch helplessly as her friends faced such an end.  How would she handle such a situation if she must watch her beloved husband die?  No she had not the heart or courage for such things.  She would remain happily single.  She was quite content with her current situation and did not need a man to complete her joy.  But for some reason, she asked of Dorn as they rode home, "so you apprenticed under Tristan?"  The warrior nodded.  She smiled, "and what kind of a man is he?"  
Dorn smiled questioningly and asked, "to what end do these questions pertain?  Am I soon to wish you joy?"  
She pretended to scowl at him and said, "why is it that men always assume some romantic entanglement over such simple questions?  I am just curious.  I know him only by reputation.  He seems a nice enough fellow."
 Dorn laughed, "there is an understatement if I ever heard one!  You make him sound like a nice boy you met at the local inn.  He is perhaps the most honorable man I have ever known, and having spent most of my life among the Brethren that is quite a compliment.  He is the best swordsman I have ever encountered and his mind is even sharper.  Of course you must not tell him any of this, otherwise I shall die of mortification, as will he."  
Arora laughed, "he sounds a very intimidating character.  Fear not, I shall not betray your confidence, if only to spare both your lives.  The Lady would never forgive me for killing two of her dearest servants in such a manner.  It would be better if I challenged the entire Order to single combat."  
Dorn laughed, "you could not choose a better man, though I know your intentions do not tend in that direction."  Arora gave him a patient look and he whistled blandly, looking about at nothing in particular.  She asked no more awkward questions for the rest of the journey thus sparing them both that little inconvenience.  They returned and told the full tale to the Lady.  She did not seem surprised at the end met by her servants but was encouraged that their sacrifice had not been in vain.  

Roth stormed back into the Citadel, unable to escape his disquiet mind.  He did not understand what had just happened and did not want to.  Ever since he had become embroiled with these Brethren his mind had not been content with the way things had always been.  Some part of him wanted something more, something greater than he could possibly imagine.  The little injustices and perversions of truth that he knew the Order was often wont to permit started to bother him, whereas he used to be happily complicit in them.  Denal had proved he was willing to die for his integrity and that bothered Roth more than he had imagined possible.  He did not like thinking that his whole life had been a mistake or at least misguided and pointless.  He did not like the direction his thoughts were going, nor did he like the likely destination.  He had spent his entire life in the Order and had worked hard to gain his current position.  
Would he throw it all away for a few moral conundrums?  He had overlooked such things before, why could he not do so again?  Perhaps because he had previously acted out of ignorance but here was an example too bold to ignore.  Never again could he be content to return to his former opinions and arrogant contentment.  He must either abandon the Order and seek a more honorable life elsewhere, or he could remain and allow himself to knowingly become a man of ill repute and little honor.  Denal had abandoned everything and thrown himself on the mercy of these Brethren, but he certainly could not do such a thing.  Was it not he that had brought about the deaths of two of the Lady’s servants?  But where could he go?  What could he do?  He felt as if he stood on the brink of a precipice and knew not whether to jump in or back safely away.  He could not remain but neither could he leave.
Roth’s constant pacing in a seemingly abandoned part of the Citadel drew the attention of a very senior official who just happened to be passing by in that little used part of the fortress.  He watched with a smirk upon his face until the captain noticed his presence, jumped, and quickly made the proper courtesies.  
“What troubles you captain?” asked the stranger.  
Roth stood stiffly at attention and said, “I am sorry for my impropriety sir but my mind is uneasy of late and I was lost in contemplation.”  
“At ease,” said the stranger without warmth or feeling, “now tell me what has you so agitated?  There have certainly been strange happenings enough of late in Panmycea to set any man’s nerves on edge.”  
Roth thought quickly how best to phrase his problems without sounding subordinate or treacherous.  He said, “my recent dealings with those calling themselves the Brethren have brought a variety of qualms to my attention.  In the past I could ignore such minor bothers but of late I cannot seem to think of anything else.”
The stranger nodded, “you have become aware of the incongruities between the perception the Order wishes to maintain and how things actually function and cannot rectify that within yourself without completely changing yourself or abandoning your entire life’s work?”
Roth stared at the man, “how did you know?”  
The stranger laughed coldly, “any man who takes the time to think through these matters faces just such a decision but most of our men never take the time or lack the depth of thought necessary for such deliberations.  I am afraid you have only three choices before you and each will radically change your life.  First, you may continue as you ever have in the grey limbo of contradiction that is the Order and become something less within yourself by accepting such inanity as truth.  Or, you may abandon the Order completely, as the late Captain Denal did, and seek truth, justice, and goodness elsewhere, perhaps among the Brethren if you believe their side of things.  Otherwise, you may choose power above and beyond mortal imaginings and embrace something greater than the Order and even truth itself.  By doing the latter you may in effect make your own truth and decide for yourself how useful you find such things as justice and mercy.  Will you be a man willingly living a lie, a man bound as a slave to the greater moral good, or a man who is master of his own destiny?”
Roth looked skeptical, “I had considered the first two options but what is this third you speak of?”  
The stranger said quietly, as a hunting cat is quiet, “I wear the uniform of the Order but the Order is nothing but a tool to be used as needed to further the goals of my own masters.  I represent a group of people dedicated to ultimate power, who refuse to bow to social convention and outdated moralities.  We are the next step in human civilization and are doing everything within our power to bring about this revolution.  I am offering you a chance to join us.”  
“Who are you?” asked Roth.  
The stranger hissed, “if you know more and decide not to join us I would have to kill you.  As it is, I may have to do just that should you choose unwisely.”  
Roth looked frustrated, “how can I join you if I know nothing of you?”  Fear seemed to emanate from the man and Roth felt a very strong push in his mind that perhaps he was being foolish.  “Stop it!” growled Roth, “Whatever it is that you are doing.”  
The stranger snarled, “I could force you to join us but that is not to our masters’ liking.  What use is a slave when you can have willing soldiers?  Just consider this little demonstration the merest hint of what you yourself could do one day if you choose to pursue our cause.  I shall give you a day to think on these things and then we shall see what comes of you.”
“I have one last question,” said Roth.  “
Yes?” asked the shadowy stranger.  
Roth said, “the Brethren maintain they fight for all that is good and right in the world, the Order is self-serving and morally corrupt at times.  What is the alignment of your little organization?”  
The stranger laughed coldly, “let us just say we are the antithesis of the Brethren.  Good and evil are relative you know?  From our standpoint the Brethren are evil, though they would say the same of us.  The Order does not bother with such tedious details and simply serves itself.  It really depends on whose side you are on.  My masters would consider the executions of your Brethren friends just, while the Brethren would consider it martyrdom.  The question is not who is right and who is wrong but how and why you do something and for whom.  If you seek your own glory stay with the Order, if you seek to glorify this supposed Master choose the Brethren, if you seek to further the cause of mankind and thereby gain power for yourself, choose us.  Have an answer ready when I seek you out tomorrow evening.”
As suddenly as he had appeared, the stranger vanished into the surrounding shadows leaving Roth alone to contemplate his future or lack there of.  He went back to his quarters but was too restless to sit and think.  He sought out the library but could not concentrate on reading.  He found his men but none were capable of or interested in understanding his dilemma.  Driven by desperation and with no better destination, he took refuge in the place where men with disquiet minds and troubled thoughts have found a haven for centuries: the local tavern.  He was still wearing his Order uniform, which was enough to cause the very talkative patrons to suddenly cease in their conversations and glance at him nervously.  When it was apparent that he had no interest in anything save his own troubled thoughts, they returned to their previous activities.  
He ordered a mug of some unknown but intoxicating liquid but took no more than a sip.  He stared into its depths, hoping to find the answers to all the questions of the ages but found nothing, as generations of such seekers had discovered before him.  
“What troubles you my friend?” asked a plainly dressed man who took a seat across the table from the disconsolate Roth.  
“I have a day to decide my future and there are no easy choices.  I have spent my whole life wearing this uniform and striving with all my being to attain my current position.  Now I cannot bear the incongruity of my chosen profession yet cannot bear to abandon that for which I have sacrificed so much,” said he.
The man smiled gently, “it seems you do have a problem.  But it is a simple matter really.  If that for which you have worked so hard is worth nothing, then you cannot abandon such nonsense and begin anew on something worthwhile too soon.  If you are trekking through the wilderness and come to the end of the trail, you do not sit down in despair and stare at the trees in confusion but either backtrack until you find another route or you break out your hatchet and chop a new path.”  
Roth looked at the stranger hopefully, “the only question is which path to take?  One path I know little about and fear will not avail me should I dare it.  The other is dark and I fear would destroy me utterly so that I would not know myself.  I spoke recently with a man that said good and evil all depend upon whose side you are on but my heart whispers that this is not the truth.  If I defy the man who told me this I may lose my life.  If I listen to him I may lose my very soul.”
The stranger smiled grimly, “then it would seem the choice is obvious.  Better to die yourself than live without a soul or as close to it as a living man can come.”  
Roth narrowed his eyes, “why do I feel comfortable pouring out my heart to you?”  
Dorn laughed, “who would be foolish enough, or perhaps brave enough, to listen to a Captain of the Order pour out such feelings? 
Roth said, “you carry a sword but also seem a learned man, at least in matters of the heart.  Who are you?  If I did not know better I would say you rode under the banner of a certain Lady, but I do not think such folk foolish enough to enter Panmycea under the current circumstances.”  
Dorn smiled knowingly, “some might call it foolishness but this certain Lady would consider it anathema not to be present at such a time.”  
Roth’s eyes widened, “you know who I am and my part in these things?”  Dorn nodded.  Roth said, “and yet you speak to me without condemnation?  Why?”  
Dorn shrugged, “we are all guilty of something to a greater or lesser degree.  If we only spoke to the innocent or the righteous we would never say anything.  We are just as human as everyone else thus we cannot judge the offenses of others worse than our own.  We are simply forgiven our failings and given another chance to do things right; it is just such a chance we wish to offer everyone else should they wish to take it.”  
Roth stared, “after everything I have done, this Lady of yours would give me such a chance?”  
Dorn nodded, “that is the business we are in, but it is not we but the Master Who offers this chance.  We are merely the vehicle He uses to accomplish such things.”  
“I have much to think on but whatever happens,” said Roth, “I shall not be found by anyone in Panmycea in a day’s time.”  
Dorn smiled, “then whatever you decide, may the Master ride with you.”  
Roth smiled weakly, abandoned his drink, and disappeared into the streets.  The table was quickly filled by another eager to speak with a knowledgeable man about the events of the day.  Dorn focused his attention on his curious audience and began answering his many questions, wondering what would come of the restless captain.
Roth rode back to the Citadel and resigned his commission (careful to follow the proper procedures).  He then packed his meager belongings and disappeared from the city.  He did not know where he was going, just that he could no longer remain where he was.  The dark man knew immediately when Roth turned in his resignation and went quickly in pursuit of the man, but could find no trace of him.  Apparently the man had chosen foolishly; he should have demanded a decision on the spot and killed the fool if he refused.  No matter, he knew next to nothing and certainly nothing important.  Roth would turn up eventually and then he would be dealt with.  As a precaution, the evil man made the carefully filed paperwork mysteriously disappear, and thus created another deserter.  The man laughed coldly, he loved his work; he found the irony delicious.


Chapter 3

The sun was sinking behind the distant hills in a fury of red and purple, as Roth lay on his stomach in the tall brush atop the hill.  In the clearing below he watched a mare idly nibbling at the plentiful grass.  She bore no trace of brand, halter, rope, or hobbles and there was not a farm or village for miles.  He desperately hoped she was a stray and that if so, that he might have some hope of catching her.  His own mount was an aging rack of bones and was not fit to carry a saddle but it was the only horse he could afford when he fled Panmycea.  He needed a good horse to outrun the patrol that was close upon his heels.  He was a hunted man though he did not know why.  He had filed the proper paperwork but he was still declared a traitor and a deserter; Roth wondered if his dark friend had something to do with this little fiasco.  He only knew that he must not be caught or he would fair no better than Denal and his wife, and probably far worse.  
Roth was just about to sneak down the hill and approach the mare when she lifted her head, cocked her ears, and stared intently off into the distance.  She then looked towards the surrounding trees and whickered softly.  A man appeared out of the woods and laid down a bundle of newly cut wood.  Only then did Roth see the saddle, saddlebags, and other gear set carefully to one side of the clearing.  He also recognized the man.  As he was contemplating whether to go down the hill and speak with the man or quietly sneak around the little camp and be on his way, he heard the thunder of hooves along the adjacent road.  Six mounted men in the uniform of the Order rode up to the man.  The captain brandished what looked to be a standard issue arrest order and Roth was not surprised to see his picture sketched upon it.  A brief conversation ensued but the man had no idea where Roth was so he was of little help to the patrol.  As quickly as they had come, they continued on down the road in pursuit of their quarry.  Roth had little choice but to throw himself on the mercy of the Brethren or the patrol would soon catch him and put a swift end to all his problems.
He took the reins of his ragged gelding and made his way down the hill.  The mare’s eyes and ears were intent upon him as he approached the camp.  She watched with eyes that seemed to carry wisdom rather than the vague curiosity one expected of a horse in her position.  Tristan had his hand upon his sword hilt as the stranger approached but withdrew it as he recognized his visitor.  He laughed, “this is certainly a strange night.  I seldom have visitors in camp on such journeys yet tonight I have had seven.  I would not be surprised should the Lady herself pop out of the bushes.  You observed my other guests?”  
Roth nodded, “I know they hunt me and that is why I am come.  With a mount of such quality I cannot hope to escape them.  I left the Order and my past but know little of my future.  I filed the proper papers yet am still considered a fugitive.”  Tristan motioned for him to take a seat near the little fire he was busy starting.  Roth sat down wearily, “do you know what has come of your friends?”
Tristan stopped what he was doing and looked intently at the man, “who in particular?  I have been away from Astoria for some weeks on an errand for the Lady and am behind on the news concerning my comrades.”  Roth quickly told his tale.  Only long practice kept the grief and shock that Tristan felt from showing on his face.  “And you do not know what to do with your future, assuming you escape those hunting you?” said Tristan.  
Roth nodded, “I knew I could not stay with the Order but neither could I fathom joining up with the evil man and his strange friends.  I am sure it was he that set the Order after me.  I had considered the Brethren briefly but I am not so sure of this Master you all seem to idolize, especially his part in recent events.  Why spare his servants the flames but not spare their lives?  I thought perhaps Denal had great courage in facing such a death for his beliefs but I would not fear the flames either if I knew I would be spared the agony.  Do all of you die so peacefully?”
Tristan smiled weakly, still trying to comprehend what had come of such dear friends.  He said, “if only we all died that easily.  Usually we face ends as grisly as any other man who wields a sword and faces violence on a regular basis.  I have seen too many friends die slowly, pierced by arrows or hewn by a sword to think it a painless end.  Else they succumb to the wound fever days later.  Denal and Elaina expected to meet the end the Order wished to dole out to them; I have never heard of such a thing in seventy years in service to the Brethren.  Did they not seem surprised?”  
Roth nodded thoughtfully, “now that you mention it I remember the woman slumping in her bonds and Denal saying her name in great concern before going limp himself.  I do not think they knew what was happening.  But why did it happen?”  
Tristan said, “I cannot claim to speak for the Master but I do not think His main intention was to spare them the pain, though that was a secondary mercy.  If they had died by the flames it would have been talked of for weeks or perhaps a month and then forgotten, but such an unusual fate has the potential to be remembered for years and thus the message of the man who suffered such an end.”  
Roth smiled, “it can also show that the Master is fully in command of the lives of men.  The Order thought to prove themselves superior by taking their lives but it was the Master who had the final say in matters.”  
Tristan smiled, “you did learn something in Astoria.  What yet holds you back from seeking the Master?”
Roth shrugged, “after recent events I thought Him perhaps callous, manipulative, or mad.  It made no sense to me, though now I see the error of my previous thinking.  It seems He can use all things for His own purposes no matter our intentions.”  
Tristan laughed, “you are proving quite a promising pupil.  It takes some of us years to learn those basic truths.  I was quite slow in coming to such an understanding.”  
Roth looked surprised, “you once struggled with doubt?”  
Tristan smiled ruefully, “my parents died rather tragically and it took me some time, more than it should have, to come to terms with it and rectify it with my understanding (or lack thereof) of the Master.  Eventually I figured things out.”  
Roth nodded, “I can make no promises but I need a place to hide for a time and a purpose for my future.  Perhaps Astoria can offer both.”  
Tristan nodded, “then we must get you safely there.  I will do what I can.  First we must find you a decent horse.  Yours will be food for the buzzards ere we ever reach Astoria.”  
Roth smiled weakly, “it was all I could afford when I left Panmycea.  I am afraid my sword is even worse.”  
Tristan laughed, “you come ill-prepared for life as a fugitive.  We shall see what we can do to rectify things.”  They ate a simple meal, talked some of the Brethren and the Master and their plans for reaching Astoria, and then retired.  Aria wakened them early and they quickly broke camp.  The patrol was returning and this time Tristan could not tell them that he had not seen their quarry.  “Get in the saddle behind me,” said Tristan briskly, “I have an idea to throw them off our trail, if only for a few minutes.”  He took the reins of Roth’s nag and the two men climbed onto Aria.
Aria whickered excitedly to be off and try Tristan’s strange plan.  Aria could look and smell like a normal horse, for either sight or scent of a unicorn would drive a horse mad.  She let her true scent fill the air and the decrepit gelding whinnied in fear as Tristan dropped his reins.  He took off with all the speed he possessed down the road ahead of the yet distant patrol.  Aria stayed close beside him and he pressed even harder, desperate to rid himself of the terrible scent.  In a few minutes they came to a little trail that branched off the main road and wound deep into the woods.  They took the bifurcation as the gelding pressed hard along the main route.  They took a sharp turn into the woods off the trail and Aria went to her knees behind some thick shrubs that grew waist high on a man.  The two men dove from the saddle and lay flat upon the ground.  Moments later the patrol galloped by in pursuit of the fleeing horse, not knowing their quarry lay close beside the road.  A standing horse would have been easily seen but the brush obscured the three to all but the closest observation, which was impossible from the back of a galloping horse.  They waited only a minute before climbing astride the mare and galloping back the way they had come.  
Even with two riders a unicorn can outdistance a normal horse.  They pressed hard for several hours, stopped for a short rest, and then pressed on until evening.  Tristan took them on a winding route along little used and often overgrown paths.  They stopped in a little village and Tristan was able to procure a horse for Roth, it was not Tithbian bloodstock but it would survive the journey to Astoria.  It took much longer to reach Astoria by the paths they took but they arrived without falling prey to the agents of the Order.  As they crossed the border early that morning, a patrol met them.  
“Tristan!” said the leader of the patrol, “The Lady wishes to see you immediately upon your return.  I would also be careful because there is a cadre of men from the Order here hunting your friend there.  They arrived yesterday morning.  I would be very cautious in approaching the city if I were you.”  
Tristan nodded, “thank you Gathir.  We shall be careful.”  
The man nodded and he and his companions continued with their assigned circuit.  Tristan and Roth exchanged a curious though unsurprised look.  They made their way slowly along the main road leading to the gates of the city.  Before the road brought them out into the open fields around Astoria, Tristan sent Roth into the woods to hide until he deemed it safe for the man to enter the city.  Tristan continued towards Astoria alone.  He saw no one from the Order waiting patiently under guard outside the city, thus the Lady must have allowed the entire company to enter.  He was certain that they would approach the Lady on the matter and then canvas the entire city asking people if they had seen the fugitive.  He sat astride Aria and watched the city from a distance; eventually the hunters emerged and rode steadily away, having failed to locate their quarry yet again.
Tristan turned his mount and returned to the well-hidden Roth, saying, “they are gone.  We may enter the city now.”  Roth nodded grimly and climbed into his saddle.
As they made their way steadily along the road, the sound of cantering hooves approached from behind.  As Aria did not seem overly concerned, Tristan assumed they were friends.  Dorn and a woman he recognized vaguely as Arora soon rode alongside them.  Dorn smiled at his friend, “I see you have met an old friend of mine.”  Roth bowed his head slightly in greeting to Dorn.  
Tristan nodded, “our paths have crossed more than once.  I hope this encounter shall have a happier ending.”
Dorn smiled sadly, “he has certainly played some small part in setting Panmycea afire with curiosity and rumor.  It has been long since that dark city has felt such hope though the cost was dear, I think it worth the price.”  
Tristan nodded grimly, “that is very good to hear though it still grieves my heart.  But the Master knows what He is about and it is not for me to question the cost nor the reason.”  The four rode on together, each wrapped in thoughtful silence.  The guards at the gate did not hinder them nor did those at the castle gates.  Servants came to take their gear and the travel weary unicorns disappeared about their own business.  
Roth abandoned his horse to the care of a groom and happily gave his pathetic excuse for a sword to one of the guards, “you would do me a favor in keeping the thing.”  
The guard laughed, saying, “this I am sure will not be lost, stolen, or claimed by anyone else thus I will be forced to return it to you.  Such an heirloom should not be lost to your family as it has surely been passed down from the dawn of time.”  A servant waited eagerly for them, as the Lady was anxious to see all three of her servants and their curious guest.
The three Brethren bowed deeply upon entering the Lady’s presence and Roth did the same.  She greeted them warmly and all four stood before her.  She said to Roth, “it seems a rather strange irony that brings you once again to my door.  When last you were here it was as the hunter and now you are the hunted.”  She turned to Dorn and asked, “how stand matters in Panmycea?”  He told his tale and she nodded grimly, “I thought as much, but it seems this has caused quite an interest in the Master and thus much good has come of it.”  She turned to Tristan, “I assume your errand went well else you would not have returned so soon?”  Tristan nodded.  She continued, “I have another task for you and that is why I wished to see you immediately upon your return.  This will also involve you Dorn.  Arora you may go if you wish; please send Phelps and Turin to me as you leave.”  Arora bowed herself out and found the two named men waiting patiently in the hall.  After making their courtesies, they took their place beside the other men.  Turin exchanged a surprised nod of greeting with Roth.  The Lady addressed her four servants, Roth wondered idly why he was present for such a briefing, but listened in interest.  
She said, “I am sending the four of you to Tithbia Plain.”  Phelps’ eyebrows rose and the Lady smiled in amusement, “yes Phelps, I know you have no desire for a field mission and would rather spend the rest of your life buried in the library, but your knowledge is vital for this assignment as no one knows more of Tithbian culture than you.  I also think it a good chance for you to dust off your sword.”  
Phelps smiled sheepishly, “Lady, I approach my one hundredth birthday and had hoped to celebrate it with my books.”  
The Lady laughed, “just think of this little adventure as a chance to keep you young.  Perhaps I shall let you celebrate your three hundredth birthday in such a fashion but until then you are occasionally at risk for such assignments.”  
He bowed in acquiescence and she continued, “as you know, the Tithbians are an independent and standoffish people and have little to do with outsiders save those come to trade for their fine horses.  Several merchants who specialize in the trade of such beasts have come to me hoping for our help.  It seems that a group of unknown origin has been raiding the herds and thus the Tithbians are loath to part with any of their animals, not knowing the future of their breeding operations under such assault.  I do not really care that the price of Tithbian bloodstock has become obscene in recent months, but these are highly trained warriors taking part in the raids and can match even the legendary Tithbian warriors in skill.  The Tithbians have not asked for our help, but their villages and herdsmen have fallen victim to these raiders as well as their herds.  It is not only horses that they steal.  It is for this reason that I have chosen to intervene rather than for the financial interests of the merchants.  The Tithbians are too proud to ask for help in defending their lives and livelihood, but we shall aid them nonetheless.  Phelps your wisdom shall be invaluable in helping the others interact with the Tithbians as we may not be welcome guests in these troubled times.”
She then looked to Roth with eyes that pierced like those of a falcon, “I have my theory as to the origin of these thieves but no evidence.  There is only one group in the world that boasts such military skill, is ever in need of excellent mounts, and perhaps has the moral laxity by which to attain them so unscrupulously.  Do you know anything of this matter?”  
Roth said, “Lady I have only heard rumors of such things as it would not be something the Order would wish to make widely known, but I do not doubt that you are correct in assuming that the raiders ride for the Order even if they do not openly wear the uniform.”  
She nodded, “and now what is your story and what do you seek from me?”  
Roth said, “you know my part in recent events and I would understand if you deny me aid.  As you know, I am now a fugitive to the Order though it seems this came about by treachery.  I need a place to hide and have nowhere else to go.  I left my past but have yet little hope of a future.”  
The Lady said, “you ask me for sanctuary?  Can you swear that the Order has no just reason to hunt you down?”  
Roth met her keen gaze and said, “unless a seeming clerical error is worthy of death, they have no reason to hunt me.”  
The Lady nodded, “I cannot harbor a fugitive fleeing justice but you are fleeing injustice and thus we can shelter you.”  
Roth said, “Lady if I could, I would go with the others to Tithbia.  Perhaps another sword could be of use there.”
The Lady looked at Roth curiously, “it is not our practice to send those not of the Brethren on such missions.  I cannot risk a life not sworn to the Master and thus to my service, nor can I fully trust you in so delicate a situation.  While I appreciate your zeal it cannot be so.”
Roth went to one knee as the others looked on in surprise, “what must I do to join you then?”  
The Lady gazed on him and said, “are you fully aware of what the Oath entails and how serious a matter this is?”  
Roth nodded, “I learned much on my previous visit to Astoria and also on my journey hence.  I had my doubts but these have been laid to rest.  Take me if you will.”  
She shook her head, “this is not our usual custom but in extreme cases I can make an exception.  It is also not our custom to send a newly sworn man out into danger before he has learned what we deem he must.  But as you shall travel with such learned scholars perhaps I shall overlook yet another custom.  I also know that you are meant to go on this journey though I do not know how or why.  We do not believe in coincidence thus I am forced to believe it providence that you arrived when and how you did.  If you are firm in your decision then we shall proceed as you feel you must.”  He bowed deeply and she smiled, “then let us begin.”

Roth had not intended for things to turn out this way but such is life that events rarely end as we expect when we begin.  Since he had first encountered the Brethren in the raid upon the bandit camp, he felt as if his whole world were on the verge of collapse.  His mind had been restless and his heart uneasy.  He tried to end his torment by bringing Denal to justice but those events had only hastened his defeat.  Finally, finally his heart was at ease and his mind found peace.  He had argued and fought against that ever persistent tugging that seemed to drag his very being down a path he had no wish to follow, but now at its end he found himself very much at home.  He wondered how he had ever thought it all myth and foolishness when it felt the most natural thing in the world.  He felt as if he had been trying to look at the world through a dirty window all his life and suddenly he stepped out the door and saw the world for what it truly was.  He exchanged joyous hugs with his new comrades and knelt once more before the Lady.  
She smiled and said warmly, “you have finally come home.  Do not grieve or feel guilty for what is past.  It is forgiven and will be remembered no more.  Now I suggest all of you get some sleep as I expect you to leave early on the morrow.  May the Master ride with you.”  They bowed themselves from her presence and left to make ready for the journey before them.  Tristan and Dorn accompanied Roth to the storerooms to equip him with the basic necessities for such a journey.  They even found him a passable sword.  
“Now all you need is a proper mount,” said Tristan.  
“What is wrong with my horse?” asked Roth.
Dorn and Tristan exchanged amused looks and Tristan said, “it seems you have forgotten or perhaps never learned one small detail concerning your new allegiance?  Have you not noticed any of the peculiarities surrounding my mount?”  
Roth laughed, “she seems quite an obedient and highly trained creature.  She has done tricks I thought no horse capable of.”  
Tristan smiled, “I do not think I would call her obedient, however she does occasionally deign to cooperate with me.  I have never met such an irascible unicorn!”  
“Unicorn!” said Roth quite surprised, “The old legends speak of such things but I thought them just wishful thinking.  Do you mean to tell me the creatures are more than legend?”  
Tristan nodded, “each of the Brethren finds such a companion in the first few months after we take the Oath.  But we cannot wait a month for the creature to find you.  If one has not found you before we leave, I am afraid you must start the journey on a regular horse, which will greatly slow our travel.  Thankfully the creatures have the habit of appearing when they are most needed thus I do not worry that you will wait long.  Come, it is well past time we were in bed.”  
As they found their way to their temporary quarters, Tristan and Dorn explained what they could of the peculiar relationship the Brethren shared with their mounts.  Roth shook his head bemusedly; he felt he might never learn all he must about his new life.  They were quickly asleep, save Roth, who lay awake thinking much of the night.  Morning came, or at least the eastern sky hinted at the coming dawn.  Roth felt that it could not be rightly called dawn for several more hours at the least.  He wearily crawled out of bed and followed the others to the courtyard where their mounts waited patiently.
The four elder Brethren went to their mounts and secured their bulging saddlebags into position.  Roth approached his own horse to do likewise when another horse approached his own with his ears laid back and teeth bared.  Roth’s horse backed away from the aggressor, completely cowed.  The newcomer tossed his head and looked quite pleased with himself, turning an expectant eye upon Roth.  Roth stared at the beast, not quite knowing what to do next and not daring to hope that which his heart greatly desired.  
Tristan laughed, “you had best saddle up else we must leave you behind; I do not think you are going anywhere on that poor horse.”  
“You mean...?” asked Roth hopefully.  
Tristan smiled, “you will not be slowing us down after all, but come, the morning wastes.”  
Roth carefully approached the strange creature and cautiously stroked the great neck.  The stallion shook his head and whinnied with amusement, as if he found the whole situation comical.  Tristan laughed, “he has chosen you and you need not fear that he will bite.  Come, we must be going.”  Roth smiled ruefully, threw caution to the wind, and started taking the tack from his horse and placing it on the stallion.  Everything save the bridle was in place and the creature had stood patiently through the whole procedure.  As Roth approached with the bridle, the stallion laid his ears back and moved away from the man.  Tristan said, “the bit is an insult to him and speaks of distrust and slavery.  You will not need it.”  Carefully removing the bit, Roth again approached the stallion, who placidly accepted the bridle.  Finally, they were ready to ride.
Initially it was a very strange ride for Roth, as he instinctively tried to use rein and knees to direct his mount but the creature anticipated him and needed no such cues.  In fact, it seemed to irritate the stallion when he tried.  Roth also felt a strange sensation in the back of his mind that he soon came to identify with his new friend; they shared some sort of mental bond though meaning was more easily sent than received.  The unicorn understood much of what Roth thought while Roth had to work hard to interpret whatever it was his mount wished him to understand.  They stopped for the night and Roth wanted nothing more than to fall into his blankets with exhaustion but Tristan and the others insisted that his weary mind begin learning those things which the Brethren deemed necessary for all newly sworn recruits.  
Strangely he found he could absorb a great deal of the information even in his current state of weariness, and he found it strangely exhilarating.  He had never thought himself a scholar but he found himself ravenous for the information that his comrades were eager to impart.  Eventually he was allowed some much needed sleep, but they were again on the road early in the morning.  Phelps was forced to use the more physical aspects of his earlier training each night as they sat around the fire, and happily his old skills came quickly back though he was no match for anyone but Roth.  Their journey continued in this vein as they swiftly traveled west towards Tithbia.  They stopped only long enough to sleep and occasionally to replace dwindling supplies.  The trees thinned and soon failed altogether as they found themselves upon the fabled plains of Tithbia.  The semi-nomadic clans that dwelt there were famous for both their horses and their skill in battle.  Only fools or fierce warriors crossed swords with such a people.
They stopped at one of the villages on the rim of the plains that served as a center for trade between east and west, hoping for news of the bandits and word on how the Tithbians currently felt towards outsiders.  They soon had their answer.  Five armed men riding into the village in such troubling times swiftly drew the attention of the local authorities, and the Brethren soon found themselves facing an equal number of grim looking warriors.  The men on both sides knew their foes were far from novices with a sword and grudging respect was given even though they might end mortal enemies, thus was there a bond between them though they were yet strangers.  
“What do you seek?” asked one of the warriors.  
Tristan said, “we come peacefully, save to those that threaten peace and justice.”  
The Tithbian said, “we do not welcome armed strangers in these troubled times.  You will not be welcomed on the plains should you venture forth so armed.  In fact, you will not survive the encounter, for we ask questions only after the threat is past and corpses give poor answers.”  
Tristan said, “we are aware of the raids on your herds and villages and it is for this reason we have come.”  
The Tithbian laughed, “we did not request such aid.  If we cannot handle this threat ourselves we are not worthy to continue on in our ancient way of life.  We have ever driven off such bandits and raiders on our own and will not bow to foreign powers, even with so great a threat.  It is as if a rogue army has fallen upon our herds and homes.  If we allow foreigners to aid us then they will demand some sort of payment or allegiance to their ruler and this we cannot allow.  Thus we will drive them off or die trying.”
Roth said, “I fear it shall be the latter as you are correct in saying this is no ordinary gang of bandits.  The men who raid your herds are most likely knights from the Order of the Unicorn, though they go about anonymously.  They are seasoned warriors and highly trained in the military and tactical arts.”  The men looked surprised at this revelation but it did not seem to dampen their hopes of victory or their determination to fight.  
Tristan added, “if we are allowed to aid you in this battle, we and those that sent us shall demand no form of payment or any debt of honor.  Our only reward shall be seeing your people safe and free once more.  It is our duty to defend the innocent from the oppressor wherever it is necessary.”  
“Noble words,” laughed the stranger, “but it goes against all of our customs to allow such assistance though we die for our stubbornness.”  
Tristan looked grim, “what of your children and your wives, must they die also because you will not ask for help?”  
The men exchanged nervous glances but their leader said firmly, “if such is the cost for freedom then so be it.”  
Tristan shook his head sadly, “is there no way you will allow us to aid you?”  
The leader laughed, “none that I can think of.  You had best return from whence you came and quit trying to meddle in things in which you have no part.  Besides, of what use are five more swords when the whole might of the Tithbian clans cannot drive back these marauders?”  
Tristan looked to Phelps, “can you offer any help in this matter?”  
Phelps smiled, “perhaps I can.  I claim the Right of Adoption.”
The leader’s jaw dropped, “what!  Such a thing has not been done in five hundred years!”  
Phelps laughed, “actually it is closer to five hundred and twenty three years but who is counting?  If I claim the Right you cannot deny me.”  
The leader scowled, “you are correct but are you willing to risk your life?”  
Tristan had no idea what Phelps was talking about but said, “we were sent to help you and we shall, even if it is only to die trying.”  
The leader laughed, “you have the heart, but I doubt your sanity and I would not have madmen counted among us, but if you insist we must humor you.  Are you sure?”  
Tristan looked to Phelps questioningly and he explained to all of his comrades, “the Right of Adoption is an ancient practice among the Tithbians whereby a man may challenge any of their number and if he defeats him or proves his equal with the sword, the horse, and the song then he can be adopted into Tithbian society.  If he loses, the Tithbians may kill him for his temerity.  It has fallen into disuse in recent centuries, but it is the only way I see of completing our mission.”  
“And how did you come by this information?” asked the leader, “I thought it only known to our own people.  Any books written on the subject must have by now fallen to dust.”  
Phelps smiled, “perhaps in less meticulous libraries such works would have decayed but the library I am wont to frequent has several books on the topic and each is quite well preserved.”  
The leader looked grim, “then will each of you try your hand at this foolishness or only you dear scholar?  For your sake, I hope your sword is as sharp as your mind.”  
Phelps said, “I can only speak for myself but I shall most certainly try.”  The others nodded and wondered what they were getting themselves into.  
“So be it,” sighed the leader, “I suppose we can waste no more time and must be about this ill-advised scheme.  Come, we shall see how well your nags can compete with a Tithbian horse.”
The leader led them out of the village, followed by his men and most of the villagers, who were quite intrigued by the idea.  They had not seen anything this exciting in many long years.  A flag was planted just at the edge of sight, which on the plains was many miles distant, on the very brink of the horizon.  Each of the Brethren was paired with one of the Tithbians; each pair would race to the flag and back.  The first that returned to the starting point would be declared the winner.  The Brethren removed everything from the unicorns save their tack.  The creatures reared and pranced, eager to show their skills.  Only Phelps’ unicorn stood indifferently by while patiently awaiting his turn; the unicorn of a Philosopher was rarely as enthusiastic about action and adventure as were the mounts of the Messengers and the Warriors.  Tristan and the leader of the Tithbian warriors paired off first, Aria easily left the man and his horse behind.  The same happened to all who pitted themselves against the unicorns.  
The leader was impressed but not pleased and said, “they look nothing more than cart horses but have the speed of the wind in them.  You have all passed this trial.  Let us see if you fare as well with the sword.”
Aside from the singing, which Tristan dreaded completely, the sword competition would be the hardest for Phelps and Roth.  He need not have worried.  Roth had as many years experience and perhaps more natural skill than the man he faced off against.  The battle was close but Roth prevailed in the end.  Phelps had not used his sword in many years but the constant drilling upon the journey brought his old skills back to his mind and hands and he fought his opponent to a standstill.  The other three soundly defeated their own foes.  The leader smiled weakly, “you are faring quite well and I will not be ashamed to call you brothers, at least if you can sing half as well as you can fight.”  
Tristan laughed grimly, “I am afraid if our skill with the song is to decide our fate most of us had better surrender now.”  
The leader laughed, “it takes a brave man to admit that, perhaps we will be lenient.  This contest you may do alone or as a group, but if the group fails then all of you shall face the same fate.”  The Brethren exchanged a nervous look.  Dorn had a passable voice and Roth was not a complete disappointment, but the other three were an embarrassment to the more musically skilled amongst the Teaching sect.  Tristan wanted to laugh that his life might well be forfeit because he could not carry a tune, literally to save his life!  Then an idea struck him and he told the others of his brilliant plan.  Roth did not understand but the others looked aghast.  
Turin said, “we cannot sing that!”  
Dorn said, “are you mad?”  
Phelps smiled, “the Tithbians already think us mad but Tristan does have a point.  It is the one song we all know well enough not to completely fail at and it is such a song that perhaps the failings of the singers might be forgiven by the power of the music.  The only other songs I know are foolish ditties from childhood and a few Ithalian drinking tunes.”
Roth looked confused, “of what are we speaking?”  
Tristan smiled, “I suggest that we sing the one song almost all of the Brethren know, though it is only ever sung over the grave of a fallen comrade.  You have not yet had that grief and thus do not know the hymn.  Once you hear it you never forget it, such is the power of the music.  Do you have a song that might pass muster?”  
Roth smiled nervously, “I know a few songs of battle and war, but little else save those common to children and drunkards.”  
Phelps grinned, “choose something epic that speaks of war and glory and I think it will please the Tithbians better than a song of childish nonsense.”  
Roth laughed, “then I know several, as that is all the Order thinks worthy of singing about.”  
“And the rest of us?” asked Tristan of the others.  
Turin sighed, “I think you must be right, though it seems sacrilegious to put that song to such use, but if we do not do it I fear there may be no one left to give us the honor of its proper use.”  Dorn nodded and Phelps grinned.  
Tristan faced the Tithbians, “the four of us shall try not to slay anyone with our singing and then Roth shall attempt a solo.”  
The leader nodded, very curious as to why there had been so much debate over something as simple as a song.  He said, “then let us begin.”  The villagers who had been watching all of the day’s events shared eager grins as the four elder Brethren began the final round of the strange competition.


Chapter 4

As each of the four began the ancient burial hymn, they forgot where they were and each found himself lost in the memories of those times when such a song was necessary.  The grief and hope that stirred in each heart found echo in the voices raised in song and so moved the listeners that the lack of talent upon the part of the singers was quickly forgiven.  As the last words faded away, no few eyes were red with weeping and there were few souls that did not feel hope welling like water behind a dam, ready to burst forth in joy.  
After an interminable silence, the leader said, “I have never heard its like and do not think I shall soon forget it either.  I cannot say you are the best singers I have ever heard but perhaps you sing with the greatest heart I have ever heard put into a song.  Can your friend do half as well?”  
Roth looked stricken, “I know no song of such power and my voice will surely disappoint but I will do what I must.”  
The leader smiled weakly, “perhaps it is not fair to let you go last, as all else by comparison shall seem lacking.  I am willing to say that all of you have passed the test.”  He looked to his men and they vigorously nodded.  He smiled broadly, “I never thought to say this to five complete strangers, but welcome my brothers.  You may now consider yourselves numbered among the Tithbians, though such an honor will last only a year unless you marry into one of the clans and assume your rightful place within our society.  You must also swear an oath before the Chieftain before you are allowed to marry into the clans.”
Phelps nodded, “thank you for allowing us this honor but it is simply the means by which we are allowed to aid you in your time of need.  We are already honor bound to another Master and cannot thus enter properly into your society though we are greatly honored by the prospect.”  
The leader looked stunned, “you put your lives at risk to gain this honor and then deny yourself all the privileges and rights that you have earned?  And you would risk your lives again to come to our aid in battle?  I do not understand you in the least, but I cannot question the sanity of my brothers.  Come, we must outfit you in proper clothes, else you may find yourselves attacked by your new kinsmen who think you armed strangers.  We must also see to finding you mounts that look more like Tithbian horses, though yours certainly have the heart.  I would love to know the breeding of such beasts.”  
Tristan smiled, “they look the part of horses but are a people as free and proud as your own.  You look not upon horses but upon unicorns, though veiled from prying eyes in the guise of ordinary horses.  I think they can accommodate your wishes.”  The Tithbians gaped, not quite believing Tristan’s words until each of the creatures swapped out its non-descript equine appearance to one closer to Tithbian standards.  In the blink of an eye, the rangy looking band became a gathering of the finest bloodstock on the plains.  
Once the leader had overcome his awe he said, “you are certainly a strange folk.  From where do you come, who has sent you, and why do such marvelous creatures allow mere men to sit upon them?”
Tristan tried to explain Astoria and the Brethren but the Tithbians had seen enough legends for one day and could not listen without confusion.  The leader laughed, “we shall perhaps hear you another day.  You are Tithbians and the past does not matter.  Come my friends and let us find you some appropriate attire.”  The Brethren followed the Tithbians back into the village, and after the ransacking of various drawers and wardrobes, enough traditional Tithbian garb was found to outfit the newly christened Tithbians.  The leader smiled, “save for your complexions you look native born to the plains.”  He then tied a red band around each of their left forearms and bid them show this sign to anyone who might question their identity.  “Now,” said the leader, “let us celebrate our new kinship.”  That night the village enjoyed itself thoroughly with much song, food, and many stories.  
In the morning, the Brethren closeted themselves with the local leader of the Tithbians.  “Now what can you tell us of these raiders?” asked Tristan.  
The Tithbian thought for a moment and then said, “once they raided only along the southeastern border until we moved our herds and families away from there.  Now they are wont to appear anywhere along the forested edge of the plain.  We have withdrawn as far into the central portion of Tithbia as we can, but this just drives them further into our lands.  We fight them when we can, but our people are scattered and the thieves roam in one large band and fall upon us ruthlessly.  We often find their scouts at large and dispatch them when we can, but there must be fifty men in the main band and we are spread too thin to attempt such an assault.  If we massed together we would have a better chance of defeating them but a much smaller chance of encountering them.  What can you do to help in such a hopeless situation?”
Tristan thought for a time and then said, “our mounts can communicate with one another over great distances.  Perhaps we five could go abroad as scouts and when one of us encounters this small army, that man can send word to the others via our mounts.  Then we can pass the word on to you and you can assemble your warriors and we can put an end to this piracy.”  
The man nodded, “it seems a good plan to me.  Our problem has been that by the time word reaches enough people that the marauders are in a particular area they have moved on again.  This just might do the trick and I am eager to try it.  I will send riders immediately to the Chieftain and to the leaders of each of the clans; we will be ready to ride when the thieves and murderers are found, then we shall deal them a final blow from which they shall never recover.”  
All agreed to the plan, riders were sent out, and the Tithbian gave each of the Brethren a map of all the major settlements and approximate locations of their roving warriors and herds.  The Brethren would be scattered across the whole face of the plains but with a unicorn’s ability to send simple messages to his fellows, it was a viable plan.  The Brethren waited only long enough to refill their supplies and then quickly rode off in different directions in hopes of finding the bandits.  They searched the ground for some sign that fifty odd horsemen had passed by but found no fresh trail.  The unicorns constantly listened and sniffed the air but found no trace.  Occasionally the five encountered a roving band of herdsmen or warriors and after some explanation and an enthusiastic greeting, were sent on their way with promises to come when called.  Thus did the first few weeks pass.  

Phelps sat his mount on one of the higher hills in the area he currently scouted, looking for some sign of the bandits.  He had decided that he could not wait to return to his comfortable library.  Adventuring was all well and good but he had forgotten just how inconvenient and uncomfortable it all was; he would much rather go about such things vicariously through the words of others set down in books or stories, but he would finish this adventure with an even greater appreciation for the quiet and comfort of his studies.  He wanted to die an old man in his bed, full of years and knowledge.  He was no hero to fall in battle, he had not courage enough.  In his youth he had thought he had, but it was simply foolishness and pride that he mistook for courage.  His unicorn pricked his ears and flared his nostrils.  He sensed horses approaching, many horses.  Phelps smiled eagerly, the time had come for action.  He looked out over the plain and saw the thundering mass of hooves and men rolling away beneath him like some unholy tide.  He had found his quarry, now all that remained was to get away before they saw him and to alert his comrades to his discovery.  
He suddenly felt a great pain in his side and then a jolt as he fell from his saddle.  The world went dark for a moment and he awoke to the screams of his unicorn over his fallen form, daring any to come near.  Phelps glanced at the arrow firmly planted in his chest and knew that he was dying, with perhaps only moments remaining to him.  He felt the intense desire of his beloved companion to trade his life for his master’s.  Phelps argued mentally with the creature and they came to a mutual understanding that if Phelps was spared he would not long survive the onrushing horde and the message would never get through.  However, the unicorn would not be slain as long as he looked and acted a foolish horse: he alone could pass the message along.  The unicorns of the Philosophers tended to be much more thoughtful than their more action prone counterparts and thus did not so easily or rashly disobey their dying masters in such moments.  
The creature nuzzled him gently in farewell and promised to do his duty, though it grieved his heart not to take his master’s place.  Phelps reached out weakly and stroked the velvety nose before lapsing into darkness.  A half dozen soldiers approached the fallen man.  The unicorn stared at them balefully but made no move to prove himself other than a dumb beast.  Two of the men dismounted and approached the fallen rider.  One of the soldiers stabbed the prone form with his sword, which produced no response.  He nodded to his fellow, who grabbed the trailing reins of the seeming horse while the first man searched the body and took anything that might be useful, leaving the rest for the scavengers.  
The unicorn allowed himself to be led quietly away and mentally sought out the closest of his kin to deliver his grievous news.  Aria felt the sending and quickly passed it on to her fellows and Tristan.  At first Tristan was delighted to learn that the brigands had been found at last but when the full meaning of Aria’s message came through his heart was truly grieved.  Philosophers were supposed to die in bed, not on an adventure such as this.  Somehow it seemed a more tragic loss than when a Messenger or Warrior fell because one expected such to happen sooner or later, but a Philosopher?  Aria shook her head and Tristan smiled wryly when he realized her meaning: were they not all warriors to a greater or lesser extent?  The Master had called them all to battle evil and serve Him in their own particular way; they were all deeply entangled in an ageless war.  As the unicorn runs, it was a full three days before the rest of the Brethren would be able to assemble and it would be a good five days for a normal horse.  How were they to keep track of the bandits without Phelps following them at a distance?
Aria snorted in disgust and only then did Tristan remember that the bandits had captured Phelps’ mount; he would happily apprise the others of his current location.  Now all that remained was to wait for the Tithbians to assemble.  Through much back and forth communication, the Brethren were able to establish where the gathering point would be, they also swept up any roving bands of warriors they came across in the interim.  Riders were sent to fetch still others.  So it was, that two hundred of the plainsmen were gathered half a day’s ride from the oncoming raiders.  When all were gathered and organized, they set forth to intercept their long hunted quarry.  
They divided into bands of fifty and approached from four sides, catching their foes in the middle.  The scouts never made it back to the main body to report the oncoming assault.  Thus, it was with much surprise that the bandits found themselves set upon by superior numbers from all sides.  None were spared the sword and small groups were sent out after the main battle to chase down and destroy any that had thought to escape.  Word of what happened to such a number of their men never came back to the Order and it ever remained a mystery, inspiring great dread and fear of the plainsmen and ever after they avoided such encounters if they could.
Phelps became something of a legend among the plainsmen and inspired many a young warrior not to neglect refining his mind as well as his sword technique.  They found Phelps’ unicorn among the string of remounts and once loosed, he led them to the place where his master had fallen.  They buried their friend and again the haunting song of death and hope ever afterwards floated on the air.  The Tithbians were curious about the Brethren and listened to their many stories of the Master and the Truth, but they were still leery of outsiders and their ways even after recent events, and it was long before ever they listened willingly to the Brethren who crossed the plains in hopes of sharing their message.  
Their work done, the four Brethren gladly turned homeward.  They were many days upon the road and well back into the forested east when the unicorns suddenly stopped with ears pricked and nostrils flaring; their unease filled their riders’ minds: something was not right.  The road behind and ahead was suddenly filled with Knights of the Order and more appeared in the woods alongside the road, many had arrows nocked and ready.  The four men raised their hands and made no move towards their weapons.  
Cold laughter filled the morning air as the leader of the band rode forward, “Roth my old friend, I see we meet again and you have brought company.  I am very eager to hear your tale.  How is it you managed to escape my patrols?  I had half of the Order out hunting you.  I congratulate you on your temporary success but now it is at an end.”  
Roth looked defiantly at the man who had put him through so much for no apparent reason, “why do you continue to torment me?  Is it not enough that I quietly left the Order after properly resigning?”  
The evil man laughed coldly, “as I said, the Order is nothing but a tool, as are you.  I do not give up easily when I want something and either you will join me or meet a bitter end.”
“I have found my place,” said Roth simply.  
The vile man hissed, “so it seems, but perhaps I can put your new friends to some use before I have you all killed for treachery against the Order.  Come, let us get off the road and find a more comfortable place where we can talk.”  
The Brethren were not eager to comply but had little choice in the matter.  They allowed their weapons to be taken and their hands to be bound behind their backs, but the unicorns refused to be led.  The dark man laughed at the beasts and let them follow on their own.  They rode for a good hour before coming to a large encampment and there dismounted.  The man led them off to one side for a private conversation; the unicorns followed, throwing fierce glances upon all the strangers about them.  He motioned for all but two of the guards accompanying them to begin breaking camp, for they must leave soon as time was short.  
He then faced his unwilling guests, “I take from the behavior of your mounts and various other little details I have heard or observed that you, my dear friend, have taken up with the Brethren.  I should just kill you outright for such an allegiance and your stubborn persistence in clinging to it, but seldom do we get the chance to study our ancient enemies so closely.”  
“Ancient enemies?” asked Tristan, “The Order is not that old.”  
The stranger spat, “it is not of the Order I speak.  You would like to know my allegiance I am sure, but I will not give you the privilege of that information, but know that there are those who have opposed the Brethren and the Master since the Beginning.  Now, I have heard many rumors and legends regarding your faithful companions and have a few questions to ask.”  
“And what makes you think that we shall talk?” asked Turin.  
The evil man laughed, “if you do not wish to answer I shall simply kill you.”  
Turin smiled grimly, “and how many of your men are you willing to lose for the honor of killing us?”
The stranger asked, “and how are you to accomplish this?”  
Turin said, “if you kill us there is nothing to restrain our mounts from seeking their own form of justice.  I think you and at least half your men may die before the creatures are slain.”  
This did not sit well with their captor, “perhaps I must have them killed first?”  
Turin shook his head, “if that is the case then they shall not wait for us to die before falling upon you.”  
“Why then do they hold back now?” asked the man.  
Turin said, “as there is still hope that we might find some way out of this situation they wait patiently to see what will happen.  But I would do nothing to garner their wrath were I you.”  
The man looked truly irritated, “did I not have pressing matters elsewhere I would find some way around this little inconvenience but at this time I cannot afford to lose even one man lest unwelcome questions be directed my way.  If you answer my questions and cooperate, perhaps you shall have your freedom.  This is not mercy but necessity.  I shall hunt you all down and destroy you later, at a time more convenient to myself.”  
The Brethren exchanged looks, wondering what the man was up to.  Tristan said, “very well, ask your questions and we will answer as we may, but we will do nothing to betray the Master or our Oaths.”  
The man laughed derisively, “I care nothing for such drivel, let us begin.  Now it is said that your beasts have the ability to heal anything, perhaps even death itself.  Is this true?”  
Tristan said, “they cannot heal death but may at their choosing take on a mortal wound or illness from another, thus sparing the man’s life at the cost of their own.”  
The man looked thoughtful, “they have no magical ability to heal otherwise?  Their horns or hide or tears or blood cannot heal?”  
Tristan shook his head, “their powers are inborn to the creatures themselves and once the unicorn dies, it fades away leaving nothing behind save perhaps a few drops of blood.  The various parts of the unicorn have no intrinsic magical value of themselves and are of no use to anyone wishing to pursue such arcane purposes.”
The man bared one leg to reveal a stinking and seeping wound that spoke of chronicity and never quite healing.  He said, “I have had this fetid lesion for well over a year and have never been able to rid myself of it.  Can your beasts heal me somehow?”  
Turin shook his head, “they will not take such a wound from any but their riders.  Even if you threaten to kill us if they refuse, they will fight to try and save our lives but will not take the wound even if we all die in the process.  It is their greatest gift and they will not use it save at the last end of need for those who are dearest to them.  They will not negotiate with evil.”  
The man looked to his prisoners grimly, “this news is not pleasing to me and I begin to reconsider my offer.  What of their blood?  Does it not play some part in your precious Oath-taking?  What other properties does it have?”  
“No!” cried Tristan loudly, “You cannot do such a thing.”  The man looked offended by Tristan’s temerity and nodded to a guard, who cuffed Tristan upside the head with a gauntleted hand.  Aria screamed and tried to run forward as Tristan fell unconscious but Turin ordered her to wait.  She laid her ears back but complied, however unwillingly.  
The man grinned coldly, “you will use proper respect in addressing me.  Now why is your friend so adamant that I not do such a thing?”  
Turin said, “during the taking of the Oath, a drop of blood from a willing unicorn is taken on the tongue.  It is symbolic of the blood the Master shed for us.  I do not think there are any special properties about the blood itself; it is the attitude of the applicant towards the Master that is the true source of our Oath and the peculiar abilities attendant thereunto.”  
“But you are not certain?” asked the stranger.  Turin shook his head.  The man smiled, “we shall see what use we can make of your suppositions.”  
Turin shook his head, “it is foolish to play with things you do not understand.  Who knows what will happen if you try such a thing with an arrogant heart or take blood from an unwilling unicorn?  Nothing could happen or the consequences could be dire.”  
The man laughed darkly, “that is why I will try it on others first.  Perhaps you would volunteer?”  
Turin scoffed, “I am already sworn to the Master and I doubt it would have any effect on me.”  
The man nodded, “perhaps you are right, but I must know.  My faithful guards will have to suffice.  It would be of great furtherance to our cause to gain the abilities given only to the Brethren.  Can you imagine what we could accomplish with your lifespans alone?”  
Turin shook his head, “it is not the blood but the Master’s power in us that allows for such blessings.”  
The man smiled in condescension, “you said you are unsure, therefore I must try.  How shall I collect a sample?  I could kill one of the creatures but I suppose that would negate any power in the blood?”  He turned to the four creatures and said, “I need a blood sample from one of you.  You can spare your masters their lives if you cooperate else I am afraid you will all die.”  
Turin said, “this shall avail you nothing.”  
The man smiled coldly, “if it is as useless as you seem to think then it shall be no different than taking blood from a cow or a horse.  Quit grumbling, it is not as if this shall bring down the wrath of the gods!”  “Now,” said he to the unicorns, “will one of you give me a few drops or must I spill the blood of all?”  The creatures just stood there.
He motioned and one of the guards drew his dagger and approached the prone form of Tristan.  Aria screamed and rage stormed in her eyes.  “You wish to volunteer my dear?” asked the man of the enraged Aria, “Else I shall have his throat cut.”  She snorted in disgust and stepped forward.  He laughed and said to Turin, “I thought you said they will not negotiate with evil?”  
Turin said grimly, “a few drops of blood is a small enough price to spare the life of her friend, but she will never take that horrid wound upon herself for so evil a heart.”  
The man shrugged, “fair enough.”  
The guard left Tristan and approached the unicorn.  She quivered with suppressed rage and her tail flicked violently but she let the man approach.  A quick stab into the muscles between her front legs yielded a few precious drops of blood, which were caught in a glass vial.  Eyeing them balefully, Aria withdrew and rejoined her fellow unicorns.  
The man smiled, “excellent.  Now to test our theory.”  He motioned for the guard to step forward but the man refused.  The evil man sighed, “you will do this or I shall have your head.  The worst it shall do is kill you and I shall do that if you refuse.”  
With this for encouragement the man nervously approached.  The Brethren watched in silent horror, such a thing seemed blasphemous in their eyes.  The guard dipped his finger, shut his eyes, and took the blood on his tongue.  He made a face at the bitter tang but otherwise nothing happened.  
The vile man frowned, “perhaps you are right, but as it is not fatal I shall try it myself just to be sure.”  He did as the guard had done, but instead of simply a bitter taste, it felt as if he had tried to drink acid.  It burned his mouth terribly.  Apparently unicorn blood did not mesh well with the evil vows that bound him to the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  The Brethren watched as their captor sputtered and clutched futilely at his mouth.  A guard went running and returned with a waterskin from which the suffering man took a desperate drink and rinsed the burning fluid from his mouth.  
Once he had recovered himself sufficiently he glared at his captives and said, “if I could kill you this day I would, but that pleasure must wait.  I am needed in Panmycea and have no time to waste.  Take your weapons and your vile mounts and be gone, but know that I will come for you one day.”  He motioned for one of the guards to cut the bonds of the Brethren but called the other to him and whispered quietly, “our men are fully packed and ready to ride?”  The guard nodded.  The man then said, “good, have them withdraw into the cover of the woods and form a perimeter around the camp and our prisoners.  Once we are all safely mounted, kill man and beast with arrows.”  
The man nodded and went to inform his comrades of the new plan.  He smiled as he walked off, not having liked the idea of letting the traitors go free.  Their captor climbed into his saddle and quickly rode out of sight.  The Brethren retrieved their weapons and then lifted the yet unconscious Tristan into the saddle in front of Turin.  The last of the soldiers was just disappearing into the surrounding woods when Turin said, “I do not like this.”  The unicorns, sensing an ambush, wasted no time in revealing their true forms.  The horses went mad before the first of the arrows could be loosed.  The Brethren were quickly in their saddles and vanished from sight.  With the unicorns gone, the horses quieted.  Wishing he had time to pursue his quarry, the dark man motioned for his men to ride for Panmycea with all haste.  It was merely chance that had brought them upon the four; he had hoped to somehow gain by the fools, but they were of no great importance and would keep until he had time to deal with them properly.  He smiled with anticipation as he wheeled his horse and rode south with all speed.  He must not be late.  His men followed but dared not ask or say anything regarding recent events though inside they wondered what had just happened.

The Brethren rode quickly away and did not stop until they had put much distance between themselves and the Order.  Tristan finally began to stir and awoke with a start.  Turin quickly explained matters and the dazed man relaxed visibly.  Aria trotted alongside Turin’s mount and Tristan wasted no time in leaping into his own saddle.  Turin laughed and shook his head, “are you not a little old for such things?  You just spent the better part of three hours unconscious after a blow to the head!”  
Tristan laughed, “I suppose I should be more careful and it would have served me right to have landed on my head.  I shall take it under consideration, but can make no promises.”  The others smiled in relief to see that no greater harm had come of their recent adventures than a little anguish of heart.  Tristan sobered, “what do you think was so important that our nameless friend could not risk wasted time or controversy?”  
Roth said, “the only thing I can imagine that would draw him away in such haste would be that they are naming a new Master of the High Council of the Order.  I do not know his name but he is a very important man within the Order and would be a potential candidate as the next leader of the entire Order.”  The others shared worried looks.  
Turin said, “I do not think that would be of benefit to anyone.  I do not know who these vile friends are of which he speaks, but they cannot have the best interests of anyone save themselves in mind.  The Order is bad enough without the likes of him in command!”  
Tristan nodded, “we must look into this and act if we can.  Dorn and Roth can continue on to Astoria and inform the Lady while Turin and I shall ride to Panmycea to see what we can do.”  They made their farewells and Turin and Tristan turned and rode back the way they had come.


Chapter 5

Dorn and Roth watched their friends ride off then continued on their journey home.  The sun was setting as they thought about finding a place to stop for the night.  A trio of farmers trying to uproot a great stump alongside the road watched the pair ride by and then turn off into the surrounding woods.  One of the men smiled, “I think one of those fellows is the same man those soldiers in the village were looking for.  I wonder what kind of a reward they’re offering for the man?  I’ll just run off to the inn and see what we can get for the fellow.  You two wait here and make sure they don’t ride off.”  The others nodded as the farmer dashed off to the inn.  He found the patrol sitting at a table watching with sloppy grins as one of their number tried to entertain his fellows with a song.  They were all well into their cups.  He let the man finish his song and then let the laughter die down before approaching one of the men.  He removed his hat and nervously crumpled it in his hands.  “Good evening sir,” said the farmer, “may I have a word with you?”  
The drunken soldier faced his interrogator and said, “if you must but make it quick.  I have no time for useless fellows like you.”  
The farmer said, “I remember you and your fellows asking after a certain wanted man this morning.  Is there some sort of reward if the common people like myself should catch him and bring him to you?”  
The soldier laughed, “yeah, we take the prisoner and the credit and you lot get to keep your pathetic lives.  Have you seen him?”  
The farmer shuddered, “no, it was only a hypothetical question.”  
The soldier slurred, “then get out of my face, you and your hypothetical questions both!”  
The man fled before the soldier grew more annoyed or perhaps violent.  Before leaving the village however, he gathered up a few more friends, a wagon, and a few weapons.  If the soldiers would not give them their proper due for capturing the man, perhaps the man’s superiors would see that they got what they deserved.
It had been an exhausting day and the two Brethren fell gratefully into their blankets.  The unicorns grazed not far off and would keep an adequate watch for the night.  Not long before midnight, the creaking of a wagon was heard along the road, which in itself was nothing significant.  But when it stopped and six men came barging into the little camp and held the Brethren at sword point, matters became much more worrisome.  The two men awoke with a start to find six drawn swords in their faces.  Their attackers looked to be a motley collection of farmers, craftsmen, and villagers.  
“Come along then,” said one scruffy fellow, “or we will be forced to become violent.”  The Brethren exchanged amused looks and slowly got to their feet. 
 “And who might you be?” asked Dorn.  
“I will ask the questions here,” scowled the scruffy man.  
“This is rather embarrassing,” said Dorn, “being captured once is bad enough, but twice in one day?”  
Roth smiled grimly, “I see your point, but none of this would have happened if not for me.  Am I correct in assuming that you brave fellows are hoping to turn me in for some sort of reward?”  
The scruffy man nodded, “there is a patrol of men looking for you at the inn yonder, but they will not give us anything for turning you in, thus we are taking you to headquarters itself and there hope to make our fortune.”  
Roth laughed, “and you think the leaders of this outfit will treat you with any more respect than their meanest servants?  If you make such demands you will be lucky to escape with your lives.”  
The man shrugged, “I doubt it.  They are putting a lot of effort into finding you, I think rather they will thank us greatly for ending all their troubles.  Hand over your weapons.”  The Brethren exchanged a questioning glance but they were far outnumbered and though the weapons were old and in the hands of villagers, they were still deadly.  Reluctantly they did as they were told, their hands were bound, and they were told to duck quietly into the back of the wagon.
“What about their horses?” asked one of the conspirators.  The men looked about but could find no trace of the unicorns.  
Dorn smiled, “you will waste your time trying to find them.  They are loose and will not come to any save ourselves and certainly not with such a host of strangers about.”  
“Fine,” growled the scruffy man, “we will take you two and be on our way.”  The wagon rattled off into the night and the captives tried to find what sleep they could.  They stopped only long enough to rest the team, otherwise they pressed ever onwards.  It was a relentless journey and most of it was spent in the stifling wagon bed.  They were only allowed out to answer nature’s call and then for a few minutes of exercise each evening.  They had tried discussing their plans to escape but their captors were adamant that the captives should not be allowed to conspire with one another and thus gagged both men.  Time marched on slowly and painfully and finally they drew near to their destination.  
The scruffy man lifted the tarp covering the wagon bed and said, “you two had best behave yourselves.  We are almost there.  I do not think it will go well for you if you misbehave.”
Dorn could feel his stallion following at a distance and though he was anxious for his master’s current situation he did not seem overly concerned.  If they were approaching Panmycea, Dorn would have expected the unicorns to be frantic.  On their brief excursions each evening, the terrain also looked very different from what he remembered around Panmycea.  If he did not know better he would have thought they were on the road to Astoria but that made no sense at all.  Suddenly the wagon stopped and Dorn heard the approach of hooves once the rumbling of the wagon had ceased.  He also heard the voice of their scruffy captor speaking with whomever it was that had approached the wagon.  They must have come upon a patrol.  
Perhaps he was going mad but he thought he recognized the voice that said, “and what brings you fine gentlemen hither?”  
The scruffy man said, “just some humble tradesmen my good sir.”  
Gathir said, “you do not speak the truth.  You shall not go farther until you tell me your true business.”  
The scruffy man scowled, “we have gone through much trouble to capture these fugitives and we are here to get the reward that is owed us.”  
“Fugitives?” asked Gathir, “We are not currently in the market for fugitives.”  
The scruffy man laughed, “your comrades patrol half the known world in search of this deserter and you know nothing of him?  This is nonsense, let us by that we may deal with those who know what happens within their own country.”  
“Has someone broken Oath?” asked the confused Gathir, “I have not heard of such a thing nor of a writ for their capture.”  
The scruffy man sighed, “then take me to someone who does!”  As this argument was going on, a pair of stray horses trotted up and began making quite a fuss.  The farmers stared at the beasts in confusion while the Brethren seemed to understand.  
Gathir laughed, “I fear you have made a mistake my friends.  You had best show us these captives of yours.”  
The scruffy man drew himself up, “you have no right and I will not allow it.”  The six farmers all reached for their swords but thought better of it when the Brethren reached for their own.  They were evenly matched and it was obvious that the Brethren were far more experienced than their unwitting foes.
“Very well,” growled the scruffy man, “you may look at them, but they are my prisoners and I will not turn them over to you unless you promise that I receive my due for catching the villains.”  
Gathir smiled grimly, “let us see just who it is that you have captured and then perhaps you will not be so desirous to gain what is warranted for your actions.”  The farmer looked skeptical but motioned for his fellows to throw back the canvas that covered the wagon bed.  Gathir smiled knowingly when he met eyes with Roth and Dorn.  He said, “it seems you pick quite a humble means of returning to Astoria my friends.”  He turned to the farmers, “you will have to release your captives, there has been some mistake here; I am afraid these men are not guilty of anything, save for perhaps a failure to keep a proper watch about their camp.”  
The man gaped, “but we went to much trouble to capture and bring them here!  How can you say they are not guilty, do you not hunt them halfway across the world?”  
Gathir shook his head, “you must take it up with the Lady if you wish to argue, but I cannot allow you to keep my comrades captive for no just cause.  Loose them.”  The farmer looked quite put out but could do little but comply; he most certainly would take this up with the Lady.  Finally free of their bonds, the two former captives climbed gratefully from the wagon bed and began working knotted and cramped muscles.  Their mounts trotted happily over and nuzzled them thoroughly.  They found their tack in the wagon bed and two of the farmers reluctantly returned their weapons.  Gathir laughed, “perhaps you would escort your friends here to the Lady?  I must continue my patrol.”  
Dorn laughed, “thank you my friend.  I am happy to be home, though I don’t know why we are here rather than at the gates of Panmycea?”
Gathir smiled, “I think enough people confuse the Order and the Brethren that your friends did not know where to properly dispose of you.  For once such a confusion has been to our benefit.”  
Dorn smiled wryly, “it is a great mercy to be brought to Astoria but I think that arriving in Panmycea as we arrived here would have been far less embarrassing.”  
Gathir nodded sagely, “just consider it an exercise in humility.  Farewell my friends!”  Two of the men from the patrol remained to help escort the farmers into the city while the others rode off.  
“I do not understand,” said the scruffy farmer to Dorn, “what just happened?”  
Dorn chuckled, “you have confused the Brethren with the Order of the Unicorn, as so many have before you, though we share little in common.  My friend here is wanted by the Order, but for no just cause thus the Lady will not turn him over to them.  You have brought us to Astoria, which is home to the Brethren, among whom we are numbered.  You should have taken us to Panmycea, which is home to the Order, but I do not think you would have received a reward from them either.  If you wish to speak to the Lady on such matters we shall escort you in, but I am also willing to let you leave now if you do not wish for such an audience.”  
The farmers exchanged disappointed looks and scruffy said, “we shall meet this Lady of yours.  We came all the way here and I hope it was not in vain.”  Dorn nodded and the Brethren formed up around the wagon and began the slow ride towards the city.
They left the wagon outside the city and all six of the villagers chose to meet with the Lady, if only to say that they had met such a seemingly important person.  Dorn looked at Roth and smiled, if he looked half as unshaven and unkempt, neither of them would be fit to enter the Lady’s presence.  The farmers were not happy to have to abandon their weapons to the guards, but did as they were told.  They waited impatiently as a servant ran to inquire after the Lady’s availability.  She called for them immediately.  The four Brethren made their bows and the farmers gaped in amazement and dismay, for they had never seen a woman who inspired such awe and reverence simply by sitting still.  
She motioned for them to stand before her and said to the farmers, “I hear you have badly mishandled two of my servants of late.  By the look of them that is certainly the case.  However no harm was done thus I see no reason to pursue this matter further, but in the future kindly refrain from treating them with so little respect.  These men are not guilty of any crime and thus shall not be treated as criminals or handed over to the Order.  The Order hunts one of them unjustly and they will not have him can I help it.  You are welcome to stay here for a time and rest if you wish.”  
“What about our reward?” asked the scruffy man.  
The Lady smiled grimly, “there is no reward, save that I do not charge you with mishandling my servants.”  
The man paled, “you could do that?”  
She nodded, “you were misguided when you perpetrated these actions but holding anyone against their will for an unjust cause is usually considered a crime by most civilized nations.  Thus I shall be merciful.”  
He took his hat in his hands and crushed it nervously, “I thank you for your grace my Lady.  It shall not happen again.”  
She nodded, “very well, why not go and refresh yourselves.  You may stay or go at your leisure.”  
The men gave awkward bows and were escorted out by the two patrolmen.  The Lady then faced Dorn and Roth alone, “what has come of matters in Tithbia and where are your comrades?”  Dorn quickly told their tale and of Tristan’s desire to go to Panmycea.  She was grieved by the loss of Phelps but heartened by their success in Tithbia.  The account of their encounter with the vile man from the Order puzzled her greatly.  She nodded, “Tristan chose rightly, but I hope he does not find himself in over his head.  Roth, I am afraid I must either keep you in Astoria until the Order quits hunting you or else send you to the ends of the earth where they shall not find you.”  
Roth said, “I do not think I will do very well confined to the city for what might be years Lady.  Send me to the antipodes if you must but please do not cage me.”  
She smiled, “congratulations, you are our new envoy to Goonia.  I think it fitting that Dorn go with you as he was one of those that discovered that strange country.  Take what time you need to rest and prepare for such a journey but leave soon ere the weather makes passage of the mountains impossible.  You are to see what has come of that peculiar country in the last fifty years and see of what assistance we might be, if any.”  The two bowed themselves from her presence and went to clean up.   Finally presentable, the pair went in search of their captors.  They found them at the noon meal.  The farmers looked nervous upon their approach but soon relaxed enough to chat a bit about Astoria and the Brethren.  
The scruffy man said, “I had thought it all legend and hearsay.  To think I actually met the Lady!”  
Dorn laughed, “and also captured two of her legendary servants, which is quite a feat in itself.”  
The man smiled, “if I were younger I would perhaps stay on to learn a thing or two, but at my age such adventure is best left to others.”
Dorn said, “if it is age alone that holds you back then fear not.  I am in my mid-sixties if that is any consolation.”  
The farmer gaped, “how is this accomplished?”  
Dorn smiled, “the years touch the Brethren much more lightly than other men, though we may not live to the full three hundred years allotted us, as it is a very dangerous life.”  
“I shall think on it,” said the scruffy man but there was a light of eagerness in his eyes.  In the end, two of their captors stayed on in Astoria while the other four went home.  Dorn and Roth rested for a few days, but soon enough were on their way west towards the Impassable Mountains and the strange land of Goonia beyond.

Tristan and Turin donned clothes befitting the peasantry of Panmycea and joined the throngs moving towards that infamous city.  It seemed half the population of the country was bound for the capital.  There was indeed a great happening afoot and many were the rumors that floated about as to what this election of a new Master of the High Council might portend and who might be selected.  It seemed that the previous Master of the High Council had resigned his position and quietly disappeared after some great and secret endeavor had failed miserably.  Tristan mused as to whether this might have been their schemes upon Tithbia Plain.  Whatever happened, the event was sure to provide much celebration and merriment to the common folk: a thing rarely done in such a solemn and somber country.
The guards upon the gate looked disdainfully upon the passing throngs but paid the Brethren no heed.  The inns were packed and there was not a room to be had.  They were forced to seek refuge in the hayloft of a decrepit old stable where perhaps even the rats thought twice about dwelling.  After stowing their gear, they then went in search of more news about what was happening in the city.  It seemed their vile friend had already arrived and had been selected as the new Master of the High Council and there was nothing the two Brethren could do about it.  The next week would be given over to celebrations in his honor.  As they were walking back to their stable, strong arms gripped their shoulders and turned them both around to face their captors.  They faced a full dozen men of the Order. 
“Evening gentlemen,” said the leader of the band, “you are cordially invited to the Feast of Commons where our esteemed new leader will dine with the common folk and afterwards you shall regale the assembled masses with comments about the Master of the High Council’s generous and jovial nature.”  
“Does he know us?” asked the cautious Turin.  
The man laughed, “of course not, we are simply out randomly recruiting.  Come along else we shall be late.”  
The Brethren exchanged a curious glance and had no choice but to follow their captors.  As they walked back to the Citadel, the soldiers gathered up another half dozen men and women to fill their quota of ‘guests’ for the coming feast.  In all, twenty peasants were so invited and were seated at a long table in the courtyard of the Citadel.  The master appeared with much pomp and ceremony and the meal began after a speech that was far too long and said absolutely nothing.  The whole purpose of the meal was to prove to the common folk of Panmycea that their new leader was a man of the people.  The master glanced around the table and was quite surprised to see the two Brethren among his guests, but he could do little about their presence at the moment.  After more speeches and flowery words, the meal was finished and the guests were escorted to a raised platform where each was to sing the praises of the Master of the High Council and the Order.  Each person rattled off much meaningless praise for their host to the assembled masses.  
Tristan’s turn came and the master watched him keenly, knowing the man could not lie without breaking Oath.  Tristan smiled sheepishly and said, “we have just attended a banquet most graciously provided by our hosts and many exciting and inspirational things were spoken and I hope to see it come to pass.  As a new leader is elected and begins his duties let us look forward to the future with hope and joy that perhaps the days will be better for having him at our head.”
The soldier behind Tristan nudged him in the ribs with the hilt of his sword and snarled, “say something praising the master.” 
Tristan smiled, “and in closing, I remind each of you to trust with all your hearts in the Master and His promises and you will not go wrong.”  Tristan only wished those hearing him knew of which Master he spoke.  Turin made some similarly vague comments before the guests were dismissed back to whatever errands the banquet had interrupted.  
Under the eyes of the gathered crowd, the new master could not arrest the Brethren but he approached and said quietly, “come to interfere in my business again?  You did quite well in avoiding an overt lie but I know you did not sing my praises as you were bidden.”  
Tristan shook his head ruefully, “we came simply to see what was happening and there is little we can do to interfere however much we would wish it.  I can only ever tell the truth, even if it is not to your liking.”  
The master said, “and where is your friend the outlaw?”  
Turin said, “he and our other companion are well on their way to Astoria.”  
The master smiled grimly, “I am yet deprived of revenge but fear not.  Soon I shall make a tour of the various Kingdoms and will not fail to stop in Astoria and demand my due.  Please tell your Lady to expect my coming.”  He turned on his heel and walked regally away.  The Brethren exchanged looks and quickly made their way out of the city before they could be detained more permanently.  They rode swiftly to Astoria with their tidings.  The Lady was not pleased to hear of her imminent visitor but was happy she had sent Roth to the other side of the world.
The master and his minions were not long in keeping their promise.  They arrived in Astoria with all pomp and the Lady received him with due ceremony upon the fields surrounding the city as he did not trust the Brethren enough to enter their stronghold.  “Ah,” said he, “the famed Lady of Astoria.”  
She would have shuddered at his approach, for evil rolled off of him in waves, but long practice allowed her hide her disgust.  “And to what do we owe your visit?” asked she with all the regality that two centuries of practice can bestow.  
The man smiled villainously, “it is tradition for the newly appointed Master of the High Council to make a tour of the nations and thus have I deigned to meet with you.  I also come to demand that you hand over the outlaw who currently resides within your bounds.”  
The Lady laughed, “he is off on another mission on the other side of the world, even were he present I would not give him unjustly into your clutches.”  
The master shook his head grimly, “there shall be no peace betwixt us until the man is firmly in my custody.”  
The Lady said quietly, “never has there been peace between us and never shall there be until you and the Order show proper respect for the rights of others and see that justice is truly done.”  
The man scowled, “justice shall be done when your kind is expunged from the earth!  Farewell!”  He stormed out of the tent used for the meeting and retreated to his own tent and sulked until his men had packed, that they might continue their journey.  The Lady watched them go sadly, wondering what this might portend.

 
Dorn was not sure how he felt about returning to the strange land of Goonia.  Visiting a place where one had previously been a slave was not something he looked forward to, yet he was eager to see what the residents had made of their country in the ensuing years.  The Brethren had had sporadic contact with the country as they sent Teachers to help as they could but communication was difficult at best.  It was known that the country had suffered greatly in the last half century with an epidemic of plague and several years of crop failures and harsh winters that resulted in wide-spread starvation, which had caused many of the survivors to leave and see if they could not find an easier life elsewhere.  The Lady sent a Teacher called Loran to Goonia a decade ago but nothing had been heard from him in three years.  The Lady had waited patiently for some word but none ever came, it was time to find out what was going on in that strange country.  
Roth and Dorn rode quickly and avoided any potential contact with the Order.  The year was growing old and soon the weather might trap them in Goonia for the winter if it did not catch them trying to cross the mountains.  Their last stop before attempting the mountains was in a village that had not been there fifty years ago on Dorn's previous visit.  Most of its populace were Goonians who had left their homeland at some point in the last half century or their descendants.  The villagers were very eager to hear of their relatives still living on the other side of the mountains and were very happy to assist the Brethren in preparing for their journey.  It seemed the villagers had had no word from their kin in the last three years either.  The morning of their attempt to cross the mountains arrived and the villagers bid them an eager farewell with many wishes of an easy journey and a swift return.
 The weather remained relatively mild for the duration of their journey through the Impassable Mountains and soon enough they found themselves coming down the western slopes into the land that Dorn never quite forgot.  They rode through what had been civilized country but had been reclaimed by the wilderness in the last twenty years, judging by the growth of the trees.  It was a macabre ride as they progressed along the overgrown road and passed crumbling farmhouses: all witnesses to the sharp decline in population suffered by Goonia in the last few decades.  As they neared what had been the capital city, the assault upon cultivated lands by nature continued but here the invaders were only a few years old.  There had been people here to hold back the wilderness within the last five years.  The capital city itself was beginning to show signs of abandonment and weathering.  Climbing vines clung to the once proud walls while in many places stones had come loose or fallen to the ground.  Roofs sagged and doors hung on their hinges, creaking forlornly in the wind.  Wild creatures lurked in the shadows and haunted the abandoned streets where once men had walked.  
They approached the castle and rode into the courtyard through the gaping gates.  The whole time they saw no sign that anyone yet lived in this stricken land.  They were about to dismount and explore the castle when the unicorns pricked their ears and glanced about in alarm.  They were not alone.  The Brethren reached for their swords as the gates swung shut, trapping them in the courtyard.  Figures armed with bows appeared upon the walls.  The unicorns reared and screamed a challenge, ready to unleash their fury upon their unnamed foes.  "You are not welcome here!" said a male voice though seemingly very young, "Drop your weapons and dismount, else we will be forced to shoot and ask questions later."  The Brethren exchanged a desperate look and did as they were told.  The man who had spoken stepped out of the shadows with two armed men behind him.  All three were little more than boys.
 The two guards retrieved the abandoned weapons and their leader asked, "who are you and what business do you have in this forsaken city?"  The archers upon the walls kept their arrows aimed at the two men but Dorn could see that they were even younger than their leader.  
He said, "we were sent to see what was passing in Goonia and to give any aid that was needed."  
The boy laughed bitterly, "no one remembers us, save those who would be our enemies and take advantage of what little is left to us.  Who sent you?  And who would care to remember us?"  
Dorn said simply, "we were sent by the Lady of Astoria.  It is our duty to remember and aid all people who inhabit the earth.  We had not heard from you in three years and the Lady thought it time we discover why."  
The boy sheathed his sword and motioned for the archers to relax and the guards to return their weapons.  "The Brethren?" said the boy, "Old tales speak much of your kind and the few of you that have crossed the mountains are held in high regard by my people."  
Dorn looked around sadly, "what has happened here?  I know that you have suffered greatly with plague, famine, and many have fled, but has it completely destroyed your country?"  
The boy looked grim, "any who could leave did and the rest were left to survive as best they could but numbers gradually dwindled and the wilderness reclaimed much of our land.  We were holding our own when the bandits came.  A horde of men crossed the mountains fleeing those that hunted them and came upon what remained of our people.  The fighting was intense and both sides lost many.  The surviving bandits put everyone over the age of sixteen to the sword and left the children to starve.  That was three years ago and I was fourteen at the time.  I wanted to join in the fighting but I was sent away to protect the children.  Everyone I loved died that day.  As the eldest I became the leader and tried to keep everyone alive, but our crops were destroyed by the bandits and our livestock slain.  We survive but barely, many of the younger and weaker children have succumbed to hunger or disease.  We do not hope to survive the coming winter."
 "A grievous tale," said Dorn, "and a terrible end for a once great country."  
"You have been here before?" asked the boy.  
Dorn smiled ruefully, "I was little more than a boy at the time.  We stumbled upon your people unwittingly fifty years ago and for a time, I and my companions were nothing more than slaves.  But things turned out for the best and I had hoped your little country had a bright future ahead of it, but it seems I was wrong.  How many of you are there?"  
The boy said, "there are eleven of us left but soon we shall be naught but a memory.  Our feeble attempts at growing crops failed this year and this winter we shall starve.  As it is we survive only by what we can gather or hunt in the surrounding woods."  
"Why not leave?" asked Roth.  
The boy smiled grimly, "we have no horses to bear the youngest and we would not leave them behind."  
"Would you leave had you a way to move everyone across the mountains?" asked Dorn.  
The boy smiled, "we would gladly leave this lingering death but how can you promise to move us all, especially before the weather turns and traps us all here or in the passes?"  
Dorn smiled, "our mounts could bear three young riders each and the rest of us must go afoot.  I cannot promise the weather will hold but this chance is better than waiting here to starve."  
The boy smiled, "we have five that will need to ride and the rest can manage afoot.  We shall leave at once."  Dorn had expected a cheer or perhaps laughter or at least a smile from the other children but he saw only grim determination written on every face.  Knowing what they had lived through he could not blame their serious approach to life though it grieved him to see such grimness on the faces of children that should be laughing and singing nonsense songs.  Perhaps time would ease their hearts.  Within half an hour they were packed and ready to go, they set out immediately, for the weather might turn at any moment.
The unicorns were not usually eager to carry riders other than their masters but there was something in the plight of these desperate children that made them willing to bear the refugees without argument.  Dorn could not believe that they had even survived this long.  He was saddened by what had come to pass in Goonia but eager to help these last few survivors find a better life.  Such was the terrain that traveling afoot did not slow their progress all that much.  Besides being trapped in the passes by the coming storms of winter, the other danger of the mountains was starvation.  They had little food and would have been in desperate straits had not the unicorns aided their hunting efforts.  The creatures could track an elk or deer by scent and approach almost silently, thus allowing one of the Brethren to take the animal with an arrow.  
The weather held until the last day of their journey, when a storm dropped much snow on the weary travelers.  They pressed onwards through the knee-deep snow as night caught them, but they could not risk such a night in the open as the snow began to fall anew and the wind howled strong and cold.  The lights of the village appeared and led them out of the mounting blizzard else they might have wandered lost in the dark until they succumbed to exhaustion or cold.  The weary refugees and their rescuers gathered in the inn and the curious townsfolk crowded around them, eager for news.  Once the children had been given dry clothing and a warm meal, the tale could be told.  The villagers were distraught to learn of the gradual dwindling and eventual fall of Goonia but were overjoyed to take in this last, sturdy generation of the stricken country.  Most of the younger children found kin among the villagers who kindly offered them a new home and a second chance at life.  The two eldest boys, including the leader of the band, were old enough to make their own way in the world and showed an interest in accompanying the Brethren to Astoria to see what that fabled city had to offer.
 "I want to avenge my people," said Ulen firmly.  
Dorn said, "you have done an excellent job keeping your fellows alive these last few years and it is understandable how you feel, but do not throw your life away on such a vain quest."  
Ulen said, "how do you know it is vain?  Do I not have a right to exact justice for my slain kin?"  
Dorn nodded, "justice will be done one way or another, but it is probably not your place to mete it out.  If you wish to accompany us you will learn many things, and I hope you will learn the difference between revenge and justice."  
The former leader of the children said, "I will learn the sword and all else you have to teach me.  But I do not think you shall dissuade me from seeking my due."  
Dorn nodded sadly, "I hope you are wrong."  
The other boy said, "what is wrong with seeking revenge?"  
Dorn said, "revenge is no better than what the bandits inflicted upon your people.  Justice must be handed out objectively and fairly to all involved.  After so long, tracking down these criminals will be very difficult and it would be easy to mistakenly punish those who have no part in your tragedy."  
The boy looked grieved, "then how is justice ever done?"  
Dorn smiled sadly, "many such perpetrators are brought to justice, but yours is a very strange case and occurred many years ago."  
"Can anything be done to prevent such tragedies?" asked the second boy.  
Dorn nodded, "that is an excellent question Raul.  That is one of the duties of the Brethren.  We try to maintain law and order in all lands, teach the ways of the Master to help prevent such atrocities, and when such crimes occur we pursue criminals that they not have the chance to strike again."  
Raul said, "it all seems very complicated."  
Dorn shook his head, "there is nothing simple about evil, but it becomes less intimidating once you begin to understand it."  
Raul smiled, "I want to fight evil.  I know I cannot avenge my family but perhaps I can keep the same from happening to others."  
Ulen glared at his friend, "you would abandon the justice due our kin?"  
Raul shrugged, "we know little of such matters and would hardly know who to prosecute for said crimes.  We must allow justice to be dealt out to the renegades by others and failing that the Master will judge them one day."  Ulen did not look pleased but said nothing more.
 The blizzard raged for three days and finally on the morning of the fourth the two Brethren, with Ulen and Raul, set out for Astoria.  It was a long and cold trek and took many weeks but finally the weary travelers reached Astoria.  As they traveled, the two Brethren spoke much with their young charges who were eager to learn and hung on every word.  At night when the weather allowed, they worked on the boys' sword technique.  They were mostly self-taught and had many bad habits to unlearn.  The Lady saw them immediately upon their return and the boys were awestruck to stand before so legendary a person.  She welcomed them warmly and they eagerly accepted her offer to stay for a time and study.  
After the boys had been escorted off by a servant to get settled she faced her servants, "thus ends Goonia, a tragic end to a strange country.  At least these few survived.  What of Loran?"  
Dorn shook his head, "the best we can figure is that he and his mount were slain in the fighting with the bandits."  
She nodded grimly, "such is the end we all might meet one day.  What of the boys?"  
Dorn said, "Raul is a bright boy and eager to learn, but I worry for Ulen's determination to seek revenge for his slain kin.  We have talked long on such matters as we traveled and ever he yearns for the day when he can see his people avenged."  
The Lady nodded grimly, "I feared as much.  We will see how he progresses while he remains in Astoria but there is a darkness in his heart that I fear will bring him naught but ruin."  Dorn and Roth nodded grimly and bowed themselves from the Lady's presence.  The boys eagerly flung themselves into their studies and were soon lost to all other concerns.  Winter faded into spring and the year passed quickly until winter had again come and gone.
 

Chapter 6

The boys had grown much and learned even more.  This day they presented themselves before the Lady to gain her blessing to take the Oath in the coming days.  Both boys bowed respectfully as they entered the Lady's presence, Raul nervously and Ulen with certainty.  The Lady nodded gravely and welcomed them into her presence.  She said, "today you have come to ask my blessing?"  Both of the boys nodded.  "Very well," said she, "you shall hear my thoughts on this matter.  You both fully understand what it is you ask?"  Again they nodded.  She continued, "you have both learned much since your arrival and I have great hopes for both of you, but I must deny one of you this chance to take your Oath, but this does not mean you cannot ask again in future."  Raul looked devastated and Ulen confident.  She allowed her words to sink in before saying, "Raul you need not look so mortified, it is not of you I speak.  If you are willing, you have my blessing to take the Oath in two days.  I wish to speak to your friend alone however."  Ulen looked both surprised and angry but held his tongue.  
Raul looked surprised as well but bowed deeply and said, "thank you Lady, it will be my honor to do so."  He then quickly left her presence leaving Ulen alone with the Lady.  
Ulen watched him go with obvious disdain and then turned to address the perpetrator of this nonsense, "am I not the superior in both martial skill and the various aspects of knowledge and lore?  Why is the lesser of the two allowed such an honor when I am denied it?"  
The Lady said, "do you really think this has anything to do with your level of skill in any discipline?  It has nothing to do with skill and everything to do with heart.  The Oath cannot be taken in pride and conceit but must be given with humility.  Even were I to grant you permission, your heart is not right and thus the Oath would mean nothing."  
"I do not understand," said the boy, "all I desire is to see that justice is done."  
The Lady shook her head sadly, "your version of justice is not justice at all.  You seek vengeance and revenge and we have no part in such things.  This is not the place for you unless your heart changes radically.  I pray that such a change is possible, for the current path you pursue may well lead to ruination for yourself and many others."  
"What would you have me do!" demanded the boy, "I have spent the greater part of a year here slaving to be worthy of you and yet you deny me my due!"  
The Lady shook her head, "I will have you speak with Tristan on this matter, perhaps he can explain better than I."
 The boy looked skeptical but bowed politely, though his movements spoke of great frustration as he left her presence.  He found Tristan waiting patiently in the hall outside the Lady's chambers.  "Well?" asked the disgruntled boy, "How are you to rectify this situation?"  
Tristan smiled grimly, "it is for you to rectify, I am merely hear to answer your questions.  Perhaps we should go for a ride and speak of these things?"  
The boy shrugged and they made their way silently to the stables.  Once they were out of the city and alone the boy said, "why were you selected for this mission?"  
Tristan shrugged, "I was available.  I once had my doubts about such things and perhaps the Lady hopes my experience can benefit you?"  
The boy was surprised, "you had your doubts?  I do not struggle with doubts, just a clash of ideologies."  
Tristan grinned ruefully, "perhaps we should not call them doubts but I struggled long against my heart before I realized my true purpose.  Why do you wish to take the Oath?"  
The boy said proudly, "I want to avenge my kin and see that others do not suffer likewise; the Brethren are a vehicle through which that can be accomplished.  We share a similar goal if differing definitions.  The skills, knowledge, and abilities of the Brethren can be of great use to me in my future endeavors.  What is wrong with that?"  
Tristan shook his head, "everything!  You cannot take the Oath to use to your advantage.  Do you not understand what the Oath is?  It is a swearing of your entire self to a higher purpose and calling.  You will not have any say over where you go or what you do; all will be used in service to the Master and others.  It is a complete surrender of your entire life, all of your skills and abilities to the Master."  
The boy scowled, "but such are my skills that the Lady should be proud to have me numbered among her people.  They say that I am even better than you when you were my age and your skills verge on the legendary."  
Tristan shook his head sadly, "it is not a question of skill.  The Oath can be taken by any with a willing heart, but even if you tried to take it with an attitude such as yours nothing would happen."  
"Then I suppose there is no reason for me to remain," said the boy.  
Tristan said, "you can continue to stay and learn but you cannot join us without changing your heart."  
The boy nodded grimly, "I will not waste more time in this place and will seek out those whose goals align with mine."  He laid his heels to his horse's flanks and disappeared quickly along the path.  Tristan pulled Aria up short and watched sadly as the youth left Astoria for destinations unknown, but somehow knowing that many would rue this day.

 The boy had left with nothing but the clothes on his back, his horse, and the meager contents of his pockets.  He wandered for some time, steadily heading south, often hungry and cold, but determined to discover his purpose.  He was a ragged and dirty wanderer when he found himself in Panmycea.  He had not intended to come begging at the doors of the Order but thence had his path led.  The guards upon the city gates stared at him with derision, but they allowed him to pass.  The guards at the gates of the Citadel were not so permissive.  He approached them boldly and said, "is there someone to whom I could speak about joining your ranks?"  The guards laughed at the grimy and ill-fed boy but sent a servant running and soon enough the recruitment officer was there to claim the newcomer.  The officer smiled, he could see the potential lurking under the dirty exterior.  All that remained was convincing the youth to enlist.  After the idle pleasantries were dispensed with the boy said, "I yearn for justice and to dispense it to others as it was denied myself and my murdered kin.  Is this possible in such a place?"  
The officer smiled, "my boy, that is the very reason we exist.  We are an objective and independent force dedicated to maintaining justice and order."  
The boy nodded, "and you have no aversion to those seeking vengeance?"  
The man laughed, "it drives our men to accomplish greater things than even they imagine.  Of course not!"  
The boy smiled, "then sign me up."  
Over the next few days the boy was put through his paces and greatly impressed his new masters.  He so impressed them that with a little more training they felt him ready to lead a training patrol in the Northern Wilds.  Such was his skill and knowledge that he only needed to learn those things peculiar to the Order and military command before being sent on his first mission.  One so young had never been given such a chance.  Lieutenant Ulen and his six recruits were soon on their way into the North to dispense justice and maintain order.  The boy could not be happier with his choice and silently thanked the Lady for denying him the right to join the Brethren.  His men were not happy at first to be under the command of a seeming youth and one younger than all but one of themselves, but such was his skill and confidence that soon he had earned the respect of his men and quieted the unrest, despite his age.  They rode north and took a circuitous route through the Untamed Wilds and became a menace to the bandits that so often took refuge in such places.
 
Five bandits fought desperately against two men, but the battle was not in their favor.  One man was already lying on the ground and groaning in pain, one had pulled out of the fighting because he knew he was not the match in skill to their two adversaries, and the final three were obviously losing.  Dorn and Raul had been tracking these would-be bandits for weeks and had finally driven them into the open for this final confrontation.  They were little more than opportunistic boys and lacked the formal training or experience that would have otherwise made facing this number of skilled men suicidal for two men.  The battle was winding down and all but one were either disabled or had surrendered.  Finally the last man gave up and threw down his blade.  Before the victors could say anything, an ominous voice said, "all of you throw down your weapons if you cherish your lives."  
Dorn looked around in confusion only to see seven knights of the Order surrounding the bandits and the two Brethren with swords and drawn bows.  Dorn exchanged a worried look with Raul but both did as they were told.  The leader of the group laughed when he recognized two of his captives, "you have certainly not progressed very far in the world Raul.  You are but an apprentice and I am an officer with men under my command."  
"Ulen?" said Dorn in astonishment, "What are you doing riding with the Order?  I thought you had more sense than that."  
"Silence!" growled Ulen, "What are you doing interfering in my affairs?  We were pursuing these bandits and will bring them to justice."  
Dorn frowned, "what does it matter who brings them to justice as long as they face the consequences of their actions?"  
Ulen laughed coldly, "it only matters because what I consider justice and the justice you are sure to mete out are quite different things.  My justice is not tainted with mercy or pity.  If a man commits a crime he will face the full punishment for said crime.  I cannot abide the lesser punishments and amnesties for which the Brethren are so well known!  If you are soft on crime it will not deter others and chaos will erupt!"  
Dorn looked very grim, "you would destroy a man's life regardless if there is some hope of making something useful of it?"  
Ulen said coldly, "the man himself destroyed his life when he chose to break the law.  The life of a few men is worth the cost of maintaining law and order!"  
"They are only boys!" said Dorn adamantly, "And guilty of little more than misguided attempts at glory and riches.  Are they worthy of death?"  
"They are bandits," snarled Ulen, "and will be treated as such.  I suggest you and your apprentice retrieve your weapons and run along before you also share in the fate of the condemned; I also ask that you quit interfering in Order business or next time you will not be given such mercy."  
Dorn stared hard at the men around him but saw nothing suggesting they would not do as their leader bid them.  He sighed and motioned for Raul to retrieve his weapon as he did the same.  There was promise in those young lives if only they could be given a chance but now that chance would never come.  They rode away into the gathering dark, leaving the bandits to the empty mercies of the Order.  Ulen watched them ride away with a cold smile, glad that fate had directed his path away from such weakness.  They continued in their circuit and dispensed much justice, at least as Ulen defined it.  The populace of the Wilds sighed in relief as Ulen and his men rode back to Panmycea once they had finished their tour.  They were a threat not only to bandits but to anyone with whom they might disagree.  
Lieutenant Ulen was welcomed back to Panmycea and his deeds in the Wilds won him much renown, so much so that the Master of the High Council wished to speak with him personally.  They met deep in the bowels of the Citadel in a small but comfortable room.  "I hear much of you," said the master, smiling at Ulen, "you have already become somewhat of a legend around here and you are only a boy.  I also like the way you think, it aligns nicely with my own goals and ambitions.  I could use your skills for a special assignment if you are willing to take it?  But first I must know from whence springs this phenomenal skill of yours.  I am sure you have much natural talent, but you must have received some form of training to hone your abilities?"
Ulen smiled proudly, eager to hear what the master was offering, and said, "I spent a year in Astoria before coming to Panmycea."  
The master nodded but did not seem surprised, "they are perhaps the only ones who could train you this well outside the Order.  You did not take the Oath?"  
Ulen laughed coldly, "I was ready to, but their precious Lady denied me the privilege, much to their loss.  We did not see eye to eye on many things and I now realize how foolish I had been at the time.  The Order is the place I should have been all along."  
The master looked serious for a moment and said, "I hope your experiences do not make you unable to carry out your duties.  You may one day come into conflict with those you once called friends."  
Ulen smiled grimly, "whether friend or kin or stranger, all must face justice and I will not be swayed in meting it out to any and all based on something as fleeting as feelings of the heart."
The master smiled, "good, then I shall tell you what you must do.  During your time in Astoria did you ever meet a man called Roth?"  
 Surprise played across Ulen's face and he nodded, "he was the man who brought me there in the first place."  
The master smiled, "then identifying him will not be difficult.  He once rode for the Order but failed to file the proper paperwork upon his resignation and is now a deserter and a traitor.  He must be dealt with but we have as yet been unable to capture him.  An example needs to be made else order will break down.  I want you to bring him back alive if you can, if not his head will suffice.  Can you do it?"  
Ulen nodded grimly, "it shall be as you say."  
The master smiled, "if you succeed in this I shall have further duties for you and you will go far.  I think this could be the beginning of a mutually beneficial relationship."  Ulen bowed deeply and went to prepare for his journey.  The master laughed heartily in anticipation of what might be possible with so skilled and dedicated a servant.  Ulen quickly rounded up the half dozen men he would take with him on his quest and they were in the saddle within the hour.  The hard part would be locating the man.  His first stop would be Astoria.  
They rode quickly north and came to the strange little country.  Most of Ulen's companions were not happy to visit such an obviously cursed place, but they had no choice in the matter and wisely held their tongues.  They encountered a patrol led by Raul, the boy was amazed when he recognized the strangers but did quite well in maintaining his authority under the circumstances.  He rode forward and addressed Ulen, "what business brings you to Astoria?"  
Ulen sneered, "I must see the Lady on some rather important business."  
"What sort of business?" asked Raul.  
Ulen said coldly, "that is between she and I.  Take us to the city."  
"Very well," said Raul.  He motioned for two of his men to continue their circuit while the other three followed their leader in escorting the knights to the city.  Ulen went through all the motions with utter disdain for his hosts but cooperated as he must.  The balance of his men remained outside the city while Ulen and his second accompanied Raul and another of the Brethren into the city.  The Lady squeezed in her strange visitors as soon as her schedule allowed.  She was not hopeful at such a visit, especially after Dorn's encounter with the man in the Wilds.  They bowed politely as they entered her chambers and she nodded regally in return.
 She said, "I doubt this is a visit of pleasure."  
Ulen smiled grimly, "perhaps not for you and the man I have come seeking, but it shall certainly be a pleasure for me and mine.  Where is Roth?"  
The Lady laughed, "I have been through this already with various members of your Order.  I will not hand over one of my servants who is not guilty of a crime."  
Ulen’s smile grew colder, "he is a deserter and a traitor."  
The Lady said, "he says he followed the proper procedures and that the mistake is not on his side, if it is a mistake.  Besides, misplaced paperwork is not worthy of death!"  
Ulen glowered, "it is the point of the thing.  An example must be made!"  
The Lady looked grim as death, "Roth is not here and if he were you would not touch him.  He is out on assignment though I will not say where."  
"Then I must find him on my own," said Ulen, bowing himself out.  Raul and his patrol escorted the men to the border and wondered what would come of their hunted comrade with such a villain on his trail.  
It took some time and much hunting but finally they found the man that had eluded the Order for so long.  Somewhere in northern Salita, along a little used cart path they waited.  The scout said their quarry would be passing this way very soon.  Their patience paid off and the sound of quiet hooves approached along the trail.  The unicorn must have sensed their presence, for he stopped and glanced around in alarm.  They gave him little chance to reconsider.  Bows sang in the night and felled both mount and rider; both were down but neither was dead.  Ulen stepped out of the undergrowth, and with one stroke of his sword put the struggling beast out of its misery and it promptly faded away.  He watched curiously and then approached his quarry.  The man had three arrows in him, none immediately vital but enough to immobilize him and guarantee a slow death.  Roth's eyes went wide when he recognized his killer.  "Why?" was all he could say.  
Ulen laughed coldly, "the Order and I agree on the definition of justice and this is at their behest.  Justice must be done to friend or foe.  But in remembrance of our previous relationship I will grant you one small mercy.  My masters want you alive if possible, for it makes for a much more effective demonstration, but you would not like that in the least, instead I shall end your life and prevent such suffering.  Though, I do not think you would survive the trip back and it would be much hassle for no gain, perhaps I am not merciful after all, simply realistic.  Farewell."  Roth stared at the boy in disbelief but did not seem surprised as he watched Ulen draw his sword and plunge it deep into his chest.  Roth's eyes widened briefly in pain and then stared blankly, never to see anything again.  Ulen looked to his men, "take the head and bury the rest."  He walked off with a sense of accomplishment and an eagerness to return to Panmycea to see what his own future held.  He never looked back at the mortal remains of what had once been his friend.  
 Ulen rode into the Citadel with his men close behind.  They had been gone several months but had returned victorious.  The Master of the High Council himself was there to greet them.  He asked, "you were successful?"  
Ulen laughed triumphantly, "in all but my negotiations with the Lady of Astoria.  She is certainly a stubborn creature!  But your traitor's head is in the bag, if you wish to see it."  The master made a disgusted face and motioned for Ulen to accompany him (without his trophy).  
They walked silently for some time until they were deep inside the Citadel and secluded in a quiet room.  Then the master spoke, "I am very pleased with your success.  Long have we hunted the man and he has escaped far too many traps.  It is good to make an end of matters.  I once argued with the Lady and you are right, she is a formidable foe.  It is of this I wish to speak.  Your next assignment is not officially sanctioned by the Order but you have my full support.  Take whatever men and supplies you need.  The Brethren interfere with our business far too much and make quite a nuisance of themselves.  I want you to hunt them down and destroy them."  
Ulen looked surprised, "all of them?"  
The master laughed, "that is far too much for one man, but perhaps you can drive them even deeper into hiding by killing them as you find them.  I do not care if they are dead or silenced as long as they cease in their current activities and leave us to ourselves.  Of course this must be done in absolute secrecy else we may start a war.  Can you do it?"  
Ulen said, "their justice is no justice at all and in that light they are enemies of justice and thus must be dealt with.  I will do as you ask.  I may actually enjoy it."  
"Good," said the master, "and remember to report only to me on this matter."  
Ulen said, "I know this is to be a secret but it is approved by the High Council?"  
The master nodded, "you need not worry that it is not."  Ulen nodded, bowed deeply, and went to find a little rest before beginning his new assignment.
 Ulen traveled secretly with four handpicked men, though they often traveled alone as they sought out their next target.  In recent years the Brethren were rather secretive to begin with and thus were not easy to identify immediately, but there were peculiar qualities that made them stand out if one knew what to look for.  Occasionally mistakes were made and one not of the Brethren was killed, but that was regrettably the cost of true justice.  When possible, the killing was done in secret and the evidence disposed of properly, but that was not always possible in every case.  Most were stabbed in the dark or felled with an arrow along an abandoned stretch of road, but occasionally it came down to a fight.  Ulen came out the winner every time, but he was facing off with Teachers and Philosophers, he had yet to face the challenge of one of the Messengers or even a Warrior.  Ulen grew tired of knives in the dark and unfair sword fights, he longed for a real challenge, but he was firm in his mission.  
One night six months into their expedition, they watched a man intently from the anonymity of a large crowd as he entertained with songs and stories.  He was not as talented as most of the Brethren were wont to be but he was talented enough that they could not risk letting him live.  The night grew old and the once attentive audience sought their beds, leaving only Ulen to confront his target.  The man was bent over casing his instrument when Ulen bared his blade and made to stab the man in the back, but steel met steel as another sword appeared to block the fatal stroke.  Ulen glared into the eyes of Tristan, whose sword blocked his.  The musician turned around in surprise and then quickly sought refuge in his room from the two madmen intent upon killing one another.  Ulen brightened at the thought of finally crossing swords with a near legend.  
"Where did you come from?" asked Ulen brightly as they began exchanging blows.  
Tristan said, "the Lady does not take kindly to her servants vanishing in such a fashion and I was sent to put an end to it.  I am disappointed to learn the source of our troubles.  I had hoped better of you."  The deadly dance continued but each man held his own.  
 "I am what I am," growled Ulen, "is that man a friend of yours?"  
Tristan shook his head, "you would have murdered an innocent man, he is none of ours though I would know what strange form of justice you call murdering my comrades and innocent civilians?"  
Ulen snarled, "all who stand in the way of true justice must be dealt with and such are you.  An innocent life is a small price to pay for true justice, but I doubt anyone is truly innocent and the mistake is not so ill-deserved as some think."  
"How can you call this justice?" said Tristan aghast, "You are no better than the bandits that slew your kith and kin!"  
Rage crossed Ulen's face at such an accusation, "I am none of the sort, it is intentions that matter and mine are pure!"  
Tristan said, "your intentions are not pure in the least, you have redefined justice to justify the murder of innocents!"  
"It is the Brethren who have defiled justice," snarled Ulen, "mine is not tainted with pity or mercy."  
Tristan laughed grimly, "justice cannot be meted out without love, else it is not true justice!  You must have a concern not only for the wronged party but also for the perpetrator, and justice must be had by all.  You seek not justice, but power!"  
"I only do the will of my master," said Ulen, "it is on his head if innocent blood is spilled.  I am but a hound on a leash or a hawk on the wrist.  He points to my quarry and I pursue it.  Nothing more."  
Tristan shook his head, "you are as guilty as he, and probably more so!  A hound does not understand right and wrong, but you do!  You have become a servant of evil even if your intentions are pure as fresh fallen snow!"  Ulen did not answer Tristan's accusations but increased the force and speed of his attacks, pushing his opponent to the next level in their private battle.  Neither man had been using the full extent of his skill and Ulen was now pushing his own limits, but Tristan was still well within his comfort zone.  
Finally, Ulen dropped to his knees in defeat, gasping for breath.  He looked up into the eyes of his foe despondently, "they said I was better than you."  
Tristan nodded, "you are, but I have had seventy years of practice since!"  
"Be done with it," snarled Ulen, "have justice as you call it."  
Tristan shook his head, "you will be taken back to Astoria and face the Lady's justice.  I will not deal it out here."


Chapter 7

 Just then the door flew open and in traipsed Ulen's four companions, who quickly bared their blades when they saw their leader's dire predicament.  Ulen laughed and stood, drawing his own blade.  Tristan sheathed his weapon and went to his knees with his hands behind his head and glared up at the five armed men now surrounding him.  Ulen laughed once more saying, "it seems our situation is reversed, but I could not justify killing you ere I have the chance to redeem myself in single combat.  I could not live with myself if I allowed you to die and had not yet bested you with the sword.  Go now, but know that things are not finished between us."  
Eyeing Ulen and his men skeptically, Tristan rose to his feet and made for the door.  Ulen eyed his men warningly but none was fool enough to say anything stupid.  Ulen himself was not sure why he let the man go, but he suddenly found himself unable to kill a man in cold blood.  He tried to repress the thought that perhaps Tristan's words were having some effect on him, echoing the silent ravings of his own conscience.  It was with a muddled and troubled mind that Ulen set forth again to seek out the Master of the High Council and put an end to his torment, one way or another.  They rode back to Panmycea and the master was eager to meet with his servant alone.  
Ulen told his full tale and the man was aghast, "you let one of them go?  They are sneaky and their influence has destroyed many a good man."  
"What do you know of good?" snarled Ulen, "I offered you my sword and using it you destroyed my soul!  I sought justice but ended a murderer."  
The master laughed, "you think true justice can be dealt out by selfish and unobjective wretches such as ourselves?  Justice is whatever we define it to be and thus can be used to justify almost anything, including murder.  I can offer you power beyond your wildest imaginings if you will continue serving me, else your life is forfeit as I cannot allow word of this getting out..."  
Hearing Tristan's words echoed by the master drove Ulen over the edge and he plunged his sword deep into the man's chest.  He fled deeply confused and emotionally numb, his whole life had been a lie.  He took his horse and fled into the night.  Pursuit was not far behind when they realized the Master of the High Council had been murdered.  Ulen had hoped that by killing his master he would free himself of the guilt and pain, but it continued to torment him as he rode recklessly into the dark.
 
For a week he barely eluded his pursuers.  He almost wished for death to end his torment, but not the kind of death the Order would mete out for one who had murdered the Master of the High Council.  His only hope was to flee and either die of exhaustion or force them to kill him quickly lest he escape.  One night he fell into an ambush similar to that he had used to catch Roth.  Bows sang in the night, his horse screamed, arrows pierced his own flesh, and he knew no more.  The pain of the arrows was nothing to the torment of his mind and he welcomed the darkness like an old friend.  
The darkness receded a bit and a silvery glow filled one corner of his vision.  He lay in a darkened glade and the light emanated from a great unicorn on one side of the clearing.  For a moment all the pain, both mental and physical, was gone and he knew only great peace, but then the unicorn's eyes caught his and terror drove the very breath from his lungs.  These were not the eyes of any mortal creature and he knew he looked the Master full in the face.  Righteous anger burned deep in those eyes but even deeper, inexpressible love and grief mingled.  
"Why?" said a voice silent as death but firm as the mountains, "Ever have I called you but yet you flee.  You have slain My servants and innocent men and called it justice.  Who are you to deal out justice?"  Ulen was silent in terror.  The Master continued, "true justice would have been to utterly destroy your race when they chose to rebel against Me."  
"Why did you not?" asked the cringing Ulen.  
With eyes full of sorrow the Master answered, "love.  It was My love for you and your kind that caused Me to pay the price for your rebellion and thus mend the chasm that has opened between us."  
"How could we deserve such love?" asked the confused and terrified soul.  
The Master looked on him gently, saying, "you do not, and that is called mercy."  
"Long have I thought mercy a weakness and love irrelevant," wept the man.  
"I know," said the Master, "and long have I urged you to think otherwise for there is nothing greater in or beyond creation.  My offer still stands, will you have Me?"  
"I have done terrible things!" said the man in astonishment.  
"I know," said the Master simply, "and yet I love you still."  The man was utterly ashamed and confused as darkness again claimed him. 
 He awoke slowly, not knowing if he yet lived or was dying or already dead.  Candlelight filled the small room and he felt a firm mattress beneath him.  His wounds had been dressed and he sensed a human presence nearby.  He tried to move and wished that he had not.  The physical pain was immense but the maelstrom of his raging emotions was worse.  He suddenly thought back to his strange dream, if dream it had been.  Was there still hope?  He groaned with pain, physical and mental, and glanced about hopelessly not knowing what he sought.  His blurry vision finally focused on the woman attending him.  He said in a voice like an ancient man, "where am I?  Why do I yet live?"  
The woman smiled grimly, "the Order wants you alive for its own purposes.  You are in far too critical a condition to risk moving.  I was the unfortunate soul they elected to attend you.  We are prisoners in this miniscule inn until you die or are well enough to be moved."  
"Will I die?" asked he.  
The woman shook her head, "I do not know but it would be a small mercy for us both.  I do not think the Order intends to give you an easy death and it is painful for me to attend you."  
"Why does it pain you?" asked the curious Ulen, "I do not know you."  
"You have killed many of my comrades, including a very dear friend," said she with a heavy heart.  
"Then you attend me only out of fear of the Order?" asked he.  
She smiled sadly, "no, I attend you because you are yet dear to the Master and thus must be dear to me though the burden is terrible."  
The man was astonished, "I did not think the Brethren were renowned for their healing abilities?"  
She snorted in grim amusement, "we are not.  Your friends barged into the inn where I was telling tales and demanded to know if anyone knew anything about healing.  I have a very small familiarity with herbs and apparently that was enough to volunteer me for this position."  
"What is my situation?" asked he.  
She said, "you took several arrows but the wounds have not yet begun to fester so you may escape the wound fever only to succumb to the Order.  I would not say your situation is favorable, no matter how you look at it."  He nodded, not really caring either way.  
Then he said, "I am sorry about your friend.  I was a deluded and proud fool.  I do not even know the names of those I slew."  To his own surprise he meant what he had said.
 Emilia was taken aback by his statement but said quietly, "thank you.  Her name was Piper, she was my mentor and friend for over seventy years.  Why did you do it?"  
He sighed, "I have no reason to offer save that I thought I was exacting justice but had distorted justice to justify murder.  I was blinded by my own pride and aspirations for power.  Perhaps it is fitting that one way or another I will soon be dead, no man alive is more deserving of death."
She looked at him in astonishment, "what has happened?  I know only that you are guilty of some grievous crime against the Order."
He laughed grimly, wincing with the effort, "I killed the Master of the High Council hoping it would end my own torment of mind, but have only earned myself death by one means or another.  At least your Lady should be happy."  
Emilia shook her head sadly, "know you so little of us that you think we hope for the death of an enemy?  Sometimes it is necessary but it is never a cause for celebration and murder would not be an approved method of accomplishing it."  
He said sadly, "I spent a year in Astoria and I still do not understand the Brethren.  The Lady once denied me the chance to take the Oath and only now do I begin to understand her reasons.  What a fool I have been."
Emilia smiled sadly, "at least you are beginning to realize your mistakes and can ask forgiveness for them and seek peace in what little remains of your life."
"You would forgive me the death of your friend?" asked he, amazed.  
She smiled, "I already have.  It is not our duty to carry grudges or seek vengeance.  It simply pains me to be in your presence because it reminds me of that unhealed grief.  Though I am encouraged by your seeming change of heart."  
Ulen smiled, "will you tell me of the Master.  I do not think I was listening while I resided in Astoria."  She spoke a little and he slept, and continued when he awoke.  He said, "can I truly seek the Master's forgiveness in all I have wrought?"  She nodded and finally he knew peace within himself and the mental storm ceased.  He slept again and they talked when he awoke, but the fever soon took him and he was lost to all attempts at conversation.  Emilia tried everything her meager knowledge of herbs could avail but she could do little more than offer comfort to the dying man.  The soldiers checked in occasionally and were not pleased to learn their captive was succumbing to his wounds.  When he was not sleeping, he was delirious and his condition continued to deteriorate.  
One of the knights berated her, "I thought you knew something of healing!"  
She said simply, "even the best healer could not save him and I am far from adequate.  He will die regardless."  
The man sneered, "at least it is a painful, lingering death.  It is the least he deserves, but I would rather watch him die slowly in front of all Panmycea."
 Emilia looked upon her patient with grief in her eyes, she had thought briefly about helping the man escape from the Order should he recover, but he was guilty of murder and justice must be done.  Unlike Roth and Denal, this man truly deserved to face the Order's justice.  As evening came, his breathing slowed and each breath became a gasping struggle for air.  Finally he shuddered once and lay still, his suffering at an end.  
Emilia stood, knocked upon the door of the small room, and a soldier stuck his head in.  "He is dead," said she.
The soldier glanced down at the still form with its blankly staring eyes and nodded, "I will inform the captain."
He ducked out of the room and soon returned with the captain, who stared grimly at the corpse, "I had hoped for a better end, or at least one more entertaining.  We return to Panmycea at once to tell the aggrieved populace that justice has been done."  
The other soldier said, "what of the woman and the corpse?  She failed to heal him and we cannot carry the body back easily on horseback.  It will be in a terrible state by the time we return home."
The captain said, "no one could have saved the fool I think, unless the Master himself appeared.  It is no fault of hers and she can spread the tale of what happens to those who defy the Order; it was not a pleasant end.  She can go wherever she likes, but first she shall dispose of the body."  Emilia looked grimly at her captors and bowed her head in acceptance and thanks for her life.  The rest of the soldiers paraded through the small chamber for one last look at their quarry and then the whole group returned home.  
Emilia was about to lay a blanket over the still form when it appeared to draw breath.  She stared at the corpse in disbelief, but it was in fact breathing.  The blank eyes had closed of their own accord, when they opened again they held life.  Emilia backed as far as she could against the far wall.  Ulen smiled at her ruefully.
 "You were dead!" said she.  
"Yes," said he.  
"What happened?" asked she.  
He smiled weakly, "the Master has claimed my life and has decided that I have something of use yet to accomplish for Him and has sent me back."
Emilia approached the bed, "the old tales hint of such things but I have never heard of or seen such happenings in recent years.  What of the Order?"  
He smiled grimly, "they have seen me dead thus justice has been accomplished in their eyes.  I must now face the Lady for my crimes against the Brethren."
"And the wound fever?" asked she.
He smiled again, "I am weaker than I have ever felt, even in the grips of the fever, but I think the illness died with me.  A little rest and I shall be good as new."  
She shook her head, "I of all people should not be amazed at such a miracle but it is one thing to tell the tale and quite another to see it.  I shall remain with you until you are strong enough to travel."  
"Thank you," said he.  The door banged open again and a man came into the room, sword bared.  Death was written on his face.  Emilia jumped in front of her patient.  A confused look crossed the man's face but he put up his blade.  Emilia embraced her friend and though very confused, Tristan returned her hug.  
"What is going on?" asked Tristan, "I did not think the Order would leave unless their quarry was dead."
"He was," said Emilia simply.  Tristan gave her a strange look but knew she could not tell such a lie, thus it must be true.  
"But only the Master could do such a thing!" said Tristan in surprise.  
Emilia laughed, "He did."  
Tristan sat down on Emilia's chair as he contemplated these strange tidings, "I followed this scoundrel after our last encounter, saw him ride into Panmycea, flee almost as quickly as he had come, and tracked him here one step ahead of the Order.  I saw them take you captive to tend to the villain and hoped somehow to secure your rescue.  What has happened?"
 She smiled, "perhaps we should let your villain speak."  
Ulen looked nervous but said, "something in what you said during our last encounter shook me; you completely destroyed the foundations upon which my life had been built.  Upon my return, my master echoed your assertions and did not care or know what effect that would have upon me, in my desperation I slew him, hoping to end the maelstrom of guilt and despair raging in my mind.  I felt my whole world collapsing and had nowhere to turn.  Killing him did not fix anything and only brought the fury of the Order down upon me.  The emotional turmoil was worse than the pain of the fever or the arrows.  The Master spoke with me in a dream and I have surrendered myself to Him.  I succumbed to the fever to appease the Order and justice; He sent me back to finish whatever tasks I must ere I face Him again.  I must say our second interview was much less terrifying than the first; I hope never again to face Him in His wrath."  
Tristan could not imagine facing the Master as an enemy; it must have been terrible.  "What now?" asked he. 
Ulen shrugged, "that depends upon the Lady.  I return to Astoria to face whatever judgment she will mete out for my crimes.”  Tristan shook his head in disbelief, he could not believe the changes wrought in the man had he not seen them for himself.  
He said, "I shall accompany you when you are strong enough.  I fear it might be suicide if you rode in alone; things might be done out of surprise that cannot be mended once they realize you are no longer an enemy."  
Ulen smiled warmly for what seemed the first time in ages, "I would appreciate that."  Emilia bid farewell to her former patient and her old friend and continued on her way.  Tristan remained with the strange man for several weeks until he was strong enough to travel.  
The innkeeper knew full well that the man was not as dead as the Order thought him to be and when asked said, "of course I shall not tell the Order, all our lives would then be forfeit.  They would burn my inn and salt the ground!  You can be assured that no one shall hear of this from me."  Satisfied that their secret was safe, Tristan turned his mind to other things.  They talked much in the ensuing days, as there was not much else they could do and Ulen had an insatiable appetite for the things he should have learned while he studied in Astoria.  He had been a very poor student in the areas pertaining to the Master and the Truth, focusing his energy on the more physical disciplines and topics such as history and military tactics.
 "How could I have been so blind?" asked Ulen one day as Tristan kept him company during his recovery.  
Tristan smiled, "it is always easier to see these things in retrospect.  Long ago my heart knew immediately what I needed but my mind tried everything it could to deny the fact.  Thankfully my heart won out and I was much encouraged by the persistence of my friends, else my life would have been very different, perhaps much like yours."  
Ulen put his head in his hands, "the suffering I have caused to others in my pride is unforgivable, yet I know I am forgiven.  It is more than I can comprehend."  
Tristan smiled, "I have spent most of my life serving the Master and still I do not understand it."  
Ulen lifted his head and smiled weakly, "how am I to face those I have wronged so gravely?"  
Tristan said, "once matters are explained you need not fear anything.  We are all guilty of some crime, some more than others, but we are all fully dependent upon the Master's grace.  It will be a shock to many, but with time they will understand.  I am still trying to understand!  What finally changed your mind?"  
Ulen smiled ruefully, "you started thoughts running through my mind that I did not wish to consider but they echoed things my conscience had long tried to ignore, but it was not until I faced the Master Himself that I knew how terrible I had become.  And yet after all that He still loves me!  How could I deny such an offer?"  
Tristan smiled sadly, "there are many who do.  They never come to face the darkness within their own hearts and never feel the need for anything greater than themselves."
Ulen shuddered, "such was I, but thankfully those days are gone.  Whatever lies ahead, I will face it a new man and without fear."  The days passed and soon enough Ulen was able to leave his bed and eventually to attempt riding a horse.  The Order had killed his horse and taken his meager belongings.  He had nothing but the clothes on his back, which were now little more than bloodied and sweat stained rags.  Tristan saw that he was provided with clean clothes and an attempt at an adequate mount.  There was not much to choose from for suitable mounts in the area and Tristan had a limited budget.  The poor old creature would probably survive the trip to Astoria; it was better than walking.
 Aria eyed their traveling companion and his pathetic mount with disdain, but it was the best they could do.  They traveled as quickly as Tristan dared with the decrepit beast and finally they reached Astoria.  Ulen was not sure what his reaction would be upon entering that country once more.  Part of him felt he was coming home, part just wanted the whole thing to be over with, part of him dreaded what might come of this journey, and another part feared the reaction of Tristan's comrades.  But it was something he had to face and he tried to give his fears and worries over to the Master and take courage in His strength and promises.  He had once laughed at those who clung to such ideals, thinking them weak or foolish, but now he clung to them like a drowning man to a rope.  They rode slowly along the main road leading into the city and as expected, a patrol found them before they had gone very far.  Dorn was leading the patrol and rode forward to meet the strangers.  He smiled at Tristan, but his blood ran cold when he saw the man who accompanied his friend.  The rest of the patrol exchanged worried looks and fingered their swords.  The man was notorious among the Brethren.  What was he doing back in Astoria?  
Dorn addressed Tristan, "you have captured the villain?"  
Tristan smiled, "you might say that.  He has come to face the Lady's justice."  
Dorn eyed the man skeptically, "should he not be bound and disarmed?"  
Tristan smiled, "he comes of his own accord, he is not a prisoner."  The others looked surprised but knew their friend spoke the truth.  
Dorn said, "whatever his strange situation, I shall accompany you.  I do not trust the man in the least."  Tristan nodded and Dorn motioned for the rest of the patrol to continue on their circuit.  Ulen reached for his sword and Dorn tensed, but the man simply handed the weapon to their new companion.
Ulen smiled weakly, "if only to make you more comfortable in my presence.  Please forgive my past if you can, I have been an utter fool and a murderous fiend."  
Dorn's eyes were wide, "he is serious!  What has come over the man?"  
Ulen smiled, "I finally understand what you all tried so hard to teach me."  
Tristan laughed at Dorn's befuddlement, "come my friend, you must believe in miracles, no matter how strange, else you ride for the wrong company."  Dorn nodded, too stunned for words as they rode towards the city.  
 The guards upon the city gates were about to let the trio pass as two of them were of the Brethren, but Raul suddenly barred their way upon recognizing the third man.  He addressed his mentor, "this man rides freely into Astoria?"
Dorn nodded grimly, "as strange as it seems.  Let him pass, he seeks the Lady's justice."  
Raul's mouth fell open, "he seeks...?"  But he stood aside and let them by.
They were allowed through the castle gates only after another long explanation and much disbelief on the part of the guards.  Ulen turned his sorry old horse over to the grooms for some much needed rest and attention.  A servant was waiting for them as they entered the courtyard, apparently the Lady saw them coming and was eager to see what strange news they bore.  Dorn mused that whatever the outcome, this would certainly be a memorable meeting.  All three bowed deeply as they entered the room and Ulen went to his knees before the woman who now held his life in her hands.  She stared at the man's bowed head in astonishment.  It took much to surprise the Lady, but this certainly did.
She addressed Tristan, "when I sent you out to find the man or men behind my disappearing servants, this is not how I expected things to end.  It is ended?"  
Tristan said, "yes Lady, it is finished.  All that remains is for you to dispense what justice you will."  
She shook her head in utter disbelief, "I must first hear the full tale."
Tristan quickly recounted what he knew of the tale and then asked Ulen to add his part.  Only then did he realize the man was weeping.  With tears of grief in his eyes, he said, "Lady, you once denied me the chance to take the Oath and you were right to do so.  Only now do I realize what a wretched fool I have been.  I have found peace with the Master, but it is now for you to decide how justice shall be satisfied.  I ask your forgiveness for all the evil I have wrought amongst your servants and I place my life in your hands."  
 Silence reigned for a few minutes as the Lady processed all she had just heard and as she allowed the initial shock to wear off.  She said, "you have suffered greatly for your crimes already and I do not think the Master returned you from the grave simply to give me the opportunity to send you back to Him, yet neither can I let you walk free after the atrocities you have committed against so many.  I do claim your life.  I do not seek your death.  I now grant you my blessing for that which I denied you so long ago.  Take the Oath and dedicate your life to destroying the evil of which you were once a servant.  You have weakened our numbers and thus our effectiveness, therefore I ask you to do the one thing within your power to help rebuild that which you once tried so hard to destroy."  
Tristan and Dorn stared at her with wide eyes; Ulen looked as if the Lady had just hit him upside the head with some large, heavy object.  He said faintly, "how is it that once I came before you an innocent youth and you would deny me the honor I sought, but now I come before you a murderer and a traitor and you would take me into your service?"  
She smiled wryly, "because now you come before me with the proper attitude.  As I said long ago, it is not the skill or history of the man that counts but the attitude of his heart.  You have already surrendered yourself to the Master, this is just a more formal recognition of that fact."  
He frowned, "Lady, would not some see this as some sort of reward or honor and a complete perversion of justice?"  
She smiled archly, "those who would see it as such do not understand the Oath or the Brethren.  You have already died for your crimes and the Master now has claim on your soul.  I will use that to benefit those who once suffered at your hand.  Make no mistake, this is a death sentence, one way or another you will die in my service; I have just postponed the inevitable.  Would you rather I take your head?"  
Ulen laughed in relief, "I will gladly enter your service Lady, I just did not understand why you would spare my life."  
She smiled warmly, "I am not sparing it, I am putting it to good use whilst I have the loan of it.  Let us waste no more time.  If you accept my proposal we shall proceed immediately."  Tristan and Dorn still did not believe what had come to pass though they saw it with their own eyes.  Some of the Brethren had a shady past, but none were acknowledged murderers of the Lady's servants.  The Oath was taken and the man who had once been their greatest enemy was now counted as a Brother.  
 Ulen remained on his knees before the Lady and asked, "how long before you can trust me to go about without a guard?"  
The Lady laughed, "I trust you this very moment.  Until you break Oath, I trust you as much as I trust either Tristan or Dorn or any of my other servants.  Your past is forgiven you but you have yet to forgive yourself."  
Tears filled the man's eyes, "Lady, I can never forget what I have done!"  
She smiled sadly, "I did not command you to forget, but you cannot spend your life grieving your past else I shall have no use for your future.  Forgive yourself and allow yourself the chance to heal and to move on with your life.  Spend what time I give you here to recover, for soon I shall be sending you out into the world and this time your actions shall be to our benefit.  You have also just been assigned to the Messenger sect."  
He looked at her in confusion and she laughed, "you would make an uneasy Philosopher but neither would I waste such a gifted mind among the Warriors as others have chosen to do."  She gave Dorn a significant look and he blushed but said nothing.  It was a longstanding argument between the Lady and various of her servants that they were in the wrong sect, but the choice was ever theirs. 
"Yes Lady," said Ulen quietly.  
She nodded happily, "very well.  Tristan and Dorn will attend you until you are fully comfortable among us."  Ulen stood shakily and together the stunned Brethren bowed themselves from her presence.  
Once they were alone in the corridor, Dorn said, "I cannot believe what just happened."  
Ulen smiled weakly, "you are not alone.  If you think it is hard for you to believe, what are the rest of the Brethren to think?  I do not believe it myself and it was I that went through it!"  
Tristan smiled broadly, "it may be hard for them to take but they cannot gainsay the Master or the Lady.  You are home my friend and that is what matters."  
Ulen smiled warmly, "it has been long since anyone has called me friend and meant it.  I have forgotten what it is to have people that love and care for you."
 He glanced hopefully at Dorn, "I hope we can one day be friends but I shall understand if we cannot."  
Dorn smiled, "we are more than friends now I fear.  Now you must deal with me as a Brother and I am afraid one cannot choose his relatives so you are stuck with me."  
Ulen smiled deeply, "all the better.  Now what?"  
Tristan said, "if you think you are up for it, we can attempt the evening meal in the dining hall, but if you are not ready for the mass onslaught of your new comrades we can dine privately."  
Ulen looked nervous but said, "we might as well get it over with.  What is one more shock on this most peculiar of days?"  
By now word had spread among the Brethren in Astoria of the notorious man who had come to see the Lady.  None knew what to expect of such a meeting but no one had anticipated the actual denouement.  The entire dining hall went silent as the three entered, save for the students and servants, who knew nothing of the whole peculiar tale.  As the Brethren ceased their conversations, the students and servants quieted as well and looked curiously at the three who had just entered the room but saw nothing strange about the newcomers and returned to their chatter.  The Brethren could see immediately what the Lady's decision had been and the silence continued as shock stayed their tongues.  The initial surprise over, the normal activities of the dining hall resumed though the topic of conversation among the Brethren had suddenly changed.  The three immediately sought out a quiet corner and allowed their comrades to absorb what they had just seen.  
Ulen smiled at his two companions, "I think that went better than I had hoped."  
Tristan smiled, "it may take a few days for things to return to normal around here.  We do not often have this much excitement, but I think once the initial surprise has worn off you will no longer arouse such curiosity."  
Ulen sighed, "I hope you are right.  Once I would have sought such attention, but now I only wish to live a quiet life of obscurity."  
Dorn laughed, "then perhaps the Lady should have placed you with the Philosophers and locked you away in a library somewhere?"  They shared Dorn's mirth, but the sudden appearance of Raul stifled their amusement.  His face was a battleground of emotion: confusion, joy, and fear all tried to stake their claim.  Tristan and Dorn exchanged a quick look and excused themselves that the two might speak alone.  
A look of anxiety crossed Ulen's face to be thus abandoned, but Tristan smiled reassuringly and said, "perhaps we should go speak with some of the others so that you will not be forced to tell your tale a thousand times?"  
Ulen nodded and said, "I would appreciate that."  Ulen watched them go with a sinking heart.  He still had much of his past to face before he could find peace in the present.
Raul took a seat and stared at his old companion for almost a full minute without saying a word.  Finally he said, "I cannot believe it, yet it must be true!  What happened?  When you were denied the chance to take the Oath and fled I mourned for the loss of a friend.  When you returned as a knight of the Order demanding Roth's head I was deeply grieved.  When word reached us that you had slain a number of the Brethren I could not believe what I had heard.  Now you sit before me as one of my comrades and my heart wants to rejoice at the redemption of a friend I thought forever lost, but how can this be?  I do not understand."  
Ulen looked at his friend's desperate face and tears came to his eyes, "can you forgive my past?  Perhaps of all the people I have hurt, I have hurt you most of all."  
Raul was amazed at the changes wrought in the man since last they met; he could not be the same man.  Finally Raul said, "I do not know you."  
Ulen smiled weakly, "and until recently I never knew myself."  It was awkward at first, but as Ulen told his story and Raul began to comprehend the changes wrought in his former friend the awkwardness vanished and they found themselves renewing a friendship and an acquaintance long dead.  Ulen's first few weeks back in Astoria were strange to say the least, but soon his new comrades began to warm to him and he found himself surrounded by friends that were closer than family.  It took losing everything to finally find himself.  Whatever had gone before was past and he faced the future as a new man.
 

Chapter 8

Several months later, Ulen found himself on the great field surrounding Astoria looking an enraged dragon in the eyes.  The creature towered over him and an occasional puff of smoke escaped from her nostrils.  Red flames roiled in the depths of her eyes.  Ulen had been making his way back to Astoria after completing his first mission for the Lady when the creature landed almost in front of him.  In all of his travels and dangerous confrontations he had never before felt so small and helpless.  
She glared down at the miniscule human and said, "and what have you to say for yourself and all your kind?  Are you trying to rekindle the wars that nearly ended both our races?"  
Ulen looked the great creature in the eye, bowed politely from his saddle, and said, "Madam I do not know of what you speak nor do I have the temerity to claim to speak for anyone other than myself, most especially not for all mankind.  I shall fetch the Lady for you immediately and she will be more than happy to speak with you."  
The creature seemed at least marginally mollified, "at least some of your pathetic race seems to have a little sense and knows how to act appropriately.  I shall await your Lady here."  Ulen bowed again and quickly turned his mount and raced for the city.  
Word had already reached the Lady that a dragon had alighted outside the city and she met Ulen as he galloped into the courtyard.  "Lady," said he, "there is a very irate dragon that wishes to speak with you immediately."  The Lady gave her thanks as she mounted her unicorn and motioned for Ulen to fall in behind her with the other Brethren that were to accompany her out to meet her guest.  They rode out of the city and found the beast in the meadow lashing her tail in impatience.
 The Lady rode confidently forward as her escort fell back to a polite distance to watch.  The Lady bowed formally from her saddle and addressed the dragon, "to what do I owe the honor of your visit?"  
The monster glanced down at the ancient woman and said, "why did you do it?"  
The Lady frowned slightly, "why did we do what?  You must explain more fully if I am to answer."  
The creature drew herself up to her full height and said, "why have you stolen my hatchling?"  
The Lady was truly confused and also grieved by what the creature said, "who has stolen your hatchling?"  
The dragon was not pleased with the Lady's ignorance and said, "a group of men stole the poor thing not long after it was born and I have not seen it since.  I demand that you return my offspring!"  
"Who are these men who would commit such a terrible crime?" asked the Lady.  
The creature cocked her head in confusion, "you do not know?"  
The Lady shook her head, "how am I to know?"  
The dragon said in fear, "but I thought word of such a thing would have spread quickly among your kind.  Is it not an event worthy of rumor?"  
"When did this happen?" asked the Lady.  
The dragon said, "only a few days ago."  
The Lady sighed, "rumor of such an event would quickly spread but even then it might take weeks or even months to reach our ears."  
The creature looked truly grieved, "then you do not know where my baby is?"  
The Lady was greatly saddened by this news, "know you anything of these men?"  
The creature shook her head, "once our young ones are born they are on their own, but some mothers like to check on their offspring occasionally while others leave them to fend for themselves.  I went to check on the little one and he was gone.  There were signs of a struggle and many prints from horses and booted feet.  I flew over the immediate area but saw no sign of the fiends.  I came here thinking that if anyone knew where the hatchling was it would be the Brethren."  
The Lady said, "I thought dragons layed eggs."  
The creature snorted indignantly and said, "do I look like a chicken?  Tending eggs would be a tedious chore for my kind.  Do you know so little of dragons?  Even certain snakes give birth to live young, so why cannot a creature as great as the dragon share this ability?"  
The Lady said, "forgive my ignorance but little is known of the more intimate draconian matters."  
The bereaved mother said, "what is to be done?  This may be enough to again start the wars betwixt our kinds.  I thought you eschewed slavery?"  
The Lady nodded, "this is a grievous situation indeed.  We abhor slavery of any kind and this certainly qualifies.  We shall do whatever we can to locate the little one and return him to his people.  The Master forbid that war should again arise between us!"  
The creature sighed heavily, "I appreciate your help and your concern and I suppose I must not hold the whole species accountable for the actions of a few.  But you must find the men responsible and free the hatchling.  A dragon is not something that can be tamed.  What can they mean to do with him?"  
The Lady looked grim, "I suppose they may try to make a pet of him or perhaps they are simply trying to foment war and chaos among our kindreds.  There are those who might benefit from both." 
The dragon said, "I do not know how they could capture him.  A newborn dragon is roughly the size of a horse and already equipped with teeth and claws enough to tear a man to shreds.  Nor are they creatures one can reason with, it takes time for their more rational side to mature.  It must be some sort of black sorcery else they could not have taken him so easily."  
The Lady looked grim, "even to consider such a thing makes my blood run cold.  Can you show us where the little one disappeared?  Perhaps we can track the kidnappers afoot better than you could from the air.  Such a procession must have made quite a trail."  
The creature nodded, "I shall do that.  Let us be off ere the trail goes cold."  
The Lady nodded and motioned for her escort to follow the aggrieved beast.  They had not packed for such an expedition but such was the beast's haste and the Lady's determination that they dared not return to the city to do so; a rational man did not gainsay the Lady, let alone a dragon.  None of the half dozen Brethren were equipped for such a journey, save Ulen.  It would be a very uncomfortable ride but they would manage.  Ulen found himself riding in company with Dorn, Raul, Tristan, Turin, and Gathir.  It seemed the Lady had quickly gathered some of her most talented servants to accompany her to meet the dragon, perhaps anticipating just such an outcome.
The monster took to the air and flew slowly, allowing her small escort to keep up.  She seemed pleased at the pace the unicorns could maintain compared to normal horses and they traveled much more quickly than she had hoped.  After three days of hard travel, little food, and minimal rest they finally arrived at the place where the young dragon had disappeared.  The weary Brethren dismounted and spread out to search the area for some sign as to the direction the kidnappers had fled with their prey.  It was not difficult to find the trail, but the men now had a week's lead on them.  The unicorns could close the gap if they did not lose the trail.  They sent the frantic dragon off to scout ahead.  She returned with no news but clutched a deer in one great foreleg.  She understood that her human companions could not go on indefinitely without food or rest and thus helped as she could before they set out on the next leg of their journey.
 They rose early the next morning, ready to press hard upon the heels of their quarry.  The trail was obvious, as the men responsible seemed intent on avoiding trails and roads frequented by other men and thus were forced to make their own.  The unicorns moved easily through the tangled forest and made much more progress in a day than men traveling on horseback with a dragon in tow could manage in three.  Tristan wondered how they had captured the beast, how they made it follow them, and how they kept their horses from going mad.  The creature had to be under some evil enchantment and they must have exposed the horses to the enchanted dragon until his scent and sight no longer aroused terror in their mounts.  As they traveled, the trail gradually became fresher and they appeared to be gaining ground.  The terrain certainly hindered the kidnappers but they did not wish to be seen by others and start rumors thus they were forced to cut a trail through the trackless forest.  The dragon scouted from the air but could see little in the dense forest below.  They did not know what to expect when they fell upon their quarry, but the thought of confronting someone able to master the dark arts was a chilling thought indeed.
 
Durbin and his henchmen quietly approached the clearing and the crack in the side of the hill that sheltered their prey.  He had spent months searching the Wilds for just such a chance and finally he had found where a rather young and therefore vulnerable dragon lurked.  The creature could not be very old and he hoped his ability to cloud the minds of others applied to species beyond man.  They could not capture the beast else.  They tied the horses a safe distance from the cave that they might not spook when the creature emerged.  At this age, dragons were more animal than rational creature.  Their intelligence and reasoning matured with age and at this point in their lives, they were little more than fearsome predators determined to survive.  Only with time and interaction with other thinking creatures would their rational thought develop.  The hope of Durbin's masters was that the creature could be charmed by their dark magics and then somehow trained or tamed and developed into a terrible weapon.  Failing that, they hoped this event might again spawn the wars that once raged between men and dragons, the ensuing chaos and destruction would be delightful.  
They cautiously left the cover of the trees and approached the wounded hillside.  Sensing their presence, the young monster came snarling out of the cave ready to tear them to shreds and feast on whatever remained.  As the creature appeared in the open, Durbin began the same arcane chanting the Brotherhood used to charm the Lurkers of the north until they could be fitted with a bewitched breastcollar that would then control their minds.  Such witchery did not work on rational creatures but the dragon was yet far from that point.  Durbin's men fell back in fear as the dragon charged towards them but as the chanting began, it faltered in its steps and then stood still and gazed blankly at Durbin.  Durbin smiled and nodded for his minions to complete their task.  Carefully they approached the stunned beast and placed the specially designed collar around its neck.  Once it was in place, a glazed look entered its eyes and Durbin ceased his chanting.  The enchantment held for now, the creature was under their control but would it last as his rationality matured and he became less animal and more sapient being?  Once the monster was secure, they slowly brought the horses into the clearing to acclimate them to their new traveling companion.
The horses reared, snorted, and tried to flee at sight of the monster but with much time and patience they eventually quieted and were not so apt to panic in the presence of the beast.  Once this was accomplished, they set out immediately that they might elude the creature's parents, should they choose to visit their offspring.  Dragons were strange about relationships and there was no knowing if his parents took any interest in him at all.  Some did, some did not.  Durbin sent riders ahead and behind to scout and watch their back trail lest they be ambushed.  As the days passed, he occasionally saw a great dragon pass overhead and assumed the mother was on the hunt for her stolen offspring.  When she was sighted they froze and waited for her to pass.  The dense foliage hid them well from the searching creature.  There was much they did not know about the future of their plan, but at least the first part had been accomplished.  Their progress was slow, but they passed without being seen by anyone, which was much to their advantage because such a captive would inevitably draw comment or the silencing of tongues would draw unwanted attention. 
Almost two weeks after their capture of the beast, two of the four men he had sent to watch their back trail returned, one clutching a bloodied arm.  The uninjured man yelled, "we are being followed.  Six mounted men are close behind us, upon our very heels!"  As he spoke, their foes fell upon them with a fury.  The dragon stood there dumbly, ignorant of the swirl of death that raged around it.  There had been twelve men counting Durbin, four scouted ahead and four had watched the back trail.  Only two of the men watching their tail had returned thus evening their numbers.  Their foes fought skillfully and were more than a match for Durbin's pathetic minions.  Two of the attackers fell, but all six of the men who had snatched the dragon were defeated.  
Once their foes had been disabled, the Brethren dismounted and approached the fallen men, friend and foe alike.  Raul clutched an arm but was sitting upright, his unicorn nuzzled him in concern.  Ulen lay unmoving on the ground, his unicorn stood over the body dejectedly, casting malevolent glances at their fallen foes.  Tristan sighed sadly, there was nothing they could do for their fallen comrade.  He approached Durbin, whose breath was coming in pained gasps.  Durbin laughed painfully, "your friend was good but I am better!  A few more years and he might have been unstoppable.  I am afraid we shall never see what will come of him."  
"Who are you and why did you steal the dragon?" asked Tristan.  
The man laughed again and winced in pain, "you think I will waste my last moments helping my enemies?  Know that I am your enemy and not the last of my kind.  I hope we haunt your dreams, for we shall surely ruin your plans.  All shall come to naught one day..."  The life went from his eyes as his body went limp before dissolving into an inky pool of ooze.  
Tristan stepped back in disgust, wondering who these strange men were.  He turned to one of the surviving villains, "to whom do you and your vile master claim allegiance?"  
The man shrugged, "we are here for the money.  We are mercenaries, we do not bother with moral proclivities.  Whoever is paying us decides our momentary allegiance.  I do not know to what fell brotherhood he belonged."  
 Tristan sighed.  There was nothing to do but bury the dead and return home.  He looked to the object of their pursuit, which stood uncaring and unmoving.  He dared not loose the creature from its bonds until everyone was safely away from it.  It would kill them all given the chance.  He sent Turin ahead to find the frantic mother and allay her concerns while the rest of them busied themselves with securing the prisoners and taking care of the dead and wounded.  They all remained on their guard for the returning scouts.  The scouts never returned; they must have realized something was wrong and left their comrades to their fate.  Now the question was what to do with the baby dragon?
The mercenaries thought their leader was somehow able to command it to move or stop at will.  With the man dead there was no one with control over the hypnotized beast and they made little progress trying to lead or push it.  Its mother had landed in a clearing a half-mile from their current location but there was no way to get the youngling to its waiting parent.  The two surviving mercenaries were put on their horses and led safely from the area by Dorn and Raul.  The rest of the Brethren mounted up and prepared to run.  They did not want to be too close to the thing when it was loosed from the spell that currently bound it.  
Using a long stick, Tristan broke the milky red crystal on the breastcollar and the results were instantaneous.  The hazy look left its eyes to be replaced by utter fury.  The unicorns needed no urging to run as the creature gave chase.  The unicorns could have easily outrun the thing but they wanted to lead it into the waiting claws of its mother.  They entered the clearing and rode to the far side of the dragon, who snatched up her enraged offspring.  With animal fury it snapped and clawed at its mother’s forelegs as she clutched it tightly.  It was a thing only a mother could love.  
She glanced derisively towards the surviving kidnappers and said to Tristan, "you will see these men face justice?"  
He nodded, "they will be punished for their crimes according to the appropriate laws."  
She smiled coldly, "good then this matter is at an end."  
She then looked at him a little sadly and said, "I see you are missing a man.  He did not survive?"  
Tristan nodded sadly, "he did his duty madam."  
She nodded sadly, "it is strange to think that some men would steal an innocent child while others would die defending him.  You are a strange and wonderful folk.  You have my thanks."  Tristan bowed in his saddle as she leapt into the air with her struggling offspring.
 They made their way back to the nearest road and home.  As they sat about the fire that night, Tristan and Dorn sat down beside Raul, who seemed to be struggling to maintain his composure.  Dorn said gently to his apprentice, "what troubles you?  It has been a hard day for us all, but you seem greatly distressed."  
The boy's eyes threatened tears as he said, "it is I that should be dead, not Ulen."  
"Why do you say that?" asked Tristan, "We all must die one day but why are you so sure today was supposed to be your day?"  
One tear escaped and ran slowly down his cheek as he said, "as we fell upon the kidnappers I found myself facing the leader and greatly outmatched.  It was he that injured me and would have slain me had not Ulen interfered.  He finished his foe quickly and came to my rescue.  He rode between us and literally pushed me from the saddle and out of the fight.  I had all I could do not to be trampled but I could not keep my eyes from the pair.  I have never seen a fight between such skilled foes.  It was almost beautiful in a strange way, if one can ignore the dire consequences of the situation.  The vile man stabbed Ulen through the chest as he was busy getting me out of the way, but it did not slow him down.  Once I was safely out of reach, Ulen set upon the man with a fury, though you could see he was in great pain and could hardly breath.  After a heated exchange, Ulen finally managed to drive his blade home but a moment later fell from his saddle and moved no more.  It should be me buried in an unmarked grave and he who is riding home victorious."  
Tristan put an arm around the boy, "would you have given your life for his?"  
Raul nodded, "of course, he is the more skilled between us and it should be me that dies before him.  He can be of much more use to others than ever I could."  
Dorn smiled gently, "you cannot know that.  Besides, it is not a matter of skill or usefulness but of the Master's plans for our lives.  It was his time nor did he die in vain.  Do not feel guilty for how things turned out, he knew full well what he was doing.  You would have done the same.  Now gather your courage and go on with your life.  You are but parted for a time."
 "I do not understand," said the boy, "the Master went to all the trouble of bringing him back to us and even bringing him back from the dead, but what did he accomplish?  All that to save my life?"  
Tristan smiled wistfully, "we cannot know the full reason behind anything this side of death.  Things happen for many reasons and much good can come out of the greatest tragedy if only we will trust that the Master knows what He is about.  All things work together for His purposes.  Do not try to rationalize everything or you shall go mad."  
Raul nodded sadly, "I shall trust the Master in this as in all things."  
Dorn smiled and clapped the boy on the back, "then you shall do very well indeed!"  
Raul smiled weakly, still missing his friend but no longer gnawed by guilt.  The two captives were not very talkative or interested in interacting with their captors.  They knew very well what the penalty was for involvement in any sort of activity related to slavery.  Their futures certainly looked short and grim.  They made their way back to Astoria as quickly as the horses could manage.  The Lady met them in the courtyard and welcomed her servants home.  She was grieved at the loss of Ulen but encouraged to know no harm had come to the young dragon.  She was mystified by Tristan's account of yet another man with strange, evil powers that dissolved into a nasty black puddle upon death.  "What of the four fled mercenaries?" asked the Lady.  
Turin said, "we followed their trail and lost it once they found their way to the main road.  I fear they scattered in four different directions and we have no way of knowing who they are.  We could spend the rest of our lives searching."  
The Lady nodded, "it is a shame that they escape justice but I agree that there is little that can be done.  What of your guests?"  
Tristan said, "they were found in possession of the young dragon and thus can be accused of participating in a form of slavery.  They will stand trial and face the prescribed punishment for their actions."  
The Lady looked grimly at the captives and said, "have you anything to say for yourselves?"  
The first man laughed mirthlessly, "we sell our lives to the highest bidder, eventually the bill will be greater than we can pay.  This day was bound to come eventually.  It will be a swifter death than others I could imagine."  
The Lady was surprised, "you do not regret your actions?  You kidnapped a sapient creature!"  
The second man smirked, "I would not exactly call the thing sapient, at least not yet.  I have seen wiser dogs.  Thus can it be considered slavery if the creature has no rational mind as of yet?"  
The Lady smiled grimly, "is it any less an offense to murder an infant than an adult human?  I think not.  Whether a creature is capable of rational thought at the moment is irrelevant, it is a member of a race known for such capabilities and therefore cannot be mistaken for anything but a sapient creature.  I have known men to act like animals but never beasts to act like men.  A higher creature can stoop to lower levels but an animal cannot ascend on high.  Take them away until I have time for a proper trial."  The Brethren escorted the men away, confused at their lack of concern for either their actions or their futures.

 Several days later, after all had been accomplished, Raul sat with Dorn in the shade of an ancient tree and said, "I do not understand what drives a man's heart and his decisions?  Ulen was once a cold-blooded killer and then gave me the greatest gift one man can bestow upon another.  How can the same man be capable of such behavioral extremes?"  
Dorn said, "it is always a curious exercise to think what we each might have been had we made different decisions.  We are all blessed with various gifts and strengths, but also each have peculiar weaknesses.  If we give into our weaknesses and baser feelings and use our gifts for selfish purposes we can each become terrible and despicable people.  But if we fight against our weaknesses and use our gifts for the benefit of others there is no telling how much good may come of it.  We are all capable of becoming the greatest of saints or the most terrible of villains.  The Master could have made us without conscious choice and forced us into one role or the other, but His great gift to us was the gift of choice.  Ulen's life was an example of what happens when we exercise that gift for both good and evil."  
Raul looked uneasy, "but is anyone truly strong enough to be a good person?  There are so many temptations to give into selfishness."  
Dorn smiled, "no man alone can achieve success but the more you trust in the Master and His strength, the stronger you will become in resisting temptation."  
Raul smiled weakly, "life is certainly more complicated than I had once imagined.  I had thought joining the Brethren would make life simpler, if not easier."  
Dorn laughed, "living as you should is never easy and requires constant vigilance and struggle against your baser instincts.  Evil and selfishness come naturally and will overtake us if ever we grow lax in our fight.  If you want an easy life you must not seek it here, but it is certainly worth the effort."  
Raul sighed, “I have never much liked weeding the garden but it seems all of life is a garden and unless we are assiduous in keeping the weeds of selfishness at bay they will soon overrun your soul.”  
Dorn clapped the boy on the back and said, “well said, perhaps you should join the Philosopher sect and spend your life writing down such wisdom.”  They both laughed at the thought of spending their lives trapped in a library, but then many of the Philosophers thought their more adventurous comrades were similarly mad in their choice of occupation.
Tristan approached the pair and said, “I am sorry to interrupt, but the Lady wishes to see us.”  The pair sprang to their feet and hurried off so as not to keep the Lady waiting; Tristan followed quickly after.  They entered the Lady’s chambers, bowed, and took their place beside Turin, who was already present.  
The Lady smiled as they entered and said, “I know you have just returned from your adventures with the dragon but I have need of you once more.  Emilia sends word from Gimmer and requests our aid.  She is in dire straits, having fallen into the hands of those who will not see reason.”  The four looked at the Lady in concern.  
Turin asked, “bandits?”  
Tristan said, “the Order?”  
The Lady smiled and said, “I am afraid that it is even worse than that.  She is currently the unwilling guest of the Gimmerian aristocracy.”  The others exchanged a confused look but remained silent as the Lady continued, “it is Gimmerian custom that the young nobles look outside the nobility when seeking a potential spouse; they seek out the brightest and best of the peasants to invite into their lofty circles.  The Gimmerians are zealous stockmen and take great pride in their stockbreeding and have even applied their stockbreeding theories to their personal lives.  It is thought that if they limit themselves to the nobility they may be missing out on some desirable trait that might be found in the wider population.  It is not a bad idea perhaps, as the bloodlines of some of the noble families in many countries seem far too shallow for my taste.  The problem comes when a Gimmerian noble settles upon a certain person and that person does not share their view on things.  By Gimmerian law, the peasant has no say in the matter, thus has Emilia been drawn into the heart of Gimmerian politics.  She of course has refused to cooperate with their schemes but her suitor also will not relent.  Thus they are at an impasse and both Emilia and the young man’s father have sent for our aid in this matter.”  
The four exchanged another mystified look and Tristan said, “and how are we to settle this matter?”  
The Lady smiled wryly, “if I knew the answer to that I would have sent a pigeon and spared all of us the hassle.  You will think of something, you always do.  May the Master ride with you.”  The four bowed themselves out and quickly made ready for their journey.


Chapter 9

The journey to Gimmer was uneventful and swift.  They first made their appearance before the King, as was thought polite when dealing in matters pertaining to the nobility.  He found the whole affair amusing and wished them luck in their endeavors, for he was sure they would need it in dealing with that particular family.  They then made their way to the lands held by the second most powerful clan in Gimmer.  The estate rolled on for miles and was a patchwork of fertile fields, lush pasture, and carefully tended woodlands.  They approached the great and rambling house that was and had been home to countless generations of this particular family.  Servants came to take the horses of the strange foursome that dared approach so noble a place without an invitation.  The Steward approached to ask after their names and business, ready to send them packing if they did not have a very good reason for trespassing upon the lands and time of his most honorable lordship.  
The Brethren bowed politely and the man returned the bow to the appropriate degree.  The Steward asked, “and what vital business brings you to this esteemed estate?”  
Tristan said, “we are come from Astoria at the behest of your lord and one of our comrades.”  
The man arched an eyebrow but said, “you are expected.  Follow me.”  They left their mounts to the servants and did as the man asked.  The Steward had not expected the legendary Brethren to show up upon the doorstep looking little more than common vagabonds but he kept his thoughts to himself.  He escorted them to a small parlor where they could await the pleasure of his master.
Usually a Lord of his standing would keep visitors of this caliber waiting for a few hours simply to remind them of their own unimportance but curiosity drove him quickly to the parlor in which his guests dwelt.  Lord Graham was an aging man and it was his eldest son that wished to wed the mysterious storyteller, thus it was a matter of great import to the future of the Lord and his family.  The servant preceded his Lordship into the room and announced him.  The four travel worn men bowed politely and Graham nodded to the appropriate degree.  He said, “my son has chosen his bride but she will not abide by our laws and agree to the wedding.  You have thus been summoned to change her mind.”  The Brethren shared a surprised look, they had thought they were to talk the son out of his intentions.  
Tristan said, “with all respect my lord, this union can never take place.”  
The lord grinned coldly, “never is not a word I know the meaning of.  Your comrade will agree to this union or shall remain a prisoner in my house until she does.”  
Tristan said, “do you not understand what it is that keeps the lady from abiding by your son’s wishes?”  
The man laughed, “she has said much about duty and honor and perhaps something about an Oath but what is that to me?”  
Tristan smiled grimly, “it is everything to you sir.  The lady is sworn to the Brethren and cannot marry outside our order.  If she does then she shall break her Oath.”  
Graham was curious, “and why does this trouble you, save for losing a comrade?”  
Tristan said, “one of the benefits of our service is a lifespan thrice that of other men.  If the Oath is revoked or broken then our natural age shall swiftly come upon us.”  
“Yes?” said the old man, quite fascinated.  
Tristan smiled, “the lady is of an age with myself and I am verging on a hundred years of age.  If you force this issue, the bride may not long survive the wedding or your son may find himself married to quite an old lady.”  
The man stared at them in disbelief, “can this be true?”  The four Brethren nodded grimly.  The man sighed, “then we must find some way to settle this matter to the satisfaction of all.  My son is quite set in his choice, but perhaps he will listen to you.”  The man summoned a servant who quickly went in search of the heir.  
The young man entered, nodded to his father, and smirked at his guests, “and what is this merry band of brigands after?”  
The Brethren bowed politely and Tristan said, “the Lady of Astoria has sent us to give aid to you in your nuptial crisis.”  
The boy smiled, “come to convince my bride to abide by my wishes, have you?”  
Tristan shook his head and said, “it cannot be.  Your intended is honor bound to wed no man outside the Brethren and if she does, she will quickly succumbed to her advanced years upon violating her Oath.”  
The boy looked horrified and said, “this cannot be true!”  
Tristan smiled grimly, “know by the Oath that it is.  Your bride-to-be is nearly a century old and will not long survive a wedding.”
The boy then remembered something that Tristan had said, “and may we wed should I join your little club?”
Tristan smiled sadly, “upon joining the Brethren you forsake all claims to rank, title, and wealth.  If you truly wish to woo the lady that is your only choice but you will no longer be heir to your father’s title or your own master.”  Neither the boy nor his father looked happy with these tidings.
The young man looked truly puzzled and said, “I have my heart set on marrying, if not this woman, then a woman no less worthy.  It would be difficult, if not impossible, to find another woman of such quality yet I refuse to settle for less, though I am unable to have the woman I have chosen.  I would rather die a bachelor than settle for less and as long as I remain unmarried, the woman must remain an unwilling guest in my house until she marries me or I marry another.  It is considered quite improper to release such a recalcitrant bride until a suitable replacement has been found.  This task usually falls to the woman’s brothers and only in extreme circumstances where either the woman or her family is dead set against the match.  If you wish to free your friend you must find me a willing bride who is at least her equal in beauty, wisdom, character, and talent, else you must wait for me to die of old age.”  
The father looked quite astonished at his son’s determination and said, “you would let our house fall into ruin simply because you cannot have this particular woman?”  
The boy smiled, “it is a matter of honor father, I will not let just any woman be mother to the next generation of our house.  It is better to end our line now than let it fall into decay because of bad breeding.”  This of course made no sense whatsoever to the Brethren but the man seemed to take it as commonsense.  
The lord nodded reluctantly, agreeing to his son’s seeming wisdom.  “Very well,” he said, “it shall be as you deem it must but I cannot say I look forward to seeing the last days of my house.  Perhaps one of your younger and less picky siblings should assume your place as my heir?”  The boy looked horrified and the old man laughed gently, “I was only teasing my son.  This thing shall be as it must.”
Tristan sighed, “is there no other way to settle this matter?”  
The boy laughed, “you could challenge me to a duel but I doubt that would go well with your Oath, and if you won you would be required to marry the woman which would still not solve your problem.  There are few ways out of such a circumstance because usually the peasants consider it highly desirable for their children to be so selected.”  
Tristan laughed, “she is a dear friend but ever more a sister than a wife to me.  Not that I would long survive breaking my Oath by dueling with you for no just cause.”  
The boy smiled grimly, “then you had best go out and find me a more promising bride.  Perhaps I shall go with you as I am greatly in need of an adventure to take my mind off these troubling circumstances.  If I had known getting married was so much trouble I should have thought to remain a confirmed bachelor!”  Soon after the young lord and his father excused themselves, they allowed their prisoner to spend some time with her comrades, which greatly cheered her.  There was nothing worse in Emilia’s mind than idleness.  She could not wait to be free of her gilded cage.  The Brethren were given rooms for the night and on the morrow they set off to find a suitable bride for the recalcitrant young lord.  Emilia watched them ride off and hope stirred in her heart.

The full moon was just starting to rise, dew was heavy on the grass, and mist was creeping through the hollows of the land.  The stars were brilliant overhead but all but the brightest vanished as the moon made its full glory known.  Crickets sang and a cool breeze played through the leaves as fireflies glimmered in the night like so many wandering stars.  A tall figure, pale in the moonlight, ghosted silently through the night on naked feet.  The wind played through the folds of her flowing, gossamer gown and the tresses of her long, golden hair.  A casual observer might be forgiven for mistaking her for some fairy strayed out of old tales or perhaps a nymph abroad on business of her own.  But she was no ethereal being but a simple girl who loved the night, the harp, and unicorns.  On such nights as this she was often found in the meadows and woods around her tiny village after all sensible folk had gone to bed.  
She carried her grandmother’s harp and wore an ancient dress of unknown lineage that she had found in the attic and felt quite appropriate for her quest.  She had always loved unicorns since first she heard the tales and legends in which they were wont to frequent.  And since she was old enough to dream it had been her quest to if not tame such a beast, to at least glimpse one.  So it was that every night of fair wind and bright star, she stole from her room and roamed the darkness hoping for even the slightest glimpse of legend.  She knew little of the beasts save what she could glean from half-remembered stories, but she knew with all her heart that they must wander abroad on such magical nights and that if she persisted long enough, with a heart full of hope and innocence, she must encounter one at last.
She wore the antique dress, went barefoot, and wore her hair loose, save for a slight braid holding back the more troublesome strands from her face.  She sat and played the harp hoping to lure the creatures to her with sweet music.  But her years of effort had availed nothing, but ever she persisted in what others might call folly but it was for these moments that she lived, for though she did not see unicorns, she dwelt for a moment in the magical world in which they must abide.  Thus it was that she cooked, cleaned, and served at table from sunrise to well after dark in her father’s inn, and afterwards, when all others went gratefully to their beds, she donned the ancient dress and walked once more a princess under the stars.  
Through the years many storytellers and musicians had wandered through their humble inn and entertained their guests.  She had absorbed all they had to teach, though none knew of the keen mind lurking behind the placid eyes and weary face; to them she was just another of the girls who worked in the kitchens and served at table.  Her father knew of her strange nocturnal wanderings but said nothing, for she was a quiet girl and diligent in her duties.  The village had long ceased to whisper about such eccentric behavior and seemed to tolerate it with an amused sort of neglect.  She never caused any harm and was otherwise a quiet, well-behaved sort of girl.  The occasional midnight wanderer sometimes glimpsed her far off and often went away wondering if he had spied some sprite or dryad strayed out of old tales but was too afraid to approach the mystical creature to inquire further into the matter.  And so it seemed her life would continue, ever she hoped to have her heart’s desire but she never despaired no matter how often she tried and failed.  She knew one day she must succeed, for were not the creatures drawn to maidens of pure heart and good intention?
So it was that she sat this night playing a pastoral piece on her harp, ever watchful for the slightest sign of her quarry.  She often glimpsed deer and sometimes a fox or other nighttime wanderer, but never had she seen a unicorn.  She heard a slight rustling in the bushes nearby, but continued to play as if she heard nothing strange.  Suddenly a rabbit burst out of the undergrowth and vanished into the thick shrubs on the other side of the glade in which she sat.  She sighed and continued her music.  She then turned her head and stopped in mid-stroke, for there behind her stood a unicorn.  He glowed with the pale light of the moon, every bit as beautiful and glorious as all the stories told.  She dared not move for fear he might startle and vanish forever into the misty woods.  He seemed to find the whole situation amusing but did not seem on the brink of flight.  In fact he just stood there as if waiting for something.  
The girl finally found her tongue and said, “hello fairest of all creatures that go on four legs.  Long have I desired to look upon one of your kind.  Are you able to understand the speech of men?”  The creature nodded and a delighted smile crossed the girl’s face.  “Was it my music that brought you?” asked she.  He nodded again.  She smiled in pleasure and said, “why have I never seen any of your kind before?  Perhaps it is just that you are not often wont to travel in this part of the world?  It is said your folk live mostly in the ancient woods of the north.”  The creature nodded again.
She asked, “will you be staying long?”  The creature made a non-committal noise.  “Can you speak to me as I can to you?” asked she hopefully.  The unicorn shook his head, apparently this was as good as it was going to get for communication.  She said, “it grows late and I must get a little sleep but shall I see you again?”  The creature nodded and then vanished into the fleeting night.  She smiled in ecstasy as she swiftly made her way home to get what little sleep she could before another grueling day.  She could not wait for the following evening.  She slipped into her bed and slept for a few hours before the clamoring of her sisters as they prepared for the day wakened her from very pleasant dreams.  Perhaps the creature would bear her away from her tedious existence into adventures and places undreamt by mortal man.  She chased away these thoughts and focused her mind on the day before her.  She put on her drab and much patched dress, pulled her hair into a severe bun, and placed a faded kerchief on her head.  She smiled ruefully, thinking she must look quite the opposite the elfin maid that she sometimes felt alone under the stars.

Tristan, his three companions, and the young lord Jarbek had been traveling for a few weeks and had yet to encounter even one young woman to interest the young lord in the least.  They had met many young ladies but none to meet the standards of the finicky lordling.  The weary serving girl brought them their breakfast and Tristan thanked her for her efforts.  She might as well not have existed as far as the young lord was concerned.  She was quite a striking creature if you could get past the smudge of grease on her cheek and her much-mended peasant garb, but the young lord would not even look at such a lowly creature.  Tristan wondered if he expected to find a wayward princess in some rustic inn.  At this rate they would be searching forever.
The girl smiled in thanks for the kind words of the stranger and went to attend to the other guests.  The five men paid their bill and left shortly thereafter in search of more prospective beauties.  The girl continued in her duties and soon forgot the strangers in the bustle of her myriad chores.  Finally, the last guests wandered home or to bed, the final mugs were washed, the fire was banked, and all went wearily to their beds, save the girl who eagerly swapped the ill-fitting dress for the more elegant and mysterious dress of unknown origin.  She slipped quietly into the night in search of her unicorn.  She returned to her customary place and began her song, and not long after, the stallion again appeared silently out of the night.  He whickered a greeting and she smiled warmly.  
She stopped her music and cautiously approached the great creature.  He allowed the girl to approach and to stroke his great neck.  He looked at her expectantly and a puzzled look played across her face.  Then pure joy erupted in her heart as she asked, “would you let me ride you?”  The creature nodded and allowed her to awkwardly mount.  She was not used to riding but it seemed the unicorn knew her precarious situation and easily kept her on his back.  She had neither saddle nor bridle but then she would have little knowledge of how to use either anyway.  As soon as she was safely astride the creature, he took off like the wind.  It was one of the most exhilarating experiences of her life.  She felt as if she were flying across a moonlit sea of grey-green grass that rippled in the wind of their passing.  It was as if moonlight had briefly taken the form of a mounted woman then vanished swiftly into the night.  Far too soon, they approached the inn in one of the neighboring villages.  
She had hoped the magical ride would have ended at a more enchanted location, but who was she to question the decisions of her noble mount?  The unicorn made no move to be on his way and as she thought about dismounting, he briefly laid his ears back and she thought better of it.  They stood there in the road like moonlight incarnate for a few minutes until a man appeared, walking along the road.  He saw the strange vision before him and could not determine which was more glorious: the unicorn or she who sat upon it.  These thoughts had barely coursed through his mind before the pair vanished into the night, leaving the young lord alone with his astonishment and the darkness.  After the initial shock had worn off, he ran into the inn to wake his traveling companions.  He had found his bride.  Now all he need do was catch her.
Tristan was astounded to be awoken at such an hour with such a tale, but the man was convinced in what he had seen and was determined to marry that particular vision in white.  The man did not connect legends of the unicorns with the Brethren in any way; he had not even considered them real creatures until a moment ago.  But now he was determined to track the beast and woo its mistress.  The Brethren thought the young lord had simply had too much to drink and had been wandering in the dark and imagining things, but they must pursue this mysterious woman if she truly existed.  The four Brethren queried their own mounts and none had been abroad this night, but they confirmed that Emilia’s mount had been in the area only moments ago.  This mysterious girl was certainly not Emilia and no unicorn would willingly carry another unless so bidden by their rider in situations of desperate need.  Something rather strange was afoot.  They spent the balance of the day talking with the locals on their knowledge of unicorns (at the urging of Jarbek) and of course came away with no answers.  What was Emilia’s mount up to?  They retired early in hopes of spending most of the night in search of the mysterious girl (again at the lord’s behest).
After their brief encounter with the young man, the unicorn dropped the girl safely at her own inn and a meeting was again arranged for the following evening.  After her duties were completed for the day she quickly donned her gown and met the stallion upon her very doorstep for another midnight ride.  They rode again to the neighboring inn and she began to wonder what the creature found so interesting in the place.  This time they were not alone in the night.  Five mounted men saw the pair and gave chase.  The girl thought to be afraid but then remembered of what kindred her glorious mount was and knew only the exhilaration of the chase.  Four of the horsemen kept apace easily but the fifth began to lag.  One of the four turned back and pulled the lagging man into the saddle before him.  
The four then resumed their pursuit of the girl and her mount.  It was an exciting night and soon her pursuers were left far behind.  The creature seemed pleased with the night’s adventure and again left her at her door.  She wanted to cry, after such an adventure to endure another day’s tedious labor was almost unbearable.  The creature seemed to sense her uneasy thoughts and whickered reassuringly.  She then boldly asked, “can you bear me away from such drudgery?  Wherever we go must be better than anything that holds me here.”  The unicorn nodded and she smiled, “I shall meet you then tomorrow night and you shall take me wherever you will.”  The stallion reared and pawed the air in what seemed to be joy, then vanished into the night.
The following day, during her few moments of respite she wrote a note to her family and packed her scant belongings.  When all were gone to bed, she took the satchel that contained all her worldly possessions, the case holding her harp, and met her rescuer upon the front step.  Soon they were off into the night and on their way to the far too familiar inn.  The four Brethren waited patiently in the darkness and as expected, Emilia’s mount came again to their inn bearing the mysterious girl.  They knew not what he was up to but did as he asked.  They would again give chase.  The eager young lord sat before Tristan in the saddle and was hoping this night to catch the mysterious young woman who had captured his heart.  
The pair was sighted and the chase began anew.  He was disappointed to have fallen behind last night but the Brethren seemed sure that tonight they could not possibly fail.  The creature ran on ahead of them, close enough that it was nearly a taunt but too far yet to capture their enigmatic quarry.  The Brethren eventually fell behind as the night failed and dawn began to break; the young lord was nearly mad with desperation, but the Brethren convinced the overeager young man that their quarry must rest as well.  They slept for much of the day and resumed their chase as the sun set.  As they swung into their saddles, the unicorn appeared on the horizon and seemed to challenge them to a race.  They followed swiftly after.
For three days the pursuit continued until the young lord found himself once again home.  The girl had no choice but to ride when the unicorn wished to run and sleep when he stopped.  She was quickly growing weary of the chase and wondered what would meet her at its end.  Finally in the dead of night on the third day they stopped before a great manor house belonging to some unknown lord.  Now this was a more proper end to her adventure than some shabby old inn, but she had hoped for a shining castle and a knight in proper armor.  What she found was a number of agitated guards, servants, and five weary horsemen.  The unicorn would let no one touch him or his rider.  The guards and servants were quickly sent about their business by one of the five men who had pursued the girl for three long days.  But neither could he approach the mysterious young woman.  At least the creature made no move to continue his flight.  He seemed to be waiting for something.  The young lord called to the girl, but she did not dare answer him.  She simply sat her mount and waited for whatever would happen next.  The other four horsemen gathered around the man who had dismissed the guards and they conferred quietly.  
Tristan said, “if you wish to approach the girl you must make an exchange.”  
Jarbek looked stunned, “and whose demand is this?”  
Tristan smiled, “if you wish to speak with this young woman you must release your hostage else the unicorn will let you nowhere near the girl.”  
The young lord seemed taken aback, “and how did you come by this information?”  
Tristan’s smile deepened, “unicorns can speak easily to one another and it is a simple matter for the unicorn we pursued to pass along his wishes to our own mounts.  The difficulty comes in trying to understand whatever it is our own mounts try to convey to us.”  
The man looked flabbergasted, “are you telling me you ride unicorns?”  
Tristan laughed, “how else did you think we kept apace of the unicorn without riding our mounts to death?  You saw what happened to your horse that first night.”
The man nodded glumly, “and I suppose the other unicorn is the mount of my prisoner?”  
Tristan nodded, “yes and he demands the return of his mistress.  Then you shall have a chance to talk with the girl but the decision is still hers.  We cannot aid you in this matter if you try to force her into the position already occupied by Emilia.”  
“Very well,” said the man, “I will release your comrade and ask the girl and be content if I am denied.”  A servant was sent running and Emilia was soon brought forth.  
The mysterious girl watched the men discuss something, saw the servant run to the house, and then saw a young woman emerge in answer.  The unicorn whickered in welcome and trotted over to the strange woman.  The seemingly forgotten girl slid from the back of her borrowed mount, put her hands on her hips, and glared at the newcomer, as the unicorn fussed over her as if they had been long sundered.  Emilia saw the anger and disappointment on the girl’s face, and after satisfying her mount’s desperate need to know that she was well, she approached the girl.  The unicorn followed at her shoulder.  The girl said, “what strange tale do I find myself in?  I thought I alone among mortals had the friendship of this dear creature?  Who are you to steal him from me?”  
Emilia smiled gently and said, “no one can steal him from you as he was never truly yours.  He is a thinking creature, as you know, and as such can never belong to anyone but the Master.  But for a time he chose to bear you, a favor not often granted by his race to those outside the Brethren.  As to the tale, it is the strangest tale ever told.  I was the unfortunate woman who attracted the eye of the lord of this place.  I am unable and unwilling to accept his offers of marriage and was thus reduced to an unwilling guest in his house.  My faithful friend and companion could not abide me in such captivity and set about to rectify the situation in the only way he knew how.  Thus he has brought you hither.”
The girl was amazed and confused, “and what part am I to play in this tale?”  
Emilia smiled in anticipation and said, as the men approached, “I think we shall soon discover the truth of the matter.”  
The young man they had encountered that first night approached and went to one knee before the startled young woman, saying, “madam you have bewitched me from the first.  I offer you my hand and all that I possess, you have enchanted my very soul.”  
Suddenly she recognized him as the man from the inn who had failed even to recognize her as a fellow human being.  She said, “have I really?  When first we met you did not even acknowledge my existence.”  
The man looked stricken, “when have we met save for this very moment?”  
She laughed, “I was your serving girl at breakfast near a week gone.”  
Tristan laughed warmly as he recognized the girl, “well met my dear!  You have fooled us all.”  She blushed as she remembered his kind words.  
The desperate lord said, “will you not have me then my lady?”  
She smiled sadly, “I wished for adventure and certainly found it.  I found the unicorn I have ever sought but it seems his devotion belongs to another.  I do not wish to return to my dreary existence but neither can I in good faith consent to be the wife of so conceited a man.  What am I to do?  I thought I had found my dreams but alas they have come to naught.”  
The young lord looked flabbergasted that not only one but two women could so easily refuse his hand and it was the cause of much soul searching on his part.  Thus it was that when he finally did marry he was a much better person than ever he had been.  Emilia took the young girl by the shoulder and said, “perhaps your dreams are not at an end.  Why not come with us and see what Astoria has to offer?  If you do not wish to join the Brethren, you can at least learn much and seek a better life.”  The girl smiled and returned with the Brethren to Astoria.  She happily joined their ranks and finally found her own unicorn, but more importantly she found the Master. 


Chapter 10

The crimson and purple glory of dawn was quickly fading to the more normal shades of morning as the two men rode along the wooded path.  Tristan and Turin had slept little in the terrible storm that had wracked the world the previous night, but the remaining clouds made such a stunning sunrise that the sleepless and soaking night was almost worth it.  Turin put a hand to his mouth to stifle another yawn as Tristan smiled sleepily in commiseration.  At least the growing heat of the day was driving the damp and cold from their clothes and bodies.  They had just completed their latest mission for the Lady and were making their way quickly back to Astoria.  Suddenly both unicorns stopped and stood still as statues, as if intently listening to something beyond human hearing.  As quickly as they had stopped, both screamed in rage and pawed the air.  Only long practice kept their riders in their saddles.  They then galloped madly into the depths of the forest, heedless of overhanging branches or the tangled undergrowth.  
The Brethren had all they could do to hang on and could only wonder what madness had suddenly seized their mounts.  Usually the creatures considered it their duty to assiduously attend to the safety of their riders, but for the moment the Brethren were all but forgotten.  After a mad dash that lasted only minutes but seemed like hours, they found themselves in a large clearing; they were not alone.  The Brethren exchanged a look of astonishment as they surveyed the creature that had caused all the excitement.  Usually another unicorn would not elicit such a response in his kin but there was something dreadfully wrong with the creature.  He was at least a third bigger than any unicorn Tristan had ever seen.  He had also never seen one in its true form that lacked the ubiquitous glow, save for a unicorn in mourning, but at least the grief-stricken creatures were the right color.  Tristan could not decide what color the creature was; it seemed to fluctuate as the creature moved or as the light shifted, ranging from muddy brown to ashen gray to soot.  His eyes held cunning and rage, not wisdom and compassion, as did the eyes of all his kin.  
As the strangers entered the dell, he screamed a challenge.  Turin’s mount screamed back and the usually pale light that suffused the creatures intensified so that he was nearly impossible to look upon.  Turin tried to calm the stallion but he would not be reasoned with; this was a battle he was determined to fight.  Without understanding what was happening, Turin dismounted and removed his mount’s trappings.  The minute he was free of his harness and rider, he charged at the fell looking beast.  Tristan’s eyes were wide and Aria whinnied nervously.  Tristan said quietly, “Aria suggests you mount behind me, for this is no place for men afoot.”  Turin nodded and climbed into the saddle behind Tristan.  Things must truly be critical if a unicorn was suggesting that she bear someone but her own master, especially one so finicky as Aria.  By now the two stallions were circling one another in the center of the glade.  Aria and her riders had pulled back into the woods to watch.
The Brethren had never seen unicorns fight before and had never even considered it possible.  They seemed to get along well with one another and settle things peaceably amongst themselves.  But then they had never seen a unicorn like this.  The creature was massive and looked as if he had been doused with the most fetid swamp water imaginable.  Turin’s much smaller stallion seemed a pony by comparison.  They circled a little more, each screamed his fury, and pawed the ground.  Finally battle was met.  Instead of flailing about with hooves, teeth, and horns as Tristan assumed they would, they locked the base of their horns together and began to push with all their might.  Turin’s stallion tried valiantly but he could not overcome his much stronger adversary.  The great beast pushed him nearly to the brink of the woods.  It was obvious he could not best the monster, he whinnied in fear and frustration, the light about him nearly went out, and he fled into the surrounding woods.  The monster screamed in triumph, tossed his head, and bucked like a colt turned out on fresh pasture.  He then turned his malevolent gaze to the mare and the two Brethren.  
A menacing rumble sounded deep in his throat as he faced the men, but the mare seemed to interest him as only a conspecific female could.  Aria snorted in derision and fled after Turin’s stallion.  The beast gave chase.  The Brethren hung on for dear life but it seemed the brute might be stronger than a regular unicorn, but he had not the speed of his fellows.  He fell behind, and even with two riders, Aria swiftly outdistanced him.  They soon came upon Turin’s stallion, who looked absolutely miserable in the shame of his defeat.  He whickered a greeting as the others entered the little glade where he had sought refuge.  The men dismounted and Aria wandered over and nuzzled him in a comforting manner.  He then approached Turin and the man wrapped his arms around the drooping neck, not understanding but knowing the creature needed support and comfort from his friends.  There is nothing more wretched to look upon than a miserable unicorn.  Finally the defeated creature seemed to regain his former confidence and allowed Turin to mount (albeit without saddle and bridle) and they were soon on their way home.  
They returned to Astoria with all haste after encountering the aberration in the woods.  As they rode, they tried to learn from their mounts exactly what had just happened.  The best either of them could understand was that it was an abomination and a heretic.  How could there be such a thing as a heretical unicorn?  Unicorns were by nature the noblest, wisest, and most faithful of any thinking creature, being themselves the very image of the Master.  To see a deviation from that was akin to seeing trees walk.  They would certainly have a question to ask of the Philosophers once they reached Astoria.  The unicorns were relieved to be putting distance between themselves and the thing, and to avoid more questions about what seemed to be a subject of great embarrassment and distaste.  Finally they reached Astoria and reported to the Lady as soon as she had time to see them.  The unicorns made the rounds of their fellows near and within the city and soon the whole bunch of them were nervous, excited, and upset.  Word of the upset among the unicorns was brought to the Lady as Tristan and Turin made their bows.
As they entered she said, “I have not known unicorns to be gossips but it seems your mounts have caused quite a frenzy among their fellows.  What is going on?  Why is every unicorn in Astoria out of its mind with worry and fear?”  
The two men exchanged a look and Tristan said, “I wish I had an answer.  All I know is that a week gone we encountered some sort of a monstrosity in the guise of a unicorn in the woods as we traveled home.  Turin’s stallion was desperate to face the thing and was soundly defeated.  The creature was massive, felt evil to the core, and was a muddy color and lacked the ubiquitous glow.  All we could get out of our mounts was that the thing was some sort of an abomination or a heretic.  If it is possible, I would call it the antithesis of a unicorn.  Is it possible for a unicorn to forsake the Master?”  
The Lady was stunned into silence and then said, “it cannot be!  Such things exist only in the foggiest stories from the ancient past.”  
“What is it?” asked Turin.  
The Lady turned horrified eyes upon her servants and said, “a black unicorn.”  The Brethren exchanged a shocked look.  A black dragon at least was natural, but it was completely unnatural to think of a unicorn so.  The Lady continued, “as thinking creatures, it is completely possible for them to turn against the Master.  But unlike men, unicorns abide by the Master’s will almost by default.  It is the nature of the species.  They can turn away, but it takes much more effort on their part to do so and the result, as legend has it, is a black unicorn.  We must see the Philosophers immediately.”  The Brethren nodded and escorted the Lady to the library.
The various apprentices, students, and Brethren sequestered in the great library stood and bowed as they saw the Lady enter; she waved them back to their interrupted studies as she desperately sought out the man most likely to know something about this terrible legend.  They found the ancient man dozing in a dusty room at the very back of the intricate maze that was the library of Astoria.  The Lady cleared her throat and the man started awake.  He stood shakily and bowed weakly, he was perhaps the oldest living man among the Brethren.  His voice cracked as he spoke, “to what do I owe the honor of your visit my Lady?”  She motioned for him to sit and he gratefully complied.  
She said, “what know you of Black Unicorns?”  
The man gaped at her, “what does anyone know of such creatures?  They are so rare as to be thought a myth, but then the concept had to originate somewhere.  It has been my life’s work to study the other thinking creatures that inhabit the world, namely dragons and unicorns, and even I know little of these terrifying creatures.  In fact it is thought that only one has ever been seen.  Back in the very beginning of time, when the foundations of Astoria were laid, there was one unicorn that took it into his head to rise above his nature, or rather sink beneath it, and seek dominion over things that were proscribed to his kind.  Much of the tale has been lost in the intervening millennia but it is said that much terror and sorrow were wrought before he was finally dealt with, but how it was ended no legends tell.”  
The Lady asked, “what was his sin?”  
The man said, “the very nature of the unicorn is everything noble and virtuous.  He gives his life in service to the Master by giving it in service to the Brethren.  He willingly trades his life for ours.  His whole life is a testimony of the love the Master has for all His thinking creatures.  While the creatures can be stubborn and argumentative for their own reasons, they are never selfish.  For a unicorn to put himself above anyone or anything else is anathema.”
The Lady asked, “is anything known of these creatures or their powers, abilities, or weaknesses?”  
The old man for a moment seemed lost in thought and then said, “you know well the abilities of the creatures in their natural state: speed, endurance, healing, resistance to evil, and the ability to disguise their identities.  I think these abominations lose much of their former power but what they gain instead is not known.  The records hint at terrible strength and cunning, but little else.  Nothing more is known.  Why all these questions?”  
The Lady said grimly, “a Black Unicorn again walks the earth.”  
The scholar looked grim but said, “perhaps someone should be sent to speak with one of the dragons about this creature?  If anyone will know more it is they.”  
The Lady said, “what threat does this creature pose to others?”  
The man said, “that depends greatly on his powers and desires, but I would not think such a foe loosed upon the lands of men is something any of us would wish to see.”  The Lady thanked him for his help and swiftly sent Tristan and Turin off to ask questions of the dragons.  She then summoned the rest of the Brethren and tried to explain why their mounts were so agitated.  None came away from the briefing without trepidation.  

Tristan and Turin wasted no time in seeking out the oldest of the green dragons known to the Brethren.  It had been long since the Brethren had sought such council but it was always so during mankind’s darkest hours.  Green dragons were known for their wisdom and sometimes amiable relations with men.  Red dragons were infamous for their tempers as black dragons were for their love of evil.  For the most part, men and dragons interacted very little, save when some situation forced them together as had the kidnapping of the hatchling.  They rode for several days and finally arrived at the base of the great cliff that harbored the cave in which the ancient monster was thought to dwell.  The pair approached cautiously and kept a wide berth between themselves and the creature’s lair.  It was not thought polite to encroach too closely upon the domicile of a strange dragon, and when dealing with dragons, politeness was of the utmost importance, unless one wanted to wind up quickly dead.  They also asked the unicorns to appear in their natural forms.
The Brethren had more dealings with dragons than most ordinary men, but even they must be careful.  Aria whinnied a query and the great snoring that emanated from the mouth of the cavern suddenly ceased.  There was a sound of something hard thudding upon stone and an irritated grumbling sort of noise.  A great head emerged looking rather cranky as the creature grumbled about needing a higher ceiling, which was meant to be under its breath but was easily heard by all.  The men would have laughed but the monster looked in no mood to be laughed at.
It looked upon its visitors and frustration turned to curiosity.  The dragon said, “well, well what brings you to my door?  It has been five hundred years at least since the Brethren have come asking after my advice.  It must be something dreadful to bring you after so many years.  Even for a dragon it is a long time!  Is it the end of the world already?”  
Tristan bowed politely to the creature and said, “we come seeking your advice on something we think has not happened since the dawn of time.  The histories of men are sketchy and our memories short, but dragons can remember things that even our oldest legends have forgotten.  A Black Unicorn has been seen and we would know if you know anything of the creatures?”  
It took much to stun a dragon but Tristan had accomplished it.  The creature said, “are you sure?  I always thought the concept an oxymoron!”  The unicorns were quite emphatic in their assurances and the dragon was forced to admit they would know the certainty of the matter.  The dragon said, “all that is known to me of the things is that they are better left to themselves.  Unicorns are known for their keen minds and strange powers.  It is very unwise to deal with such a creature that is also full of malice and its own schemes.  I do not know what they can and cannot do.  Even the vague legends known among the dragons say little, but it seems the creatures are vile enough to cause even a black dragon to think twice about encountering one of them.  I would advise extreme caution.”  They thanked the dragon for his advice, what little of it he had, and rode wearily back to Astoria.  It seemed they would be forced to discover by trial and error how to deal with such a creature.
They crossed the borders into their own country and as they rode along the familiar road home, they encountered a curious sight.  Two men, draped all in black, on black horses were riding steadily along the road ahead of them.  The unicorns whinnied in fear, sensing some strange aura around the men similar to what they had encountered around the Black Unicorn.  The men reined in their mounts and turned to face the approaching Brethren.  The hoods of their cloaks were up and their faces were lost in shadow.  The unicorns stopped and tossed their heads and stomped their feet, uneasy in the presence of such strange men.  Unicorns were never afraid of mere men; they would gladly risk death in defense of their masters.  But there was something about the two strangers that drained the heart right out of them.  The Brethren also felt something eerie in their presence though they could not put a name to the sensation.  
One of the strangers spoke in quiet, hissing tones, “how dare you enter our presence while putting our master’s kin to such ill-use.  It is nothing short of slavery!  You and all your kind have enslaved their noble race from the very beginning, but no more.  It is man that must bow to the whims of the unicorn, no longer will unicorns enslave themselves to men.”  This was going too far.  It was one thing for a unicorn to turn feral, it was quite another for men to claim allegiance to the thing and declare that they were setting the whole race free.
Fear was overcome by righteous indignation.  The whole concept of the Black Unicorn was blasphemous, unnatural, and anathema to unicorns in general, but to say that this should be the natural state of the whole race was enough to drive any unicorn into a fury.  The creatures dropped their charade and voiced their indignation to the world.  Strangely, the horses did not panic upon sighting the true form of the unicorns.  The unicorns would have attacked the strangers had not their riders forcefully held them back.  
Tristan, still struggling with the enraged Aria, said, “what are you doing here and who are you?”  
The man said, “we are those bound to the real unicorn, the one who should be the True Master.  We have come as prophets of doom unless you abide by our pronouncements.  Take us to your precious Lady and let this abomination be ended.”  
The two Brethren exchanged worried looks but saw little choice but to escort the men to Astoria.  The men turned their mounts and continued their slow but steady plod towards the city.  The two Brethren fell in behind for the strangest escort of their lives.  The guards upon the gate did not like the look or feel of the strangers, but Tristan and Turin insisted they be allowed to pass.  However, two of the guards joined them in escorting the strangers to the Lady.  The guards at the castle gates were even more reluctant to let such personages through, but they saw as little choice in the matter as Tristan and Turin had.  The strangers seemed to find it vastly amusing when asked to turn over their weapons to the guards ere they were let into the keep.  The Lady would see them immediately.  By now eight of the Brethren surrounded the men and escorted them into the Lady’s presence.
They did not bow upon entering her chambers but merely glanced around in derision.  One of them scoffed, “so this is all there is to the fabled grandeur of Astoria and its vaunted Lady?”  
The Lady said in her most patient and regal voice, “who are you and what do you want?  Why should I not dismiss you immediately for your lack of decorum?”  
The man’s sneer was heavy in his reply, “we come as harbingers of doom should you fail to act upon our words.  We are the servants of what you would call a Black Unicorn but who we know to be the True Unicorn.  We are the true Brethren and our duty is to serve the True Master, not your pathetic incarnation of myth.  The true purpose of men is to serve the unicorns and not vice versa as has been mistakenly thought since the dawn of time.  Ever have unicorns been slaves to men but no more.  You will end your tyranny or our master shall come upon you in his wrath and see that it is ended.  You have one week to comply else you shall be utterly destroyed.  Once you have freed your slaves, you will then bend knee to our master and he will spare your wretched lives.  All humanity will then follow suit and we will take our proper place as slaves to the True Unicorn.”  The Brethren stared at the men as if they had gone mad, but before they could say anything the strangers turned on their heels and swiftly fled the Lady’s presence.  They found their horses and galloped out of the cursed land of Astoria, leaving the stunned Brethren to contemplate their bizarre words.
Since the Black Unicorn was first sighted a mix of frustration, panic, and outrage had been running through the unicorns found in and around Astoria.  That one of their own kin would completely abandon the Master and the very purpose for which their kind existed was beyond imagining but it had happened.  The declaration that they must now free themselves from their ancient duties pushed them to near fury.  But they could do nothing against the heretic among them, because of old it was strictly forbidden that one unicorn should ever be overtly violent against another, even such a monstrosity as this.  If they had some dispute of honor to settle, the most violent they ever became between themselves was a shoving match as had erupted when the creature was first discovered.  How they were to deal with the beast had yet to be decided.  It was much debated amongst them whether they could even aid their human partners in opposing the thing.  It was finally decided that they could carry their riders into battle but they could not themselves strike out in wrath against the horrible thing.  It would be left to the Brethren to decide how to vanquish the creature, but none knew its goals, its powers, or its weaknesses.  But the day of discovery was soon at hand.
The week passed quickly with nothing being done to ‘free’ the unicorns, and the unicorns themselves were quite adamant that they persist in their ancient duties.  As a precaution, the Lady ordered all civilians to take shelter within the walls of the city as they awaited the coming of their legendary nemesis.  The Black Unicorn arrived promptly with a small contingent of men clad and mounted as the messengers had been.  The creature stood at the gate, pawed the air, and screamed his fury.  One of the black-cloaked men rode forward and demanded of the guards behind the closed gate, “you have failed to act upon the warning you were given.  It is now time to face the consequences of your betrayal.  If you will not free the unicorns willingly, we will free them by force and then all of your people shall bend knee to the Great One.  Send for your precious Lady and let this farce be ended.”  The Lady was duly sent for and rode up to the gate with a sizable escort of the Brethren.  
The spokesman smirked and said, “my master bids you come out and fight old woman and let justice be done this day.  You and your people have terrorized his kin long enough.  Today you shall feel his wrath.  Let your people come out and face the Great One in battle and see who is victorious.  You cannot hide behind these walls because he can break through them and will then wreak havoc upon your innocent citizens.  Know also that any injury inflicted upon the Great One will be passed along to another.  As your enslaved mounts can heal by taking wounds upon themselves, the Great One can heal himself by passing his wounds on to another.  If you hide behind your walls and think to leave things to your archers, know that it is innocents that shall die for your temerity.  The men in company with the Great One are not here by choice, but are held in sway against their will by his greater will.  They will die if you do not meet the Great One as he demands.  Know also that if you fail to defeat him, all your kindred will end as slaves to his will.  Only those with a fervent trust in the Master will be spared this fate, for the Great One cannot yet overcome such a bond, but such infidels will not long survive the fall of your people.”
The Lady looked grim as she contemplated these tidings, as did her followers.  She said, “and what are his demands?”  
The minion smiled coldly and said, “meet him upon the field outside your pathetic city and there we shall see who will triumph this day.  I do not think it will be mankind.  Thus shall end your tyranny.  Slay the Great One and you shall spare your accursed race.  You have one hour.”  The Black Unicorn and his small contingent of men turned abruptly and retreated to the indicated field to await the coming battle.  
The Lady summoned all of her able-bodied servants to her and said, “you have heard the demands of this creature.  Any ideas?”  
Tristan rode forward and said, “I think we must meet his demands, at least there is some hope of prevailing on the field of battle.  He was quite serious when he spoke of the outcomes of our other options.”  
The Lady nodded grimly, “I thought as much but I had hoped someone had a brilliant idea.  We cannot assault the creature en masse else there will be nothing but confusion, but perhaps in singles and pairs we can bring the beast to his knees.  I do not think we can reason with him.  Our own unicorns must make physical contact in order to heal, so too might this beast need some sort of physical or mental connection with us or his slaves to pass on his injuries.  Perhaps if we avoid physical contact with the monster we can avoid taking on our own damage?  We will have to learn as we go and I fear the first of us to face such a creature will be in grave peril until we discover his weaknesses and put them to good use.  But the creature must be overcome one way or another or mankind will face a terrifying future.  May the Master ride with us!”
With these words, the gates were flung open and the entire company made its way out into the open fields for what might be their final battle.  The creature stood in the middle of the great field and screamed his wrath and eagerness to the world.  His followers stood quietly in the shade of a lonely tree, waiting their master’s pleasure.  Long had the monster wrestled with his restless heart that yearned to be free of the duties that bound up his kind in service to men.  Finally he had overcome his fear and thrown off the yoke that enslaved his people and this day he would make an end of that yoke forever.  His people simply did not understand what they were forced to endure and would not listen to his arguments against such things.  They stubbornly clung to their previous ways and refused to budge.  Thus he must show them the error of their ways and release them from the tyranny that they proudly endured.  
The Brethren formed up in a crescent facing the monster with the Lady at their center.  Two Warriors rode forward to attack the brute.  Several men had bows at the ready, hoping to find an opportune moment to use them.  Perhaps in the chaos of battle the monster would be unable to concentrate enough pass his wounds along to his minions and thus innocent lives might be spared?  The Brethren were treating the concept as if the creature could pass along his injuries mentally to those bound to him, as they were not certain how the whole thing worked they would err on the side of caution.  The creature screamed eagerly and ran forward to meet his foes.
The unicorns of the Brethren screamed their rage though they would not strike against their vile foe.  No one knew if the monster would abide by this stricture himself.  The first Warrior reached the creature and thrust his blade into its heart, only to brush against the monster and fall dead from his saddle as if he had stabbed himself.  The monster whinnied in amusement but seemed unharmed by the exchange; the fallen man’s unicorn screamed in grief and outrage.  The second man fell swiftly upon the beast and struck at its vulnerable throat, only to find himself so slain.  The monster came away unscathed and capered in front of the Lady and her gathered servants who had watched in utter horror.  
The spokesmen taunted from the shade of the tree, “is this all you can do?  If this is your best effort then the Great One shall soon make an end of all of you!”  As he spoke, some of his companions dragged the dead from the field and left the bodies in a haphazard pile not far from the tree.  The grief-stricken unicorns stood off to one side and eyed the monster balefully.  The man spoke again, “send my next victim Lady else I shall fall upon all of you without mercy.”  
The Lady nodded grimly and Tristan rode forward to face the monster alone.  He slowly approached the beast, taking his time, sizing up his foe.  The monster grew tired of waiting and charged at Tristan, teeth bared and struck before Tristan could react.  Aria screamed in rage and grief as the great beast sunk his teeth into Tristan’s shoulder, pulled him from the saddle, and flung him aside like a rag doll.  The aggrieved mare tried to rush towards her fallen master but the heretic blocked her path.  He found great delight in keeping her from her stricken master.  No matter how she ran or dodged he was there to block her.  She was near mad with panic as every fiber of her being longed to be at Tristan’s side.
Tristan screamed in agony as the great teeth sunk into his flesh and was helpless to do anything as the monster tossed him aside like a forgotten toy.  He landed hard and knew his leg was broken.  He watched helplessly as Aria tried desperately to reach him; he felt the anguish in her mind and tried to calm her with what little presence of mind he had left.  Then he felt two stabs of pain in his abdomen and lower chest, as if arrows had pierced him but he could not see the offending shafts.  Each breath became an agony and he knew he had a punctured lung.  Aria’s desperation was near madness.  She screamed in agony and frustration: a sound to wrench the heart of all who heard it.  Even the great monster seemed to pause for a moment but it did not last, and he continued to torment the mare.  Through the haze of pain, Tristan felt someone grabbing his arms as two of the black cowled men began to drag him towards his fallen comrades.  They deposited him inelegantly on the pile and he said weakly, “I am not dead.”  
One of the men smiled mirthlessly and said, “you will be soon enough.  You will take every hurt our master suffers until you cease drawing breath and then he will simply find himself another victim.”  Blackness gnawed at the edges of Tristan’s vision but he fought against the pain and tried to remain conscious.
The Lady watched as Tristan was flung from his saddle and the beast began to torment Aria.  She nodded to two of the bowmen and they let their arrows fly while the monster was distracted with the mare.  The arrows found their mark but they seemed simply to bounce off the beast as if his hide were made of stone.  Tristan spasmed in pain as he took the injury and the Lady signaled the archers to halt their attack.  It would do nothing but kill Tristan.  She watched grimly as two of the cloaked men came forth and dragged Tristan off, leaving him in the company of the dead.  That Aria was in a near panic meant the man still lived, but for how long?  The beast would not let her near him and without aid, he could not last long with the injuries she knew he must have taken.  Then the unthinkable happened.  Aria could not get near her stricken rider, but the other two unicorns had no such hindrance.  The black-cloaked men tried to interfere but quickly backed away in fear as the creatures made it plain they would suffer no interference.  They were too late to save their own masters, but perhaps something could be done for the man who yet clung to life.  The Black Unicorn was so busy trying to block Aria that he was unaware of what was happening until it was too late.
Tristan lay in an agony of pain, the blackness ever threatened to overwhelm him.  Just as he knew his battle to stay conscious was lost, he felt a gentle nuzzling at his cheek and in his confused mind he thought Aria had come to bid him farewell.  He suddenly came fully awake and watched in anguish as one of the two unicorns that stood nearby groaned in agony and fell over, vanishing as he hit the ground.  The other came forward and stood between Tristan and the oncoming minions of the evil unicorn.  They had their swords out but dared not approach the angry unicorn that stood between them and their prey.  The Black Unicorn suddenly stopped his assault; the mare screamed in triumph and galloped to her now healed master.  She nuzzled him gently and stared malevolently at the minions and the evil unicorn.  
The minions suddenly dropped their weapons and looked about in confusion.  They seemed flummoxed as to where they were, what they were doing there, and why they were wearing such strange clothes.  The monster had quit his raging and stood still as stone.  His coat had been muddy brown when Tristan had first encountered him, today it had been black as jet, and now it was again a muddy grey.  He seemed to have shrunk again to the size of a normal unicorn; rage and malevolence had ceased to play in his eyes, instead utter horror and confusion mingled therein.  His whole body quivered, as if he were a horse ridden to exhaustion.  He gave a pathetic whinny of despair, vanishing into the distant forest with all the speed of his kind.  The gathered unicorns raised their voices in joy and triumph.  The day had been won.
The gathered Brethren quickly rode to the lonely tree to confront the small band of men there gathered.  They were a rather confused collection of farmers and tradesmen, unsure as to what was going on.  The last thing any of them remembered was confronting the beast somewhere in the Wilds and then nothing after.  They were astonished to find themselves in Astoria and were even more puzzled by the tale the Brethren told.  It seemed the monster could use the peculiar mental abilities of his kind to overcome the minds of men and force them to do his will.  The Brethren shuddered at such a thought.  The slain Warriors were buried and Tristan was reunited with his comrades, who welcomed him back joyously.  
Tristan leaned heavily against Aria for support as he addressed the Lady, “what happened?  Why did the creature turn and run?  What transformation happened to him in the end?  Where has he gone?”  
One of the former captives said, “just as I came to myself, I felt the monster in an agony of grief and horror.  I am no unicorn psychologist but I think the devotion shown by the other unicorns to their human companions overwhelmed his sense of self-righteousness and he could no longer continue in his little war against humanity.  The second he lost control of himself, he lost control of all his ill-gained power and became again a rather muddled but otherwise normal member of his kind.  What will come of him now?”  
The Lady shook her head, “I do not think it our place to seek justice for one of his kind.  That must rest with the Master Himself.  I think he must either repent and take his proper place amongst his kindred or forever fall into darkness.  I hope he does not choose the latter.  At least for now his tyranny is ended.”

The Black Unicorn never returned and the Brethren could only hope he had returned to a proper relationship with the Master.  The Brethren continued in their ancient duties, if still leery of persecution from the Order or other sources.  Their message still reached all lands but slowly the concept of the Brethren and the Order became even more confused in the minds of the commonfolk, no matter the efforts of both groups to maintain their uniqueness.



Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

The Greylands
On Princesses
On Heroes
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog
Captain of Shadow: Sample Chapters
 
Chapter 1:

Prince Vayel sat his horse and smiled broadly as he surveyed the wide green land that spread out in all its bounteous splendor before him, for one day, all of this would be his.  Sighing contentedly, he turned his horse and carefully made his way down the precarious trail that led to the ridge from which he had just surveyed the realm of Adora, of which his father was King and he the crown Prince.  His heart, buoyant with the immortal joy of unspoiled youth and the hope of a bright future before him, he kicked his gelding to a cantor and turned towards home.  He had not gone far when the baying of hounds, the thunder of hooves, and the strident cry of a hunting horn broke the spell.  Wishing rather to gallop all the way home with none the wiser, he dutifully reined in his horse and allowed the hunting party to catch up, not surprised to see his cousin Flinn at the very heart of the mayhem, and from the way he swayed in his saddle and laughed insipidly at the least provocation, he was drunk as well, another fact that was far from surprising.
“Well, well,” giggled the noble youth, “if it isn’t my uptight, no nonsense cousin!  Finally taking a moment away from all your pressing and vital duties to actually enjoy the day?”  He smiled broadly at his companions, who were neither quite so brash nor so thoroughly inebriated as to dare making fun of such a personage as the Crown Prince.  Finding no help from that quarter, he returned his attention to his obviously vexed cousin, “aren’t you always lecturing me on how much of a waste just such activities are?”
The Prince said quietly, “a quiet ride in the country is a far cry from the spectacles you are wont to indulge in.”
“Spectacles!” squawked Flinn with a lopsided smile, “you hear that me lads!  I told you we was a sight to behold and here’s one as agrees with me no end!”  He hiccupped and was lost for a moment in mirth at some private joke, then sobering slightly, he saluted flamboyantly and said in parting, “let us not detain you then, my good sir, for we have more spectacle...spectaclating...spectulating....to do!”  He laid in his heels and the entire company had soon vanished amidst the woodland shadows.
Vayel shook his head sadly and continued his journey home, wondering what would come of such a dissolute lad; he had so much potential but squandered it on vain entertainments and drowned it in drink.  But the world was bright about him, as was the future before him, and even his cousin’s obnoxious insouciance could not long spoil his mood.  With a lighter heart, he continued on his way.  His horse snorted suddenly, stopping of his own accord, ears pricked and looking uneasily up the path.  Vayel frowned in consternation, but slid from his saddle, hand on his sword hilt, but drawn inexorably in the direction of whatever it was that had discomfited the horse.  He sighed in wonder, his hand falling away from his weapon even as he dropped to his knees in awe and no little fear.
“Walk with me, child,” came the gentle voice.  The boy was on his feet in a moment and walking silently beside the Great Unicorn, as He continued, “you are blessed with much.”  The boy nodded and He continued, “and you find great joy and contentment therein.”  The boy smiled wanly, wondering where his Master was going with this particular line of thought.  Suddenly the Unicorn stopped and turned to look upon the boy, who dropped to his knees in sudden, dreadful anticipation.  “What if you were to lose it all?” came the awful question.  The boy shuddered and He continued, “your beloved father, your reputation, the crown, even your life?”  The boy’s eyes were wide with terror, but He had not finished, “and all for the sake of one whose actions you despise above all else?”
Vayel shuddered, studying the leaf litter for a moment, and then glanced up uneasily into those fathomless eyes; he gasped in wonder and dread at the love and sorrow written therein even as his gaze fell upon the ever bleeding wound in His side, said he in a barely audible whisper, but had he said nothing at all, still He would have heard it, said the boy, “if it must be so, I will endure what I must, as You have endured far worse for my sake and that of all mankind.”  He looked up with pleading eyes, “does this mean there is hope for him?  That he will find meaning and purpose at last?  That he will use the gifts You have given him for the good of others?”
The Unicorn shook his head sadly, “there are no guarantees child, not where a human will is concerned.  He will certainly have every chance of making that choice, but it is his decision alone; I will not force My will upon him.”
Vayel sighed heavily, “then it could all be for naught.”
“Yes,” said the Unicorn sadly, glancing significantly at His own bleeding side, “there are many for whom the ultimate sacrifice is still not sufficient cause to look beyond themselves for purpose, direction, and meaning.”
The boy said in dismay, “but if this must be, what of the Kingdom?”
The Unicorn shook His great head, “nay child, that is not your concern.  You must accomplish the task that is set before you and trust the rest to Me.  I work all things together for good, though mortal minds cannot fathom it at the time, or even in long years afterward.  It will one day make sense, but for now, you must have faith.”
The boy looked up to ask another question, but it died on his lips, for the Unicorn was gone.  He stood slowly, his boyish enthusiasm forgotten, as if he were suddenly a very old man looking upon a looming winter that would never again yield to Spring’s bright caress, but a strange determination and courage had risen in his heart, knowing he must face the unthinkable yet knowing somehow, despite everything, in the end he would triumph, or rather his Master would, and in that, he took great comfort.  He returned to his horse, climbed into the saddle, and set off at a thoughtful walk.

“Oh, Highness!” came the aggrieved voice as Vayel rode into the courtyard of the castle, “you have returned at last!  The unthinkable has happened and we feared you too had somehow been caught up in this disaster, for your father the King,” the Steward stopped to take a deep, steadying breath before continuing, “your father is dead.”
The Prince’s eyes were wide and he nearly fell from his saddle in shock, though he had had warning of that which was to come, for he loved his father dearly; he was a great and gracious King, unrivaled in the history of Adora yet also the best of fathers, at least in Vayel’s opinion.  He bowed his head, offering up a hasty prayer for strength, and then shakily slid from his horse, said he quietly, “what happened?”
The Steward shook his head gravely, “we do not know.  He was in the best of spirits this morning, attending to his duties with his usual vigor, but after the noon meal, he withdrew to his chambers, begging illness.  When his valet went to waken him some hours later, he found him dead in his bed.  You too were missing at the time and near panic set in, but your uncle, the King’s brother, gravely called us all to order and said he would personally investigate the matter and that a patrol should be sent out to find you with all haste.  We have been anxiously watching and waiting ever since.”
Vayel shook his head, “these are grave tidings indeed, sir.  What is to come of the Crown?  I am not yet old enough, according to our laws, to ascend the throne?”
The Steward said rather hesitantly, “your uncle shall reign in your stead, until you are of age, and then it shall pass to you.”
“Very well,” said Vayel slowly, “could it have been murder?”
The Steward’s eyes widened and he glanced anxiously at the various occupants of the courtyard as Vayel suddenly understood that he should not have spoken such aloud in a public venue, for there would be rumors enough without him adding fuel to the fire.  Said the Steward quietly, “we know little thus far.”
Vayel brightened marginally, “what of my father’s Advisor from Astoria?  Certainly his wisdom would be of great value in this crisis.”
The Steward shook his head, “we cannot find him.  He vanished even more precipitously than you, at least none have seen him leave the castle proper, whereas a few guards and servants knew you were off riding in the woods.  It is all very disturbing and mysterious.”
“Of a certainty,” said the Prince with a frown, “I must speak to my uncle.”
The Steward shook his head, “it is not to be, Sire.  He wished to be apprised of your safe return but said he would be far too busy to speak with you this day, but he promised to summon you for an audience the first chance thereafter.”
“So there is nothing for me to do?  No service I could render?” asked Vayel in growing dismay, at least if he were busy about some needful task, perhaps the dreadful ache growing in his heart would not be near so noticeable.
The Steward said morosely, “I fear not Highness, save to mourn the loss of so great a man.”
And there was nothing to be done, at least by the Crown Prince, for the next three days thereafter, though the rest of the palace population was fairly busy with funeral preparations and the like.  His uncle’s investigation had turned up nothing, neither had the various doctors and apothecaries been able to discern the cause of death, so in due course, the King was buried and still the Regent had not spoken with his nephew, who could do naught but wander the corridors aimlessly or sit for hours on end in the library, a book forgotten in his lap.  Still the King’s Advisor did not appear, and the boy felt utterly alone and forgotten; worse, he knew this was only the beginning of terrible things to come.  His cousin on the other hand, went his way as blithely as ever, thoroughly enjoying the festivities and chaos surrounding a royal funeral but otherwise oblivious to the grievous blow that had been dealt to both the Kingdom as a whole and Vayel in particular.
As he sat in his chair in the abandoned library the night after the burial, gazing morosely into the fire, Vayel wondered if he had the heart to endure what was to come.  It all seemed so surreal and courageous, like something in one of the old tales, at least when in the Master’s very presence, but now that he was in the midst of it, he felt so small and frail and alone.  But he was not alone, and as he suddenly looked upon that awful Presence, he knew nothing more or perhaps was nothing more.  
He blinked groggily back to consciousness and glanced about him in dismay, wondering where he was.  It was completely dark, he stood suddenly and fell just as precipitously with a cry of pain, tentatively reaching a hand up to feel that on which he had nearly cracked his skull.  He felt a slanting roof of weathered wood and then sneezed violently, as his movements stirred up the dusty hay on which he lay.  With a grim smile, he had a very good idea where he was, but why and how?  Carefully, he crawled out of the forgotten loft, wherein he and his cousin had spent many happy hours as children, their parents being blissfully unaware of their unseemly antics, but so familiar was the hayloft in the old stable that he easily found his way down, even in the utter dark.  Shakily, he set both his feet on the ground and leant heavily against the rough hewn and partially rotten wood of the walls.  He took a deep breath and a small step, repeating the process until he stood at last in the courtyard under all the stars of heaven.  He marveled at their stark beauty for a moment before the world was all darkness once more.
He awoke with a headache, not induced solely by his encounter with the stable roof, and groaned as he rolled into a sitting position.  He opened his eyes and stared directly into the horrified face of one of his father’s guardsmen.  He frowned and glanced about, wondering what could precipitate the man’s look of utter disgust and shock.  Vayel’s face was suddenly a perfect imitation of the guard’s, for the missing man from Astoria lay in a pool of his own blood, his throat cut, not an arm’s length from the horrified boy, and only then did Vayel realize he clutched a bloody dagger in his own hand.  The blackness was immediately upon him once more.
He awoke to find a half dozen of his father’s guards gathered around him, their captain splashing cold water on the boy’s face, trying to rouse him from his faint.  As he blinked back to the horrifying reality that was his life at that moment, the guard asked, “what happened here?”  The boy shook his head, unable to speak in shock and horror and confusion; the man had been a friend and mentor, to lose him so soon after his father’s death only added salt to the gaping wound that was his heart.  “I’m afraid we’ll have to take this matter to the Regent immediately, Sire,” said the uneasy guardsman, “I hope you won’t make a fuss?”
The boy gaped, they thought he was responsible for this despicable deed!  He sighed heavily and shook his head morosely, allowing them to lift him to his feet and get him settled on a horse.  They likewise loaded up the dead man and returned to the castle as fast as their prisoner and grim burden would allow.  
The Regent paced before them in dismay, occasionally glancing at Vayel in horror and disgust, “where have we failed you?  How could you have gone so wrong?”
Vayel frowned, speaking at last, “of what do you speak, Sir?”
His uncle spitted him with a furious glare, “blood magic!  Do not dare feign ignorance!  You will be the ruin of the entire Kingdom, a Kingdom which would have been rightfully yours had you but waited for your father to die naturally, rather than viciously cutting short his life with your vile sorcery!”
Vayel gaped, “how can you make such an accusation, Sir?”
The Regent shook his head, in grave disappointment, “you are covered in the evidence.  You were caught in the very act.  How else would you explain your father’s mysterious death?”
Vayel’s shoulders slumped as he studied the guards, courtiers, and servants standing in the courtyard about him, nodding slowly or exchanging grim, knowing looks with their fellows.  He did not know what had happened, but he had no evidence to the contrary, though he knew the accusations were utterly false, he had no way to prove it and it seemed the court had already accepted his uncle’s grim view of things.  Thus perished his reputation and all hope of ever gaining the crown, all he had left to him was his life, and that too his uncle seemed intent on stripping away as soon as possible.
Said the Regent in grim finality, “the punishment for such grievous crimes can only be death, only thereby may we spare the Kingdom from the Master’s incumbent wrath.”  He smiled slightly in cruel glee, “of course we will have to make it a public execution and a grisly one at that, as befits treason of this magnitude.”
Vayel suddenly straightened and glared at his uncle, he might be a dead man, but he would not go quietly to his grave, “I will appeal my case to the Lady of Astoria.”
The Regent looked rather surprised at this sudden outburst from the condemned, but shrugged as if it mattered little, “let it be as you wish it, it is your right after all.  Flinn!”
The Regent’s only child crept out of the crowd of courtiers and quavered, “yes, Sire?”
“You will take this villain to Astoria and see that justice is done,” growled the Regent.  He turned to the guardsman that had discovered the ghastly scene, “accompany the Prince and the prisoner to Astoria, Captain.”  With a final glare for Vayel, he turned suddenly on his heel and marched into the castle, leaving all and sundry to gape like stranded fish.
Flinn gave his cousin an irate frown, “just like you to continue ruining my fun!”
Vayel gaped, “my father has just died mysteriously and I am condemned to death for the murder of a man I held almost as dear and all you can do is grouse about your spoiled pleasantries?”
Flinn shrugged uneasily, “why should I care or be so ill used?  It has nothing to do with me!”
Vayel said gravely, “with me and my father out of the way, you are next in line for the crown, thus it involves you deeply, whether you would or not.”
Flinn mouthed an astonished ‘oh,’ and then turned his consternation into a hasty order to begin preparations to leave.  The guardsmen and servants scattered in every direction while the courtiers stood off to the side and whispered eagerly amongst themselves.  The captain stood beside Flinn, a length of rope in his hands, “shall we bind him, Sire?”
Flinn blanched at both the new title and the responsibilities inherent therein and said anxiously, “do as you think you must, Captain.”  He stalked off towards the stable, hoping to escape all such entanglements for a few moments, uneasy with so much responsibility so suddenly thrust upon him.  Vayel sighed sadly at his cousin’s retreating back and then offered his hands to the stymied captain that he might bind them, as he seemed to think necessary.
They were off well before midday, Flinn slouching in his saddle and grumbling under his breath, apparently sulking at the dreadful reality in which he now found himself while Vayel felt a strange sort of peace settle upon him, knowing all would soon be over, one way or another.  The guards rode ahead of and behind the cousins, glancing uneasily amongst themselves, unsure what they thought of the entire situation but doing their duty as best they could.  Either the former prince was a traitor of the worst sort or justice had been grievously denied him, either way, they were quite discomfited by their predicament and the new prince did nothing to relieve them of their apprehension.
So did the disconsolate little party travel, lost in their own thoughts and misgivings, wondering what would come of the matter when at last the Lady passed judgment.  The courtiers watched them ride off with malicious smiles and gloating sneers whilst the townsfolk watched with grim eyes, wondering what was to come of the Kingdom itself in such a circumstance.  Vayel was very glad when the woods closed in around them and hid them from curious and speculative eyes.  Strangely, Flinn was the one who seemed to be wrestling with the inevitability of the situation rather than the one condemned to death.  Hardly a word was spoken between any of them on the entire interminable journey.
At last, Astoria lay before them and all rejoiced at the sight thereof, hoping it would yield answers that weeks of constant worry and contemplation had not.  The captain of the guard announced their business at the castle gates, seeing as how the Prince would not or perhaps could not, for he was nearly catatonic as he continued to mull over this disturbing shift in his destiny.  The Lady saw them immediately and heard their various stories, at least from Vayel and the guardsman, Flinn took little interest in the proceedings.  At last, the Lady withdrew with several of her advisors and said grimly, “the evidence is both condemning yet highly circumstantial!  Can we condemn the boy to death as easily as his uncle has done?”
Jared shook his head gravely, “you have not said all, my Lady, nor asked him directly if he committed this grievous crime.”
She frowned at him and his seeming ability to read her mind, “I have no choice in the matter; the boy must die, regardless.”
Jared nodded, “my thoughts exactly.”
Her frown became thoughtful, “there is more to this than I yet realize, isn’t there?”
Jared smiled grimly, “far more than any of us can yet comprehend, my Lady.”
She nodded, “do what you must.”  He bowed deeply and they returned to the main audience chamber, those gathered therein impatiently awaiting the verdict.  Said she heavily, “I must condemn you to death.”  The boy bowed his head in simple acceptance while his cousin took the news as if it were his own sentence, slumping dejectedly into a chair and refusing even to look up.  She turned to Jared and nodded, “and the sentence will be carried out immediately.”  The boy nodded and allowed the servant and one of the Brethren to lead him away.  Flinn did not even look up as he passed.  The guard watched him go with stony contempt and then turned to attend to his aggrieved lord.
They led him to the furthest corner of the dungeons and he knelt with his head over the block as the axe was raised, said a strangely jubilant voice as the axe fell, “this is only the beginning lad.”  As it found its mark, an awful light filled the grim little room, obliterating all therein.  The axe fell to the floor with a sharp clang as the hands that held it vanished along with its intended victim.

Chapter 2:

“My life is over!” bemoaned Prince Flinn as the captain of his guard approached, concern on his face, the comment causing him to frown slightly in consternation, but the grimace was just as quickly hidden.  “Now all hope is lost,” said he morosely as Vayel was led away, “I had hoped the Lady would grant him a reprieve, and then we could all go home and things could get back to normal.  What am I to do with all this responsibility that has been thrust upon me?”
The captain said cautiously, “it is not my place to either question or advise you Sire, unless you specifically ask me for such, but it would seem to me that this place is ideal for learning just that.”
The Prince slumped back into his chair and groaned, “an education?!  What fun is there in that?”
The guard suddenly drew back and bowed deeply, causing the Prince to sit up straight and glance in the direction the anxious guard was looking, only to see the Lady herself approaching the distraught Prince.  He hastily shot to his feet and offered her a clumsy courtesy, wondering exactly what degree of formality was required from a person of his rank to hers under the prevailing circumstances, Vayel would know, but the fool was probably dead by now, some help he was!  She studied him for a very long moment with her far too keen eyes, making Flinn feel a mouse under a hawk’s gaze, at last she spoke quietly, “what is happening in Adora, Sire?  Might we be of assistance?  You seem quite ill at ease yourself, but I suppose such a fate befalling your cousin and uncle in quick succession must be unpleasant indeed.”
Unpleasant?  For whom, him?  He frowned at this thought, he supposed he should feel a little sympathy on their behalf, but he had enough problems of his own to worry about that wasting pity on dead men seemed rather pointless.  He said slowly, “I don’t know if you can help me or not, for you see, the thing that most troubles me is that now that my father is King, I am heir to the throne and all that responsibility is not something I want.  It was quite unfair of my uncle to go and die suddenly and even worse of my cousin to go meddling in things that could get him killed.  I don’t know what to do!”
The Lady frowned, “it all seems rather suspicious to me.  Perhaps I should send one of my servants to investigate these mysterious happenings, and until we know your father isn’t involved in anything nefarious, perhaps you had best remain here, Highness.  You need not attend classes or formally enroll as a Student if that is not of interest to you, but I would advise that you not venture home until this matter is resolved.  Perhaps your cousin was truly the villain behind it all, but I begin to think he was as much a victim as his father and my murdered servant.”
Flinn gaped, “but you just sent him to his death!  Now you think him innocent?  Are you mad?  That was my last, best hope of escaping this unendurable fate!”  She frowned at his thoughtless words, but he continued unheeding, “but perhaps you are right, I am in desperate need of sanctuary at the moment, yes, sanctuary is just the thing.  When’s lunch?”
It took all her long years of practicing patience not to throttle the young man before her or to gape openly at his thoughtlessness.  Said she as calmly as she could muster, “you may eat as soon as this interview is finished, as to your cousin’s fate, that is a matter strictly between himself and the Master and has nothing whatsoever to do with my feelings upon the matter.  Welcome to Astoria, your Highness.  I will dispatch one of my best agents to your Kingdom immediately that this matter may be rectified as soon as possible.  Good day!”  She nodded briefly in farewell and hied herself quickly from the room, leaving the guard to exchange a wondering look with the baffled prince.  A servant entered soon thereafter to get the boy settled, he followed silently after, too confounded to say anything.

The Regent watched his nephew and his own fool of a son ride off with their escort from a window high up in one of the towers, a malicious smile on his face, at last, he could attend to the business of ruling the Kingdom.  He would have enjoyed watching the boy die before the entire Kingdom, but perhaps it was just as well he died quietly in a foreign land, the sooner to be forgotten.  As to his own heir, he little cared what came of the fool boy, just as long as he was not bothering his father, not that he really needed an heir as he intended to live forever.  Now all he need do was watch for the Lady’s agent that would undoubtedly be dispatched to investigate the mysterious happenings in Adora.  He did not doubt the boy would die, it had been promised to him, even the Lady of Astoria could not thwart the boy’s destiny or the source of such a prophecy.  His smile deepened as he turned from the window to get down to the glorious business of actually being King.

Lose everything indeed!  The creature studied itself curiously, not in horror as might be expected at such a radical transformation, but calmly and with no little amusement, though it seemed to be wrought entirely of dark mist when once he had been a very Prince of the Realm.  But what were mortal Kingdoms to this?  The only part of himself, at least that he could see, that was not shadow incarnate was a small silver unicorn glinting with its own light on his right palm.  That was the reason he could smile, even when he lacked the features to do so, for it was the Mark of the One to whom he belonged, and never could he be snatched from that great and mighty hand, no matter what strange adventures befell him.
He remembered hearing someone whisper that the adventure was only begun right before that dreadful light was unleashed and then he knew nothing but Light.  He remembered that Light, it was the same that had consumed him utterly one fateful night in the library, a Light more glorious than life itself.  He glanced down in wonder, his shadowy visage had vanished and his entire being pulsed with that deadly Light.  With a thought, he garbed himself again in darkness and frowned, this would never do!  It suddenly occurred to him that he was also the source of that all-consuming radiance in the dungeons of Astoria.  He must learn to control himself, whatever he was now.  For a moment he wondered what had happened to the two men in the dungeons with him, they could not have survived such a display, but then at least one of them knew things were not as they seemed.  He smiled eagerly, he was not alone, whatever this new adventure was.  Suddenly he felt himself inexplicably dissolving and the Light that wrought his very being threatened to break forth once more, but with a thought, he schooled it to quiescence and allowed himself to evaporate.
He reappeared, still a wraithlike shadow, in a very familiar place.  A figure clad in the livery of Adora stood propping the small kitchen gate open and was motioning frantically at him.  With another frown, he approached the odd servant and entered the castle proper as the man quickly secured the gate behind him.  “This way shadow,” growled the man, “my master does not like to be kept waiting.”  Vayel hissed quietly but refrained from comment as he followed the villainous looking fellow high up into the utmost towers of the keep, higher than he had ever gone before, even as an adventure bent lad of seven exploring the various nooks and crannies of the ancient castle.  The minion knocked upon a certain door in a certain way, opened it when bidden to do so, and then motioned that the wraith should enter alone, fleeing the moment he closed the door behind the shadow.
Vayel’s uncle turned from his study of the fire and eyed the shadow speculatively, “what took you so long?”
“We come when it suits us,” hissed the shadow, not quite sure from whence the words sprang.
“So be it,” sighed the Regent, “I have a job for you.”
“Obviously,” snarled the wraith, “else you would not have sent for me.”
“I tire of your insolence, shade,” snapped the King, “go to Astoria, find my fool of a son, and either corrupt him or destroy him, I care not which.”
“With pleasure,” hissed the wraith as it fled out the window, leaving the Regent to his study of the flames.  Vayel grinned, it would be a pleasure indeed to try corrupting the hedonistic boy, and if he succeeded, perhaps he would make a proper King after all.  He felt himself dissolving again and this time the light did not stir, for there was no panic or unease this time around.  His smile deepened, could he be getting used to this strange new occupation?

Vayel reappeared again in the dungeons of Astoria, he just had time to register that fact before he felt a piercing pain in his chest and fell again into darkness.  Baye looked at Jared with a raised eyebrow and a quizzical expression on his face as the sword in the servant’s hands vanished, “was that necessary?”
Jared grinned broadly, “yes, I had to verify that he could control himself.”
Baye smiled reminiscently, remembering his own turn teaching that particular skill to his various apprentices, said he with a thoughtful nod, “it seems he can, but how did he learn that particular skill with none to teach him?”
Jared smiled mysteriously, “perhaps he is of a more thoughtful turn of mind than the rest of you rapscallions that currently comprise the Shadow.”
Baye eyed his old friend in some surprise, “what are you not telling me?”
Jared sighed heavily as he knelt beside the prone form, looking up at Baye he said quietly, “it has been a very long time, far too long.”
Baye nodded and then smiled sadly, “I understand.”  He frowned at the boy, “why not choose a replacement from within the Shadow?”
Jared shook his head as he sent a pulse of light into the inert form, “I have no more say in the matter than any of the Brethren do in the selection of a new Lady of Astoria.”  As the boy stirred and sat up with a groan, Jared stood and took a step back to stand beside Baye.  
The boy studied them curiously, a slight, eager smile on his face, said he at last, “can someone please explain what is going on here?”
His elders burst out laughing at his perplexity and eagerness, but Jared quickly gained control of his mirth, though the corners of his mouth kept twitching inexplicably, said he, “it has certainly been a strange time for you no doubt, but at last you will have answers.”  As the boy gained his feet, the Captain of the Shadow continued wryly, “and I promise not to assault you with any sharp pointy objects, at least for the next few minutes.”
Vayel’s smile deepened as he caught the Captain’s mood, said he, “I would appreciate that.”  He studied what he could see of himself and asked, “I am myself again?”
Baye grinned, “you have always been yourself, you can never be anything but, but yes, you currently look like the boy you once were.”
“Were?” asked Vayel in growing excitement “if I am no longer a boy, what then am I?”
Jared gave his old friend a patient look, “you were and are and ever will be a man, but what he means is that you have become a Shadow, a mortal man no longer, but still a man, save with a few useful talents.”
Vayel shook his head, “I little understand.”
“I know,” said Jared, “your recruitment was not done in the usual manner, but you’ll quickly learn and I dare say you won’t be disappointed.”  
Vayel grinned, “so far it has been one strange adventure, but certainly interesting.”  He frowned at the axe where it lay on the floor, “why all the sharp pointy objects and their use upon my person?”
Jared shrugged, “upon your arrival, I had to verify that you could control the light within you, no matter what, lest you prove a danger to others, and you certainly proved your ability to do just that.  As for the Lady’s decree to have your head off,” he smiled wryly, “none of us thought you guilty of murder or blood magic, but we just knew it had to be done.  It wasn’t the first time in the history of the Shadow where a man has been executed as a necessary part of his duties.”  As the boy’s consternation deepened, he continued, “and don’t ask us why, none of us have an answer, at least not yet.  Get used to it, sometimes your adventures and duties will not make a whole lot of sense but you still must be about them.”
Vayel nodded slowly, “it will not be the first time, but if the Master has demonstrated anything, it is that I can trust Him, no matter what.”  He grinned, “He promised me death and heartache and infamy, all of which came to pass, but He has also blessed me in the midst of my sorrow, more than I can even begin to comprehend.  What now?”
Jared answered, “you’ll be apprenticing with me, which will be a little awkward as I am not an officially recognized member of the Brethren.  The servants don’t usually take on apprentices, but I think a servant of my standing can have a page at his beck and call.”
Vayel smiled at the irony, “I was once the Crown Prince of Adora and now I’m naught but the servant of a servant in Astoria?”
Jared chuckled, “I am the very Captain of the Shadow lad, yet I spend my days as a mere servant, but are we not all servants of the Master?”
“Quite,” said Vayel, “but I also have a mission.”
“All the better,” said Jared, “it will help keep you out of mischief whilst I’m busy elsewhere.”
Baye frowned, “isn’t he supposed to be dead?”
Jared grinned, “none but the Lady, his cousin, the captain of the Prince’s guard, and we know anything of that.  I don’t think it will pose too much of a problem, besides, he needs to go about as himself if he is to accomplish what he must with his cousin.”  He eyed the boy’s bloody and tattered tunic, “but you’d best do something about your appearance before we can be seen in decent company.”
Baye laughed, “I always knew we weren’t quite what the social elite would consider proper, no wonder I never get invited to fancy dinner parties.”
The boy studied his ruined clothes, concentrated for a moment, and suddenly the blood was gone and the tattered fabric was whole once more.  He exchanged an eager look with Jared, who said with a smile, “if only it were that easy to get stains out of the carpet.”
Baye rolled his eyes emphatically, “spoken like a true servant!”
Jared gave him a reproving look, but ruined the effect with a smile, “perhaps that shall be your next adventure, sir: removing red wine stains from a white carpet.”
Baye grimaced, “I thought Jace was the one who regularly accomplishes the impossible.”
Jared smiled wickedly, “I’ll keep that in mind.”

They left the back room, ghosted through the cellblock, and then ascended the stairs back to the castle proper.  As Vayel exited the dungeons, he froze and gasped, “Anne?!”
A young woman stood in the corridor, her eyes wide with surprise and joy as she studied the boy before her, a quizzical smile graced her lips as she said, “I thought never to see you again and here you are running about in a servant’s livery?”
Jared gave the boy a knowing smile, “set your friend’s heart at ease and find me when you are finished.”  
The boy bobbed an awkward bow as the elder Shadows meandered off and then turned to face his companion, said he, his face growing warm, “perhaps we should find a place to talk?”  She nodded, giving him that smug, knowing smile that had always infuriated and bewitched him all at the same time, and taking his hand, she led him off to the wide, walled in lawn that abutted the courtyard, where they might sit at leisure under the great trees and chat as they would.
Once they were settled, she said demurely, “I followed you.  My father has continuously urged me to come to Astoria to study, so I thought this an opportune time to heed him.”
Vayel frowned, “he only wanted you to do that so we’d be away from one another, in hopes I’d fall for your eldest sister.”
She smiled impishly, “I didn’t exactly ask his permission before leaving but rather left a hasty note and hied myself hither as quickly as I could.  I arrived just after you did, but was detained at the gate while you were taken immediately to the Lady.  The next thing I saw was you accompanying those men through that door.  What happened?  Now here you are, guised as a servant of all things!”
Vayel smiled sheepishly, “it is a long and strange story,” he frowned, “and much of it I cannot tell you, nor would you believe it if I could.”  He sadly met her gaze, “we cannot be as we once were.”
She studied her hands resting in her lap for a moment and then looked up, “I know, I spent the journey here resigning myself to that fact.  I was horrified when your uncle...but never mind, I was heartened when you asked that the Lady review your case and followed you here.  But even if the Lady has decried you innocent, you can never return and claim the crown, for the people will never accept you after what your uncle said nor is the Regent likely to give up the crown now that he has it.  But why become a servant?  Rather, why not study what you must and then join the Brethren?”
Vayel smiled warmly at her, “things are rather complicated, Anne, but do not fear that I have made this choice solely out of desperation, I know you don’t understand, but I am content with my circumstances, nay rather I am quite eager to see what the future holds.”  He sobered, “but we cannot leave Adora in the hands of my uncle, he is a murderer and a warlock.”
She smiled wryly, “the very things he accused you of being.  But who will assume the crown?”
Vayel sighed deeply, “Flinn, at least if we can convince him to do something useful with his life.”
Anne giggled at this, “he is not a bad fellow, but getting out of bed in the morning is the most he has ever learned about duty and responsibility.”
Vayel said in a conspiratorial whisper, “do you want to help me subvert him?”
She clapped her hands together and said eagerly, “I would love nothing more.  Can it be done?”
Vayel smiled scandalously, “he has to make that decision himself, but we’ll do everything in our power to encourage him to do just that.”

Baye and Jared returned promptly to the Lady’s main audience chamber, but she was not there, rather she had withdrawn to a small sitting room where she stood staring out the window, leaning heavily upon the sill.  She drew away from the window and turned to face them as they entered, said she heavily, “it is done then?”
Jared smiled, “yes and no.”  She frowned at him and he clarified, “the boy is a Shadow, Lady, you did not send him to an untimely death, in fact, he still walks the keep in his original likeness.”  She actually gaped at him, and he shook his head, “why was it necessary?  Even I do not know the answer to that, but it was and perhaps time will reveal the reason.”
She nodded slowly, feeling as if a great weight had been taken from her shoulders, said she with irony strong in her voice, “now what are your orders pertaining to this particular lad, Captain?”
Jared smiled wryly, “he will actually be my apprentice,” he paused both to gather his thoughts and to allow the Lady to absorb the news, before saying, “and eventually my replacement.”
She looked at him a bit sadly, “you will Go, then?”
Jared barked a laugh, “come Lady, it is not so grievous a loss as all that, it well may be another hundred years or more, before I actually Go, but I have been at this since the world began!”
“I see your point,” said she, “but even with all the grief and trouble you cause me, I will miss you.”
Jared bowed, “that is good to know my Lady, for I often fear I am more trouble than I am worth.”
She frowned, “how is a servant going to have an apprentice?”
Jared smiled eagerly, “I hope you do not mind, but I have taken him on as my personal page.”
She nodded, “that will suffice, at least until the other servants decide they want to have one too.”
The Captain grinned wryly, “they won’t be able to afford one, not with what you pay them; my minion works for nothing.”  
She opened her mouth to protest that the servants were paid quite well, but it was certainly not enough to hire their own servants.  She closed her mouth and said with a smile, “very well Captain, see to your minion.”  She turned to Baye, “you had best go see what is happening in Adora.”  The men bowed and withdrew, talking quietly together while the Lady turned back to her window, her heart lighter by far than when they had entered.



A sample story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’


There was an old woman
Lived under a hill,
And if she’s not gone
She lives there still.
~Nursery Rhyme~

Sophie Under the Hill

Her choice of domicile was peculiar, at least to sensibilities distant in time or space, but for all I know it was a rather common phenomenon in that particular place and time, but even if it were not, it suited her and to her mind that was all that mattered, which was as it should be.  For you see, she dwelt under a hill and had for as long as local memory could remember, which might as well have been for all eternity as far as most folk were concerned.  So it was that this curious old woman, who was apparently never young, acquired a reputation far and wide for not only being rather mysterious, which is what living in any fashion not considered ordinary will gain you, but also for possessing great wisdom, which is the result of living sensibly and being content therein rather than living as your neighbors think you ought and depending solely upon their opinions for your happiness.  So it was that her neighbors held her in great awe and even a little fear, at least if an outsider asked them, but amongst themselves they often whispered darkly about the dear lady, with no little of malice and jealously festering beneath their bitter words.  For you see, she minded her neighbors not in the least in any matter, preferring to do solely as it pleased her and seeming to thrive thereby which vexed them greatly, for no one should succeed without their input.  It was witchery of the vilest sort.
Such an enigmatic and sagacious person held a certain attraction for adventurous youths and questing knights which was not hindered in the least by darker rumors, for who else could offer desperately needed wisdom and advice as such were often seeking?  These frequent and unwelcome visitors, at least as the neighbors saw it, only caused further scandal and disquiet in the community, which continued to heighten the dame’s infamy and only drew sooth seekers from even more distant climes.  These visits drove the neighbors to distraction but the aged lady welcomed each and every visitor as if he were a lost son come home after many years abroad.  Though in truth she was neither a worker of terrible magics nor a possessor of knowledge arcane and grim, but what she did have was something far outside the common ken of mortals, and blessed were those who sought her wisdom and received it with a willing heart.  She did not whisper in secret with the shades of ancient sages or count her years more numerous than the usual wont of men.  So how was it that this near mystical lady came to be a font of wisdom of which the bold and adventurous, the rich and the powerful, oft came to drink?
She was possessed of a great deal of what is wrongly called commonsense, for though quite sensible it is far from common, and thus did many come to visit with the curious lady who dwelt quaintly under hill.  She lived quietly, prudently, and contentedly for many a year, much to the annoyance of her neighbors, who could not comprehend such a life and the enjoyment thereof, yet in their self-inflicted misery thought themselves the happier by far but did not understand the source of their own consternation.  
So what great advice or sagacious snippets did she give this vast and curious throng that sought her out over the years?  What could a woman who lived under a hill in a far flung district know of the world at large or people in particular?  This is what all such visitors often asked themselves, but then they had to remember that often what they most sought was to be found in rather strange places, so contented themselves with imbibing a draught of wisdom from this uncanny font.  One such adventurer, a peasant lad of the age when he should be finding something useful to do with his life, one day appeared at her door.  He knocked boldly, she opened the door with a small, quiet smile that might have been concealing a knowing laugh, and ushered the awkward boy into the cheerful main room of the infamous cottage under hill.  His awkwardness vanished as he took the offered chair, munched upon a cookie, and sipped the fresh brewed tea, feeling as if he were sitting at table with his own dear granny.  That spritely smile deepened, as if she knew his thoughts, which was very likely as she was rumored to be all knowing, and she asked if she might refill his tea.
He nodded and then began his tale, as she poured, “I need a direction in life, that is why I am come.  But of course you knew that already.  So what shall I do?  My parents wish me to apprentice with the cobbler and marry a nice girl once I have established myself.  I want to go adventuring and become a man of wealth and renown, and likely marry a princess, or at least a noble’s daughter.  What must I do to make my dreams come true?”
Said she with the selfsame smile, “what are these dreams for which you reach?”
The boy stared at her blankly, completely lost as to an answer, his mouth half full of cookie.  After a moment he shut his mouth, chewed thoughtfully, swallowed slowly, and said in perplexity, “what are my dreams?  They are dreams, aspirations, ideals!  What else?”
She laughed like a spring rain, “that is all mist and moonbeams lad!  Nothing onto which you can hope to gain a hold nor a proper hook on which to hang a life.  You need something concrete, something real, something for which to aim.  Can you go hunting with such aspirations and hope to come home successful?  Nay lad, you must have a target to shoot at or your arrows will be loosed for naught.  What is it you want out of life?  Where do you want to be ten or twenty years from now?”
The boy gaped at her again, this time with nothing in his mouth, and suddenly shut his hanging jaw with an audible click.  He frowned in thought and was silent for an interminable time before finally saying, “I want to be like my father: a prosperous and respected man in the village with a loving, happy family.”  He smiled broadly, “your fame is not unearned my lady!”  He stood and bowed formally, if awkwardly for lack of practice, “your wisdom gives me hope and direction I would not otherwise have had!  Thank you, dear lady!”  He nearly skipped out the door and turned his steps towards home, wishing he could start his apprenticeship that very moment.
She watched him go, shaking her head in amusement and that impish smile of delight now sparkling in her eyes.  She had long ago given up trying to explain to such guests that they often already possessed the so-called wisdom they sought and merely needed to clarify their own thoughts on the matter in question.  Time and again had they given her credit for vast depths of wisdom that she did not necessarily possess.  She shook her head ruefully and was about to close the door when her nearest neighbor slipped in at the last moment uninvited, eyeing the remaining cookies and cold tea with interest.  Said she without preamble, “more mysterious visitors, hmmm?  Care to say more?”
The lady of the house stood by the half open door, as if waiting for her uninvited guest to take the hint and leave, but the invader just stood there waiting for an explanation and fresh tea.  The good dame continued to stand there in silence and her neighbor’s consternation grew by the moment, finally she turned on her heel and in a flutter of skirts and apron, the nosy woman retreated to gossip with her cronies about the abominable manners and the sinister dealings she was no doubt having with all these strangers as she was unwilling to discuss the matter with her nearest and dearest.  The old woman’s smile now held an ironic twist, knowing exactly what tale her exasperated neighbor was even now carrying to the rest of the village.  She laughed outright and went to put the tea things in order. 




Excerpt from ‘The Greylands: Volume VI:’

Beyond the Morning:

The historians and astronomers and geologists will tell you that the world revolves around the sun and that the earth is round, but my dear child, they are all of them wrong.  Yes, quite wrong, utterly and completely.  Men once thought the world flat and that the sun revolved around the earth, and I think, perhaps men were wiser in those days.  Of course, this is a fairy tale so I might be mistaken, but at least in this particular world this happened to be the case.  In the beginning of things this world had been quite like all the others, but men did not like the way things were so they rebelled against Him who made the worlds and quite made a mess of things.  So it was that the world literally fell to pieces, leaving it flat with little bits like islands floating to the East and a shadowy chunk lurking beneath, where nasty things lived and breathed and had their being.  
Mountains ringed the whole world about, keeping the water and most of the inhabitants inside, save for one small gap where the Great Sea found an outlet and fell in a great waterfall into fathomless depths below.  But the sun boiled the water every night as it passed beneath this strange world and it fell again as rain very early every morning.  Thus the Sea was fresh water (and not salt as you might think) and the world never suffered drought nor a rainy day that might ruin all the picnics.  So in general, it was a rather prosperous and happy world.  Except of course for that minor problem of man’s rebellion against his Maker.  Besides for that minor glitch, it was quite a wonderful place to call home and an especially good place to have a picnic.
But what was to come of that little matter mentioned above which brought sorrow, death, illness, and violence upon a once joyous and peaceful world?  Well, things certainly could not remain as they were, for the Master loved his creatures far too much to leave them in such a miserable story so He came Himself to set things aright.  To think that He who made everything would leave unimaginable Glory to spend time amongst the very things He created, naughty as they were.  At first, they were quite happy to listen to His stories and benefit from His miracles, but they grew tired of His preaching and jealous of His power, so they did the only reasonable thing and killed the One who invented Life.  
Only you cannot kill Him, at least not forever (no matter what the skeptics tell you) and He lived again, but in dying He conquered Death and since the price of rebellion and sin is death, He just happened to pay for all the mistakes and bad deeds of His poor, sundered creatures.  The only problem was, most of them were not interested in such a silly thing as redemption, thank you very much!  They were quite happy with life the way it was and really could care less about such wondrous Love.  They wanted to mind their own business and wanted Him to mind His, of course not realizing that their wellbeing was His business.  So it was, that He went back to His place and left the world to do as it pleased, at least until that exciting day when He promised to return and stay forever and ever with his Creatures that really wanted to be with Him; the rest could spend all of eternity in a place where He would never bother them again and they could do very much as they pleased, which they would soon come to realize was not very much fun at all.

The centuries passed and men multiplied and filled the whole earth, and with more people came the obvious problems of greed, war, strife, jealousy, and rage with the strong oppressing the weak, not to mention an increase in littering and other such crimes.  Certain countries were better or worse than others in matters of justice and peace, as is always true of the lands of men.  In this particular time and place, it was a rather peaceful and prosperous country that was more just than many lands in the history of this world.  Its neighbors too were relatively peaceful which allowed them all to dwell for a time in quiet harmony.  In the specific neighborhood where this story begins, there were a number of rather rich and influential families with any number of well-bred and educated offspring, all ready to make their way in the wide world.  
There were three boys who were quite good friends and had been since the dawn of time, or at least for as long as they could remember.  There was nothing that could ever come between them, save perhaps those insurmountable forces of love and death, for taxes as we currently know them had not yet been invented.  One of these young men was quite sick and on the verge of that dreadful enemy of mortality, or at least of childhood, yes, romantic love.  He was quite sure he wanted to marry the most beautiful (and rich) girl in the neighborhood, and while his friends were quite happy for his good fortune, they really did not wish to see their little trio broken up.  While our love-stricken Kyan was off romancing his ladylove, our two remaining heroes, Bayard and Griffin, fell in with an old man who told the most wonderful stories.  
He told them of things long ago and things yet to come, of a Great King who had left his Eternal Throne to dwell among mortal men.  Of the Great Enemy who had left the service of this King long before the worlds were made, and his intent to corrupt or destroy all that his former Master had wrought, including mankind.  They were intrigued by these tales, especially when told that even Today, men must decide on whose side they would live and fight, for it was a war older than Time and none could stand aside or plead ignorance.  They must either stand with the King or fall with the Enemy.  Quite excited by this prospect, the youths dashed back to find the missing member of their little company who was just bidding farewell to his darling, both with stars in their eyes.  
“I must soon propose,” said he, as if in a dream.  
“Yes, yes,” said Bayard impatiently, “all in good time, but come, there is something you must hear!”  
Smiling dreamily, Kyan did not resist his friends as they led him back to the interesting man who had so excited their young hearts.  The man smiled upon the love-stricken youth, remembering his own days of courting, back when the world was new.  Finally, the young man roused from his rosy visions enough to listen to those things the man had to tell.  A thrill of excitement ran down his spine, for here was a purpose and a calling indeed!
To tell the truth, the boys and most of their cohort were bored.  They had every material pleasure their hearts could desire but it was not enough.  Kyan thought himself in love, but mostly he just liked being liked and had no comprehension of the true meaning of the word Love.  They had no purpose, no direction, no meaning.  What was the point of living?  But here was an explanation for why the world was as it was and a challenge to live a life of significance.  Said the man in caution, “remember lads, the Master demands your whole heart and being, your very souls!  There are those that oppose Him bitterly and you might well pay for your devotion with your lives.  If you still wish to pursue this calling, come tonight when we shall all gather in one place.”  
The boys exchanged an excited smile as he told them when and where to gather, so too did the dark figure smile as he listened intently from his hiding place, but his grin held only eager malice, there was no joy in the gesture at all.  The boys dashed off to further discuss these exciting revelations while the old man continued on his way.  The dark figure went in search of reinforcements, for he wanted this to be a memorable evening indeed.

Just because they had a secret meeting scheduled for later in the evening, did not mean the three lads could miss the biggest ball of the season.  They dandied themselves up to perfection and looked forward to resuming their eager conversation in some quiet corner of the great house that hosted this evening’s festivities.  But their mothers and the assorted ladies their own age expected them to dance unceasingly for the first part of the evening.  Having accomplished their social obligations, Bayard and Griffin managed to slip quietly away but Kyan found himself unable to disentangle himself from Suzanne, who though very attractive this evening, no longer dazzled his mind into pure and utter worship.  He tried time and again to join his friends, but the girl was persistent and would not loose her hold on his sleeve.  Finally he said, “Suzanne you must let me go!  I cannot remain here any longer, for there is a needful thing I must do this evening.”  
She pouted quite alluringly, “I had hoped you meant to propose this night.”  
He swallowed hard, what had he been thinking to be so enamored with this girl?  This would not be easy, but it must be done, he said as gently as he could, “I have come to realize I cannot marry you my dear…”  
He trailed off as she shrieked, “what!?!” at the top of her lungs and froze the dancers in their steps.  Kyan blushed scarlet, but did not lose this chance to escape the clutches of his lovely and furious companion.
His friends laughed merrily at Kyan’s predicament, but eagerly hastened to the secret meeting arranged by the old man.  In the depths of the woods they met, with a glorious sky full of stars looking on and the trees standing in silent vigil about them.  The embarrassed trio was the last to arrive and the old man said amusedly, “I was afraid you would not make it.”  
“Now,” said he to the dozen young men that had answered his call, “you are probably all wondering why we are here?”  There were several murmurs of excitement as the man continued, “I invited you here tonight to learn more about those things that I hinted at in our previous conversations.  You are those who seemed most eager for this mysterious calling.  It is in no way required that you go any deeper into this matter if all you wish is to serve our Master in your daily lives, this you can accomplish quite easily in your day to day living by following those precepts I have already imparted to you.  This meeting is solely for those who wish to know more of this ancient war and your potential role in it.  If you commit to this venture, your lives are no longer your own.  You will agree to dedicate them solely, and wholly for the use of our Master and whatever task he appoints each of you.  There are those who oppose us with every fiber of their being and every power they possess; they will stop at nothing to thwart our Master’s will.  This quest will claim your lives, whether it be tonight or a hundred years from now, I cannot say but you must know this before we continue.  If there are any here who wish to leave at this point, by all means, get you gone.”
There was some embarrassed shifting but no one moved.  The man smiled grimly, “then if you are serious in this endeavor, I hereby swear you all to utter secrecy.  What you are about to hear is known to very few who still walk this mortal earth.  You know of the ancient war between the Master and His once great servant who has become His greatest Enemy.  This Enemy does not sleep, nor is he willing to let mortal men live in peace.  There are men abroad who have sold their souls into slavery to this dark lord, some even have entered a living death and have become terrible creatures that do naught but his will.  What I ask of you this night is to join the ranks of those who oppose these vile men and their undead comrades, that your kith and kin might dwell obliviously in peace.”  
The three latecomers exchanged wide-eyed looks of wonder, excitement coursed through their veins.  The old man continued long into the night, making sure his listeners fully understood what it was they were about to undertake.  Finally he finished and asked, “are there any who now would stand aside?”  No one moved.  “Very well,” said he gravely, “come forth one by one and swear yourselves to this service.”  And so they came forward, each stating his intention to fully abide by all the old man had said, and then taking a long draught of water out of an ancient flagon.  “Now,” he said, once the last had come forth. “you are each sealed to this cause.  Your duties and service will vary, but in the days to come you will each know what is asked of you.  Let us disperse before our enemies find us, go back to your homes, and await eagerly your Calling.”
The moon had risen and was well overhead by this time, giving plenty of light to the sojourners as they talked eagerly amongst themselves and started to slowly drift away toward their respective homes.  All chaos suddenly broke loose amidst the scattered company as nameless creatures howled, wailed, and shrieked in the night, even as arrows and swords, claws and teeth struck wildly into the now panicked gathering.  “Run!” shouted the old man, and then everything was terror and frenzy amongst the once eager initiates.  Bayard screamed as something viciously sunk its claws into his back, but his two friends each grabbed one of his hands and drew him along in their flight.  They found their horses still tied where they had left them, but mad with fright.  They disentangled the panicky beasts, who needed no further urging to run.  They galloped madly off into the night, heedless of holes or branches that might suddenly end their mad flight, only knowing that worse was behind than any danger that might lurk ahead.
They almost thought themselves away, when a fiendish howl behind them fed fresh fire into their horses’ panic and the fear coursing through their own hearts.  They prayed desperately to the Master they barely knew for salvation and wondered at the strange fate that would rob them of their lives the very night they decided to make something of them.  Griffin’s horse screamed, as only a mortally wounded equine can, and went crashing to the earth with his master upon his back, crying, “ride, ride!  My horse has broken his leg.  Don’t stop, it will be the death of us all…”  
Bayard and Kyan exchanged a terrified look, wanting to stop their mad flight and aid their friend, but his cries were already lost as whatever was pursuing them fell upon their fallen friend.  All they could do was ride on in horror and grief.  They galloped on until morning, having heard no sign of pursuit since poor Griffin had fallen behind.  The rosy shades of dawn revealed the Great Sea shining crimson before them as their poor beasts collapsed on the beach in exhaustion.  A little boat lay upon the shore and beckoned to both of the exhausted boys; they exchanged a tired smile and quickly climbed into the little craft and put out to Sea.  They soon caught the current that carried them swiftly east towards the sunrise and the end of the world.  They collapsed into an exhausted sleep as the day brightened and the little boat floated gaily along, caught in the strong eastbound current.
The sun had set and both boys roused in the cool of the evening as the first bright stars appeared in the darkening sky.  Bayard moaned in agony, for his entire being felt afire with fever from the deep scratches he had received from some fierce beast on the night that seemed more nightmare than terrible reality.  Kyan said quietly, “why are we at Sea?”  
Bayard smiled weakly, “it felt like the right thing to do at the time.”  
Kyan thought back to that surreal morning and nodded, “I know of a certain that it was the right thing to do, but where are we going?”  
Bayard shrugged and winced with the effort, “at least we left those fiends far behind.”  
Kyan implored, “but what lies ahead of us?  We have no food, you are wounded, this current will bear us right off the edge of the map!”




Sample story from ‘Legends of the Brethren:’

Of Poets and Heroes

The screams of horses and men filled the evening air with a chaos and horror ill-suited to the loveliness and quiet of the fading day.  Two of the beasts faded away as they fell dead and the third trapped his master beneath his prone form.  The trapped rider was himself uninjured save perhaps in the fall but several arrows had embedded themselves in his two companions and their fallen mounts; of the two, one lay unmoving and was likely dead, the other moved feebly but hope dawned as he caught the trapped man’s eye.  They stared at one another for a moment, the one with growing hope and the other with a rising fear.  The crunch of oncoming feet suddenly drew their attention as their foes approached.  His eyes pleading for help, the arrow stricken man suddenly threw some small object into the distant brush and glanced significantly from the now hidden object to his trapped companion whose eyes held reluctance and fear, but a minimal nod of his head brought the shadow of a smile to the stricken man’s face before their enemies were upon them.  A small band of vile looking men emerged from their ambush and looked about in delight at the carnage they had wrought.  One of them turned over the unmoving man to reveal that nothing remained but a corpse.  
Another approached the hopeful man and called out, “this one’s alive and should suit our purposes well enough.  Be done with him.”  One of the more vile of the company smiled in cruel anticipation, drew his sword as he approached, and finished that which the arrows had begun.  His eyes widened momentarily in pain and then stared blankly as the sword was withdrawn from his unmoving chest.  The whole group of them then approached the sole survivor yet trapped beneath his dead horse.
Said the leader of the repulsive band, “are you one of the Brethren then?”  
The trapped man laughed mirthlessly, “I am simply an ill-fated poet who hoped to write the tale of some great heroic effort but alas, all I shall ever write is a lament to the foolishness of heroic quests if ever I write anything again.”  
“Yes or no,” snarled the leader.  
The poet winced at his tone and said, “I am not one of that fellowship.”  
The man grinned cruelly and asked, “then why do you ride with them?”  
Taking on a professional air the poet said, “as I have already related I hoped to write a firsthand account of whatever adventure my late companions hoped to accomplish.  I fell in with them not quite a week ago.”  
“You know nothing of their mission?” queried the leader in some amazement.  
The poet sighed, “I only knew they were bound for Kyra on some desperate quest; I do not think even they knew their appointed task but hoped to find some contact upon our arrival.”  
The sinister man said, “how were they to make contact?”  
The poet shrugged, “they took that secret to the grave.”  
The leader did not seem pleased, “then I have no further use for you.”  The poet nodded grimly as the sword was raised again but the leader suddenly laughed, “I however like the idea of a lament against all for which the Brethren stand.  I will spare your life poet but only for the promise of your work.  Write well, for if you do not it might well be the last thing you do.  Search them and their luggage, then we ride for Kyra.”  The despots ransacked the living and the dead, but found nothing of interest.  They vanished as quickly as they had come, leaving the trapped poet to somehow extract himself from beneath the dead horse.  He painfully managed to pull himself from beneath his ill-fated mount, searched the vegetation concealing whatever it was his companion had hoped to hide, and finally discovered a small blue crystal cut in the shape of a star suspended from a satin ribbon of deepest blue.  He looked over the trinket and wondered to whom it might belong and how he was to discover its keeper and his destiny.
He sighed, he was no hero.  He sat heavily down upon the dead horse thinking about what had transpired in the last week to so utterly upset the course of his life.  He had been a wandering poet who roamed from place to place and entertained as he could to keep his stomach full and a roof over his head.  The commonfolk seemed to appreciate his efforts, at least enough that he did not starve.  A week gone, the two adventurers had stumbled into the same inn where he was holding forth with his familiar evening oratory.  They had listened appreciatively and once the night’s entertainment was finished, invited him over to their table for a mug of ale and some much needed conversation.  They had struck up a lively conversation, all three being of a quick and learned mind, and had stayed up long past the time all sensible men were in bed.  He had asked after their own travels and their tales amused and amazed him.  Whether it was the late hour or the wine, the poet never knew but he soon found himself asking if he might not accompany them on their adventure.  They exchanged a curious look and finally agreed that he could come, but that there might come a time when they might suddenly have to part company.  There was some hint of imminent danger and intrigue, but then no story was complete without such so the poet readily agreed.
So it was that he found himself riding with them to the Southern Realms towards the kingdom of Kyra whose monarchy was suddenly in disarray and from whence had come a desperate note and the trinket that he now held in his hand.  No one knew who had sent it, but only that it must be presented to the guards at the castle gates in the great city of Yorka.  The owner claimed that the very fate of the country might rest upon this quest and help was needed soon.  Kipril shuddered, wondering what strange adventure he had now become a participant in.  He looked upon his dead companions and his silent promise to the dying man echoed in his mind.  He had ever been an observer of life, a recorder of its wonders and perils, never a participant and now it had been thrust upon him.  He was ill-suited to such an adventure not having wielded a sword since his youth and then only poorly, but there was no one else to whom this adventure could fall.  He must at least attempt it, if only for the sake of the imperiled people of Kyra.  He sighed heavily, stood, and began to salvage what he could from the wreckage.  He filled his saddlebags with food and supplies, took up his bow, and then glanced at his fallen companion’s sword.  He was perhaps not as skilled with the weapon as some, but it might be useful in his quest.  Almost reverently, he took up the weapon for which his companion had no more mortal use.  In the gathering dark, he took the road and hoped to put many miles between himself and the sorrow behind him.

Kipril awoke early and crawled from the small dell in which he had taken shelter for the night.  He walked as fast and as far as he could that day, knowing full well that his quest was a hopeless one unless he soon acquired some swifter form of transportation.  Evening was falling and the lights of an inn ahead drew his weary gaze.  He felt that hope waited within, even if it were nothing more than an hour’s repose from the weary and lonely road he walked.  He took a seat, ordered a mug of a nameless brew, and glanced about at his fellow patrons.  He saw nothing but farmers and merchants until his eyes fell upon a young woman just entering the inn.  She was well dressed and moved like a cat, making him wonder if she were not some minor noble’s daughter set out in search of adventure.  Perhaps here was a chance to fob this foolish quest off upon someone else.  She caught his gaze and curiosity drew her to the stranger’s table.  He bought her a mug of his own nameless ale and she asked, “whither is your road sir and what quest lays at its end?”  
He laughed in spite of himself and said, “it seems I am not the only lonely adventurer upon the road.  I am currently walking to Kyra as my mount and companions have fallen upon the way but I shall not make it in time at the pace I currently set.  What of you fair lady?”  
She smiled at his words and said, “I too am upon a noble quest though perhaps one far less dire.  I ride for fabled Astoria and seek there to join the Brethren.  Are you perhaps one of those storied knights who has ridden forth in noble pursuit?”  
Kipril could not help but laugh, “lady, I am simply a wandering poet that has had unwanted adventure thrust upon him for there is none else to carry on the task which my late companions had begun.  They were of that noble calling but alas they have fallen by the way.”  
She smiled curiously and said, “then at least your quest is a vital one and perhaps your heart nobler than you know.  Perhaps I can aid those I hope to be my benefactors ere I ride to their country.  If walking is too slow a pace, then let me lend you a horse upon the way.”  
Kipril smiled gratefully and said, “that would be a great ease to my journey but I am still unworthy of this task.  I have a borrowed sword but little skill with it.  Could I beg your aid as well for I see you are not yourself unarmed?”  
She smiled gaily at him and said, “I was afraid you would turn me away for I am a woman, but I shall joyfully aid your task.  What is it we must do?”  
Kipril laughed, “I know almost as little as you but I shall gladly accept your company.  I have only a token to show at the gates of the castle and there our adventure may perhaps begin.”  
Alia soon told her story of how her father, a minor noble, had given her the choice of a loveless marriage or taking her small inheritance and forever leaving his presence.  She would not doom herself to such a grim fate and thus took her pittance and left behind all that she knew and loved.  She had heard many strange tales of the Brethren in her youth and set out in search of the mysterious adventurers of song and story.  She was eager to take part in a story of her own, even before ever she reached Astoria.
By common agreement they were saddled and upon the road ere the sun was up and it was not many days before their hurried pace brought them within the borders of Kyra and soon to the castle in the midst of the bustling city of Yorka.  Kipril left Alia at an inn in the city that he might approach the gates alone.  If he should not return, she was to make her own careful inquiries and if he discovered the nature of their adventure, he would swiftly return to tell the tale.  Both knew well the cost of this errand might well be their lives, but Kipril pressed on out of duty and Alia in hopes of righting some wrong.  The streets of Yorka were abuzz with the recent demise of the King in a hunting accident, the ascension of his brother to the throne, and the impending birth of the late King’s child and hoped for heir.  What part the dark men would play in the matter was yet to be seen.  Kipril approached the castle gates and proffered the charm to the guards posted there.  They eyed the trinket with some curiosity but could not decide if the man was trying to sell it or simply asking after its owner.  
A servant stationed nearby however gasped and said, “this man must immediately accompany me.”  The guards glanced in wonder at the man who had silently stood watch for so many days and now finally spoke.  They nodded grudgingly, but this was a personal servant to the Queen and not to be questioned nor gainsaid.  They let the man pass and the servant led him deep into the castle to the private chambers whence the Queen had withdrawn to mourn her husband and await the birth of her child.  It was she that had sent the urgent message and who now desperately awaited its answer.
 Kipril was amazed to be presented before so distinguished a personage and was speechless for a moment as he made his bows.  She smiled deeply and a glint of hope shone in her troubled eyes as she said, “so the Lady has sent my savior at last.”  
Kipril blushed crimson and studied his feet saying, “I am no hero lady but a simple wanderer who has taken up a quest whose true heroes have already fallen in its course.  I will do what I can, but I am no warrior but a poet.”  
She nodded sadly and said, “then to you my brave poet will the duty fall.  This then is my plea: if a male child should be born, to Astoria you must bear the infant in safety and secrecy, there to await the day when he can challenge his uncle for the throne of Kyra.  For only a man can sit upon Kyra’s throne and this child is the only one with a rightful claim save my brother-in-law who has already taken the title of King upon himself.  He was ever jealous of my husband and his demise was no accident though such is claimed, and if an heir should be born my son will not live long past his birth.  But should a girl child be born, she is no threat to his rule and we may depart in peace to my family’s estates and he is forever free to rule Kyra as he sees fit.”
“When is the child due?” asked Kipril awkwardly.  
She smiled and said, “any day.  I had hoped for your arrival sooner due to the legendary swiftness of unicorns but alas your mounts are mortal horses.”  As if in answer to his question a wince of pain crossed her face as she said, “perhaps even today!”  The Queen winced again as she said, “I think that you arrived only just in time.  Tonight will reveal whether your quest is a vain one.”  
Her ladies escorted her to her chambers, the midwife was fetched, and Kipril was left in the sitting room with a silent servant.  The night passed slowly and only occasional sounds of pain and frustration came from the adjoining room to break the silent vigil.  Finally the unmistakable cry of an infant was heard and not long after it was repeated.  The midwife rushed out all in a flutter and beckoned in the man who had waited so long; the Queen wished to see him without delay.  He made a rather flustered bow and she smiled tiredly at his discomfiture.  She said, “twins!”  He looked at her in anticipation as she continued, “a boy and a girl, of course the boy’s birth shall remain an absolute secret and you shall bear him to safety until the appointed time.  Are you ready to ride?”  
He said, “I need only fetch my confederate and my luggage from a nearby inn and then we shall leave at once.”  
“Confederate?” asked the Queen.  
Kipril said, “a young woman I met by chance upon the way who was on her way to Astoria and agreed to this slight detour.”  
The Queen smiled, “excellent, a man traveling with an infant would arouse suspicion.  I do not think your encounter chance young man.  Why did she not accompany you?”
Kipril said, “this mad adventure has already cost two men their lives.  I was concerned about pursuit and did not want both of us to fall afoul of some unknown foe ere we knew our errand.  She remained behind in case something happened to me.”  
The Queen said, “you have acted wisely.  Return to your inn, pack your things, and come to the small gate the servant shall show you as quickly as you can.  Haste will ensure secrecy.”  
He bowed again, met the servant in the adjoining room, and followed him on a twisting path out of the castle.  They emerged in a dark alley and the small door shut silently behind Kipril as he dashed off in search of his inn.  He had just stepped out into the main street abutting the alley when he felt a sharp pain in his abdomen.  He clutched at the wound as his knees buckled and he fell to the ground in agony; the air was filled with strangely familiar and sinister laughter.  The dark voice said, “I told you to leave well enough alone boy!  This is the price of meddling in business not your own.  Who did you meet within the castle and to what purpose?”  
“That I shall never tell,” groaned the stricken man.  
“We shall see,” snarled the sinister voice as the man dashed off to investigate where the meddler had been.  
Kipril struggled to his feet, holding his hand to his wounded side; he dashed off in a stumbling run towards the inn.  Alia gasped when she saw who the ashen faced man was who nearly fainted as he entered the door of the inn.  She had been speaking quietly with a man in the uniform of the Brethren.  Both ran to aid the injured man on the verge of collapse.  “What happened?” she gasped.  
Kipril glanced about nervously, “we must talk quickly and privately.  There is no time.”  They wasted no time in helping him to sit on the edge of the bed in one of the guest rooms.  Once they were alone he said, “as you know there are rumors about that the late King was murdered by his brother who made it look like a hunting accident.  The Queen was concerned for the safety of her unborn child, should it be a boy and potential heir to the throne.  If the child was a male, she wished one of the Brethren to carry him safely to Astoria to wait until he came of age to challenge his uncle for the throne.  The Queen gave birth tonight to twins, a boy and a girl.  She will withdraw quietly to her estates with the girl and waits for us to bear her son to safety.  Alia, you must meet the servant at a small side gate and take the infant to Astoria.”  
“What about you?” whispered she.  
Kipril drew back his tunic from the wound and said grimly, “I am in no condition to travel nor do I think I shall long survive this wound.  One of the men who ambushed my late companions fell upon me as I was leaving the castle.  He must have seen me go in and waited for me to come out.  He attacked me, questioned me, and then ran off to see what I would not tell him.  He will be on the watch so you must be careful.”  
The Brother spoke for the first time, “these are grim tidings indeed.  I am the Lady’s Advisor to the King, or I was until the new King banished me from the castle, save for court functions, which is why I now haunt this inn.  The child must reach safety at all costs.  Take my mount, he will bear you swiftly and safely to Astoria.”  
Alia’s eyes were wide, “me ride a unicorn?”  
The man nodded grimly, “I cannot accompany you for I am needed here and neither is your friend in any condition for such an adventure.  It must be you.  Go, and may the Master ride with you.”  She nodded grimly, bid farewell to her companions, and dashed from the room.  
“Will she make it do you think?” asked Kipril of the other man.  He only shook his head in wonder and helped make the stricken man as comfortable as he could.
Alia rode swiftly towards the small gate, astonished at the speed and silence of her mount.  He was reluctant to so abandon his master but he knew this task was of the utmost importance.  They arrived swiftly and nearly unseen for the unicorn had draped himself in darkness.  Alia knocked upon the gate, it was opened by a cautious servant, she showed the crystal star as instructed, and soon received the child into her keeping along with those things that might prove his identity at the proper time.  They dashed off together into the night bound for Astoria.  Not far out of the city, the unicorn stopped and whinnied in fear but his master bid him run all the harder and he could not disobey.  Some time after he screamed in rage and grief but continued on his course, faithful to his master’s last command.

The dark man left his injured foe and ran off into the darkness to see from whence he had come.  He could not yet gain access to the castle and could learn nothing more upon a second investigation.  He dashed back to find his nemesis fled and followed quickly after.  Not long after the girl had left, the dark man burst through the window of the room in which his quarry lay helpless upon the bed.  He had not expected to find one of the Brethren within, but all the better.  The two men whirled about in a dance of death and steel while Kipril watched wide-eyed from the bed.  The two were fairly evenly matched and it was hard to tell who had the upper hand.  The dark man snarled in glee as he clipped his opponent on the shoulder and knew his victory was assured, but in his moment of triumph he dropped his guard for a brief second allowing his foe to strike a mortal blow.  The man fell to the floor laughing through his pain and panted, “you think you have won but neither of you will long survive me.”  He coughed a few times before succumbing to his wounds and then dissolved into an oily puddle on the floor.  
The two survivors shared an astonished look and the Brother leant heavily upon the bedpost, clutching his injured shoulder and breathing heavily.  Kipril asked in growing concern, “what is wrong?  What did he mean you would not survive?”  
The man said quietly through teeth clenched in pain, “I think there was some vile taint upon that blade of his and that it is quickly killing me.  I doubt you will long survive me.  That being the case, have you thought about what lies beyond death?”
Kipril stared at the man in astonishment, “you are nearer death than I and you want to talk philosophy?”  
The man winced as he laughed and said, “I have no such worries but you might spend all eternity ruing these last few hours.”  
Kipril frowned, “you Brethren are all fanatics on this topic.  I suppose if this Master of yours does exist then I have naught to fear.  I have lived a good life, or as good as any man could in my circumstances.  Besides, I have gotten myself killed on his behalf, for which I think he owes me much.”  
The dying man’s breathing was ragged and darkness was ever on the brink of overcoming him, but he fought against it saying, “with an attitude like that you are sure to spend an eternity apart from the Master and thus in utter darkness and despair.  The Master is no man with whom you can bargain in the market place.  He owes mortal man nothing.  We are all rebels against his perfect way and we all justly deserve condemnation.  Our best efforts are nothing to him.  What can any mortal do that could impress or indebt the One who made us.”  
“Then we are all doomed?” asked the skeptical Kipril.  
The man was fading fast but said, “the price of rebellion is death, but the Master took that penalty upon himself to spare us if only we will accept his sacrifice on our behalf.  He need not have known death, but he suffered death for us.”  
“What must I do?” asked the stunned Kipril.  
With his last breath the man said, “believe, trust, and give yourself utterly to him.”  He toppled over and moved no more, leaving Kipril alone to contemplate eternity.
These Brethren were mad, absolutely mad!  He had now seen three of them die for no good cause.  Could they be right?  In all the excitement he had forgotten about his own wound and now remembrance came crashing agonizingly back to the front of his mind.  He was deathly weak and each breath became more and more a struggle.  He glanced desperately at the dead man and idly wondered how long before he himself was naught but a corpse.  His mind returned to those uneasy things of which the dying man had spoken.  All his life he had heard the tales of the Master but had never felt inclined to think of them as more than just stories.  What if there was something beyond humanity?  Beyond death?  It certainly made sense but how to know what was truly out there?  He glanced again at the dead man and remembered how certain he had been even to the point of being able to proselytize upon the brink of death.  Worse, his own heart seemed to tell him that here was the truth he had ignored all these years.  His mind protested not wanting to admit that up until this moment perhaps his life truly had been lived in vain.  The weariness deepened and darkness gnawed at the corners of his vision; the maw of eternity gaped before him and yet he wanted to protest, drag his feet, and hesitate.  
Finally, the moments running out, he gasped, “I do not know you but I know I need you.  Forgive my rebellion, my ignorance, and my hesitation.  I have nothing to offer, but I am yours to use as you will.” 
 A voice like echoed thunder said quietly beside him, “I certainly shall.”

Alia rode swiftly to Astoria, her heart near to breaking for her fallen companions.  The infant traveled well for one so new to the world and she wondered what hope rested upon the shoulders of one so small and innocent.  The unicorn revealed his true form as they ran through the streets of Astoria that none might bar their way.  The guards upon the castle gates watched curiously but allowed the strange woman to pass unhindered.  It was not often that one not of the Brethren ever rode upon the back of so legendary a creature.  They gaped even more to see the stranger clutching a very young child to her breast.  She slid from the saddle and glanced about in near desperation, “I must see your Lady immediately concerning happenings in Kyra.”  
A servant ran immediately to ask after the Lady’s availability and returned swiftly to lead the strange young woman to stand before their legendary leader.  Alia told her story and presented the child and his accessories to the astonished Lady who replied, “these are certainly tragic tidings and we shall tend to the child as his mother wishes.  Now what of you my dear?  You who have traveled so far and risked so much; what is your part in this tale?”  The infant was given into the care of a childless woman and her husband who were delighted to have such a charge.  Alia was finally able to realize her goal of joining the Brethren.

The years passed and the child grew into a boy verging on manhood.  For ten years, he grew up quietly at home thinking no more of himself than any other peasant’s son.  At ten years of age he was allowed to go to Astoria to further his education with the renowned knowledge and teaching skills of the Brethren.  At fifteen, he was convinced he wanted to become one of them.  He stood before the Lady that day, nervous but hopeful to have his request granted.  She looked at him quietly for a few moments and a small sadness seemed to flit through her eyes for a moment but was soon replaced with dead seriousness.  She said, “Ian, I cannot grant that which you ask.”  
He gaped and without thinking asked, “what have I done or not done that you will not allow me to join you?”  
She smiled and said gently, “it is nothing of your doing but concerns a greater duty you must first fulfill.”  He looked at her in absolute confusion as she continued, “as you are well aware, the Brethren cannot rule even a city, let alone a country save perhaps the Lady of Astoria.  You cannot take your Oath because you are the rightful heir to the throne of Kyra and the time has come for you to journey thither and claim your birthright.”  He looked at her as if she had gone mad.
She continued, “your father, the former King of Kyra was killed upon a hunting foray and many suspect his brother in the crime.  Your uncle now rules Kyra with an iron fist and oppresses your people severely.  Your father died before your birth and your mother feared for your life so sent you hence that you might grow up in safety.  Your twin sister and mother yet reside upon your family estates in Kyra.  Nothing is known to anyone outside the Brethren and a few faithful servants of your existence.  My hope, and the hope of all Kyra, is that you return to the land of your birth and claim the throne that is rightfully yours and rule your people more justly than their current King.  This is why I must deny you the Oath.”  
He gaped at her and finally said, “I understand and know I must take this quest upon myself if only for the sake of the suffering Kyrans, but how am I, a mere boy to challenge a King?”  
The Lady smiled warmly, “I will send several of the Brethren with you along with certain proofs of your valid claim to the throne.  You must know this is a very dangerous quest; four men and two unicorns have already died in the events surrounding your birth.  The King has many dangerous servants and advisors who will aid him in thwarting your efforts at all costs.”  
Ian bowed deeply and said, “it is a risk I must take.  What if I fail?”  
The Lady smiled, “short of death I do not think you shall fail.”  
He smiled weakly, “my only regret is not being able to serve you as one of the Brethren.”  
She smiled warmly and said, “if you survive this ordeal and still have the interest in sixty years or so after you have passed your reign onto your children, I see no reason why you cannot yet join the Brethren.”  He smiled deeply at her sincerity and wondered if his zeal could be so strong as to last six decades.
Alia and three others were dispatched to accompany the aspiring prince to Kyra.  He carried with him a letter written by his mother and sealed with the royal signet ring, the crystal star charm, and his late father’s sword.  It was early autumn and the weather was perfect for travel; the party made excellent progress and was soon nearing the borders of Kyra.  It was at this point in their travels that Ian felt the adventure was about to begin; until now, he had been in a blissful half-dream but now was not the time for childish fancies when the fate of a nation rested upon his very inadequate shoulders.  It was late afternoon and the sun had set all the world afire in shades of richest gold when a lone traveler approached the party upon the road.  He drew rein and waited patiently for the party to approach.  
One of the men asked as they drew nigh, “why do you bar our way stranger.”  
The stranger suppressed a smile of secret amusement and said, “I do not bar your path but simply wish to join your party.  I have come to aid you in your endeavors.”  
The Brother laughed, “and what could you know of our errand?”  
The stranger replied, “I have come to see finished the errand I began fifteen years ago.”  
“And what errand would that be stranger?” asked the Brother cautiously.  
The man smiled sheepishly and said, “to see a proper King restored to Kyra.”  
“What part did you play in that sad tale,” asked the Brother in confusion, “I thought there were none living, save those in our party, to finish what was begun so long ago.”  
“Alia can testify to my involvement,” said the man strangely. 
All the while, Alia had been staring at the stranger in astonishment and could not quite believe her eyes.  With his statement she said in doubt and horror, “Kipril?  Is it truly you?  I thought you long dead!  What became of the Advisor to the King, his mount certainly felt him die.”  
Kipril glanced towards the ground and then ruefully met her astonished gaze, “you know me for truly myself.  Not long after you left, my attacker came to finish me only to find me not alone.  They fought, the sinister man was killed, and my valiant protector did not long survive him.  I was on the brink of death when I finally realized sense and surrendered my life, failing as it was, to the Master.  The Master himself was in that room and took me at my word.  He healed my wound and set me immediately upon this task.  To you it has been fifteen years; to me it has been only a few minutes!  I do not know what shall become of me once all is ended.  I may perhaps live on for years or I might fall to dust the moment the King is crowned.  At least my life will not have been lived completely in vain.”  
The little company stared at him in astonishment, but the Brethren knew he spoke truly no matter how hard it was to believe.  Alia smiled at her long lost friend and said, “then welcome back my friend.  What counsel can you give us about matters in Kyra?”
Kipril said, “as you know, the King is a vile tyrant and sorely tries his people.  What you may not know is that the men behind the deaths of three of your comrades fifteen years ago secretly aid and advise the King.  The Queen and her daughter still live quietly in the country but the King has his eye on the girl as a prospective bride for his own son and heir.  I suggest we break into two parties.  Alia, the boy, and I shall ride to the former Queen’s estates and the rest of you shall ride to Yorka and assess the situation there.  We shall meet you as soon as we have apprised the Queen of her son’s return.”  The others quickly agreed and they set off immediately for their assigned destinations.  
As Alia and her companions made camp that night, Ian asked, “how can this be?”  
Alia laughed, “how can you have spent so many years among the Brethren and not believe in miracles?”  
Ian smiled ruefully, “I suppose I do but I thought they only ever happened to other people.  The Master truly does work in wonderful and mysterious ways!”  
They rode on, avoided the patrols once they crossed into Kyra, and soon found themselves upon the Queen’s estates.  Alia presented the star trinket to the guards at the great gates before the ancient house and a servant was quickly sent to inquire after the Queen.  The astonished servant quickly returned and ushered the strangers into his lady’s presence.  All three bowed and the aging woman stared in wonder and joy at her long sundered son.  Finally each found the courage to embrace and a quick round of wondering questions and excited chatter followed.  
After Ian met his sister and mother and all their curiosity and joy had momentarily been satisfied Alia asked, “how go things in Kyra?  Are they as bad as we have heard?  Any idea how the boy is to retake the throne?”  
The queen said, “things are bad enough, especially for the commoners.  In usual circumstances, Ian would present himself to the royal lawyers who would then decide whether he was the legal heir to the throne, but these are far from usual circumstances.  I fear his uncle will kill him regardless.”  
Kipril said, “I think secrecy will not avail us.  Let us present ourselves before the entire court that a knife in the dark will not end all their worries.  With enough witnesses perhaps the King will step down as he rightfully should.  If he will not, then we will do what we must.  He may challenge you to a duel for the crown and I am sure there will be treachery in the mix.”  
Ian said firmly, “I will do what I must.”  
They all agreed to the sketchy plan and the three set off at once with the Queen to follow after with the intent of attending court on the following evening when Ian would make his claims.  They reached Yorka the following morning and met with the three that had gone ahead who agreed completely with their suppositions.  The Brethren could not take the throne by force, but neither could the current King legally deny the claims of his nephew.  His only recourse would be to have the upstart murdered, a dangerous task since all the city would soon know of the challenge to his throne or to challenge him to and best him in a duel.

The servants of evil had not been lax these many years either.  They had a spy in the midst of the Queen’s servants and the moment he saw the star trinket he knew the game was afoot.  He made his way to the city and swiftly reported his suspicions to his dark masters.  So it was when the young renegade came to make his claims, the King and his sinister advisors were not taken unawares.  They could have barred the youth an audience but then he would have made a scene in the street.  He was too well protected to be silently murdered and it would be good to show the court exactly how such rebels were dealt with.  The King actually looked forward to the confrontation and his associates would make sure that he was the victor.  As expected, he made his appearance at court the following evening.  
There was much gossip amongst the bystanders as the King had allowed word of the imposter to be spread abroad.  Alia, Kipril, and his mother accompanied him to stand before the King; the rest of the Brethren spread out to make sure no ambush was imminent.  Ian said in a voice for all to hear, “I hereby lay claim to the throne of Kyra held unjustly these fifteen years by the murderer of my father.”  
The King laughed, “have you any proof boy that I killed your father or that you are even the late King’s son?” 
Ian stood his ground and said, “I have no proof you murdered my father save the certainty in my heart.  But I have ample proof I am the son of the late King.”  He proffered his proofs and the royal lawyers examined the documents and artifacts for authenticity.
The King said, “I thought this woman bore a girl child.”  
The former Queen spoke, “I gave birth to twins that night.  The boy was safely hidden until he was of an age to claim his birthright.”  
The King scoffed, “a likely story, you simply found a youth of the correct age and indoctrinated him.”  
Alia spoke, “nay Sire, it was I that bore this very child to Astoria fifteen years ago.  Know by the Oath that it is true.”  
The King looked to the lawyers, “well?”  
They nodded grimly, “the artifacts and proofs seem to be quite real.  Can anyone bear testimony to the Queen’s story?”  
An aged woman emerged from the crowd and the ancient midwife said, “she speaks truly.  I was there when she gave birth and delivered a boy and a girl that night.”  
“Very well,” said the King in much glee, “who is to say that you are the legal heir to the throne?  Why must I vacate that which is lawfully mine?”  
Alia spoke, “Kyran law states that in the presence of an immature heir, a Steward may be appointed until the boy is of age at which point he will assume the throne.  Your reign is legally at an end.  You are also accused of gaining the throne through treacherous means which would also nullify your right to reign.”  
“You have no proof,” snarled the King, “and I will not relinquish the throne to this no name upstart.  If he wants the throne he must step over my dead body to gain it; I challenge him to a duel.”  
Ian looked concerned, “must I fight him?”  
The royal lawyers looked grim, “under these circumstances it would violate all our customs not to.  You have no legal requirements as such, but the people would not respect you if you declined.  I also think your uncle would prove a dangerous enemy were he allowed to live.”  
The King gave him a dangerous look and the lawyer replied, “I was only stating the obvious Sire, no insult was meant on your behalf.”
The King glared at his nephew, “well?”  
The boy drew his sword in answer, the audience drew back to give them room to fight, and the King grinned as he drew his own blade and approached the boy.  The lawyer intoned in a dreary voice for what seemed a decade the various rules before allowing the combatants to bow and face one another.  The boy was young but skilled, the old man experienced but out of practice.  They whirled about in a deadly dance while the dark aides of the King drew their own weapons to aid the King by treachery should such be necessary.  The Brethren held their own swords at the ready seeing what the sinister men intended.  It was the stamina of the younger man that won the day as his weary uncle knelt before him with chest heaving wildly for air.  He mocked between breathes, “finish me boy or they shall think you too weak to rule.”  
The boy shook his head, “no, you shall stand trial for my father’s murder.  I will not make you a martyr or give you the honor of a swift death.”  
At that moment, the sinister men in the crowd made to fall upon the boy but were met by an equal number of the Brethren.  The King seeing his future looking bleak and his treacherous friends fighting for their lives, lunged forward with sword drawn upon the distracted boy.  The blade buried itself deeply in Kipril’s chest as he leapt between Ian and his murderous uncle.  Seeing his own doom near to hand, the vile King took his own life rather than losing it justly to the headsman.  His vile henchmen did likewise rather than reveal their sinister allegiance.
The court was in uproar and confusion until the Brethren and heir apparent finally managed to calm them.  No one understood why the dark men had dissolved into an oily puddle of goo upon death but the matter was soon forgotten as the lawyers proclaimed Ian the rightful heir to the throne now that his uncle was most certainly dead.  Some of the more treacherous nobles made to sneak out but the Brethren barred their way until the new King could deal with them justly.  
Ian stared down in dismay at Kipril’s shattered form, “I should be the one lying dead.”  
Alia put a reassuring hand upon his back and smiled sadly at her fallen friend, “he was already assumed dead in your service Sire; it just happened a little later than we all thought.  He knew well his duty and carried it out faithfully.  We can all only hope to die so nobly.  We will mourn a little, but grief should not be our constant companion, for we shall meet again beyond time if we remain faithful until the end ourselves.”  The King was crowned and ruled his people justly for many years and once his own son was well established upon the throne, Ian quietly vanished and only his nearest kin and the Brethren knew what became of him after.  The poet who thought himself no hero lived on in song and story long after Kyra itself had passed out of memory.
 In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’


There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.

On Sleeping Beauties: A Foible

“No, no, no!” rang the irate fairy’s strident voice as she perused the text before her, “this will never do, not in the least!  That’s not how it happened at all!”
“What’s wrong with it?” gasped her journalistic companion in surprise, “I thought you were a Reformed Evil Fairy or some such?”
Her glare froze him in his seat as she replied icily, “that does not mean I will swoon and sigh over this pathetic drivel you have the audacity to call literature.  Not even my goody-goody sister is that insipid.”
“But what is wrong with it?” said the flummoxed, and rather nervous, writer in growing despair.
“The better question,” said the fairy wryly, “is what is right with it.  Nothing!  Absolutely nothing!”  She frowned slightly and added, “that and it is utterly dull.”
“Dull?!” said he, his ire suddenly replacing his fear and surprise, “it is the consummate fairy tale!”
“That’s the problem,” said she with a heavy sigh, “I’ve had to give up the genre entirely in these latter years; it probably isn’t your fault, the world isn’t what it used to be.  I suppose you don’t even believe in dragons?”
“Of course not,” said the man with a sneer, “why should I?  Nor unicorns either, for that matter.”
“So you can put a rider on your home insurance policy, of course” said the fairy with a laughing smirk, “what happens if a dragon should happen to fly over your house and sneeze?”  He paled at this, wondering if his disbelief were so wise and trendy after all.  She continued, “as for unicorns, there’s not really any practical reason to believe in them, but it’s to your own loss if you don’t.”  He frowned at her, not catching her meaning but she was not about to enlighten him further.
Said he after a long and awkward silence, “very well, madam, I suppose since I importuned you for this very reason.  You had best tell me how to improve my manuscript.”
“Much better,” said the Reformed Fairy of Blackfen, with something almost resembling a genuine smile.  She took up the paper again and scanned the text, muttering under her breath as she read, “big party...angry fairy...the girl will die...irritating cousin mitigates the curse...pricks her finger on a spindle...long nap...smooch from a handsome prince...happily ever after.”  She looked up at him and said solemnly, “if you must know, it is very tedious indeed.”  His mouth fell open in astonishment but she charged on before he could utter anything he might afterwards regret, as he was in the presence of a magical person who did not suffer fools lightly, said she, “your characters have no personality, your plot has no depth, there isn’t even a sprinkling of humor in it, the danger and suspense is nonexistent as we all know the prince will come eventually.  That and it’s historically inaccurate.”
“Fine,” grumped the journalist, sitting back in his chair, arms crossed, and the look of a sulking toddler on his face, “enlighten me.”
“Oh, that I will,” said the fairy in true delight as she tossed the paper aside, laughed she, “and it doesn’t even begin with ‘Once upon a time:’

“I need a baby,” said the noble lady to her husband as he entered their extensive and fashionable house.  He stared at her blankly for a moment, as if wondering why she just did not go out and procure one like she did her dresses and shoes, rather than bothering him with such trifling little details, but before he could fathom the full import of her words, she plunged ahead, “I was just over at the Jones’s and they have the cutest little boy!  Oh, darling!  I want one; I must have one!  Wouldn’t a little girl be just the thing to liven up this rather dreary old house?  Think of the adorable little clothes and the accessories I could buy!  The congratulations and adulation that would flow in!”
He was about to protest that babies were theoretically expensive, and from what he had heard, they were quite noisy and dreadfully messy, not to mention rather inconvenient, but then that is what one had staff for, was it not?  And as money was no object in that particular household, why not?  “Very well darling,” said he, “if it makes you happy, nothing could please me more.”
But it seems infants are slightly harder to procure than shoes of a particular size and shade, which is hard enough, most especially when you are impatient for the fulfillment thereof.  So it was that little Midas Jones was walking and beginning to babble almost recognizable verbiage, which his mother insisted were words, whilst our esteemed lady’s frustrations mounted over her inability to produce such an adorable creature of her own, but more importantly she was unable to reap the social excitement and congratulations that would undoubtedly flow unceasingly from such a fount.  She consulted every known sorcerer, apothecary, physician, and herbalist she could find who specialized in such matters, but all to no avail.
But just as the baby craze seemed to be fading in that particular neighborhood, though exotic poultry were becoming quite fashionable, our lady found herself the mother of a beautiful little girl, in celebration of which, they threw a fantastic party, inviting everyone who was anyone in the entire Kingdom and beyond.  The happy couple stood at the door greeting their guests as carriage after carriage rolled up and disgorged one fabulously clad celebrant after another, all obviously bored silly and there out of duty rather than any fondness for children in general or this couple in particular.  The proud parents had just turned to follow the last invited guest into the house, when a rather irritated throat cleared behind them, drawing their attention.  “Yes?” said the perplexed lady of the house to the rather curiously dressed individual loitering upon her expensive and stately steps.
“I fear my invitation must have been mislaid or lost by the carrier, for I never received it,” said the interesting personage.
“Invitation?!” said the lady, quite aghast that this odd person could even think that she would ever extend an invitation to such a peculiar and shabbily clad being.
“It is the only explanation,” said the creature, quite indifferent to the hostess’ shock, “for who would dare not invite me?”
“Who or what are you, madam?” said the astounded lady.
“What?” said the disturbing vision, with a certain dangerous edge in her voice that even the flabbergasted lady could not miss, “I am not a what but a who, madam!  I am the Fairy of Blackfen.”
“Ah!” said the relieved host, coming to his lady’s rescue, “that explains it then.  For you see, we don’t happen to believe in fairies, it is quite unfashionable and therefore unthinkable, and since we do not believe in your existence, well, you can’t expect an invitation when you don’t exist now, can you?  No hard feelings I hope.  Ta ta!”  He stared at her expectantly for a moment, as if he expected her to immediately tip over dead, and then seemed rather crestfallen when she failed to do anything half so obliging.
The fairy frowned at him, “why are you standing there gaping?”
“I would think you of all people would have read that particular story?” said he in wonder, “when I said, ‘we don’t believe in fairies,’ aren’t you supposed to drop dead or something?”
The fairy said with a longsuffering sigh, but could not entirely hide her wry smirk, “I am afraid that particular story is not this particular story, thus the rules are quite different.  So sorry to disoblige you, now what about my invitation?”
“I am afraid not,” said the lady of the house with a firm shake of her head, “it would never do!  Your attire alone is five hundred years out of fashion, not to mention what my neighbors would think if I actually let a fairy in the house!  It would be utterly ridiculous and I could never again show my face in fashionable society.  Now if you were a leprechaun or some other well-to-do and currently in-vogue pixie-type person, I might make an exception, but it is completely unthinkable in this instance!  I bid you good day, madam; I have a party to host!”
The fairy laughed darkly and said in her most sinister voice, which was impressively creepy, “what if I threatened to curse your child else?”
“Oh, would you!” said the lady in sudden delight.  At the astonished and confused looks she received not only from the fairy but also from her husband, she added by way of explanation, “little Midas Jones was hexed after calling the new teacher at his Montessori, ‘an ugly old hag,’ when she pinched him and said he looked good enough to eat.  It was only the truth after all, but still she sued the Montessori and won enough money to pay cash for that homely old gingerbread mansion down the street.  Who builds with carbs nowadays?  Anyway, then she went and cursed him besides.  Now everything he touches turns to gold!  I had thought about asking if we could babysit now and again, but this would be even better.”  Her husband still looked rather perplexed, though the fairy now seemed to understand far more about this particular couple than they knew about themselves.  The lady rolled her eyes and sighed, “what is it dear?  What was unclear about what I just said?”
The man shook his head, “what’s a Montessori?  Some sort of fancy sandwich shop?”
With another sigh, his wife expounded, “it is an elite and expensive school for very young children, I had one picked out even before our daughter was born; you can’t start too early, you know.”  She eyed the fairy eagerly, “what do you think?”
Said the fairy dryly, “I don’t think there’s a worse curse I could lay on you people than the existence you already lead.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” snapped the lady in vexation, “the Jones’s have a child with a curse, how am I to be content without one too?”
The fairy wore a mocking smile, “you continue to prove my point, madam.  But I won’t be cursing your wretched whelp with anything half so interesting as the golden touch.  I suppose I could destine her to prick her finger on a spindle and fall into a wakeless sleep, or even to die; it’s trite, but effective.”  She frowned, “but then there’s always the matter of some pesky prince showing up and ruining everything; I can’t abide a ‘happily ever after.’  No, I’ll leave things as they are, I’ll let you stew in your insipidness and go vainly about your pathetic lives, but I will not forget this and one day, I will have my revenge on the entire neighborhood.  It used to be an actually respectable part of the Kingdom, except maybe for that troll under the bridge, but I’d take him over any of your ilk, drat those goats!  At least he kept the riffraff out.”
The lady looked rather baffled after this expostulation and asked for clarification upon the most important point, at least to her thinking, “what exactly is a spindle?”
The fairy sighed heavily, and replied, “I suppose you’ve never actually had to do any sort of actual handicrafts?  Making your own dresses, spinning, sewing, that sort of thing?”
“Making dresses?” said the flummoxed lady, “I have never heard of anything so ridiculous!  Why, I just send a page down to a certain seamstress with precise instructions as to what I want and need, and her lad brings it over in a trice.  No fuss, no mess, just magic!  Or does she grow them?  Sewing indeed!  What nonsense!”
The fairy’s head was in her hands, though whether trying to hide her amusement or frustration this tale does not tell, sighed she at long last, “never mind madam, it matters not.”  And then she vanished.  The baffled couple exchanged a perplexed look and then went in to their guests with quite the story to tell.”

“That is utterly ridiculous!” gasped the journalist, as the fairy paused in her telling of the tale.
“I know,” sighed the fairy, thinking she had made her point at last, “such was the state of the world even then, and it has only grown worse since.”
“No!” said the offended man, “they could have been my parents!  What happened to the King and Queen?  The castle?  Who wants to hear a fairy tale set in the suburbs?”
“Apparently not you,” said the fairy darkly, but softening her tone, she said more graciously, “but then you can’t really help your upbringing I suppose and it explains much about your own lackluster tale.”  She glanced derisively at the cast off manuscript, “I suppose you can’t help that!  Now do you want to hear the rest of the tale or shall I call in a psychologist so you can work through your traumatic childhood first?”
“By all means, please continue,” said the man, who was now white as a ghost, though whether at the thought of displeasing this magically dangerous personage or at the very idea that he might need counseling, she did not know.  She smiled in a very pleased fashion, for either would suffice, and then continued:

“After the congratulations and socially enforced awe that attend the advent of a new baby in the family had subsided to a mere trickle, and as the lady’s trendy chicken fetish consumed more and more of her time, the child was relegated to the care of a person known only as ‘nurse.’  And as Nurse was a rather old and perpetually exhausted person, she required a great deal of sleep, which only increased as the child grew, thus the dear lady spent most of her waking hours dozing in a chair in the garden whilst her charge ran amuck amongst the ferns and hedgerows.  While her mother truly had picked out a Montessori, a husband, the names of her grandchildren, etc. before the girl was even born, the all-consuming pressure of trends and fashion soon turned her mind to other, more pressing concerns and her daughter’s brilliant future was quite soon forgotten therewith.
The disgruntled fairy had not forgotten her promise and watched the family with interest as the child grew, wondering if she could come up with a curse worse than the girl’s current reality.  However, the girl was not without allies, for this particular fairy had a sister, one with whom she was not on very good terms, for in the elder’s usually blunt way of expressing things, she summed up her younger sister as a quote, ‘goody two-shoes!’  The younger saw what the elder was plotting and felt the need to intervene on behalf of the child, though whether she was protecting the girl from her parents or her vengeful sister, or both, was yet to be seen.”

“This is actually becoming a little bit interesting,” said the man, whose complexion had returned to a somewhat more natural color, “do you not find it odd to speak of yourself in the third person?”
The fairy glared at him and he was suddenly pallid as milk once more, said she, “if you would please not interrupt, you will soon discover that the story becomes quite interesting indeed.  And a good storyteller has no difficulty in speaking in the third, fourth, or even fifth person!”
The man frowned, “the fifth person?”
“Only slightly more difficult to master than the fourth-and-a-half person,” said she with dancing eyes, causing his cheeks to redden in fury as he realized she was making fun of him rather than imparting the literary secrets of Faerie.  Ignoring his interest in the grammatical rules peculiar to immortals, she continued:

“The great horse whinnied nervously; the knight looked around in dread, wondering what could cause the usually unflappable animal such unease.  Such was its training that it did not flinch, even before dragons.  The friendly light of eventide suddenly became the black of a storm-wracked night and all the whispered noises of a sylvan twilight were now as a tomb.  A scornful female voice scoffed in the menacing gloom, “well hero?  What will come of you?  Will you live or die?  Will you ride upon my whims or shall the earth swallow you whole?”  
The man shuddered, but knew to his very soul that he could never serve such a vile mistress, said he as boldly as terror allowed, “do your worst, fell lady, but I shall never serve such as thee.”  The only answer was her mocking laughter as the ground upon which the horse stood suddenly became treacherous as that of mire or fen.  The horse screamed his terror but was soon silenced as they sank from the sight and knowledge of mortal men.”

“Certainly far more dramatic than my rendition,” said the man in approval, “but I still don’t see where a spindle fits into all of this?”
“You are utterly ruining my tale!” said she with another irritated glare, “and unless you want to finish the story as an amphibian, I would highly advise against further outbursts!”  He swallowed audibly, eliciting a menacing smile from the lady as she continued:

 “There had never been such a cheerful, skipping child as Kylee, who seemed more lark or sunbeam than daughter of men.  Her joy it was to sing and dance through the wooded vales in mist and shadow, to whisper with the flowers of the garden when they were aglow with the morning sun, and to share secrets with the little birds that trilled in the hedges.  Nor was she surprised to meet one day a creature as whimsical and joyous as herself, save this was a daughter of the fairies, rather than of the mortal race, but so alike were they in interest and temper that it mattered not.  So it was they traversed field and fen together, laughing with the brook and dancing in the mists of dawn, learning the language of violet and swallow.  Her parents would have been aghast to learn that she kept company with any fey creature, no matter how sweet of temper, but they took very little interest in her or her tales, and her nurse, when conscious, just assumed them to be the invention of a young and fanciful mind with too little interest in her own kind, but she could not contain this seemingly half-dryad creature without crushing her utterly or ruining a perfectly good nap, so Nurse allowed her to gad about as she would, thinking she would one day outgrow such nonsense.  But outgrow it she never would.
The years passed and this whimsical bud blossomed into a fanciful maiden who still kept her secret trysts with her sister of fairykind, but had learned the wisdom of keeping silent upon the matter with less discerning mortals.  Upon a misty morn of rose and gold, Kylee met the fairy lass amidst the dew soaked lilies, but the creature seemed apprehensive, a mood in which the girl had never before seen the irrepressibly blithe creature, said the fairy with trembling voice, “I bear dread tidings, my friend, but worse would it be if no one knew and nothing was done to prevent so great a tragedy.”  Kylee was at her side in a moment, urging her to speak what she would, for it must be grim indeed to so upset a creature that might have been mirth incarnate.  Continued she, “my sister, whose nature is quite contrary to my own, has used her magic to coerce and entrap any number of men, warriors all, that they may do naught but her will, this to spare their lives.  She intends to loose these vile slaves upon all the folk hereabouts, to rid the countryside of mortal men and to restore order and dignity to the neighborhood, at least as she defines it.”
Kylee gasped, “can nothing be done?”
The fairy said grimly, “there is a chance but the cost is great.”
Kylee’s fear turned suddenly to a grim resolve, “speak dear friend, I will pay what price I must, if I can avail my folk.”
The fairy swallowed a sob, but continued, “my sister has captured a number of knights, unwilling to do her will, in the process of acquiring those of a more vile or fickle nature that she has enslaved, these objectors may perhaps oppose her fell minions if they can be wakened from the sleep that lies heavy upon them.  But to break the enchantment, one must be found who is willing to endure endless sleep that these others might waken.”
Kylee nodded sadly, “I will try, what must I do?”  The fairy flung herself into her friend’s arms and wept as if her heart would break, but after she had cried herself into relative acceptance, she told the girl all that must be done.”

“Truly pathetic!” said the man, unable to resist, even with the threat of a rather soggy future hanging over his head.
“I know,” sighed the fairy, who did not seem at that moment intent on carrying out her promise, “but what do you expect from two such sappy heroines?  But even so,” she smirked at him in anticipation, before continuing, “no matter how saccharine or cavity inducing they might be, they are worlds better than your one dimensional characters!”
Said the now miffed man, not thrown off in the least by this venture into the realm of mathematics so soon after their grammatical discursion, “you say my characters have no more personality or interest than a dot, a single point in the space-time continuum?”
“Precisely,” said she in quiet triumph, “now on with my tale:

It was rather a dreadful trick, though quite ingenious, or so thought the Fairy of Blackfen, and at last she would have her revenge, one way or another, on those who had insulted her so long ago.  If the girl were as insipid as her parents, she would be destroyed along with all her folk, but if she somehow managed to remain untainted by their futility and vanity, she would soon find herself napping until Time itself failed utterly.  She drew back into the shadows and watched in eager anticipation what was to come.  The most delicious part of the whole scheme was that her pansy of a sister thought she could use the girl to subvert her plans, when either outcome was just as satisfactory to the Fairy of Blackfen, though on second thought, the idea of the girl thinking to sacrifice herself on behalf of those who could not even comprehend such a scheme and wouldn’t care about it if they could, was rather delightful.”

“You can’t gloat in the third person,” sulked the man.
“I can do whatever I want,” said she, “I am the omniscient narrator!  That includes turning you into a frog, by the way!”
He shuddered involuntarily, “I thought you were a Reformed Evil Fairy.”
“Only a Mostly Reformed Evil Fairy,” said she, savoring his discomfiture, “it is a process after all:

On the far side of the woods lay a wild land of moor and fen, amidst those forgotten hills was a cavern in which the knights slept as men in their tombs.  Kylee set out immediately for that lonely heathland as the fairy vanished to distract her sister, that she might not know of this threat to her plan until it was too late, little knowing her sister’s true intentions.  The journey was uneventfully made and as night was falling, Kylee found herself upon a stony hillside beneath a sky of lowering grey clouds.  An archway of stone stood black and ominous before her, like the mouth of death.  She took a deep breath and marched into the doorway.  There was a slight glow in the otherwise gloomy cavern, for some sort of luminous fungus thrived therein.  Upon each side lay a row of stone biers and upon each lay an unmoving knight, sword upon his breast, as one interred.  She hastened to the far end of the seeming tomb where lay an empty stone bier, around which had coiled a thorny vine that bore spines, long and sharp as needles, and black roses, which stank of death and decay.  As she crawled atop the bier, she pricked her finger upon one of the thorns, a single drop of blood fell atop the stony bed as the girl immediately fell into darkness.  
A light glimmered in the doorway as the fairy entered to see what had come of her friend.  The girl lay unmoving, pale as marble and cold as stone, upon her bier while all about the cavern, the sound of waking men and clinking armor filled the air.  The fairy’s light and courage blazed forth as she called the groggy knights to arms and told them of all that had come to pass and what was yet to come.  As one, they gazed upon the sleeping form of the maiden with pity and wonder, vowing to waken her in turn once the grim fairy’s minions were routed.  They emerged from the cave and found their horses inexplicably waiting and eager upon the hillside.  Once they were mounted, the fairy’s light engulfed them all, and they vanished, leaving the hillside to its lonely vigil, save that the great thorny rose encircling the girl’s bier grew to such vastness that it quickly covered the entire hill and filled the cavern in which she lay.  Any who dared approach the sleeping figure would soon find themselves likewise enchanted by the merest scratch from those countless, terrible thorns.
The vile fairy unleashed her minions at full dark and intended none of her neighbors to see the morning, but her sister knew of her plans and sent her own knights to counter the plot.  The fighting was fierce but the wakened knights were victorious and the grim fairy overthrown.  The triumphant knights and their pixie captain surrounded the fell creature, who wore a look of haughty triumph even in defeat, scoffed she, “well met sister!  A victory indeed, I did not think you had it in you, but what has it cost your dear little friend?  She will never waken as long as the hills endure!  You have salvaged the lives of those hereabouts but at what cost?”  Her scornful laughter seemed to mock the rising dawn itself before she vanished into the whelming mist.  
“What will come of her?” asked one of the Knights of the remaining fairy.
She shook her head and said, “she will likely get up to more mischief one day, but for now these folk might dwell in relative peace and safety.”
Asked another Knight, “what of the sleeping maid?  Did the fell lady speak truly of her fate?”
The fairy said sadly, “she paid the price willingly and without hesitation.  But great is the price to free her from the enchantment; I do not know if any would be willing to endure the cost, so she will likely sleep on until the world itself has passed into legend.”
“What then is the price?” asked the first Knight.
Said she, “one must journey to the far, distant hills that rim the very edge of the world.  There grows a flower that is said to cure even death itself, but the price to pick them is great.  The hand that plucks them must then cross the hills and leave the world forever behind.  What lies beyond, none knows, but that is the price.”
There was much murmuring amongst the Knights, for they had not reckoned on such a cost.  They had thought to fight monsters or fell men, to make a great journey and bold vows, but in the end to return triumphant.  But this?  To make the effort and never see the result; to strive and never return more?  The cost was too great, the price too dear.  One by one, they turned away with many fine words and much regret; the fairy wretchedly watched them go, but knew it better that they never attempt the journey than to have their hearts and courage fail at the last.  All the men of renown and valor abandoned her that day, but the least of them all, a mere page, remained behind.  She eyed the boy with grim hope, “and would you risk this thing when all your elders will not?”
The boy shrugged, “if none else will, that leaves only me.  I will go.”  He frowned, “how then are these flowers to reach the imperiled lady if I am not to return?”
Laughed she for very joy, “I will accompany you and bear them back to she that sleeps.”
The boy nodded grimly, “then we had best be on our way.”  She laughed in relief and joy as the boy mounted his horse and they set forth into the dawning.  As they traveled, asked he, “could you not pluck these flowers to save your friend?”
She looked sadly upon the boy and shook her head gravely, “nay, for my kind is not allowed beyond the confines of this world, only mortal man has that doom and that joy.”  The boy nodded, but seemed perplexed by her words, but there was naught she could say to enlighten him, for it was just the way matters stood and was perhaps beyond mortal comprehension.
She could not harvest the flowers herself, but she could certainly help the boy in other ways and much did she ease the tedium and difficulty of travel with her magical talents and pleasant company, until at last, after a rather uneventful and relatively agreeable journey, they arrived upon the hills that bordered the verge of the world.  It was an enchanting land of rolling hills, wide meadows, laughing brooks, and bright woodlands, but to the East there was no horizon of boundless blue sky, but rather a perpetual mist that seemed ever radiant with the new risen sun.  Said she, “thence must you go once you have plucked the flowers.”
He studied the mist and some part deep within yearned above all else to discover its secrets.  He smiled at her tremulously, “and where grow these wondrous plants?”  
She smiled and pointed to the mist, “in the very vapor of the mist do they abide.”  They walked slowly towards the verge and a wondrous scent filled the air.
He sighed with great eagerness, “they smell sweeter than life itself!”
“Aye,” said she, “and so will they drive away even the shadows of death.  But come, the time is at hand.  Does your courage fail you, even now?”
Laughed he for very joy, “nay lady, I long to plunge in and see what waits Beyond, if this is the mere border, what must lie at the heart?”

