OPEN  TIME PASSAGEWAY
Ereo Gravempath


.
.….
.
.







Copyright © 2019 Ereo Gravempath
All rights reserved




First printed edition in English

Primera edición impresa en español
ISBN: 9781090210371



License to use this edition
Thank you for purchasing this book. The total or partial reproduction of this work in any form or on any media, requires the author's permission. This book is also available in DRM-free electronic edition (no copy protection or encryption) and an electronic copy is available for free with the purchase of the printed version. By downloading your free e-book copy, you help the author. Please, if you would like to share it, kindly acquire a hard or electronic copy for each reader. Thank you for respecting the author's time.

Estramonium Ed., in the desire to improve its publications, welcomes any suggestions that readers might like to make. Please, find the editorial department contact details at the end of this book.

.

****)(****



EREO GRAVEMPATH
OPEN TIME PASSAGEWAY

Predominantly Dark Colours Stories



The path to the cemetery is open, where the forgotten vagabond wanders with his cage of time, beyond the mountain under the earth... Towards the bloody clouds.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROLOGUE
COAL IS PERPETUALLY BLACK
THE JACKDAW OF THE TREE OF FEAR
STARING AT THE DUSK SKY
A VAGABOND IN THE FOG
THE MASTERPIECE
HAIR HAS NEVER BEEN SO LONG
SOLITARY AND NO ONE ELSE’S
THE CAGE OF TIME
THE AWAITING SHADOW (EX AEQUO)
HARD TIMES
THE SEED THIEF
CHAINS HANGING FROM A BEAM
PLAIN WINE
THE THEORY OF THE RAY
H. ANTECESSOR
THE MOUNTAIN UNDER THE EARTH
THE VESTIGES OF EREO; THE NONSENSE
ICE ON THE WEST WIND
FIELD OF SPIDERS
LIQUID TEMPEST
THE FORGOTTEN MAN
LORD OF DESTINY
THE NOTES

NANO STORIES

POEM-SONG



When something goes wrong, no word is good enough
to stay afloat...
To those who try to break your wings
and suggest
you won’t make it.

PhD thesis by E. Gravempath
PROLOGUE


The path to the cemetery is open, where the forgotten vagabond wanders with his cage of time, beyond the mountain under the earth... 

Towards the bloody clouds. 


This work is a compendium of stories of various kinds, written between 1998 and 2018, some of which have won awards and have already been published. An off-the-beaten- path journey, towards deep emotions that move the entrails in a disquieting way, along the path that advances inexorably through the cemetery of time. With a Gothic background style and predominantly dark colours, the tales retain a uniform theme: Time.
 

The author is currently writing the long-awaited novel Obituary of Darkness.




TALES & STORIES OF PREDOMINANTLY DARK COLOURS
___________

COAL IS PERPETUALLY BLACK
There’s no need to use complex words if pure ones are enough. Coal is perpetually black. It only shines when it reflects the light that doesn’t keep to itself.
Black is this story I am about to tell. Although I was a witness, I haven’t earned the right to tell it. I've seen the eyes glazed in black of the person coming out of the mine.
I'm writing it down. I come from a different land, so the closest I have ever been to that kind of black is at the MUMI 1.
----------
1 Museo de la Minería y la Industria de Asturias ( Asturias Mining Museum)
-----------
I have seen them come out of the mouth of the mine; men of a land of their own. I have looked at the old photographs of those who were there before, in another time, with the same beginning.
Down there, coal must be black. That’s how I have always seen it; back in my village, in the brazier, and in the kitchen at my parent’s house. I have touched it. It shines and stains. Black out of the mine. Inside must also be black and it must stain as well. Even if it were red, it would still be black, because it’s so dark down there and the seams are so deep. And it has to be dug up, which must be hard. It has to be dug up not only down there but also out here, where things are priced, often without regard to their value. Quite often the Asturianu2 sticks to me after my strolls by the Nalón basin, between Sotrondio and La Rebollá.
-------------
2 Regional Accent.
-------------
At this last village, I met a humble man who worked hard to earn his bread. He gave it to his grandson, who carelessly left it at the window while playing. And the raven is always hungry. It took a few attempts but the raven got a chunk. The wolf ate the raven while the last one was absorbed in biting at the bun. The humble man wasn’t able to catch the wolf because he wasn’t a hunter, and, anyway, he didn’t like the taste of that meat. The miner agonized, tired and sick of grief more than of hunger, in a graveyard of dead flowers. It was then that the cider was tasteless.
The wolf died of old age among raven's feathers and black incense. It was the spiders that devoured them all alike. Black was the bread, stained by the one who besides being a miner, was a baker, a cattleman and a farmer; black the raven who only has his feathers; black the wolf like its jaws and blacker still the spiders that have eight legs and black poison that doesn’t absolve or distinguish in their biting. There have always been damned shifts for good people. Black is the smoke from the trenches, burnt in defence of what is righteous while the march does not cease. Black is the ground I walk on and black will be the light that illuminates the look of the sinner when the virtuous surrenders.
My friend, don’t let yourself go, whether you are a miner, an engineer or a poet; the rain is black only for those who don’t wash themselves with it.
___________________
VII Minery Micro Story Competition Manuel Nevado Madrid (2011), Special mention.
THE JACKDAW OF THE TREE OF FEAR
The jackdaw perches on a branch of the tree of fear in front of the window, on the other side of the fog. It came to fill its gullet with frosty tears until the twilight of yet one more day. 
She, with her downcast gaze and full of sorrow, rushed to the other window, where sometimes the silence brought back the light. She saw her reflection as a child on the window pane and watched it until dawn. Still, the fog didn’t let the heat of the sun pass through. All of a sudden, she went outside and standing next to the tree screamed as loud as she could, but this didn’t scare the jackdaw off. Then, the old woman that she was now, with a strong blow stunned the jackdaw.
Instantly, it fell on the frosty grass while its feathers turned white absorbing the fog and the cold.
___________________
Micro Story Competition against Gender Violence. Department of Social Services, Women and Equality of San Javier Town Council (2015). Shortlisted.
STARING AT THE DUSK SKY
I stare at the dusk sky, where the bloody clouds blink as the leaves of this late autumn fall in the vineyard, breaking the rays of sun. The smell of wet soil and ripe fruit feeds the silence, until the crack of dawn illuminates again the vineyard lines that seem to lead down to the sea, where calm devours tranquillity. And I stare again at the dusk sky…
___________________
Autumn Sun Micro Story Competition I (2016). Shortlisted.
A VAGABOND IN THE FOG
I felt like a frustrated vagabond wandering in the fog, dodging the brambles at dusk, as the silence thundered through my memories… Until I heard you arriving, lying in mud and ice puddles. The crispness of the wet leaves made me feel that I could once again forgive myself. I looked up into the sky, carved a water shaped circle on the screen and since then I watch it every day. I've known ever since that we still had a reason to love each other. Yes.
___________________
Micro Story Competition Mundo Escritura, La Lupa; 80 words; theme: give me a reason to love you. Finalist.
THE MASTERPIECE
Once upon a time there was a man who no one knew if he was an educated man. He spent entire nights thinking. Mulling over how he was going to do it. Crawling around all day in the embrace of a dream. His counterparts watched him patiently until the laziness of time devoured them all. Years passed by and everyone wondered why he hadn’t finished it yet. Every day, they wondered why. Until the man died without even being sure if he had started it at all. He left a letter behind, a letter that he would rewrite every night once and over again in case it was his last one. He would correct it sitting down at his desk, in the dim candle light that had left him almost blind. Pages full of crossed out words and studs. There it was, his masterpiece, the one he had left behind, as if in inheritance; the one he didn’t dare finish for fear that it would be forgotten. What if because he didn’t dedicate a little more time the result was not magnificent...? Just like mould makes even the hardest fruit rotten little by little, like the hen digs impatiently searching for one more seed to fill up its gullet; a gullet that full of grains bursts, while the worms poke holes in them and then the earth swallows them up. 
There, on that letter written on his very last night, you could read the following:
 'Here is my magnum opus, which even unfinished, didn’t let us appreciate the great works of others. And I die, not knowing if the world will have been completely devastated so there won’t be anything left standing to open up your senses, but aware that I could have done many other small works. My reason pairs with my conscience, I did as well as I could, in the hope that this memory will guide tomorrow'. 
And in the grotto he began to hear a fascinating music coming from the walls themselves, which only sounded as he advanced, like a harmonious reverberation of his own footsteps. And on the other side was the end of the tunnel. The end of his great work.
HAIR HAS NEVER BEEN SO LONG
My hair has never been so long. I'm the wanderer that goes against the tide, solitary in the rime-frost, dodging trees with an excitement similar to a child’s when he runs free towards life, trying to avoid that the branches do not allow me to see the forest. Silence doesn’t halt time as I constantly try to get out of the ditch without digging any more. Yet one more lap around the star of light. Yet one more language. My house is a laboratory away from home; a handful of papers; an estate on a different land; a challenge to knowledge. And, after all, it’s just three letters: PhD.' 
SOLITARY AND NO ONE ELSE’S
Suddenly he got up. He walked towards the window with his arms hanging out and failed to notice his reflection on the fogged glass. He focused his look through the mist and the cold, beyond the willows and the ducks that crossed the thickness of winter… 
And he just stood motionless there, waiting for them to shroud his body, solitary and no one else’s. He remembered himself as a young wanderer, free, with no fear of being alive, attached to time. That’s when he realised he wasn’t quite dead yet. 
THE CAGE OF TIME
It’s been a while since I tripped over your hair tangled up in my cage of time. Where I keep the memories that sleep in your cemetery.
So that they cannot escape from these hands every night. Every fear. I have caressed it so much…
So smooth, so fine and so clean that all the beasts desire to smell it. Sometimes it shines iridescent, as white as the feathers of a crow that flies high above, always famished. He comes to eat the strands of your hair, waiting for me to fall asleep. But he never settles. Not even when the snow falls slowly, the snow that I drink from. Because he knows I don’t sit here and sleep, inside this prison without harvest or wine. I never stop looking at the sky until I see the bloody clouds.
From my navel comes out the white spider that sometimes stays there expectantly, waiting to suck the insects that might fall after I've unintentionally trapped them by closing my eyes while they drink from them. She spins the strands that I gather every night from every shadow, to enlarge the arched bars that I'm interweaving. To make this imprisonment of time stronger.
And in the centre of this sphere made of spider webs, I hold the rags where I keep your fine hair tangled in small pieces, while time awaits to corrode everything, even your dreams. That’s how one has become so old. It’s true that I'm not famished and I still have my skin left, and flowers still grow in here, enough to attract the most beautiful flies and moths to satiate the spider so it keeps spinning until the cage is so big that only your hair can fit in it.
THE AWAITING SHADOW (EX AEQUO)
I have seen the shadow again. It appears at night. It moves slowly but surely. Projected by faint beams of light reflected from a moon that I can’t see from here, nor can I tell whether it’s waning or waxing; I lost track of its cycle a while ago. 
The bells whisper deathly roars on the cobblestone street. It must be wet and slippery out there because of the thick fog. The cold air caresses and licks the other side of the window, it gets through and takes shelter here, by my side. The dim light from outside shapes the structure of this garret entirely covered in solid wood, squeaky and of an earthy colour. The corner table looks feeble in front of the three-legged chair, on which an old broom leans, its red colour faded by time.
The spider crawls along the glass of the rose window on the north side of the sloping ceiling. It moves its shadow in front of the bed. The shadow. The same one that forges the fear of memory, relegated and dried up by time. It’s October and my hair is long, what is left of it. My eyes rinsed in sadness must glow in this dim light; they are wide open, brown and, if I remember correctly, with a greyish halo around the iris. There is no smell nor heat. The spider stands still without hanging from its silk thread harder than iron, lighter than bone.
I look up and a bit to the side; the wood is still there, motionless, supporting the weight of the roof and the freezing fog. There are four beams, each of them supported by a pillar, and a hundred and twenty-eight boards. On some of the boards, you can tell where the trunk and the branch of the tree used to join before the tree was turned into boards. A tree from a forest that otherwise wouldn’t have been planted, not even to grow beautiful flowers. 
I have already gazed at the whole room, except for the floor. My head thrives, searching for the only solution that for a moment turn the gaze into sight, oblique in the presence of the present and leaning out of the balcony of abstraction. My thoughts, perhaps stupid and useless, suddenly come up.
From the long time I got here, I started to realise that I always needed to go further, not out of pride, or out of eagerness, nor any longer out of a need to achieve; but as a back-up. No matter how big or small the place that I found myself in was, I always felt the urge to know what was out there. I wanted to be out there. But every time I reached, it was never enough. 
However, it becomes pleasant to spend time, without having ever wasted it in such an insignificant observation for the optimist. Otherwise it might have been an empty attempt at reality that would once again have fallen in grief. I doubt I could have recognised the right answer, bearing in mind that I am here motionless and thus, twisting the imagination is the sowing to have a bountiful harvest that sustain the spirit. And also the breath. 
I take the opportunity given to me when, on looking again, the spider has moved just to a position where I can count its eight bowed legs on a Southern Cross.
My back hurts, I've been still for too long. My posture is untamed and that’s the way it has to be. I'm lying down motionless, my body is straight and stretched out, a little crooked, my back facing the floor, where the dust feeds from dead skin. My heel and ankle are supported on the other foot’s instep, my arms flexed, hands either on my chest or on my stomach, alternating positions as if in an off beat dance. Every now and then I raise a forearm to greet the spider in a praying mantis pose or mimicking a scorpion's tail. Or maybe just drawing circles and spirals in the air, making just enough draft to show the Universe a flash of my nerves. A warning that one is alive. 
Looking right at the end of my bed, I make out the mound formed by my feet, at the end of the longitudinal axis of the clean, archaic quilt under which they lie detached from the earth. From time to time I grab the edge of the blanket with my fingers, in a slippery back and forth motion in living memory of what my grandmother used to do in her old age. Gone are the moments when it was easy to bend down and touch the earth with your hands, keeping the knees straight. Way too many hours sitting down in the middle of books and stuff, and walking around barefoot between the weeds, together with sleepless nights spent worrying about what tomorrow may bring. 
For some years, a feeling of being a guide to time, inhabited my subconscious. I felt I was a visionary from the moment my impromptu travels turned into something similar to a collection of exotic perfumes, which is never completed nor intended to be. That includes the attachment travels, of friendships earned, lost and forgotten, the failure travels, the craving travels and the pain travels. That pain, that sometimes is lament or sadness, some other times is just laziness and some other it hurts so much that the only thing that matters is when it will be gone. Time travel. Like that of the ordinary mortals. They still resonate in between my ears, the great chords in reminiscence of echoes that were once wishes.
At least my sight and hearing still remain in one piece. The furious beast of my youth pushed into the abyss all kinds of fears. Some bad things I remember better than the good ones. Many good things I quickly forgot, especially those that I didn’t give any attention because I wished they were even better. 
I remember myself as a young adult reaching for a burning-hot nail, slowly and carefully, never getting too close to it. In contrast, the first time I saw the fire, as a little boy; I stared at it closely and carelessly tried to reach it with my tiny hands. I was driven by the curiosity instigated by the mysterious dance of its blazing and gleaming colours.
A drop of water falls on my forehead and breaks into pieces. I don’t care if it’s a leak or condensation, I appreciate the fresh caress that gets warmer as it slips on my forehead, as an allegorical unexpected visit from the outside world. Like a rejoining to a wild nature. Only a miserable would swipe it off and waste the tickles fallen from the heights. 
Soon the liquid will have evaporated. It’s a change of state towards freer figures. What a crazy way of entertaining myself. I wonder if I am a madman and with an almost imperceptible smile I give it the benefit of the doubt. Let’s just say that the crazy and the madman don’t know they've lost it.
The shadow has become blurred and suddenly it’s gone.
Just as loneliness gets at you late in life, fear took a while to get at me. But it came, escorted by memories, so I can’t run away from between these sheets. It’s not a coward's fear. It’s been a long time since the greatest difficulties are not a concern. Once you have surrendered and with clenched teeth drink the nectar of the snake’s scales, then the newborn snakes will be smaller and end up eating out of your hands. It is not that kind of fear you can touch, like a sick person picks at the wound; like a dirty person washes his face with soap made of dead flowers; like a wanderer treads on the weeds of what will be its cemetery. It is the funeral of the waiting. It is the fear of the doubt that rides head-on through the snowstorm, carrying the weight of life, with all its knots. It is the question. It is not the answer. It is the purge. It is the condemnation. It is the awaiting to hear the murmur of the shadow behind you, that will give you the blessing because you have made it. Having given up the greatest sins. Having fulfilled the rumour that has it that you have achieved it, that you have done well, or at least that you have been neither defeated nor enslaved.
Suddenly, in one of the corners of the grimy headboard of the bed, I notice something moving. She’s back. The spider is weaving its ordered web and it keeps swinging. Fast, cunning, precise, perfect. Enthralling. Devilishly joining the lines in an octagonal spiral until the deception is finished. From now on, she will remain in the centre with her poison.
Like during my entire life, where what I expected never happened and whatever happened never happened when I was expecting it, my eyes begin to meekly close when it is getting brighter, so slowly that I cannot even perceive the curtain coming down. That’s probably how sleep tames my conscience, perhaps in a vision of myself sitting under the shade of the walnut tree; without thinking, talking nor resting. On my own, alone, sitting, knee to chest, arm outstretched casting its own shadow as it points to the horizon, which has no shadow, no hindrance and is infinite, like an infinite number whose symbol is the number of the spider's leg lying down. Who knows if I'm forever awake or forever dreaming. 
The reinvigorating chimera is brief. The burning star does not wait. Nor must it wait just as a favour to the living. From so far away it passes through the opening that has no blinds and awakens mercilessly my cognition, bringing me back from the world of dreams to the prairie of the dying. The first thing I notice when I open my eyes is the empty web. The spider must be hiding, possibly sheltered near her trap, waiting. This is how the shadow of my only friend at night hides without knowing, yet one more day, the chances of survival of her elaborate structure. 
I can hear the sound of tinkling keys and how someone unlocks the front door. The sound travels up the stairs and along the corridor that leads to this place. The way is open. 
The squeaking of the wood increases intensity until a crisp voice utters two words, stressing the last one:
 'Good morning.' 
The door opens and the same voice asks a rhetorical question: 
'Are we awake yet?' 
The young newcomer goes straight to open the window and let the air in, which though fresh, is not always clean. 
'Damn spiders. Every day the same!' mumbles the boy, clenching his teeth in an averse way while with the tip of a broom effortlessly sweeps away all the engineering work, time and materials that had been used to build that intricate sculpture. Without a hunting weapon there is no food and that’s how, along with the worries, one gets thinner. 
'I'll get some water,' the visitor says leaving the room and after a few moments he is back with a glass of water in his hand. 
'Did you sleep well?' 
There is no answer. The medicine passes from the strange hands to my mouth and from there to my not hungry stomach.
'Let me change the bag for you. It'll just take a second.' 
After a minute’s silence, the monologue ends like a precept learned by routine:
'That’s it.'
The fly may never reach the web where the spider's shadow lives. However, she’s still waiting, over and over again, without giving up her prey. Like the person who waits for his goodnight kiss. Like the rat, cockroach or snake flee, down the long passage or the deep well, from the footsteps of a clown who has been locked up in a small dark room, on a high up balcony without a railing, facing an ancestral fear. 
Innocence, fed by the naivety of a child, metamorphosed into arrogance as enthusiasm piled up together with knowledge, problems and experience. Until the pile was so badly crushed by the pressure of time, by the deceptions, by the lies, by the unread books, by the fragmented promises, by the abandoned love, by the skulls, by the bad coincidences, by sickness, by wrinkled skin, by hail falling on the stars…, that as one grew older the anger faded away; and now when much of that becomes triviality, one is left alone, the way one always lives, waiting and all the rest agonising but not quite dead. If something or someone had predicted on my every step what would happen I probably wouldn’t have believed it. Now that is past, I wish to keep it, be it good, bad or worse, just because memories are proof that one has had a life. Thousands of days spent seeking absolute happiness, avoiding the suffering, and now, no matter whether it has been achieved or not, there’s only time left to wish for calmness. It’s hard to believe that this very moment is the summary of all that has happened: the farthest point from everything that’s been left behind, from the first glass of water; while the shadow and the waiting remain captive without the surface of a sea where they can contemplate at themselves. Those moments are so far away that seem like another lifetime.
It’s imminent, doubt is. It starts from the neck, due to the agitated beating of the heart, which although hollow, it’s amazing it never stops beating. Beating even before the subconscious does; day and night, either quickly or slowly, and sometimes, they say, a little bit beyond the end. But of all the ways learned, there is one stronger than time; time has not been able to wear it out of the memory, nor of the judgement, penance, or truth. This and that inner truth that has always and forever been genuine to everybody and every spirit and untransferable.
According to the dictates of conscience, on at least a few risky occasions, the mind was at peace. Even if the equation was not solved yet nor all the opportunities wasted. It’s about believing that if the risk is high one can go a step beyond the last chance. Until you get close to the beach of compassionate hope.
In the end, confused or not, detached from the self, having served the punishment or not yet, what I care about is not to have been betrayed by myself. Perhaps, for many it is also important to have been a good person, at least to himself or their loved ones. 
Since my best teacher was failure and not repentance, and having managed to avoid boredom, there were always a handful of good times, even on short, rainy walks.
As it is known, from the desert to the glacier, there will always be a spider that won’t stop weaving. And so, it will happen again tonight that a spider will weave its web in front of the same, a different one or no spectator at all. 
I contemplate for a moment the thread bracelet on my outstretched arm, which I wove when I was a kid with the care of a craftsman and I've been wearing it ever since. It’s then that I turn my head to the wall and I see it. A frameless drawing, I made at the age of fourteen, in what now seem letters of incandescent blood in the light of a fire. In its very centre can be read: 
'The meaning of life is to live'. From the moment I drew it I've noticed every moment I've lived, with the everlasting idea that it won’t be back; with the idea of keeping it each time as if it was the last; with the idea of re encountering it.
And soon after, as he closed his eyelids, he saw with joy in his eyes, a huge crowd as far as the eye could see, that watched him in his youth.
HARD TIMES
It’s a starry night south of El Páramo, at the end of the summer, where two men reap the wheat by hand with a sickle, rhythmically cutting the grain that will eventually be turned into bread. 
At dawn, the iron wheeled cart is already well overloaded and the mule pulls it steadily, showing neither hunger nor fear, along a path that leads to the main road, where there are as many bumps as rolling stones on the brown and dusty soil. On both sides of the road, the dew covers the scarce weeds with its freezing blanket in this treeless land. 
'They are such worms! They won’t give us even one day of grace, they've already marked the state of Regueruelos,' says the man who is concealed within the cereal, and then pointing to a handkerchief tied to a stick by the edge of the road, shouts at the young man who leads the cart, 'Antonio! Get down and take it off!'
Soon they can see in the distance the big two-storey houses made of brown soil, with their reddish roof tiles and one meter deep walls. Their large facades hide large barnyards. Most of the walls are patched with clay and straw, all of them surrounded by ample streets, along one of which our reapers are entering the village. The entire village is built with brown and stony soil, the only thing you can say is abundant here. The roof tops, colonized by purple grape-like weed add a charm to the scenery, which may look pretty but there is never enough time to pay any attention to it. 
With the echo of the wide streets and empty squares, the rumour of what until now had been a quiet screeching of the carriage, increases slightly its intensity. You can hear it along with the snorts of the animal and the sighs of the tired and sleepy men, hopelessly awake. You can hear no words, no whispers. 
Just after passing by the seven-spout fountain where the water sprouts from deep down, the cart stops in front of one of the houses right in the middle of the street that leads to the pond. As soon as they approach it, the large front gate, the one that gives access to the stables, opens up. They are expected. 
The two heavy wooden gates fitted into stone hinges, are swung open by a young woman who lets them into the stables. 
The cart slowly goes through the stables and into the cobbled courtyard. Once there, the job gets done orderly and unhurriedly, but without any interruption. While some unload the now diminished spikes and pile them up on the ground, others release the meek beast from the cart, only to fasten it to the threshing board, that heavy wooden structure made of interlocking planks, curved upward on its front end, smooth on the top and with white quartz stones fitted on its bottom.
The quadruped nimbly pulls the threshing board back and forth, all over the crop, slowly shredding the straw. Meanwhile, the man and the kid, with their two-tine wooden pitchforks in hand, lift up the straw and throw it in the air to separate it from the grain. It is by now a peaceful sunny morning. If it were different times, one would be sitting out in the sun having a nice bowl of garlic soup, either in the courtyard or at the front door bench chatting to whoever happens to pass by. 
The repetitive work takes longer than usual in this still morning, where the only movement of air is the one produced by the raising and falling of the harvest. The straw is slowly piling up on the side, while the grain that falls back on the ground is hastily picked up by the two young girls of the house, who sweep up to the last single grain once the job is done. 
Having finished with the threshing, the tallest of the men leads the mule into the stables, where not so long ago there was one other mule, a few goats, some sheep, a couple of good-sized dairy cows, three or four pigs, half a dozen rabbits and more than a dozen chickens and hens. The only animals left now are just the one mule and one goat. The mule stops at the manger filled with the straw that now belongs to them both, whereas the man makes his way to the stairs and up to the top floor, which is divided in two by a single wall, separating the haystack from the double. The wooden stairs creak at his footsteps, also the wooden floor of the attic room, which with its sound perfumes the atmosphere with a dusty old aroma. On the ceiling, the huge gabled beams and their perpendicular struts made of elm trees, hold the roof. As a whole, they support the weight of the clay roof tiles laid out in almost perfect straight lines. 
Leaning in front of the only window of the top floor, which looks out into the main street, there’s a man with a hundred days' beard watching through a crack in the window panelling. From that spot you can see the big wall of the chapel, the outskirts of the village and all the way to the horizon. Next to him, a leaking languidly releases the drops of dew that now surrender to the heat of the fire star and fall into a can of what once was some precious marinated fish. 
'So, have you seen anything going on?' the man who has just climbed into the dark and quiet place asks in a low deep voice.
'Nothing. During the whole night I saw just a few lights over there, by The Wall, but they didn’t get any closer. It would be the Del Pozo family.'
'That’s a good thing. Let’s hope it stays that way…' 
The tall man stands still for a moment before turning around to go back to the inner courtyard, that place he dreams of every night, not as an idealization of something desired, but rather as a memory of repeating the same action once and over again; whose image is stored in the subconscious and repeats itself in the analepsis of an immovable nightmare. Harvesting in the dimness of the night, in the surreptitious, before dawn; the cobblestones; the mud-brick walls, over which anyone could break in at any moment. The uncertainty and the weight of what is going to happen. The children in the courtyard. The women in the courtyard. One can’t just move away from these images of actions executed in cyclical redundancy. And it cannot be done in any other place. There is nowhere to go. 
'What about you guys? Did you get anything?', the man posted at the window asks without any emphasis, as if to keep a little more conversation with the newcomer who is already leaving.  ''It went all right,' he replies scratching his head. He stops and pauses again. In the meantime, the faint beams of light highlight his lanky figure and white shirt stained by time with all the colours, 'we have already finished the estate of the Dogkiller and the women are now filling the sack; the wheat is not full enough though. It’s a bit shrivelled up,' he adds blankly, in a sketch without disappointment before resuming the walk down the stairs.
'Ask Antonio to take over from me and I'll help you put it away. It’s a quiet morning,' concludes the watchman at the window; the tall man nods, pats him on the shoulder and goes back down the stairs to the yard. 
The others have put all the stuff away and it’s just the girls left, bending their backs to sweep the ground with their straw brooms. They pick up the last few grains in their aprons, trying to fill up the sack, which doesn’t even get half full. 
'Girls, sweep up properly so there is not even one grain left,' orders the mother, even though she knows that the young women are already doing it with care, aware that every grain counts. 
Meanwhile, the slim man who just came down from the attic passes through towards Antonio, who is releasing the hens. The man stands watching Antonio as he opens the south fence to let the hens out into the courtyard; the famished birds scratch the ground all over searching for any grain that might have been left behind by the brooms or whatever else they might find. 
'They always leave it clean as a whistle, they don’t let grow even a single weed,' says Antonio enthusiastically, quite pleased with himself because of his witty comment. 
'May we never lack them, they give nice omelettes, they do,' replies his father with a sincere smile as he rubs the boy's head, 'Come on, you go upstairs while your uncle and I put the sack away.'
'All right'
Swiftly, without saying anything else, Antonio climbs the stairs to the garret and takes over the surveillance. A look of mutual trust is enough to understand his uncle. A dialogue that became less and less in words as the number of vigils grew. As if the conclusion was: 'You go, I'll take over from you' followed by the, 'I'll come back in a while, shout if you see anything.' Thus, the bearded man leaves his post straight away and goes down to the yard where his brother is waiting for him with the half full sack of wheat already on his back. 
'Wait, I'll give you a hand,' the bearded man offers with his usual helpful disposition. 
'It’s all right. Just bring the tools…,' he pauses thoughtfully as if trying to remember what else is missing, '...and some nails,' he adds.
The man with a beard goes to fetch the tools while his brother takes the sack into the house and across a wide corridor, all the way to a whitewashed kitchen where he puts down the sack on the earthly floor in front of an oven which is still warm, among the ashes there are still a few isolated embers. Right next to the oven there is a cauldron full of corncobs and some timber, with which you could stoke up the latent fire in no time. 
Soon after, the bearded man appears with a hammer and a chisel; he bends into the oven and starts banging it until shortly after he extracts from the roof of the cavity a few long nails and a thick iron sheet of an almost perfect square shape of about 15 inches on a side.
'It’s still hot,' he warns as he sets the plate and the nails down on the part of the oven that is free of embers. Then, he sticks his arm inside the hole and takes out a big empty tin which he passes to his brother who is ready with the wheat sack open. The last one returns the tin, now full of wheat, so it can be emptied into the hollow excavated inside the oven. This process is repeated a couple of dozens of times until the sack is empty.
'I like this plan better. Do you remember what happened to Uncle Francisco, who kept it inside the wall at the stables? Even if you cover it up well, it always leaves a mark.' 
'Have a look and see if the other vessels are still fine,' asks the slim man while the other awkwardly manages to get his whole body through the hollow and inside the narrow cavity, where he barely fits sideways.
'All good, it’s well preserved here,' he says from the inside, his voice resounding in a distant echo. 
After a few instants he comes out of the earthen wall, first sticking his legs out, the rest of his body follows. 
'With what’s in there we can get milk and fine potatoes for a while.' 
'Let’s see how it goes… We don’t know how long we can stay here for…,' remarks the tallest of the brothers with a certain air of resignation.
'Whatever it takes, they won’t take us or do to us what they did to the one in Regueruelos. The skin comes first, brother,' reproaches with a serious and convincing expression the bearded man and after a couple of seconds he adds, 'If you do things properly, they'll come up right. No one knows we’re here; only my sister and the kids are supposed to be here. If we stay alert and keep watching, and as long as food doesn’t lack, I'm sure we can hold on.'
At that point, the woman comes into the kitchen.
'So, are you done with that?' she asks with a warm smile.
'Yes, we were about to cover it up,' they both answer almost at once, although the voice of the tall man can hardly be heard, a voice that has become deeper over the years in his perennial seriousness. 
'I'll start preparing the soup then,' announces the wife, brightening up the room with her warm voice and constant smile. 
While the woman slices some stale bread and crushes some garlic in a mortar which has a perpetual smell of paprika, the two men cover back the hole inside the oven. They put back the iron plate and rub some ashes on its surface so it looks as if it has been there all along. Even if it’s not visible from the kitchen because it’s at the roof of the oven, they disguise it carefully. Then, they spread the embers that were still burning, and throw some mouldy corn cobs to stoke up the fire on top of which they put a tripod and a big pot. The woman adds some water from a cauldron and a handful of coarse salt. 
As the woman finishes making the garlic and paprika soup, the two girls enter the kitchen and set up the table. They put a big bowl and some wooden spoons in the middle of a large table placed in front of the oven and next to the wall, by which there is a wooden bench painted in a light blue colour that makes it look newer than it really is. 
'Oh! Stop it, it’s cold!' one of the girls moans as her big sister touches her arm with the pot.
'Sure, very cold, just like when we went to harvest beetroot at La Postrera,' replies the other girl, belittling her little sister with the memory of winter afternoons in the fields, with a touch of irony to make fun of her or perhaps of her naivety. 
'And worse than that... the rain… the snow…' adds the mother, instead of telling off her eldest daughter, implying that cold wasn’t the worst thing. 
They take a seat on the hard wooden bench which has always offered a rest while waiting, not an uncomfortable one, with its old woollen cushions handed down by who knows who. 
By now, the soup is ready and the woman brings the steaming pot wrapped in a cloth and fills up the bowl. The bearded man, who is standing, is the first to help himself, the rest follow, some of them help themselves at the same time, others wait for their turn; all of them rest the spoon on a slice of bread so it doesn’t drip, while the woman keeps adding more soup into the bowl. 
The tall man finishes first and leaves the kitchen without saying a word, while the rest of the family keep warming up their stomachs. He goes across the courtyard into the stables and quietly climbs the never as busy stairs. He approaches Antonio who is on his back watching northwards. 
'Go and have dinner. I'll stay here for a while.'
'All right, but you haven’t had any sleep, you are going to need a nap later. It’s quiet today,' says the boy calmly, aware of his worth. 

And so, the place stays quiet. 

After some time, the big wooden doors stay locked with big locks and dowels; the fire in the oven remains dormant and the food, although always the same, it’s enough and usually hot. Two single wool mattresses lie on two old iron bed frames, offering a rest that doesn’t leave them empty to the cold. Just like the other side of the fake double wall, next to the window that makes the distance seem accessible, is not empty either.
From that distance, one early morning at sunrise, several men approach by bicycle. It’s the tall man's turn at the watching post. He rushes down the stairs with big strides and says in a loud voice but without raising the tone too much:
'They're coming...! They're coming by the pond!' he repeats in exclamation whispers.
On the alert, the men head to the kitchen, towards the oven. They put the embers aside, remove the metal panel as fast as they can and quickly get inside one by one. In the dimness provided by the opening through which they have just passed, they hurriedly pass over the wheat vessels to the wooden stairs at the bottom of the hollow. 
They go up the short staircase and end up in a fake double wall, at the top floor. In the dark, lined up sideways, they can barely fit standing up in that hole. The tall man is the last one to get there and once inside, he covers the floor with a board which fits perfectly, a job worthy of a carpenter. Downstairs in the kitchen, the woman and her children hurriedly cover up the opening in the oven, they put the plank back, stain it with some ashes and stoke up the fire. After quickly washing her hands, the woman goes to the front door and then to one of the windows that overlook the main street and back again to the front door, nervously trying to see if something is happening outside. Meanwhile a couple of familiar outsiders patrol around the village. The woman waits vigilantly. Pretending to be calm she sends her kids to scare a hen out through the trap door in the stables, the only access to the haystack, to cover up any noise that might come from the top floor. 
Finally, they hear a knock on the door and a voice on the outside:
'Here’s the Guard calling. Who lives here?'
The woman opens the door, aware that it’s better not to hide, at least not when it’s evident, and responds calmly:
'The Gonzalez Chamorro. Myself and my three children.'
'Let us in, woman, we have to check the provisions,' says one of the men with a firm voice. 
Three men enter the house and snoop around the different rooms until they stop in the kitchen, guided by the woman, who at that moment breaks the silence:
'We don’t have much left, we have the mule and thank God, we also have a goat and a couple of chickens, but the potatoes are already rotten,' says the grieving woman as she points a bucket and at the same time looks out the window at the kids playing in the inner courtyard. 
'You know you have the obligation to sell the whole crop to the state and declare under oath the sowing. The grain is subject to the control of the Wheat National Service. Show us the booklets for the transport of the grain,' demands the guard while he rubs his moustache with one hand and picks up some smelly potato skins from the bucket with the other. 
'I'll get them right away, they're in the next room. We've barely begun the harvest though, and the grain is very diminished,' says the woman with a frightened voice while she goes to fetch the requested booklets. 
In the next room she unlocks an old trunk and gets a small booklet from in between some blankets. One of the guards takes a look at the booklet while the other two check what scarce food there is in the kitchen.
'It says here thirty-four heminas of sowing, that’s at least… eighty sacks of wheat. So far you have delivered sixty-two sacks. Have you got any sacks to hand in this week?'
'No more than three, they are in the next room. It’s just me and the kids, that’s all we can manage. Besides, the grain is very small this year, it’s been a dry year,' the woman excuses herself, keeping a firm tone, knowing that it won’t prevent them from searching the entire house. 
One of the guards interrupts her, 'Here, take the booklet. We have to check, let’s see those sacks.'
They search all the rooms; the woman leads the way to any place where the grain could be stored. Every once in a while, particularly on the stables, one or the other of the guards scrapes off any chips or signs of a possible hole in the wall. When they get to the mule, one of the guards strokes its back and says:
'You've got good loins here. The harvest is finishing in twenty days and you'll have to deliver the total of eighty sacks by them.' 
Then they make their way upstairs. The attic is an open and spacious L-shaped room which corresponds to the ground floor apartment, except for the space gained by the hiding place in the wall at the back and around the corner. That’s where two of the guards are standing now, one of them approaches the part of the wall behind which the chimney goes through and touches it to check if it’s warm. The footsteps are heard by those hiding behind the fake wall, who remain quiet and still. Once the guards have made sure there’s nothing in the garret they go back to the other end, to the wall by the door near the stairs and point out to the wall:
'What’s in there?'
'The haystack. That’s a blind wall, you can only access the haystack through the trap door in the stables,' replies the woman in an incredulous tone. 
They go downstairs to the stables and stand under the trap door. One of the guards places his clasped hands on his thigh to lift his partner to the trap door; the last one peeks through the opening and sees the hen that the kids had thrown in earlier scratching amongst the scarce straw at the back. He climbs inside and searches around for a few minutes until he is satisfied, believing the affirmations of the woman, whose expression conveys that there is no more wheat or people in the house.
Once the guards are gone, the woman goes upstairs to peek through the window and sees them entering another house. She loses sight of them but waits patiently until she sees them leaving the same way they came from; then she sends the kids to the kitchen to free the hiding men. 
A few weeks later, maybe in the late afternoon, it happens that the sky turns dark and a storm sets in. The girls who were playing, forget to lock the door when they are surprised by the sudden and strong summer storm, probably in their rush taking the clothes inside. The mother has just come back from doing the laundry in the pond near the back of the house. The man with the beard is at the watch post, but he can’t really see anything through the heavy down pouring. Thus, when he discerns a dark shape approaching, two seconds later they are already knocking on the door. They must have come from a different way. 

I'm not sure about the details of that account or who these people were; these are just a few stories that came to me from a direct and sometimes not so direct source. 
What I am sure about - because that’s how I remember it from the loud voice of Mr. Antonio as he pointed at the roof in my room towards where the hiding place that no longer exists used to be (at a later time when the fake wall still existed, owls lived there, you could just hear them or if you peeked inside you would see their traces on the floor, full of dry excrements and small bones) in the same house that I described, such and as it was his - is that the wheat had to be hidden and some people too, as they were wanted. One day, several men show up at that house and there is not enough time to hide; the blows, the shouts, the struggles are not enough; they are taken away, towards the North. It is better not to resist now; it is known to be hard times.
It’s also during these hard times that the following story takes place, much further North, on the other side of the high mountains; at the bar, which was also the only shop in a humble small village of dark grey stone dwellings, a time when the ones that have run off are wanted. They hide in the mountains, among the thickness of ferns, chestnut trees and oaks. Sometimes they come down to the valley to pick up provisions. And sometimes they are in the house hiding upstairs while those who are searching for them are right underneath. They play cards and dominoes, eat 'stinky cheese', smoke and drink coffee or some other stronger drinks. Sometimes, they are aware of each other; all of them, the ones upstairs and the ones downstairs, have gunpowder in their pockets but no one makes a move. They all resist. It’s a bad time to let pass by.
Based on several true stories.
THE SEED THIEF
It existed, it really existed, I was a witness. The seed thief. There was once a man who sowed but never reaped, because a thief would pick it up before. Until the man died and so did the thief, because the last one never learnt how to sow nor did he ever reap.
Sowing words
He sowed ideas
He sowed curiosity
He sowed knowledge
He sowed dreams
He sowed fears
He sowed light
He sowed magic
He sowed...
CHAINS HANGING FROM A BEAM
Chains were hanging from a ceiling beam, holding a sign and squeaking on its smooth swinging.
People approaching couldn’t take their eyes off it from afar, enraptured as the queue turned around the corner; curious and hoping to find something good at the end; as a cornered cat which is about to jump on the ribs of whoever be it, convinced that there would be something worthy, even if they didn’t know what that might be. As I was getting closer, I could read what was written at the front of the sign: 'JOB OFFER'. When you got to the counter you could see the writing on the back of the sign: 'TO THE LAST PERSON IN THE QUEUE'.
No one would get the job; the queue was always long. There was always someone joining, even coming from the front of the queue straight to the back again. 
Then someone with a marker added a word to the back of the sign, so now it would read: 'TO THE SECOND LAST PERSON IN THE QUEUE'. 
But still, no one would get the job; the line would quickly vanish as the last ones withdrew so that the person in front of them wouldn’t get the desired second last position in the queue. 
It would have been enough to agree with each other. 
When everyone had left, new people came up as they couldn’t see the back of the sign, so again there was always a bit of a queue forming. Then someone suggested that the only solution would be to help someone else to be the second last. And holding onto the last person he pushed her in front of him over to the counter. Thus, she got the job. However, she soon realised that the job was not a fair one. So with courage and determination she left.
Not long after, the sign was hanging from the beam again. As usual, at first there was no line, people formed more of a blurred group, but they soon ended up forming a queue again, which every time looked more like a line of familiar nape heads. It took a while until a person got employed again. And it wasn’t a fair job for him either. 
Someone who had been in line several times before, remembering those who had been ill-employed before, tried to help. Walking up and down the line, he explained what he had witnessed. Some people listened to him and left their space. The desperate and the fearful remained, hoping that some kind person would make them worthy of a job that would appease their unjust scenario. 
By now, many people didn’t waste their time in the queue, and those who did, wasted less of it. That didn’t mean that it was easier to get employed; at the end everyone depended on a kinder person less in need than themselves, the number of which was decreasing in proportion to the shortening of the line. 
From time to time someone got employed. Unfortunately, this was never a fair job. Thus, the line wasn’t long any more. 
Then, spontaneously, a girl aware of the unfair employment and with little to lose, decided to step aside. Those closest to her position watched her silently, while she could see in their eyes that they were asking why she was leaving. 
The girl, without further ado replied that perhaps the time of her youth could be spent in something more valuable, she'd rather go for a walk that morning. Looking at her expensive sneakers, she said that maybe she didn’t need them, nor the soda she was holding. Then she took off her sneakers and gave them, along with her soda, to a young kid who had been in the line with his mum and staring at the warm drink for a long time. 
After that, the girl gave a short shy speech:
'I used to think we are insignificant, but maybe if no one bought their stuff, we'd be more like the capital owners. Maybe if no one accepts injustices, things will become more just by force. I don’t know… I was taught that work and money were important in life and all that. But at least today, they can’t buy my time nor my self -respect.'
And she left barefoot, humming a trendy song. Many who were not so young felt something hearing these words and watching her joy while she hummed that horrible song that stirred them up inside. There they stood, stunned, thinking, searching through their memories that had worn down their gnashing teeth; while fear kept them immovable in their position. But they thought for a moment that it wouldn’t be long until something would change; new times were approaching, who knew if they'd be better. 
PLAIN WINE
It is well known that food, just like health, only becomes a concern when it’s missing; and that fat cows get diseases. If someone doesn’t know that, they should. Some people never fill up their stomach. Just like troubled times only ruin the owners, one can never be completely ruined if one has never owned much. If you've always had little... you can make it with little.
He who stands next to a good tree will always get some water; you will agree if every day there is a storm, as the leaves will sooner or later end up leaking. 
Time and youth cannot be bought, just like one shouldn’t be able to buy guilt.
They say that knowledge does not occupy any space. As I look at the wall, I realise there is not enough space to hang so many unframed titles. I often wonder what immeasurable achievements for humanity have some people achieved in order to possess so much… of everything.
Our only experience has been to sacrifice, and it is not comforting to know that we have not been allowed to provide much, and thus, so much has been wasted. It’s depressing to know that having built it with our own hands, such a youthful effort, has not been recognized, not even with a fake nod of the head, if only because our youth has already vanished. So sad to get there on the wheel of the unfortunate poor man, the 'poor little thing'. And they have taken away from us our contribution by putting their name on it. But we move forward with perseverance as a shield in the face of misfortune. Stagnation does not get along with the nonconformist.
That’s why we cannot be doing nothing. Thus, I spend my time picking grapes from abandoned vines. Always leaving a few little bunches for the wasps. I have enough time, plenty of it, that allows me to select, one by one, the good mature ones.
It’s easy to make wine, it is made by itself. Macerating the rose wine, before it becomes red, on the largest steel pot placed in the coolest place; then, pressing with the help of an old cloth to extract the clean must. When the must doesn’t come out clean that means it still has something in it. That something, I recall, is called sludge, faeces, dregs, residues, dead yeast… and neither the must nor the wine get along with those names.
Spontaneous fermentation is more natural with the yeasts present in the grapes. It is ingenious to realise that rubbing and mashing a few grapes on a potato spread with gelatin, you could see, after a little wait, some yeast. Then, if you did some research you would ferment them separately, testing which one seems better; and if you got it right, you could make your own unique and exclusive beverage. That is something sought after by vintners but I'm not quite sure where that extraordinary wine is. I remember a blind tasting, with black glasses, where the connoisseurs hardly distinguished rosé from white wine. 
One then thinks of the must when it starts to become wine, at that moment when the fermentation, not quite finished, gives off an aroma that you want to keep already in the bottle. Because when it’s gone you don’t know where it has gone. That smell of red fruits, if only a little; and if it reminds you of fruits of the forest the achievement is colossal. 
It is probable, and at least curious, how some predict always an exceptional broth, and how we have never heard anyone say that there has been a bad harvest. Afterwards, more or less when you no longer see bubbles, you have to bottle it up because otherwise the ironic flower will turn it into vinegar.
Although I had to wait several months to open it, when I had the first corked bottle in my hand, I realised more than ever that need engenders the faculty of knowledge, the virtue of wisdom or at least thinking; that those who have nothing, nothing to lose, manage to thrive on their own out of nothing, from little to more and even from the grape to the wine. They break your wings sometimes by locking them, others just by saying you won’t make it, blaming you for something that you are not to blame; always stopping you, because they believe that you won’t get through, or simply trying to keep your sight and your thinking blurry.
What is worse, when one has actually achieved it and the wine actually tastes good, one has become a bourgeois reclining on a comfortable couch, not even thinking any more. 
It then remains to be understood why that is. 
There is something, however, that for the moment cannot be easily broken: the magic that makes the transformation. The change of phase, the change of state; the transition from wine to plain wine. It may be either the company or some other valuable thing that determines which term to use. Anyhow, for the time being I can just say that tomorrow we have arranged to try the last few bottles of plain wine.
THE THEORY OF THE RAY
Just like the whisper is excited by multiple simultaneous conversations, separated from each other by a few centimetres and different themes... and the tone is raised until it reaches a climax of painful noise perceived by the human ear, no one notices a lightning rod until the electrical ions from a storm hundreds of meters away reach the climactic state of lightning reflected in the human pupil.
H. ANTECESSOR
It is the November air in the mountains; the grass; going across the fields and the clay of this reddish earth, in between the still a bit green mountains; the crackling of dry leaves and twigs and the smell of the memories that lie here since the night of time. It hardly tempers the nerves that stretch to the bone. The weight of sorrow is frightened away from the memory, and the inner solitude surrounded by the sky urges a constant effort to tolerate serenity. It means ascending to a higher level. The gaze raised to the front, to the challenge, knowing that there is something special about this ancestral place, that will continue exhaling his old breath and accumulating layers. Closing your eyes, drawing magical paintings in the dark. And if one listens, one can faintly hear how the voices from the past whisper the same tones to the wind.
I advance, climb and advance... as a hunter, as an antecessor….
THE MOUNTAIN UNDER THE EARTH
It’s too late to realise that there are more things. Beautiful. Under the mountain.
'And we forget to bury ourselves under our own mud. We are the lineage of the nameless. In the flesh. Like a confused glow in the dark. It happened within open doors that the knights of the storm were emptied of light and they desired not the end but the invitation to cross to the other side. My Lords, before listening to everything, you must realise that it has already been depicted. Do not compare yourselves with them. Feel part of the human rarity engendered by the nameless. Belonging to the group of strangers who engraved their marks, impossible to erase with dew, that appreciate the kiss of the scorpion more than a cotton kiss…'
Ereo, the wise man, was giving an instructive discourse when I arrived. I had heard something similar before, the same muck with different flies. But this time it looked like something was about to happen. He looked like a crazy old man talking to his dead self. I soon understood that was what he was. The war had started and he was not talking to his dead self, but ours. 
'.... the equilibrium that can force you to surrender to the movements of the balance. Shattered shells on endless beaches before broken eyes. Youth! Let your nails grow long so you are not carried away by the fluids of clumsiness and the plastered ignorance which is a disciple of time. Doubts about destiny and their gods. Because if yours are the good ones, how many souls believe in the bad ones? No one can escape from it, the most perfect, without voice or phlegm. You won’t be intimidated, that’s why you should expect to come across it everywhere.'
The atmosphere was rarefied, halfway between the anger, revenge and honesty of those who expect a world beyond the unreal or the magical. Wishing to prevent the colours of his youth being lost, forgotten.
After a while the blacksmith's children arrived. They put down by my side the sack they had been carrying which was full of axes and a sword taller than themselves. Meanwhile, Ereo continued preaching:
'Rope of serene frights. If I were to write another letter to you, it wouldn’t be the same, but I would repeat many words, with the same letters. Even if I looked at your face and you were beautiful, I would possibly take a small step backwards on your path. And if I stayed still... I'd hold on better. In your dancing game without the prudence of the first performance. Do not be afraid to leave anything behind. Even wanting is a good passenger of madness. Do not fear, lonely enemy, as you are your worst enemy.'
The crowd continued to grow and they soon got closer as if they were possessed. From where I was, I could hardly hear what the old man was saying. People came from everywhere and they were no longer whispering.
'The vision was real,' they said and repeated it. A few described what they saw.
'The war is coming, too many of us have had the same dream,' someone said, 'iron alone will not suffice. It will take conscience to free ourselves from the time that lies ahead.'
'...when you know yourself as you know your demons, defects and imperfections, you are ready to lose everything, you don’t need to prove anything,' the old man continued, his sentences sometimes overflowed with anomalous quirkiness and others were as overwhelming as the truth, 'it will have been depicted and there won’t be time for doubt or concern. It is the proof that nobody frequents your inner side like yourself. Avalanches or landslides. Signs won’t help if there is no heart to knock at the door of the righteous. Understanding what is going on is the greed of impure wombs and languid snakes with reflections of the cleanest silver. No nodding to comply. Someone is watching you and waiting for you. That’s what you teach me, you guide my name. You know it. To be thinking what is not, waiting, in case you come back with an answer and so I will know where the lameness comes from.'
The wise man shouted at times. Perhaps overwhelmed by trying not to fail to announce something important that would otherwise be forgotten forever. Then he spoke more calmly, as if he was tired, with pauses; or as if he considered that those words had a more complex meaning and required a careful understanding. But his mind seemed to wander as if at times he spoke to everyone and at other times to no one; as if he was not using his own words; or maybe just as if he was not sure what he himself believed, and he wanted to convey the uncertainty, profane contradiction and fearful doubts that he felt.
'... in my clover of hearts. I will not fight against the black hole that turns pale, neither against the absurdity of lightness. The ink has been all used up. We must not waste our time; but when we waste it away to boredom, it doesn’t lead to illness because we are aware of the passing of time in our sorrow, which grows bigger with every yawn. And what little we will have achieved it'll be to greet the stramonium leaf. The slime we moved yesterday will completely demolish the mountain which has always been worn down. How tiresome and disappointing is to hear promises of 'for the better'. To blow to try and get the wind that has turned around the plain on your side is to waste your daring completely. But let’s not look under the mountain.'
The crowd, which had inundated the place, listened patiently. But they listened as if they were expecting the happening, almost as if not paying any attention to the words. Meanwhile, the old man placed his hands on his eyebrows and gazed at the horizon, as if estimating the tumult and thinking that not everyone was there yet. The words of the wise man sounded like a yes, but not; like a faint noise at night, that reminds you that not by shouting louder you'll be better understood. 
Most people had come in groups. Only a few of us seemed to be alone, and I, little by little, had gradually got closer to the old man.
'... greyish lime in the mist of awakening. I see the rotten slabs, soaked. The scintillation of the virtue of breaking adversity by increasing faith in your breath prevails; like majesty before the fire that does not burn but falls. Because things are not worth their weight in fire. Because taste is ephemeral, volatile, invented and insincere. We will be able to distinguish in each coincidence between the extremes plus and minus infinity; we seek the unrealistic comfort that one moment can offer to us. When everything is scarce, translucent, everything can be. Learn to choose, but never give up. One day when I woke up I noticed I wasn’t able to turn around.' 
The wise man had begun to raise his voice like a madman making grotesque movements with his arms while he stared to the sky. 
'... indigo coloured ghost; honey dressed in jasper cloths; plateau made of rocks with the texture of the everlasting. Bat’s legs. No one cares. Forbidden drugs that open windows.'
It was then that the crowd began to look all around and I could hear someone whisper:
'We've been fooled, and after the storm there could be a tempest.'
They stared at one another. They looked up. They looked towards the mountain. They brandished their weapons while waiting for the worst to happen.
Then, out of nowhere I felt a warm breeze that blew my hair and behind the mountain the sky darkened.
'...we stutter if we think and if we think we stutter. My eyes are blinking! Crumbs on the wall. Dizzying spike. Punishment that I haven’t been able to solve. The 'thank me for the effort and I will be happy' it’s no longer worth it. The 'give me a pillar to lean on and then I'll carry you on my back later' no longer works. The frustration of the essence of light is hidden. I would like to sell my suffering...! And I can only describe a state of imperfect looking past that evokes the sparks of frost on the turquoise cabbage. At worst a call to the hole of existential doubts is an exhausted tiredness. The extremes coincide. Sea of stained feathers. Shout! Zero, hope! One, despair! Two, agony! Three, fear! Four, contradiction! Five, balance! Six, wisdom! Seven, freedom! Eight, love! Nine, faith! Zero, believing!'
The mob recited these words in a deafening chorus, perhaps bewitched by the spell of the scriptures they had always read in the White Book. As if that was the prelude to the signal. There was a sense of fatal instability, the faces of those present were completely immersed in uncertainty, in fear, in waiting of the imminent battle. Meanwhile, the sky continued to darken. It was not a sky of greyish clouds. As darkness took over the landscape behind the mountain, Ereo shouted with all his might without looking at the crowd anymore, not even at the Lords protected by their armed lackeys. The wise man no longer spoke to his audience. I was close to him and could hear him sobbing. Suddenly, he stared at me with an eccentric look and said in a calm and lucid way:
'I sought and found, although it may not be what I expected. That day was strange. I stayed until the next morning but I couldn’t warn you. You were so close that could hear my voice; but still you didn’t respond to my scream. You didn’t come back to your own house. You didn’t get close but you danced for me, so I kept digging and didn’t bother you. Suffering is not a jewel that I would leave as a legacy. I am a slave of this desert, so thick and dense; far away from the cliff and I don’t dare look at it. I'm left with the possibility of a better future, which even if it existed I wouldn’t want it.' 
I listened to him carefully, trying to make sense of his words, not sure if he was talking to me.
He paused, put his hand in front of his face, looked at it as if he was looking at himself in a mirror and then looked at someone else, again with a madman's eyes.
'Even if after riding through hell on the backbone of the funeral of souls in the end it didn’t sting any more, I would not agree with the reward. If I had everything afterwards, even eternal forgiveness for my sins. I would not leave you wrapped up in charity with a stench of dry death. Damn your name and your ancestors'. I can’t see your voice. I can’t feel it all and I prefer the dark constellations, the ones you can’t see.
'Answer, you old fool! Where are they?' Someone suddenly shouted in a desire to dispel uncertainty and fear. 
But Ereo was not listening. He continued to recite verses of the White Book in an incoherent way.
'...beyond the imperishable, but now I cannot live off rings made with the vertebrae of the columns that you've splintered. You are neither right nor sorry.'
'Shut up, you old fool, or I'll spill the axe on your neck!' Exclaimed bluntly a young woman who was seven inches taller than me.
But no one paid any attention, they were all absorbed watching how the sky darkened. Some ran away in fear; others held on to one another or onto their weapons and thus remained.
'...to live dying is to deserve your burial. I won’t throw your guilt into my ashes for those you obey are your own ashes. That’s why your smile sobs with me.'
The sky was black, like night. But there was a certain clarity that revealed that it was still day time, a brightness that allowed us to see the imprint of terror on each other's faces. 
The bravery of the liberation battle turned into overexcited fear. Nobody wanted to put down their weapons. Either out of fear or maybe just so their coats of arms were part of the whole picture. 
There were not dark clouds but black like I had never seen before. But it didn’t rain. The Wise man had closed his eyes. Towards the mountain. He was gone. And there was a silence that seemed to stop the time.
'...Oh yes, I stroll in the Garden of Tranquillity. It embraces me. Death, reward concentrated in the epicentre of the end. Will I condemn the happiness of the murderer who gave his life for killing? Why should I become so arrogant and condemn him? Poisoned judge and martyr of salty gall and the vapours of sour wine. At the best of occurrences, I helped others out of selfishness, to make our spirits feel better in a parenthesis of impure happiness. I can stand the tiredness now, if not the sting. The circumference of spheres shines!'

Meanwhile, a nebula was approaching from the mountain.

'...blaming you for the cruelties committed is easier: the punishment should be shared. I smile as a sign of complacency to the disappointment of the one who says that he doesn’t fear death, the one who clings to what he has. Appreciating his spine without marrow. Spitting out hunger nodes and horizons of dreams. Not dreams, but sleepiness! There is no valley without a mountain. Oh, they are coming! Bloody clouds are coming when the earth is hidden from the light!'
The horde began to look towards the mountain with absolute disturbance. The wavy nebula became visible, dwarfing the pupils of those who stared at it. 
 'It’s the ganders. The mountain ganders.' The whispers lasted a short time, rising gradually in cries of distrust and terror. Some fled, they stumbled on their escape and trampled each other without compassion. Others mumbled, keeping their hand on their sword.
'... you pre-exist from the marsh of sorrow. Once the basket of wonders was opened, its secrets revealed, I didn’t find perplexity. I followed the pilgrimage of nomads to take down the signs that lead to the same places. If they take us there, what matters which one we choose? They took us there, they will take us there and we will get there. The vertigo becomes more intense for those who dictate the height. Trust me, mistrust captivates my centre.'
The flock was approaching. The most courageous shot arrows and even their best axes to try and kill the ganders, without even thinking about the people underneath. The ganders were getting closer. They advanced flapping their wings and undulating in a gentle parsimonious dance.
 '...I cornered peace, spat out hate and piled up lies. Five, the number of sin; six, of repentance and recovery of what has been lost. You're ahead of me. I don’t believe in nothingness, but at least worrying about it is doing something. Lethargic it fits, detached from everything and nothing. I do not wander in this land to win or to lose but to learn to understand, to try to reach the magic and embrace it. The horizon rests on the silver raven. Digging always into the same sand numbs you. It has been a while since I stopped believing in laws of living men.'
The arrows flew over and fell on the other side of the crowd. But suddenly one of the arrows hit a gander, which fell bleeding profusely near the wise man. Ereo opened his eyes and seeing the dying bird by his side bent down and lifted carefully in his hands. In the old man's hands, the gander recovered and took flight energetically as if nothing had happened. People were confused. Dazed.

'The signal. It’s the sign', they said, pointing to the wise man, 'it is he, it’s the old man!'
With a face of a vague restlessness, as if he had lifted the sheet that covered the truth, it is said that upon seeing the gander fly off the old man whispered, 'Defeat is for the living and I'm already dead. I died at birth. To die when you are born, at the same moment. I die. It is the Script.'
'It is the guardian of the fallen ganders.' Some people mumbled, as if the old man was the guide of night over day, as if the one who wanted to save them from the fallen cures were a perverse traitor. As if that was the test they should overcome. But nobody moved. They just looked at the old man who was now silent, rigid. Facing the mountain.
Suddenly, a tall and corpulent man, with a long beard, threw his double axe against Ereo and skewered it between his nose and mouth. The old man fell as the ganders flew by and the blood coagulated on the ground. But nothing else happened. Everyone remained motionless, expectant; looking at each other; looking at the old man; looking at the sky; looking at the ground; looking at the mountain. Listening. Nervous in the face of uncertainty, perplexity and despair. But the light of day did not return.
Some argued. Others hesitated, contradicted themselves and prophesied about what had already been prophesied.
'The bloody clouds! The storm without rain!'
Suddenly, it happened. A loud and immense thunder without lightning exploded in the ears of those present who since then were left deaf.
And there was a silence that stopped everything.
Most of them went mad. They contemplated the black mountain sky in the distance. Waiting for the bloody clouds with their hands covering their ears as if they could reverse the nightmare and the pain in their heads. But in reality they made an ineffable fuss in their horror. 
They bent down with their heads between their legs. The older ones got goosebumps on their nape, remembering ancient accounts and they retold them in whispers in between their moans and lamentations. Some lay down and even amidst the horror none could stop looking at the black mountain sky.
They clenched their eyes and teeth and when they reopened them, they saw glimpses of the future; they saw vivid flashes of their most terrible fears. And by their side they saw the face of evil in their children and their children's children, in their brothers and sisters, in their counterparts…

Under the mountain they tried to kill each other in the most atrocious, fast and senseless way possible. But only the youngest died while the oldest remained grievously injured and continued to fight from the ground. Everyone saw in the eyes of their dearest friend the greatest enemy.
The storm vanished. Time passed and nothing else happened. The few of us who were there alone, as we had always lived, saw nothing. We did not have a vision. Or maybe we did. Only us the vagabonds, the ones who had nothing, who expected nothing and no one, were left standing.
There was no one whose eyes hadn’t been swallowed up by the madness of the prisoner.
As the night came, the rain started to fall and washed the remains that had been splashed on us, the remains of a whole generation. Then, suddenly, all the bodies that lay there piled up under the mountain began to rise. Dazed as if they had been reborn they rose up on their very limbs which I had seen with my own eyes being cut off. The only one who remained truly dead was Ereo.
Over time, I figured that the old man's speech had been a speech for the future. A lecture on knowledge. Not to embolden the young crowd into battle against their fears, but to live beyond another war that was no longer theirs, after their death. As an omen to wake up to the new era that was to come. And there, there is still a cemetery without a sacrament or bones. In the mountain under the earth.

Excerpted from the work Esquela de Tinieblas (Obituary of Darkness).
THE VESTIGES OF EREO; THE NONSENSE
'Things happen and everything changes. Hundreds of years to understand why time passes by so quickly.' 
Some, men and women, all of them deaf, buried the wise man right there in the mountain under the earth, where since then they said to have heard at certain moments a few grunts that caused shivers to run down your spine. And they wandered with the old man forever in their thoughts. They said to keep in their memory fragments of the visions of their dreams and nightmares, where they saw Ereo in the body of a young man preaching under the mountain, as if he was speaking to them from the afterlife. And out of these very fragments they told new prophecies. 
And so they wrote it, in their own way and in the present tense to remember it:
'The dark sky moves forward; it touches the earth. It lurks behind my back. The circle is closed for the others.'
'Lying buried, finished. The body detached from the body. The silver rope. In the grotto of the underground echo, I advance through the colourless darkness. Waiting for anything to happen, afraid of the cries of spiral ice that wander around time. I wander along paths of shadows that you will never find, they will never be the same ones. As I walk forward, the dust of the path heals my wounds, but they leave scars. Thus I'll be perpetually scarred by those wounds that tore my will to pieces.'
'There is no heat, there is no cold. I can feel the weak point of darkness, where I can be myself, as I recall paths with which I tried to change my hated ones but they led me to them faster. Now there are no enemies, places, moments, substances or non-substances left and nothing or no one to hate. It is difficult to accept that we could have done better. Slippery feelings that still inhabit the senses, while old fears are lost in the abyss of defeat, along with hatred, attachment, greed, revenge, pain, restlessness..., the unfinished work, deadly sins and with them all their virtues. Waiting to hear, 'I'm sorry'. For whatever comes next. An answer to spin that which weighs little.'
'And if the judge of your anguish is not able to feel them... If the joy only lasted an instant, cornered in the distance, then I will find it in the eternity of blue and gloom. But now I can’t hide my mistakes even though I could forget that I committed them. Impatience would betray me hoping to dominate the sense of feeling. I think, thus I smile... Until I feel something. I can’t tell if I'm there yet, but I can say that in one way or another I'm neither there nor here. I remain silent, aphonic.'
'Crossing the edge of the abyss, between the cliffs that opened in the dawn of dusk. So much time has passed that I forget what is to come.'
'It will be an awakening in reality.'
'When the end of luck is about to come, the end of the road, the end of the darkness, hopefully then the dreams will be released and fly away!'
'And in the light, strange ideas, strange figures, an infinite and impenetrable glimmer of precious and inexplicable colours. You can’t forget about me when, on returning, the words of eternity shine in the shadows of darkness.'
'In front of the door of awards, I'm one of the last ones to arrive at a past and secret future, to the fountain out of which cords of drops sprout and slide over the belly of the miserable man. Saving the affection from the ruins for an absolute pale evening, I stay still in front of the Death Mast; in a night of shapes and fates, of fairies and nails. Vehemence in the sobbing of the old man, for a tomb in exile. Dreams drawn from the visceral, they dream that they are not alive, they cannot dream. There are not sinister guts or trunks. And the food shakes when it hears my vomiting, all together and at the same time.'

'In an instant, everything you have experienced. All the good and all the bad. Everything that has been caused. Even what you didn’t intend, it also has occurred. All the omissions. The whole truth about the most minimal mutual thought or feeling, with each being known or unknown, which was the fruit of my life. All the feelings at the same time. So much that it doesn’t fit, I can’t stand it and it bursts out in a huge swamp of blood.'
'A moment later I fall into the black blood that I buried in the tomb, with the ancestors of the firmament. The chastisement. Repentance and compassion. Secret of a dead man's purgatory. So big what’s out there; and what I don’t see, so small, that it screams in confinement. Sorrow is the bread of understanding. To find the bread, I can no longer search, I go where the crumbs are. And I follow the water from the source to the river. When the river carries plenty of water, a good shade protects it. Those, our elements, that no one ever heard stop.'

'And another moment later, on the other side, I see a leafy valley of rotten fruits, and an alchemist who gives himself in a pit of sand and fog. In the mountains. Where the dead are born, in turns and defeated, seed of their seed. The knights who step on the dry fire of the sky. Come to the cemetery where I lie, where the paradise of darkness reigns, and removes my dust. Eternity is a future that cannot be past. Just as life is death, death is not alive on this Earth. Waiting for your death. From hell to my body. I lose the will and strength. It is my voice that twists in the rupture, in the slavery of broken fear in the sources of my darkness. In obituary of my name and my abyss, in my desert, in my burial exile at the ocean of cemeteries. I wanted so much, that I have nothing. You will understand when those fears embrace you. The spider tears apart the soul inside, wishing to get out. My song of the end. With all your images in front of you. Horror and wonder, the icy and the warmth. In my footsteps on the grave of those who will die. In memory. I want to guide you, the generation that died under the mountain. I try to cross the pool of time, but the stagnant water drowns and dies of thirst. Time is the one that commands. Shared with my ditch full of path crossings. The greyish crows that follow me know this. The desire to get out of here where everyone implores. A plea for each of your wrinkles that not even in a thousand years could I count. A plea to stop suffering, or perhaps to exist. To go up to your side to see you better than from here, from the back in the distance. To keep the fears away from this swamp, waiting for the guide to take me to your metaphor that is heard in a whisper in the vault. To hear you breathe. Mowed sentences with a bladeless scythe.'

'A free name, shrinking distance to agonize awake. Lady of the altar. Who dwarfs all coffins of fear, awakening within, of fears that do not emerge while you are sleeping in them. Towards those hung from below with ropes in the shelter of infinity. When you come. Observing being, I am not the soul of the end, nor of the death.'
'I see your teeth and the underworld from where you drink, but I can’t see your body. Eight, the number of the dead. I am what I have been in memory of your colours, different from ours, taste of lights swallowed up sullenly. Black be mine. Tartar foam. Silence forgets me.'
'I paused to meet you; I began to pour into the sediment the signs that contain meaning to meet you when men push you away. The abyss comes and goes because disturbances change over time, but they have always been there. Dark lines defeated in curves.'
'And after so much, in the end without end. The taste of failure did not spread nor stop at dawn, when I didn’t see you. I only see the night without end. But I don’t know how I'll dig your name in my will and bury myself. In the valleys. This is how a divine spark emerges in me. The asbestos thorn stung me. I am no longer the owner of my pain or my fears. I am a vagabond against my destiny, broken into a bloody shiver. Always looking for admiration in the grandeur of the distant and immense Universe, with hardly a glimpse of our nearest treasure, our own spirit. Your shapes and colours are so charming though…'
And that is how I remember that story now. The one where I was born. 
And in a penultimate moment everything happened within me. Absolute knowledge. I could understand everything, all the worlds within me. Absolution, essence of beauty and light. 
In that solitude, the discerned mountain is gone from me. To get away from the unhappy world.
...then the man will leave me.


Based on the unfinished work Esquela.
ICE ON THE WEST WIND

I opened the book a little more and there it was written:

I am writing to you. Guardian of fear and of my vestiges. To you wind of ice, broken breath just like your drops that are boiling as they fall. They are of that kind of dark blue which is less close to the end than smelled of sinister death. This is the beginning.
Serene in your condemnation of contemplating infinite pulsars. Rise, stand up, straighten your face when the cursed and poisoned darkness comes, my dear. I have returned, in a hollow attempt of will, so as not to forget what I have experienced. Why wasn’t I able to get everything from the dying ruins. I lie here now, as I always say, 'we are here' already in that or those places. And now inside who knows where, inside all of them. Outside of the place where everything dwells substance less. Sour memories were handed over to me as I crossed over. I don’t feel them as mine. I don’t feel nostalgic for having them. Sadness locked in a tomb without trance nor death, a decaying bier, motionless, towards the west of that infinity, as eternity in the distance, also iniquitous. Shrunk without any r blood that ferments into shrivelled shrieks. I loved her so much that I don’t love her anymore, because I miss her, my fear.

This is the one, the spare one, my one, the page among the dead, the page among the times.
Deceased funeral, requiem of eulogy, expiration, trance and start, the finished end. Prayer of agony, enduring of sufferings, creature of restlessness, doubts…
We had it in front of us and I didn’t dare look. We didn’t dare. All that time spent on the search for
the rotten rot itself, which reached far beyond humanity, when it could have been so easy. What a pity. We could have been happier. Just by looking a little further out. Happiness was there, ahead, in front of ourselves and on the sides. And we insisted on damaging everything and bathing it in absolute suffering that cried out at times, for ourselves. Beyond the broken things. And always one more opportunity. Creating more great things. Taking away the suffering created by ourselves. But we did not all go at the same time. It could have been so simple to create chances and wills. And we spoiled it.
But there is exhilarating hope. I feel the reverberation of tomorrow snatched up in an imminent burst of magical colours. The one that bears your name, erected with your own hands, forged from the ends
without letters. The rock of the mountain, in its purest state, in reminiscence of your colours, which always will be yours while mine blooms clear and colourless. After having listened to all the hallucinogenic herbs, I am not doomed in this soul link, calm in the sources of our half-light. Because I never know much about what is to come. Alone, like in the beginning, where we were in a previous tomb without a niche. Not where the end stops, the one that breaks the nakedness, still crumbled and so it will be later. It is not what it seems, like what we learned from yesterday, where I will find you tomorrow. Even many of our favourite flavours don’t smell the same any more.
I do not enjoy mistrust of any evil. I lost it at the crossroads, but this is not the end, my friend, man of me. Unlike those lost clothes that I feel so vividly, I can’t tell how much I've forgotten but for a moment I grasped everything. And that’s what I have left. It is not the end, my friend, woman of me.

In my fiery mirror I watched the destiny that comes and goes, without knocking at the door. Its light showed me how that passion, intensity, atmosphere, feeling and enchantment is what makes us great. It is this ink, my dried blood in the embers of my ashes; the spell you can’t see now; the restart of no apocalypse in your prophecy. It showed me how it would consume me to misinterpret other ways. Don’t even believe in what you think with meaningless thoughts. It is your memories that weigh more than your name within the nostalgia of not hearing your own voice. Like everything that has never been yours, which you borrowed in the dawn of awakening and will remain in the hills. It has not been taken away from you because you never had it, not even in the wreck of never.
Approach the West Wind ice.
You will cherish it so much. Everything.
From the lonely distance emerge the trenches of time, earned and not wasted, in which we will have won the crusade to the boredom of your path. On which you trod, dead in the death.
The languishing snake that shouted to the raven:
'Vermin dragged!'
'Inexorable greed (the mother of envy). A replica of some intense emotions and at the same time so distant from other deeper ones. There is no response to the foolish questions that have not yet been asked, wasting time in an eagerness to get it back. Isn’t it true that for every moment of joy we were whipped by our iniquities? It is also true that nothing lasts until never. Nothing is ours. You forge pain as your own and that’s the evil that you don’t want to set free. And you trap us by twisting your limp arms around us, and we keep them as our own without allowing them to temper. Confused you wrongly damage the elements just like you torn our skin with a brush and it hurts and it bleeds, under the shelter of the innate and deep enchantment that still changes with the storm, but it’s always sincere. An image of a refuge built by others before us. And I kneel before you, for what you have endured, in sadness and grief. The darkness takes over the reflection of your iris, who encourages you and tells you to go ahead. It is the will. do not resign yourself to an unmentionable one that consumes everything. Only then you will feel all the light that lived among us.
The mirror shines even brighter. There is no night any more.
The white shadows exiled from the penumbra walk alone. I heard them drink from your womb. Where do the souls of the dying trees end up? Maybe luck would exempt us from the fate where eyes lurk. 
The butterfly that does not try to escape from the weaver's web becomes wiser and she does not fear it. That is why she does not seek shelter here. Suicide, which we always dread it might occur as a response, it is inconceivable here. Clear as rain from your swamp; a fusion of empty and full, of being and being present. Absolute perplexity that illuminates and embraces the salt sculpture. Beware of the drops that could fall over our heads.
A feeling of peace shrouds everything. Sympathy keeps us going. The disorder of our mental sketches fades away trying to reach the magic without ever embracing it. There were many names with their numbers and colours. So many that I could hardly squeeze them together with your hands. 
Forever wishing and not being able to achieve anything; knowing but not being able to understand. The spirit of the unborn child. Lamentations were wasted to magnify yesterday's confusing ideas. At worst tomorrow they will be more confusing and disorienting. Forever trying to avoid failure, invoking a god. Our dreams might have been nothing more than vain wishes for an unlived reality. So much was imagined and expected, but it did not happen; it vanished between the bones just to forget them. But they didn’t disappear in the flaws of oblivion. Perhaps it will not happen again, maybe I never wanted to be left behind, maybe I couldn’t go back to the sea...
Just like that. Like that.
That’s it.
Set the pond on fire, because man will leave us. It will leave us again. 
I am not with you near your mountain. I crossed under the mountain but I didn’t get to see it. Beyond the silence, as a reminder of one of the most beautiful sounds. Mine, no one else’s, behind the abyss, behind this desert of clarity. I saw how the improvisation of reality descended from among our misery. With the tray in which the stars are offered to you and at the bottom your death.
And you will know it by now, when you have come this far, where I was once but I am not there any longer. It wouldn’t have been the same before, it is more precious that you see it now, when we haven’t resolved nor omitted any indecisions as infamous cowards. If we are now all one and the same, different in so many lives, similar in what is to come. In denial I was consumed with saving their lives, plus I wanted it from their deaths.
Following the path of time. It’s open. You've arrived now and never. To touch was to return. With different notes. And never being sure that being here is the proof of having existed. Deceased of the awakening. You are worth, nothing and everything, for much and for all. That which we mourned as lost, from circles to spores, to animal pollen in the garden of the dead... where the ones hung from below dwell. In the background I hear you say about the path that leads me to lose my way. If several of us agree that’s because it’s there. There is still the sphere that shines, hanging from the purging rope. They told me, not other's, our prisoners. You don’t have to know more. You will find out when it has happened. But don’t trust it to be as you imagine. Words cannot paint the whole picture. You just have to know that they are waiting for you.
The one-eyed people who see the light that does not dazzle.

The sphere as a murky watercolour buried in the flesh, a concern of yours, dances with the spider with a melted sting. This way we will cross before. Do not obey the charming forms, which you easily nod at.
You are who you are, you will never be who you would be.
These are the questions that deserve to be answered.
Do you remember when we used to play alone at the same time, like if we were together, seeking to shame the fear of his exile to the disturbance of the voices of the depths?
Go on, dream the dreams that you are not allowed to dream of. Because you will come.
And this is not a new dream. Someone knows and is still in his waiting.
Because we got here.
From death.
FIELD OF SPIDERS
Mörteden. At the dawn of darkness tiredness is retained in its own existence. It wants to. There were days spent without walking. There were hours spent without drawing. Now I feel miserable. I want to forget you.
We have spoiled it. It won’t come back and even if it did, I wouldn’t want it the same way. I wouldn’t want it the same way. It’s not coming back. We have ruined it.
We will cross over.
I wander barefoot in a field of spiders. The wickedness that could win me over has died. Where is the calmness that comes and goes now? The calmness that comes and goes now follows me without a reason. Now, where is it now? Where is it?
I wander barefoot in a field of spiders, and I'm still a loser. My guardian angel must be a first cousin of Luzifer. I'm still a loser. 
Why? For how long? Where am I heading to?
I wander barefoot in a field of spiders.
I'm trying to restore the distance that separates me from you.
The breeze feeds the moon. The ropes are perfectly aligned. Straight lines are aligned in curves, defeated. Lateral penance. The ashes fill your eyes with fond memories that were never seen. Fear takes hold of you. And no word will be enough to heal me. None of your words will be enough to make me forgive you.
I regret when I sang that I'd rather donate my soul to the devil than to embrace you.
Passage to yesterday.
I have committed the greatest of sins. Where is the calmness that comes and goes now? Let me find calmness under your bed. How can you avoid your own betrayal?
I still have to restore the distance that separates me from you. Let me find calmness underneath your bed. Let me find calmness underneath your window.
Let me find calm behind your sadness.
Phreatic penance.

LIQUID TEMPEST
You don’t owe anyone a laugh if no one believes in you. Where the silence burns in the sea, the storm will guide me, in all the nights that remain to come.
Today is a good time to remember. To remember that nothing will be the same. The heart sliced in two is slowly drowning us. Lonely at sea.
After the storm, the tempest may come. And it will take everything away. Towards the sea.
Today is a good time to remember that nothing will be the same. Towards the sea. May the storm be my guide. Towards the sea. In all the nights that remain to be reached.
THE FORGOTTEN MAN
An elderly woman wearing a black headscarf passes by the side of a forgotten man. She watches him as she reaches the board where the obituaries are displayed. There are two today, she takes a quick look at them as someone who is in the habit of doing so and then goes on her way. But when she is about to take the fourth step she turns back to the board, as if to double check some date, time or maybe because something seemed familiar. She goes through the obituaries more carefully this time and then she is on her way.
The forgotten number, in between the ages. Number 7 died, wounded, without heat, without flesh, without heaven, without hell, without life nor death, without luck nor betrayal. The forgotten wanderer. Whose name is never pronounced and if it were it wouldn’t be pronounced the same way in this place. 
'I'm sorry about yesterday, I am the forgotten one. Here all the time, a wanderer.'
The purging does not stop. The wear and tear is not over. From culprit among ruins to shelter of perpetual and sincere love.
'If you go, I'll wait for you to return from among your clothes.'
Any contradiction of an unfinished origin could be wiped in the knowing that it was not naivety itself, nor mediocrity. After wandering among the ruins of his will the vagabond talks to himself and with himself. Broken springs of time that do not respond to consciousness.
Suddenly, two distant men approach hurriedly, without taking their eyes off the ground. They cross without looking at each other, avoiding each other in the same way as the concerns of others are avoided. They don’t even notice the forgotten man who continues to unfold a conversation while he stares at the old lady walking away.
'Even so, not everything is just one thing. Health is now lazy, walking towards the horizon, towards the cemetery. If there was any strength left... There’s no time to say goodbye.' 
His skin is of the colour of darkened paleness. In neglect. From purple to the most corrupted gold. Without glow. It caresses the broken murmur of his putrid heart, sliced open in two.
And it twists... An inmate of madness and dusk while the scales of time break down the old cardboard, much older than the day before the day before yesterday. 
'Look!' he exclaims with the same excitement as yesteryear, 'The penumbra is beating among the bloody clouds. After all, I just wanted to be king of the mountains, spinning the wheels of the scorpion abrasions, without eyes, without queen or slaves. How do they do it? The desires piled up with the fragrance of uncut fruit. Can you hear the chants? What will you see when you go across the path? It’s always open. Would you like to follow me?' he speaks with a gradually slower voice, looking serenely towards a spot amidst his humid belongings, and starts his best song, so many times rehearsed:
'Shapes, shapes within me. Eight hundred and eighty-eight thousand. Shapes, shapes within me.' He goes on softer each time, almost mumbling. And then again, this time with more strength, '...shut up, shut up, grant me this favour, I hear them again in a delicacy that has been given away.'
'Shapes, shapes within me.'
'Eighty thousand and the wind'.
'Shapes, shapes within me.'
'Ha ha ha,' he laughs then takes a deep breath and continues laughing and coughing at the same time until he finally calms down. 
'Even fools know it; one shouldn’t trust someone more ignorant than oneself. If only it were as simple as saying that after the storm the tempest will come.'
After a long pause he continues his monologue while he stretches out.
'Remember? We used to have new dresses, and now we have none,' he said as he laid down on the ground, 'I've been taught that by the roots that let me see the wet earth and smell it close to my face. You must not trust the one who wants to cut your legs off by saying that you won’t make it,' he murmurs with his face to the ground while watching a spider climb vertically up behind a grubby plastic bottle almost crowning the mouth, whose cap he holds in his hands, 'I am delighted with that smell when It’s raining and I can breathe. I didn’t sleep well last night. Like on those nights, ahhh... that are never forgotten.'
As always when he is lucid, some moments become memories.
He gets up and asks himself:
'Where should I go, when they all arrive with their breeding?'
'You know, I once had a golden pouch. I'll miss you. Above all, I will remember the times I saw you behind the bottle. You won’t, but I will remember that it used to cast out golden reflections when you passed behind it,' he confesses to the insect and adds in a whisper stretching the last word, 'I fight because it is my turn. Look at my decaying teeth.'
Then he continues his discourse with a strong voice while he looks at his mouth reflected on the bottle, at the enamel blackened with the ashes of a war he doesn’t remember.
'And I haven’t slept. If I take a nap, I'll think about my travel companion. Maybe later. I will stay
here lying down until it gets dark.' He lies down face up and remains thoughtful for a minute, then he starts again: 
'Oh yes, I didn’t tell you. I found you in a book: Argiope, that’s what they call you, with curved letters. That’s what I'm going to call you. But you know what? My friend, you don’t fear the dead. Let’s see if I can do it,' he said in an introspective thought while he started an exciting humming:
'Argiope, don’t hide from this light that shakes me,
I do not know what your flesh tastes like to my vault and palate.
Uff... your caresses move me
that’s why sometimes I would like to throw my heart at you
so that you can raise your family in it
Feed on my chest!
Oh, Spider of the Underworld!
Consume me inside!
Until you reign in my skeleton
Black blood is not pure
and desires are not eternal
In the depths of what I do not feel,
I am no longer afraid.'

He mumbles the end of the verse without singing anymore and continues muttering at the same time as he looks sideways and turns his head from one side to the other, watching the things surrounding him. 
'I don’t want to complete syllables now without regret for myself, always tired, tired of waiting. And you must know, my spider, that if I came back I wouldn’t want the same things. To forget the forgotten man, the lonely vagabond, you won’t be blamed, you won’t have mercy.'
And so he spends whatever time is left, feeling blessed by his chatting with the spider, enemy of phobias and shiverings.
'What a good life you have. You stand still and wait in your silk. Sometimes you can fly. Like the wasps you slurp up, hmmmm…, also in gold, like yourself.'
He stares at the spider for a while and repeats a couple of times: 
'I want to be made of gold too. We are what we eat. I want to be golden. Without fear,' he mutters very slowly and then, 'craaacktch, crouucktch, ckrsrktch,' the sound of cracking can be heard flying in the wind as he ends saying with a full and smiling mouth, 'You die at the same moment as you are born. And I've said it before, but you never listen to my voice.'
Pungent is the taste, like the forbidden roar of his chewing that claims that the spider is no longer neither spider nor fear but his nourishment.
Soon after that the old lady passes by again, this time carrying a loaf of bread. She breaks off a small piece with her hand and places it in the coin basket, by which she sometimes stops when it is empty. While looking down she kisses her fingers and without saying a word she sanctifies herself. In front of the forgotten wanderer.
LORD OF DESTINY
To you, Lord of Destiny; to you, lost creature; to you, balance that waits without fear amid noise and storm; waiting to be forgotten, I exhort you. 
Until now you have never reigned empty and you have seen how desire has burned my breath, while here I dance with the fire of time spent in the dance of each sacrament.
To you mist of the desert, here I wait. Sitting on the needle of time while I look at the sky and listen to the Universe rotate. I, an uncertain wanderer, give you these legacies of sleep. To you I whisper that you have not yet defeated me. I am still alive.
THE NOTES
The notes with all their silences are for the musician like letters with all their spaces for the poet. By themselves, standing alone, they do not take up much space. They are at anyone’s reach. The difficult thing is to order and execute them to create something beautiful.

NANO STORIES

Invincible. I always try,
and I will have to try again.
———
It was a demonic situation,
it barely allowed him to sanctify himself.
———
It was a network only for the club of selected faces,
it is a market of trivial blankets where they are sold
cheaply.
———
My name,
my name is me and I am anyone.
———
I hear you're leaving,
I'll wait for you at the station.


****)(****
POEM-SONG


Open Time Passage
(To The Cemetery Path)


Very slowly I weave the long hair
while white spider devours them inside,
barefoot between pits and red dust
towards the passage of old and open time,
by taming the monsters of fury, they fall fine
all in dark black obfuscating their entanglement,
contemplating from afar how fear arrives.

The wine falls on a rune of three heavens.
Dark red shines like loose hair.
To you born of the cold I say
 as the living who sits waiting for you dead.
To you guardians of the river I repeat
that the wretched curve awaits to see you.
To you, a kind of deposit, comfort, no ice...

I'm going forward slowly and slowly downwind,
the wider the straighter the shortcut.
Wet is the dark soil of the road,
Quietly the vast firmament insists on boiling,
and your smell floods the battle in a rite.
Climb on top of it and don’t leave
any drops or residue,
in the desire to swallow all your poison.

On your grey face a tear is burning.
Glow alone in the vague waiting for the wind
to wash her as to her grief without shelter,
and bare life in your centre the eternal one,
for the key lies in his cursed fire
how quickly the magic dream ends,
until she returns from her veraison.

Take me where hell doesn’t whisper to me
Take me where I don’t have to
breathe like a servant,
where the bow sprouts from the crooked world.
Take me where I can cross the floor,
where the fogs hold back the sweet bunch.
Take me where silence is my burial.

I beat the blunt iron, I scream and follow
the blind man,
in this war that is taking me prisoner.
I gently taste my enemy's flesh,
throwing it dry on the desert beach.
I chew and chew without lying down,
throwing anger into the umpteenth exile,
where the eye of the one-eyed man sleeps.

Cycle by cycle I seek to free the desires,
untie them from everything I want
on the hunt for the beast of nonsense,
beyond the time that digs in, open.

So much so that it abandons it and
renounces emptiness,
so much that the thorns of the heather sigh.
It is in vain, the monster finds my
confinement again.

You who harasses me with harsh kisses,
if by any fortune you should lose the fetus!
prostrate yourself, you unwilling, roaring beast.
Your claws languish without wings or fingers
to the quacking of the albino crow.
Return forever to your deep hole
where you are smothered
by the flowers on your rye.

Between the graves I slept until
I heard the full clock,
I named the nine spheres until I smelled your body,
I have swum in the tame hail of noise,
I counted all the rows in the white notebook,
I climbed it from a lost pilgrim,
I sang new lyrics vagabond without a garden,
and I lost the truth where to plow the perfect.

I sucked the dirty flies to see in your rut,
I broke off under the insect’s bark,
further away from the antepenultimate heartbeat,
where I rode on the snakes of your winter
subjugated to the nerves of the unsigned fire,
tormented without night, always until later
to rest on the zero needles.
Spilt brain slides in the blackest colour,
fall from the top of your memory
on the rotten roots of the hawthorn,
by raising the branches of the mirror more strongly
that hold the dark guts of the nest,
feeding the feathers of the sick rook
that dawns drinking from my hollow breast.

Four sins revolve around me
arising from the wounds of a frustrated warrior,
eaten away by the fury of my destiny.
They are desire, ignorance, anxiety and fear,
whispering the deepest of sounds to me,
that howls in the consciousness like an echo of
storm thunder that hopes to have done better.

Tick, tick, tick, it comes sharp from the everlasting.
Good luck, ask me to forgive you, please ask me.
So long for your children...
Tick, tick, tick, mowing comes for my skin.
So long is never so long for a friend...
Lucky me, ask for it! Please beg me.
So close to the open time passageway.


****)(****




To those who have read Open Time Passageway.
For their time.


Editorial passageway to Estramonium Ed. )The path to the cemetery is open(: egravempath@gmx.es
Coming up, “Obituary of Darkness” …
Part One: The Nine Spheres



) i (


-The Path to the Cemetery is Open-


'Rise up, Serenity. The path to the cemetery is open.' A voice vanishes in a recent memory of awakening.
And I wake up with my arms buried, next to a narrow path covered with wet leaves, which is more like an animal path. A deep, throbbing headache keeps me on my knees as I try to remember. The dark haze barely gives way to the cold dawn. With half-open and veiled eyes, I sense someone moving away in front of me, in a rocky valley towards the distance. The feeling is strange; I don’t know where I am, but soon I recognise the pebble-filled landscape and the smell of wet earth. Glimpses of what would have happened invade my mind until, in one breath, I am overwhelmed, absorbing all the air of my own sigh as I feel myself rising from the roots of death. Without any strength I crawl along the path in the direction followed by the figure dressed in a long garment similar to a dark tabard.
I manage to get up and take a few steps forward until the end of the slight slope. There I glimpse the cemetery to which I descend absorbed by the situation, thinking of the words with which that slender individual had woken me up in a whisper. I approach the edge, but see anyone. I get ready to drink at one of its fountains and after a few moments, without giving me time to think about turning around and going back, he appears. Towards the centre of the cemetery, around the circles of the Great Heads, between the large mausoleums, I can make out his silhouette. It seems as if he were watching me, hiding, waiting to direct my steps. If I had the strength I would run towards him, but I cannot. I have to cross the nine spheres, one for each lineage, for each number, that mark the limit of each area as its own. They are formed by concentric circles which are increasingly extended outwards from the three central ones, which belong to the convinced, the judgemental and the aristocratic, respectively.
Carefully I rush through the wide area of the buried in Number One, of those without anything, full of vagrants, losers and lost, enslaved, criminals..., to the second sphere, which meant that I was entering the cradle of the doers. Not only does the sphere delimit the passage, but most tombs do not appear so abandoned to the grass. As I advance towards the hooded, although he does not move away, he walks towards one of the sides without looking back. I have almost reached the area of the masters; from here I can see some details of the engravings on the third sphere. Suddenly, the being I'm chasing crouches down and hides behind a grave, so I stop. As I lower my head to take the next stride I see something strange a few steps ahead of me.
One of the tombs, surrounded by the typical stones that delimit the burials in Number Two graves, has been badly removed, in a way proper to a desecrator who has been searching in a hurry. However, the circular coffin is empty and, although dirty and humid, still retains the aroma of freshly cut elm tree, so it does not seem to have been here long. A few handfuls of loose soil have fallen into it.
When I look up, I see what I didn’t expect to be true.
My own name is written on the tombstone. I then notice a cloth pouch hanging from the date, I am slow to remember that is my own date of birth. The pouch is trapped under one of the stones that mark the circle of the tomb and I waste no time in picking it up. Inside there is a piece of leather that illuminated by the first lights of dawn seems to be empty.
But when I turn it over I can read a word hastily written on it with a piece of clay: Mâarpha. I suddenly realize that I must leave straight away, not just the cemetery but also the plain. Whoever had led me here was no longer here. My head is overwhelmed by unanswered questions and great uncertainty, which makes me leave the cemetery like a puppet that barely notices where it’s going.
The swarm of emotions doesn’t let me think clearly about the idea that maybe I shouldn’t walk around with my face uncovered. I only realize it when, not too far away, I see a couple of countrymen approaching who can probably see that I'm coming out of the cemetery. Although I cannot distinguish who they are, by their attire it might be the preacher and one of his choirboys, who is pointing in my direction.
So I lower my head and make my way on the opposite direction so as not to cross them in my path. I hope they haven’t recognized me, just like I haven’t recognized them. I could be anyone visiting the cemetery, it was not unusual to see someone there, although perhaps not so early in the season of fall. It also comes to my mind only now that maybe I should have covered the grave. Although if I had, they probably would have caught me with my hands on the ground.
I cannot assert the consequences of this conjectures, but what is certain is that there seems to be no going back. In a short while I will be in the fields. Crossing the few but extensive maize lands and the abundant vineyards, seems to me the best way to get across the plain and to the city of Mâarpha.
The sun has already risen and I haven’t made much progress through the long furrows. Without distinguishing whether I'm drenched in sweat or in the drops that the maize leaves hold, I try to avoid cutting my eyes with them. The length of the furrows is limited by the extent that the watering can reach and the slope.
Boundaries are scarce. Only a handful of Fives and a few Big Heads have farming rights, whereas almost the whole village, all of them belonging to Cradle One and Cradle Two, are the ones who tend this vast land. I feel terribly tired, so I stop and pull out a good cob of corn which I devour like if I was a starving wild boar. Old people, who have already lost their fear of life, always say that there’s never hunger when one goes through the countryside.
And meanwhile, I'm pondering on what’s coming, taking a shortcut to the enigmas I'm trying to solve, in my fight to I don’t really know where, why, how or even when.

Open Time Passageway


Other titles by E. Gravempath


· Pasadizo Del Tiempo Abierto (Open Time Passageway*)
· Esquela de Tinieblas (Obituary Of Darkness)


(*) Spanish edition of Open Time Passageway. In addition, this Spanish edition has included a second chapter called Poemario (Poetry Book) which harvests a series of his first poems that have been collected as rarities, free style, without a marked rhythm and avoiding the academic poetry of books. As a whole, both chapters preserve a uniform theme, based on time as the central title of the work, with a Gothic background and different predominantly dark colours. 

Open Time Passageway is a translation of the original work Pasadizo del Tiempo Abierto. Translated by A.A.




E. GRAVEMPATH
