

Packless (Hunter Moon Academy)
By Simone Leigh Martin

Copyright 2021 Simone Leigh Martin
Kindle Edition
Editing: Outfit Consulting
Cover Design: Germancreative

License Notes
Thank you for downloading this eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

***

Dedication:
For Mandy & Tash – eternally encouraging pack sisters

***

Packless is a full-length paranormal romance, and is the first book in the Hunter Moon Academy series. It is a continuing story, and ends on a cliffhanger. It is recommended for 18+ due to language, violence and sexual situations, including assault and domination.


Chapter One – VAIL


Friday night was game night in the Chance house, and I had an Eiffel Tower to build. I dropped a couple of sodas on the slab of pine Driftwood had carved for our dining table, and pried open the jigsaw box. “Want to finish the Empire State, or go French with me?” I called to my foster brother, Darkness. “You can do the sky, since you’re late to the party.”
“Can’t,” he muttered, swooping past me in a musky cloud. 
I twisted around to look him over. He wasn’t just wearing cologne. His hair was slicked back, that floppy bit at the front tamed with something more than sweat or engine grease. “Where are you going, all prettied up?”
“Mind your own,” he told me, fiddling with the buckle on his belt. It was a new one and I was pretty sure his boots were either fresh hand-me-downs, or he’d spent a good hour polishing the cracks out of his old ones.
Driftwood came in and looked Darkness over. “Sharp,” he said, and headed into the kitchen. I rolled my eyes, but Darkness did look sharp, and something pricked my chest when I realized why. “You got a date?”
“Something like that.”
I tried to nod, but my neck felt like a rusty spring. I knew Darkness dated, but that was a bunch of us going for pizza after school. We never had much money, so the only way we could really date, was if we pitched in and split the costs. Or the only way he could date, since no guy had looked sideways at me since I got boobs in the eighth grade. “You going for pizza?”
“No,” he said sounding distracted. He was looking for something, and it took me a moment to realize what it was. Since I’d given it to him for his last birthday, I always kept an eye on his wallet, and I now pulled it out from under the puzzle box. I gaped when I flipped it open. “Freaking hell, Dar, that’s a lot of bacon! Did you rob a bank?” 
“Give it here.” He snatched it out of my hand, but I was already moving towards my room. “Don’t you go without me! I’m getting a Pepperoni all to myself!”
I was pulling on my boots when I heard an engine rumble. No way was he leaving without me! Grabbing my jacket, I ran to the window, but Darkness’ tail light was already disappearing up the mountain. I stomped out in search of Driftwood. “Why didn’t he wait for me? And how did he get so much money, anyway? He still owes me at least half a pizza for letting Sally Drears drip her strawberry shake all over my good jeans.”
“Not tonight, Vail,” Driftwood said, and held up a puzzle piece. “Want me to do the sky?”
“Not tonight, Driftwood,” I snarked back, and slammed into my bedroom, tossing my jacket against the wall. 
I stared out the window at the inky darkness. Nothing much twinkled on the mountain range known as the Horn, since electricity was for doing, not for looking. But in the distance, I could see a faint glimmer through the trees. There was always something doing at the Barakats. I pulled a face as I thought of Darkness’ mystery money. I knew he was saving for a new bike. But would he really get all tricked out to go buy a trail bike from the Barakats? Those boys were the definition of wild, and the only people who dressed up to visit were the girls from the Kitty Cat club in Ridgemont. 
I rested my chin against the cold glass, and huffed out an annoyed breath. The only other thing the Barakats were good for was weed or moonshine, but Darkness was too clever for that. 
He was always warning me off the Barakat boys and their evil deeds. They weren’t friends, exactly, but whereas our cabin ran off a generator half the year, the Barakats always seemed to have the best of things. The newest bikes and the best rifles, even when the rest of us were scraping under the sofa cushions for pennies. The one time I’d been inside their sprawling ranch home, I’d been shocked stupid by all the luxuries, including a television the size of a picture window and a hot-tub looking out over Mount Whitnor. They even had fairy lights on their back porch, the exact kind I was always nagging Driftwood to get for my room. I remember looking at Trey, the eldest Barakat, in a new light for a moment. They still dressed like a bunch of shaggy-haired dog turds, but they sure knew how to put a bit of sparkle into the Horn.
The next time I’d thought about those fairy lights, was when Trey had grabbed me after school. It had been about six months ago, and I’d started to notice he was hanging around more often. He had twin brothers in my grade, so maybe he was just giving them a ride. Or checking on his drug empire, since half the damn school reeked of Barakat weed. Either way, every time I turned around, there was Trey watching me with his eerie yellow eyes.
It made me jumpy. Not just the eyes, but the things I saw in them. My dad once said you couldn’t trust a man who never looked you in the eye. But I would have given up a month of free pizza to never have a window into Trey Barakat’s soul again.
But that day I’d had my head down, scuffing lines through the gravel while I’d chewed on my lip. I’d been stewing over a party I’d heard about, but didn’t get invited to, when he pushed me up behind the workshop, his hands caging me against the hot metal siding. 
“Nearly all grown up, my pretty V.” His wild, yellow gaze licked down my body, even though I was in my dusty jeans and one of Darkness’ old tees. “What you gonna do then?”
Kick your ass for looking at me like that. It’s what I wanted to say, but I didn’t need Darkness to tell me to steer clear of Trey’s temper. Instead, I’d told him the truth. That a popular kid was bragging about a party he was throwing while his folks were out of town. No Horners, which is what the townies called us from the mountain. Not unless I wanted to come in a bikini and serve shots between my tits.
I’d expected Trey to ogle my chest, like talking about it gave him a free pass, but instead his eyes had held mine. And something had shifted there. Like a film of oily black across that disturbing yellow. A scent had risen off him, sharp and tangy, and the hairs on my nape had stood on end. My fists had clenched, expecting some kind of explosion. But he’d just asked for the kid’s name, then got my trail bike for me from the rack. It was a beat-up, faded beast, but he knew it on sight, since it was one of his hand-me-downs.
And he was handsy, too, as he’d got me settled on the seat. “Next time you’re looking for a party, V, you just follow those pretty lights you like so much,” he’d said, and I’d tried not to pull a face. Partying with Trey, ‘the Devil of the Horn’, Barakat was a firm no, but that popular kid never had his party, and the townies never mentioned my tits again.
I stuck my head out the door. Driftwood was turning the puzzle piece between his fingers, and staring into space. “I’m reading in my room. Don’t wake me.”
“Are you reading or sleeping?”
I ignored him and bolted my door. They were both used to that, since all the nicest things in the cabin were in my room. Except now Darkness had a new belt buckle and was shining his shoes on a Friday night.
My bedroom was perfect for discrete exits. It looked up the back of the mountain, and I could step straight from my window to the raised edge of the veggie patch. Those damn fairy lights were taunting me, but I had to admit they were a good beacon in the dark. And all the dirt bike riding had carved a useful path between our houses. But my heart was still beating hard, my palms damp. I knew Darkness was most likely just playing video games and droning on about the bike he was going to buy, but I had to see. I had to know.
Or at least I thought I did, until I drew up outside the window to one of the Barakat bedrooms. I’d never been that far into their house, but that one room was always lit up, a lamp burning through the dark like a sleepy eye. I didn’t know who slept there. Again, I didn’t want to know. But they weren’t sleeping, anyway. 
I felt the air move around me, sharp hipbones at my back. I froze, just as Trey whispered in my ear, “You creeping up on me for a change, V?”
I shuddered. Both that he’d casually admit to stalking me, and at the feel of his body behind mine. Guys didn’t go for me; I’d worked that much out from my few fumbled attempts at flirting. It was painfully ironic that the one guy I wanted nothing to do with was pressing his groin to my spine, and every inch seemed delighted at the contact. He made a strange sound in the back of his throat, but I couldn’t tear my eyes from the window. 
“What you looking at, little V?” I tried to turn, but he caged me in, same as that day against the workshop wall. Only this time he bunched his knuckles and rapped on the window. The girl looked up first, and I saw she was older than I thought, but still beautiful. Wild blonde hair and long red nails, cutting grooves in Darkness’ sweat-sheened skin. “Hey, lovebirds,” Trey called. “You got an audience. Want me to invite her in?”
Darkness’ eyes slammed into mine. They were glossy, unfocused, but the sight of me standing there made them widen in horror. But he didn’t stop moving, his face clenching tight as the girl pursed her lips and blew me a kiss. Or maybe it was for Trey, who was chuckling darkly into the side of my neck. Ducking under his arm, I fled into the darkness, his amused voice calling after me, “Don’t be a stranger, little V.”


Chapter Two - VAIL

I waited for Darkness to come home that night, but it was dawn before I heard his bike come tut-tutting down the hill. I was on the back porch when he was near enough to see me, although his head refused to turn in my direction. His hair was mussed, and my fists clenched at the memory of those long red nails pulling on his curls. I wanted to scream a hundred questions at him, and give him the silent treatment at the same time. I settled for a face like spoiled milk. “I hope you showered! Bad enough you were at the Barakats, but you had to go rolling around in their sheets as well. You probably have fleas! Or a VD. Did you think about that, Dar?”
He got off his bike and looked up at me, dark circles carved under his eyes. “I used a rubber.” He paused, then gave me a small grin. “Three, in fact.”
“Got your money’s worth then,” I spat.
Something slid across his face, like he was about to tell me he was sorry. But instead, he just patted his pocket. “Charlene didn’t even charge me for the last time.”
I wanted to scream. Maybe I did. I knew I looked like a crazy person, yelling at my brother and kicking the porch rail. But he was my brother. He belonged to me, not Charlene with the long red nails. And the thought of her knowing something about him that I didn’t, made me want to rip that smirk off his tired face. “You look like shit,” I told him instead.
“And you sound like a jealous kid.” He stomped over to the porch steps, his jaw as hard as rocks. But I could see a mark on his neck, as bright as if he’d cut himself shaving. My stomach lurched as I realized it was a lovebite. “I’m not jealous, I feel like puking! Looking at you is giving me the heaves, Dar.”
“Just leave it, Vail.”
I felt something crumple in my chest. Darkness was looking at me like I was the worst pain in his ass, and clueless to boot. It was like my heart was disintegrating with every annoyed twitch of his face.
“I shouldn’t have followed you up there,” I mumbled.
“No shit. But you did. Just like you should stop talking about it now, but you won’t.”
I watched as he shoved his hair off his brow, his boots thumping up the porch steps. I noticed one was undone, the laces trailing behind. He was going to face-plant one of these days. Didn’t matter how many times I told him. I opened my mouth to say it again, and his shoulder hit mine. Another annoyed glance slid my way.
Something in me cracked. Maybe it was my heart, or just my temper. Wrenching on his arm, I pulling him back around towards me, then gave him a little push. His eyes flew open, wide with shock, and then his feet were stepping into air. I had one fleeting moment of satisfaction – he wasn’t going to ignore me now – before he grabbed my wrist and pulled me with him.
It wasn’t far to fall. Just six steps, but each one had a wooden edge, and there was hard-packed dirt waiting for us at the bottom. I was rammed tight against Darkness as we fell. I caught a glimpse of his panicked face. My brain was having a hard time accepting what I’d done. Had I really pushed him off the stairs to get him to look at me? What kind of lunatic did that?
Remorse flooded me, but when I tried to flip him round, he was having none of it. Strong arms clasped me tighter to his falling body, my head tucked under his chin. My stupid brother. Stubborn to the bitter end.
I came down hard on his chest, those newly-formed slabs of muscle knocking the wind out of me. But he took the full force of the ground – and my weight, too – his face going white with pain. “Fuck, V!” He managed to gasp, and all my anger and unease was blown away at his bewildered words.
“I’m sorry!” I sat up quickly, hugging my aching ribs. “Shit, are you okay, Dar? I didn’t mean to…”
But as I made to scurry back off him, his hand clamped down on my thigh. “Don’t move. Just… wait a minute.”
Even knocked to shit, I could feel the heat of his hand through my jeans, knew the shape of every pad of his fingers as they dug in. I had to be hurting him worse, sitting on him like this. His back would be throbbing, especially with the amount of gravel washed up in the last rains. Driftwood had told me to rake it, but I’d argued it was Darkness’ turn… Just like him, I was stubborn to the bitter end.
I studied his face, my fingers itching to smooth that flop of hair in front. Even knowing that woman had run her nails through it didn’t kill the urge. “Really?” I frowned down at him. “Aren’t I hurting you?”
His gaze darkened then, a look I felt right down to my winded belly. It made me squirm a little, and his other hand clasped my thigh. Instead of pushing me off, he pulled me forward an inch. Something hard rubbed against my jeans and he groaned.
I froze. I’d heard him make that sound last night. For a moment an image of his sweaty face was laid across the one below me, and I remembered the way he’d moved. The roll of his hips. The way his hands had clenched her shoulders, while her long red nails had dug grooves in his spine… Was he thinking about her now?
The thought made my sore belly flip and I pushed down on his arms, trying to wriggle out of his hold. But he just groaned again and slid his hands to my waist. “Fuck, you’re killing me, V,” he mumbled. “Why are you always right there?”
 I didn’t know if he meant last night, or every other day of his life since my dad died and left me here. I didn’t get a chance to ask, because his hand drifted to the back of my head, and he pulled me down for a kiss.
My first, or the first that mattered. This was the moment. The one we’d both been dancing around, I realized now. All those frowning looks and shoulder checks, those unnecessary touches and prying questions. We’d just been trying to work our way to this place, where Darkness’ lips were on mine. Both hot and soft. Familiar and strange. When his tongue slid across my seam, my hips jerked down, grinding against his. 
“Darkness!” Driftwood’s bark tore his son’s mouth away faster than a blow. And the look that bloomed in his eyes, it was worse than any sucker punch. Worse than the horror I’d seen through the window last night. Like it shamed him to have our kiss shining on his lips. To prove it, he rubbed the back of his hand over his mouth, and pushed me sideways, into the dirt. I was too quick to go sprawling, leaping to my feet and turning to Driftwood to explain.
But Darkness was thumping my shoulder again as he went past. His voice was thick with disgust as he stomped back up the stairs. “Shit, Vail. I told you to leave it alone! Can’t you get that through your thick head?”

***
Darkness disappeared up the mountain for the rest of the day, and didn’t come home that night. Or the next. By the third night, as I washed the dishes beside Driftwood, I asked if we shouldn’t go look for him.
“He’s fine, Vail. Just gone up to stay with Clayton’s boys for a few days.”
I scowled out the window at that. Clayton Barakat had spawned four devil sons, then gone feral, living buck naked in the far north, if the rumors were to be believed.  “I hate those boys,” I muttered, thrusting the plate at Driftwood to dry.
“They have their place, like everyone in the Horn.”
I snapped my glare his way. “You’re too nice, Driftwood. Trey Barakat is scum.”
Instead of arguing, a flash of pain touched Driftwood’s face and he stopped drying the plate in his hands. For a long moment he just stared out the window. It was too dark to see much, and our reflections were in the way. But he looked like he had all the problems of the universe on his shoulders. I tried to think of something to take the sting out of the air, but I kept seeing Darkness in my head. Not wrapped up in that woman he’d shined his boots for, but on the porch steps, his face twisted with disgust… 
“I’ve got you a place at a good school,” Driftwood said abruptly, breaking into my aching thoughts. “It’s an Academy for smart kids. They can help you, Vail, in a way I can’t anymore.”
Help me? I wasn’t the best student, but my grades were good enough, and the teachers never had to call him in like they did with other kids. “Wait a second. I don’t need a new school, Driftwood. We’re already a month and a half into the year. And you and Darkness help me fine.”
He placed the dish on the pile and turned to me. “It’s all arranged. You start classes on Wednesday.”
Wednesday? In two freaking days? “I can’t. I don’t want to.” When he just looked at me, I dropped the bowl into the sink with a thud. “What academy? I never heard of anything like that in Ridgemont.”
“It’s not in Ridgemont. It’s over near the Huntington Peaks.”
I snatched the bowl out of the suds and attacked it with the sponge. “The Peakers? Is it a cult school? That’s where you want to send me?”
“It’s not a cult. They just keep to themselves out that way.”
I dropped the bowl again, splashing the front of my shirt, but I didn’t care. My mind was whirling. “That’s pretty much the definition of a cult, Driftwood. And how am I meant to get there and back every day? It has to be eighty miles if the roads are good!”
“You won’t have to. It’s a live-in arrangement.”
My heart dropped into the sink, right alongside that slippery bowl. “A boarding school? No way!”
“It’s the best school in the area, and they’ve already accepted you.”
“You know I don’t care about school that much! And how will I get back to see you on weekends once the snows come? You know the buses won’t run past winter break.” My voice caught. He wasn’t expecting me to come back on weekends. I wasn’t just going away to school. I was going away, period. 
I bit hard on my lip, grabbing the edge of the sink to stop myself falling. “If this is because I kissed Darkness, I’m sorry. And I promise I won’t do it again.”
Driftwood suddenly dragged me in for a hug, soapy hands and all. I breathed in his pine scent, but for once I wasn’t comforted. “You did nothing wrong, Vail. This is just the way it needs to be now.”
I pushed back, leaving a soapy handprint on his shirt. “But I don’t want to go. Driftwood… Dad, please!”
“I’m sorry, Vail. But we’re just going to have to see this through.”



Chapter Three - VAIL 


Only Driftwood wasn’t my dad, and please wasn’t enough to change his mind. He might not have called this punishment, but I knew when you had to see something through, it wasn’t because life was handing you a prize. Not that I expected it to. But I’d never imagined that in just a couple of days I’d be leaving everything I’d ever known behind. Or I’d be traveling nearly a hundred miles to a school I’d never heard of.
Driftwood drove me down the mountain, every bump in his rusty truck forcing another little wedge in my aching soul. He didn’t hang around for goodbyes, just slung my duffel bag at some guy in a black uniform like he was the one being torn to bits. There was a moment where I thought he might snatch me back up and toss me in his rattletrap, but the driver opened the back door to his big, sleek car, and Driftwood was gone in a spray of gravel. Everything else was pretty much a blur until the car rounded the Gateway, a natural cliff face bordering the only road into the Huntington Reserve.
The Peaks rose up in the distance, sharp and gray. I’d never been this far east, since I wasn’t kidding when I called it cult lands. I’d kind of hoped that the mountains would talk to me, but there was nothing familiar about these jagged peaks. The Horn might have had its sharp edges, but this was something else. Dark forest covered all but the highest ridges and those poked into the sky like snapping teeth. I’d been feeling sick since I’d dragged myself out of bed; staring up at the Peaks’ vicious smile didn’t make me feel any better.
The driver pulled up to an iron gate set in a long stone wall. We’d been driving alongside it for a while, and I’d figured it was to mark some important part of the reserve, but now I had to wonder if it wasn’t some movie star’s house. Or maybe a mobster in hiding. Who else had a guardhouse and a front drive that curled into the distance as far as you could see?
“Welcome to Hunter Moon Academy, Miss Chance,” the driver said. It wasn’t lost on me the gate had clanked shut before he extended the greeting. “There is a school brochure in the pocket in front of you. In case you have any questions.”
Part of me wanted to snap at him. Like where the hell was I? And maybe next time offer your captive their reading material at the start of their long-ass journey. But fighting, as Driftwood liked to remind me, was a drain on your emotions. It ate up your passion and oxygen and hope. And I already felt about as hopeful as the roadkill wedged in the car’s wheels. 
A feeling that only grew as we rolled to a stop at the end of the drive. Hunter Moon Academy looked exactly like it sounded. A rich-kid prison that didn’t bother with pretty playing fields and inviting facades. Just a great pile of old stone rising from the forest like a forgotten tomb. No gargoyles, but lots of jutting spires to mimic the mountains behind. Pointed arches and copper plating had been added for atmosphere, and bars on the windows had been supplied for the inmates.
When my door popped open, I realized I’d been sitting unmoving, my eyes glued to the distant mountains. Cool air snaked in, and as I drew it into my lungs, all my sneering judgment felt like a hand around my throat. 
Shit. Driftwood was really punishing me. This wasn’t some kind of test. 
“It’s not so bad,” the driver murmured, looking up at the tomb. “Once you work out where you fit.”
I crinkled my brow at him, snatching the brochure from the pocket as I slid out. He had my duffel bag in hand, but when I reached for it, he didn’t protest. He just nodded in the direction of the steps, as if I might think the better option was sprinting for the tree line. “Thanks for the drive,” I said, because even if Driftwood had tossed me away, he’d drilled manners into me first.
A woman appeared at the top of the stairs. She was in a black skirt suit, with a severe gray bob and a downward tilting mouth. I was tempted to revise the gargoyle comment, but she nodded as I mounted the stairs. “Welcome to Hunter Moon Academy.” With a wave of her hand, she swept me through the double doors into a huge foyer. “I’m Mrs. Gladstone, the school’s principal. Did you just come with the one bag?”
My first thought was that the Academy’s founders liked their wood. The floors were more of that old stone from the front of the building, but the walls were paneled in a dark mahogany and exposed beams cross-crossed the soaring roof. A chandelier hung from the center, and what I assumed was the school emblem was etched into the stone floor below. A wolf’s head ringed by jagged peaks, in case I needed to study up on my symbolism.
I realized the woman was waiting for an answer. “Yes, just one bag. It was kind of last notice.”
“Indeed.” A single word, both chilly and ironic. She steered me across the middle of the emblem, towards an arched doorway. “Well, let’s make the best of it. You have our brochure, I see.”
“Yes, the driver gave it to me.” I glanced down at the document clenched in my hand, and saw dark rolling forests and snow-capped peaks. Not exactly welcoming, but better than a picture of the prison tomb. “But I don’t know much about the school…”
“To be expected,” she said in her clipped way, leading me down a long, empty hallway. “The semester started seven weeks ago, so there will be a lot for you to catch up on.” She stopped outside an impressive pair of double doors, more mahogany with brass studs punched into the front. “It will be a shock to the system, Miss Chance, but there’s no getting past that. So, we might as well get started, yes?”
Was that really a question? Even though it was only ten in the morning, I was tempted to ask if we could just take a day and kick it off tomorrow. But the principal wasn’t waiting for my consent. No doubt she’d spoken those same bracing words to plenty other reluctant inmates. So, I wasn’t really surprised when she pushed open the door and waved me inside. What did catch me off guard were the three guys seated in club chairs, staring at me like it was a recruitment office, and I shouldn’t have bothered applying.
“Alphasons Sawyer, Arras and Marshall. This is Miss Vail Chance. She’s missed the other orientation activities, but she’s just in time for your omega trial.” Without another word the principal shut the door behind me. Still clutching my duffel over my shoulder, I turned to look at the three boys.
“Well, well,” the dark-haired one drawled, as he studied something out the window. “Look what the cat dragged in.”
I knew all about hazing. It was a fancy word for making the new girl feel like crap. But anything these guys threw at me would pale compared to the way the Barakats ruled the Horn. “It was actually a pretty nice car,” I told him, then swallowed hard as his black eyes fixed on me. “But, whatever. I’m here. Ready for the omega trial.” Whatever the hell that is…
“Perfect timing,” the blond one smiled. He was fiddling with his phone, but he dropped it in the pocket of the blazer on the back of his chair, and sat up straight. It put him right in the line of the sunlight coming from the window and if there was ever a guy more deserving of a spotlight, I hadn’t met him yet. It turned his pale hair to molten gold, and licked over his tanned skin like a caress. But it was his ice-blue eyes that made my breath hitch. They should have been as cold as the mountains outlined in the window, but this guy was hot – from the tips of his gleaming blond hair to the scuffed boot tapping impatiently on the floor. “So, what do you know about us, Chance?”
I glanced at the last guy, not sure if it was a trick question. Did he mean the bars on the windows, or the rumors about Peakers being in a cult? The third guy certainly reinforced the prison image. Taller and broader than the other two, who were no slouches in their own right, he had a buzzed head and flat, brown eyes. “Nothing, really,” I said slowly. “I only found out about the transfer a couple days ago.”
“So, you’ve never been on our lands before?”
I swung my duffel bag off my shoulder, and let it land with a dull thud at my feet. “No. I’ve never really left the Horn, except one trip to Springvale.”
The three boys exchanged a look I couldn’t decipher. “You were born in the Horn?”
“No, but I moved there when I was young.” When the silence stretched, I huffed. “Does any of this really matter?”
The pretty blond scrunched up his brow. “You didn’t read the school brochure?”
I looked around for the glossy pamphlet, but shrugged when I realized I’d dropped it somewhere.
“Clueless and clawless,” the dark-haired guy muttered, but there wasn’t much bite to it. He was projecting so much boredom, I was surprised he hadn’t fallen asleep. He was certainly sprawled like he wanted to, his shirt untucked and his hands dangling over the edges of the chair. “Who’s gonna show her?”
I didn’t like the sound of that, but the blond guy was out of his seat, a cocky grin on his face. I couldn’t help looking him over. The school uniform didn’t seem to come with a tie, just a white button down, charcoal gray slacks and the dark green blazer slung over the chair. My eyes widened as he unbuttoned his shirt, then dropped his pants with a quick wink. “No peeking, green eyes.”
When his hands went to the band of his boxer briefs, I took a rapid step back. “What the fuck are you doing?”
I’d thrown a hand up over my eyes, and I didn’t see the third guy get out of his chair. One moment I was dragging my duffel by its worn strap, and the next he was behind me, blocking my path to the door. And the guy was huge. I stopped just short of bumping into him, but he still grabbed my shoulder and twisted me around anyway. “Hey! Get your hands off…”
My protest faded to a strangled gasp. Because not only was the blond as naked as the day he was born… but a pale mist rose from his body, only to be replaced a moment later by a huge, golden wolf.


Chapter Four - VAIL


“She really fainted? Fuck, that has to be a first.” Someone was laughing, and I wanted to kick them in the shins, but I couldn’t feel my feet. And it wasn’t the worst kind of laugh. If anything, it sounded happy, and there’d been short supply of that in my life lately…
I frowned, the dull ache in the back of my head making me wince. Why was I unhappy again? I cracked my eyes, settling on a framed picture of a mountain scene. For some reason it made me shiver, and my loopy brain took a moment to process the reaction. I wasn’t cold because of those gray, jagged peaks. I was covered in gooseflesh because I’d kissed my foster brother, and been sentenced to two years in a prison school. One that hid in the dark heart of those mountains on the wall. And on top of all that, I was hallucinating. Or had a head injury. Because the principal had handed me over to three hot guys to be hazed, and one of them had turned into a wolf…
I sat up so suddenly, the room spun. I would have scuttled backwards to the door, if I wasn’t caged in by a thigh the size of a felled tree. My wobbly gaze locked on the blond, who had his pants back on but was shirtless. “You’re a werewolf?”
A rumbling sound came from the guy at my back. “Drop the were. It’s plain wolf.”
The blond crouched down in front of me. “Or shifter. And there’s nothing plain about my wolf,” he mocked, giving me another of his cocky grins. “Best way to break it to you, is an up-close look at the goods. Wolves exist. This school belongs to the Hunter Moon Pack. And you’re here because someone thinks you have a wolf inside you, too.”
The guy behind me grunted. “I can’t sense it. She has to be a major dud.”
“Keep it for the official meet, Reed.” The blond held out a hand to pull me to my feet, then paused. “Are you gonna scream or puke? You look kind of pale.”
“I don’t know,” I muttered, but made no move to take his hand. “Werewolves are real? That wasn’t some trick?”
He rolled his eyes at me. “Shifters, or just wolves. Don’t you chicks eat this stuff up on Netflix?”
I blinked at him. I’d heard of Netflix, of course, but it was still the reign of DVDs in my part of the Horn. And while I liked thrillers, there was nothing thrilling about seeing a naked guy turn into a werewolf. Or finding out you might have one inside you, too. That was a straight-up horror movie.
“I don’t know,” I said again. “I’ve seen wolves in the wild. They don’t grow that big. Or that color.”
The blond preened, even though I hadn’t meant it as a compliment. Instead of extending his hand again, he hooked me under the elbows to pull me off the floor. It was the wrong thing to do, especially so soon after showing me what lurked under his pretty skin.
I kicked him hard in the shins, breaking free of his hold and leaping over the other guy for the door. I heard the blond hissing and cussing, but it was the big guy who scooped me up and tossed me over a granite shoulder. “Enough with the drama.” His arm pressed against my thrashing legs until the bones ached. “You’re packless, so it has to be a shock. But that ends now.”
“Packless, clawless and clueless,” the dark-haired guy said. “The dud trifecta.”
“We’ve wasted enough time,” the big guy said, heading for the door. “Let’s get on with the meet. The other duds can sort her out if she’s got questions.” 
Like it was a possibility I wouldn’t? Even with the blood rushing to my aching head, I knew I wasn’t the one with the problem here. Boy-wolves might have been real, but they had nothing to do with me. I lived in the sane mountain range, not the crazy cult one. I didn’t have to believe any of this, because as soon as the welcome committee got distracted, I was slinking out a side door and taking my furless ass home.
 Stepping out into the hallway, the big guy lugged me in the opposite direction to the foyer, and I lifted my head to keep an eye on the other two. The blond had my duffel over his shoulder, but was scowling at me now. The dark-haired guy was further back, and he raised an eyebrow at me. It wasn’t a nice look, and I squirmed, but the big guy swung me down onto my feet. “Walk in or I carry you in. The bullshit stops here.”
I just blinked at him, too overwhelmed to reply. Taking my silence as agreement, he pushed the door open and I stumbled into the room. The blond wolf-boy tossed my duffel at my feet, but I was distracted by the twenty girls staring at me. They were standing in four neat rows, all wearing white shirts and cream skirts with dark green stripes.
I glanced at the door, but the blond caught me looking and jerked his head towards the back row. Now was not the time to push it, I decided, so I shuffled in the general direction, and watched as all three guys strolled to the front of the room. More club chairs were waiting for them, this time on a dais. I wanted to roll my eyes when ‘thrones’ popped into my head, but they hurt too much. As if the image of that golden wolf had caused my retinas actual damage.
Werewolves were real. And they looked like a schoolgirl’s wet dream.
I shook the thought away as the big guy with the buzzcut stared back at us, his hands clasped in the small of his back. “You’re here because of your weak pack ties or your failure to shift. Some of you have been through this before, but for others, this is new.” He glanced in my direction, but his look was blank, as if he hadn’t just manhandled me down the corridor. “As an Unclassified Student, you have fewer rights at this school. You are lower than the lowest-ranking pack member, and this translates to the food you eat, the classes you take, and the bunk you’re assigned. It’s in your interests to connect with your wolf. For some of you, the assistance of your pack will lure your wolf out. For others, your wolf is only partially formed. This means you’ll never have the power to shift. In pack terms, this is known as a suppression. But at the Academy, wolfless pack members are called duds.”
He paused, his gaze still expressionless, but the message was clear. Even if the girls around me managed to harness their wolfie gene, most of them would remain duds in his eyes. The lowest of the low.
“If you’re still categorized as a dud at graduation, you will be placed in service to a den,” he went on. “Where you end up, and what you do in that service, depends on how you perform while at Hunter Moon Academy.”
Some of the girls shuffled their feet, but they all kept their heads down, their shoulders curled. When I realized my own posture was just as cowed, I stood up a little straighter. It earned me another glance from buzzcut, but his expression was a blank as he said, “Today, we start working out where you fit. Kneel, and those of you with your hair down, get it up off your necks.”
His voice was as impassive as his face, so I wondered if I’d heard him right. But no one argued – or even looked surprised - everyone shuffling around until there was room to kneel. A few girls pulled elastics from their pockets, while others quickly braided their hair. I’d barely brushed my ponytail in days, so I just got onto my knees with a sigh. The humiliation was immediate, but plenty of girls were gazing up at the dais with hope in their eyes. Buzzcut had just implied they were going to work as maids for these jackasses. Did they have no self-respect? Or did they just figure with the amount of floor scrubbing in their future, they might as well start toughening up their knees?
When we were all settled, the other two boys started to circle the group. The blond guy was smiling again, even nodding at a couple of girls whose faces erupted in pretty blushes. The dark-haired guy looked more like a shark on the scent of blood, and I kept my eye on him as buzzcut said, “There are two ways to determine your status in a pack. Smell and taste. One sniff and a wolf can determine your pack. If it’s an alpha who’s scenting you, they immediately know every member of your bloodline. They also know where you fall in the hierarchy of wolves. You’ll learn more about pack structure in your classes, but for today’s lesson, the focus is on omegas. Do you know where they are positioned?”
A pretty redhead in the front row raised her hand. “The bottom?”
Scattered giggles greeted her breathy answer, but buzzcut just gave her a nod. “Omegas have the weakest scent of any wolf. They can be hard to categorize, which is partially why they can be mistaken for duds.” The girls stirred, glancing at each other. This, I realized, was the straw they were clutching at. That they were omegas, not duds. “Omegas play an important part in pack life,” buzzcut added. “They may be the weakest wolves, but they tend to be loyal, obedient and dedicated caregivers.”
 “Which makes for very attractive mates,” the blond added with a grin that was the definition of wolfish. 
The girls all giggled at this, their faces suddenly bright with excitement. I couldn’t help my own frown of distaste. Were they really getting all worked up about being told they were potential mates to some macho wolf? Who, if they’d missed the underlying message, was only interested in a meek little mouse? 
A girl near the front raised her hand. She was beautiful in the way of a delicate flower, with pale hair and dewy eyes. I thought she was young, maybe a freshman, and her hands were twisted in a knot as she stared up at buzzcut. The blond zeroed in on her like a bee on a pollen-collecting mission. “You mentioned taste,” she murmured. “Can an alpha really… taste who you are?”
I hoped my cringe was hidden by the wall of girls in front of me. I could hear the satisfaction in the blond guy’s voice as he replied, “Sure, he can. Sometimes it just takes a lick and we know exactly what you are.”
The girl next to me sighed so loudly I winced, but she wasn’t the only one taken by his answer. The vibe in the room had definitely heated up a notch, and I lifted my gaze to look at the blond. Yes, he was a beautiful as I’d thought at first glance. Lean, with an almost luminous skin tone, and eyes the color of an alpine stream. Along with his looks, he had a kind of energy that sizzled off him. Dangerous, but enticing, as if his crooked smile and gleaming gaze could show you things you’d only read about in books. 
Lucky for me, I had never really been much of a reader. 
And I’d seen firsthand the hairy beast that hid under his good looks and smooth smile. I might have just met my first werewolf, but a girl in a red cape, I was most definitely not.


Chapter Five - VAIL


The dark-haired guy stepped towards us. Whereas the blond had heated things up, this alpha made us all shrink back onto our heels. Every head immediately dipped, and I was relieved to find it wasn’t just me who couldn’t meet his black gaze. “Don’t move. Don’t speak. If I tap you on the shoulder, go and sit in front of Reed.” He gestured towards buzzcut. We held our collective breath as he sauntered to the front row and leaned over the girl on the end, breathing in deeply. She noticeably shuddered under his attention, and when he tapped her on the shoulder, she scrambled to obey. His face, by contrast, was borderline indifferent. He did the same breathing thing again – scenting, they’d called it – tapping all but two girls from the first row. 
The girls who hadn’t been chosen drooped over their knees, their heads lowered until I could barely see their profiles. A small fire burned in my belly. These girls were obviously desperate to be omegas. Did he have to do it like this, labeling them duds in front of everyone? In true asshole form, he didn’t glance back at the girls he passed over, while the others scurried to huddle at Reed’s feet. Both buzzcut and the blond watched impassively as he moved to the final row.
My row. I was the second from the end and I had to take small, quick breaths to fight a wave of dizziness as he approached. It wasn’t just his presence, I realized as he got closer. There was a heat radiating off him, that tasted like pepper on my tongue. I knew it wasn’t real – not unless he was part-skunk – but the back of my brain refused to accept it. I knew this feeling, of predator and prey. But when it came to hunting, I’d always been the one doing the stalking. Usually with a hefty weapon on my shoulder. Move! My primal brain was trying to override my limbs, but I clenched my fists and waited until he was right in front of me.
I was staring at his pants. Not charcoal school trousers, like the others, but an old kind of leather. The material was so worn, it clung to his thighs like an extra layer of skin. A button on his white shirt was undone, and I caught sight of dark hair just above his belt. Dark hair against skin the color of caramel… I wanted to be as indifferent as he looked, but something caught in my throat.
My breath. 
I was panting. 
The air squeezing in my lungs over some guy’s happy trail…
“You sure you’re a wolf, Vail Chance?” When I glanced up, there was a cruel edge to his smirk. “I think maybe you’ve wandered onto the wrong mountain.”
I shrugged, hoping he hadn’t seen me ogling him. “I think you’re right. None of this makes sense.”
He drew back a little. “Chance definitely isn’t a wolf’s name. I’d say you have… zero to no chance of fitting in here.”
Rather than telling him I didn’t care – in fact, fine by me, where’s the nearest bus station? - I lifted a shoulder, but he was already leaning over me, breathing in. That pepper smell was suddenly a thousand times stronger, the burning on my tongue hot enough to make me wince. His hipbone brushed my shoulder, and I felt a finger on my neck, pressing against my roaring pulse. That inner voice, the one telling me to jump up and run, beat against my ears, even as his finger held me still. When it finally moved, I thought it was over, but instead it slid down my neck towards my neglected ponytail. I had a moment to shrink in horror at the thought of him sniffing my matted tresses, but he just hooked it around his finger. “You smell like… nothing, Vail Chance.”
I couldn’t stop the blush. His hipbone was still pressing on my shoulder, his finger tangled in my hair. I was staring right at his groin, which was covered in that soft leather as thin as tissue. And not up to the challenge of what was growing and straining behind his zipper. He might have thought I was nothing special, but I could see the shape of his arousal and it was huge. I gulped, more of that peppery musk invading my throat. But just when I thought I was going to melt into a puddle – or worse, reach out and touch him – he tapped me on the shoulder.
By contrast, it was an underwhelming touch. Without another glance he passed onto the last girl, who was so pale she looked on the verge of collapse. I still hadn’t moved when he finished his quick inspection of her. He frowned, those black eyes cold. “Over to Reed,” he told me, and it took every bit of my will not to scurry to obey him. Instead, I rose slowly, as if I was the one doing the stalking, and joined the others. Buzzcut barely gave me a glance as I sat on the outer rim of chosen girls.
So, I was a wolf…even though I smelled like nothing.
Vail Chance, a wolf? I stared at my hands, as tanned and worn as usual, with scars on my knuckles and calluses on the palms. I hadn’t really looked at the blond in his other form, since I was too busy fainting, but I’d tracked a wild wolf once. They were pretty much extinct in the Horn, but there was still the occasional lone wolf crossing the mountains ahead of a bad winter. A couple years ago, Driftwood and I had tracked one for hours before we found it bleeding in a trap near the Barakat property. I stared at my hands now, wondering if they really could turn into wolf hands. Or paws, if this wasn’t new girl hazing on a spectacular level.
I was an omega wolf. Which wasn’t great, according to Reed’s description. Loyal, obedient, and dedicated, but all wrapped up in a weak wolf. 
Something turned in my belly at that word. 
One thing I knew about myself, I wasn’t weak. My options might have been limited, but becoming some doormat to a horny wolf wasn’t part of my future. A thought that made me look for the blond. I kind of expected him to be salivating over us, but he’d drifted towards the girls still kneeling in the middle of the room. Eight in total, and all shapes and sizes. But each of them wore the same air of rejection, their shoulders round, their heads so low they almost touched the ground… 
Not broken, so much as submissive. Looking back at the blond, I couldn’t miss the heat in his eyes. 
The heat of a male looking at his prospective mates.
“We’re the duds,” I murmured, a moment before the dark-haired guy told the kneeling girls to rise. “Welcome to the pack, Omegas. Your ascension will be officially recognized at the next pack gathering. But if anyone asks, you can tell them you’re an omega, and were scented by Callum Sawyer.”
The eight girls blinked, excitement and relief dawning on their pretty faces. Even though they all looked different physically, they were clearly of a type. I noticed the flower-like girl among them, and wasn’t surprised. Hell, if I was a horny wolf, she’d be my pick, too. 
“Jasper will take you to your new dorm,” Callum Sawyer told the omegas. “Your belongings will be shifted later today.” 
The blond immediately herded them out of the room, purring, “That will be my pleasure, ladies.”
The mood they left behind was decidedly dejected. Twelve of us remained, and we stared around at each other, as if looking for some common trait that marked us as duds. But the two remaining alphas didn’t give us time to brood. We were organized into another line and shuffled forward, towards a table with an old-fashioned inkpot. I looked up into buzzcut’s cool, brown eyes. “What’s this for?”
“Which is your dominant hand?” Reed asked, and I held up my left. Taking it in his enormous one, he turned it over and ran his thumb across my scarred knuckles. It tickled, awareness prickling on my palm. But before I could jerk away, he dipped a thin stick in the inkpot and began drawing on the back of my hand. I was so surprised, I didn’t move until he’d outlined a paw print. It was simple, but perfectly drawn, and I was torn between wanting to scrub it off, and never wash my hand again. “What does it mean?”
“Oh, I love this part,” a girl said behind me, and I turned to see a strawberry blonde with a perfect hourglass figure strutting into the room. She was wearing tailored jeans over high heels, and the school blazer over a white shirt. Her gaze ran over us, equal parts amusement and satisfaction in her smile. “Twelve, is it, Cal? That means you got us eight new Omegas. Well done.”
The dark-haired alpha had taken out his cell and was scrolling through something. He didn’t even glance up as he said, “Jasper is showing them to their new dorm.”
“I just bet he is.” There was a brittle edge to the girl’s voice, her gait tight as she strode towards us. My hand was still in Reed’s and she stopped at my side, inspecting me with the same concentration Driftwood gave to a new horse someone had asked him to break. “You look strong. Where are you from, dud?”
I swallowed at the easy way the ugly word tripped off her tongue. “North of Ridgemont.”
She studied me for a moment, then gave a burst of tinkling laughter. “Does anything actually exist north of Ridgemont? I thought that was the dark side of the moon.”
I studied her for a beat. “Well, sunlight actually falls equally on both hemispheres of the moon. You just can’t see it.”
Reed’s thumb dug into the fleshy part of my palm, but the girl’s gaze was suddenly icy. “Thanks for the astronomy lesson, dud. Seems they grown them smart in the dark.” She gave Reed a smooth smile. “Unfortunately, smart duds can be a problem. Mouthiness and menial labor don’t tend to mix. Think you can work that out of her, Alpha?”
There was a challenge in her words, but Reed just lifted one of his massive shoulders. “Mold or mangle. You know it’s all the same to me, Pearl.”
The blonde smiled and humming, swung over towards Callum. Reed’s thumb was still digging into my palm and I pulled back, until he finally let me go. I frowned at him. “I suggest you don’t mangle my hand, if you expect me to work for you one day.”
His lips thinned, those brown eyes narrowing slightly. “Maybe I was talking about your mouth, Vail Chance.”
***
It was a somber crew that returned to what they called the Dud Dorm. I barely noticed. Everything was playing through my mind in a jittery loop. From seeing the blond – Jasper – transform into a wolf, to thinking I was an omega, to having buzzcut tell me he planned to mangle my mouth. The warning was clear. Powerful wolves ruled, and duds did as they were told. A painful message that was all mixed up in the scenting from the other alpha, Callum Sawyer. His name was as engraved on my shocky brain as the wolf print on the back of my hand. As for the sight of his erection in those leather pants…I wouldn’t be forgetting that any time soon. 
Not that I was naïve enough to think it was a sign of his interest in me. Before he’d even scented me, he’d straight up said I was the ultimate dud – packless, clawless, and clueless. Still, I’d been interesting enough to grab the attention of at least one part of his body.
 Or maybe that was from the scent of all those pretty, little omegas…
I pulled a face as I flopped down on the hard, metal bed. As the only one who’d started the semester late, I was assigned the bottom bunk next to the door, and more than a few springs poked through the lumpy mattress. There were eight beds in the room, with four dressers between them, and one small grimy window that looked out onto another wall. Just as Reed had promised, our accommodation was as appealing as our status in the school.
Although, they’d be waiting a long time before I complained about a lumpy bed and lack of a view. Driftwood had always done right by me, but there hadn’t been much room for softness in the Horn. Caring, yes, but not coddling. It made me think of Reed’s words – mold or mangle. I may have been clueless when it came to the world of shifter wolves, but I got the gist of the threat. They were going to mold me into a suitable dud, ready to serve my pack betters, or they were going to mangle me in ways I probably couldn’t even imagine.
I rolled until my back was to the room, then carefully took a photograph out of my jeans’ pocket. Driftwood hadn’t seen me take it from the frame in the living room, but when Darkness hadn’t come back from the Barakats to see me off, I’d had to take some part of him with me. It was a group shot, which unfortunately included Trey Barakat grinning like the devil incarnate, but Darkness was at the center of the picture. Mud-splattered and wind-swept from a trail bike ride, his face was lit up with so much happiness it made my chest ache. This was how I wanted to remember him. As the opposite of his name, and gazing at me like I was the furthest thing from a homeless, unwanted dud. 



Chapter Six - VAIL


The other girls in my dorm were still asleep when I woke the next morning. I quietly unpacked my few things and picked up the welcome pack left on my bed. There was a standard cover letter, a list of rules printed on a small card, and a handbook thick enough to make me groan. Deciding that the small card had the necessary highlights, I clicked on my flashlight and read: 
1.Academy staff set the rules and protocols on campus, irrespective of pack hierarchy
2.Pack hierarchy applies in the absence of Academy staff direction
3.Pack law applies in all other situations
I read it through twice, and had to bite back a groan. That was about as useful as a third armpit. 
Picking up the handbook, I leafed through the pages, then flicked to the index. My gaze ran over a bunch of unfamiliar words and I closed it with a thud. It made the girl on my top bunk sigh, and she stuck her head over the edge. “Don’t tell me you’re a morning person.”
I lifted my brows at her. “I’d happily sleep through the next twelve hours if I could.”
Her lips quirked, then she sighed again and pushed her hair behind her ear. “You got your uniform?” When I shook my head, she said, “There’s a mandatory white shirt in the dresser. Those with money get the blazer, but what that really means is Classified Students only. They’ll give you a sweater when it gets colder - maybe. The tiny skirt is widely encouraged by the males, even in the dead of winter, but you’re actually allowed to wear jeans or tailored pants. Footwear optional, except for gym.”
I nodded, realizing I’d seen variations of the uniform yesterday. Jeans were my go-to and a white shirt wasn’t too bad. At least there wasn’t a pair of black leather pants waiting for me in the dresser. And no tie. I wasn’t sure why, unless wolves thought it was too much like a collar and leash.
Woof.
The girl slid off the top bunk as I pulled off my sleep shorts and tank and began dressing. There was a small bathroom attached to the dorm and I’d taken a quick shower the night before, so I didn’t feel like having another. Besides, I had it on alpha authority I smelled like… nothing. 
“I’m Linda,” she said, as she began braiding her long brown hair with quick fingers. She was short and stocky, with flawless caramel skin and dark eyes that looked me over carefully. “So, what did you think of the annual alpha sniff test? That was your first one, right?”
“Yeah, my first. I didn’t grow up around here.”
“No kidding,” she snorted, and began pulling on a pleated skirt with green stripes. “I’m Sawyer pack. My alphason is the dark-haired guy, Callum. It’s my senior year, so I’ve been through the test four times, even though I’ve known I was a dud since middle school.” She gave a tired shrug. “There are worse packs to service, though.”
Worse than the guy in leather pants whose snarky gaze had burned a hole in my face? I gave her a sympathetic look, but I sensed pity wasn’t something she would welcome. Still, I tried to imagine going through high school knowing you were only going to end up at the bottom of the pack. And playing bitch to someone like Callum Sawyer. Talk about demotivating. 
“Well, at least you have a pack. I didn’t even know werewolves existed before yesterday.”
“Just wolves. Or shifters,” she said as she pulled on a pair of knee-high cream socks that were so sheer, I could see her tanned skin through them. How they were supposed to protect her from the cold was a mystery. “You probably need to think about changing that by the way. I mean, find yourself a pack, even if it is just temporary.”
I paused as I pulled my hair into a fresh ponytail. My shower had been quick last night, but I’d caved and used some of the shampoo Driftwood had given me for my last birthday. “I wouldn’t even know where to start,” I told her honestly. 
 Linda was watching me struggle with the thick, wavy locks that refused to submit to my hair tie, and snorted. “Don’t worry. They’ll be only too happy to help you with that.”
She left right after delivering that bit of unhelpful wisdom. I checked my backpack for my pens and notebooks, then decided my stomach deserved some attention. Driftwood always said if you get lost in the woods, the best thing was to follow your nose. I figured that had to apply to a shifter school as well, and quickly found my way to a small breakroom. A group of girls were sitting over Cheerios and Pop Tarts and I recognized a few of them from last night’s reject pile. No wonder they were staring into their cereal bowls like it was their last meal. 
I grabbed a banana from the counter and looked at the schedule printout that had come with my welcome pack. First period was something called BGY-FISH. I ran increasingly bizarre guesses through my head, before showing it to the nearest girl who looked like an upperclassman.
“That’s Biology with Miss Fisher,” she told me, a small smile playing over her lips. “Enjoy.”
I gave her an equally insincere smile, and decided I wasn’t going to ask for help finding the classroom. The school wasn’t that big – Ridgemont had been the only one in the district, and I’d managed to find my way around eventually. As far as I could tell, the academy was split into two wings. On the right were the offices and conference rooms like we’d been in last night, with half the dorm rooms on the upper levels. To the left were the classrooms, with the rest of the dorms above, including my own. There was a stairwell on either side of the building and I supposed there had to be a connecting hallway, but I couldn’t see it. Not that I wanted to go exploring. As far as I was concerned, there were no good surprises at Hunter Moon Academy.
I finally found the right classroom on the second floor. The door was open and I peeked inside to see a bunch of younger kids already sitting in the dozen desks. There was one empty seat near the front, but I paused, watching the teacher rifle through papers on her desk. She was a clone of the principal, with a sharp bob and narrow jaw, although her suit skirt was paired with a white shirt similar to my own. She looked up and frowned when she saw me lingering in the doorway. 
“Don’t hover, Miss Chance. You’re already on the back foot, missing so much of the first semester.” She pointed to the empty desk, and I walked over to it reluctantly. I was definitely the oldest in the room by at least a couple years. The teacher I took to be Miss Fisher looked at the rest of the class. “Miss Chance is joining us from a non-pack school. Given her lack of experience with wolves, we’ve decided to put her in this freshman class. She has a lot of catching up to do.” 
I slunk into my seat, feeling a dozen pairs of eyes grinning at my discomfort. She held up a square of paper and looked down at me. “Alphason Sawyer has also sent me a note. You’re Unclassified, is that correct?” I sank lower in my seat, but nodded. “Well, I suppose you’ll just need the basics, then.”
This pronouncement was met with a wave of giggles and guffaws. I caught the guy in the seat next to me staring at my boobs in a way that made me itch to check my buttons, but instead I gave him a death glare. He might have had a wolf under his skin, but it was a pup at best. And dud or not, I was more than capable of kicking his furry butt.
Before things could escalate, the teacher turned and wrote on the board – Canidae. I was pretty sure it meant dog, but kept my mouth shut as she drew four lines out from the word. “Yesterday we began discussing the biological family, the Canidae. We covered the three recorded subfamilies, of which two are extinct – the Borophaginae and Hesperocyoninae.” She added the words to the board and my brain hurt just looking at them. “The third is the Caninae, known as canines, which includes domestic dogs, coyotes and wolves.” She tapped her pen against the fourth line. “The focus of this class is on the fourth and unrecorded subfamily. Except of course, within pack lore.” She raised a brow in my direction, but I just shrugged. “Canisille. Loosely translated from man-wolf. Our biology surpasses any ability the other subfamilies have achieved. Or that humans can comprehend, for that matter.”
Her gaze flicked my way again and I got that sinking feeling in my stomach when a teacher disliked me on sight. Usually, it was when they worked out how far into the Horn I lived, as if altitude and trouble went hand in hand. But all Miss Fisher knew about me was written on that card Callum Sawyer had gone out of his way to provide.
I stewed on that while I copied the words from the board into my notebook. She’d said man-wolf, not man-dog, but I wasn’t about to ask for clarification. She was rambling on about the differences between families, subfamilies and genus, but I tuned her out until the door opened and she transformed before my eyes. Not into a wolf, which would have probably brought my banana back up, but into a smiling, simpering schoolgirl.
It was the only way I could describe her reaction to the two students who strolled into the room. Jasper Arras I knew on sight. He was in black jeans and a white button down and the same scuffed boots he’d been wearing yesterday. The strawberry-blond behind him was also familiar, but I only knew her by the endearment Reed had used at the sniff session – Pearl. She was dressed in her dark green blazer again, with a pair of skinny black jeans and pumps. I had to admit she looked like a hard, expensive gem. 
“Alphason Arras,” the teacher cooed, “and Miss Pearl LaRue. It’s an honor to have you both join us!”
“When Jasper told me he was coming to talk to the class, I just had to tag along.” The blonde – Pearl LaRue – clutched his arm and I sunk a little further into my seat. A bit pointless since I was sitting in the front row and heads and shoulders taller than anyone else in the class. Pearl decided to drive the point home by looking at me with exaggerated surprise. “Chance, aren’t you a junior?” She covered her mouth with a small cough. “Are you… intellectually challenged?”
I gave her a bat of my eyelashes. “I was in advanced classes in the real world. You know, the one where good grades lead to Ivy League colleges?”
It was a fib; I was a C student on a good day, but I was hoping she hadn’t seen a copy of my transcript. My small retaliation was pointless, though, as she gave a trilling laugh, and my classmates grinned along. “Oh, Chance. Even if that was true, Unclassified Students don’t go to college.” She looked at Miss Fisher as if I’d suggested I wanted to train for the next Olympics. “What would be the point?”
“Yes, well.” The teacher looked uncomfortable for a moment, then gestured to Jasper. “The Alphason has volunteered to show us the difference between the forefoot of the Canid and the Canisille. Miss LaRue, will you also be participating in this demonstration?”
“It would be my pleasure,” Pearl said, and began removing her blazer. The girl next to me was out of her chair in a flash, taking the garment and carefully hanging it over the back of her own chair. But my attention was drawn back to the front of the room when Jasper began peeling off his shirt. I’d seen him do the same thing yesterday – and it should have been old news – but that was a bit like saying when you’ve seen one sunrise, you’ve seen them all.
No one else seemed surprised a student was stripping off. Knowing my cheeks were red, I bit my lip and turned my attention to Pearl, who was rolling up her shirt sleeve. A few of the boys in the class looked crestfallen she didn’t follow Jasper’s lead, but I was eternally thankful. As soon as they were ready, Miss Fisher said, “It takes a great deal of control to perform a partial shift. Please give the Arras alphas your attention while they demonstrate.” 
I sat up straighter, interested despite myself. Side-by-side, Jasper and Pearl looked like a pair of teenage models, all smooth skin and blond hair. I’d always thought Darkness was about as attractive as a person could be, but in any world these two would have been recognized as perfect examples of their species. I wanted to roll my eyes at them, but I was distracted as pale fur sprouted from their elbows to their wrists, their hands suddenly replaced by large, five-toed paws. 
Miss Fisher clicked a button on her laptop and a picture of another paw was projected onto the board. “This is a typical wolf paw. You will notice it also has five toes on each forefoot, but the fifth, like the human thumb, has regressed. It is found on the middle of the foot and is known as the dew claw.” She looked expectantly at the two wolf-limbed students. “Perhaps you could demonstrate the blood claw?”
They both nodded, and a long, wickedly-curved claw extended from their middle toes. Or fingers. I had a sinking feeling even freshman Biology might have been beyond me. Miss Fisher simpered in Jasper’s direction. “Alphason, might you explain how the blood claw is most commonly used?”
“Sure,” Jasper said, holding his paw up and walking towards the front row. I thought I was about to get an up-close look at his middle digit, but he stepped past me and proceeded towards the back, explaining as he went. “The blood claw is most commonly used in the Alpha challenge. This is because a pack bond can only be severed by a killing blow from a blood claw.” He turned and began back up the aisle. “It’s also used by an alpha to place a claim on another wolf. The claw secretes a small amount of an acidic liquid that burn the skin. It’s fairly painless, but it marks the wolf as claimed, and ensures all other wolves can scent the alpha’s bond.”
He’d reached my side, and I couldn’t hide my unease as I looked at the claw. It was the size of a large fishing hook – if you were trying to reel in a shark – and I could just imagine it severing a jugular, or scarring up the wrist of some poor weaker wolf. Jasper’s smile was just as wicked as he added, “The other ways we use it aren’t very scientific, so you won’t find them in your textbooks.”
The teacher cleared her throat. “Thank you for the demonstration, Alphason. Is there anyone in the class who’d like to try summoning their forefoot?”
Hands popped up all over the room, but when the teacher chose the biggest guy in the room next to Jasper, no one looked surprised. He bounded out of his chair, stripping off his shirt before he’d reached the front. I tried not to ogle – he was a freshman for Pete’s sake - but that didn’t stop him from being a very nicely-formed pup. While the boy strained and sweated over his wolf paw, Jasper crouched down beside my desk. “Hello, pretty wolf.” His gaze swept over my ponytail, before running down the side of my face, to where my pulse was hammering in the v of my shirt. He leaned closer, his icy eyes dancing as he whispered, “Don’t you wanna come out and play?”
I rolled my eyes at him. “Does that line ever work? Next thing you’ll tell me you’ll huff and puff and blow me away.”
He gave a bark of laughter. “Is that what you think I am? Big and bad?”
I flushed and fiddled with my pencil case. He followed my gaze, then pressed his blood claw to the wolf print inked on the back of my hand. I froze, the sensation of that cold, sharp pressure making my heart race. “What’s really under that veil, pretty wolf?”
I glared at him, pulling my hand away and shoving it under my desk. “I’m not hiding.” I ground my teeth when I realized that was exactly what I was doing, and slapped my hand back on my notebook. I stared at the words I’d copied from the board. “Wolves aren’t the only predators in the wild, you know. Maybe I’m a bear.” 
He tilted his head, those blue eyes dancing. “You’re definitely some kind of wild.”
I scoffed, even if the statement pulled at something in my belly. “I’m just saying, the Horn isn’t exactly an easy place to grow up, but I survived just fine. Without having a blood claw.”
He studied me for a moment. “I bet you did. But it’s on us you had to.” He touched the back of my hand again. His paw was gone, his fingers long and brown, with strong, square nails. It was just a tap, but I felt it down to my toes. “You want to learn what pack means beyond your textbook, come find me, pretty wolf.”
He stood and strolled up to the teacher, whipping his shirt off the desk. Pearl was watching me with narrowed eyes and she snapped something at Jasper as she grabbed her blazer off the hovering student. Her helper didn’t get so much as a thank you, but the freshman almost skipped back to her desk, her eyes as big as moons. “Alphason Arras touched you, and Pearl LaRue just insulted you,” she informed me with a sigh. “Did you ever dream your first day would be this cool?”
 


Chapter Seven - VAIL


Cool was a good word for it, since the rest of the day’s classes passed in a blur of chilly looks and sly whispers. I wasn’t sure what I’d done to piss off half the student body, but I figured it had something to do with the wolf print on my hand. I made it through the rest of the morning okay, since it was an English class, and not even the Academy could give Shakespeare a wolfy spin. 
Lunch was a bag of pretzels and a soda I grabbed from a vending machine. I wasn’t sure where the cafeteria was, and my nose didn’t prove up to the job of sniffing it out. I could have asked someone, but the strange looks were starting to get to me. It was just easier to take my small snack outside and sit in the brisk autumn air under a tree. No one came looking for me, which was probably just as well. The pretzels kept getting stuck in my tight throat and I was wearing a hole in the picture of Darkness, which I took from my pocket more often than I liked to admit. 
I ached with the need to talk to him. Not just to see if he was home, and if he’d forgiven me, but purely to hear his voice. When had I ever gone this long without some kind of snarky comment or gurgled laugh ringing in my ear? Darkness had always been a blabbermouth, something that drove me up the wall when we were snowed in. I was naturally quiet, and Driftwood could go for days surviving on grunts and chin lifts. But Darkness liked the sound of his own voice, and the silence that gripped me now felt like the worst kind of punishment.
Afternoon classes were Economics and Political Science, which consisted of a student debate on whether the Pack Council, or pack alliances, contributed the most to pack prosperity. I followed their arguments okay, but both sides threw in a lot of names that meant nothing to me. Sawyer, Marshall and Arras were mentioned, which I knew were Callum, Reed and Jasper’s packs. I worked out they were all part of what they called the Hunter Moon Clan, with each shifter family aligning to one pack in particular. The class seemed to be leaning towards pack alliances being the stronger contributor, and it became pretty clear the kids didn’t just go to school together. The three packs were deep in each other’s pockets. 
My stomach was definitely housing a hungry beast by the time dinner arrived. I followed a group of older students out the rear of the school and over to a separate building the size of a large barn. A dining hall roster was tacked to the wall, explaining there were two sittings, with the upper classes eating first and the lower classes following. That seemed round the wrong way to me, but I was too hungry to question it. Hurrying inside, I saw a bunch of long tables with wooden chairs and the kind of place settings you find in a nice diner. Nearly every seat was taken and the students were already well into their meals.
I couldn’t see any kind of seating plan, but there was a raised area at the far end of the room, with a table for twelve set with white linen and sparkling glassware. I didn’t need to look very hard to know that had to be the alpha table.
Which meant the duds probably ate in the opposite corner of the room. I turned to find my bunk-mate Linda watching me as she quickly scraped up a spoonful of whatever was in her bowl. I headed over towards her, and her expression didn’t change as I stood behind an empty chair. “Smells good,” I said, while the table of duds watched me in silence.
“You should hurry and get something to eat,” Linda finally said. “It goes quickly around here.”
I saw that everyone was putting away their meals as if it was an eating contest, and nodded. Servers were circulating around the High Table, but the rest of us seemed to have to line up at the counter. A woman in a brown uniform and hairnet watched me as I grabbed a tray and put a plate of roast chicken and green beans next to a buttered roll and carton of milk. My eyes devoured the other dishes – all types of roasts and sides, and enough to feed the dining hall twice over – but I didn’t want to push my luck. Someone would probably trip me up, or sneeze on my tray, if I got too greedy for my dud shoes.
I didn’t even get a step away from the counter when a girl with pink-tipped hair stopped me in my tracks. She looked at my tray, then back at the lady in the hairnet. “Server, did you check her hand? She’s a dud. That means she gets the stew, and nothing else.”
My face flamed, as much for having the tray yanked out of my hands, as for the rude way she spoke to the kitchen server. The woman had gone pale at the girl’s tone and scurried to retrieve the tray, not even commenting when the bread roll bounced off the side and splattered her with butter.
“Learned your lesson?” The girl asked me, white teeth flashing in a perfect smile. “Duds eat from the doggy bowls.”
Laughter rose up around me as she spun around and sauntered towards the High Table. I watched her go, silently counting to ten in my head. Yes, people were laughing at me. And yes, the alphadouches and their friends were staring at me like dirt tracked into their dining hall. But I was HUNGRY, goddamn it. And dog bowl or not, no one got between me and at least one proper meal a day.
Turning back to the pale-faced server, I gave her a small shrug. “Sorry, it’s my first day.”
“That’s fine, miss. I should have said something, but I’ve never seen them take food out of someone’s hand before.”
“She’s probably just hangry.” Or a power-tripping, pink-tipped piss stain. Both were possible. “Is there something on the menu I’m allowed to eat?”
The woman led me to the other end of the counter. I’d blown past it in my pursuit of roast chicken, but it was actually hard to miss. There were three huge tubs of stew, filled almost to the brim. I could see lentils and chopped vegetables floating beside squares of dark meat. “It’s rabbit, tonight. With onions, lentils and tofu for extra protein.”
I raised my brows at her, but my stomach gave a hungry yowl. “Sounds perfect.” There was no way I was going to let their bullshit turn me off a free meal. Taking the heavy bowl she handed me, I breathed in its meaty steam. “If I eat this, am I allowed back for seconds?”
She glanced at the High Table, looking flustered. “If you hurry…”
“Don’t put down your spoon,” I told her and booked it over to the table in the corner. A lot of the other duds had finished eating, but I ignored them as I fell into my seat and tried to catch up. The stew was delicious. I’d eaten rabbit my whole life, but they must have performed some magic in the kitchen, because it was more tender and flavorsome than anything I’d ever tasted. I was only a few mouthfuls in when I heard a clunking sound and Linda reached over to tap my arm. I shot a look at the High Table to see them all dropping their linen napkins on their half-finished plates. En masse, they strolled to the door, Pearl and Pink Tips in the lead.
“Stop eating!” Linda hissed.
“What?”
“No one eats once they alphas are finished.”
I stared at her, too stunned to respond. She had to be kidding… But a quick glance around the room showed dozens of unfinished meals. Even the kids who were mid-chew had dropped their cutlery, and were silently watching the alphas leave. I quickly scooped up a heaped spoonful of stew, but Linda reached over and knocked it out of my hand. The girl next to her gave me dagger eyes. “Do not bring their attention over here!”
Too late. Reed and a few of the guys had broken off to head out another door, but the rest of the High Table stopped beside us. A tall blonde was next to Callum, his arm slung over her shoulder like she was a pretty crutch. Lazy eyes swept the table, before he muttered something to the minions at his back. They all laughed and Pearl leaned on the table beside me. “You really are trying to prove you’re a slow learner, aren’t you, dud? Or is this how they eat in the soup kitchens in the Horn?”
“Stew, not soup,” I told her with a nod to my bowl. “And we don’t need charity in the Horn. If we’re hungry, we just go out and shoot our meal.”
A pulse of something dark went through the group, but before I could clarify I’d never eaten wolf stew, Pink Tips grabbed the edge of my bowl and flicked it into my lap. I managed to open my knees and leap back, but not before the stew settled in my Keds.
“Oops,” Pearl smiled. “Hope she didn’t splatter you there, dud.”
I felt my face go as bright as Pink Tip’s hair. The duds were as still as statues, their heads down as Pearl’s friends sniggered. Callum and his gang continued on to the door, disgusted looks on their faces. His blonde tossed a used napkin at me, her lipstick smeared across the linen. I knocked it to the floor, but instantly regretted it when one of the kitchen staff rushed over. She tried to scoop up the mess, but Pearl stopped her, sweeping a hand around the room. “Start by taking the rest of that away. Dump the lot and work on getting the dud stink out of here before breakfast.”
“You’ve got to be kidding,” I blurted. Nearly every table had untouched food and there was plenty more over on the dud counter. “You can’t just throw all this away. It’s a waste.”
“You’d know all about that, wouldn’t you, No Chance?” Her eyes flashed nastily, as she added, “Feel free to go dumpster dive out the back, though. You might find a jacket to go with those shoes.” 
Pearl’s friends laughed hysterically at the idea, before sashaying away. I sank back into my seat, grabbing a clean napkin and trying to wipe my Keds down. But the stew had already soaked into the canvas, and I could feel it leaking under my feet. I sensed the other duds leaving their seats. No one spoke, and I kept my eyes on my ruined shoes until their footsteps had faded away.
I glanced forlornly at the kitchen. I could hear the cleaning staff scraping the leftover food into the trash and I had to grip the edge of the table to stop myself from screaming. I knew hunger. I’d missed plenty of meals. But I’d never seen so much food wasted in a single sitting.  Get used to it, Chance. This is the school that specializes in throwing things away. 
The little bit of stew I’d managed to eat curdled in my stomach. Glaring at the High Table, which had already been cleared and set for breakfast, I hauled myself out of my seat. Another Driftwood favorite was telling me there was no point sitting and stewing. 
I’d just left the dining hall when I heard someone call out, “Hold up, sweet thing.” I turned to watch Jasper jog towards me, one hand behind his back and a big smile on his face. Ten minutes ago, it would have been hard to resist. Now? Not so much. “I’m feeling a little more salty than sweet at the moment,” I warned him.
He laughed at my sour expression. “Well, if you want to top up your sweetness factor, I got you this.” He produced a huge chocolate glazed donut from behind his back. It was wrapped in another linen napkin, although this one wasn’t marked up with lipstick. “It really needs a hot chocolate to be properly appreciated, but hopefully it will tide you over to morning.”
I eyed the delicious thing, my mouth watering. “And what do you want in return?”
He looked me over, then pointed at my trashed shoes. When I gaped at him, he laughed. “We have overnight laundry service in my dorm. I can have them back to you first thing.”
Of course, he did. He probably also had some poor dud turn down his bed and put a mint on his pillow every night. But when he pulled what looked like a sad puppy face, I gave a reluctant smile. I figured he was as much a douche as the rest of the High Table, but at least he wasn’t going out of his way to torture me. “Still, why are you offering? Pearl’s a friend of yours, isn’t she? Won’t she challenge you to a blood claw duel if you’re seen talking to me?”
“Don’t joke about the blood claw, sweet thing.”
I made a rude sound but eyed the treat. “And it’s not poisoned?”
“While it’s my alpha right to torture you any way I see fit, I’d much rather listen to you moan as you eat this big boy.” At my dark look, he thrust the donut under my nose. “It was a shit thing for them to do. Please let me pour some processed sugar on your pain.”
“I’d prefer you got the stew out of my shoes. But okay,” I said, tugging off my Keds and handing them to him. He was passing me the donut, when a hand swooped between us and snatched it up, napkin and all. Jasper put his hands on his hips, but Pearl held the treat behind her back and made a tutting noise. “No food outside the dining hall. School rules.”
Jasper huffed. “Come on, Pearl! Since when is that a rule?”
“Since people joined the school with the manners of mutts,” Pearl said, and took a big bite out of the donut. Two more bites and she was covered in chocolate glaze. Sucking her thumb, her eyes sparkled as she grabbed Jasper’s arm. “Now that’s sorted, we’ve got pack business to attend to.”
Jasper shook his head at her. “Not cool, Pearl.”
“I’ll make it up to you,” she trilled, then waved her chocolatey fingers at me. “Sweet dreams, dud.” 
When I got back to the dorm, I clicked on the light to the breakroom, my stomach contracting pitifully as I surveyed the empty shelves. There was a small carton of milk in the mini fridge, but it had the name Monique and Paw’s Off written on the side in thick black marker. The cupboards turned up an empty Pop Tart box and the bench a few crumbs. I was considering licking my finger and hoovering them up, when I heard footsteps behind me. “We’re not your enemy,” Linda said.
I turned and watched another girl join her, one hand on her hip. I was pretty sure her name was Kate. “But we’re not your friends, either. You need to start keeping your head down. It’s every female for herself when you’re a dud.”
That seemed like the recipe for never rising above your rank, but I didn’t argue. These girls had lived this reality longer than I had. And I wasn’t here for friends. My friends were back in the Horn, and if tonight had taught me anything, it was that I needed to get back there as soon as possible.
“They restock first thing in the morning,” Linda said, gesturing to the empty shelves. “Just get up extra early. We’ve got the Clan Caves field trip tomorrow and they like to publicly humiliate any stragglers.”
“With more stew?” The girls just shrugged and I leaned wearily against the counter. “What’s the field trip about?”
“It’s an annual, whole school thing. We get bussed out to the pack caves and everyone gets in touch with their inner wolf. Or tries to,” Linda mumbled.
I flinched. Freaking fantastic. Another chance to prove how out of place I was.
“The kicker is,” Kate added, “if you shift during the cave ceremony, you get to ride home in air-conditioned comfort. And if you don’t…”
I raised my brows, already knowing the answer. “You hoof it?”
“Giddy-up,” Linda said sourly. 


Chapter Eight - JASPER


The Clan Caves were what my mom called the spiritual heart of the Hunter Moon packlands. Situated in a private park an hour’s drive north of the academy, the limestone caves were more than two thousand feet in length and over three hundred feet deep. As wolves, we weren’t sentimental about much, but those ancient caves spoke to something in all of us. Not just the cave drawings, which were some of the oldest in the country, but those shallow pools and dark crevices. They’d protected the pack more than once when our lands were under threat, and hid more than a few dirty secrets in their winding tunnels. Even though we’d visited them every year since we were old enough to crawl, the whole school treated the annual journey like a cross between a pilgrimage and a party.
Or most of the school. I’d never really stopped to think about how the duds viewed the day of ceremony and bonding. Or not until I found myself looking around for a certain green-eyed brunette as we all piled out of the dorm and headed for the buses.
Like everything in the Academy, the higher your rank, the more privilege came your way. That meant we had a shiny new luxury coach to drive us to the field trip, while the duds were stuck with a rust-bucket straight out of Jeepers Creepers. 
Given their bus was right at the end of the line, they were last to board. But the circular drive meant they were also directly opposite my own bus. I had a perfect view of Vail Chance as she waited in line, her hands shoved in her pockets and her gaze drifting over the fringe of trees. She was in those same faded jeans she’d been wearing since she arrived, and the white school shirt, the cuffs and collar carefully buttoned. No one had told her it was a uniform free day, but she didn’t seem to notice, even as other kids rolled their eyes and snickered at the clueless dud.
I hitched a foot on the coach’s grill and leaned back against the hood, watching as she shuffled towards her bus. She was at the back of the dud group, not really talking to anyone, but not looking particularly concerned about it, either. Most pack kids went out of their way to prove they belonged, even if it was just clinging to the edge of a low-rank group. Because no one wanted to be labelled a lone wolf, not when it was only a step above a rogue, or a feral wolf.
But no one had explained that to the new female. Right off, I’d noticed she didn’t mind her solitude. And from what I’d seen, she had zero interest in convincing anyone she belonged to any part of the school, let alone a pack.
One of the duds in front of her turned and said something, making her frown. It pulled her dark brows into cute points, her teeth sinking into her fat bottom lip. Her hands went from her jeans pockets to folded across her chest, plumping up her perfect tits. It was hard to decide whether to watch her chew on that delectable lip, or to focus on the way her white shirt strained against her chest. Not bad choices, and I felt my mouth salivate a little at my dilemma. I was pushing off the hood, not sure what I was going to say but crystal clear where I was headed, when a hand slid around my bicep. 
“Come on, Jay,” Pearl said, pulling on my arm, “the air’s getting a bit ripe out here.”
I looked at her face, and saw she and I were distracted by the same thing. But while I was drooling at the view, Pearl looked seconds away from spitting in Vail Chance’s face. I was tempted to ask what crawled up her butt and died, but I knew. Pearl was top alpha female of our pack, and she guarded every male in her territory like we were preschoolers on our first day out.
Which we kind of were, given the way the douches were acting when I succumbed to the pressure of Pearl’s hand, and climbed onto the coach. Over the hooting and giggles, I worked out they were in the middle of a game of Ride the Bus, swigging from a bottle of Facundo I doubted would last the trip. 
The coach was reserved for the Arras Pack senior wolves, so there were twelve of us in total. Technically, Pearl was the only alpha female amongst the Arras students, but she never went anywhere without her three sidekicks. I gave the beta females a nod as I ignored Pearl’s nudging and swung into the single seat next to the driver. My two alpha lieutenants, Baron and Felix, immediately bounded to the front of the coach. They didn’t question my seat choice, even though we always rode at the back. I looked them over in their distressed jeans and designer polos, the smell of expensive rum mixing with their own scents. “You two didn’t get the memo? The Vegas trip is next week.”
“Just blowing off steam,” Baron assured me. “We didn’t bring enough booze to get anyone hammered.”
I nodded. Baron was the sensible one of us three, and so acted as both my right hand and, on occasion, my conscience.   
“You checked out the new blood?” Felix asked, proving he was the least responsible of our trio. “Little Dana is finally a freshman.” He rubbed his hands together, looking both pained and gleeful. “She obviously didn’t get the memo either, cos she’s in a bikini top and her school skirt. I wonder if she wore it on purpose? You know, so I’d offer her my shirt, or something.”
Baron and I exchanged an amused glance. Little Dana wasn’t so little, and she’d been sniffing after our friend since she first learned to say the word alpha. 
“I’m more interested in that choice cut,” Baron said, tapping the window. I didn’t need to look, but I did. Vail Chance was one step into the bus, but had paused to fiddle with the shoe I’d dropped on her dorm doorstep at first light. The position offered a perfect view of denim stretched over her heart-shaped ass, and my lieutenants both groaned. “Are those jeans even legal?”
“Shame she’s a dud,” Felix grouched. “Which pack is she with?”
“None,” I murmured, watching her disappear inside the bus. Like me, she took the front seat. But instead of talking to anyone, she immediately put her head on the seat back and closed her eyes. 
“Shit. Really?” Baron rubbed his chin, still watching her. “Where the hell did she grow up?”
“No idea,” I said, shutting down the gab fest. I didn’t like the tang of Baron’s interest any more than the thought of a wolf growing up with no sense of what she was. “She’s clueless,” I said shortly. “Steer clear.”
My lieutenants both looked at me with wide eyes. It was rare for me to give a direct order to either of them. I might have been the Alphason and pack heir, but they were next in rank in our age group. And alphas didn’t like getting told that something was off limits. 
“Sure, Jay,” Baron said slowly, and Felix quickly nodded. “You want to come try your luck at the card table?”
The coach had already pulled out of the school grounds, and the topic of our minor confrontation was behind us. Probably choking on gas fumes and wondering if she would be able to sleep through the field trip. “Yeah, why not,” I said, and pulling myself out of my seat, slapped both my guys on the back.
***
The truth was, the first thing I noticed about Vail Chance might have been her superb curves, but her dark green eyes had been a close second. Those eyes…. Wolves weren’t meant to have irises that looked like the deep pockets of an alpine forest. Most shifters, regardless of our bloodline, had brown eyes and fur. Mine were an unusual blue and gold, since my mother came from a pack in the remote Canadian Mountains. Vail’s hair was a likely indicator that her wolf would be dark, although it could have been a good dye job. Female wolves rarely messed with the stuff, since chemicals could screw with their scent, but Vail hadn’t been raised as a wolf. The only way I’d probably find out her natural hair color, was if I…
“Everyone, please join your pack groups. The Sawyer Pack will be entering the caves first, as per the roster. Then Marshall and then the Arras pack.” Mrs. Gladstone glanced in my direction, as if trying to soften the blow of calling my pack last. I just gave her a smile; that sort of bullshit wasn’t even on my radar. I was far more interested to see what she did with a certain dud. “For those of you without an official pack, please gather here, to my left.” 
There were a few minutes of shuffling, stomping feet as three hundred wolves split into their packs. Every student was trying to get as close to their Alphason as possible, without pissing off a higher ranked wolf, so there were a few bruised ribs and simmering tempers by the end of it. Baron and Felix kept our lot in some kind of order, while I watched Vail Chance walk over to Mrs. Gladstone. There was definitely no warmth between them, and I frowned a bit as I realized there were only three packless wolves in the whole academy. 
The other two were freshmen; sisters from a troubled pack in the South, sent to the academy while the Council removed their alpha and cleaned house. They were technically fostered by Reed’s pack, so were sent over to the Marshalls. Which left Vail standing alone in a forest of curious eyes.
My wolf nudged me forward before my feet had a chance to decide. Mrs. Gladstone looked up in surprise. “Alphason Arras. Can I help you?”
“She’s wearing shoes from my pack,” I said, nodding to the pristine Keds on her feet. “She can join us for the trip.”
“But these are mine.” Vail bit her lip again, then said, “Thanks for getting them cleaned, though.”
The principal looked startled – probably both at a dud pushing back on an alpha’s invitation, and the idea of said alpha cleaning a pair of shoes - so I waved a hand. “Her shoes were ruined in a mishap in the dining hall. They couldn’t be saved, so I organized a new pair.”
“Well, alright then.” The claim was a stretch, but Mrs. Gladstone wasn’t about to question me further over a dud. She turned a stern look on Vail. “I suggest you’re more careful in the dining hall. Eating there is a privilege, not a right. And make sure you follow your assigned student’s directions. The caves are not a playground.”
Mrs. Gladstone was a Sawyer beta, and the original pack snob. It would be just like her to tell a dud she had to go sit on the bus for the rest of the trip. So, when Vail looked on the verge of arguing, I put a hand under her elbow and turned her gently towards my pack. The sight of eighty frowning wolves was enough to make her mouth snap closed. Still, she pulled on her arm, those forest green eyes squinting up at me. “Did you really buy me new shoes?”
“It was an Arras wolf accident, so we owed you.”
“Accident?” The scorn in her voice was unmistakable, but she just sighed and crossed her arms again. “Thanks, though. My other option was knee-high boots, so I was glad to find these on my doorstep this morning.”
Fuck me. Vail Chance in knee high boots was one hell of a missed opportunity. I had to stop myself glowering down at the brand-new sneakers I’d had express delivered. It was harder to ignore my wolf’s reaction, which was about a hundred times more extreme. If he had his way, he would’ve been whining in her face. “No problems. Since it’s your first time in the caves, you should probably stick with me.”
She looked over at the wall of Arras wolves, who were regarding her in stony silence. A glimmer of unease shadowed her green eyes, but before she had a chance to argue, Pearl was at my side, her gaze drilling into Vail. “I’ll show her around, Jay,” she said. “It’s probably better she gets the story from a female perspective.”
I didn’t need to look too closely at the dining hall incident to know Vail was on Pearl’s radar, and not in a good way. When Vail had arrived late to dinner, I’d gone into the kitchens to work some alpha magic on the bakery staff. But while I’d been wooing a glazed donut out of them, Pearl and her friends had been reminding the new female of her place in the pack. The problem was, the more attention I gave Vail, the stronger the females’ need to set her straight. And as a packless dud, it was pretty much open season on Vail, or at least until she showed some glimmer of her wolf. 
“Okay, Pearl,” I said finally, ignoring my wolf’s irritated whine. “But be nice.”
Vail frowned a bit at that, and I was pretty sure I saw a flash of hurt in those big green eyes. But when Pearl gave her a triumphant smile and linked arms, she didn’t argue. 
“Wolves aren’t nice, silly.” My alpha female gave me a nudge with her shoulder. Her smile was as bright as a newly sprung claw as she turned to Vail and asked, “How do you feel about water, by the way?”
Oh, shit. 
I’d forgotten about the water trial…



Chapter Nine - VAIL


How did I feel about water?
I sensed it was a trick question, both because of Pearl’s smug smile and the sudden discomfort on Jasper’s face. Was it a wolf issue? Did they hate water? Or was that only a cat thing?
“No problems. I mean, I’m an okay swimmer. Why, is there a lake around here, or something?”
“Don’t worry about that for now,” the grinning blonde told me, patting my hand which she’d forced through the crook of her arm. When she yanked me over to some faded cave drawings illuminated by a fissure in the rock, her grip tightened on my hand. “Our alpha wants me to make sure you get the whole story. I take it you’re clueless about pack history?”
Clueless. There was that fucking word again. But I gave a reluctant nod, since I hadn’t done my research, and the cave drawing looked interesting. “Well, the pack’s ancestors have been coming to these caves for thousands of years. These lands have always been ours, even though the bipeds don’t know we exist. We’re very careful about keeping them in the dark. You know the saying about how you grow mushrooms?”
I shrugged. “Keep them in the dark and feed them shit.”
“Precisely. Lucky for us, bipeds are naturally clueless. But it wasn’t always the way.” She nodded at the drawings, which depicted a pack of large wolves and what looked like prehistoric hunters in the middle of a bloody war. The wolves were all slathering teeth, while the hunters clutched spears, many of which were dripping blood. More wolves than men were lying motionless on the ground. “Our clan had to fight to protect what’s ours. The bipeds kept coming, with stronger weapons and greater numbers, and we had to adapt. Learn new ways to beat them. Eventually they got the message and we became the scary story they told over their campfires.” She looked at me through her lashes, silver light dancing in the depths of her baby blues. “We’re still scary. And we still protect what’s ours.”
I wasn’t sure if we were talking about the pack’s land, or the pack itself, but when I didn’t argue, she jerked me over to another set of drawings. These ones showed a half-man, half-wolf figure standing over a pile of shattered bodies. It was hard to tell, given how broken they looked, but some appeared to be human, while others were covered in fur. “When the fighting became almost too much, and our numbers were dwindling, the magic of our kind was channeled into one wolf. Our strongest alpha. The power boost gave him the blood claw.” She held up her hand, which had morphed into a large wolf paw, the claw protruding from the middle digit gleaming like a knife in the dim light. “His name was Marrow, and he was the toughest wolf we ever bred. His blood claw tore through our enemies, driving them back into their villages. Every alpha born from then on had some of that power, and the pack took their rightful place as the top predators in these lands.”
She gave me a smile that was all wolf. “You know how that first blood claw came into being, dud? Because an alpha female gave up everything to her mate. Every inch of her power. She reduced herself to little more than a dud, all to help her mate, and to save her pack. Just remember how far a strong female wolf will go, the next time you start sniffing around our alphas.”
I didn’t bother telling her she’d kind of pushed Jasper in my direction, by dumping stew in my shoes. “Thanks for the tour,” I said with a nod to the drawings.
“Oh, I’m not finished by a long shot,” she said and pulled me through an arch in the wall. I had to duck my head, and realized we were in a long, narrow tunnel. Light filtered in from the other end, but it still freaked me out to have so much rock pressing in on all sides. To say nothing of the predatory werewolf at my back. We couldn’t walk side-by-side, so she prodded me ahead of her, before yanking me towards a shadow in the wall. I’d walked right past it without realizing it was another tunnel, but she thrust me through the narrow entranceway. 
My breath seized in my chest. The hollow was wide enough to lie down in, but the roof was low, making me hunch a bit. It was an awkward position, made worse by the heat of Pearl’s breath on the back of my neck. I couldn’t see what she’d done with the blood claw, but I had no doubts about where she wanted to stick it. “When things were really bad, the pack would retreat into these caves. We’d lick our wounds, and fortify our bonds, and grow stronger. There are little alcoves like this all over. Places where lovers and mates would go to be together. And to prepare for the next war. What does this tell you, dud?”
She’d turned on a cell phone, and the sudden flare of light illuminated the far wall. I could see at least twenty paw prints painted on the rock, initials scratched into the pads of the feet. It looked like the sort of thing young lovers carved into tree trunks. The light swung to rest on two sets of initials – JA and PL. “You think that’s just another cute little drawing? That’s a promise, dud. Burned into the rock with the sweat of our mating.”
Jasper Arras and Pearl LaRue.
Got it.
Before I could respond, she jerked me back into the main tunnel and thrust me forward. I stumbled a bit, but she was right behind me, that paw with the blood claw now thankfully transformed back into a pushy hand. Cooler air swirled around us the further we went, and as the tunnel began to widen, I felt moisture on my face. 
As we stepped out into the cavern, the first thing I saw was an enormous waterfall. It poured from a crack in the roof, creating a natural shower in the center of the cave. Erosion had caused a basin to form under it and runoff had created a rimstone pool that gleamed and danced in the filtered sunlight. Stalactites dripped from the ceiling like fancy chandeliers and flowstone had created a pale drapery across the back of the pool. The whole scene was beautiful, but also noisy, both from the water pounding the rock and the hooting and howling that echoed through the chamber.
Because the second thing I noticed was the state of the students. Those closest to me were stripping off, while the ones on the opposite side of the cavern were getting dressed. It was the middle part that left me wide-eyed. The naked students on this side of the waterfall were slowly wading into the pool, one by one. As they passed under the waterfall they instantly morphed into their wolf, and the watching students cheered. The wolf then leaped onto the other bank, returning to their human form - naked and dripping wet - but also grinning from ear-to-ear. 
So, this is why Pearl asked me if I liked water.
My heart sank as another wolf leaped out from under the waterfall to rousing cheers. 
Not only was I a dud who’d never shifted, I had to get naked in front of eighty freaking strangers to prove it.
Something Pearl reminded me of, by poking me in the back again. The line had shuffled forward, the girl in front of me gleefully stripping off. It probably helped she was already in a bikini top and micro school skirt. I could see more than one guy salivating over her as she tore off her meagre clothing, squealing about how cold the water was in case anyone missed her entrance into the pool.
Despite wanting to roll my eyes, I had to admit she made a beautiful wolf. The color of mahogany, she trotted out from under the waterfall and sprang onto the bank, waterdrops sparkling like diamonds on her brown fur. Of course, she lost some of my respect when she morphed back into a dripping girl - and then fell conveniently into the arms of some guy. 
I glanced around at the impatient faces. Did anyone care I’d never shifted? That up to a couple of days ago, I didn’t even know such a thing was possible?
I turned to tell Pearl I couldn’t do it, but she interrupted me by calling out in a ringing voice, “Alpha, the dud isn’t even going to try!” Her friends tittered behind her as everyone turned in our direction. My face was instantly flaming, but Pearl was relentless, shoving me forward again. I looked across the other side of the cavern, and saw Jasper watching us. His hair and shoulders were dripping water as some young girl handed him his clothes. “She’s holding up the line, Alpha! What do you want her to do?”
I was tempted to reach back and snap that prodding finger off. But Jasper yanked on his shirt and gave us an irritated look. I thought I saw a flash of regret in his pale blue eyes, but then he shook the water from his blond hair. I was a bit mesmerized by the sight - but not enough to miss his next words. “Everyone tries. They’re the rules.” 
Pearl gave a delighted laugh and flicked my collar, waving her hands like she was giving me the stage. “You heard the boss. Let’s see if No Chance can get an E for Effort.”
My gaze swept the cavern. There were plenty of students doing their own thing, but just as many were focused on our little drama. No teachers around, of course, since the inmates seemed to be running the prison for them. I skipped right over Jasper’s ice-blue eyes, pausing on the two guys at his side. They both looked delighted by their alpha’s order, and my stomach flipped. This sucked so bad.
Not that I was going to let them see that. 
Keeping my chin up, I picked a spot on the wall to stare at as I kicked off my Keds and stepped out of my jeans. I didn’t bother unbuttoning my shirt all the way, since this wasn’t a goddamn striptease, even if I did have a leering audience. Yanking it over my head, I quickly dropped it on my jeans, then unsnapped my bra. It was white cotton, like my panties, and clearly not in the league of the Victoria Secret catalog I’d seen paraded ahead of me. When I felt dozens of strange eyes settle on my boobs, I waded into the pool. I wasn’t going bare-assed for any of these bastards.
“All off, dud,” one of Pearl’s friends called. “We don’t want your ugly undies floating around in our sacred pool.”
I ignored her and kept walking. I was turning hairy only by a miracle, after all, so I was pretty sure their pool was safe. 
The thought made my steps falter as I entered the waterfall, and my knees almost buckled at the shock. Both because it beat down on my head and shoulders hard enough to sting, and because it was so damn cold. But a moment later I was stepping through the other side, and the only change was my skin’s blueish tone, and the rash of giant goosebumps that covered every inch. “Crap, that’s cold,” I muttered under my breath, glad for the excuse to finally hug my boobs. 
Shivering, I headed towards the other side, trying to ignore the hoots of laughter. I refused to look at them, but their jeers had an almost routine edge to them, as if I wasn’t the first dud humiliated in this way. Which was proven a moment later when another girl sloshed past me, shooting a dirty look my way as she clambered onto the bank.
I’d probably drawn an unwanted spotlight to her own failure to shift. Not my fault, but I didn’t blame her for feeling shitty. Although, at least she had friends waiting with her clothes and sympathetic smiles. When I looked up, water streaming into my eyes, I had a grim-faced Jasper staring straight back at me.
Fuck you, too, alphadouche.
I was so cold my arms were shaking, but no one stepped forward to help me up the steep incline to the bank. Not even Jasper, who’d basically thrown me to the wolves by making me join his pack in the first place. He could have just left me on my own to explore the caves and try to shift. Pearl would have ignored me, and my humiliation would have been nice and private. Or I could have skipped the freaking water show altogether, and no one would have been the wiser.
As I dragged myself up over the lip of the pool, a pair of worn Nikes appeared in front of me. My stomach flipped again, until I realized they belonged to a skinny guy I didn’t know. Instead of leering at me, he looked like he wanted a crack to open under his feet and swallow him whole.
You and me both, buddy. Gritting my teeth, I rose to my full height, my arms still locked over my boobs. I grimaced at the thought of my see-through panties, but breathed a sigh of relief when I saw he was clutching my clothes. Crumpled and wet, but definitely mine. I took the bundle from him, then frowned. “Where are my shoes?” 
He dropped his gaze, his blush now tomato red. “Sorry. Don’t know,” he mumbled, before scampering off.
With a sigh, I began pulling on my damp clothes. Was I really surprised I was missing the new shoes Jasper had given me? He’d probably had one of his minions take them back, now I’d failed to pass his test. I winced a little as I pulled my jeans on over my wet panties. I was contemplating going commando for the rest of the field trip, when Pearl appeared at my side with a nasty grin. “Like I said. No chance, but you earned an E for Entertainment.” 




Chapter Ten - JASPER


I bit into the roast beef sandwich the kitchen had packed us, chewing so hard I thought my molars would crack. We were eating lunch at the picnic tables scattered around the mouth of the cave, some of the guys talking about starting a game of packball, while others compared notes on who was rocking the best skin – both in naked and wolf forms. I was barely listening, or even tasting the rare beef that was usually my favorite. All I wanted to do was kick myself – right after I tracked Vail down and apologized for putting a target on her back.
 What had I been thinking? According to pack rules, I hadn’t done anything wrong. All wolves were required to make the pilgrimage to the cave. It helped us remember our roots, and that we were only ever one powerful enemy away from having to retreat into the caves, and lick our wounds. It was also a great spot for making out, and since every one of our major milestones was celebrated at the caves, there were plenty of good memories wrapped up in those painted walls. 
But I’d totally forgotten about the water cave when I’d basically forced Vail to join my pack for the day. I’d watched her circle the first cave with Pearl, seemingly intrigued by the history on the walls. But the next time I’d seen her, I’d been shaking myself dry and trying to avoid hitting the little omega who clutched my clothes with my swinging dick.
I took a slug of soda and stared blankly at my pack. Everyone looked relaxed, happy to be out in the sunshine instead of locked away in a classroom. For those of us who’d been shifting since we were pups, the passage through the waterfall was more of a ritual than a test; a chance to cleanse our inner wolf and show off at the same time. None of us were shy about our bodies – how could we be, after a puberty strewn with accidental shifts and unplanned nudity? We appreciated muscle and fur, just as much as we liked curves and skin of all shades. Beauty was not difficult to find in a wolf pack, and I’d always just figured we were given freaking good eyesight for a reason. 
But I was pretty sure Vail hadn’t seen it that way. Fuck me, but I hadn’t been able to think of a way to get her out of it, without making her even more of a spectacle. No one really expected a dud to suddenly be able to shift. Most of them went through their entire school life unable to master it. Mating seemed to help, but it wasn’t guaranteed, so duds also struggled to find interested partners. Because who wanted to pair up with someone who might never unleash their wolf? All round, their lot was shitty, and days like today just rubbed their faces in it.
I stood up suddenly, almost knocking over an omega who was trying to replace my soda with a fresh one. I waved her off, then punched Baron in the shoulder. “Have you seen Vail?”
“Who?” Felix asked, his cheek bulging with roast beef.
“New dud,” Baron replied, and I paused, not liking how fast he’d supplied the information. Or the way he was shaking his head at me. “She worked the drowned rat look, but I don’t think she exactly enjoyed it.”
“No shit.” I pushed off his shoulder with another partial punch. “I’m going to check on her.”
“No need, Jay.” One of Pearl’s friends – the one with pink dye on the ends of her blond hair – gave me a big smile. “Pearl’s looking after her. She took her to the restroom, I think. Seems the dud’s too precious to pee in the woods like a real wolf.”
I gave Baron a look and he immediately slipped into place next to the pink-haired brat. One more snarky word from her, and she’d be crying over her newly bald head. “If you see Pearl,” I told him, “keep her here.”
Not that I expected the alpha female to give up the chance to harass Vail out of my sight. Striding away from the table, I headed past the waiting coaches to the public restroom. They were more for show than anything, since Pearl’s friend was right – wolves crapped in the woods just as happily as the proverbial bear. 
But when I rounded the corner to the female restrooms, I stopped short at the sight of Felix’s bikini freshman standing outside the door. She was stepping from foot-to-foot, and looked up at me with big eyes. “I wanted to go in,” she stammered, “but they’ve been in there for ages. I didn’t want to burst in and make things worse. Listen, you can hear them.”
Against my better instincts, I turned my ear to the door. Along with improved eyesight, our kind could hear over much vaster distances than humans. We mostly kept the ability dialed down, since it got annoying listening into the mundane shit other people talked about. But for times like this it was useful and I quickly focused on the two voices on the other side of the door. 
The freshman edged away from me before I realized I’d punched my claws into the wood. Dragging the shattered door open, I had some sense of her scuttling away, but all of my attention was on the couple inside.
Because some asshole had Vail propped up on the restroom counter, and was standing between her parted legs. Her back was ramrod straight, and she was holding the hand that was wrapped around her throat. They were both breathing hard and I felt my wolf shift dangerously close to the surface. What I couldn’t work out – and what he was too pissed-off to help me with – was the strange vibe that surrounded them. And the fact the guy didn’t even look in my direction as I busted down the door.
Shifter, some part of me howled.
But the beast under my skin was suddenly still, all of his attention locked on that hand gripping Vail’s fragile neck. 
“Be seeing you around, little V,” the guy grinned, and strolled past me like he thought this shit was over. I took him in at a glance – early-twenties, but looked older, with weathered skin and stringy hair to his shoulders. He was big, but I was still taller, and he was lean, with none of my bulk. But there was a hardness to him I recognized. Definitely feral, if not in the wolf way, and probably not easy to take down.
Vail made a small, uneasy sound at his back, and a couple other things hit me in the face then.
The guy smelled wrong. Not wolf, but weird for a human. I tried to get a lock on his scent, but it kept shifting – hot then cold, clean then murky. I tasted something metallic, then a fresher scent, like bread straight from the oven… 
My gaze dropped to his belt. He had a handgun shoved in the front, and a long hunting knife riding in a sheath on his hip. Both of which I could’ve plucked out of his grasp before he took his next breath, but Vail surged off the counter.
“Let him leave, Jasper,” she said, and while I tried to make sense of the emotion in her voice, he slipped past me and was gone. 
Didn’t stop me from wanting to chase him down and show him what a real throat-strangling looked like. But Vail was leaning over the sink and splashing water on her face. There was a tremble to her spine, which was curved in a way I both hated – and liked way too much.
“I heard you talking,” I ground out to her bent back.
“Did you?” She splashed more water on her face, even though her hair was still damp from the waterfall. She’d pulled it into a messy braid, but there were indents in the thick loops, like fingers had been clutching at it. My own hands curled into fists. “You weren’t telling him to stop.”
She stood up suddenly, blinking at me through the waterdrops. She’d looked at me the same way when she’d stepped from under the waterfall, still in her human skin. I hadn’t been so distracted by her creamy thighs and plump tits that I’d missed the angry heat in her eyes. She’d been pissed with me for interfering, and it seemed history was in the process of repeating itself. “You don’t know what you heard. Or what you saw. And it’s none of your business, anyway.”
“Give me his name,” I demanded, pushing enough alpha power on her to make her stumble back into the counter. 
Her hand when straight to her throat. “Why do you care?”
“He’s on my lands. No one gets a free pass, even if you’re handing them out in the restroom.” 
She glared at me, but just said, “He’s no one. An asshole from the Horn. It was just a coincidence he was here.”
Lie. I could taste it, or convinced myself I could. Reaching forward, I grabbed her arm. “You’re gonna tell me all about him. And why he was touching you like you were familiar territory.”
I heard her gulp, but I didn’t let up, dragging her out through the busted door. There was no sign of the asshole, or the freshman. No Pearl, either, which was a blessing. Still, I’d need to remind them all of the protocols when a stranger appeared on pack lands. Show them the door, and if they insist on pushing, take a hand. 
Vail gasped as I squashed her smaller fingers in mine. I eased off a little, but dragged her towards my coach, determined to shake some answers out of her. She wouldn’t be so tight-lipped when I had her pinned to the backseat, with all my senior wolves between her and the door. “Let go of me,” she hissed again. “I’m not getting on your Barbie Dream Camper, so you can just stop pulling on my damn arm!”
I gaped down at her. “What the fuck did you say?”
“It’s so pretty, I bet it comes with some really neat features.” She arched a dark brow at me. “Got a waterbed on that thing? Somewhere to store your tiara and velvet slippers?”
I moved closer to her, not quite believing the words coming from her mouth. She was clearly trying to goad me – or distract me. Either way, my wolf was about to pick her up by the scruff, and drag her under the fucking dream bus. He was riding me pretty hard and my voice dropped to a low growl. “You’re gonna sit with me. On my lap. The whole way back to school. And you’re going to stick those pouty lips against my ear and tell me everything you know about that asshole who just kissed you.”
She glared up at me through her lashes, and for a moment I thought I saw moisture swimming there. Her cheeks were bright red and she was shaking a little. I’d though it was the same adrenaline pumping through my own veins, but now I looked at her properly, I had to wonder if it wasn’t something else. But before I could interrogate her further, Mrs. Gladstone was stepping between us and shaking her head. “Miss Vail, since you failed to shift today, you unfortunately can’t ride on the school vehicles.” She checked a notebook in her hand, which had about a dozen names written on it. “You’re not the only one, so just remember to stick with the group. Nadine and Adam are seniors, and have both been through this before. They’ll lead the way.”
“She’s coming with me,” I interrupted, before my wolf snapped the principal’s neck like the pencil stuck behind her ear. “There’s room.”
 Not that that was the issue, but the thought of Vail traipsing through the woods with that asshole somewhere in the vicinity had my wolf quivering beneath my skin. But for once, the principal decided to play by the book. “You know the rules, Alphason. All wolves who fail to shift are required to walk back to school.”
“I’m aware. But she lost her shoes. She needs a ride.”
Vail’s eyes spat green fire. “Forget it. I don’t need you doing me any favors. And I’m looking forward to the fresh air.”
I believed that. She was so red in the face, I was on the verge of telling her to go stick her head under the waterfall and cool off. But I wasn’t that much of a dick. Instead, I gritted my teeth and pushed another dose of alpha power her way. “You can’t walk twelve miles barefoot.”
She bit her lip hard enough to bruise, but just smiled, clearly enjoying my own overheated face. “Maybe it’ll help me shift. Shock therapy and all that.” She turned and nodded at Mrs. Gladstone. “See you back at school.” 

 
Chapter Eleven - VAIL


The two seniors whose names I’d already forgotten also refused to let me walk barefoot. Not that they could hail down a bus for me, since the convey had already pulled out, leaving behind a cloud of gas fumes and the taunting scent of rare roast beef. Instead, they each took a thick pair of hiking socks from their pockets and handed them to me. “You’ll learn to come prepared,” the girl said, and I saw they had matching socks under their sensible boots. She looked me over as I pulled them on, one over the other. My feet were going to sweat buckets, but at least they’d be protected from the worst of the rocks. “You a freshman or a transfer?”
I was about to reply when the guy looked down at me like I was trouble incarnate. “She’s the packless one. And if you missed it, your alphason looked about to rip her head off, so don’t get too close.”
I pulled a face at the cowardly asshole, but the girl stepped between us and dropped an energy bar in my lap. “No doubt you missed lunch as well, so eat this before we go.” I was about to thank her, when she held up a weary hand. “Faint, twist an ankle, or fall behind, and we’re leaving your ass in the woods. I’m not your damn scout leader.”
So, scrap the plans to braid hair and sing camp songs, then.
I chomped the energy bar down in three bites and was ready to go when the seniors headed off. It was mostly a down-hill journey, so I was relieved the socks were the kind with a good grip on the soles. Especially since they weren’t kidding about leaving anyone behind. They might have been duds, but they were all strong, with the kind of wolfish, loose-limbed stride I’d seen on their shifter peers. 
Given the fast pace, no one was keen on talking. A few of them were probably reeling from failing the waterfall test, but that embarrassment had practically slipped my mind. I was more focused on Trey Barakat, the Devil of the Horn, appearing in the pack’s restroom and laying down his twisted version of the law. He hadn’t looked surprised to see me, so he’d come with a deliberate message. I was expected back before the snows locked me off the mountain. Driftwood had jumped the gun by sending me away. I was nearly eighteen, and that meant I was his. The Barakat prize, whatever that meant.
I also had no idea what Trey knew about the Hunter Moon Academy. Had he just tracked me to the caves by following the buses? Did he know their significance, or the reason both the caves and the school were closed to outsiders? I snorted as I imagined a Barakat with that kind of information. The only business Trey was discrete about was his own – since it was all dirty as sin and crooked as a hind leg. If he knew werewolves existed, he wouldn’t have bothered with my packless ass. He would have gone straight for the nearest alpha’s throat – either to strike a deal, or swing an axe. Both were an ordinary day in the Barakat world.
I’d been about to pump him for information when Jasper Freaking Arras had punched in the door, and put an end to our conversation. Granted, Trey had been edging towards action over threats, but it was still none of the alphadouche’s business. 
I looked around at the bowed heads of the silent students. “Hey, does anyone have a cell?”
“Alphas only,” someone muttered and when I looked at them, I realized it was Linda from my top bunk. She looked wet and cold, as she raised a snarky brow. “Why, you thinking you’ll order a Lyft?”
“Smartass,” I muttered back, but if I’d had a couple bucks to my name, I might have tried it. 
Instead, I limped back onto campus nearly two hours after we’d left. The distance hadn’t been so much of an issue as the hilly terrain. I hadn’t felt one of those bumps in the road on the way there, but it was different trying to do it on foot. And in socks. I winced when I saw I’d trashed both pairs, the soles shredded and my blood mingling with the grit I’d picked up. It didn’t hurt too bad, but I told the seniors I’d get them replacement pairs. They just shrugged and headed off to their dorms, leaving the rest of us to disperse. 
I followed Linda, and three other girls I didn’t know very well. There were eight in our dorm, and I wondered if the other three had managed to shift, or found some other way to get back. Not that I really cared. I was quickly becoming part of a pack that had just two rules - don’t ask questions, and only look out for Number One. 
Linda had the decency to nudge me awake before I slept through dinner. Or maybe my yowling stomach woke her. Rolling off the bed with a huge yawn, I stuffed my bruised feet into a pair of flip flops and headed to the dining hall. Linda hadn’t bothered waiting, but I was too hungry to pick a bone with her. Especially when I stepped inside and saw some guy with a pile of sticky ribs. Yes, those were exactly the kind of bones I wanted to pick clean.
“Don’t get your hopes up,” Linda told me from her seat at the duds’ table. “The ribs are off-limits.” 
I looked down at her stew and almost cried. Grabbing a bowl anyway – because my third rule of one proper meal a day still applied - I was making good inroads when a girl came up and tapped me on the shoulder. She was pretty, with smooth brown hair held back by pearl clips. I gave an inward groan. I was pretty sure the accessories meant she was one of Pearl’s nasty minions. 
Just look out for Number One, Vail, I reminded myself as I followed the girl towards the High Table. No doubt I was going to be asked to fetch the blonde bitch a clean waterglass, or an extra helping of bread, buttered to her specific requirements. I schooled my face as I stopped at Pearl’s side. But it was Reed Marshall who crooked a finger and called me over.
Jasper was missing from the table, but my heart squeezed a little as I felt a black gaze fix on my approach. I’d managed to avoid Callum Sawyer for the most part, even going so far as turning down random hallways that ended in broom closets, rather than crossing his path. Anything was better than having the uber alpha watching me with his intense predator’s gaze. Focusing on Reed felt easy by comparison, although I jumped when I felt a hand brush down my spine, before grabbing the end of my ponytail. I glanced over my shoulder and my pulse slammed in my throat as I met Callum’s hooded gaze. “Looking tasty, dud. When are you gonna be on the menu?”
I swallowed around a dry throat. “I’m stringier than I look.”
“Oh, I doubt that,” he purred, his hand going to my ass and cupping the meatiest part. “You’re definitely more than a handful.”
I stepped out of his grasp, ignoring the titters from the skinny end of the table as I focused on Reed. He was plowing through his dinner plate like it was his last meal. Rather than ribs, the High Table had been served fillet mignon. My mouth watered, although Reed was chewing like it was a chore and his fork was shoved so hard into the meat the tines were bent. But when he spoke, it was in his usual clipped way. “Jasper told us about your run-in today. You knew the creep, right? From back home?”
“His name’s Trey Barakat,” I said with a grimace. I wasn’t sure if I was more annoyed at Jasper or Trey for getting me hauled up to the High Table, but I had no secrets to hide. “We went to the same school.”
Reed frowned. “He’s what… twenty-one?”
“Yeah, but I’m a year older than other juniors, so it’s not much of a gap.”
That revelation caused Reed to look up from his steak with something swirling in his almond eyes. “You’re eighteen already?”
For some reason the whole table had gone silent. I flushed under the combined weight of their attention, but it was Callum’s stare that was burning a hole in my flushed cheek. “Not yet. In December. And Trey has twin brothers in my year, so I saw him around.” I didn’t mention Darkness. Trey’s demands had twisted in my head while I slept, and I was still trying to work out what it meant to my plans to leave. “He’s not a friend, if that’s what Jasper implied.”
“He’s a stranger on our lands,” Callum said behind me and I turned to watch him settle back in his seat. His legs were splayed, his shirt askew and his hair a mess, but I couldn’t look away from the harsh planes of his face. I didn’t know how he did it, but those black eyes could go from burning hot to freezing cold in a blink, and right now I shivered. “And Jay implied you were a lot more than friends. Way he told it, you were seconds away from running off together.”
Anger flared to life, despite the chill he was casting my way. “He misheard. The only thing I was about to do was kick him in the junk.”
Someone tittered further down the table, but I didn’t look away from Callum. I knew a good dud kept their eyes down and their mouth shut, but the guy had the perfect getting-under-your-skin stare. He was only seventeen. They probably had dads and uncles somewhere, running the pack beyond the Academy walls. I assumed they’d groomed these assholes since infancy, which meant there were bigger, badder versions of these wolves out there. Teenage Callum was scary; what would he be like in a few years’ time?
When Callum turned to talk to Reed, I assumed I’d been dismissed and began to leave the table. But I’d only taken a couple of steps when Pink Tips stopped me. “Are you really a year behind, dud? Does that mean you’re mentally challenged, or something?”
I was sick to the back teeth of these bitches slinging slurs. Thrusting a hip against the table, I bent down towards her. “You ever lived in the mountains?” She gave me a withering look, and I waved a hand at the window. “Not those cute little hills out there. In the Horn, it snows for half the year and the summers are hotter than hell. No doctors, one phone line halfway down the valley, and definitely no Wi-Fi. You drink water straight off the mountain and eat what you can catch.” I looked down at her plate with its perfectly cooked steak and artfully arranged vegetables. I’d never been to a restaurant that had dine-in service, but I assumed this resembled what they served. “When you live like that, sometimes you get sick. Your family gets hurt. You get snowed in and the generator doesn’t work for weeks.” I shrugged. “School is a bonus.”
The girl opened her mouth to retort, but Pearl reached across the table and grabbed my wrist. “Are you telling a wolf how hard it is to live in the wild, dud? Because even you can’t be that stupid.”
It was on the tip of my tongue to tell her there was a big difference between weekend frolics into the forest, and carving a living out of the wilderness, when a shadow fell over the end of the table. Pearl’s eyes flashed with satisfaction as alpha heat pulsed at my back. I reluctantly sucked in a mouthful of Callum’s peppery scent as he grabbed the end of my ponytail, and pulled me around to face him. “You’ll tell us the next time you see Barakat or any of his kind. You won’t speak to him, screw him, or in any way engage. You will come straight to the pack, and let us know.”
I tilted my head back, surprised by the venom in Callum’s voice. He usually spoke in a bored drawl, as if everything was beneath his notice and he was just going through the motions. Reed, I’d decided, was their unofficial spokesman. But now Callum was issuing orders. Before I could stop myself, a single word popped out of my mouth. “Why?” 
The whole dining hall went silent. It was the kind of indrawn breath that followed someone throwing a plate of food, or dropping into a dead faint on the cafeteria floor. But the anticipation in the air was a thousand times stronger. Maybe their wolf halves could smell the blood rushing to the surface of my skin. Or they could read something in the way Callum cocked his head, as if he’d just noticed my existence. Before the excited whispers could surge across the room, Pearl hissed. “Did you just question an alpha, dud?”
I swallowed hard. It was probably loud enough to be heard at the dud’s table in the corner, but I couldn’t help myself. Pearl’s rage didn’t come from the same manufactured place as her spite. This was real and it crashed over me like a smothering wave. I wanted to argue that I’d spoken back to Jasper plenty of times, and he’d never reacted like this. Did that mean Callum Sawyer was somehow more alpha than Jasper? Or was Jasper giving me leeway denied to other duds?  
Pearl wasn’t about to provide any insights. A tic had started beating under her eye, and she snarled, “On your knees, now!”
I crashed down. Not because she frightened me, but because I couldn’t physically stop myself. Which was terrifying. I’d seen the weaker wolves disciplined in the halls and it was always a cringeworthy sight. Not just them groveling at the feet of their peers, but the knowledge in their faces that it would always be this way. They’d always be at the mercy of the stronger wolves. I’d just never felt it. Until now.
I clipped my shoulder on Reed’s chair as I went down, but that was nothing on the pain that shot through my kneecaps. Fuck, but the bitch packed a heavy punch. Her head whipped in Callum’s direction. “What’s the punishment, Alpha?”
“Shits and showers,” he said after a long pause. “No gloves. No wipes. No help. Should suit a female who was crapped out the asshole of a mountain.”


Chapter Twelve - JASPER


Shits and showers was exactly what it sounded like – bathroom duty. It wasn’t quite as bad as scrubbing the floor with a toothbrush, but Callum had decided only basic supplies, so I knew Vail was going to be busy until late. The fact I wasn’t there to determine what punishment – if any – she deserved for meeting with a stranger on pack lands was down to shit timing. My dad had called me to talk about a bullshit bane pack sighting, and by the time I’d made it to dinner, her punishment had already been served.
I’d wanted to go straight to talk to her, but I’d resisted the urge. Despite my wolf’s red-hot interest, I needed to keep this thing between us more low-key. Firstly, because every time I so much as looked in her direction, all hell seemed to rain down on her head. And more importantly from a pack view, because I needed to make sure this thing wasn’t serious with the asshole from today. I’d sent his name through our pack enforcers, and so far, all they’d turned up was that he was part of a hillbilly outfit in the Horn. Drug-dealing, moonshine-making hoodlums, who terrorized the locals and kept strangers off the mountain. 
But the words I’d heard through the door were still playing in my head: You’re nearly eighteen, little V, and that means you’re mine. Don’t ever doubt you’re the Barakat prize, and I’ve been waiting a long time to claim my due.
Claiming had plenty of connotations in the human world, but to wolves, it was a battle cry to any other interested male. Vail had scoffed at him, but her resistance had earned her a hand to the throat, choking off her protests. I’d taken it as some kind of foreplay, but the more I’d thought about it, the more I was certain I’d misread their relationship. And Callum and Reed had grudgingly admitted she’d spoken of the asshole in less than glowing terms. Music to my wolf’s ears, who had gone strangely quiet since he’d heard the word ‘claim’. 
Maybe that’s why he started to push under my skin when I found her in the male bathroom on the floor below mine. It was after lights out, and my wolf snarled to think of her amongst the dirty water and bodily fluids of other males. Callum must have been trying to make sure she never opened her mouth again, given the throat-peeling smells that greeted me. 
I quickly discovered the cause. Nathan Reynolds, the biggest packball blocker in the school, had just taken a dump and Vail was gagging over the bowl, while he pointing out all the bits she’d missed. The guy must had eaten roadkill all week, and Vail looked close to shoving the toilet brush into his toxic bowels. I didn’t miss the pinch of relief on her face when she swiveled around on her knees and saw me standing there.
“Damn, Reynolds, you’ve turned her green.” I shot the big guy a glare, although I couldn’t really blame him for putting her in this position. Her cheeks were still flushed and her nose wrinkled, but Vail Chance looked pretty damn sensational on her knees. A thought I pushed down as I hooked a hand under her elbow and helped her to her feet. “Clean up your own shit from now on,” I told the Sawyer Pack blocker. “And if you go whining to Callum, I’ll make sure you don’t play another game this season.”
Reynolds grumbled under his breath, but he tossed the brush in the corner of the toilet and left without a word. I was already drawing Vail further into the bathroom and she tried to dig in her heels, but her flip-flops squeaked over the damp tile.
“Let go of me, Jasper!” She huffed, trying to pry my fingers from her arm. I just gripped her tighter and she bitched, “Are you seriously going to watch me scrub the showers? Because I’m not here to entertain you!”
I shot her an exasperated look. That was exactly why she was here, but as Callum had already pointed out, she was clueless about her position in the pack. But I didn’t bother reminding her as I reached into the nearest shower stall, and began fiddling with the faucet. A moment later steam was puffing out of the stall and she watched in disbelief as I thumbed the button on my jeans and dragged them off my thighs. My dad was always saying that actions spoke louder than words, especially amongst wolves, and I was determined to educate Vail on all the ways I liked to be entertained.
“What are you doing?” She asked in a strangled voice as my boxer briefs slapped on a nearby bench. I handed her a bottle of gel and a sponge loofah. “Get it nice and soapy first,” I told her, as if I was oblivious to her shock. When she just stared at me, I clicked my fingers under her nose. “Didn’t you hear Cal? He said shits and showers.” I waved a hand under the steaming water. “This is the shower part.”
She swallowed before she could find her voice. “I thought he meant to clean them.”
“Well, that part of your punishment is a bit more fluid. The showers themselves, or what’s in them.” I ran a hand over my chest, struggling to hold back a smile. I was meant to be teaching her a lesson, but I was in danger of enjoying this way too much. “It’s all part of the deal,” I assured her, and dunked my head under the spray. 
She’d mostly been looking over my shoulder, but as I shook the water from my eyes, she was nibbling on her lip and staring straight at me. It was the same look she’d given me from across the cave. The one that said while she wanted to kick me, she was also thinking about tracing the water droplets with her tongue.
Or maybe that was just wishful thinking. She hadn’t moved an inch and she was still clutching the shower supplies like a shield. But her breathing had also thinned and her pulse was accelerated. There was also a hazy glow to her green eyes that was like a beacon straight to my dick. 
Trailing one of my hands down my wet chest, I dragged her gaze over the bumpy band of muscle at my waist, until I was cupping my erection. It was too damn big to hide behind my hand, but that was okay. I was teaching her a lesson. This was Wolf Relations 101, and by mouthing off at her alphas, and dragging assholes onto our land, she’d signed up for a crash course. That meant she was a priority student. I was giving her a front row seat, and I was going to ensure she didn’t miss a thing. Rolling my head on my shoulders, I swallowed a mouthful of water, all the while pulling on my pulsing flesh. “Has anyone explained to you what it is to service an alpha, Vail Chance?”
She shook her head, but was unable to tear her gaze away from my dick. I wondered if she’d actually seen one before she arrived at the academy. My porn brain told me getting snowed in on a remote mountain must have led to a few body-heat exchanges, but I didn’t know much about her life. I had one of my enforcers doing a background check, since the information from her school file was flimsy. But when her dilated pupils locked on mine, my wolf gave a satisfied rumble and I leaned forward and grabbed her hand. “I’m all for clean bathrooms, but that’s not really what we use our duds for.” Pulling her towards me, I pressed the hand with the loofah against my chest. “My favorite part of the contract is Duds and Suds.”
“Contract?” She muttered, her eyes shifting from my straining dick to the planes of my chest. 
“Every dud enters the pack house under a contract,” I replied, watching her face as she traced her fingers around the curves of my left pec. I was pretty sure she didn’t realize the loofah had hit the floor, so I kicked it out of the stall while she wasn’t looking. “It outlines their duties and details their benefits.”
Her gaze snapped up to my face. “Is suds and duds a duty or a benefit?”
I couldn’t hide my smile of pure, male satisfaction. “You tell me, pretty wolf.”
She shook her head, but took another half step towards the spray. I didn’t breathe until she squeezed a dollop of gel into her palm, pressing it to the groove down the middle of my chest. As her hand followed the soapy trail down my body, she inched closer still, as if unaware of the water splattering her black t-shirt. She paused over my abs, working the lather into the grooves, then dipped lower. When her fingers briefly tickled the hairs at my groin, I groaned and braced my arms on either side of the stall. The sound seemed to mesmerize her, and her hand paused an inch from my throbbing length. 
“Damn, girl, but you’re killing me here,” I groaned. When she drew back, shock stamped on her pretty face, I grabbed her wrist. It was the first time I’d touched her since she’d stepped into the stall, and I wasn’t gentle about it. Steam surrounded us, but her arm felt scorching hot under my grip. “And I’m out of my mind, but I’m doing it anyway.”
“Doing what?” 
“Claiming your hot ass, Vail Chance.”
The words rolled out of me, heavy with alpha power, and her lashes fluttered on her damp cheeks. Before she could recover, I tugged her hand free from the spray and pressed my blood claw to the underside of her wrist. I knew the burn was quick and sharp – not enough to really hurt - but she gave a surprised cry as the knot between us tightened. Sharp pleasure raced down my spine and I had to grip my dick to stop myself spilling across the floor. Because this wasn’t about the quick release, but the foundation for something more.
“What the hell did you do?”
“Can you feel it, pretty wolf?” I pushed aside the ache in my groin and loomed over her, my wolf now an inch beneath my skin. Claiming went both ways, and even though Vail didn’t get what this meant, there was a chance her wolf might. I could feel him staring out of my eyes as she studied the crescent moon scar on her wrist.
“You’re insane!” She hissed, rubbing her arm against her damp tee. “You can’t just walk up to a random girl and brand her!”
“None of this is random, and just so we’re clear, claiming wolves is exactly why we’re both here.”
“Not me,” she said and stumbled back, almost tripping over the loofah. My wolf stalked her out of the stall, but I stopped him as she turned and sprinted for the door. She could run all she liked, but even now I could feel that knot growing tighter. I grinned and stepped back into the shower, cranking up the heat and soaping the parts she hadn’t reached. 
Next lesson in Wolf Relations 101, little wolf – the chase just sweetens the final release.


Chapter Thirteen - VAIL


I caught sight of a couple of grinning guys at the urinal a moment before I burst out of the bathroom and pelted for the Dud Dorm.
Somehow, the other girls didn’t wake as I crept inside, and I snatched up the towel hanging on the end of my bed. Rubbing it over my dripping hair, I grabbed my pajamas from under my pillow, and crept into the much smaller - and thankfully empty – bathroom. I dried myself until my tingling skin was red and raw, and quickly changed, wringing my soaking tee and jeans out in the sink. Hanging them over the radiator to dry, I figured if anyone asked, I’d just say I slipped during my punishment duty, and fell headfirst into the toilet. That had to be less embarrassing than admitting how I’d really ended up soaked through to my skin.
And branded. 
Sinking onto the toilet lid, I studied the burn in the weak fluorescent light. The damn thing had gone from wound to scar in a matter of seconds, the pain fleeting compared to my anger. And shock. Even seeing the crescent mark against my skin, a part of me still couldn’t believe he’d actually done it. 
It was probably the same part that had hung back on the cold tile, watching wide-eyed as I willingly stepped into that damn stall. Rubbing a thumb over the curved scar, I decided my only excuse was that his body had hypnotized me. Or I really did have a wolf inside me, and she was weak for gorgeous, naked blonds. 
I buried my flaming cheeks in my hands, the images running through my head on a loop. I was used to fit guys – the Horn stripped fat and built muscle better than any gym – but Jasper Arras was a whole different kind of pretty. He wasn’t the biggest guy I’d seen, but everything was in perfect, sculpted proportion. And all that lean, chiseled muscle was encased in silky golden skin. There wasn’t a tan line on him, and when he’d blinked at me in that thigh-clenching way, even his hooded eyelids were the color of sunlight. One minute I was clutching that stupid loofah and the next I was overwhelmed by the urge to touch him. To see if something that pretty didn’t dissolve under my fingers like a sparkly soap bubble.
It didn’t. Instead, it put an itch under your skin that could only be fed by further exploration. Except… he’d stopped playing, and got straight to branding. 
But what did it mean? Despite my brain melt, I was pretty sure he’d said he was claiming me. Or my hot ass, at least. And in Biology class, when he’d been showing off his blood claw, he’d said the mark meant all other wolves could scent the alpha’s bond.
But what the heck was an alpha bond?
None of it matters, I told myself later that night, as I struggled to sleep. For all Jasper’s talk of claiming, I was still lying on my lumpy mattress, in a roomful of other duds. Even if I was the only one with a pair of new Keds waiting on her doorstep in the morning. 

***
I didn’t have any classes with Jasper, and for once I was grateful for my dud status. There were no more alpha demonstrations in Biology, and over the next few days, I could pretend I was an ordinary student, failing pop quizzes and hiding in the art room at lunch. The classwork was mostly the same as my old school, except for everything being referenced to wolf life or the pack. I managed to block most of that out, burying myself in the boring world of math equations and iambic pentameter. I stayed away from every bathroom except my own, and no one ever came looking for me. No doubt one lax dud was beneath the High Table’s notice. Especially since there were more than enough wolfgirls eager to put a smile on an alpha’s face. 
The weekend had been a bore, the other duds disappearing off to activities they didn’t mention in my presence. I spent most of my time reading and sleeping – and raiding the breakroom cupboards and vending machine. The next week began much the same, except on Tuesday morning I was called out of English class to go see Mrs. Greyson, the guidance counsellor. The one in my old school had been part-time, and run off his feet with generations of Horn troubles, so I wasn’t sure what to expect when I stepped into her office.
“I’m fine,” I began, before she’d waved me into the seat on the other side of her desk. She was in her early twenties, blond and tanned like a lot of the faculty, but with a dent between her brows that made me wonder if wolf problems were all that different to Horn ones. “Just if that’s why you called me in, I mean…”
“There’s a mandatory check-in for every student,” she told me, and picked up a yellow file with my name on the front. Flipping it open, I saw a page of neat handwriting clipped inside. “It says you haven’t signed up for any clubs or sports yet, but you met all your extracurricular requirements in your last school.”
I nodded slowly. I’d seen a sign-up sheet in the dining hall, but everything that looked good had an asterisk beside it. As in, *Wolf Only. “I’ve only seen information on the pack clubs.”
She rubbed that dent with her forefinger. “Yes, unfortunately those aren’t open to you. But there are plenty of other options while your status remains Unclassified.”
Unclassified. I’d heard that term used as well, and it was no better than dud in my opinion. At least dud didn’t dance around the issue. “Well, I like sports. I was on the wrestling and archery teams, and played soccer socially.”
She rubbed that dent a little harder. “Yes, I see on your transcript. And there were positive reports from all your coaches.”
“You spoke to the coaches?”
She nodded absently, her eyes still on the paper. “We speak to all of your teachers before admission.”
I went slightly red. “Well, I had to make up an extra year…”
“That’s not unusual for students who transfer here, Vail.” She finally looked up from the file and I saw a glimmer of something in her eyes. Pity? Regret? I couldn’t tell. “Shifter life is not an easy transition. And when you don’t have pack to support you, it can be particularly unsettling.”
I thought of what I’d seen in my short time in the school and I wasn’t sure belonging to a wolf pack made anything easier. The omegas were a perfect example. Maybe they’d been given a place and a role in the pack, but there wasn’t any freedom to go with it. No choice or opportunity to be anything other than the label that went along with their scent. As much as I disliked my dud status, I knew it didn’t really matter. This wasn’t where I belonged.  “I’m just not sure this is the right school for me. I mean, I appreciate the education. We never had fancy computers in my old school, and the free meals are a bonus.” I thought about how much the field trip had sucked ass, but decided not to share that insight. Instead, I cleared my throat and sat forward on the edge of my chair. “The truth is, I don’t think I’m ever going to really settle in here.”
The guidance counsellor was back to studying my file. “But you’ve made a connection with Alphason Arras. That’s quite unusual for such a new wolf.”
I clutched my wrist. “I think it was a mistake.” 
“He’s provided a note against your recent punishment duty.” Her eyes scanned the file and I cringed. “He used both the words contrite and enthusiastic. That’s strong praise from an Alphason.”
My throat worked around a lump that might have been either hysteria or fury. “He said that?”
“I’m not sure how much he’s explained to you about the other elements of your education…”
“You mean the contract?” At her tight nod, I dug my thumb into the crescent scar on my wrist. “He explained that there were different duties and benefits. But I’m not really interested in any of that.” 
Her frown deepened. “An Unclassified Student can still go on to be an important contributor, Vail. The pack estates only employ insiders, so there are opportunities for all sorts of caregivers.”
Caregivers. Another word that had taken on some dark undertones. “What about other staff positions? Accountants, or lawyers, or whoever mows the pack lawns?”
“Well, those jobs are traditionally reserved for the male Unclassified, or the lower-ranked wolves.”
Of course, they were. Because the females, who were already less numerous than the males, needed to provide a different kind of service. Like the suds and duds variety. “So, even if I study really hard and go to a great college, they wouldn’t employ me in a professional capacity?”
“I’m sorry, Vail.” She finally looked me right in the face, and there was a tightness to her expression that made my stomach clench. “Your education here is designed to provide you with a pathway into the pack. To get you ready for the most appropriate role after you graduate. I know this seems unfair, but if you’d been raised in a pack, you’d see it really does work.” She glanced at my file. “Your mother was human, and your father the wolf?”
I shrugged, frustration building. “I don’t know. I barely remember my mom; she died from cancer when I was four. My dad raised me until I was eleven, when he was killed in a car accident. He never told me he was a wolf.” The tightness around her eyes deepened and I asked, “What’s wrong?”
“It’s just unusual for a wolf to hide their true nature from their young. Or to die in that manner. We’re usually too resilient.”
The realization hit me. “You’re a wolf.” 
“Yes. All of the academy staff are.”
I nodded slowly, even though the thought had never occurred to me. Maybe I really was clueless. I took a deep breath. “Mrs. Greyson, I want to start the process of transferring back to my old school. If you need my foster father’s permission, I can get that for you.” I’d find a phone, even if I had to break into the administration block after lights out. How I’d talk Driftwood around was another problem, but winter was coming, and I knew how melancholy he got when he was snowed in. Would he really pass up a winter’s worth of company? Lifting my chin, I looked her straight in the eye. “He might not be a wolf, but he’s the closest thing I’ve had to a parent in years, and I know he doesn’t want this for me. Servicing and contracts. And if I need to pay back the first term’s tuition, there has to be some kind of payment plan, doesn’t there?”
Her gaze flickered to my wrist. The cuff of my school shirt had ridden up a little and I knew she could see the crescent scar. I stuffed my hand under the edge of her desk, but that dent between her brows was suddenly twice as deep. “I’m sorry, Vail. That’s not an option for you. Once you’re identified as a wolf, the pack can’t let you return to the outside world. It wouldn’t be safe for anyone.” 
“Safe?” I gave a sour laugh. “That’s what they’re worried about? But they’re the ones who said I’m a dud. If my wolf’s broken, they should be happy I want to leave.”
Mrs. Greyson looked shocked. “You’re not broken, Vail.” Her gaze flicked again to my wrist. “Your wolf just needs the right support…”
I cut her off. “I don’t want it. I just want the transfer. Isn’t there something I can sign, like a confidentiality agreement? I promise, when I walk out of those gates, I won’t ever even think of the pack again.”
“I’m sorry you feel that way, Vail.” She took another sheet of paper from the file. This one was typed and it took me a moment to realize it was a contract. Not the one I was likely to earn after graduation, but one between the school and Driftwood Chance. In exchange for my two years tuition, Driftwood received a sum of ten thousand dollars and a place was provided for Darkness at the Agri-Science College near Mount Whitnor. I felt a surge of happiness for Darkness, before my gaze settled back on the dollar sum. “The school paid Driftwood to send me here?”
“It’s standard practice for wolves raised in non-pack environments.” She reached out and handed me a box of tissues, but I wasn’t crying. I was too shocked for tears. “If it helps, your guardian argued against the money. And he was quite forthright about the treatment he expected you to receive here.”
That sounded like Driftwood. Always trying to protect everyone, like he was the alpha of the whole damn mountain. But this was the Huntington Peaks, not the Horn. The pack ruled here, and the school belonged to the pack. But that didn’t mean I had to belong to them, too. I was packless. Wasn’t that what everyone kept telling me? It seemed my dad had hidden this whole world from me – maybe he had a reason, or maybe they were all wrong about him being a wolf. Either way, the only person I had to listen to was me. 


Chapter Fourteen - VAIL


The next morning, I woke groggy-eyed and bad-tempered. I’d spent most of the night tossing and turning, one moment determined to grab my backpack and run, and the next thinking of Driftwood, and what the Academy money would mean to him over the winter. I decided I needed more than a banana to get me through the day, and when I plopped down at a table in the breakroom, the girl sitting next to me looked up in surprise. I was about to move – duds had been avoiding me like ticks fleeing a lemon bath – when she smiled and said, “Hi, I’m Marnie.” 
“Vail. Nice to meet you.” She was small and delicate, with perfect pale skin and large chocolate brown eyes. She was beautiful, even though her dark bangs were overlong and there were strain lines around her mouth. A large scrapbook was in front of her, with her name spelt out in gold and silver embellishments. “That’s pretty.”
 “Yeah. Marnie’s not so bad. But my surname’s Barren, which kind of sucks in a place obsessed with mates.”
I grimaced. “Don’t worry. I’ve been told Chance isn’t even a wolf name.”
“Oh!” She gave me an apologetic look. “You’re the girl who grew up outside the pack?”
“That’s me.” I stared into my Cheerios. I’d always been proud to call myself a Chance. On the Horn, it had meant something, and even though Driftwood wasn’t my real dad, he’d never made me feel like I wasn’t part of his family. Or not until he’d shipped me off to Hunter Moon Academy. “I don’t really belong here,” I told Marnie, then shrugged. “But it’s not forever, right?”
She gave an awkward shrug. “Maybe. But if the Alphason’s already made a claim on you…”
“What?” I dropped my spoon into the bowl, splashing milk across the bench. “Where did you hear that?”
“Sorry. People talk. And then your dud mark is gone…”
I looked down and saw the paw print on the back of my hand had disappeared. The fact I hadn’t noticed it upset me, not because I was attached to it, but because being oblivious was dangerous, both here and in the Horn. When Marnie shrank back at my expression, I forced myself to take a deep breath. “Sorry. It’s just…I didn’t realize. And it’s not like that with Jasper,” I muttered. 
She was silent for a long time, and when I finally looked at her, she was biting her lip in sympathy. “This must seem really strange to someone who grew up outside the packs. I was born into Alphason Marshall’s pack. My sister graduated last year as a beta and my brother is a senior and friends with Reed. I’m a freshman.” I nodded, still staring at the puddle of milk in front of me. I almost jumped when her hand patted my arm. “I may be a dud, but I know how the pack works. Any time you have a question, or just want someone to listen, I promise to try to help.”
I studied her for a moment, wondering if she was playing me. Even the guidance counsellor hadn’t really been interested in helping me. She’d just wanted to make sure I fell into line. But Marnie Barren seemed sincere, and I realized with a jolt she was looking at me like I was a person, and not just a packless dud. “Thanks. And if there’s anything I can ever do for you… I’m not so great with glitter, but I’m ruthless with puzzles.”
She tapped a finger on her scrapbook. “Well, actually, I have this project for Scrapbooking class…”
I cocked a brow. “That’s a thing? Like, it’s a real class?”
She snorted. “Freshman duds all take it. Well, it’s that, or embroidery.” I realized I’d never finished the conversation with the guidance counsellor about my electives, and made a mental note to avoid her office for a while. “We all have to pull a slip of paper out of a box and then interview that person. Ask them about their hobbies and contribution to the pack, and then make a layout of their answers. It’s like half our mark.”
I bit back a snort. “Okay. Who did you get?”
She flipped the scrapbook open and I groaned at the glittery name. “Jasper Arras?”
“Exactly how I felt. Not because I don’t like him!” She looked flustered. “I mean, I don’t know him. And it’s not exactly easy approaching one of them…”
Unfortunately, I didn’t have to worry about that. For some reason, the High Table assholes kept coming to me of their own accord. “We’re also encouraged to include a question about our subject’s favorite dish,” Marnie added. “You know, so we can then make it for them in our cooking class. Any ideas?”
I gaped at her. “You’re shitting me.”
“Nope,” Marnie said with a snigger. “Don’t you know the way to a wolf’s heart is via his stomach?”

***
Marnie was so nervous about approaching Jasper, I agreed to brave the dining hall at lunch, so she could pounce on him as he left. Not that Marnie seemed like the pouncing type. Despite her sense of humor, she was painfully shy, and I had to wonder if her wolf was an omega. Or just a downtrodden dud, I thought as she shrank back against the wall, her wide eyes watching the flow of senior wolves as they headed to afternoon classes. 
I’d planned to get her into position and then flee, which I knew was kind of shitty of me. But I had no interest in seeing Jasper again, and certainly not when the High Table were out in force. But Marnie looked so pale, I was concerned she might pass out altogether. I tried to give her a quick pep talk before I dashed off. “He’s not that bad, for an alphadouche,” I told her. “And he likes to talk about himself. Just toss him a question and he’ll gobble it down like a dog treat.”
It took me a moment to realize Marnie’s paper-white face wasn’t due to the prospect of her interview, but the proximity of her subject. Something I only worked out when a warm hand came to rest on the nape of my neck. “Sounds like a real asshole,” Jasper purred in my ear. “Who’s the mutt in question?”
“Nobody,” I said quickly, turning to face him while Marnie made a strangled noise at my back. “Are dogs even allowed on campus?”
While Jasper stared down at me, my gaze slid to the two girls at his back. They weren’t High Table, but I was pretty sure they were Arras pack, especially given the way they were gazing at Jasper like he hung the moon. A couple guys were waiting behind them, talking about packball, but keeping an eye on their alpha. It was something I’d noticed about Jasper – it wasn’t just the girls who were enamored with him. There was always some guy trying to grab a moment of his attention, too.
Not that I was going to join his fan club. Especially since his icy blues zeroed in on my wrist as I took a quick step back. Unfortunately, that just gave me a better view of the subject of our conversation, and I couldn’t help but notice he was standing in a pool of sunlight. As if the sun followed him around, just so it could light him up like a goddamn angel. A dirty, wolfish angel, but still dazzling enough to make my face burn. 
“Vail Chance,” he purred as he nudged me back towards the wall. “Where have you been hiding yourself?”
“Holy moly,” Marnie muttered under her breath and took a step away from us. It was enough to break me out of his spell, and I nodded in her direction. “This is Marnie. She needs to talk to you about a school assignment.”
“Mmmm-hmmm,” he murmured, his gaze running all over me, like he was committing everything to memory. Or replaying a few choice ones. “I’ve already got a couple duds doing my homework, but always happy to have more.” He finally looked at Marnie. “Are you Becca’s little sister?”
“Yeah, and Carter’s,” she said in a tiny voice. 
“Sure, they’re both good wolves.” He turned back to me. “I came looking for you the other night, but you seemed to have skipped out on punishment duty.”
I folded my arms, my hackles rising. “I figured I earned extra credit.”
“Yes, you did,” he said slowly. “But I wanted to talk to you about what comes next.”
I winced at his word choice, while the two girls behind him tried to splatter me against the wall with their laser glares. “I’m not interested in talking about that,” I told him. Hopefully the nosy bitches spread the word across the school. “And Marnie’s not here to do your homework. She has to interview you for an assignment. Find out about your hobbies, then create a poster or something.”
“And what about you? Do you want to toss some questions at me, too?”
He sounded so smug, I opened my mouth to shoot him down, but the words died in my throat as Reed and Pearl walked over to join him. Every hair on my body bristled to have three of the alphadouches so close. Marnie, I noticed, had dropped her gaze altogether and I frowned at Reed. Wasn’t she in his pack? Was he the reason she acted so submissive all the time?
“What’s going on?” Pearl demanded.
Jasper seemed completely oblivious to the tension. “The girls chose me for their scrapbooking project.”
The other alphadouches glared all the more, and I straightened my spine. “Actually, it’s Marnie’s project. She had to draw a name out of a box, and she got Jasper.”
Reed’s almond eyes swung my way. “And you got me?”
“What? No.” I shook my head, bemused. “It’s a freshman class.”
Pearl narrowed her eyes. “What if he doesn’t want to talk to a dud?”
I shrugged, tempted to tell her he had no problem groaning orders at me in the shower. “I guess she’ll just make some shit up.”
Marnie made a strangled sound, but Jasper cut off Pearl’s angry retort. “You don’t need to do that. I’m more than happy to tell you all about myself.” His eyes slid from Marnie to me. “Assuming you girls are in this together?”
 Fuck me. No, I did not want to be present during Ten Things About Jasper Arras. But Marnie was watching me with big, hopeful eyes. “Yes,” I said finally. “We’re a package deal.”
As soon as the words were out of my mouth, Pearl grabbed my arm, her lip pulled back over her perfect, white teeth. “Did you say you’re a pack, dud?”
I didn’t try to shake her off; I needed to smooth this over, not pick another fight. “No, I said we’re a package. As in we’re both working on this thing together.”
“You’re not pack.”
I held onto my temper by my fingernails. “I get that. We’re not trying to crash your pack. Marnie just needs to do this interview, but she can talk to the teacher and get a new subject if it’s easier.”
Jasper made an angry sound, but Pearl was still holding my arm and she gave me a little shake. “So, you don’t want to be pack?” Her gaze was riveted on mine and I wondered why her eyes, which were a softer, deeper blue than Jasper’s, seemed so much colder. “After everything the Arras Pack has done for you, inviting you to the Clan Caves, and looking out for you around the school. Are you’re rejecting our claim?”
“Enough, Pearl,” Jasper barked, his sunshiny smile replaced with a dark frown. 
“No, Jay!” She turned to Reed. “I have the right to ask this, as alpha female. And you’re the witness, Reed.” Her blond hair almost hit me in the face as she spun back to glare at me. “Tell us, dud, do you reject the Arras Pack claim?”
I glanced at Jasper, who was suddenly watching me with a different kind of intensity. “I think there’s a misunderstanding,” I said slowly. 
“I’m certain there is,” she snapped back. “But this is a simple question. Do you want to be part of our pack, or not?”
Marnie’s hand suddenly clasped my wrist. I appreciated the gesture, especially since Reed’s gaze narrowed when he saw her gripping my arm. I knew it took everything in her not to jump back like she’d been burned, and I frowned. Fuck him. She was a dud freshman, the lowest rung on pretty much every ladder, and she didn’t need an alpha glaring at her. Stepping slightly in front of her, I decided Jasper was the lesser of three evils. “I think that’s between Jasper and me.”
“Damn straight,” he said, the sunlight dancing off him once again. “So, when are we getting together? Tonight?”
I glanced at Marnie. I had no idea of her schedule. At her quick nod, I suggested, “Eight p.m. Maybe in the library?” I’d yet to find my way there, but I assumed a school like this had one somewhere.
“No way. Eight is good, but in our rooms.” Jasper nodded at the other alphadouches. “We have the top floor.”
“Really?” I couldn’t help poking the beast a little. “I wouldn’t have guessed.”



Chapter Fifteen - VAIL


Despite the stress of the coming interviews, Marnie had perked back up at dinner. She’d organized takeout packs from the kitchen, and we’d camped out in the dorm breakroom to eat. I was happy to avoid another run-in with the High Table – especially before we wandered into the mouth of the beast. The thought of being on their floor had left me with a queasy feeling all afternoon and I could only pick at the chicken salad. I’d been thrilled to find that even duds were allowed to use the kitchen’s takeout service, but the closer it got to eight o’clock, the more the chicken tasted like ash in my mouth. 
I squirmed as Marnie rearranged the order of her questions for the third time. My focus was more on what Jasper was going to do, rather than what he would say. He clearly wanted to talk about what had happened in the shower, but he’d also mentioned what came next. This was before Pearl’s not-so-subtle attempts to deny his claim, though. I’d been too embarrassed to admit to Marnie I didn’t even know what a claim was, but I had a feeling Pearl was on a mission to set me straight. Whatever Jasper’s interest in me, his alpha female didn’t like it. And if there was one thing I’d learned about the packs, it was that wolves stuck together. 
We both watched the clock tick down to eight, then Marnie grabbed her notebook and we headed over to the alpha wing. I’d expected some kind of security for their floor, but I supposed that was overkill, when it housed the pack elite. One look at a lesser wolf and they could literally put them on their knees. Still, it felt strange stepping in their elevator and taking it to the top floor. Everything was way better in this part of the school, but I barely glanced at the deep carpet or fancy wallpaper. It was just another sign I didn’t belong. And if it meant putting up with bitches like Pearl, the Arras Pack could keep their luxurious floor. 
When we stepped off the elevator, we were greeted by a dozen identical doors. No nameplates, since they no doubt knew each other by smell alone, and I chewed on my lip as Marnie and I wandered into the middle of the hall. It looked like the fancy hotels I’d seen in movies. There was a kind of rich bubble around everything, the thick carpet absorbing our hesitant steps and the heavy wooden doors blocking any sound from inside the dorm rooms.
I was about to ask Marnie if we should start knocking when a door popped open and Jasper’s head appeared. He was shirtless, and my brain short-circuited for a moment, but his face was blank, his hands stuffed in the pockets of faded jeans. I got a bit distracted by his bare feet for some reason, but when I dragged my gaze back up to his, there was none of that sunshiny light in his eyes. “Is this a bad time? Do you want us to come back later?”
  “No, it’s good,” he said quietly, stepping out into the hall so we had to walk past him. Marnie went first, but she stopped short as soon as she was inside. I was taller than her, and looking around the room, quickly realized Jasper wasn’t alone. Reed was sitting on a couch in front of a huge flatscreen, a game controller in his hand. A second controller was on the coffee table in front of him, along with a couple bottled beers. The same setup I’d seen Darkness and his friends enjoy countless times, and I tried to will my heart to slow. Until I realized Callum Sawyer was sitting in a club chair across the room, a glass of whiskey dangling from his hand. 
Shit. I looked around, quickly counting doorways and windows. Not that Marnie and I could leap from the fifth floor. But this was clearly just the living area, with a small kitchenette in the corner and two doorways I assumed led to the bedroom and ensuite. A little room to maneuver, but not much. I hated to jump straight to worse-case scenarios, but the air was too heavy in the room. Either we’d walked into the middle of an argument, or an ambush.
“Interview’s off. You need to go back to your dorm,” Reed said to Marnie. I’d stopped next to her and the younger girl looked up at me with wide eyes. She was clutching her notebook, the happy sheen having drained from her face to be replaced by a hunted expression. I bit hard on my lip, trying to think of something reassuring to say, but Reed made a strange, rumbling sound and we both jerked in his direction. His face was as hard as granite, deep grooves carved into his cheeks and brow. The game controller he’d been holding was cast aside and his huge body was brunched under him. “Wolf, do I need to tell you a second time?”
I cried out as Marnie crashed to her knees. As soon as she made contact, she scuttled towards the door, her head tucked so low it almost touched the ground. I sprang after her, but Jasper must have been waiting for it, because he pulled me back hard against his chest. As soon as Marnie reached the hall, he kicked the door closed behind her. His arm was a steel band across my breasts, but I barely noticed. My gaze was locked on the door, and the image of Marnie crawling out of the room like a whipped dog.
I turned to shoot daggers at Reed. “You’re a fucking asshole!”
Jasper shook me from behind. It was harsh enough to rattle my ribs, and his voice hissed in my ear, “Watch it, dud. This isn’t play time anymore.”
Fuck you, too. I didn’t miss his use of the word dud, or the fact his arm was grinding into my ribs. Whatever game he’d been playing in the showers was definitely over.
When he stiffened behind me, I realized Callum was on his feet. I hadn’t seen him move, but I was pretty sure the guy was more snake than wolf. Coiled and disinterested one minute, launching at you the next with his fangs out. Like Jasper, he was barefoot, but he was in the soft leather pants and his school shirt, which was untucked, the top three buttons undone. He was a wrinkled mess, but that didn’t detract from the waves of menace coming off him.
I was so distracted by his approach, it took a moment to notice the yellow file in his hand. When he dropped it on the coffee table, the cover fell open and I saw Mrs. Greyson’s notes clipped to the front. “Jasper told us you performed well on your first test. He said you were into it. Eager. And for once, you seemed to know your place.”
I felt a shock run through the body behind me, but Jasper didn’t relax his hold. Instead, he ground his pelvis against my back, and his nose pressed to my neck. Bile churned in my gut, but somehow, I managed to dredge up the breath to speak. “I didn’t realize it was a test. Maybe if someone had told me, I would have practiced more.”
Jasper hissed in my ear, but Callum didn’t look impressed by my snark; if anything, his black eyes darkened. “Maybe you want us to grade you again. Jay’s bathroom is big enough for the four of us.”
Reed slowly rose to his full height, and I shrank back against Jasper before I could stop myself. “No,” I said quietly. “I know my place.”
“Lie,” Callum replied, but he just took a sip of his whisky and watched me over the rim. “Your file also says you asked about a tuition payment plan. In the event you could return home.” His eyes narrowed. “You know the real cost of that, don’t you?”
“Yes.” Blood climbed my neck at the disdain in his voice. “You paid my family to send me here.”
“And put your brother into college.”
“Yes.”
“Tell us about this brother. Darkness Chance.”
I squirmed; there wasn’t a topic I wanted to discuss less in present company than my relationship with Darkness. “There’s not a lot to tell. He’s my age. He was born in the Horn. But he wants to get a farm in the valley someday, maybe raise Mustangs...”
I couldn’t read the flash of emotion that crossed Callum’s face, before he gave me a grim smile. “But he’s not really your brother, is he? Seems you do things different on your mountain. Did your foster dad take you in for a reason? Was he really just doing your dead dad a favor? Or did he pick you out, so he and his son had fresh pussy during those long winters you talked about?”
I bit my tongue so hard I tasted blood. But I wasn’t going to spit vile words back at him. Wherever this conversation was going, I didn’t give two shits about their opinion of me or my family. I just had to hold my nerve and get out of this room. “Is that really what you want to talk about?”
“You think this is a conversation?” Callum smiled again. “Despite what you seem to think, no one is interested in you, dud. All we want are answers.” Callum drained his drink and set it down in the middle of my file. “Tell us about Trey Barakat.”
I sagged in Jasper’s arms. That asshole again? “He’s nobody. A thug. Drugs and moonshine and whatever other shady shit is going around.”
“Not his rap-sheet,” Jasper barked in my ear, making me jump. “What does he mean to you?”
“And don’t lie again,” Callum said in a silky tone. “Not only can we smell it on you, but Jasper overheard your conversation with Barakat.”
I froze. What had Trey been saying before Jasper punched a hole in the door? I replayed what I could remember in my head, then pulled a face. “You mean how he called me his prize?” When Jasper growled, I tried to squirm out of his hold, but his hand gripped my hip, his fingers biting in. “Is that why you’re doing this? Because of Trey’s bullshit claim?”
Callum’s gaze dipped to my wrist, before giving me a disgusted look. “You admit it?”
“That Trey thinks he owns everything on the mountain, including me? Of course, he does. He’s a psychopath who’s never been put on a leash. But if you’re asking if I want his attention, then no. Which I tell him every time he corners me somewhere and spews some crap about belonging to him.” I tried to dig my elbows into Jasper’s ribs, but it was like hitting a wall. “You guys should know all about that.”
Callum ignored the insult. “Trey Barakat has connections to a pack we’ve been at war with for a long time. By association, you’re tainted goods.” I shivered at the look in his eyes, but instead of pushing his advantage, he retreated to the club chair. When he was seated, he said, “We could send you away, call in the debt to your family, but we’ve decided to keep a close eye on you.” 
“I get it.” I said, forcing myself to lower my gaze. “I need to prove my loyalty to you.”
Callum made a rude sound. “You think we want tainted goods under our noses? Reed will assign a lower-ranked male to keep you in line.”
Jasper was a block of unmoving muscle behind me, but if they expected me to look disappointed by this news, they’d be waiting a long time. “Okay. I understand.”
Callum ran a hand through his messy hair, his lip curled. “I don’t think you’ve understood one damned thing since you strolled onto this campus with your nose in the air, Vail Chance.”
I didn’t know what to say to that, since it was mostly true. But how many people knew they were being dropped into an insane asylum until the bars slammed shut behind them? 
“And no interview,” Jasper muttered, turning me around so hard I stumbled. All that sunshine energy was locked behind his icy gaze. Jerking his head at a pile of dusty scrapbooks dumped next to the door, he said, “Take that lot with you, though. Might give you a clue how a real dud is s’pose to act.”


Chapter Sixteen - JASPER


I regretted the words as soon as they were out of my mouth. Vail barely looked at me as she snatched up the dusty scrapbooks and fled through the door. As pissed as I was about the information the pack enforcer had uncovered, a part of me understood exactly why betrayal had flashed in her mesmerizing eyes. She’d come in here thinking she was going to ask me a few questions for her friend’s assignment, maybe talk about what had happened in the showers, and then found herself in the middle of an alpha ambush. 
Another part of me was burning with anger. She’s played off her connection to Barakat when I’d found them together at the Clan Caves, even suggesting it was all a coincidence. But reports from her own neighbors said it was common knowledge that Barakat had claimed Vail Chance as his own. He and Darkness Chance were even considered close friends, although there was no evidence of Vail’s brother being part of his criminal businesses. Although a look at their financial records revealed the Chances were one of the few families on the Horn who were mortgage-free, despite having no real income. 
Had Driftwood Chance sold his foster daughter to the local slumlord? We’d discussed the possibility when I’d shared my enforcer’s report with Cal and Reed. But as Reed had pointed out, why would he then have agreed to send Vail away to the Academy? Apparently, he didn’t need the ten grand the school had paid to get her here. Was her foster father playing both ends, reminding Barakat of the hold he had over Vail’s life, while also trying to screw some more money out of the Academy? His guardianship ended when Vail turned eighteen in a few months. If he was going to get something out of her, he’d need to work quickly. The irony wasn’t lost on me that at eighteen, Vail would also come into her wolf maturity, and would start her instinctive search for a mate.
I ground my teeth as Reed and Callum began talking quietly behind me. They weren’t excluding me, given that was virtually impossible with wolf hearing, but they knew I was sick of talking about Trey Barakat. 
Every time I heard his name, I remembered the way he’d held Vail by the throat, the casual way he’d called her his prize. Maybe some of that anger had leaked out into the way I’d just held her; tight enough, I was sure, to leave bruises on her ribs. Cal had insisted we needed to scare her a little. Try to get her to slip up and admit to her relationship with Barakat. I’d objected at the time, but something about the female made me crazy. Thank fuck we’d smelled the truth on her when she’d denied Barakat’s claim. Seemed she hated the guy almost as much as she hated us. 
The fucker might had claimed her, but he hadn’t had her. Her wolf might have been buried deep, but we could all smell Vail’s innocence. Cal had taunted her about being pussy for her foster brother, but we knew she was a virgin. And even if I hadn’t been able to tell from her scent, I’d have known from the way she’d acted in the shower stall. It was the least coordinated suds and duds job I’d ever had, but the way she went from confused to fully engaged in about three heartbeats had sent a bolt of pure, electric lust from my balls to my brain stem.
All I’d been able to think of was getting her into my den. Not the room on the alpha floor, where every furry cock could hear her moans and smell her eagerness, but back home, on my pack lands. In my den bed. 
Not the sort of thing I should’ve be thinking during a fumble in the shower, but my wolf knew what he liked. He’d practically marched me into that damn bathroom, his claws wrapped around my balls. He didn’t give a shit she was a packless dud with a smart mouth. Damp, panting Chance was the fucker’s perfect pin-up, no question about it. 
So, I’d claimed her. Not something I’d ever done before, despite plenty of willing wrists being shoved in my face, and a few even down my pants. And the second I’d marked her, my wolf had settled. I’d felt his disappointment that her own wolf didn’t rise up to greet him, but underneath it all he was a cocky prick. He was convinced our bond would draw her out, and I could feel his mouth salivating at the thought of finally capturing her elusive ass. 
But Trey Barakat had soured all that. His claim was bad enough, but his ties to the Black Den Pack pushed her into toxic territory. We’d been fighting the Black Denners for so long, their history was painted on our cave walls, just as their blood was soaked into our pack lands. They’d always sided with our natural enemies, jealous of the prosperity of our pack and the strength of our alphas. Of course, my wolf didn’t give a shit about politics and land feuds. As far as he was concerned, Vail Chance was a prospective mate. And while she wore his mark, nothing was going to stop him from pursuing her.  
Vail Chance should have been over the damn moon. A dud, with no pack connections, and she was the first to be claimed by the Arras Pack heir. None of that bullshit the other low-ranked wolves went through during their Academy years, jostling to make a connection before graduation. Was it any wonder the females hated her, and the other duds were mystified by her? A couple weeks at the school, and she had an alpha claim burned into her wrist. Especially when the most we’d done together was a duds and suds service. But my wolf was a pushy fucker, and he’d known. He’d wanted that green-eyed, sulky-mouthed spitfire.
Just like he’d read that flash of betrayal on her face as she’d scuttled out of my room. The thought of her running from me left a sour taste in my mouth. Alphas liked frightened prey – inciting and responding to fear was a major part of our chemical makeup – but my wolf didn’t want her cowering in a corner. He wanted her twisted up and panting for us, her eager scent scattered in front of us like a red fucking carpet.
An image that had his claws rake my balls in frustrated anger. 
“She’s off-limits, you hear me, Jay?”
“What?” I turned to watch the other two staring at me. There was a stillness about them, as if they’d been watching me for some time.
“Your claim is dissolved,” Reed said in his clipped, stick-up-the-butt way. “She rejected it. And she’s too much of a loose cannon to accept back in without further review.”
I was pretty sure my wolf was a heartbeat off castrating me. “My claim is solid. Even with Pearl trying to back her into a corner, she didn’t reject the pack.”
Reed’s fists tightened, but Callum was shaking his head. “You can’t risk it. Besides, you can smell her insolence a mile off. Bad enough if she was an alpha, but she’s a dud. A biped mother and a nobody wolf for a father...” He raised his brows. “Your dad would never put up with it.”
True, but that was my problem, not his. I studied Callum more closely. The guy always looked like he’d just rolled out of bed, but those black-eyed lasers in his skull missed nothing. Cold didn’t begin to describe the way he looked at the world. But I knew he had a personal beef with duds. He might like to act unaffected around Chance, but the shadow hanging over him stank of spite whenever she strolled into view. “You don’t need to worry about my family business, Cal.”
He smirked. “Did you tell her what that claiming mark actually means? That she’s a potential mate to your pack, assuming you can get another two alphas to endorse it?” He rolled his head on the seat back and laughed. “I s’pose you’re gonna force Baron and Felix to stick up their hands.” His eyes flashed. “Or their dicks, as the case may be.”
Reed grunted and glared at me. “We told her no alphas. We can’t go back on that now.”
“You’re a pair of fucking cockblockers,” I snapped back. “And I never agreed to handing her off to one of your betas.”
“It’s the right move,” Reed told me shortly. “Why are you so hot for a dud, anyway?”
Fuck you and your hard dick every time she glances your way. It was on the tip of my tongue to say it – and a lot of worse shit from my frustrated wolf – but I didn’t want to poke their beasts. We had a good balance going at the Academy. We knew our roles, and for three extreme alphas, we managed to get along without too much friction. And my wolf was too hot for Chance’s shady ass. 
“No matter how you want to spin it, Jay, with her lack of birthclaim and her connection to the Black Denners, she’s gonna end up breeding for a low-ranker at best,” Callum said with the sly twitch of his lips. “Should let that play out sooner rather than later.”


Chapter Seventeen – VAIL


I didn’t see Marnie until the next morning over breakfast. I was worried she might want nothing to do with me after her treatment by the alphadouches, but she gave me a small smile when I entered the breakroom. I flopped down next to her and half-heartedly laced up my shoes. All that time I’d bitched at Darkness about his sloppy dressing, and now I’d give anything to be staring at him over the breakfast table, trip hazard and all. Pushing the thought aside, I began peeling my banana, and looked around. There was an air of excitement that was unusual for our dorm, and it didn’t take me long to work out why. 
“Can you believe it?” A girl with frizzy dark hair elbowed between us as she reached for the Cheerios. Sloshing milk into her bowl, she snatched a glossy flyer out of Marnie’s hand. “It’s the first time they’ve ever let duds attend one of their dances. And the Hunter Moon Formal! It’s like the best dance of all. Well, after the Ascension Prom, but that’s obviously only for seniors.”
I raised my eyebrows at Marnie, who gave me a weak smile. I had no idea what the Hunter Moon Formal was, but if we were allowed to attend, it couldn’t have been all that. “You sure it’s an invitation and not an appointment reminder?” I asked the girl. “Like for us to serve drinks and shine their shoes and stuff?”
The frizzy-haired girl looked crestfallen for a moment, before quickly scanning the flyer. “No. No, I can’t see anything about that.”
I shrugged, and the girl bounced away to show the flyer to the other girls having breakfast. I winced at the happy squeals that erupted at the news. “Are they serious? They actually want to go?” I glanced at Marnie when she didn’t snigger along with me. “Oh. You want to go, too.”
She shrugged. “It doesn’t matter.” I studied her face, until she gave a little sigh. “You have to get permission from your alpha.”
“Oh.” I wasn’t sure if she wanted to talk about the way Reed had forced her to crawl out of the room last night, so I asked instead, “Did you get the scrapbooks I left with your dormmate?” I hadn’t been up to facing her last night, and had left Jasper’s parting gift with another freshman.
“Yes, thanks. I can’t believe he’s been interviewed like nine times.” She chewed on her lip. “Was everything okay after I left? I mean, they didn’t hurt you, or anything?”
I felt a rush of affection for the girl. She’d been forced out of the room on her knees, but she was worried about me. “Nothing bad happened,” I told her. “I think the whole claiming thing was a mistake, and they just wanted to remind me of my place.”
“Oh.” She winced, but didn’t push for details, and I was relieved. I wasn’t up for a rehash of what had gone down on the alpha floor. And I wasn’t prepared to explain why I was now one hundred percent focused on getting the hell out of the Academy. 
Last night had been a good reminder that I didn’t belong. It was going to be hard if Driftwood’s debt was called in, or Darkness was yanked out of school, but what choice did I have? My stomach still flipped to think I’d be making the coming winter even bleaker than usual. Darkness’ disappointment would hang over the cabin like a shroud and every cent would have to be pinched twice over. But I knew in my heart Driftwood wouldn’t want me to stay. He’d taught me a lot about personal responsibility and making the kind of decisions that meant I’d never be a victim. 
I tried to imagine Driftwood’s face if I told him about last night, or the pack contract that waited for me after graduation. He knew people had to get by and that life was rarely fair, but servicing the pack as their lowest dog’s-body would have been dead last on the list of things he wanted for me. I just needed to remember to sugar-coat my story a bit when I explained why I had to leave the Academy. Or Horn hellfire would likely rain down on the Hunter Moon pack.
First thing I needed to do was get hold of a phone or smuggle a letter to Driftwood. If that didn’t work, I could probably walk the eighty miles back to Ridgemont, if I was prepared for a long, hard slog. Boosting a car was a risk and I wasn’t sure about bumming lifts so close to pack lands, so either option had to be considered a last resort. 
Listening to the excited chatter behind me, I decided the Hunter Moon Formal would be a good time to make my move. It was still a week away, which gave me time to contact Driftwood. And given the excitement the dance was already generating, I could probably waltz out of the gates with no one the wiser until the next morning. Smiling to myself, I made plans with Marnie to meet up at lunch and then headed off to class. I was feeling so good about my plan, I didn’t even really care it was one I shared with Alphadouche Reed. 
Not that I paid him much mind, since Math was my new favorite class. Mr. Wentworth looked more like an English professor than a Math teacher, with high cheekbones and gray, soulful eyes. He had a cowlick that curled his russet hair into his eyes and black-framed glasses that magnified his dreamy gaze. Most of the staff dressed on the sporty side, in polos and khakis, but he wore a three-piece suit and would roll his fingers through his tie as he mesmerized us with equations.
Math had never been my strong suit, but I was definitely gunning for Most Improved after he spent five minutes at my desk. His cologne was subtle, his fingers pale and lean. His voice had a soft lilt to it, and I’m not sure I blinked once as he unpacked the problem on my worksheet in his delicious accent. I think it was calculating the stopping distance of a car, but all the numbers and letters were a soupy mess in my brain. Especially when he pressed those long fingers into my shoulder and told me to check in with him next lesson if I had any problems. 
I was pretty sure I’d seen a flash of male appreciation when I swung my way out of my desk at the bell. It felt nice to have someone smiling at me for a change and I was humming a little as I turned into the hall. But the body that came up behind me knocked the happy right off my face. Before I could plant my feet, it bulldozed me into a dark alcove. Not just a shady corner, but another room, the shape and size of a supply closet. I caught sight of Reed’s grim face a moment before he nudged me into the inky darkness. I stumbled, and almost screamed as I ran straight into another body. It had a hard chest, and the hands that wrapped around my wrists felt like iron cuffs. I cursed as the other guy pulled me against him and forced my face into his shirt. It didn’t smell like pepper or sunshine, the two scents I associated with Reed’s asshole alpha buddies. I also didn’t recognize his voice as the guy muttered, “She smells damn good, Reed.” 
“She’s probably turned on. That fucker Wentworth was salivating all over her in class.”
“Hey!” I slapped the Reed-shape I could barely make out in the dim lighting. “That’s fucking gross. He’s a teacher!”
“And she blushes.” The other guy gave a low chuckle, his finger stroking my hot cheek. “Fuck, that’s a pretty color. Can’t wait to see what the rest of her looks like.”
“You can see me?” For some reason the thought horrified me, and I couldn’t hide the wave of fear that washed over me. I tried to spin around, but Reed was suddenly pushing me from behind. Not to knock me over, so much as to sandwich me between him and the other guy. He was definitely the bigger of the two, and for a moment my panic surged as his body caged me in. He shoved me hard enough that all three of us hit the wall, but instead of pushing back, the smaller guy went still. Reed’s hands gripped my hips, his nose pressed against the back of my neck. Something feral rumbled in his chest. “Her heart’s racing,” the other guy said, his hand sliding up over my ribs and pressing on my breastbone. “You frightened, dud? Or is this getting you worked up, having two wolves rammed up against you?”
“That’s fear,” Reed said, his voice full of heat. “Fucking smells like heaven.”
The other guy gave a low chuckle. “Shit, did no one teach you to hide your fear from your alpha, dud? That’s a red rag you’re waving at his wolf.”
“He’s not my alpha,” I hissed, thrashing to get free. My head bounced off a shoulder and my elbow hit something that clanked to the floor. I don’t know if it was the noise, but Reed’s hands flew off me and I was able to duck away. I pressed my back against a shelving unit. It still sucked ass to be blind while they could see, but at least I could breathe without drowning in their scents. My hands scraped behind me, searching for another door. “Let me out, Reed.”
He sounded grim. “The word is out on you, Chance. You’re fair game unless you work something out with a good wolf.”
I longed to tell him that no such beast existed, but I knew better than to antagonize two wolves in a dark box. “I’m not servicing some random guy in a broom closet.”
“You only like wolf dick in the shower?” The guy was suddenly back on me, his hand pressing down on my head. I tried to pull away, but he grabbed my ponytail and swung me down to my knees. The floor was wet, and as my palms slapped the concrete, I breathed in the bitter tang of cleaning bleach. I tried to punch him in the balls, but his hand covered my face, his fingers biting in until my jaw throbbed. 
“I was in the bathroom and saw you run out on Arras. Soaking wet, glassy eyed and high on alpha.” His zip was suddenly down and I felt his erection press against my cheek. It poked at me like a crooked finger and puke burned the back of my throat. My hand scratched around looking for a weapon, but all I could feel was the bleach pooling around my knees. It burned my fingers and I tried to shake it off, but he began forcing my jaw open until I yelped. “You’ll learn to take me, little dud. Especially when I’ve got my pack buddies waiting in line. Fuck!”
He ripped his hand off my face, and as he gasped in pain, I thought one of my punches had finally found its mark. But a moment later he crashed into the wall and I heard the distinct sound of a fist hitting flesh. “Fucking learn some manners, Potter,” Reed growled, before grabbing my arm and pulling me to my feet. I stumbled straight into him, but he whirled me around and shoved me forward. I couldn’t tell left from right, but a moment later we were bursting out the door. Before I could catch a glimpse of Potter, Reed swept me down the hall and straight into the boys’ bathroom. 
“Out!” he hollered and the two guys at the urinal scattered. I staggered over to the vanity and turned the faucet on full blast. I moaned as the water cascaded over my burning hands.
“What’s wrong?” Reed demanded, looming over my shoulder. I ignored him, scrubbing under my nails and lathering up my hands as much as I could with the dried-out sliver of soap. “Is that bleach?”
I glared at him in the mirror, my lip curled in disgust. “You just saved that asshole from a bleach handjob. The only thing that stopped me, was he might have made me suck him clean -.”
“Stop!” Reed’s fist hit the wall hard enough to crack the tile. “I didn’t know you were kneeling in bleach.”
“I thought an alpha’s nose was his best asset.” I shook my head, wincing at the red burns blooming across my palms. I’d had a chemical burn before, and the only thing you could really do was wash it off. Still, the skin was already pink and shiny, the pain making me shaky. I turned to look for paper towel, but of course, the dispenser was empty. And the refills were probably back with crooked dick Potter in the supply closet. My eyes narrowed on Reed’s reflection. “Remind me to pack rubber gloves the next time I’m introduced to one of your good wolves.”
“Potter will pay for that. Here.” He pulled off his school shirt, buttons skittering across the floor as he gently pressed it into my hands. “Dry yourself off. I’ll take you to the medical bay.”
I shook my head at him and began pulling off my jeans. Thank God I’d decided to wear them today, instead of the school’s super short uniform skirt. As it was, my knees were bright pink, with tiny blisters starting to form on my kneecaps. Soaking the sleeve of Reed’s shirt, I tried to pat off the excess bleach, wincing at the pain. “That was to impress you, you know that, right? Putting the dud on her knees. That sad attempt at a hard-on was all for you.”
 He loomed over me suddenly. “Stop talking.” Dropping to a knee, he took his shirt and after soaking it in the soapy water, began dabbing at my legs. “I’m gonna thrash the hide off the prick.”
“You put me in that position! He was just doing what you wanted.”
“I didn’t want that.”
I thumped his shoulder with the heel of my hand; the only part that didn’t sting. “And then you made it worse! Talking about the teacher panting over me. Then shoving me into him, like I was a fucking sandwich you were hand-delivering…”
Reed reared back to his feet, his shirt dropped between us. “Are you trying to get a rise out of me, Vail?” He took a step towards me, bumping me back against the sink. “Turn around.” Jerking me by the hips, he pressed them hard against the porcelain and I stared at him in the mirror. Silver shine danced across his eyes, and under the bright fluorescents I could see something other than Reed staring back at me. I shivered as his pine smell grew stronger, his bare chest burning against my spine. His voice dropped low, edged with a throaty rumble. “Can you see him, Vail? That’s what was with us in the dark, when I shoved you into Potter. I’m sorry about the bleach, but he was riding me as hard as I was riding you. Especially when he tasted your fear.”
I bent my elbows and shoved them hard into his ribs. “Not. My. Fault!”
“No, but fault doesn’t mean much to a wolf. He’s scented you, and he doesn’t want you near a lesser wolf.”
“Neither do I!” I sagged against the sink. “Why can’t you just all stay away from me?”
He studied me for a long moment, as if he really didn’t know the answer. Finally, he said in his clipped way, “Pack doesn’t like loose ends.”
I gave a sad, little laugh. If ever there was a crappy reason for what was wrong in their world, it was that statement. But at least it made the wolf fade from his eyes and he stopped pressing against my back. Slinging his damp shirt around my waist, I bundled my ruined jeans in front of me and shuffled to the door. “People aren’t ends, Reed. And pack life looks damn messy from where I’m standing.”


Chapter Eighteen - VAIL 


I took a shower in the dud dorm bathroom and missed most of third period. Little tremors danced along my limbs as I replayed the scene in the supply closet. No matter how many times I ducked my head under the water, I couldn’t seem to shake Potter’s touch. When I finally climbed out, the chemical burns were bright pink and my hands were shaking. My jeans were trashed, but I rinsed out Reed’s shirt as best I could and hung it over the radiator. I was frankly tired of ending up wet around horny wolves, and swore the next time I saw them near any kind of water source, I was going to try drowning every one of the assholes. 
The only other jeans I’d packed seemed to have shrunk in the last wash and I ended up changing into the ridiculous school skirt. It meant my bright pink knees were on display, but given the number of predators in this school, I bet I wasn’t the only girl sporting that particular war wound. I managed to slip into fourth period right on the bell and was relieved to find I didn’t recognize anyone in the class. It was History, one of my favorites, and I was able to push the supply closet incident to the back of my mind until I joined Marnie for lunch.
Her eagle eyes locked straight on the shiny red patches on my hands and knees. “Oh, my God, Vail! What happened?”
I groaned into my chicken wrap. “Would you believe it was another cleaning incident?” When Marnie raised her eyebrows, I reluctantly recounted what had happened in the supply closet. 
“Luke Potter? From my pack?” Her shoulders hitched up to her ears and she dropped her sandwich. “I always knew he was an asshole.”
Totally. “I don’t think he knew I was kneeling in bleach. Not that he was giving me a choice, either way.”
“What a turd breath!” she hissed, then grabbed my sleeve. “He’s a wannabe alpha, taking out his frustrated status on others. It’s the shifter version of small dick syndrome.”
“Yeah, well from what I could tell, he wasn’t just small, but crooked.”
Marnie bit out a laugh, before the fire quickly returned to her eyes and her small chin thrust forward in anger. “Come on, I’m taking you to the medical bay. They should have a burn cream, or something.” I nodded, tears pricking the back of my eyes as we shuffled out of our seats and headed towards the stairs. Now that I was bathing in her righteous anger, my own emotions were rising up. I was going to find a way to kick Luke Potter in the balls, but Reed was the one who’d set it up. And his alphadouche friends were the ones who’d decided I was fair game.
I dashed away a hot tear as Marnie led me down the basement stairs, towards the medical bay. I was also angry at myself. I knew better than to get lured into dangerous situations. Not that I’d had much of a choice with Reed bulldozing me into the broom closet, but I’d seen enough to know ambushes and power plays were a part of wolf culture. 
“It’s not your fault,” Marnie said quietly, when we reached the door of the medical bay. It was eerie down on this level, with its clanking pipework and hissing boilers. The roof was low, and the overhead light cast a murky glow over the tight passageway. If I’d been alone, I would have been leaping at every shadow. As it was, my heart was racing and my breath was coming in tiny puffs. “Pack life screws with your head,” she said quietly. “It can make you question yourself. But just remember none of it is your fault. They’re bigger, stronger, and they don’t follow the rules you grew up with.”
I shrugged, more tears leaking down my cheeks and into my collar. “The Horn isn’t so different. I just… I should’ve fought my way out.”
Marnie’s bottom lip wobbled. “Even if you had, alphas control your wolf. They’ll always come out on top, Vail.”
I groaned and pressed my thumbs into my eye sockets, hissing as the burned skin throbbed. When I opened my eyes, a pretty, older woman in a white uniform was standing in the doorway and looking at me sympathetically. “What have you done to yourself?”
“It wasn’t my fault,” I said and Marnie gave me a proud nod as the nurse led me into the medical bay. It was small, but surprising well equipped for something shoved into the bowels of the building. Given all the four-legged assholes running around, I kind of expected it to look like a vet clinic, but when I said as much to the nurse, she gave a soft laugh. “Wolves are pretty resilient. We heal quickly and only really use human medicine for its convenience.”
She was inspecting my hands under a bright light and I jerked back a bit as her words sank in. “You’re a wolf?”
“Omega,” she said with a small smile. 
“Oh, I thought omegas were always…”
“Breeders?” She eased me down onto a narrow bed covered with a sheet of crisp paper. Reaching into a small drawer in the metal cabinet, she pulled out a silver tube and placed it on a small tray next to a roll of gauze. “We are. But we also can have a day job. Especially if we can’t produce pups.”
There was an echo of old pain in her voice and I felt bad for asking. “I’m sorry.”
She gave me a quick smile. “It’s okay. This is just a different kind of caregiving.”
I made sure my lip didn’t curl at the word ‘caregiver’. She was clearly proud of her work, as her gentle fingers dabbed cream into my hands. I bit back a moan of relief as they immediately cooled, wishing I’d come straight here. Reed had mentioned the medical bay, but instead of bringing me to the nurse, he’d rammed me into a bathroom vanity and flashed his wolf. 
Alphas clearly sucked as caregivers. I gritted my teeth, but slowly relaxed as she rolled the gauze over my hands. The pain was now a dull throb, and it felt good to have the sensitive skin covered. I closed my eyes against the overhead glare, but they popped open again when she eased back the plaster I’d put over Jasper’s claiming mark. Unfortunately, it seemed to have more lasting power than the dud pawprint. 
“Don’t suppose you have a cream for that?” I asked her.
She just smiled as she smoothed the plaster back in place, then dabbed my knees with the gel and covered them in gauze. She gave me a couple pills, both for the pain and inflammation, then suggested I spend the next period resting. Marnie promised to get word to my teacher and I settled under a thin blue blanket that smelled of vanilla.  I was asleep before Marnie left.
But I woke to the medical bay door slamming open. I jumped, immediately thinking of Potter and his ruthless grip on my face, but some small part of me wasn’t surprised to find Jasper glaring down at me, the silver shine in his eyes flashing dangerously. His gaze danced around the room like he’d never seen it before, then slammed back into me. Every hair on my body stood to attention at the fury radiating off him. When he took another step into the room, the nurse slowly rose from where she’d been sitting at her desk. Lowering her head, she said in a gentle voice, “Alphason Arras, this wolf needs care. Her hands and knees were badly burned…”
A strangled sound came out of Jasper’s chest and he tore off the thin blanket. Peeling back the gauze, he flinched when he saw the bubbles forming on my legs. Bending down, he ran his nose over my left kneecap, and I thumped his shoulder. “Hey, that tickles! Get off me, Jasper!”
He made a strange chuffing sound, and shook his head like he’d smelled something bad. When he turned to look at the nurse, his eyes were almost completely silver. “Bleach?”
The woman nodded, her head still bowed, and I thumped him in the shoulder again. “Yes, bleach! You can ask me, since I was there. Along with your friends Reed and Potter, if the wolf gossip circle hasn’t caught you up already.”
“Reed was there?”
“He took me there. I was walking out of class and he shoved me in a broom closet with his crooked dick friend.”
“Who put you on your knees?”
“Does it matter?” I ask wearily. “You guys declared open season on me, remember?”
Jasper looked stricken for a moment, then slid an arm under my shoulders, and picked me up off the bed. “I walked down here,” I objected, even though the left side of my body didn’t totally hate the position. He’d finally put a shirt on, but it was thin to the point of sheer, and did nothing to disguise either his warmth, or his muscles. “You don’t need to carry me.”
“We’re not going back up that way.” Giving the nurse a terse nod, he left the room. There was another passage perpendicular to the way we’d come in, and he headed down its shadowy length, careful not to knock my head on the exposed pipework or narrow walls. I thought about struggling, insisting he put me down and let me walk, but he was holding me in a death grip. That strange rumble was also vibrating from his chest. When he looked down at me, the silver had receded a little, but his sunshine smell was strong, with a hard edge that reminded me of copper. “You should have come to me,” he muttered, kicking a door at the end of the passageway open and starting up a stairwell. “Don’t you get that you’re claimed?”
“I didn’t ask to be,” I grumbled as he reached a landing and elbowed open another door. “None of this has been my idea.”
He ducked his head, sniffing my hair, but I was distracted by a new scent. I could only think of rainwater on hot rocks. The kind that came at the end of a long summer, when the ground steamed and the moisture was sucked into the soil. But as he rounded a bend, I saw dark water. It almost filled the room, and I began to kick. 


Chapter Nineteen – VAIL


My panic was instinctual. I liked swimming, but I’d had it with wolves and water. I tried to buck my way out of his arms, but Jasper was holding me too tight. My bruised ribs ached and I felt a scream building in my throat. Was he going to throw me in? Hold me under until I learned my lesson?
“Shh.” The word was soothing, despite my panic. “It’s just us. You don’t have to be afraid.”
I wanted to laugh. At least half the time he was the reason for my fear, or at least a spectator to it. I searched the room and saw it was windowless, but with a skylight set in the soaring roof. It must have been an annex to the main building, because moonlight streamed through the glass, bathing the water in silver. Coiled ropes of steam hung over the pool, and sweat popped along my hairline the closer we got to the edge. When I breathed in, I tasted salt and something metallic. My tongue suddenly felt soft and heavy against my teeth. 
The swimming pool itself was strange. There weren’t any lanes or lifeguard stands, no kickboards or bleachers, just an expanse of dark water, with a sloping shallow end. “It’s a mineral pool,” Jasper explained, as if he’d read my thoughts. “Part of a natural spring. The water’s heated, which helps with healing.”
I was dubious, but Jasper just walked us down that sloping bank, clothes and all. I had only a moment to kick off my Keds and toss them aside, before the warm water came up over my feet. I moaned as it slid up the backs of my legs, steam coiling around us. Was this what the Barakat hot-tub felt like?  I braced as the warm water slid over my throbbing knees, but the ache immediately lessened. Hesitantly I dipped my bandaged hands into the water. It felt good.
“Take them off,” Jasper muttered, and for a moment I froze, thinking he meant my clothes. But he just juggled me a little so he could peel the gauze away from my hands. “The she-wolf should know better. You don’t need this shit.” Taking my hand in his, his brow knotted at the pink wounds, before he dipped my palm under the water. My fingers fluttered and I let my head fall back a little, not even caring that I was getting my hair wet. “How’s that?”
“It’s really good,” I said.
“I can do better.” There was a thickness in his voice that made me open my eyes.  My breath caught as he brought my hand to his face and licked the palm, right over the wounds. My hand tried to squeeze shut, but he held me still, slipping one of my fingers into his mouth. It was a different kind of warm heat, and the fluttering was suddenly echoed in my belly. His tongue twisted around my finger, sucking it deeper and I felt the gentle scrape of his teeth. Such a small part of me, but surrounded by the dark water, it felt like he was drawing every inch of my body inside his warm mouth.
“Jasper,” I gasped. “What? That’s so…”
“Good?” 
I panted something, because he’d moved onto another finger, and then was drawing two more in for the same treatment. Every pull of his mouth throbbed through me, my spine tightening as his tongue lapped along my sensitive skin. I blinked up at the skylight, watching the moon bob, only half full, but bright as a beacon. I wondered what I looked like, my shirt plastered to my skin, my school skirt blooming around me, and my fingers in his mouth. My toes curled as he finished my left hand and started on my right. My head spun, from the heat and the mineral tang that filled my lungs, but mostly from the sensations he was dragging out of me. I was barely thinking as I curled the fingers he’d released around his neck, burying them in the golden hairs above his damp collar. God, they felt so soft. How could a wolf feel as silky soft as a kitten?
As he finished my second hand, he swung me around, until my thighs were hitched on his hips. My breath stuttered in my chest. Moonlight drenched his face, his hair gleaming from the steam. But I was drowning in his eyes, which were as silver and unsettled as the ripples on the water. 
His hands pulled my legs tighter around him and everything throbbed. But the pain was gone. This ache was different. Deeper, and somehow worse. My burned fingers were forgotten, except for where they dug into the muscles across his shoulder blades. I groaned something and he pressed his nose to my chest, breathing in. The answering sound that vibrated against my damp skin made my toes curl hard enough to hurt. His voice rasped against my collarbone. “Better, baby?”
“No!” The moan was more of a whine, and I cringed at the sound, but he just hummed. “Tell me what you need. Tell me where it hurts and I’ll make it better.”
My eyes popped open. His gaze was hooded, but he was tense all over, the corner of his mouth hitched in pain. I knew what he was feeling – his erection was hard against my thigh – but he made no move to grind against me. “My knees,” I blurted out. “They hurt.”
His lips twisted into a smile, and he began walking me back through the water. When we reached the side, he hitched me up on the edge. Taking my left leg, he lifted it over his shoulder, turning his face to run his tongue up and over the knee cap. My groan was a raw, ugly thing, but instead of pushing him away, I flopped back against the cool stone. “Your skin is like velvet,” he murmured between long, slow licks. “The next wolf that puts a mark on it is gonna lose his paws.”
“You can’t do that,” I said, but I covered my mouth, muffling my next groan as he repeated his ministrations on my right knee. Bolts of lightning were traveling up my thighs, leaving tremors behind. I bit the skin of my knuckle, tasting metal and sunlight. “God. Why does that feel so good?”
“Driving me crazy,” he muttered, his hands sliding up my trembling thighs and pulling them open. Wet fabric flapped against the stone edge and I froze. He wasn’t looking at my knees anymore, his shoulders brunching as he pressed closer, my skirt pushed back until it pooled at my waist. I cringed, but when I lifted my head, his gaze was locked on by damp, white panties like they were the best thing he’d ever seen. “Your scent is killing me, sweet thing.” He pressed his hot mouth to my shaking thigh. “Can I make us both feel better?”
It was the kind of gross line I’d heard guys mutter since puberty. Help me with this ache, baby. Let me stick it in, make us both smile. But he’d just literally licked away my pain. Did I want that same tongue on this new hurt? I was throbbing so hard, I couldn’t imagine it ever going away. But, God, did I want him to try.
“Yes,” I gasped. “Kiss me there.”
He went still and I cringed. Did I really sound that pathetic and needy? I expected him to pull back, but instead he asked, “You done this before?” I shook my head hard. I didn’t care if he knew I was inexperienced; I couldn’t fake indifference when every inch of me was quivering. My hands were clutching my hot cheeks, but he pulled them down, snaring me with that wolf gaze. “Then I’m gonna lick you and suck you until you see stars. You gonna watch me, baby?”
“No,” I slapped a hand over my eyes, and he chuckled. 
“Your choice,” he murmured, although he took my other hand and pressed it to the back to his head. “Stop me any time you want.”
I sucked in a breath. Not to argue with him, but because something cold and sharp was scraping over my hip. I peeked through my fingers and saw a single long claw cutting through the material of my panties. I might have protested, if that claw didn’t brush across the front of me, peeling the cotton back. But also trailing over me, a dark, paralyzing tease, a moment before his tongue licked up my throbbing center. 
I might not have had sex, but I’d had orgasms before. Self-served, and always hurried, usually in the middle of the night when the rest of the house were asleep. I knew that tingling pleasure, those coiling sparks that burst apart and left you loose and sated. But nothing prepared me for Jasper’s slow, sensual assault. I’d expected him to gobble me down, to thrust and suck until I was a vibrating mess. But every lick was long and careful, his breath warm puffs against my cooling skin. His tongue dipped and lapped, barely slipping inside. Every tiny bit of contact had my knees jerking wider, my stomach ripping with anticipation. But it wasn’t enough. It was torture. He wasn’t playing the concerned healer anymore. Now he was going to wring every ounce of brattiness out of me, one slow, measured lick at a time. 
“Please, please, please…” Was that me begging? I rammed my hand back over my mouth, but he just chuckled and started up again. Something he did made the tingles turn to waves. Thank you! Luckily, I swallowed my burst of gratitude, because I would’ve never lived that shit down. It was bad enough being laid out like a wolf feast, without thanking him for eating me.
Not that he was quiet. Groans became grunts; even a sort of whine when my thighs clamped around his head. The waves were building, and I was only vaguely conscious of my hand on his head, ramming him into me. The moon was bobbing erratically above me, and I squeezed my eyes shut. My mouth was beyond my control, open and panting, breathing in gulps of sunshine and that coppery scent. Maybe I did end up thanking him, but my words were tangled in my whines, and then he sucked me into his mouth and I exploded. 
If I’d responded like this back in our cabin, Driftwood and Darkness would have come running, weapons drawn. Because I’m pretty sure I screamed. And still he kept going, so the waves crashed and rolled. Finally, they tossed me aside, spent and shaking and tingling from head to toe. I managed to scoot back a few inches, and Jasper took one last lick of my thigh before pulling away and gently closing my knees. 
I gaped at him from the puddle I’d just drowned in. “What the hell was that?”
He laughed, bobbing back in the water and splashing his hot face. That made me squirm a bit, but I couldn’t look away. I’d never seem his teeth so white, his eyes so clear. No silver anymore, just the blazing blue of what...? A satisfied male?
Only I hadn’t satisfied him. I pulled myself up onto my elbows, my gaze flicking down to the dark water. “What about… what should I do? To make you feel better.”
I cringed even as I said it, but he just swam back over and pulled himself up and out of the pool. Water cascading off him, his clothes plastered to his body. Damn. I looked away, focusing on wringing out my sodden skirt. Every inch of me felt like that - wrung out and wobbly. How in hell was I going to make him feel like he’d just made me feel? I blinked up at him, but he just smiled. “Don’t worry about me, sweet thing. You just close your eyes and rest.”
“But…”
Reaching down, he scooped me up. He didn’t kiss me, but he was still smiling, and I blinked at him again. My brain was mush, but he didn’t seem to expect me to say anything. Tucking my head under his chin, he began walking back to the door. I closed my eyes, the wet slap of his feet on the stone floor somehow soothing. Nothing hurt, not even my burns, and his heat was drawing over me like a blanket. I was a ruined, soaking mess, but I didn’t care. And I sure as hell wasn’t going to fight if he wanted to carry me back to the medical bay. I just needed to tell him to make sure my bare ass wasn’t hanging out. But first I’d close my eyes a little longer and rest…


Chapter Twenty – VAIL


I woke in the dud dorm, my hair damp on my pillow and my skin prickly with heat. It was like sleeping under a tin roof in the middle of summer and I groaned a bit, all my muscles hot and aching. Pushing my sticky hair off my forehead, I kicked my feet and realized I had a couple more blankets over me than usual. Linda and her friend Kate were talking quietly as they got dressed, and they looked over at me as I sat up slowly. 
“You alright?” Linda asked, a small frown on her face.
Kate clicked her tongue. “She’s fucking glowing, Linda. And why wouldn’t she be? An alphason to scrub her back and tuck her in to bed.” Jealousy flashed in her eyes, but also a hint of respect. “You work fast. Guess they won’t be calling you No Chance much longer.”
“It wasn’t like that.”
Kate just snorted and pulled on a pair of shorts with the school logo on the pocket. “Well, it’s the first time I’ve seen any wolf carry a dud to bed, let along Jasper Freaking Arras. My advice is to get him locked down any way you can.”
My mouth tightened, but I kept my thoughts to myself. Pushing back the blankets, I realized the one closest to my skin was drenched in Jasper’s sunshine fragrance. Both Kate and Lisa groaned as his scent intensified, but they just shook their heads and left the room. I barely noticed; I was too busy staring at the flawless skin on my hands. 
No way. My eyes widened as I searched for any sign of the bleach burns, but it was as if they’d never happened. And not only the burns, but all the old scars and nicks and callouses, earned over years of working outdoors. Somehow, in sucking on my fingers and licking my knees, Jasper Alphadouche Arras had restored my skin to its pre-Horn condition. Glancing down at the wrinkled skirt I was still wearing, my thighs clenched and my core throbbed. What had his treatment done to other, more sensitive, parts of me? 
No time for a thorough inspection now, Chance. 
Because I was the last up and the rest of the dorm was empty. Leaping out of bed, I checked the clock on the wall. It was ten minutes before the first bell and I groaned as I clutched my empty belly. Breakfast was a no go, I decided, as I snatched clean underwear and a fresh uniform shirt from my dresser. My jeans were still stained with bleach, so I left my damp skirt in place and looked around for my shoes. A picture of my Keds hitting the side of the pool made me curse and I grabbed my boots. They were knee-highs, which felt pervy with the short skirt, but at least the heel was low. 
Fuck me. I was covered in Jasper’s scent and now wearing a damp skirt and hooker boots. I’d be lucky if I made it through the day without getting dragged into a least one broom closet. 
Grabbing my backpack, I shoved Jasper’s blanket inside. It didn’t leave a lot of room for my school things, but hey, was I really here to learn anything you’d find in a textbook? I’d probably get a gold star for the hour in the mineral pool, since that seemed to be the only educating the wolves really cared about. Not that my performance was particularly impressive. I’d just kind of lay there… and moaned. And begged. And thanked him….
Groaning, I pulled my tangled hair into a loose bun and threw my bag over my shoulder. There wasn’t even time to grab a banana from the breakroom, so I gave my stomach a regretful pat and hurried out of the dorm. The bell was just ringing as I skidded to a stop outside my Math classroom, only to find a note taped to the door. Directing all wolves to the auditorium, and Unclassified Students to the gym.
I hissed, turning in a circle. I had no idea the school even had a gym. It made sense – they had a mineral pool for freaking sake – but when the wolves wanted to get us together, it was in the common room, or one of the larger classrooms. How the hell was I going to find it? 
Gritting my teeth, I knocked on the classroom door. I wasn’t really expecting anyone to answer, so I took a hasty step back as it swung open to reveal Mr. Wentworth of the three-piece suit and soulful gray eyes. “Hello, Vail,” he said in that soft British burr. “No class today, I’m afraid. You’re wanted in the gym.”
I flushed as his gaze ran over my wild hair and damp uniform. He lingered for a moment on my boots and I had to force myself not to hide them behind my backpack. “I’m sorry, sir. I don’t actually know where the gym is…”
“No problem. I’ll escort you.”
I opened my mouth to refuse, but he was already stepping through the door. As he began down the hall, I scurried to follow, careful to keep a half-step behind him. There was no one around and my boots clicked loudly on the wooden floor. I caught him glancing at them again and my blush deepened. Did he think I was a total airhead? What did the British call a girl who dressed inappropriately and couldn’t calculate the stopping distance of a car to save her life?
Clueless, I answered with an inward roll of my eyes. Pulling my backpack more tightly across my shoulder, I realized we’d stopped outside the gym doors. Mr. Wentworth looked at me a little strangely when I didn’t push them open. “Are you feeling alright, Vail?”
“Yes,” I said quickly. “Just a bad night’s sleep.”
He didn’t look convinced, but he pushed the heavy wooden door open. Unlike the mineral pool, the space looked exactly like every other school gymnasium on the planet. Gleaming pine floors, bleachers and a scoreboard on the wall. It was easy to tell the two groups of students apart. The girl duds were closest, with a much smaller group of male duds to the back of the hall. 
“I’ll leave you here,” Mr. Wentworth said, as an irritated voice exclaimed, “Chance! You’re late. Get over here. And what the hell are you wearing?”
I’d never seen the woman who was bellowing at me, but I gritted my teeth and walked over to the girls’ huddle. The gym teacher stepped out to greet me, her gaze locked on my boots. She was taller and sturdier than the other female staff members, her thighs like tree trunks in her gym shorts. Glancing around, I realized all of the students were wearing a similar uniform. 
“Sorry. I didn’t know we had gym class today.”
“You were informed at dinner,” she snapped, right at the moment my empty stomach gave a hungry growl. Her eyes narrowed. “Did you eat breakfast? You were told to make sure you ate well this morning.”
I cringed – my last meal was the chicken wrap I’d had with Marnie. At the reminder, I looked past the angry teacher, catching sight of my friend in the girls’ huddle. She was looking at me with sympathy and I bit back the smile pulling at my lips. “Do you want me to go change?”
“We’re already running behind.” She looked over to the boys’ huddle who were breaking apart and starting to warm up. She jerked her hand over her shoulder. “Get your bag and boots off, and fall in line.”
I quickly joined Marnie, dragging off my boots and propping them next to my bag. My feet curled on the polished floor, and she smirked. “You look like you had an interesting night.”
“Went swimming,” I muttered, and rubbed my hot cheeks. I looked over to the guys who were snapping off jumping jacks. “What are we doing for gym?”
Marnie gave me a strange look, but before she could reply, a familiar voice made my head snap around. Pearl, in her perfect jeans and blazer, was standing next to the gym teacher and staring at us like grime on the bottom of her black pumps. Her lip pulled back when she caught sight of my wrinkled uniform and bare feet. But instead of calling me out, she folded her arms and addressed the whole group. “This isn’t your first testing, so you know the drill. Try your absolute best. No slacking. This could be your opportunity to move one step closer to being Classified.”
And one inch closer to climbing out of the dud dumpster. She didn’t need to say it; a ripple of anticipation passed over the group. I suppressed an eye roll, especially as a small bubble of hope ignited in my chest. The guys were now doing a mixture of sit-ups and push-ups. That kind of stuff was a breeze for me, and a hell of a lot better than growing a fuzzy wolf paw, or scrapbooking Ten Things I Love About My Alpha. 
“We’ll be using the photometric test today,” the gym teacher said, and I stood up straighter, giving her my full attention. “For those of you who haven’t read up in your handbook,” - definitely a glance in my direction – “it’s quick, painless and highly accurate. Your job is to generate the necessary body heat for us to get a reading.”
I glanced at Marnie. What the heck? 
“Musk,” Pearl said in her high, ringing voice. “One of the few ways a low-ranking wolf can contribute to the pack.” She held up a small paper strip with a little yellow square stuck to it. “We get a reading from your sweat. The darker the color, the higher the concentrate in your skin. If you give a purple reading, you’ll move immediately to a temporary classification, subject to a formal lab test. I hope you’ve all been preparing for this.”
Marnie made a low, frightened sound and I went to clench her hand. She was small and delicate. I knew she didn’t like sports, so I assumed this was her worst nightmare. But she was staring at me with a mixture of fear and pity. “What?”
She opened her mouth to reply, but Pearl was suddenly right in front of me. “Burpees, No Chance. You were given those thunder thighs for a reason, weren’t you?”
Some of the other girls giggled, but the gym teacher clapped her hands and everyone sprang into position. I shot Marnie another curious glance, but dropped into a push-up. I was still a bit sore from yesterday, but my muscles warmed up nicely as I snapped off twenty. Pearl had taken a step back, but was still watching me, and I gave her a small smile. Bitch, I can do this all day and twice before bed.   
“Twenty more,” the gym teacher snapped, and a few girls groaned, but quickly obeyed. They were all part-wolf, even if it was a crippled, shadowy thing, so exercise wasn’t really a hardship. When we’d completed the first set, everyone actually seemed energized by the activity, although Marnie still looked strained. She was huffing through her last jump when the gym teacher moved us to sit-ups. My empty stomach didn’t exactly appreciate all the attention, but I snapped them out and was back on my feet before anyone else. “Holding up, Chance?”
I grinned at the teacher and bounced a little. I didn’t just feel energized, I felt great. “Fifty more?” I asked, knowing I sounded like a cocky bitch.
She smirked at me, but it had an edge of approval. “Ten laps. Go!”
I nodded, seeing the guys fly past us on the edge of the gym. Two basketball courts were taped out on the floor, and the route circled both. I fell in behind the last guy, leaving enough distance to not crowd him. But my eager legs quickly pulled me alongside him. He shot me an annoyed glance, but I just shrugged and lengthened my stride. I might have been a dud, and crap at most of the stuff the Academy valued, but running was my thing. And usually on a field a lot more taxing than a gym floor. 
It didn’t take me long to make my way to the front of the pack. Three guys were setting the pace, broad shoulders and pumping arms making it virtually impossible to break through. But that had never stopped me before, and I ducked through the bigger of the two gaps, hip-checking the guy on the left when he nearly stepped on my foot.
“What the fuck?”
“Coming through,” I said, apple pie sweet and put on an extra burst of speed. The nearest guy tried to grab the back of my shirt but I was already past them. “You wish.”
I focused forward, careful not to slip as I rounded the top of the court and headed down the other side. Feet thundered behind me, but they couldn’t breach the distance. One of the guys snarled, “Are they kidding? We’re supposed to chase that fuzzy tail around the gym?”
I shot the asshole a look over my shoulder. “Bitch all you want, ‘cos you’re never gonna catch it.”
A low roar went up from the guys behind me, and in any other situation I might have regretted my words. But this wasn’t the Horn after dark. This was some kind of bizarre school experiment, and right now I was the one killing it. “Pussies,” I muttered as I accelerated into my next lap, earning another growl from the guys who heard me. 
A trickle of sweat ran down my back as I streaked into my final lap. I was pushing it, exactly like Pearl had told us to. No one could claim I was slacking, given I’d already lapped the other girls and about half the guys. “She’s not even wearing shoes,” one of the guys panted as I ran past him and I laughed. I was actually enjoying running bare foot. The Horn didn’t have many nice shiny surfaces to train on, so this was a treat.
When I finished the tenth lap, I slowed down but kept moving, just in case there was more to come. As the gym teacher called me over, I saw Pearl holding one of the little testing strips. 
She curled her lip at me. “Stand still. Palms up.” I stopped in front of her, watching curiously as she pressed the paper strip to my hand. She frowned a little, and I wondered if she could smell Jasper’s saliva on my fingers. The thought drifted to the evidence on other parts of my body, but she just peeled the strip off and looked at it. “Invalid. You like running? Another ten.” She gave me a vicious smile and I was tempted to flip her off, but there were worse punishments. An image of Jasper in the shower, his soapy body under my hand, made my face blaze. Other girls were lining up to be tested and I stumbled a bit, earning a nasty cackle from a few of them. 
Fuck them. And fuck my horny hormones. I needed to stop thinking about alphadouches and school these bitches in what real sweat looked like.  


Chapter Twenty-One – VAIL


I leaped back onto the course, pushing my legs to their limits. At least half the class were finishing their laps and lining up for testing. As I circled the court, I saw different students, both male and female, pump their fists and head over to the bleachers. Others were sent back to join me and I made sure I stayed out ahead of them. Sweat pooled on my spine, but I didn’t let up. This wasn’t about speed or technique, but my pride was definitely on the line. I was going to eggplant that paper strip if it killed me. 
When I finished my tenth lap – make that twenty, my muscles complained - I was breathing hard and my palms were definitely clammy. Pearl frowned as she pressed it to my skin, then held it up. The little yellow square, which was the colour of pale lemon, didn’t change at all and she pulled out another. We went through the same routine and then she glared at me. “Invalid. Move it, No Chance.”
I bit my tongue and got my feet going. I was definitely sweating now, my feet slipping a bit as I rounded the top of the court. I glanced over to the testing area and saw that three-quarters of the class were already sitting on the bleachers. A few of the smaller, less athletic ones were panting along behind me, including Marnie. I wanted to give her an encouraging nod, but her head was down, her eyes locked on the floor. Drawing my focus back to the task at hand, I slipped into my perfect running zone. I’d never entered a marathon in my life, but I’d scaled plenty of mountains and run cross country at school. I knew how to both push and pace myself. 
As I turned into my final lap, I realized with a start I was the last one still running. My legs were sheened with sweat now, and I had to be careful not to slip on my wet footprints. Falling on my ass was not an option. Especially when there were forty judgy eyes watching me push into my final lap.
I bit my lip, conscious that I was getting dangerously warm. I needed to get some water into me and preferably a calorie dump. But as I saw the students whispering and laughing, I pushed myself a little bit more, trying to work out what I was doing wrong. Could I have a higher tolerance for this test than the average student? As I mulled that over, a slight pinch settled under my breastbone. Not a cramp, but a touch of uncertainty. What if it wasn’t my endurance that was messing with the test, but my wolf? All the other duds talked about their wolves like they were another limb, stubborn and stunted, but very much alive. But I didn’t feel that way. And if I’d never heard of Hunter Moon Academy, I would’ve probably gone through life never knowing werewolves existed.
I skidded a bit when I came out of my final lap. I managed to stay on my feet, but I was breathing hard now and my shirt was plastered to my skin. The gym teacher had joined her male counterpart and they were both frowning at me in concern. “You alright, Chance?” She asked. “We can’t dilute the test with water, but we’ll get you a drink as soon as you finish.”
“It’s okay,” I said and turned to Pearl. Another student was behind her, big and broad and confident enough to be an alpha. I didn’t recognize him, but could imagine him fitting in at the High Table. He watched closely as she lay the strip on my palm. When it came back unchanged, I groaned and he held up a clean strip. “Back of the knees work. Mind if I try?”
I grimaced but nodded. He gave me a curious look, but when he bobbed down, he froze. A strange sound came from his throat and he shook his head. Someone in the bleachers laughed, and he rose to his full height, glaring at me. “She’s heat triggered.”
A silence fell as if he’d said I was radioactive and my gaze flew to Marnie, who’d was sitting at the front. She was cringing, her hands over her cheeks. “I don’t know what that means…”
Pearl grabbed my arm, her long nails digging in. “Did you have sex last night, No Chance?”
“What?” I gaped at her, my head spinning as chatter broke out across the bleachers. Some of the guys were hooting, all the girls either sniggering or glaring at me. “Why are you asking me that?”
“The glow disrupts the test,” the female gym teacher snapped. That little bit of respect she’d shown me was long gone. “You’ll have to retake the test. And detention for a week.”
She wrote something on the clipboard and I felt like my heart was going to pound out of my chest. When Pearl stepped up close, her face was flushed, her lip curled until I could see the point of her canine. “No. Sexual. Contact. How hard is that to follow, No Chance?”
“I didn’t know,” I mumbled, dropping my eyes. But not before I saw the disgust on her face and the flash of hunger in the guy behind her. Fucking great. Instead of coming out as Athlete of the Week, I’d just earned myself the title Slut of the Year. Tears pricked the corners of my eyes and when someone tossed me a towel, I buried my face in it, trying to rein my shit in. Don’t you dare cry in front of these assholes, Vail!
“We need to inform the wolf. He’ll have to stay away from her until we test her again.” The words barely registered as I pressed the towel to my neck, trying to mop up my sub-standard sweat. But Pearl poked me in the arm and I realized they were all waiting for some kind of response. “Who is he, No Chance?”
I stared at her. There was no way she wanted me to out Jasper in front of two teachers and forty students. Not that he’d get into trouble. The alphadouches could do no wrong. It would all come back on me, the dud who couldn’t keep her hands off him. I glanced over to the bleachers and saw the girls from this morning – Kate and Linda – staring at me with barely-concealed amusement. They’d probably known that fooling around was prohibited, but they hadn’t bothered to tell me. They definitely knew that Jasper was the one who’d carried me into the dud dorm last night. “We didn’t have sex,” I murmured, looking at the gym teachers. “And I really don’t want to say.”
The male gym teacher just nodded at the alpha student, who took a reluctant step towards me. I immediately backed away, and that heat flared in his eyes again. Instead of smiling, he ground his teeth and snarled, “Stay still, wolf.”
“You’re not touching me.”
His snarl just increased, and he loomed over me, breathing deeply. “It’s strong. Definitely Arras Pack.”
“Stop!” I tried to shove him back a step, but it was like hitting a wall. I was poised to punch him when he grabbed my hand, his fingers sliding along the mark on my wrist. Flipping over my hand, he took a rapid step away. “She’s claimed.” He glared at the gym teachers. “Fuck me. She’s got an Alpha mark.”
“It’s Alphason Arras,” Linda called helpfully from the bleachers. “We saw him drop her off in the dorm last night.”
I flipped the bitch off, but Pearl grabbed my shirt and jerked me around so hard, the damp material tore. “Jasper claimed you?”
“It’s really not a big deal…”
“Stupid bitch,” she muttered under her breath, just as the male student said, “Who the hell’s going to tell Arras he’s on a sex ban?”
Pearl’s eyes were still locked on my wrist. “I’ll tell him. He’s in the auditorium, yes?” No one answered, but Pearl turned and stalked to the door. The male gym teacher and the alpha student walked over to dismiss the rest of the class, but I was rooted to the spot. 
My reputation had never been lily white, but that was because I was poor and tended to shove back when pushed, not because I slept around. The Chance men had always been a big deterrent to other guys, and I hadn’t really cared. Maybe some part of me had always believed that Darkness and I would end up together. But that fantasy had kind of unraveled outside Trey Barakat’s bedroom window. And now I was a claimed dud who was too stupid to follow simple instructions, like not have sex before a test. As the other students filed out, laughing and whispering, I turned my back. It was weak, but I didn’t care.
Soon the female gym teacher and I were the only ones left. She handed me a bottle of water, a touch of pity in her eyes. “Perhaps you should spend some time reading over your handbook, Chance. Or ask someone else in your dorm what the expectations are.”
No duh. 
But I pressed the cold bottle to my burning cheek and gestured towards the gym door. “Can I go?”
“Hit the showers. And Chance? Your time on that first lap was one of the fastest I’ve seen. Think what you could do in a good pair of shoes and a full night’s sleep.”
I tried not to pull a face, but she was already turning away, so I just trudged over to collect my bag and boots. I was headed towards the door when I glanced up and saw Mr. Wentworth leaning against the wall watching me. I stopped dead, then sighed. “Maybe it would’ve been better if I never found the gym.”
His brow furrowed, and he pushed off the wall. “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine. Just embarrassed.”
His jaw clenched, those soft eyes steely behind his glasses. “That was pushing the bounds of student treatment. You’re probably borderline dehydrated. Would you like me to show you to the medical bay?”
“Thanks, but I know the way.” I cringed to think how well the healing facilities were now engrained on my brain. “I’m okay. I mean, I don’t need a nurse. I’ve run further, under worse conditions.”
His jaw was still tight, but his gaze softened a fraction. “How about a cup of tea, then?”
***

I took a quick shower in the gym locker rooms, then changed into a school sweatshirt one of the other girls had left behind, and my crumpled skirt. I had no choice but to pull my boots back on, but Mr. Wentworth didn’t comment when I reappeared. He led me down the corridor to a stairwell, and up a level to a floor I hadn’t been on before. 
“This is one of the teachers’ lounges,” he told me as we entered a small room with a few tables and chairs scattered around, and a large sofa under a picture window. A bookshelf was pushed against a wall, next to a basic kitchenette. The room smelled of mint and tobacco. “Am I allowed to be here?”
His lips quirked. “I think I’m the only one who ever uses it.” Crossing to the sink, he took a tea kettle from the top of the microwave and filled it up, then plugged it in. “Do you prefer chamomile or peppermint?”
“Peppermint would be great.” Driftwood had introduced me to tea, although Darkness only drank coffee. The thicker and blacker the better. I drifted to the bookshelf, surprised to see so much classic literature. “I didn’t know Math teachers liked Shakespeare.”
He gave me a small smile over his shoulder. “Math is just my job. My heart is lost to poetry.” I looked closer and saw at least half the books on the shelf were collections of poems, although I only recognized a few of the names. The fact that these were probably from his own library made sense. Mr. Wentworth looked like a poet, with his dreamy eyes and soft hands. He looked at me as he set out the tea things. “What about you? What do you like to read?”
“Not the handbook, obviously.” I cringed at my poor joke and sat on the arm of the sofa, my backpack by my feet. He was quiet as he poured the tea, so I said, “I didn’t really grow up reading a lot. But winters were long and we were often snowed in. We’d rent a stack of movies to tide us over, but when they ran out, we’d read whatever we could find. Mysteries, mainly. Nothing like that,” I waved a hand at the bookshelf. “If things got really grim, I’d re-read my school books.”
He brought over the tea tray. It had a small teapot, with two cups on delicate saucers and a sugar bowl with a little silver spoon poking out the side. “That’s lovely,” I said as he set a cup in front of me.
“There are a lot of things I’ll compromise, but not tea.” He winked, and I laughed, the scent of peppermint curling around me. He sat on the sofa and I felt weird perched on the arm, so I slid down next to him. He took a sip of his drink, then settled back and looked at me. The silence stretched and I swallowed, suddenly uncomfortable. It was just tea, but he had an intense way about him that made me conscious of the quiet room, the half foot between us on the sofa. “I think the school owes you an apology, Vail.”
It wasn’t what I expected him to say and my surprise must have been obvious, because he said, “Did you know there are only four wolves in this year’s intake who came from non-pack environments? The other three we’re involved in immersive sessions before your arrival, to get them up to speed. Pack culture, our history, and gender relations. If you’re ill-prepared for the demands that are being made on you, it’s not your fault.”
I flushed, both at the way he was defending me, but also in anger. No one had told me there were make-up classes. Maybe I hadn’t gone out of my way to help myself, but if this support was available, why hadn’t someone told me? I breathed out slowly. As Driftwood liked to say, there was no use crying over spilt milk… that’s what the barn cats were for. “Thanks for telling me. I thought I really was just clueless.”
“Clueless?”
“Oh, just a thing they say about duds. Clueless and clawless…” I held up my hands and wiggled my fingers. It made my sleeve ride down a little and I grimaced at the sight of Jasper’s claiming mark. Mr. Wentworth was watching me, and something clouded his gray eyes. “Do you understand what that mark means?”
“Not as well as I thought.” Way to prove you’re not clueless, Chance. “I mean, I assumed he thought he was first in line. For the contract after graduation.”
A slight frown touched his brow. “I think I’ll have a word with Alphason Arras. He should have explained things to you before he marked you.”
I flushed and dragged my sleeve down over my hand. The peppermint tea suddenly tasted muddy in my mouth. “No, please don’t. I’ll read up on the handbook tonight. And I’ll talk to Jasper if I have questions.” Like: how do you get this thing off, you mangy mutt?
“It might be best not to confront him for a while. Or Miss LaRue. You may not be aware, but female wolves can be as territorial as males. More so, when it comes to alpha attention and breeding rights. As a senior wolf in the Arras Pack, she would have expected to be informed of the alphason’s interest in you.”
I clutched my hands, trying to hold in a groan. I couldn’t really blame her for going full bitch on me, since she’d already made it clear she had a prior claim on Jasper. They’d even etched their initials in the cave wall, like a couple of lovesick kids. Something I’d conveniently forgotten in the mineral pool. I squeezed my palms together, trying to ignore the ache in my chest. Was I supposed to apologize to Pearl? Confront Jasper? Or avoid them both, like Mr. Wentworth suggested? “I hate hiding almost as much as I hate being clueless,” I muttered.
“I understand.” A flash of pain touched his face and he said, “Even classified wolves have their struggles, Vail. Some of us can’t bond with our inner beasts and others are ruled by them. Some lose themselves entirely.” He glanced over at the bookcase, and I saw he wasn’t looking at the poetry books, but at an old, heavy book on the bottom shelf. I could see the spine, and it read: The Wolf Bane – Ferals, Voids and Rogues. I shivered, and Mr. Wentworth must have noticed, because he gave me a reassuring smile. “The good thing is knowledge always helps. As the Bard reminds us, ignorance is a curse and knowledge gives us wings.”
“Wings are cool,” I murmured, sipping on the tea, but my gaze went back to the book on the bottom shelf. “Miss Fisher told us a bit about ferals in Biology class. She said it was a wolf who’d broken free of its human self. Because the person was too weak, or the wolf didn’t think they were worthy. Do you think that’s true?”
A dark frown touched his brow, and for a moment I could see his wolf in his eyes. “I know that’s one interpretation. But ferals are a touchy subject, just like voids and rogues. Sometimes emotion overpowers reason.”
I nodded. For beasts obsessed with control, the wolves at the school seemed to be prone to tantrums. Mr. Wentworth broke into my thoughts. “And I’m happy to give you those make-up sessions, if that would help. I was raised in a European pack, and only transferred here a few years ago, but the cultures are very similar.”
I sat up straighter. “Really?” I stared at him, trying to read his face. He was easy to talk to and didn’t seem into power games like the other wolves. “That would be helpful. Do you have the time?”
“I’ll make it. And maybe I can tempt you to read a little Wordsworth the next time you’re snowed in.”
I grinned at him, fully prepared to plunge into the obscure world of poetry if it meant he was going to help me understand this place better. Gratitude flooded me and I reached out to squeeze his hand before I could stop myself. When the door banged open to reveal Jasper’s furious face, I leaped back, but I knew it was too late. His silver gaze was locked on my clenched hand like a wolf about to have a tantrum.
Fucking clueless, Chance.


Chapter Twenty-Two - JASPER


“Get out, Omega.”
Vail blinked up at me with her big, green eyes. I could tell she thought I meant her. Which just showed exactly how clueless she was. 
Pearl had said as much when she grabbed me outside the auditorium. I’d been up on the stage with the rest of the senior wolves, while the faculty droned on about the school policies and how they applied to the upcoming Hunter Moon Formal. It was a not-so-subtle reminder that while our wolves were higher ranked than theirs, the faculty were top dog at any event on school grounds. Pack owned the school, but the Academy set the rules. That included no drinking, drugs, or brawling. Sex was less of an issue – we were wolves, after all, not saints – but in most ways, they expected our behavior to be no different to any other student at a high school dance.  
I ground my teeth, feeling my wolf gnawing at my bones. The issue was we were different. Not so far under our skin was a deadly predator. And seeing Vail sitting in this cozy room that stank of another male’s scent, was not bringing out my saintly side. 
My silver gaze was locked on the fancy fuck. I’d heard the gossip, and knew the girls were all panting over the British teacher. I hadn’t bothered digging into his story, but I was going to rectify that as soon as I got Vail away from him. 
A flush stained the teacher’s cheeks before he straightened his spine. I was impressed he could withstand the energy I was pushing into the room – but that was the thing with omegas; you never knew what was going to make them crumble, and what was going to bring out their protective instincts. “You’re an Alphason, Mr. Arras, but you’re also a student. And right now, you’re standing in my den, so stop with the power play.”
My wolf didn’t like that one bit and I had to clench my fists to keep his paws under wraps. “You were touching a claimed wolf, Wentworth. That’s pack business.”
“Again, I’m not part of your pack.” It was true. He was from some British pack, but had been fostered into Reed’s to allow him to work in this country. Another bone for me to pick with the uptight fucker. Right after I reduced this guy to a puddle for looking in Vail’s direction. 
“Wait.” Vail stepped in between us, glaring back at me. “I touched him, Jasper, but it was nothing. A gesture of thanks. You don’t get to make this into something it isn’t just so you can unleash your beast.”
My lip quirked a bit at the expression. She hadn’t minded my beast slipping his leash last night, but the reminder just filled me with a new wave of frustrated heat. She had a hand on the hip of the same skirt I’d pushed up over those creamy thighs, and she was wearing a pair of hot-as-fuck boots that perfectly framed her delectable knees. She’d showered, but I could still see the glow on her through our bond, and my wolf was almost panting. He flashed me an image of me dragging her down onto the sofa and marking her all over again, and I had to bite back a whine. “You don’t know what you’re talking about, sweet thing.”
“And who’s fault is that?” She turned back to the teacher, causing a growl to rip from my throat. She couldn’t hide her flinch, but she quickly grabbed her bag and muttered to Wentworth, “Sorry about this.”
He wisely kept his mouth shut this time, and I conceded by letting her march past me to the door. But as soon as we were in the corridor, I kicked it shut, and hip-checked her into the wall. She lost her grip on her bag and I nudged her back, caging her in. Her green eyes flashed and I half-expected her to knee me in the balls, but she just stared up into my face. Anger was there, but under the surface was something softer, too. Not lust, which is what I was hoping for, but a vulnerability that tugged at my wolf, and made that whine slip from my throat. She looked surprised, then gently bounced her head against the wall, biting on her fat bottom lip. “I’m so fucking embarrassed, Jasper.”
I pressed my face into her hair. It was damp from her shower, and her strange laundry scent tickled my nose. Most females smelled fruity or flowery, but Chance was like a sun-dried bedsheet, straight off the line. Clean and sweet and something I wanted to wrap myself in. “That soft fucker got off lightly,” I murmured, running my nose along the side of her neck.
She shivered. “He just offered to help. Which is more than anyone else has done in this school.”
I pulled back slightly. “I thought I helped you quite a lot last night.”
She flushed, a pink blush climbing her cheeks to blend with her glow. “We’re not going to talk about that.”
“No?” I had to bite back a chuckle at her embarrassment. It was something that marked her as packless, more than her bloodline or her sassy stare. Shewolves weren’t shy, and I wasn’t sure I’d ever seen a senior female blush. But it just reinforced that when it came to sex, Vail Chance was clueless. Which made my wolf just about the happiest fucker in the school. I nuzzled her neck again, that laundry scent stronger under her blush. “What do you want to talk about, then?”
“How about the fact I failed my musk test because of what we did last night?”
My wolf went still. “You failed it?”
“After running thirty damn laps around the gym!” She pressed her back against the wall and I sensed the exhaustion pulling at her limbs. “But I don’t care about that. It was getting called out in front of everyone, and then having to admit we were fooling around…” Her face hardened, those mesmerizing eyes glittering like jade. “Why didn’t you tell me Pearl is your girlfriend?”
This time my laugh burst free. “She’s not my girlfriend, sweet thing.”
She arched a silky brow, distrust written all over her face. “No? Because I saw the initials in the cave, Jasper. JA and PL. And as one of the senior wolves in your pack, she’s a future mate, right?”
I moved uneasily. My wolf had zero interest in Pearl, especially when she pulled bullshit like telling me I was under a sex ban. But Vail was technically right, especially if my dad got his way. “Any initials you saw are probably one of my cousins. I have about twenty of them. And every female of a certain rank is a potential mate, but note the emphasis on potential. It doesn’t make Pearl anything special.”
She stiffened. “Still makes her better than a dud.”
I took a small step back. There was no comparison between Pearl and Vail in my wolf’s mind, but they were worlds apart in pack rankings. As a female alpha, Pearl was one of the three strongest females in the school. Everything came easy to her, whether through her own power, or the authority she wielded. Vail was almost her complete opposite. And if she’d failed her test because of me, she’d be even more exposed to the senior females looking to take her down a peg or two. 
They weren’t stupid. She was a hot, sassy mystery, wrapped up in a beguiling scent and in possession of a rigid backbone. Unless she became classified before graduation, she was going to be hot property for a service contract. Since she was packless, that meant she was open to all comers. Pearl would always be the superior wolf, but there was going to be a lot of competition from the males in the school to lock Vail Chance down. 
Hence, the claim mark I’d slapped on her the first chance I got. My wolf was almost purring at the reminder of our cleverness.
“And what about the sex ban?” Her pouty lips tipped down at the words, and I felt my wolf pressing his claws into the wall beside her head. “The gym teachers said I have to stay away from you until I pass the test.”
Like fuck they did. Pearl had enjoyed tossing the policy in my face, but no teacher on the face of the planet was going to stop an alphason from pursuing a female he’d claimed. “Sex and ban are two words that have no place on your pretty mouth, sweet thing.”
Vail put a hand on my chest, so light I could barely feel it. But there was pressure there, and she wasn’t pulling me in. “Can you just give me some room? I feel really… confused.” She tilted her chin, that fire back in her eyes. “I need to sort some things out in my head.” 
I nodded. Her sexy scent aside, I could taste her vulnerability now. And her determination. She was used to looking after herself. And while I wanted her under me again, I didn’t want her cowed. “Okay, sweet thing. But get your head sorted fast. Because my claim tops any bullshit rule, and my wolf isn’t known for his patience.”
***

I didn’t see Vail for the rest of the day, and my wolf was pissed. In fact, it was something we had in common, which meant my skin was prickly as hell by the time we made it to dinner. My wolf and I enjoyed the hunt, and had shared some scorching daydreams while we watched Vail from afar, but not seeing her at all was fucking with our heads. 
I left fifth period early to grab her at Biology, but she never showed. The rest of her class were freshmen – so really clueless - and the teacher said there was no note explaining her absence. When I arrived at the dining hall, her seat was empty at the dud table. Her little friend with the milk-white skin was there, biting on her lip and looking around. I pushed off the High Table while some friend of Pearl’s was midway through a sentence, and stalked over to Vail’s vacant seat. A hundred heads turned to follow me, but I couldn’t give a fuck. Her friend looked like she was going to pass out, so I tried to rein in my wolf. Not easy when he was clawing the back of my eyelids.
“Where’s Vail?”
The female – who looked more like a rabbit than any wolf had a right to – stared up at me in horror. “I don’t know.”
“She’s not eating somewhere else?” 
She shook her head and gulped, “I really don’t know.”
Truth. The female was too scared to lie. I gave her a terse nod and headed over to the door. But before I could pull it open, Pearl’s voice rang out. “The new policy to fast-track dud testing is such a good idea. Root them out early, so we know exactly what kind of wolves we have in our school.”
I swiveled back to face her. “What did you say?” Pearl was watching me with so much gleeful satisfaction, my wolf’s claws pushed out of my fingers. I clenched my hands, ignoring the way they stabbed into my palms. “What did you do, Pearl?”
“Not me,” she said, trying for an innocent eye-flutter and failing. “They were talking about it at Student Council. Seems the administration are finally putting pack needs first.”
My gaze flicked to the others at the table. Pearl’s friends were all nodding like bobblehead dogs, but Reed was staring at her like she’d just pissed on his shoe. I didn’t know if that was about this or something else and I didn’t care. Callum’s face was as blank as usual, but I could see the amusement in his eyes. I wasn’t about to flip him off in front of the whole school, but I let my wolf creep a little closer to the surface. Striding back to the table, I loomed over Pearl. “Where is she?”
She arched her neck, blowing some of her florally scent my way. “You mean you’ve misplaced your dud toy… That’s a tad careless, isn’t it, Alphason?”
I grabbed the back of her chair. It was that or her neck. “Don’t fuck with me, female.”
Pearl’s lip pulled back on her teeth, but she just flicked her hair and made a show of inching back her blazer sleeve to check her diamond watch. “Well, tracking duds isn’t really my thing, but I’d say she’s pulling up to the pack lab about now. Assuming traffic wasn’t an issue.”
My wolf howled, and it took everything in me to hold it back from breaking free. I’d be fucked if I’d give the other wolves something like that to chew over. But the pack lab? I didn’t know what fast-track testing Pearl was talking about, but the lab was reserved for only the most difficult wolves. Ferals, voiders, rogues and other fuck-ups. The tests, according to the rumors I’d heard, were equally brutal. Wolves were stripped back to their most basic parts, and not all of them came out the same way they went in. 
Something cracked, and I looked down to see my claws embedded in the wooden chair top Pearl was perched on. Rather than calling me out, she reached up and patted my cheek. “Shame about your claim mark, though. Probably should have thought things through before you put a target on her back, right Alphason?”


Chapter Twenty-Three - VAIL


My first trip out of the Academy since the Clan Caves, and I was a bundle of nerves. I’d already been on edge when I was called to the office after lunch, assuming it had something to do with the freaking sex ban. Just the sound of the two words – sex and ban – made my stomach clench and my head pound. Or at least they did when a member of the faculty said them. Jasper Alphadouche Arras was a whole other kind of animal. For some reason his wolf made me weak, something he’d flaunted in my face outside Mr. Wentworth’s room.
He’d been his usual cocky self, pushing me up against the wall, and sticking his nose in my hair like it was his goddamn pillow. But he hadn’t forced me to do anything, and when I’d told him how I felt, he’d even looked a little pained on my behalf. I wasn’t sure he had a sympathetic bone in his body, but he’d let me go. With a warning about how his claim topped everything, and that his wolf was an impatient beast… But still. It felt a bit like he heard me, which made a tiny crack in my walled-off heart. 
Not that I should be thinking about any wolf in that context. Mrs. Gladstone had made that pretty clear when I was called into her office. The principal’s gaze had flicked down to my wrist and I’d been glad I had the thick sweatshirt on. My boots were bad enough; I had stuttered out an excuse that my Keds got wet in my shower, but to my surprise, she’d waved me off.
“It’s come to my attention you failed your musk test today, Vail.” I’d barely managed to hide my sour expression before she’d gone on, “If you recall from your orientation meeting, it’s critical Unclassified Students do everything in their power to help determine their status. That includes putting every effort into testing.” She hadn’t given me a chance to tell her I’d run my ass off, shuffling through some papers on her desk. Her mouth had been more pinched than usual, and I’d felt the knot in my stomach tighten. “There’s a new policy in place requiring students to be classified by the end of first semester. There’s still time for you, but I’m concerned more intensive testing will be necessary, given your particular upbringing. It’s my recommendation you undertake those tests as soon as possible.”
“But the glow…” I’d bitten my lip, cursing Jasper and his magic mouth again.
“That won’t be an issue with these tests. They’re completed in a lab off-campus, with access to more sophisticated equipment.” Her lips had thinned down to a tiny line, but she’d held a paper file towards me, with a document clipped to the front. “If you agree, we can get it over with now.” 
“Okay,” I’d shrugged a little. It wasn’t like I’d been resisting efforts to get classified. The thought of being identified as an omega made me shudder, but that was unlikely. And getting out of the Academy for any reason was appealing. Maybe there’d be a phone I could use, and the possibility of talking to Driftwood had sent the butterflies soaring in my belly. 
“I’ll need you to sign this form,” she’d told me, tapping a pen against the paper. I was about to read through the three-page document when her secretary came to the door to say the bus was waiting. I’d scribbled my signature and hoped for the best.
Ten minutes into that ride and I’d known I’d made a mistake. Instead of going straight to the lab, we’d made a stop at a large, gray building surrounded by razor wire. The three guys who were shepherded outside by a guard were all wearing beige jumpsuits and wrist cuffs. They were put in seats at the front of the bus, the guard growling threats about bad behavior, but they moved as soon as the bus pulled away. I’d tried to keep my eyes on the window as they’d taken up the empty seats around me, but I could smell their scents like the inside of an overheated trashcan – bone, blood and rotting meat. 
When the guy behind me leaned in, I had to swallow down a wave of bile. “These suits might say we’re bad boys, but someone obviously thinks we deserve a treat.”
“Fuck, yeah. A sundae with a cherry on top.”
“Dark chocolate. Gotta be. Why else is she going to the meathouse?” I frowned, which didn’t go unnoticed by the guy on my left. “You look pretty cool, cupcake. Those assholes at the Academy tell you what’s waiting at the end of this road?”
Ignoring them didn’t seem to be working, so I turned and studied them. All three were lean to the point of thin, and looked like the methheads that hung out in creepy trailers in the West Horn. Their hair was buzzed, and veins stood out on the neck of the guy in front of me. He was pale with dark eyes, while the other two had darker skin and eerily pale eyes. Brothers, maybe. Not that it mattered. They definitely weren’t school boys. These were wolves, and unhinged ones at that. “No one told me anything,” I said quietly. 
The guy behind me snorted, then pulled on my ponytail. “Get used to it.”
I jerked my head away, reaching up to smooth my hair back. My mouth was dry and I glanced towards the front, relieved to see the driver was watching us in the mirror. I looked around for a way out, just in case, but the wolf in front of me grabbed my arm. “What’s that on your wrist, pretty bitch?” I tried to pull away, but even in cuffs it wasn’t going to happen. The wolf hissed when he got a look at Jasper’s mark. “Alpha claimed? And he put you on this bus?”
I raised my brows at him. “I don’t think he knows.”
All three wolves looked at each other for a moment, then broke apart in hooting laughter. I swung back to the window, but I could see their reflection, almost falling on their asses as they clutched their ribs and yakked it up. I didn’t know if they could tell the mark was Jasper’s or not. Maybe they just liked thinking of a high-ranking wolf getting the wool pulled over his eyes. If Jasper even cared that I was sitting on this bus going to god-knows-where. What had the wolves called it? The meathouse? I thought of the papers I signed in the principal’s office. Once again, I’d been Clueless Chance, not taking the time to read it through properly, or at least ask for a copy. 
When the wolves finally sat back up, they exchanged lazy high-fives. The one in front sighed and swept a cuffed hand across his eyes. “Damn, pretty bitch, that’s the best thing I’ve heard in months. Your male’s gonna tear that school apart when he finds out.”
I just shrugged. I was done sharing. Which worked out okay, since the driver called to say we were a minute out and he didn’t want any trouble getting us off the bus. No arguments from me, but the three wolves turned grim, and I sank back into my chair. The one behind me ran a hand over my ponytail again, but their attention was fixed on the building ahead of us. The sun had slipped behind the mountains and darkness was quickly drawing in. The bus lights swung across the large, stone wall, illuminating an electronic fence that was rolling back to let us through. Two guys in black stood on either side, guns in hand. My breath caught. What kind of lab needed armed security? I must have mumbled the question aloud, because the guy in front looked at me with haunted eyes, the vein throbbing in his neck. “The fucked-up kind, pretty bitch.”
To my relief, they split us up as soon as we were off the bus. The three guys barely glanced my way as another pair of armed guards directed them through a side door in what looked like a large warehouse. I’d been expecting a medical facility, although the word ‘meathouse’ had been bouncing around in my head. Instead of cuffs and guns, I got a woman in a while lab coat with short gray hair and kind eyes. My churning gut relaxed a little as she led me through a glass door. The fact there was more security on the other side made me tense up again, but she just showed me into a small room with a table and two chairs. There was nothing on the walls except for a large mirror I was fairly certain was giving someone a clear view of the room.
The woman in the lab coat gave me a paper cup filled with water, and another with a blue pill in it. 
“What’s that?”
“It will help you relax,” she told me. When she didn’t elaborate, I grimaced, but popped it on my tongue and washed it down. As soon as it was done, she took the two cups and disappeared outside. When she returned, she had a laptop in hand, which she set up facing me. “Please work through this program, clicking on the most appropriate match as you go.” Without another word, she was gone again.
I glanced at the mirror, then turned my attention to the laptop. It had two images on the screen – a city park and a mountain forest. No question, or explanation. I put my finger on the laptop’s fancy touch pad and slowly directed the pointer to the forest. There was no score or reaction, just a new pair of images to choose between. This time it was a cheap hamburger joint or a homecooked meal, laid out on a well-dressed table. I liked the look of the burger more than the meatloaf, so I clicked that. The next image was a choice between a swanky new apartment block, or a log cabin that wouldn’t have looked out of place on the Horn. I felt a stab of homesickness as I chose the cabin. 
The next few images were a repeat – two outdoor locations, two meal choices, two types of housing. I guessed they were trying to see if I was more comfortable with rustic, home-style living or a city existence, with all the conveniences. I grew more confident as I went, reassured that the test wasn’t probing anything I didn’t feel comfortable revealing. But as soon as I thought that, the images changed. First there were more choices – from two, to four, then eight - and the differences became more extreme. The pictures also became more graphic. Did I want to sleep in a dirty alleyway with a guy who had a needle sticking out of his arm? Maybe eat a steaming hot liver that I’d just ripped out of a gutted deer? Or live it up drinking champagne on a million-dollar yacht?
Not only were there more images, but there was less time to choose. I missed a couple, until I realized my reactions had to speed up. Even then, I couldn’t always choose one in time, and I felt sweat beading on my forehead. I should have wasted more hours playing video games, like Darkness and his friends, since my hand-eye coordination seemed to be letting me down.
The transitions became so fast, I finally had to stop. My finger left a sweat mark on the touch pad and my heart was beating in my ears. When the woman in the lab coat returned, I jumped. She closed the laptop, and handed me a paper hospital gown. She was holding a clipboard, and watched closely as I looked between the gown and the mirror. “Is someone watching us?”
“Does that bother you?”
I frowned at her. “If you expect me to strip, then yes. It’s creepy.” She made a note on the clipboard and I narrowed my eyes. “And probably illegal.”
“Tell me about that while you change. Do you usually follow the rules?”
 I cast another glance at the mirror and then began unbuttoning my school shirt. I’d been in enough locker rooms to be able to change clothes without flashing too much, but I didn’t answer her until I had the gown across my front, and I was stepping out of my skirt. I felt stupid in my boots and underwear, but she’d have to wrestle them off my body while I was standing in this chilly, little room. “As much as anyone,” I finally said. “Some rules don’t make sense, but I don’t break any laws. And I’ve never really been in trouble. With the cops, I mean.”
“No experiences with underage drinking or illegal substances?”
“It was never my thing.” At her raised brows, I added, “I saw too many people who lost the little they had that way. To messy addictions.”
She made another note, then said, “Sexual activity. How many partners have you engaged in intercourse with?”
I stared at her. “Do I have to answer that?”
She gave me a small nod. “Your responses are taken as a composite. Each is required, but every answer is also confidential.”
“And we’re testing my wolf type, right? If I’m an omega or a beta.”
“The tests, when taken together, often reveal that, yes.”
Not quite the answer to reassure me, but what could I do? “No real partners, then. I’ve fooled around with one guy, but we didn’t have intercourse. If I define it the same way as you do on your form,” I added a little sourly. I didn’t bring up the kiss with Darkness or the times Trey Barakat had put his body on me, since they definitely weren’t intercourse. She studied me for a beat, as if waiting for me to break down and admit to sleeping with a locker room full of football players, but finally recorded my lack of experience on her clipboard. I was cynical enough to wonder if she put zero, or a question mark. 
Either way, the interrogation seemed to be over, and she led me out of the room and down the hall. It was empty, but even without any prying eyes I was glad I’d left my underwear on. The next door she opened, something like a dentist chair was positioned in the middle of the room, with banks of lights and unfamiliar equipment arranged overhead. I hesitated on the threshold, but the woman waved me in and pointed to the reclining chair. I walked over slowly, taking in the thick plastic cover and small metal pads that studded the seat. It didn’t exactly look inviting. I sat gingerly on the edge and a cold metal square bit into my thigh. “What are we testing now?”
She didn’t answer, stepping back as the door opened again and a man came in. He was middle-aged, with a shock of dark hair and equally busy brows. He was only medium height and slimly built, but there was that strange sense of something more in his eyes when he looked me over. Wolf, or a ginormous ego. From my limited experience, they seemed to go hand-in-hand.
“Boots off, Miss Chance,” he said, and walked over to the other side of the chair. I realized there was a table attachment with some kind of monitor built into it. “I’m Doctor Klein and will be leading the next set of tests. Technician Morrison will be assisting.” He nodded at the woman in the lab coat, who’d crossed the room and was pushing a cart towards us. She pulled out a tray and I saw a bunch of small metal instruments and a set of plastic tubes. “We’ll begin with the samples.”
I pulled off my boots, my gaze on the tray. I couldn’t see anything too alarming and sat quietly while the technician clipped my finger and toe nails, took a few strands of hair, and ran a swab in my mouth, nose and ears. Each sample was put in a separate tube and placed back on the tray. When she was finished, she asked, “When does your next menstrual cycle begin?” 
I glanced at the doctor, but gave her an estimate, which began a series of questions about my period and other various bodily functions. I half expected her to hand me a cup to pee in, but instead she took a needle from another metal drawer. “We need to draw some blood,” she told me. “Which is your dominant hand?”
While she hooked up my right arm, the doctor watched. Needles didn’t faze me, but his direct stare was annoying, and I could feel myself tensing up again. Somehow the technician forced the needle through my clenched veins, and as soon as she had her samples, took the whole tray out of the room. The doctor asked me to lie down on the chair and I did so with obvious reluctance. “What now?”
“Has it been explained to you how a wolf is drawn out of suppression?”
I thought back over the information I’d received in my classes, but shook my head. “My first day at the Academy, the alphadou-.” I swallowed back the rest of the insult. “The alphas mentioned suppression, and that the pack can help fix it. Or at least they can if the wolf isn’t broken.”
He cut me a quick look. “What do you mean by broken, Miss Chance?”
“Um. Not formed, or unable to shift.”
He didn’t say anything for a moment, then pressed a button on the table. The chair made a clicking sound under me, but no metal straps sprang out of the chair arms to lock me down. I felt a bit foolish. So far, it hadn’t exactly been fun, but nowhere near as bad as the guys on the bus had made out. They’d probably just been trying to freak me out. I squirmed as one of the metal squares dug into my shoulder blade. Or at least I thought I did. When I tried to roll into a more comfortable position, my heart almost stopped. I gaped at the doctor. “Why can’t I move?”


Chapter Twenty-Four - VAIL


The doctor didn’t look surprised by the question. “It’s better that you’re pliant while we do the remainder of the tests.”
“Pliant? What the hell?” My speech was still fine, thankfully, since I had a heap of cuss words I wanted to throw his way. But when the technician stepped back into the room and crossed my line of sight, I glared at her. “Did you drug me?”
“The relaxant allows you to participate in the tests, without moving in a way that may cause injury,” the doctor said, while the technician avoided my gaze. So much for kind freaking eyes. She’d lured me in and I’d fallen for it. They hadn’t even forced me to swallow the pill.
“I’m not okay with that,” I snapped back. “Give me something to reverse it.”
They both ignored me, the technician going to my feet and pushing them forward until she could slip them into a pair of loops. When my knees fell open, I gaped at her. “This is not okay! What are you doing?”
“It’s just a cervix swab,” the technician told me in a soothing voice. “Same as you’d have for a pap smear.”
“No doctor has ever done this to me!” I fumed, desperately trying to draw my knees back together. Even though I could feel the strain in my mind, my muscles remained lax and the technician quickly took the swab. It was deep, and uncomfortable, and I felt angry tears gather in the corner of my eyes. “Stop this, please!”
“All done,” the technician told me an agonizing moment later, and gently eased my feet out of the stirrups. I didn’t want to cry, especially when I couldn’t even wipe the damn tears away. But a couple leaked out anyway, and I sniffed, glaring at the doctor. He looked right back at me as if my pain and embarrassment was just part of the job. And maybe it was. I was starting to think having a wolf live under your skin meant there wasn’t enough room for the usual amount of humanity.
“Given your inexperience, we will now conduct an arousal test,” he told me, then spoke into the microphone. “Call in the alpha.”
I really didn’t like the sound of that. Being aroused was fine, if I was in the privacy of my room, or maybe even somewhere with Jasper. But lying on a slab in a hospital gown, with no ability to move? Forget that. 
But the door was opening before I could protest, and the most attractive man I’d ever seen walked in. He had dark-red hair the color of cherries and ink black eyes, and he moved as if he was more wolf than man. The same sense of power I got from the alphadouches surrounded him, and when we locked eyes, I gave an involuntary shiver. Except I couldn’t move a muscle; something the alpha noted with a frown. “Doctor Klein, she’s restrained?”
“Yes, and I’ve told them repeatedly to stop!” I burst out, another tear leaking down my cheek. “Do you know Jasper Arras? Can you tell him I’m here?”
The wolf-man stopped mid-stride. “You know the Alphason?”
“Yes!” My gaze flicked to the doctor, but he didn’t look surprised. “He’s my friend. And he won’t like another guy arousing me, or whatever the hell you think you’re going to do!”
The man stepped forward, his hand warm and gentle on my ankle. “The test doesn’t hurt, I promise you.” He looked at the doctor. “Is the Alphason aware she’s here?”
“No!” When the man’s frown deepened, I scratched around for another deterrent to throw in his path. I thought of Jasper’s fury when he found me in Mr. Wentworth’s breakroom. “He’s claimed me! The mark is on my wrist. I know he’ll tell you to let me go, if you just ask him.”
The alpha’s dark eyes slid to my wrist, and lightning fast he pulled the plaster free. He hissed and spun on the doctor. “You want me to arouse a wolf the Alphason’s claimed? He’ll skin my hide! To say nothing of the hell he’ll rain down on this lab when he sees the state she’s in.”
The doctor still looked unconcerned. “These tests are authorized at the highest level. And Principal Gladstone and Miss Chance both signed the release form.”
I was so goddamn clueless! I felt a sob growing, but bit it back. Freaking out was not going to get me out of this chair. “I didn’t know what I was signing! I didn’t get time to read the form!”
The red-headed wolf looked at me with concern, a note of pity in his dark eyes. “I’m going to report this, doctor. She’s clearly here under duress.”
“You will maintain lab protocol, Alpha Turner.”
A staring match commenced, the alpha exuding power in waves. The technician’s head was bowed so low she was staring at her knees, but the doctor didn’t budge. “If you don’t do this, we’ll move onto the next phase. Which do you think she’d prefer?”
“I’m sorry, love,” the alpha finally told me, his face grim. “I will do this quickly and with as much dignity as I can. Just know this is not how we do things in our pack.”
“What?” I gaped at him. Even knowing Jasper had claimed me, he was going ahead with the test? I was still gaping up at him when the alpha took my face in his hands. I stared at his lips, expecting him to kiss me, but instead he just ran his thumbs back and forth over the skin behind my ears. Each time it slid over the pulse in my neck I felt my heartbeat increase. And then his eyes locked on mine. They weren’t black, I realized, but dark, dark brown. Like chicory coffee, without the sweetener. Only they were sweet. As sweet as any eyes I’d ever gazed into…
Except for ice-blue framed in dark gold lashes. The image of Jasper looming over me flashed through my mind and I tried to pull my head away. “You shouldn’t…”
 But the alpha’s lips grazed over mine, soft and tender. When they brushed their way back along the tight seam, the gentle contact made me sigh into his mouth. I tasted something rich, like brandied cherries, and then his tongue was licking inside my mouth. I knew it wasn’t real. This kiss was just as invasive as the swabs they’d taken. But my mouth felt as drugged as my limbs. Something warm and pleasurable curled down my spine, and my tongue twisted around his. Memories of Jasper’s mouth between my legs made me groan, and even though I couldn’t move, I felt like I was tingling all over…
When Turner pulled back to look into my eyes, I expected to see blue flushed with silver and I couldn’t hide my disappointment. But the warm, tingling feeling was growing, waves of heat settling between my legs. I knew the asshole doctor was watching, but all I could focus on was the drag of Turner’s thumbs over the skin behind my ears and the throb deep in my sex. 
“Turn off the stimulants,” Turner growled over his shoulder at the doctor. “I don’t need them.”
“Follow protocol, or I’ll replace you with an alpha from another pack.”
“You do that, and I’ll challenge him. Right here, under your damned nose!”
The doctor looked furious for a moment, then stepped back, gesturing towards the door. “Go and make your complaint, Alpha Turner. It won’t do you any good, and you’ll be written up for your unprofessionalism.”
The alpha shuddered, his thumbs leaving my neck. One hand gripped my wrist, while the other tore through his hair. I was still groaning, but I couldn’t tell if it was pleasure at the building sensations, or sorrow at the loss of his kiss. I felt so twisted around inside, more tears leaked down my cheeks. When the alpha suddenly strode to the door, a helpless cry tore from my throbbing lips. He turned, grimacing at my pleading expression, before he shook his head at the doctor. “There’s protocol and then there’s a claimed pair. You better hope like hell their bond isn’t as strong as I think it is.”
The technician murmured something from the corner, but as soon as the alpha was gone, the doctor was back to tapping on the monitor. I opened my mouth to beg him again, but the tingling feeling suddenly veered in the other direction. Every one of the metal tabs under me emitted a painful jolt and I bit hard on the tip of my swollen tongue.
Blood trickled down my throat and I sobbed. “W-what are you doing?”
“If you hadn’t opened your mouth, we could have continued with the pleasure stimulants,” the doctor told me in a cold tone. “Increasing the dose by five percent.”
I tried to scream – to curse him, or beg – but lightning sizzled through my blood and the room lights startled to crackle and pop. It’s not the lights going haywire, Vail. My overloaded brain barely made the connection before another jolt whipped through my body. Goddamn, when had an extra five percent of anything hurt so much more?
“No change, sir,” the technician said from somewhere to my left. “Should we take a pause. Review the data?”
The doctor made an annoyed clicking sound. “Technician Morrison, please place the subject’s wrist in the sleeve. I’m certain our preliminary findings are correct, but we need to be very sure she’s a void.”
The technician snapped a metal cuff around my forearm and I almost laughed. It was exactly what I’d imagined when I saw the setup in this room. Strapped down. Cruelly tortured. But like usual, I hadn’t listened to my instincts. I’d even brushed off the guys on the bus calling the lab the meathouse. But that was exactly what I felt like. A bruised, battered piece of roadkill.
I must have passed out for a moment. Because I woke to a stinging pain on my wrist and a deep, throbbing ache in my belly. It wasn’t anything like the pleasurable feeling Alpha Turner had tempted from my body. This felt like a missing organ. It was both sharp and deep, and I longed to rub the pain away with my aching hand. But I still couldn’t move! 
I was straining so hard to lift my head, I didn’t realize at first there was someone else in the room. Another man from the low pitch of his voice, but he was standing somewhere behind my head. The doctor looked agitated and I stopped struggling. Anything that pissed the asshole off had to be good news for me. 
“But we’ve only just removed the claim mark. It’s best we introduce her to the other subjects immediately. I’ve already called down to the holding cells.”
“They’ll just have to wait.” The man behind me sounded brusque, but unruffled, like he was used to getting his own way. When the doctor’s lips thinned, he made a placating sound. “I’m not questioning you work, Jason, I just need to check a few things first. Why don’t you take a break? It looks like you’ve been at it for a while.” 
“I followed protocol,” the doctor muttered. “It takes as long as it takes.”
“Indeed.” There was a long silence, then the man behind me said, “I’ll have the room now, Jason. I’ll be bringing in my own technician, as well.”
I heard Morrison scuttle away, but Dr Klein paused in the doorway. “Let me know if you get a firm result. I stand behind my analysis, Dr. Michaels.” He bobbed his head, barely giving me a passing glance. “I’ll leave you to it.”
The door closed behind him and I felt a hand touch my shoulder. I wanted to turn my head and sink my teeth into it, but all I could do was snarl, “You better dump me a long way away, because as soon as I can move my hands, I’m going to wrap them around both of your scrawny necks!”
“It’s okay, sweet pea.” The man stepped into my line of sight, a syringe in hand. “You’ll be better in no time, and then you can choke me all you want.”
But I was the one being strangled. Because the stranger sliding the needle into my skin was wearing an older, wearier version of my dead father’s face. 


Chapter Twenty-Five - VAIL


“Dad?” Feeling flooded back into my limbs as he withdrew the needle, but I was still numb from head to toe. I lifted a shaking hand, wincing as the skin pulled tight on my wrist. A perfectly round scab covered Jasper’s claiming mark and my dad’s gaze darkened as he stared at the wound.
“I’m sorry I didn’t get here earlier. When Turner came to make a complaint, he admitted he’d already made a call to Alphason Arras. I was thinking strategy, and politics, instead of looking at your record. As soon as I saw your name, I came running.”
I just stared at him. It was like seeing a blurry photograph of someone you’d started to forget. I remembered his eyes, and the neat beard he always wore, but the grooves around his mouth were different and his hair was gray around his ears. But even though he’d aged in the last six years, he looked well. Strong. He sure as hell didn’t look dead.
“How can you be here?” I whispered.
His eyes softened, the familiar caramel and olive-green hues swirling together. I suddenly remembered sitting on his lap and describing their color to him. My eyes were all one shade and I’d been fascinated by the different rings and flecks in his. “I’ll explain everything to you, but not now. As much as I just want to sit here and hug you, I need to make sure you’re safe. And Klein, the stupid fool, has you marked as a void. You’re not, but he’s already entered it on your record and it’s going to be tricky to reverse.”
I shook my head slowly, amazed at how light it felt after straining so hard to move it an inch. “A void? I don’t understand…”
“It means your wolf never formed. It doesn’t exist.” Whatever he saw in my face made him clutch my hand. “He’s wrong, Vail.”
I swallowed gingerly, my throat the kind of sore you got from screaming into the wind. “But I’ve never felt anything. I don’t have any sense of a wolf, not like the other duds. Maybe that’s the reason.” I wasn’t sure why the thought of my wolf being gone – or never having been there in the first place - made my heart so heavy. 
“You’re not a dud either,” my dad said, looking pained. “Listen to me, Vail. I promise you this. You’re not a dud. And you’re not a void. Klein just jumped to the easiest conclusion. It may take me a day or two to get that corrected on your record, but I will.”
I nodded tiredly. The label mattered less now than ever. I just wanted to wrap my dad’s chocolatey smell around me and know I was safe. But how could I believe that? I’d trusted him before – thought my dad hadn’t just hung the moon, but tacked every star in the sky just for me – and he’d left. Not just left, a little voice whispered. He’d hidden himself away in death, so I’d never come find him. Hurt bloomed in my chest, so raw tears were suddenly streaking down my cheeks. I could barely see him though my swollen lids. “Where have you been, dad? It’s been six years! Why did you leave me with Driftwood and Darkness?”
The grooves around his mouth weren’t laugh lines. I saw that as he took a handkerchief from his pocket and dried my face. “They’ve been good to you?”
I thought of the way we’d parted, how Darkness had stayed away and Driftwood hadn’t given in, even when I called him dad. But they were moments compared to all the good years – and happy memories – before that. “Of course. But they’re not you.”
“It was the best I could do. I had to make some hard choices and I knew Driftwood would look after you like his own.” His gaze dropped to the handkerchief crumpled in his hand. “I’ve lived with that hope every day, just as I’ve lived with the loss of you, sweet pea. But I was always coming for you.”
“When? It’s been six years! Last anyone heard, your truck went off a road on Mount Whitnor. Everyone thinks you’re dead, dad!”
“I had no choice. I needed you to be safe, just until you were old enough to look after yourself.”
I gave a bitter laugh. “You’re kidding, right? I might have had the Chances to live with, but I was an orphan before I was a teenager. And living in the Horn. I’ve had to grow up damn quick.”
“You’re beautiful, sweet pea. Every bit as strong and unique as I knew you’d be.” He looked me over with a proud smile, despite the wreckage of my face and the ugliness of the paper gown. I wanted to bask in his admiration, but I wasn’t a kid anymore, and for the last third of my life, another man had been there for me. Maybe he saw the realization in my face, because he closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. When he opened them again, he looked more like a doctor than my dad. “Let me give you something for the pain, and then get you a bath and some food. I’ll explain it all over dinner.”
“You mean here?” I looked around the sterile room, knowing I’d never be able to visit the dentist again without having flashbacks to this chair. “I want to go home. Back to the Horn.”
“Sweet pea, let me clean this mess up and then we can talk. I’ll put you in an observation room until I can get your record changed. I’m off shift in a little while, so I’ll officially sign you into the care of Russell. He’s my assistant and is completely trustworthy. He’ll get us some dinner brought in, and keep the others away so we can talk.”
I nodded, a hundred questions stuck in my throat, but I pushed them aside. I wanted to scream and cry and laugh all at once, and I knew I was close to losing it. But I had my dad back, even if I didn’t understand why or how. That trumped everything else.
He was just helping me off the table when a guy in his twenties with curly hair and dark glasses rushed into the room. He was pale, his tie askew, and he looked at me like I was his worst nightmare. “Dr. Michaels, there’s been an urgent phone call from the Academy. Miss Chance is to be returned to the school immediately.”
My dad paused, a myriad of emotions passing over his face. “Did it come from Principal Gladstone?”
“Direct from the School Board offices, I believe.”
My dad’s hand tightened on my arm and I knew what he was going to do, even before he gave a stilted nod. “Give us a moment, Russell.”
“There’s an Arras enforcer on his way to collect her.” Dad’s assistant looked at the raw mark on my wrist and winced. “Someone’s head is going to roll by the sound of it.”
“Then let’s control the damage before it comes to that.” It was surreal hearing my dad talk to this stranger about me – the damage – as if I wasn’t there, and he seemed to sense it, because he waved the younger guy out of the room. Russell looked at me curiously, but I ignored him, grabbing my dad’s hand as soon as we were alone. “Can’t I stay here with you? You can’t send me away five minutes after I learn you’re still alive!”
“Sorry, Vail. I wish like hell I could, but the facility won’t deny a board member.” He pulled me in for a sudden hug and I was crying again, but now my tears were bitter. “But I’ll get your record changed, and get you out of that school. As soon as I can.”
“I don’t care about that,” I sobbed. “I don’t want to go! What if you disappear again?”
He hugged me tighter, and even though I hurt all over, I clutched at that pain, trying to bury it deep. I could already feel him fading away, disappearing again. “Oh, baby girl. I’m sorry I ever left you. And I wish it was safe enough for me to claim you back, and look after you the way you deserve. But I promise, by the next moon, I’ll have you back with me.”
I nodded, even though I wasn’t sure I believed him, and could barely see through my tears. “This is a scent shield,” he said, pressing a small brown bottle into my hand. “Orange oil, with a little lavender and a bit of my own mixture. A few drops each morning, and it will mute your scent. It’s harmless, but after a week, not even an Alphason will be able to track you.” 
I stared down at the bottle, my head throbbing. “What is it? I don’t understand.”
“I’ll be getting a message to you, sweet pea. As soon as I can. And then you’ll have to run.” 
***

I was crying so hard they had to sedate me. No long goodbye with my dad. No concrete plans to go along with his promises. I was asleep when I left the facility, and woke a groggy mess curled up on the back seat of a car. It was dark, full night outside, but the car was warm, the tires a muted hum beneath me. There was no other traffic on the road, and the high beams sliced through the darkness, showing wedges of mountain scrub and rising gray cliffs. I was wrapped in a blanket and when I lifted it to my nose, more tears tracked down my cheeks. I’d hoped it had my dad’s scent, but all I could smell was the cheap cotton, and a faint whiff of the lab’s air-conditioning.  
“You’re alright now, Miss Chance,” the driver said. I lowered the blanket and stared at him, surprised he knew my name. He was big and bulky, his curly dark hair almost scraping the roof of the car. For some reason I’d though he’d be the same guy who gave me a ride to the Academy that first morning, but I’d never seen him before. My throat felt scratchy and I cupped my neck. “Where are we going?”
“Back to school. Alphason is waiting for you.” His dark eyes flickered in the mirror. “We’re sorry you’ve been injured.”
We? Did that mean he worked for the facility? Maybe with my dad? I leaned forward eagerly. “Do you work for Dr. Michaels?”
He gave me an odd look. “I’m Arras pack. Security for the alpha’s family.”
I sat back, trying not to show the pain that leaked from my bruised heart. I knew I was groping blindly for a connection to my dad – I’d had six year’s practice, after all. But he was already starting to grow hazy, and the strange car, the grim driver, even the ordinary blanket, made it feel as if our brief reunion was just a dream. “How far is the school?”
“Just up ahead. There’s a bottle of water in the door, if you need it.”
I nodded and snatching it up, quickly removed the lid and gulped down the cool liquid. My hands were shaking so hard, I sloshed a little on the blanket, and I scrunched the damp material in my fist. How many nights had I lay under the quilt in my room, crying for my dead dad? How many mornings had I woken, feeling as if that same quilt was suffocating me, even while it was damp with my tears? I’d never even started to get over him. It was bullshit to think that grief was some hill you climbed and then came down the other side, all that pain just a memory. It was a wound, badly patched, and always in danger of bleeding again. Which was how my heart felt now; raw and bruised and one more knock away from crumbling to pieces.
I looked at the wound on my wrist. They’d obviously treated it before shipping me off, since a gauze square covered the mark. I peeled it back, staring at the circular red scab. I’d been too out of it to pay much attention to what had been happening under the cuff, but the loss of that little crescent moon felt like another blow. I’d been angry at Jasper for marking me without my consent, but this was worse. I hoped my dad kicked Dr. Klein’s ass. 
Not that any of that mattered once I was back in the Horn. I had to believe my dad was coming for me, and we’d be together again soon. Far away from wolves and claims and labels that earned you a trip to the lab. I just needed to be ready. Transferring the little vial of scent shielder from my pocket to my backpack, I smoothed the plaster back over the scab on my wrist and folding the damp blanket, set is beside me on the seat. My dad was coming, and that was the only claim I cared about.


Chapter Twenty-Six - JASPER


The library was dark and quiet, even though it was filled with my pack. The school board member who’d called to tell me Vail was on her way had offered the administrative offices, but I’d told her where she could shove that idea. It was going to be a long while before I stepped back in that building without losing my shit. She’d rushed to tell me the bitch principal who’d sent Vail to the lab was on leave, effective immediately, and early retirement was under consideration. She sure as shit didn’t want to show her face around here again.
I paced to the end of the library counter, and stared out the window at the courtyard. This was the second closest building to the school entrance and I’d started to wear a groove in the carpet. From this corner, I could see the front gates and the rose garden, with the circular road and drop-off point a little further off. Someone had lit the front of the school up like Christmas, even though my night vision made it unnecessary. Maybe they’d had the sense not to drop Vail back in the dark, like a dirty little secret. 
Motherfuckers. No one at the school had told me what condition she was in and the lab assholes had refused to let me talk to her directly. I’d sent one of my enforcers to collect her and three second after he had eyes on, he’d called and given me an update. She was sedated, and had to be transferred to the car in a wheelchair. I’d put my fist through the library’s front window when he’d shared that detail.
I glanced down at my knuckles. They were already healed, thanks to my alpha blood. But Vail was Unclassified, her wolf little more than a shadow under her skin. I knew what they did in the labs to stubborn wolves. 
Car lights swung in from the road and my wolf whined against my teeth. I’d given up trying to hold him in hours ago. His mind had been perfectly clear. His mate had been taken and she was coming back tonight, even if he had to force his way through my controls and run all the way to the lab himself. I’d barely been able to keep him from going rabid, although my bloody knuckles and the pacing seemed to help a little. But what he wanted was out there, and we were moving before my brain could tell him to prepare himself. 
My pack followed, the alphas guarding my flank and the omegas huddled in close. They’d been watching me with their big, soft eyes ever since I’d taken over the library, their limbs vibrating with the need to creep closer and provide me solace. But my wolf was adamant; we were wallowing in our pain and rage until Vail was safely back at our side. 
He gave a growling yip as the car slowed, and I ran the last few feet. The alphas scrambled to follow, but I warned them back with bared teeth. No one was getting close enough to touch her. Hell, if my wolf had his way, we’d be out here alone, so she didn’t have to feel even the brush of another pair of eyes. 
My enforcer, Liam, was out of the car as soon as the ignition was off. He gave me a careful look as he came round, and my fists clenched. “She’s awake, lucid and doesn’t appear to be in too much pain,” he said in a low voice. “Physically, she’ll probably check out, but her emotional state is a concern.”
I nodded curtly, my hands already going to the car door. I eased it open, my wolf giving another whine as we looked into the dim interior. Vail was sitting in the middle of the seat, staring straight ahead. A blanket was folded beside her, her hands clenched in her lap, but I could smell the stain of fear and sorrow on her. Looking through my wolf’s eyes, her skin was luminescent, but there were tear tracks on her face and bruises on her arms. Other wolves had touched her – six, maybe more – and the scent of male arousal bloomed around her neck and lips. Before my wolf could shudder out of my body, my eyes dipped to her wrist, and the gauze covering her wound. I could smell it – metallic, bitter, wrong – but I’d already known they’d stripped her of my mark. My wolf had known the second it happened.
His response was simple. Burn the lab to the ground, then come back to the school, and terrorize the assholes who’d sent her there.  
And then, of course, claim her all over again.
“Sweet thing,” I murmured, and she turned to look at me. Pain – the deep, emotional kind - was pressed into her pretty face like a dirty thumbprint. “Can you come with me?”
“I’m fine,” she murmured, but her voice was low and croaky. Thinking about what had make it like that – the hands on her throat, the screams torn from her lips - made my wolf thrash inside of me. But she was clutching her backpack like a shield, so I kept him at bay, and held out a hand. After a long moment she took it, and my wolf fucking purred as I wrapped us around her.
 I stepped out of the car, the omegas shuffling closer at the sight of her in my arms. She protested when I handed her backpack to one of them, but the female said something reassuring and she eased back against me. My wolf had barely let me keep my pants while we’d waited, so I was shirtless, and her wet cheek pressed to my neck. The feel of her pain dripping down my chest was worse than knife cuts, and I turned to Liam. “Get me the names of everyone she interacted with at the clinic. The doctors first.”
Vail stiffened at that, then touched my arm. “It was just one, really. Klein. He didn’t tell me his first name. The other doctor, Michaels, stopped him. He helped me.”
Like that would save the fucker. But she was drilling me with those wet, green eyes, so I nodded at Liam. Something flickered over his impassive face and he stepped in close. He was careful not to touch us, but the word he whispered battered against my ear. If Vail heard him, she didn’t respond. I stared down where her head rested on my shoulder. My wolf was watching me so closely, I could feel his breath on the back of my neck.
“Keep that to yourself,” I told Liam with a hard look, and then we were striding into the school. My alphas formed a loose ring around us, facing out, the omegas scurrying on my heels. I was pretty sure the fuss was for whoever we might bump into, rather than to protect us from any attack. Something my wolf was already plotting as he sifting through my memories, matching them up with everything he’d seen and heard and scented. He was calmer now, with Vail so close, but I knew I’d be running on four legs before the dawn.
The school was dark and quiet past the lit-up entrance, and Vail didn’t say anything as we came to a separate building, cloaked in shadow. She’d probably never even noticed it before, since a thorny hedge grew over an imposing fence, with one small gate providing admittance. I ducked through, making sure her dangling feet weren’t scratched on the branches, and her tired eyes lifted to mine. This was when she’d usually arc up and demand to know where we were going, but she just lay back against my arm as the alphas led the way in.
Two floors, with eight bedrooms, the oversized cottage with its reinforced perimeter and advanced security system was empty for most of the year. The air was stale, but everything else about the building was luxury. It had to be, since it was the campus’ only real safe house. The board member who’d offered it had barely got the words out before I’d told her we’d already moved in. 
It was overkill. But this wasn’t about protecting Vail. This was about making her feel like nothing could ever hurt her again.
Lamps burned in every corner and a fire was crackling in the front room, but I took Vail straight upstairs. The omegas were in their element, scurrying to draw down the covers in the bedroom, and heating up whatever food they’d cooked. The house was full of delicious aromas and I knew they’d stocked up on half the kitchen’s supplies. A good move, since it’d be a long fucking time before I subjected her to the dining hall’s bullshit again.
Vail looked around with weary interest as we entered the bedroom. The fireplace downstairs was more for show – the whole building was climate controlled, the lighting all on sensors. It might have looked like a quaint cottage full of antiques, but everything in here was brand new and designed to pamper the assholes on the school board. Still, I felt a little better when Vail sank onto the bed with a soft sigh. I’d seen the pathetic bunks in the dud dorm and I had to sheath my claws as I tucked her under the thick comforter. “There’s food coming. Soup, I think, but something more if you’re hungry.”
“Soup’s good,” she murmured, her hands smoothing over the bedding. When she caught me looking at the gauze on her wrist, she shoved it under the comforter.
“Don’t,” I said. “I want to know. I need to see it.”
“Later?” She asked, and her voice cracked. Fuck me. Maybe she knew how close to the edge I was, because she licked her lips and asked, “Can you get me my backpack?”
Two of the omegas were already in the hall, one with Vail’s bag and the other with a tray of food. I brought both over to the bed, and though she smiled at the tray with its bowl of soup, buttered bread and glass of juice, she focused on her backpack. I had to take a step back when she unzipped the top. A familiar scent enveloped us and I knew what it was before she pulled it out. Mine. “You left this with me the other day.” Her head canted as she pushed back the comforter and lay my blanket along her skin, covering herself from neck to toe. “Was it… yesterday?” Her gaze flicked around the room, her pulse erratic. “Was it just one day?”
“One day,” I murmured, tucking her tight as I could without laying my wolf down on top of her. “Less than. Do you want to talk about it?”
She gave a quick shake of her head and I backed up a little. “You should eat something and then try to sleep. I need to stretch a bit, but I won’t go far.” At her confused look, I rubbed a hand across my chin. Bristles rasped my palm, thicker than usual. “If I don’t let my wolf out, he’s gonna start shredding shit.”
“Okay.” She paused, and I could see her working through something. “I think… I think I’d like to see him again, if that’s not too weird.”
I raised my brows. “You’ve seen him before?”
She nodded again, her eyes growing distant. “The first wolf I ever saw was yours. On the dud orientation day…”
I growled; she was going to have to remove that word from her vocabulary. Plus, I remembered the day well, and I’d been a bit of a dick. Well, a lot of a dick. I tried to paste on one of my cocky smiles. “I seem to remember getting kicked in the shins.”
She gave a low, raspy laugh. “What did you expect, wolf-boy? I thought you were going to eat me.”
Good instincts, since my wolf had been salivating in her direction even then. “Hold that thought, because I don’t want to scare you. We’ve both been pretty restless with you gone.”
“Really?” She sounded doubtful and my wolf gave a silent howl. It was mournful and I suddenly realized seeing her through my eyes was a poor substitute for the real thing. Maybe even a kind of torture for him. “Does he need to go run outside?” She looked around. “Or is this his room? I could wait downstairs if he needs his space.”
“That’s the last think he wants. And the room is yours.” She subsided back against the pillows and I felt my heart pinch. There’d always been something a little lost about Vail Chance, but as her eyes got that unfocused look again, I saw how deep that loneliness went. “Could I just… let him out in here for a while? He’ll behave himself; I promise.”
Her eyes were wide, but I sensed more curiosity than fear. “Okay.”
I ran my hands down my thighs and walked to the corner, next to the desk under the picture window. I’d told her he’d behave himself, but he’d never been this tense. His rage coated the back of my tongue and my bones ached with his impatience. He’d never hurt her – just thinking it made his claws rasp along my spine – but he felt so volatile, I didn’t really know how he’d react.
She sat up a little, her knees outlined under my blanket, and watched me undress. It was nothing like the shower scene, when I’d used every inch of my body to draw her in. Or maybe there were similarities, only this time it was my wolf in charge, and he was the one trying to seduce her. He didn’t have an insecure bone in his body, but tension rippled off him in waves. As she watched me peel off my jeans, I knew he’d swamped my eyes. And I’d barely hooked my thumbs in the sides of my boxer briefs when he launched out of my skin.
His awareness slammed into me, wrestling its way to the top. It was always a bit of a battle with an alpha wolf. We didn’t just share the same consciousness, we traded back and forth, the control always in the hands of whichever skin we wore. It was why so many alphas split from their wolves and went feral. I ground my teeth as I thought of the assholes that must have surrounded Vail in the lab, but my wolf was having none of my dark thoughts. She was staring at him with a soft kind of awe in her eyes, and he wanted to bask in every scrap of her attention.
I tried to keep him in the corner – there was enough room to curl up between the desk and the wall, if he pulled his tail in. But my wolf let that idea blow right past. Instead, he trotted straight towards her, his tail as high and puffy as a snow leopard. I let him take the lead. His nose was even more sensitive than mine, and the combination of her skin and the blanket from his bed was so good, I’m pretty sure I would have dropped to my belly if I was in control. But as he reached the edge of the bed, she extended her hand, and he smelled the wound on her wrist.
He howled. There was no masking that shit, and a split second later I heard my alphas pounding down the hall. My wolf leaped up on the bed, feet planted on each side of Vail. He was holding her captive under his blanket, but he was facing the door. Not a good angle to introduce her to my wolf, but there was no way he wasn’t going to greet interlopers with a full set of fangs. 
The alphas weren’t stupid enough to come in. They cracked the door, Baron and Felix’s scents wafting in. My wolf snarled, low and menacing, and my lieutenants took a hearty sniff before retreating. He didn’t like even giving them that little bit of Vail, but he just grumbled and stepped carefully to her side. He turned, stretched out, his snout almost touching her shoulder. His rump thumped the mattress, covering her in a cloud of his scent, before he lay still. Or as still as a two-hundred-pound wolf can, when he’s vibrating from ear tip to tail.


Chapter Twenty-Seven - VAIL


I wasn’t stupid enough to touch Jasper’s wolf with my wounded hand. For some reason, the sight of it had made him howl. And the sound hadn’t just brought the guys in the hallway running. It had pulled at something in my chest, as if he knew exactly how deep my pain lay.
Instead, I turned my other palm up, right next to the bony ridge of his elbow. My thumb touched the tip beneath the fur and he scooted back until his paw was resting on my palm. My breath hitched. It was warm and large, even compared to the rest of him, with four arched toes and long black claws. I’d seen it before, in Biology class, but then I’d been solely focused on the blood claw. There was no sign of it now, and I realized the shape resembled a snowshoe. I smiled a little, my fingers closing around the edges of his paw. 
The wolf made a yipping sound and I looked into his pale blue eyes. Similar to Jasper’s, but I had no doubt he was a separate creature, too. I couldn’t deny it, not when he was looking at me so intently from his golden halo of fur. Pulling my hand free, I gently reached up to touch the rounded curve of his left ear. It was surprisingly soft, and he lowered his head to make it easier to reach. I traced its edge, slipping across the top of his head to brush the other one. He twitched, but didn’t seem annoyed, so I let my fingers drift down his cheek, skipping over his muzzle to touch the pale gold fur under his neck. He puffed out a breath and rolled into me, his spine pressed along my side. When my hand paused, he whined, and tilted his head back. My fingers slowly threaded through his soft ruff, until I could feel his purr vibrating against my palm.
We lay like that, my fingers tangled in his fur and my limbs growing heavy as the adrenaline seeped out of me. I knew I needed to take a dose of the scent shield dad had given me, but I didn’t want to move. It was too nice being curled around Jasper’s wolf. Those muscles I’d been clenching since the lab were finally starting to relax under his body heat. Plus, he seemed to like my scent, tucking his nose against my armpit more than once. Gross, but I kind of understood it. Jasper’s sunshiny scent was all over his wolf. Between that and the heat, I could almost imagine I was back home in the Horn, lying on my favorite rock. Catching freckles, as my dad used to say.
I rolled a bit, my eyes popping open as I stared at an expanse of smooth, golden skin. Just as I’d swept my fingers over his wolf last night, my eyes travelled across Jasper’s chest, along his neck and up to meet his eyes. “Good morning,” he rumbled.
I opened my mouth to reply, but it felt dry and gluey, like I’d been in a deep sleep. I winced as I took a swallow. Jasper was watching every flicker on my face, and his thumb pressed gently against my sore throat. “You let me kiss you, and my tongue could probably help you with that.”
I scooted back a bit, but I couldn’t hide my smile. Last night he’d been Scary Alpha, and while his rage hadn’t been directed at me, it had still kept me on edge. But this morning he seemed to be back to cocky Jasper. “I think I’ll just suck on a lozenge.”
His eyes were suddenly hooded, the icy blue peeking out. “The words that find their way to your lips, Vail Chance. Pure torture.”
I rolled my eyes, but couldn’t deny the way my stomach clenched at his husky growl. Sunlight was streaming through the window and Jasper was lying on the top of the comforter in just his black boxer briefs. It would take a stronger woman than me to look away. Especially when he leaned forward and kissed the tip of my nose. “I see my wolf left his mark.” I raised a brow and he picked a short, golden hair from his lips. “Exactly how close did you let him snuggle?”
I snorted. “He was a perfect gentleman. Gentle wolf? Whatever.” I rolled to look out the window, willing my red cheeks to stop flaming. “What time is it?”
“About eleven. We didn’t get to bed until after three.”
I nodded, but I couldn’t hide my shiver and his hand pressed against my back. I looked over my shoulder at him. “When did you swap places with your wolf?”
I expected another smirk, but he frowned. “You had a nightmare. You were calling for your dad in your sleep, so I changed back.”
Shit. I bit my lip, wondering what else I might have said. Anything was possible after the emotional reunion with my dad. “Really? I called out for my dad? Driftwood would probably get a kick out of that.”
His finger traced down my spine. I was still wearing the sweatshirt I’d borrowed from the gym locker, but it could have been French lingerie from the way it felt gliding against his touch. Which made his next words all the more startling. “I think he’d want to skin every wolf alive for hurting you. I know I do.”
I paused, trying to work through my own feelings. My treatment in the lab had shocked me. There was no way to describe what had been done to me, other than torture. The clinical technician with her kind eyes and probing questions had been bad, but it was Klein’s tests, growing more intrusive and painful, that had nearly broken me. 
But I felt disconnected from that now, my every thought focused on my dad. I wanted to just revel in the fact he was alive, but I couldn’t ignore my other feelings. Like my hurt that he’d been hiding from me, and probably would have stayed that way if I hadn’t been brought to the lab. I was confused too, unable to make his behavior fit with my childhood memories. We’d always done it tough, but no worse than the Chances. Our cabin had been even more remote, though, and there were times when he’d disappeared for days at a time. But he’d taught me how to look after myself and I’d never felt abandoned. Darkness and Driftwood often visited, along with a few of his closest friends when they could make it so far north.
Had it been a strange, and sometimes lonely way to grow up? Yes, but had our life together been so bad, he’d had to fake his own death to escape? And why had he chosen to work in the lab? He must be a wolf – another thing he’d never revealed - but why had he chosen to torture other wolves? My dad had always had a ruthless streak, but he believed in protecting those who couldn’t protect themselves. 
Like a void. 
I went still as I thought of how he’d reacted to that label. He’d insisted it was a false test result, but had he been lying? It wasn’t like I could tell his truth from his lies anymore, if I’d ever been able to. And wouldn’t having a void for a daughter be a possible reason to give me to his human friends to raise? For protection, but maybe also because he was embarrassed by me…
To disown me?
Something withered up inside my chest. They’d been calling me packless since I’d arrived at the Academy, and most of the time, I’d been able to brush it off. What did I care about their packs when I had Driftwood and Darkness waiting for me in the Horn? Yes, the kiss had messed things up, and Driftwood had sent me off, but I knew they still cared about me. If push came to shove, they’d let me back into their home… But would they?
Did Driftwood know I was a wolf? Had he agreed to help my dad, but when money became tight and I ruined things with Darkness, had he decided to take up the Academy offer, and leave me to my own kind? 
I didn’t know. Like Mr. Wentworth had said, ignorance was a curse, and I had it in bucketloads.
I looked up, realizing how long the silence had stretched. Jasper’s fingers had trailed down my arm, and settled on my wrist. His thumb swept over the gauze, but didn’t peel it back. Before I could jerk my hand away, he bent his head and kissed the bandage. When he looked up at me, his eyes were stark with pain. “I’m sorry my mark made them hurt you.”
I thought of how pissed I’d been with him claiming me; how I’d tried to hide it and wished I could scrub it away. But when I’d woken to find Klein had burned it from my body, I’d felt only loss. “It wasn’t your mark’s fault. They were going to do their tests, even without it on my wrist.”
“But I did it all wrong. I should have told you what it meant. Given you a choice.”
I couldn’t deny that. He’d been an alphadouche, like usual. But I also remembered the way Alpha Hunter had reacted when he’d seen it. The mark had come with some power of its own; enough to make him go against the protocols of his job and report Klein to my dad. I pulled a face. How was it Jasper Arras, an Alphason, was looking out for me, while my own dad had thrown me away like I was less than a dud?
“I should get ready for school,” I said, avoiding his eyes. The alternative was to lie down against his warm chest and sob. “I can probably just make it in time for lunch.”
“It’s the weekend.” Jasper reminded me, leaning on one hand. “The omegas have made you a meal. And your classwork was sent over.” He gestured to the desk under the window, where a bunch of papers were neatly stacked next to a laptop. “Your teachers said to take the week, and they’re on call 24/7 if you have questions.”
I tried to imagine contacting Miss Fisher at midnight to ask about my Biology homework. “Did they say that, or did you tell them?”
He smirked. “As far as I’m concerned, you’ve got a free pass to graduation.”
“That won’t make me a very good service dud, though.”
His hand shot out and covered my mouth. “Don’t say that.”
I studied his face. That cocky happiness was gone. I wrapped my fingers around his, and gently lowered them. I couldn’t deny he was acting like I was more than a dud, but the only thing the lab tests had confirmed was that my wolf wasn’t coming out anytime soon. Maybe that would be okay if I could spend the next couple years working on it, but an Alphason needed more certainty. Right now, I was a novelty. The packless, clueless new girl. But what if I really was clawless? If I was a void, everything changed. 
Besides, if my dad was telling the truth, my time at the Academy was drawing to a close. 
“Is there anything else you need?” He asked and I realized I was still gripping his fingers. I let them go and glanced at my backpack, which was resting against the wall. 
“I’d like to see Marnie.”
A tightness entered his gaze. “She’s not Arras pack.” When I gave him a look, he said, “Technically, you’re packless, but I felt it when they took my claiming mark. My wolf knew. And you need to know, he wants it back, Vail.”
“I think that’s the first time you haven’t called me dud or sweet thing. I wasn’t sure you knew my name.”
He smirked, “If wolves would let themselves get tattooed, mine would have it inked on his ass.”
 I laughed. I’d seen his wolf’s ass and the only word for it was furry. Jasper’s ass on the other hand… I cleared my throat. “About Marnie. I really need to talk to her.”
“There are omegas here. They can get you anything you need.”
I glanced at my backpack. As much as I felt safe with Jasper near, I had to start getting used to the idea of leaving. And that meant patching up my walls and standing on my own two feet. “It’s not that,” I told him. “I need to talk to her about what happened. In the lab.”
I felt bad playing the emotional card, and when pain flickered across his face, I bit hard on my lip. “You won’t tell me? You don’t have to, but maybe I can help. And my wolf will want to know, Vail. He’s not going to let what happened go unavenged.”
I shivered, thinking of my dad. Even Alpha Turner and dad’s assistant, Russell. I couldn’t let them become collateral damage. I must have been gnawing at my lip, because he reached up and touched it. “I’ll get Barren for you, but I hope you trust me enough to let me help, too.”
He slid off the bed and was almost at the door, when I couldn’t stop the words from bursting out. “I do trust you, Jasper. Maybe more than you realize.”
He just gave me a sad smile. “This time, when I bring you your lunch, you need to clean your bowl. My wolf insists.”


Chapter Twenty-Eight - VAIL


It was a bit much to expect Marnie to run the gauntlet of the entire Arras pack, so I organized to meet her in the small garden at the front of the rose cottage. One of the omegas had told me it was a kind of safe house, which explained the high fence and screening shrubbery. A small table and chairs were set under an arbor, and jasmine curled around us as we devoured the lunch the omegas had made. It was some kind of pot pie, with steamed vegetables and creamy mash, with strawberry shortcake to follow. Marnie’s eyes were huge as she drank it all in, including the scab on my wrist. It had started to itch, so I’d got rid of the gauze, and in the bright sunlight it looked pretty ugly.
“I thought I was going to have heart failure when Baron Becker turned up to my French cooking class. And then he said he needed me to come with him urgently – in French! Half the class went into an actual swoon.” 
I smiled at her; she was glowing from all the attention and it was about damn time. “I’m glad you’re here. It feels like I haven’t seen you for a week. But then I stop and remember I’ve only known you that long.” I shook my head and took a long drink of the sweet tea the omegas had made. “Sometimes I wonder if any of this is real. Maybe I fell off a dirt bike in the Horn and cracked my head open.” 
Instead of laughing, Marnie reached across the table and gave me an abrupt hug. “They deserve to be locked up. Everyone who’s made you feel that way.” She sniffed and sat back. “Did you want to talk about what happened?”
I thought about it. It was my excuse for getting her here, but I wasn’t used to having a girl to talk to. Most of the girls in my old school were either townies I had nothing in common with, or from families like mine, living in the Horn and keeping to themselves. Talking about your problems wasn’t done. There was always someone doing it harder, and when had talking ever fixed anything, anyway? Still, Marnie knew a lot more about this life than I did, and she’d already offered to help once before.
“I didn’t see many people,” I said slowly, skipping over the trip there and the three guys on the bus. “Just some security, then a technician for the first part. I did some tests on a computer. About my life choices, I guess. Then she asked me some personal questions while I got changed into a hospital gown.” I pulled a face. “I should have known it was going to get worse after that.”
She took my hand and I stared at her smaller, paler fingers, thinking of the way I’d held Jasper’s huge paw last night. This was comforting too, in a different way. “They took samples. Hair, nails, blood.” 
“They?” She asked softly.
“There was a doctor there, called Klein. He was running the show. But the technician had given me a pill earlier. I should’ve asked what it was, but she said it was to help me relax.” My voice cracked and her fingers tightened on mine. “It stopped me moving. I could breathe fine, and talk, but I couldn’t even turn my head. They took some other samples. From inside.” I looked away, hating the way my thighs trembled at the memory. “Then they brought in an alpha.”
Marnie made a little moaning sound and I saw tears standing in her eyes. “Oh, he didn’t hurt me. He didn’t even want to be there, once he saw the claiming mark.” I took a swallow of the sweet tea, feeling my face grow hot. “It shouldn’t feel so bad. He just touched my neck and kissed me. He was gentle.” I shook my head, trying to work through my jumbled feelings. “They called it an arousal test, but I don’t think he was trying very hard. He was too pissed about learning who’d given me the mark. And he definitely didn’t want to cross Jasper.” 
Marnie’s eyes were the size of saucers. “I’ve heard of that. It’s Old Pack. Some alphas have the ability to draw out a wolf through a sexual connection. It’s kind of kinky, so they don’t use it much anymore. And never on a wolf who hasn’t reached their maturity.” I frowned at the term. “Oh, our wolves really kind of come into their own when we turn eighteen.” She waved away what else she was going to say. “Do you know his name?”
“Klein called him Alpha Turner.”
Marnie looked grim. “He’s Arras pack. I don’t know him, but it’s a large family and they’re close to Jasper’s. No wonder he didn’t want to touch you.”
“He’s the one who stopped it. Well, he told the lab manager, I guess you’d call him.” I dropped my gaze, so I could skim over the part about my dad. “But when he left the room, Klein said I’d screwed up. Should have stuck with the kissing.” I gave a weak laugh, but it cut off as I remembered the crackling sound of electricity pulsing through my lax muscles. “He used some kind of shock therapy. I don’t know how many times, because I passed out. And when I woke up, my wrist was in a cuff…”
Marnie was crying, and when she handed me a napkin, I realized I was, too. “Motherfucking hurt,” I hiccupped through the tears. “The lab manager came in, but Jasper had sent someone to collect me. That was it.”
“Thank you for telling me,” she said, pulling me in for an even tighter hug. I was glad she didn’t go easy on me because of what I’d told her. I needed something real to cling to. “No wonder Jasper’s on the warpath.”
I shook my head. “It was my fault. For failing the musk test.”
She stared at me. “That’s not normal practice, Vail. It’s like jumping twenty testing steps. Someone put your name up, accelerating the timeframe. Gladstone signed off on it, but someone else made the recommendation.”
I frowned. “The gym teacher?” 
“No way. Costa doesn’t think beyond the next packball game or track meet. Besides, she was completely fangirl about how you crushed the running part of the test.” She chewed on her thumb. “It would have to be an alpha, anyway.”
I shrugged. “Pearl doesn’t exactly like me.”
Marnie reared back. “She’s Arras pack,” she said in a near whisper. “That would be… a huge betrayal to her Alphason.”
“Not if she thinks she’s saving him from claiming a void.” I peeked up at Marnie. “That would be doing him a favor, right?”
“A void?” Marnie really was whispering now. “That’s what they said you are?”
I thought of the certainty in my dad’s face when he told me Klein’s findings were wrong. But was that the doctor or the dad talking? “I don’t know,” I said. “I don’t think they were sure, one way or the other.”
“Then don’t say it again,” she said quickly. “A void is bad, Vail.”
“Why? I mean, isn’t it just the same as being a human?” I sat forward on my chair. “I would get sent back home to the Horn. Maybe it’s meant to be.”
“No,” she said, her mouth tight. “It’s different. Voids aren’t human.” When she bit back her words, I felt like screaming. I could tell it was bad, but being clueless had bitten me in the ass, big time.
“Please, Marnie.”
“I don’t think we should talk about it.” She looked at the window nearest us. “You never know who’s listening. And I don’t know enough about it, anyway.”
I sighed, then remembered someone who could help. “Okay, but if I gave you a note, could you deliver it for me?”
“Sure.” She flushed a little, twisting her fingers together. “Anything you need. Only…is it going to get me in trouble?”
“It’s for a teacher,” I assured her, and she relaxed, even offering me a page from her notebook. “If he’s not in his classroom, he might be in the teachers’ lounge.” Even though it was the weekend, the faculty tended to stick to a lot of their weekday routines. Committed, but it also wasn’t like there were many places for anyone to escape to other than the woods. I quickly wrote out my request, trying to remember the words as best I could. When I handed it to her, she looked at the name I’d scribbled on the front with raised eyebrows. “Baron Becker and Mr. Wentworth in one day?” She blushed pink, but pocketed it. “If you don’t see me again, it’s because I’ve melted into a puddle somewhere between here and the Math block.”


Chapter Twenty-Nine - JASPER


I’d left Vail to meet her friend in private, telling myself it was because every time the little freshman caught sight of me, she looked like she’d pass out. But the reality was, I couldn’t afford to be too close to Vail when she shared her story. I didn’t know how much detail she planned on giving, but I knew I wouldn’t be able to stop myself from listening in. And if the detail was bad… 
Well, so far, I’d been operating on rumor and guesswork, and I’d already terrified the principal’s secretary, broken a bus driver’s jaw and knocked out a couple of Reed’s alphas who were speculating on her test results. All wolves, so they’d get over it, but not a good look for a pack heir.
Did I care? I found the longer I thought about how she’d ended up in the lab, the more I was happy to have a two-hundred-and-fifty-pound seething wolf inside me. 
Not that I’d been able to discover who’d put her name forward for off-site testing. My enforcer was chasing down things at the lab, but according to the admissions officer, there was a case number, but no request authority. Sending a wolf to the meathouse required alpha approval, since it was usually a last resort for troubled wolves. Klein, the asshole who’d performed the tests, had mysteriously disappeared last night before Liam could detain him. And the lab manager, Dr. Michaels, had been the one to stop the session, so he was in the clear. 
Terrifying the principal’s secretary had been a shitty thing to do, but at least it had uncovered a discrepancy in Gladstone’s timeline. She’d called Vail into her office at one p.m. to send her to the lab, but the bus driver confirmed he’d received a booking at half-eleven. Vail was the only student on his list, so it had definitely been booked for her. The failed musk test had been completed not long before, but the gym teachers had both had a class immediately after. And both were low-ranked betas without the authority to assign her for further testing. So, who was the mystery alpha? It certainly wasn’t the bus driver, since he was a low-ranking wolf who’d pissed himself half-way through his rambling report. The busted jaw was because he’d told me about the three ferals from Iron Range Correctional he’d picked up. When he’d let slip he hadn’t stopped them from pawing an unprotected female, I’d hit him. And told him he was lucky it was my human hand meting out his punishment.
I shuddered as I stepped through the safe house gate. Three adult ferals, bad enough to warrant the labs. Maybe it was a good thing Vail hadn’t been raised in a pack. Because if she’d known the kind of wolves she was travelling with, she would have had a good idea of what waited for her at the other end. 
I’d left Baron to watch the house while I was gone, and he was waiting on the front porch. I’d told him to give the females their privacy, but from the look on his face, I knew he’d heard some of it. I grabbed his shoulder before we went inside. “Spit it out,” I hissed.
“I just heard one name. I couldn’t block it out. You know if it’s a pack name…”
“In the lab?” 
He nodded, then steeled himself. “Alpha Hunter.”
I sagged a little. “He’s the one who called me.”
Baron looked surprised. “You didn’t tell me that.” I just stared at him and he frowned. “Hey, you know you can trust me with this, right?”
“An alpha put her name forward, Baron. For now, all alphas are on my shit list.”
My lieutenant looked pissed for a moment, then nodded. “Good plan. If they’ve covered their tracks this well, it’s gonna take a sneaky asshole like yourself to hunt them down.”
My lips quirked, but I punched his shoulder. “She in her room?”
“Yeah. The little snow bunny’s been by twice, though. Second time she was carrying a bookbag. Wouldn’t give me a look inside, even when I growled at her.”
“You dick. Did she manage to actually say anything, or did you scare her speechless?”
“Not much, but I patted her down.” He shrugged at the blatant power abuse. “She smelled like my first period teacher.”
“Spit it out, fucker!”
He couldn’t resist waggling his brows at me. “Mr. Tea & Crumpets.”
***

I took the stairs as quietly as possible, since I wanted to put my boot through each and every one of them. I’d understood Vail wanting to talk to her friend about what had happened to her at the lab, but why had she reached out to the omega, Wentworth? I got my answer a moment later when I found her sitting at the desk reading a book drenched in his scent, her teeth chewing on her plump bottom lip.
Anger and frustration sizzled through my blood. But before I could snatch it out of her hands, she gave me a nervous smile that hit me straight in the gut. “Hey, everything okay?”
The smile floored me. It was both happy and anxious at the same time, and was exactly the emotion my wolf was projecting through my skin. He wanted nothing more than to be in her company, but he could only settle and enjoy it if she felt safe. And if she didn’t feel safe, he wasn’t about to lie down and wait for it to magically happen. “I’m good,” I told her quietly, forcing myself to unclench my fists. “How did your visit with Marnie go?” 
“It was… nice. I mean, what we talked about was hard to share, but I felt better at the same time.” She gave a small shrug. “I’m used to dealing with things on my own, but Marnie’s easy to talk to.”
I made a mental note to kick Baron’s ass for frightening the little snow bunny. In my book, she was golden. I also took her comment as a reminder that she valued her independence, and grabbing her by the scruff and smothering her in my wolfy body wouldn’t go over too well. “I’m glad. I don’t know her very well, but her siblings are good wolves.” I looked over her shoulder at the book, careful to keep my expression neutral. “You studying now?”
She flushed, and for the first time I found it hard to smell her fresh laundry scent. I crouched down beside her chair. “Are you okay?”
“Yes.” Somehow, my hand was cupping her cheek, and to my wolf’s delight, she didn’t bat it off right away. Instead, she leaned into it. Despite the small show of trust, I could feel how nervous she was. “I have to tell you something, Jasper. It’s about my test results.”
I thumbed her cheek, soothing myself with her silky skin. “Nothing they told you means anything to me.”
“But it should. You’re an alpha and pack heir. You can’t be… hanging out with someone like me.” 
I sat back on my heels. Someone strong and hot and beautiful? But I kept my wolf’s panting to a minimum as I said, “You don’t need to say it, Vail. The lab got it wrong.”
She scrunched up her brow. “How do you know?”
Instead of telling her Liam had shared the preliminary report with me when he dropped her off, I tapped the book she was reading. It was called The Wolf Bane – Ferals, Voids and Rogues and was pretty rare, but my dad had a copy in his library. It was written over a hundred years ago by an expert in what was known as the wolf curse. He was famous, not just because he was from the Marrow bloodline – one of the oldest and most ruthless in the wolf world – but because he spent half a century living on the edges of bane packs. They were groups of troubled wolves who’d splintered from their birth packs, and were notoriously dangerous and elusive. Marrow had travelled through most continents where my kind lived to study their ways, and was the first to give the three curses their names. 
A feral was a wolf who’d wrestled himself free of his human conscience. He was basically all instinct, except he retained the human form to use at will, and enough cunning to bring out the worst in his beast. A rogue was a wolf lost inside a broken human shell. Some kind of trauma – often the loss of a mate, or exile from the pack – had broken his will and stolen his ability to shift. Voids were believed to be born, and not made. They had the hallmarks of a wolf – resilience, heightened senses, an affinity for pack life – but their bloodline wasn’t pure. They weren’t a wolf-human hybrid, either, although Marrow never identified the species sharing their wolf blood. A void never shifted, and their wolf was never sensed by another. 
“But how did I live so long never feeling any glimmer of my wolf? I’m either a dud all the way through, or I’m a void.” She looked down at the book, and Marrow’s impression of a void. It was a human male with a swirling shape in his chest, and glowing green eyes. I didn’t miss the connection, but there was no way Vail and this shifty asshole were related. “Or maybe I’m really just human, and the Academy made a mistake.” I was already shaking my head, and she rolled her eyes at my smirk. “How do you know?”
“Because my wolf is smart. He’s cunning, and pushy and he doesn’t tolerate much. But he’s also a sociable beast. He wouldn’t pick a female who didn’t have a wolf inside her to match mine.”
She watched me through her lashes. “You sound so sure.” She pressed a hand to her breastbone. “But I don’t know if there’s anything in here…”
“There’s something there. My wolf knew the first time he scented you.” I stroked her other cheek, my thumb brushing across her lips. “Accept it, Vail Chance. We’re a foursome. Blush all you want, but there’s four of us in this bedroom.”
She laughed, and it made the grumpy asshole roll on his back and stick his legs in the air. We both wanted more of it, of her smiles and the laundry scent that was still muted. The thought that her treatment at the lab had damaged that crisp, delicious part of her made us both ache down to our bones. I scrambled around for something to say that would keep the smile on her face. “There’s a packball game next Friday night. Ever seen one?” My wolf perked up at the question, batting me with his fluffed-out tail in the wolf version of a high-five.  
Vail was biting on her delectable bottom lip. “Is that anything like football?”
“No padding. Fewer rules. Multiple shifts. But there’s a ball, and occasionally we kick it.”
“Sounds crazy. But also interesting, in a lethal kind of way.”
I nodded, my wolf giving me a nudge with a claw to the balls. “To be honest, I don’t really care about the game, but there’s a dance after. The Hunter Moon Formal. Would you like to go? As my date?” I winced as the claw bit in. “Sorry, as our date?”
A shadow flickered through Vail’s forest green eyes, and for a moment I thought she was going to reject me. Us. But then she nodded slowly. “I’d love to be your date to the dance.” A glimmer of something – hope, fear? – was reflected in her scent, but then she gave me another of those gut-busting smiles. “Who knows, maybe my wolf will step up, and we can make it a double date.”



Chapter Thirty - VAIL   


I was going to the Hunter Moon Formal with Jasper Arras. 
The thought was so distracting, I had to keep reminding myself my date was the heir to a werewolf pack, and dancing the night away under a full moon wasn’t necessarily the fairytale ending other girls dreamed about. 
But the unusual date wasn’t the only thing consuming my thoughts. While Jasper had brushed off Klein’s test results, I’d read everything I could about voids in Mr. Wentworth’s book. It didn’t paint a pretty picture. They were the least understood of the so-called “cursed” wolves, but there were a few facts amongst the speculation. Voids never had any siblings, they were antisocial and often forced out of their packs for in-fighting, and no wolf was ever able to sense their kind within their human form. It was believed this was because of another species back in the bloodlines of voids, messing with the human-wolf genetics. But there was no information about what kind of species that might have been. Given the other supernatural critters that usually went along with werewolf legends, I shuddered to even think…
My other fixation was with my dad. I was equally torn between feeling betrayed by his past actions and hopeful about the future. Why had he abandoned me when I was just a kid? What had I done, or what did he need to do, that made him fake his own death, and leave me for someone else to raise? But also, would he keep his promise this time and come for me? And if he did, where would we go? Back to the Horn, or a fresh start somewhere further away from pack lands? He’d told me I’d have to run, and I believed him. Even though I didn’t have any real insights into his new life, he worked for the pack and I was indebted to them for my education. Despite what I’d read about wolf curses, the pack didn’t seem to let their kind go easily.
 So, I’d tried to cover all my bases. After spending most of Saturday in bed, sleeping off the trauma of the lab, I woke on Sunday and took the first dose of the scent shield dad had given me. I also asked one of the omegas if I could get my clothes from the dud dorm. It just so happened she was the pretty, fragile blonde from the orientation session, and as flustered about her new role in the pack as I was at being camped out in the Alphason’s bedroom. Her name was Jasmine, and when she returned with my clothes, I was dismayed to find her trying to lug my duffel bag up the stairs. One of Jasper’s friends was in the sitting room watching sports, and he jumped up when she tried to swing the heavy bag over her shoulder.
“Hey, you get one of the betas to help you with that, Omega.” He gave the shy girl an exasperated look and she wilted like a plucked flower. Scooping up my duffel like it was a pocketbook, he sniffed the bag and frowned at me. “Why aren’t you wearing the clothes Jasper got for you?”
I glared back at him. “I don’t know what you mean. Those are my clothes. And her name is Jasmine, not omega. Would you like me to go around calling you beta?”
Jasmine was still frozen at the bottom of the steps, but Jasper’s friend swept us both ahead of him as he took the stairs two at a time. “I’m an alpha,” he corrected me. “My name’s Baron. And I know both your names, but it’s customary for you to give them to me first.”
“Baron Becker?” 
He grinned, opening the door next to mine and dropping my duffel inside. “Jay mentioned me?” I didn’t correct him, since I figured Marnie wouldn’t appreciate the call-out. “These are your clothes.” Striding into the bedroom, he pulled open the door to a massive closet, and waved a hand at the racks. “Nadia said if anything doesn’t fit, or you want it in a different color, she can sort it.” He peered in at the rows of dresses and shoes and pulled a face. “I’m probably more useful if you want to get hooked up with a new set of wheels.”
I perked up at that. “There are cars on campus?”
He looked a little surprised. “Sure, there’s a pack garage, just past the dining hall. But I meant if there was a specific model you wanted the pack to add to the fleet.” He looked me over, like he was measuring me for one of the pretty dresses hanging in the closet. “Something sporty, maybe, but with off-road capability.”
I just gaped at him. “Why in heck would the pack loan me a new car?”
Baron studied me for a moment, then rubbed his jaw. “Maybe that’s something you should discuss with Jay.” He looked at Jasmine, who was still standing quietly by the door. “You need me to carry anything else for you, Omega?” He flicked a glance at me. “I mean…”
“Jasmine,” she said in her breathy voice, and immediately blushed to the roots of her pale hair.
“Pretty,” he said, and I wasn’t sure if her meant her name, her blush, or the girl herself. All were deserving of the compliment. But Jasmine just quickly shook her head and Baron strolled out of the room with a beaming grin for both of us. Of course, I’d know he was an alpha; it was just nice reminding them labels weren’t everything, especially since I was possibly a vampire-werewolf hybrid.
“Do you want to have a look at the clothes with me?” I asked Jasmine, who’s eyes immediately locked on the closet like it was Aladdin’s cave. I couldn’t blame her; I’d only peeked inside and the sheer number and variety of choices was terrifying. “Maybe I could get my friend Marnie to come over and try a few things.”
“We could have a sleepover!” Jasmine almost screeched. “Netflix and pizza!”
I grinned at her abrupt transformation. “Sure. Do you think we can get those things here?”
She looked at me like I was crazy. “There’s not much you could ask for that wouldn’t be expressed to your door.”
“Really?” I glanced back at the elaborate closet. “That’s kind of overwhelming.”
She patted my hand, and pulled a cell from her pocket. Her fingers flew across the buttons before she gave a satisfied smile. “Nadia’s getting Marnie, and the pizzas will be here in an hour.”
It was my turn to hold in a screech. “You have a phone? I thought only alphas and staff were allowed them.”
She made a clucking sound. “How else do they expect omegas to service their every whim?” She squeezed her lips tight, suddenly stricken. “I didn’t mean it to sound like that. I really love my role in the pack. It’s just sometimes I wonder if they think things can actually be conjured out of thin air.”
I grinned, thinking of the way Jasper waved his hands and issued orders. I was pretty sure he knew it wasn’t all magic. But my gaze was still locked on her phone. “Do you think I could borrow it to call home?”
Jasmine chewed on her lip. “You should probably talk to the Alphason about that. All outside calls are monitored.”
It wasn’t lost on me that Baron had brushed me off to Jasper, too, but I didn’t want her to feel bad, so I just smiled. I liked screechy, bossy Jasmine better than the shy, blushing version, so I let her nudge me downstairs, and watched her work her magic on the living room. Somehow, she managed to oust Baron from his position in front of the television, and get him to set up camp in the den. All with little more than a blush and a whisper. Once he was gone, she began lighting candles, pulling cushions off chairs, and grabbing supplies from the kitchen and bathroom. By the time Marnie and Nadia arrived, the room had been transformed into Jasmine’s Cave, and I was having my first ever foot spa.
“This is the life,” Marnie said as she flopped beside me on a mound of cushions and eyed the row of nail polishes set out on the coffee table. “And best of all, no dining hall trauma to go with my vegetarian pizza.”
The pretty brunette who’d come in with her pulled a face. I’d seen her in the house, but felt a bit shame-faced I didn’t know her name. Jasmine introduced her as Nadia, the Head Omega, saying nothing of my hypocrisy in calling out Baron earlier. “The hardest thing about our role in the pack is when other students are treated with disrespect,” Nadia said, her dark brown eyes lingering on me for a moment. “Omegas are meant to nurture. It’s in our DNA. But it can be hard to influence the behavior of others, especially if they’re naturally dominant.”
I thought of Pearl and her minions, but didn’t want to sour the mood, so just crammed a handful of M&Ms into my mouth. “Well, Jasmine’s already nurtured me into a sugar coma and a foot spa,” I said around the crunchy chocolate. “What are we going to watch first? Just so you know, I’m a Netflix virgin.”
The other girls hooted as they all settled on the pillow mountain. When the pizza arrived, I was mesmerized by a show about hot bikers doing bad things in California, and had to be nudged twice before I could rip my attention away from the screen. Which was a bit embarrassing since Jasper was the one holding the pizza boxes. He made a rude sound when he saw what we were watching. “Really? The only J you need in your life is standing right in front of you, Vail.”
The other girls tittered while I put an arm around Jasmine’s shoulder. “I know. She’s introducing me to all the bad boys on Netflix, and I’m forever in her debt.”
While the omega blushed bright pink, Jasper’s eyes danced in amusement and his sunshiny smell almost knocked me off my feet. “Well, who am I to get in the way of female bonding over a bunch of bad boys?” He asked, snatching the top two pizza boxes off the stack and leaving the remainder for us. “I’ll just retreat to the den and feed my inner wolf. Because that’s not tough, or anything.”
As he left with an exaggerated swagger, Nadia rolled her eyes. “Ever since they said his musk is off the charts, he’s been strutting around like top dog.”
I looked at her in surprise. “Really? You mean the musk test I failed?”
She winced a little. “He tested at Pack Alpha levels, which was a first for any student. I mean, he’s the heir to the pack, but his dad is still technically stronger.” She looked thoughtful. “It’ll be interesting to see how he reacts to the full moon.” When I just shrugged, she said, “The next moon is the Hunter and has the biggest influence on our wolves. We all go a little crazy, but for a wolf with his musk levels, it’s probably going to be a much more powerful reaction.” 
“He’s invited me to the Hunter Moon Formal,” I admitted, pulling a face for Marnie’s benefit since I’d blown it off only days ago. “He just asked me earlier. You’ll all come too, won’t you?” The girls all exchanged glances, and I got that clueless feeling again. “What am I missing?”
“You have to have alpha approval to attend,” Marnie reminded me. “I’m guessing you have a date, Nadia?”
“With Colin.” She chewed on her lip.
“It’s not as if this house is short of alphas,” I huffed. I’d shoved my feet into fluffy pink slippers after my foot spa, and I felt a bit ridiculous shuffling down the hall, but I soon found the den. Jasper, Baron and another guy were sitting over the empty pizza boxes and busily drawing in notebooks. For some reason I’d expected them to be playing video games, or polishing gun parts, and I raised my brows when all three notebooks snapped closed at my entrance. Jasper was instantly on his feet. “All okay, Vail?”
“Good,” I said, my gaze on the notebook he’d stuffed between the sofa cushions. “I just need to borrow a couple of alphas.”
When he took a step towards me, I held up a hand. “You’re taken, but Baron and...?”
“Felix.” The guy uncoiled himself with the grace of a snake and I blinked a bit at his wide, white grin.  I was pretty sure I’d seen him chasing a freshman in a bikini around on the field trip, but I slapped on a polite smile. I had faith Jasmine could take him if he forgot his manners. “Great.”
They followed me back into the sitting room, where the girls were still mid-pizza. At least one slice slapped back into the box as they gaped at the three alphas. “We’re all going to the Hunter Moon Formal together,” I told the room. “Marnie and Jasmine need alpha approval – and dates.”
Both of Jasper’s friends looked slightly poleaxed, but I waved a hand in the girls’ direction. Felix instantly broke into another wide grin as he looked Jasmine over. “Happy to be of service.” Jasper, I realized, was staring at Marnie, who shrank a little, and my happy bubble withered. But it was Baron who spoke up. “I’d love to take your friend, but she’s Marshall pack.”
I tapped my fuzzy pink slipper. I might have been clueless about a lot of pack stuff, but I knew a cop out when I heard one. Jasper was now watching my foot, and I cringed a bit at the tangerine nail polish I’d chosen. But when he met my eyes, there was something soft in their blue depths that tugged at my stomach. “Reed won’t be a problem,” he said. “And if he’s upset we’re escorting one of his lovely wolves, he can try taking it out on the packball field.”
I rolled my eyes, but Marnie looked on the edge of a swoon, and even Baron seemed pleased by the decision. We watched the alphas swagger back off to their coloring competition, or whatever it was they were doing, and I gave the girls a thumbs up.
“Now that’s magic,” Jasmine told me with an impressed look. 
“Luna level mojo,” Nadia agreed, and even though I didn’t know what that meant, I joined in the high-fives.
The only odd note came an hour later, when we were buried in my closet, trying on the new dresses Jasper had provided. Marnie went to the bathroom, discretely gesturing for me to follow. When I joined her, she was holding out a square of paper. “I’m not sure when I’ll get another chance to give this to you,” she told me. “Mr. Wentworth asked me to pass it on. I think it’s important.” Unlike my note, it was sealed in an envelope, with no name on the front. “I’ll leave you to open it in private.”
“Thanks.” I didn’t think I’d mind her reading it, but if it was extra information on cursed wolves, I didn’t want to burden her with my fears. Ripping it open, I unfolded the piece of paper and sat on the edge of the bath to read:
Miss Chance,
A mutual acquaintance has reached out and asked me to contact you. Things are in motion as discussed. He said you would know who he is, as it won’t be your first reunion. Stay strong, use what he’s given you and watch for him in the sky. I don’t have any further information, but you can always come to me regardless.
It was unsigned, perhaps in case it had gone astray. Mysterious notes between faculty and troubled students would probably raise eyebrows, even in a werewolf school. But it was frustratingly short on information. It had to be a message from my dad, given the recent reunion, and the reference to a gift. I’d taken the scent shield, but what did he mean about watching the sky? Was he going to bungy-jump into the quad and snatch me up? Or was it a reference to the upcoming Hunter Moon?
Stuffing the note into my pocket, I pinned a smile on my face. I’d try to work through the message again later. Right now, I wanted to revel for a few more hours in being a girl with friends, talking about hot bikers and pizza toppings. Walking back into the closet, I asked, “So, more Netflix bingeing, or are we YouTubing that crazy Japanese cat again?”




Chapter Thirty-One - JASPER


The happy hum of girl talk filled the safe house until the early hours. Baron and Felix had already gone to bed and when the whispers finally died off, I snuck to the living room door for a peek. They’d opted for mattresses on the floor, and my wolf purred to see Vail and her friends curled up like a pile of pups, her orange toes sticking out of the bottom of her duvet. I was tempted to wolf out and sneak in. I had a vision of myself belly flat to the floor and sucking on each cute little painted claw, but decided that was my frustrated inner beast talking.  
I was just slipping into my own bed, when Vail appeared in the doorway. She was in one of the new silky pajama sets, and while I had Nadia to thank for the purchase, I liked thinking she was wearing something that had come from me. “Did I wake you?”
“No, I don’t think so.” Her gaze bounced to my naked chest. Silky PJs weren’t really my thing, not that she looked too bummed out by the fact. “I just wanted to thank you for tonight. I know you paid for all of it… And I didn’t really ask, before invading your space.”
I sat up, holding out a hand. She bit her lip, but came over to the side of the bed. She perched on the edge, as if she wasn’t sure she was welcome. “It’s your space, too. And it was nice having you all so happy. Like I said, my wolf’s a sociable beast. He thought you looked like a pile of pups all curled up together.”
“You saw that?”
“I might have snuck a peek. Couldn’t help noticing your orange toes.”
“Tangerine,” she corrected, her toes curling into the carpet. 
There was a happy glow in her green eyes, and my wolf whined, though I managed to muffle it before it slipped free. He retaliated by taking the toe-sucking image and playing it again, this time with more intimate body parts. I had to clear my throat to hold back a groan, reaching for her hand to calm us both. “I want to try something.”
She stared at my fingers as they linked through her own. “Okay.”
Leaning forward, I dropped the briefest kiss on the end of her nose. “Wolves who are dating don’t really kiss. It’s reserved for mates.”
Her breath came out in a small huff. “Really?”
“Uh-huh.” I feathered another kiss across her knuckles, then the back of her hand. “And we’re more into biting when it’s casual affection. You ever see wolves together in the wild? They nuzzle and nip, even bite each other on the mouths.”
Her eyes were like wide, forest pools as I dropped a kiss on her collarbone. “Are you gearing up to a painful suggestion here? Cos when I said I liked bad boys, I didn’t mean it literally.”
“No?” I smirked, the silver in my eyes making her shiver. Or maybe it was the kisses I was trailing up her neck. “The thing is Vail, I don’t won’t something casual with you. And what I’m feeling isn’t just affection.” I paused at the edge of her mouth, pulling back so she could see how serious I was. “I want you. My wolf has claimed you already, but I want you to know I’m all in.”
She cupped my cheek, her eyes wide, but her gaze steady. “I want you too, Jasper.”
I leaned forward and kissed her. My wolf had given me back full control, knowing this wasn’t about dominance or rough play. It let me keep the kiss slow and soft, easing forward until my tongue touched the tip of hers. She was matching my every move, clearly thinking more than feeling, and I eased her onto her back. She was flushed, her breathing unsteady, and my fucking heart pinched at the trust in her eyes. “I’m gonna kiss you harder now, Vail. You’re the sweetest thing I ever tasted, so a little of my wolf might come out.”
She nodded. “I like your wolf.”
I smirked. “The feeling’s more than mutual.”
She was smiling as I kissed her again, but this time I pressed harder. She instinctively angled her head, opening herself to me, and I groaned as her hands slid up my arms. Everywhere she touched made my skin tight with pleasure, and I felt a little more of my control slip. I lapped and sucked at her tongue, as she moaned and arched up against my chest. My hips rocked against her thighs, pushing her down into the bed, and she wrapped her silky legs around my knees. As our tongues tangled in a similar way, sharp points pierced my shoulder blades and a growl rattled out of her chest. She pulled back in shock.
“You feel that?” I pressed a hand to her left breast, the vibrations still there, next to the erratic beating of her heart. “That’s your wolf, Vail. I told you there were four of us in this bed.”
She nodded slowly. “I felt something. Like it was stretching, even scratching me…”
“Her claws. She’s telling you how she feels.” My hand drifted down to her belly, and Vail instantly tilted her hips. The memory of her spread out by the pool flashed through my mind and I parted the silk of her shirt, pressing a kiss to her belly. 
“Jasper,” she groaned, rocking her hips again, her hands on my abs. “I don’t know if it’s me or my wolf talking, but you’re driving us insane.”
I pressed my nose into her belly button. “Again, mutual.”
She gave a strangled laugh, digging her fingers into my hips. “I think she’s hungry for more kisses.”
“A greedy wolf,” I murmured, rolling to her side and peeling the band of her pajama bottoms back slightly. When I could see the strip of her dark hair, I had to bite the side of my tongue. She clenched her thighs, and her scent was thick in my throat as I growled, “What do you want, greedy wolf?” 
“Kiss me,” she pleaded.
“Where?” I dipped a finger into her heat. “Here?”
“Don’t torture me, Jasper!”
The admonishment made her breath catch and we stared at each other with wide eyes. “I’m sorry,” she whispered.
“Never. Just like you will never be hurt again.” Tears pricked her eyes and when they overflowed, I kissed each one. I imagined I could taste my vow in their salty sweetness. I transferred it to her lips. “You want pleasure, my wolf, I will gladly give it. You want vengeance, or a chest to beat, I have that, too.”
“I want… I want…” She stopped, blinking away her tears as she took a deep breath. “I want you to hold me, Jasper.” I nodded, pulling the covers over us and locking her tight to my chest. Her head was on my shoulder, our legs still tangled. I felt the rest of her relax, exhaustion pulling her under. She was almost asleep when she murmured, “Some of those kisses might be nice in the morning.”
***

We overslept, Baron knocking quietly on the door to tell me the girls were up and practice was starting soon. Vail was just stirring as I slipped out of bed and pulled on my sweats. On any other day I’d blow off the rest of the world, but the packball game during the Hunter Moon wasn’t something I could leave to chance.
I smirked as she sat up sleepily, her hair in her face, and her mouth open in a yawn. There were plenty of things I was ready to hand over to this Chance, including the left side of my bed. She blinked at me, a slight frown on her face as she saw I was dressed. “Did I sleep through the morning kisses?”
I made a pained sound. “You keep looking at me like that with those big, green eyes and I’m going nowhere.”
She deliberately widened her gaze, pointing to her face. “These eyes?” When Baron thumped the door, she sniggered. “No more looking at the very important, oh so busy alpha.” 
A growl rolled out of me at her playful tone, the air sparking with my arousal. My hands went to the band of my sweats just as Baron called through the door, “There’s three females out here cooking up a storm if you’re hungry!” 
Vail eyes went comically large of their own accord and she leaped out of bed, smoothing down her pajamas. “Worst hostess,” she muttered, hurrying to the door. I grabbed her before she could pull it open and lay a long, hungry kiss on her lips. She immediately kissed me back, and Baron groaned. “I can hear you, you know!”
“Really?” Vail squeaked. “Sniffing and hearing superpowers?”
“If that’s all you got from last night, our alpha is off his game,” Baron muttered, but Vail was already sweeping past him and didn’t see the fist I buried in his shoulder. He huffed, but was grinning. “Nice and wound up for some packball, boss?” I just gave him a matching bruise on the other shoulder.
We headed out while Vail was in the middle of morning greetings and a stack of pancakes. Eating before a game wasn’t wise, but I nabbed a handful of bacon anyway. I was hungry. But I was also happy. And my wolf was skipping around inside me like a giddy lamb with three-inch, packball-tearing teeth.
Packball was a mean, bloody sport, as befitting the brainchild of a bunch of wolves. We’d arranged to practice against Reed’s team, and he was waiting for me in the middle of the field when we arrived. I used the term loosely, because packball was played in a wedge of forest, around a pair of sheer hills. The objective of the game was simple. Carry a ball through an opposing pack’s defenses, to the top of your hill. Of course, we were allowed to shift at any time, the ball weighed forty pounds and claws and teeth were frowned upon, but not illegal. Exactly what I needed after the last couple of intense days.
Reed’s face was equally grim. “I need to talk to you,” he said, and nodded at Baron and Beckett, his second. “Get started. Won’t take a minute.”
Grabbing my arm, he dragged me through the trees and over to the pavilion we used to heal the worst injuries on the field. I smelled Callum before I saw him, lounging on one of the treatment tables we used when a broken bone needed to be set. He smirked when he saw me, but it was Reed who poked me between the shoulder blades. “She’s a void, Jay. You have to give her up before this gets out of hand.”
I ignored the blow to my back, but made a mental note to give it back double strength on the field. “Fuck you, Reed. You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
 “You think you’re the only one who can shake down a doctor? We have the official report.”
I shrugged. “It’s wrong.”
He put his hands on his hips, glaring at me. “What is it about this girl? Are you trying to prove something, or are you just being stubborn?”
I almost laughed; I’d never met a more bone-headed wolf than Reed Marshall. But my amusement died when Callum shook his head, his black gaze eating up the tension between us. “Wrong question, Reed. What I want to know is why your wolf’s giving her a free pass?”
I turned towards the door. “Fuck you, too, Callum.”
“Not good enough,” Reed said, spinning me back round. “Why is your wolf letting you chase a void?”
I stared at his hand until he let my arm go. “Because she’s not a fucking void, you asshole. And my wolf isn’t letting me do anything.”
Callum raised a brow. “Your wolf wants her? That’s what’s driving this? She’s somehow infected him?”
 “You need to get your head out of your ass. Or the dark ages. Because that thinking is shit.” I narrowed my eyes at both of them. “Why do you care? This has nothing to do with your packs.”
Reed crossed his arms and stuck out his fat chin. “If an alpha wolf is getting sucked into a void, it’s going to go badly for all of us.”
Callum smirked at Reed’s word choice. “And think how this looks, Alphason. You crawling after the lowest kind of bitch…”
I stepped forward and hit him hard in the mouth. Something cracked under my knuckle, but the lunatic didn’t even bother lifting his hands, grinning at me through the blood. Reed swore and stepped between us. He tossed Callum a towel, then pushed me back against the wall. “Face facts, Jasper. She’s packless. And she’s a void. You can change the first, but not the second.”
Callum spat blood onto the table and laughed. “And your dad will never let you change the first, precisely because of the second.”
I stopped to let them both see the wolf in my eyes. “You’re a cold prick, Sawyer. And you’re a fucking coward, Marshall.”
“Maybe,” Reed shrugged, “but you’re a wolf who’s dangerously close to losing everything over a broken mate.”
I was likely to rip someone’s head off if I played packball, so I left Baron to run the practice session. My mood didn’t improve when I arrived back at the safe house, to find Vail had already left for class. While I took it as a positive sign she was feeling better, I didn’t want her out on the campus if her lab results were general knowledge. Colin, one of my other alphas, was shadowing her as per my directions, and I shot off a text asking him what class she was in. I ground my teeth when he told me she was crunching numbers with the ever-so-helpful Mr. Tea & Crumpets. An annoying name for an annoying omega, but I’d never been a fan of a wolf who wore sheep’s clothing and liked it too fucking much.
When the class finally came trickling out, most took one look at my face and disappeared down the halls. But the last guy out paused, looking me over like I was waiting for him. He was one of Callum’s mouthy betas, and he jerked a thumb over his shoulder as he gave me a leering grin. “You after Mr. W? He’s just finishing up with the tasty new treat.”
Mouthy, but not particularly smart. A conclusion he came to as fur popped up on my forearms. “W-Want me to get her?”
“Get gone,” I managed through a mouth crowded with teeth, and he rabbited down the hall. I swung back to the door he’d shut behind him, my alpha hearing no match for the flimsy wood. 
 Vail was speaking, her voice a mixture of eagerness and unease. “Thanks for the information. There wasn’t anything to add?”
“Nothing new. But I’ll keep an ear out. You feeling okay about everything?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I appreciate your help. And I’ll get your book back soon.”
Wentworth made a soothing sound that made my hackles rise. “No rush. I’m glad you’ve found your feet. I was worried when I heard you’d been taken to the lab.”
Vail’s voice was softer, but not as haunted as I’d feared. “Jasper’s looking after me. I’m feeling better. Safer.”
The omega missed a beat, then said slowly, “That’s good. But you’ve other friends looking out for you, too. Remember to keep an eye on the sky.”
Vail muttered something and her footsteps approached the door. I grabbed the nearest member of my pack, who was a brainy beta by the name of Callahan. He looked surprised to be accosted in the halls, but his smarts weren’t just from books, and when I thrust him towards the door, he pulled it open. Vail stepped back in surprise – but shot a happy grin at me over his head. It was like lightning straight to my chest. 
“I just need to see Mr. Wentworth about differential geometry,” Callahan said, and Vail blinked at him and moved aside. “Now I really feel clueless,” she whispered, then peered up at me. “And what are you doing here, oh so important Alphason?” 
I pulled her cheeky mouth in for a kiss, not missing the way the crowd froze around us. I didn’t maul her like I was tempted to, but there was no mistaking my intent by the time we came up for air. I figured there were two ways to make sure no one called her a void. The first involved me lining up the whole school and letting my wolf out. The second, was marking her with a mate’s kiss in the middle of the hall. My wolf didn’t seem to mind at all I’d chosen to go with option two. Still, I gave them a flash of silver as they scrambled to look away.
Vail grinned at me, blushing a little as she noticed the stares that were too slow to shift their focus. “Walk you to your next class?” I asked.
“It’s Biology.” She pulled a face.
“Exactly what I feel like sitting in on.”
“Freshman Biology,” she reminded me.
“Well in that case…” I pulled her into an empty classroom. She muttered something about falling even further behind, before collapsing into our kiss. By the end of it, we were both panting hard and I was pretty sure she knew exactly why I was there. The only question that remained was: why the hell did she need to keep an eye on the sky?


Chapter Thirty-Two - VAIL


The next morning, I woke to Jasper’s wolf wrapped around me and my fingers buried in his fur. The house was quiet, so I could hear his deep, steady breathing, and for a moment I just stared at the sunlight playing on the wall, and blissed out on how safe he made me feel.
Classes yesterday had been interesting. Jasper had insisted on sitting in on them until lunch, then swept me off for a private meal at the rose cottage that somehow stretched to dinner in bed. I’d been worried we’d get in trouble for skipping class, but Jasper smothered my protests with kisses – and a particularly cocky laugh. I guessed being an Alphason came with some perks I hadn’t thought about. Although it reminded me of the conversation outside the dining hall where he’d told Marnie and I he had enough duds doing his homework. I’d spent the rest of the evening making him pay for that, until he literally begged for forgiveness. And then ordered my tongue back in his mouth.
As I stroked the wolf’s silky ears, I gave a lazy stretch and couldn’t bite back a moan. There was a delicious ache in my muscles that Jasper had called my wolf’s rousing. He thought that since I was close to eighteen, it was doubly intense. There was also a lot of clenching going on in bed, I had to admit. We still hadn’t gone beyond fooling around, but even our kisses were becoming more extreme, until we were both wearing nips and scratches on our skin. I was proud of these marks, even though I occasionally caught Jasper looking longingly at the circular scab on my wrist.
As I made to sit up, Jasper’s wolf slipped back into his human form, his arms immediately pulling me back down. I laughed and snuggled into his cooler, hairless skin. “I think you’re my Summer Jasper,” I told him. “I’ll keep your furry friend for the winters.”
“By the time winter comes round, you’ll be wolfing out yourself,” he reminded me, his voice husky.
I nodded, but the thought of winter made me sad. In the past, the end of the year always meant two things – surviving the long cold, and celebrating my birthday and the other holidays. But this year, nothing felt certain. The Hunter Moon Formal was in two days, and I needed to take the message from my dad seriously. If he did come for me during the full moon, I needed to be ready to go. And possibly run - beyond the pack lands, and maybe even the Horn. But in a few short days my certainty had started to waver. I didn’t believe the new aches in my body were only from my wolf rousing. And for the first time in my life, I felt like my heart was trying to split into two.
Jasper must have sensed my sadness, because he looked deep into my eyes, the blue the color of a sunlit lake. “I’m crazy about you, Vail Chance. Wolf or male, we’re head over paws for you.”
I squirmed, even as my heart cracked that little bit more. “I’m crazy about you, too.” I blew out a breath. Overwhelmed didn’t start to cover it. “Are you always so straight up about how you feel?”
He rolled his shoulder, running his hand from my nape to my tailbone. Explosions went off at every bump in my spine. “Pretty much,” he admitted. “As I’ve probably proven on numerous occasions, wolves aren’t shy. And they don’t really play games when it comes to their mates.” He tilted his head to look at me. “There’s no point in lying if everyone can smell how you really feel.”
“You’re serious about the sniffing ability? It’s not just a new girl prank?” 
“Remember that first day, when Callum said you smelled like nothing? That was either bullshit or he’s not very tuned into you. Because I have your scent. In fact, my wolf fucking loves it.”
“Really?” I grinned. “It better be something really cool, like French Vanilla Roast. Or pepperoni pizza! If it’s pizza, I have a very good excuse to never shower again.”
He laughed. “No, it’s more subtle than that.” When I cocked a brow, he said, “Laundry.”
I huffed. “I smell like dirty gym socks to you?”
“No, the fresh kind. When it’s been hanging in the sun all day, and it’s still warm, and you just want to roll around in it…”
I snorted. “I think that’s your wolf talking.” When he reached over and licked a long line up my arm, I shivered, but pushed him away. “What the hell was that, wolf-boy?”
“Fabric softener and fresh air,” he grinned.
I supposed that made sense. He always smelled like sunshine to me. Maybe that’s why his wolf liked me so much. He could smell that we had something in common. I was smiling as he said, “Only thing is, it’s getting screwed up by your rousing. It’s been really muted the last few days.”
I froze as I remembered the scent shield I’d been secretly taking. I was terrified he’d push more, but he seemed distracted, winding a strand of my hair around his finger. “And what about you? I might be able to scent you, but your feelings are kind of hard to read.”
I licked my lips. I wasn’t secretive by nature, but I was inexperienced. And opening up was a new thing for me. When I didn’t say anything, he brought the coil of hair to his nose and said, “You sometimes seem like you’re missing someone. I believe you about that fucker Barakat, but are you into your foster brother, maybe? Am I just a stand-in for him?”
“Darkness?” I frowned, realizing I hadn’t thought about him for a couple days. “He and I are complicated. It’s just been the two of us a lot of the time. I thought I had feelings for him, but when Driftwood caught us kissing…” I flinched at the memory, but I didn’t see any censure in Jasper’s eyes. I could tell he didn’t like it, but he wasn’t judging me. “His dad was really mad, and it made me think things through. I love Darkness. But it’s the way it should be - like a brother.”
“And me?”
I pulled my hair out of his grasp, so I could kiss him properly. “You’re nobody’s stand-in, Jasper Arras.”
***

The next couple days flew by, with a few classes scattered between other adventures. Jasper told me he got some kind of extension on my orientation, so when we weren’t at the rose cottage, he was showing me around the school. The packball field wasn’t exactly the stadium I was expecting, but he said it wasn’t really a spectator sport. With the trees obscuring play, there wasn’t much to see, and most of the school would be in wolf-form for it. He showed me the pavilion, which was like a little hut with the basics, and he asked if I wanted to stay there for the game. The amount of medical equipment in there made me feel queasy, and I said I’d spend the time with the girls in the rose cottage, getting ready for the dance.
When I told him one of my secret fantasies was making out in the library like girls in the movies, he practically teleported us to a big, old building near the dining hall. We spent two whole periods trying out different alcoves and study cubbies, while the librarians pretended we were invisible. I ended up with sore lips, and a new love for the scent of old paper and furniture polish. The rest of the tour was consumed with repeat trips to the mineral pool in the basement. That was definitely the highlight, especially when Jasper insisted on also repeating each step on our first ever visit. 
There were no classes on the morning of the Hunter Moon Formal. Jasper and I spent a few lazy hours in bed, then went for a swim. He’d organized a picnic lunch by the pool and we reluctantly headed back to the cottage at two. I could tell Jasper was psyched for the packball game, and I felt a bit sick every time I imagined him storming up that hill, a hundred angry wolves on his tail. 
I could feel a new tension around campus, and I was secretly glad we hadn’t been back to the dining hall since I’d returned from the lab. Watching him joke around with his High Table buddies would have made me choke on my food. Especially when the one time we’d crossed paths with Reed and Pearl outside the library, they’d both looked at me like I was smaller than a dust mite. Pearl’s lip had curled, but before either of them had said anything, Jasper had shot a blast of alpha power at them that even I could feel. Pearl had whimpered, but brown hair had sprouted on Reed’s arms, and I was suddenly staring into the eyes of a furious wolf the size of a small mountain. Jasper had got me out of there before things could escalate, but I spent the rest of the night shivering, despite the roaring fire in our room.
The packball game started at four, so we went straight upstairs to change. He had a flimsy uniform of silky shorts and singlet, with the green Arras emblem on the front. His full name – Jasper Calvin Arras – was stenciled between his shoulders and I ran my finger across the lettering. I knew the uniform would be shredded as soon as he shifted, and I was unashamedly ogling him while he pulled it on. “So, after your first shift, you’re all playing in the nude? How is that school appropriate?”
“It can be very educational,” he told me with the wolfish grin I was growing to love. One flash from his silver eyes and my clothes were in danger of disintegrating, too. “Maybe you should come along and be my personal cheerleader.”
“And watch all those pretty females flashing their assets?” I pulled a face and when he laughed, protested, “These green eyes aren’t just for show, wolf-boy.”
He pulled me in and nuzzled my neck, his wolf so close I could almost feel the scrape of his teeth. I didn’t complain, especially when I felt an answering jolt in my chest. Jasper looked down at me, his eyes glazed with silver. “She’s close, baby. I think she’s coming out tonight.”
I shivered. “Is it bad that I’m nervous? I mean, will it hurt?”
“Maybe,” he said, with that honesty I both loved and loathed. “It’s different for every wolf, depending on your age, and the strength of the wolf. Being older usually means it hurts more, but it’s not cracking bones and blood mists like in the movies.”
“Great,” I said, feeling queasy. 
“Also, you’re a stronger human than most. You’ve developed resilience younger wolves don’t have.” He pressed a soft kiss to my lips. It was all the sweeter because I knew his wolf wanted to literally ravish me. “You also have me. And I’ll help you.”
“Okay. Will you be like my Lamaze coach? You know, telling me to breath and squeezing my hand?”
He burst out laughing. “More like your claimed mate.” His thumb circled the scab, which was now little more than a pink bump. “If you want to, I can claim you again after the dance. My wolf is so close, it will probably help yours slide right out.”
I pulled a face a little at the visual. “I guess I never really understood what being claimed meant…”
He winced. “That’s on me. I should have told you first, before I…”
“Pounced?”
“Yeah, I guess that’s one way of putting it. Let’s talk about this after the game. There are a couple hours before the dance, and we can go through it all. If you want to do it, we do it properly.”
“Okay,” I smiled and watched him squeeze his hands, so his claws popped out. The wicked gleam in his eyes made my thighs clench and I pointed a finger at him. “Keep your eyes on the ball, buddy. I don’t want to have to hip-check any grabby bitches on the dancefloor.” 
***

The girls came around just after Jasper left, so we could get ready together. It felt surreal, like I’d stepped into someone else’s life, along with the beautiful black 50’s swing dress and fancy heels I was planning on wearing. Nadia couldn’t stay long as she wanted to catch Colin, her promised mate, before the end of the game. She curled my hair for me with a hot iron that I was sure was going to take off an ear, but instead transformed me into a girl I didn’t recognise. What kind of magic were we dabbling in, that a few curls and some hair spray could make me look like a whole other person? 
The girls laughed at that, before Jasmine approached me with what she called the ultimate mascara wand, and a determined glint in her eye. 
“Are you really okay about going with Felix?” I asked as she told me to look up, down and all around, the tiny implement flashing across my lashes. “I know I forced you into it.”
“Hardly,” she huffed, her own mega-lashes fluttering on her pale cheeks. “He’s a prospective brood mate, so it’s good I get to know him.” She glanced quickly in Nadia’s direction. “I mean, I’m only a freshman, but maybe one day…”
“You’re an alpha’s dream, Jas,” Nadia replied, waving a hand. “Don’t sweat it. You’ll be locked down in no time.”
“Hold on,” I said, pushing the wand away from my twitching eyeball. “What am I missing here? How many kinds of mates are there? So far, I’ve heard claimed, promised and brood… None of which sound all that twenty-first century, by the way.”
The girls exchanged another of those looks that screamed ‘clueless’. Marnie was the one to ask, “How much has Jasper told you about claimed mates?”
“Not much,” I admitted, my throat suddenly tight. “We’re going to talk about it tonight. Maybe… He wants to do it again, if I still want to. After the dance, I think, if things work out.”
Marnie let out a tiny squeak. “That’s huge, Vail. A claiming mark on the Hunter Moon? That’s a real declaration. Not just to others in the school, but to his whole pack. His family.”
I glanced at Nadia in the mirror, catching a look of concern. When I lifted one of my newly plucked and shaped brows, she shook her head. “I’m just a little worried about how fast it’s all going. You’ve only known about the pack a couple weeks, and while I think you’ll make the perfect Luna, this is all new for you. And packs are really political. Nothing is ever just about love when it comes to an alpha heir.”
“Love?” I could barely get the word past the tightness in my throat. Was that what Jasper had been talking about when he said he had feelings for me? I’d told him the same, but did that mean we loved each other? I stared at my pale face in the mirror, stark under Jasmine’s perfect makeup. Nadia was right, of course. Love in a little over a week? That had the staying power of my newly curled hair. By the end of the dance, I’d be back to the old Vail. And where would that leave me? I was already packless. If Jasper realized it was all just some moony infatuation, would I be out in the cold again? At the thought of the moon, my gaze drifted to the patch of sky I could see through the bedroom window. It wasn’t dark yet, but the horizon was streaked with the first pinks of sunset. “I don’t know anything about that. Lunas, I mean. Or love, for that matter.”
Marnie touched my arm, and I clung to the confidence in her brown eyes. “The Luna is the pack alpha’s blood mate. The highest female. The one who helps shape and protect all the wolves in the pack.”
I nodded slowly. “So, a blood mate is like a marriage partner?”
“It’s the strongest level of commitment, reserved only for the pack heir.” 
“And a brood mate?” I asked looking at Jasmine. When she dropped her eyes, I felt something clutch in my chest. “What level is that?”
“The others aren’t so much levels… they mean different things. A claimed mate, like you’ve been with Jasper, is someone a wolf declares as a potential life partner. Like a girlfriend.” I nodded, since that’s how I’d thought of it in my head. “A promised mate, like Nadia and Colin, is usually an arranged relationship. Close families, strong bloodlines.”
“But nothing is forced, Vail,” Nadia rushed to assure me. “I love Colin. We’ve been best friends forever. I wouldn’t choose differently, even if my family had no part in the decision.”
I nodded slowly. None of this was that different to the human world. All relationships were messy, and at least it gave the pack a way to tell who was taken and who was unattached. Something that probably got a bit hazy in a wolf’s mind – especially under a full moon, if the rumors were true. I glanced back again at the window, and was surprised when Jasmine touched my cheek. “You look beautiful, Vail,” she said quietly, and when I looked in the mirror, I felt it. She’d accentuated my eyes and cheekbones, with just a shimmer of gloss on my lips. I looked both grown up beyond my years, and ageless, and a shiver passed down my spine. “You look beautiful, too,” I told Jasmine. “You all do. Those wolves better dance you off your feet.”
The melancholy mood in the room shifted, everyone suddenly rushing to put on their finishing touches. We were just wondering how long the guys would be when the door opened behind us. But instead of four victorious wolves, dripping sweat and whatever else went on in a packball game, Pearl LaRue was grinning at us, her hand on the hip of her fairytale gown. “Just remember the illusion shatters at midnight, Cinderella.”


Chapter Thirty-Three - VAIL


“Just kidding,” she smiled, sashaying into the room. Her minions were nowhere in sight, but the bikini freshman from the Clan Caves was on her four-inch heels. As much as I loved the way we all looked, they took beautiful to a whole new level. Pearl’s dress was skin-tight, the sequins the same red-gold as her hair, and with a slit up the side that showed off her long, slender legs. The bikini freshman was in a strapless white dress that showed off her tan and perfect boobs. “Dana and I have actually come with a peace offering. Her mom sent her a new purse for the dance, but it clashes with her dress.” She held out a little black clutch with a metallic tassel and chain strap. There was a large V on the front that I assumed was the mark of some fancy designer.
“Thanks, but there are plenty of purses in the closet…”
“This is Valentino,” Dana interrupted me. “And it’s customary for the senior female to give a new wolf something special for her first formal dance.”
I didn’t point out it was technically a gift from Dana, not Pearl. “Thanks.” I wasn’t sure how I could say no when it was presented as a peace offering. “But I’ll just borrow it for tonight.” 
 “It’s yours,” Pearl insisted, with another of her big smiles. “You’re one of us, now, and you deserve the nicer things the pack can give you.”
I couldn’t help but raise my brows at that. I’d only seen her two days ago outside the library and she’d been the opposite of welcoming. She’d whimpered as Jasper blasted her with alpha power and I’d assumed that had just made things worse between us. I didn’t trust this new show of solidarity, but maybe Jasper pulling her into line had convinced her to fake it at least. “Thanks.” Picking my other purse off the table, I nodded towards the bathroom. “I’m just going to take care of some monthly dues.”
The girls all groaned in sympathy and I took the two purses into the bathroom. I quickly transferred the compact and lipstick Jasmine had picked out for me, along with the little vial of scent shield. I’d been taking it every night before bed, but I always kept it on me, just in case dad’s message came through and I needed to run. The last thing I transferred was the picture of Darkness. I’d folded it so I couldn’t see Trey, and I smiled as I rubbed a thumb over Darkness’ grinning face. I still loved him, but like I’d told Jasper, it came from a deep well of affection, like I imagined most close siblings felt for each other. Tucking it in the purse, I added a couple Kleenex for blotting purposes – Nadia’s words, not mine – and a panty liner, just in case, then went out to rejoin the girls.
I immediately felt the tension. Bikini freshman – Dana – was looking at Jasmine like a mouse she’d cornered. “No foul on you, Jazzy. Felix and I are cool with sharing. It’s part of being claimed, right? And if Jay decides to blood claw another wolf, Felix will probably be one of the alphas he chooses to share his female…” She glanced up as if she’d just realized I was in the room. “Hey, seems like we’ll all be sharing more than just purses, am I right?”
I walked over to the nightstand, where a jug of iced water and fresh fruit had been set out while we dressed. I poured Jasmine a glass, and she took it with a grateful smile. When she’d had a few sips, I turned to the grinning freshman. “Speak plainly, Dana.” 
“I was just saying she doesn’t need to feel bad about Felix. I’m certainly not clingy and you and he are probably done, now your mark is gone.”
“Me and Felix?” I couldn’t stop the burst of laughter. “I’ve spoken to him twice.”
“But you wore Jay’s claiming mark. If not Felix and Baron, who did he share you with?” It was her turn to giggle. “You do realize a claiming mark is only legit if three alphas all agree to it?” She leaned in and smirked at me. “That’s what I meant by sharing. The more the merrier, in my opinion.”
Nadia made a pained sound in the back of her throat, while I walked back over to the jug and poured myself a glass of water, too. Sharing? Was that why the girls hadn’t said much about a claimed mate? Did it really mean Jasper intended to pass me around to his friends? 
“It’s not always sexual, Vail,” Marnie said quietly, her arm coming around my waist. “Sometimes it’s just a friendship bond.”
“Friendship?” Dana laughed. “Good luck trying that with an alpha heir. The old wolves will demand it’s done the right way.” She shot my wrist a look that was both hungry and spiteful. “Guess you’re lucky you went to that lab, after all.”
Shocked silence followed her callous remark, before Pearl jumped to her feet. “That’s enough, Dana! Vail isn’t like us. She wasn’t raised to our traditions, so this will all seem strange to her. And there’s nothing lucky about being sent to the labs.” She turned her back on the contrite-looking freshman, and there was a flash of real pain in her eyes for a moment. “Look, I really did come here to make amends. I even organized some champagne. It’s down in the kitchen. How about Dana and I bring up a tray and we have a toast before the males get here?” 
I glanced at the other girls, but their expressions were guarded. They didn’t call her out as a liar, but I figured even if they could smell it on her, they probably wouldn’t say it to her face. Nadia and Jasmine were omegas, and Marnie wasn’t just a dud, but from another pack. Maybe we needed to confab without them in the room.
“That sounds great, Pearl.” She looked surprised at my easy agreement, but swung to her feet, and with Dana in tow, left the room. Nadia immediately held a finger to her lips and we all tip-toed into the closet. “Is she lying?” I asked as soon as the door was closed behind us.
“No, strangely enough,” Nadia said. “She really seems to want to be here.”
“She has to be up to something, though,” Marnie said, looking concerned. “You probably haven’t seen how she treats Vail, but it’s rough,” she told the other girls. “She’s not going to just change her stripes.”
“Don’t worry,” I told her. “I’m fully aware what a catty bitch she is, even if she looks like an Academy Award statue in that dress.” We all sniggered a bit, and I ran my hands nervously down my sides, then looked apologetically at Jasmine. “Sorry about the mess with Felix. I promise you; I never did anything with him.”
“You think we don’t know that?” She looked affronted on my behalf. “You smell good, Vail. You’d never hurt someone if you could help it.” Her delicate brow furrowed. “And if Felix really is into that witch stick, I’m questioning his taste, anyway.”
Marnie gripped my hand. “Let’s call her what she is – a raging bitch. I’m just sorry you found out about the claiming like that, Vail. Honestly, it’s different these days. Friendship bonds work just as well.”
I took a deep breath. “I’ve got some things to discuss with Jasper, obviously. But I trust him. I’m not going to let myself get spooked by those she-devils.”
With a group hug for solidarity, we all traipsed out of the closet to find Pearl and Dana drinking champagne and making eyes at three muddy, grim-looking guys.
“What happened?” I gasped as I looked them over. They were all shirtless and in sweatpants, and I though forlornly of that silky singlet with Jasper’s name across the back. “Are any of you hurt?”
“We’re better off than the other guys,” Baron said quickly, while Jasper made a growly sound. When he didn’t add anything, Felix leaped into the silence, pointing to Dana’s champagne glass. “Got one of those for me?” Dana quickly filled extra glasses and handed them around, then wedged herself back at Felix’s side. Jasper knocked his drink back in a single gulp, and I blinked. “I take it you won, then?”
His gaze suddenly locked on me, and I saw it was silver, all the way through, and there was extra scruff on his chin. Before I could stop myself, I took a small step backwards. 
“How about we head downstairs?” Baron suggested when the silence grew to choking point. “Felix and I need to wash up and Jay needs…” His voice trailed off, then he shrugged. “We should leave them to it.”
As the others headed towards the door, Felix asked with a quick grin in my direction, “You want a chaperone, boss?” 
“Get out,” Jasper replied, and I saw the glint of pointed teeth behind his lips. Marnie looked at me from the doorway, but I gave a subtle shake of my head. Wolfed-out Jasper was actually better than grim, silent Jasper. I knew I had nothing to worry about, but as soon as we were alone, I took a quick sip of champagne just for luck. Jasper was already stalking towards me. “You look like my favorite things, Vail Chance.”
“Oh?” 
“Midnight dress and eyes like the wildest forest. And your skin…” He stopped in front of me, starting at my toes in the strappy heels and working up over my hips and breasts, to pause on my collarbones, stark in the halter dress. “You look like a moonbeam. And my wolf wants to take you between his teeth and drag you down out of the sky.”
“I’m right here, Jasper,” I said a little shakily. 
“Dana let slip you were in the closet because of the claiming thing,” he said in a gravelly voice. “I won’t share you Vail, just if you were in any doubt.”
Despite my trust in him, something unclenched at his words. “We can talk about it later…”
“We will. And as much as I want to throw you on that mountain of dresses and kiss you breathless, I need to get changed.” He ran a hand over his sweat and mud-splattered chest and I gulped a little. “Because right now, I want to dance with my mate.”
***

I waited downstairs with the others while the guys showered and dressed. After our three hours on hair and makeup, it was a bit demoralizing how quickly they were back, looking like old-time film stars in their matching black suits. Nadia had gone to meet Colin, but the rest of us gaped as they knocked back another glass of champagne each. “What?” they asked simultaneously, when they caught us staring. 
“We were just thinking James Bond doesn’t have a thing on you three,” Pearl said in her throaty way and they laughed. I was kicking myself for not thinking of that myself, but when Jasper walked over and held out his arm for me to take, I let the competitive spark fizzle out. Pearl had had seventeen years to win Jasper’s interest, but tonight he was going to the Hunter Moon Formal with me. 
The other guys avoided any awkwardness by extended elbows to two girls each. Marnie rolled her eyes a little to have Pearl on Baron’s other arm, but I didn’t think she really cared. Jasmine was harder to read, especially since Felix was looking at Dana like he’d won the date lottery. I promised myself I’d check on her as soon as I could, and then we were out under the Hunter Moon. 
Jasper tossed his head back, his gaze locked on the enormous glowing orb. I could feel the tension in his body, and what I thought was a subtle vibration. I didn’t know if my own damp palms and swirly stomach was the moon’s pull, or a reaction to the night’s promise. I hadn’t heard anything further from Mr. Wentworth, so was assuming I’d misread the cryptic note. While I was disappointed I wouldn’t be seeing my dad, I wanted to enjoy the night. It was my first dance – my first real date – and while everything was heightened by the Hunter Moon, I was still just a girl on the arm of the guy who made her heart beat faster.
My pulse raced for a different reason when I realized where we were headed. It was stupid. Of course, the dance was being held in the gym. My feet tripped a little in the heels and Jasper looked at me with concern. Marnie was on my other side and she gave me a sympathetic nod, no doubt remembering what a sweaty, musk-free mess I’d been the last time I was in the gym. It was because I’d failed here, I’d ended up being sent to the lab, and despite the cool night air, I felt a trickle of sweat dance down my spine.
Pushing the negative thoughts away, we headed into the dance. I was relieved to see it looked nothing like the torture track I’d last slogged around. Muted lighting bathed the silk-covered walls in soft metallics and the roof had been transformed into a night sky. Stars gleamed and twisted over our heads, and a huge moon beamed down at us, complete with a very wolfish grin. It was tacky and beautiful at the same time, and I grinned, right up to the moment Pearl sashayed over to us, her hand out to Jasper.
“Senior wolves always open the dance,” she told me with a smile, and I saw Baron and Felix partnering up with two of her minions. 
“Oh, right.” I pulled my hand from Jasper’s elbow, but he grabbed my fingers. “Do we really need to do this?” he asked, sounding irritated.  
Pearl huffed, but her bottom lip looked on the verge of trembling. I wanted to roll my eyes – the alpha female was about as delicate as a cactus – but I wasn’t about to let her make a scene because the packless wolf wasn’t following the rules. 
“Go ahead,” I told Jasper. “Gives me a chance to ogle you from a safe distance.”
“Safe and distant are mutually exclusive,” Jasper all but growled at me.
“You can ogle me, Chance!” Felix called, as he danced past. I ignored his scowling dance partner, and waved him off, while I joined the other girls. Jasper didn’t look appeased, but allowed Pearl to drag him onto the floor. 
“That blows,” Marnie said, giving Reed an eye roll as he danced past with Pink Tips wrapped around him. “Pearl’s probably been plotting that all night.”
I shrugged, trying to look at them objectively. Pearl was every bit the alpha female, tall and strong, with a svelteness I envied, and killer dance moves. She was everything I imagined an alpha’s heir should have been interested in, but despite the way she was moving in his arms, Jasper’s attention stayed fixed on me, his eyes metallic under the dance lights. 
“Looks like it was a wasted effort,” Jasmine murmured with a smug smile. “No one outshines our Luna.”
I nudged her in the ribs. The whole claiming and mating business was a reality I didn’t want intruding on the night. Especially when my stomach was starting to clench, low down in my belly. “Argh,” I muttered, “I think my period is about to take the sparkle off the night.”
The other girls looked at me sympathetically, although there was a bit of excitement in Jasmine’s eyes. “It can be a good thing, Vail. Not the pain, but a heavy flow on a full moon means your wolf is close.” She clapped her hands. “This is so exciting.” 
I smirked; no one had ever called my period exciting before. “Well, I’ll be sure to thank her when she decides to show her furry face.” They both laughed as I headed towards the bathroom. I felt better once I was in the quiet, and could splash water on my wrists and the back of my neck. I was still careful not to mess up my hair or makeup – a little discomfort was not going to ruin the night. But when I found no evidence of my period, I stared at the little bottle of scent shield. There seemed to be a lot more gone than I remembered. Maybe I’d taken too much last night? When another cramp pressed down on my belly, I bit back a moan. Had it mixed badly with the glass of champagne and upset my stomach? Or maybe it worked differently under a full moon and instead of shielding my scent, it was irritating my wolf? 
I decided I’d play it safe and hunt down a Tums. But as I left the bathroom, I walked straight into Reed Marshall. In fact, it seemed almost like he’d been waiting for me. 


Chapter Thirty-Four - JASPER


Pearl was deliberately trying to block me from watching Vail as we moved around the dancefloor, but she would have had more luck summoning an eclipse tonight. My wolf was fixed on Vail like she was the last female on the planet, and it was taking everything in me to stop his claws biting into Pearl’s clingy arms. 
“Thanks for the dance,” I told her as soon as the music merged into the next song. But she was waiting for it, and she dug her own claws in. “This doesn’t end now, Jay. I know you think she’s what you want, but you’re missing the goddamn warning signs flashing all around you. Vail Chance is a nobody, whose own father turned feral. You have got to break her hold over you.”
I narrowed my eyes at her and she had the sense to pull her claws from my skin. “What do you know about her dad?”
“Same as everyone,” she shrugged. “Kicked out of his pack and went feral in the Horn. Probably killed himself, like most of the cursed.”
I nodded. At least the rumor about her being a void hadn’t spread yet. But when I saw Vail leave the bathroom and walk straight into Reed, any goodwill I felt towards his discretion disappeared in a wave of rage. As her face paled and her hands shook, I didn’t need my alpha senses to know he was saying something shitty to her.
Leaving Pearl in the middle of the dancefloor, I stormed over to them. Vail saw me coming – and Reed no doubt scented me – but they continued their conversation. Vail even arched her eyebrow, and held out her hand, drawing me in to her side. I could feel her fingers digging into my arm, and my wolf liked that a whole lot more than Pearl’s grasping claws. “Reed was just asking about my experience at the pack lab. He’s interested in my results. I told him they were inconclusive, but he didn’t seem to believe me.” The look she gave him was almost better than a slap to the face. Almost. “I told him maybe my wolf isn’t much, but she’s all yours.” 
When she looked up into my face, I wanted nothing more than to meet those green eyes, but I was transfixed by Reed’s scent. Pain, envy and guilt all seemed to hang around him like a fog. Envy I got, but pain and guilt? My wolf crouched low inside me, already on the hunt for whatever he was hiding.  
But Vail’s declaration was all the human part of me cared about, and I lifted her hand, kissing the pink scar on her wrist. “More than I ever hoped for, and twice what any of us assholes deserve,” I murmured, my eyes narrowing as Reed’s scent sharpened. But just when a strange scent tickled my wolf’s nose, his gaze blanked, and he shook his head at me. “You’re making it harder on her, Jay. This won’t end well.” 
“I’ve told you more than once, Reed. Back off.” I could feel my teeth sharpening against my lip, that familiar savage ache growing in my gums. I’d thought I’d worked through my demons – and his – on the packball field, but some guys were slow learners. “Unless you want a cracked skull like Callum.”
Vail looked at me in shock. “You broke Callum Sawyer’s skull? How crazy was that packball game?”
“Not crazy enough,” I muttered, and turned my back on Reed. I could feel him fuming behind us, but I didn’t care. Every fucker seemed determined to ruin this night for us, and I wasn’t going to let it happen. 
“Can we get some fresh air?” Vail asked suddenly, and I realized how pale she was under her makeup. I pulled her in close, searching the shadows in her green eyes. “Are you okay? If that fucker has upset you…”
“No, I don’t care about him.” She bit her lip, but I didn’t smell a lie. “I just need a moment alone with you.”
Exactly what my wolf and I wanted, so I steered her towards a side door. This was the part of the school closest to the tree line, and we had an uninterrupted view of the moon. Past formals had always ended with a pack run in those woods, but I didn’t feel the slightest inclination tonight. In an hour, once Vail got her fill of spinning round the dancefloor, I’d take her back to our room. Then I’d show her exactly what I thought of her handing her wolf over to me like it wasn’t the best goddamn gift in the world. 
She was still a little pale, and as I led her slowly to the edge of the drive, she stumbled slightly. When she grabbed my arm, I winced at her tight grip, and she instantly looked contrite. “I’m sorry! Were you hurt in the game, too?”
“No, it’s not packball.” I blew out a breath as I slipped out of my suit jacket. Thumbing open the cuff of my shirt, I rolled back the sleeve. I’m not sure what she was expecting, because she gaped at the tattoo on my forearm, still a little shiny and red around the edges. After the game, I’d had Baron ink a gold wolf standing in profile, with his head turned to look down at a smaller dark wolf. They were leaning into each other, a massive full moon behind them. And the dark wolf, naturally, had forest green eyes. “It’s why I was late.” Other than breaking the thick heads of slow learning alphas… “Baron’s actually a shit-hot artist. We were drawing out ideas for this the other night when you came into the den. Just in case you were wondering why we were acting so squirrelly.” She smirked, and I knew she remembered me shoving the notebook under the sofa cushions.
“It’s so beautiful, Jasper.” She bent closer to study my arm, her silky curls tickling my skin. “But what about wolves not liking tattoos?”
“It’s not a case of liking. We just don’t usually bother, because shifting makes them fade. But I’m just going to keep getting this one topped up.” I cupped her face, which glowed in the moonlight. “It’s staying, Vail. You just gave her to me, in front of another alpha male, so she’s mine now.”
“I did, didn’t I?” She smiled and leaned into me, but seemed unable to tear her eyes away from the tattoo. Even as fixated as she was, I could sense something was still upsetting her. I opened my mouth to ask, but she just pulled my head down and pressed a soft kiss to my lips. “I’m staying, too, in case you were wondering.”
For a wolf not given to kissing, it was becoming my new favorite pastime. It was why I was so distracted I didn’t see the car until it was nearly on top of us. It was moving slowly, the headlights dimmed, but I recognized it immediately. 
“Fuck,” I muttered, pulling Vail in behind me. She made a gasping sound, but I just plastered her to my back, and watched as the rear window rolled down. An older, harder version of myself stared out, wearing a suit as dark and formal as my own. Flat gray eyes took us in with no effort to hide their sneer. “Get in the car, Jasper,” my dad barked.
“We’re in the middle of the Hunter Moon Formal,” I replied, sensing our enforcer, Liam, behind the wheel. “I’ll come to the house tomorrow.”
“It’s not an invitation,” my dad snarled. “Move your ass.”
I could feel Vail shaking behind me. “I can’t. I have a date. I’m not leaving her here.”
My dad’s face tightened. He was the hardest wolf I’d ever met, ruthless to his core, but I’d never seen the threat in his eyes directed my way before. “If I have to get out of this car, neither of you are going to like it.”
“Maybe you should go, Jasper,” Vail said quietly at my back. “I can stay with the girls.” 
My father didn’t even look at her, flicking a hand at Liam. A moment later the enforcer was out of the car and headed towards us. “Liam will take her back to her dorm,” my dad said. “You can drive us. It will give you something to think about other than the stupid cock in your pants.”
Vail flinched, and I felt my wolf drop into his hunting pose, his teeth pushing through my gums. It might have been his alpha issuing orders, but there was no way he was leaving Vail tonight. As if sensing my wolf’s resistance, my dad pumped a dose of alpha power my way. It slammed into me like a freight train and Vail moaned as my body absorbed the impact. “In the car, Jasper. Now.”
I gritted my teeth, trying to resist, but my feet took a slow step forward. Vail came with me, her hands rubbing soothing circles on my back. Her own body was shaking, and I didn’t know if it was from my dad, or the shock of the situation, or if she was sick. I wanted to turn and comfort her, but my dad pumped another wave and I hissed. A grinding sound came from deep in my chest, my wolf thrashing under his restraints.  For a second Vail pressed her hand to my spine, then took a deliberate step away from me. When she ducked her head and stared at her feet, my gut lurched. 
“It’s okay. We can talk later,” she said, and my dad gave an angry grunt.
“You try to contact my son again, and you won’t just be packless. You’ll be homeless.”
Instead of cowering, Vail lifted her chin, her eyes narrowing on the most powerful Alpha on the continent. “What did you say?”
“That shithole in the mountains your father left you in? I’ll see it turned into sawdust before nightfall.”
Vail just lifted one of those silky brows of hers. “I’d like to see you try, Mr. Arras. The Horn isn’t a place for pretty wolves in fancy suits.”
I couldn’t bite back my laugh. In fact, I howled. Hair popped along my arms, fighting my dad’s leash, and for a moment I thought he was going to let us go. But as Liam moved towards Vail, my dad was out of the car so fast, he was a blur. Which meant I didn’t really see the blow to my jaw, but I sure as shit felt it. And the fucker could punch. All alphas had strength, but my dad’s blows were always laced with titanium-level rage. Fuck knows how he hadn’t gone feral years ago. 
While I tried to pick my face up out of the gravel, he growled at Liam, “Take the void away.”
Vail was spitting and cursing behind me, and I tried to spin towards her, but my dad grabbed me by the scruff. We were a similar height, but he was huskier, and he had an extra forty years of Alpha menace on his side. Still, my wolf had managed to punch out the tips of his claws, and I got a good sample of his thousand-dollar shirt under my nails. When blood welled up through the tattered remains, I grinned in his furious face. “Don’t push me too hard, old man. I’m not the pup I once was.”
“Goddamnit!” My dad threw his forearm around my neck and I saw Liam glance at him in concern. It was the opening Vail was looking for, and she kicked our enforcer hard in the balls with her pretty tangerine toes. He went down like a week-old carcass, and my wolf howled again. “Liam,” my dad roared, “what the fuck are you doing?” 
“It’s okay, Alpha,” a feminine voice called from the side door. “I’ll make sure Vail gets back to the dorm.”
I turned to see Pearl holding Vail’s arm. I couldn’t tell what the bitch had done to her, but Vail was leaning forward and clutching her stomach. “Don’t you fucking touch her, Pearl!”
“Now that’s a good female,” my dad told me through gritted teeth as he shoved me into the back seat. I instantly reached for the door handle, but stopped as he called through the window, “Pearl, honey, you snap that little void’s neck if she gives you any trouble.”
“Will do, Alpha!” Pearl sang back, and I instantly stopped struggling. Liam shot me a warning look as he got in the driver’s seat, but all the fight had drained out of me. As my wolf retreated, his gaze still locked on Vail’s bent form, my pain receptors flared back to life. I bit back a groan, and rubbing my jaw, glared at my father. “Not even you would do that.”
“You’d be surprised what I’d do to keep you away from that girl,” he replied, and plucking at his ruined shirt, shook his head at me. I’d seen plenty of cruel and disapproving looks on his hard face before, but it was the first time he’d looked at me like I didn’t belong. 
Fuck him. As Liam turned the car and the headlights swept over Vail, my wolf and I were in perfect agreement as to our next move. Get away from my dad, and protect Vail. At any cost. 



Chapter Thirty-Five - VAIL


“You hear that, you dumb dud?” Pearl asked as I bent over and retched on the grass. “The Arras Pack Alpha just declared open season on your worthless ass.”
“Fuck off, Pearl,” I muttered, while a second wave of nausea tipped me forward onto my knees. But before I could go down, Pearl’s arm tightened around my back, her iron fingers keeping me mostly on my feet.
“Don’t be keeling over now. Jay’s wolf is likely to lose it, and then his dad will have to hurt him worse.”
It was the right thing to say to keep me on my feet. As the car’s headlights flashed across us, I lifted my head enough to see Jasper’s grim face staring at me through the window. The blow to his jaw was already swelling, and my heart ached to think it was because of me. 
“There now,” Pearl said with a wide smile as the car disappeared down the drive. “Was that so very hard?”
I ignored her mocking tone. She’d stopped clutching my waist and I was able to sink to the ground. Damp grass prickled my legs, and I knew I was ruining the beautiful dress, but I couldn’t find the willpower to care. The nausea in my belly was spreading outward, waves of painful heat radiating to my fingers and toes. Pearl stared down at me for a moment, then turned on her heel. “Don’t go anywhere now,” she sang. “I’ll be back in no time with some help.”
I spat something about hoping she’d trip in her heels and die, but I had a bad feeling the only thing she’d be falling over was my dead body. The pain was everywhere, and my head was throbbing hard enough to split my skull. Ripples of heat, followed by waves of ice, tortured my limbs, and I had to clench my jaw to stop my teeth chattering out of their gums. 
“Damn, Vail, are you alright?” Baron fell to his knees at my side. His concerned face slid in and out of focus and I could feel tears leaking into my hair. When he tried to brush it off my sticky cheeks, he jerked back. “Shit, she’s burning up. We need to get one of the teachers.”
“And get her kicked out of school?” Pearl demanded. “She’s clearly on something, and having a nasty trip.”
Baron peered down into my face, Felix a fuzzy shadow at his back. “Is that it, Vail? Did you take something?”
I groaned, thinking of the scent shield in my purse. I’d definitely taken too much, but I couldn’t imagine it causing this amount of pain. Every other time I’d had a dose, the only thing I’d felt was a slight tingling on my tongue. But what else could it be? “I think so,” I whispered through my clenched teeth, and Baron and Felix both groaned.
“Jay will skin our furry asses if we let anything happen to you,” Felix huffed, then looked up at Pearl. “You’re serious his dad called him away?”
“Urgent pack business,” Pearl said. “Why don’t you take her back to the safe house, and I’ll get her friends?”
“Good idea.” Baron picked me up, flinching again at the contact with my skin. “Her front side is too hot to touch and her back is freezing. We need to get her out of here, like now!”
I caught sight of Pearl watching me over Baron’s shoulder, but then he and Felix were jogging back to the rose cottage. Every step jarred my spine, and made the moon lurch around sickeningly, but there was something comforting about being held in Baron’s arms. He had some of Jasper’s scent on his skin, and I thought of the tattoo he’d inked on Jasper’s arm. “Thank you for my wolf,” I whispered.
“Oh, he showed you, hey?” A flash of pride peeked through his concern. “That wolf is moon sick over you, Vail Chance.”
 I wanted to smile, but as if his words had summoned her, the moon came through a cloudbank and her touch burned worse than a July sun. When I started to writhe, Baron cursed, and snapped at Felix. “Run ahead and open the gate. And get a tepid bath going, just in case.”
“What the fuck is tepid?” Felix groused, but he was gone in a flash of dark fur, and I realized he’d shifted. Baron’s arms vibrated in response, and I knew his wolf was close. I wanted to apologize, but the moonlight had turned liquid, dripping from the sky in long, languid streaks of silver. The building nearest us began to swirl like a straw circling a chocolate shake, and I closed my eyes tight. “Seeing weird things, Baron.”
“No problem,” he huffed, but put on an extra burst of speed. “You probably just entered the hallucinogenic phase of your trip. Buckle your seat belt, Vail.”
I groaned, but branches were scraping my legs, and then we were inside the security gate. Felix called to us from upstairs and Baron took them two at a time. I whimpered as he burst into the room with the overflowing closet. Moonlight flooded the big bay window, and I tried to twist away from it, but he was too focused getting me onto the bed. The discarded dresses flew across the room as Felix tore back the covers, and I almost screamed when the cold sheet touched my icy back. Baron pressed his hand to my forehead. “You’re way too hot, Vail. We need to cool you down. You think you could take a bath?”
I was already shaking my throbbing head, my teeth chattering in shock. “T-too c-cold.”
Felix groaned and disappeared into the bathroom. When he came back, he had a wet cloth in his hand. “Try this,” he said, thrusting it at Baron. He took it and brushed it gently over my forehead. The cool cloth instantly eased my headache and I tried to nod through my tears. “Good,” I panted. “Thirsty.”
“Stupid,” Felix muttered, then grabbed the iced water off the nightstand. Pouring a glass, he tried to hand it to Baron, who growled at him. “Give it to her yourself. Then go gets some pants on.”
I blinked, realizing Felix must have shredded his suit with his shift. I felt a moment of regret for those three beautiful boys in their perfect old-time suits, but the thought faded as a wave of heat swept through my body. I felt it clench all along my spine, before curling up between my legs. When my gaze settled on Felix’s naked chest, I groaned.
He froze, the water jug angled to preserve his modesty. “What’s she looking at, Baron?”
“Oh, fuck,” he murmured. “I think the drug’s triggering her wolf.”
“Now?” Felix shrieked. “But Jay’s not here! What the hell are we supposed to do?”
“We look after her,” Baron snapped. Felix must have pulled a face, because he added, “Not like that! We get her temperature down and call Jay. His dad will have to let him come back.” He turned and looked down at me. “What’s worse, Vail? The heat or the cold?”
“Too hot,” I moaned, my legs churning to get free of my dress. Even the fragile silk felt like molten wax, and I groaned as Felix dribbled a little of the cold water in my mouth. When I could unglue my swollen tongue, I looked pleadingly at Baron. “Can you take off my dress? It hurts too much.”
“Aw, shit,” Felix muttered, but a claw had already appeared on Baron’s hand, and he quickly shredded it from halter to hem. As soon as the fabric was off me, I began tearing at my underwear. Felix was shaking his head. “She’s getting naked, Baron!”
“Her wolf is probably feeling trapped.” Baron stood and poured some of the water from the jug onto the cloth. My gaze immediately went to Felix’s groin and my limbs moved restlessly on the bed, stretching and curling around a growing ache. He snatched a blanket off the floor and slung it round his hips. “I don’t think that’s her wolf, Baron.”
“It’s the drug. Keep your mind on the job, and your dick away from her.”
“You think I want Jay to razor off my balls?” Felix took a rapid step away, then cocked his head. Silver glinted in his eyes. “Fuck me, but she smells good.”
“Plug your nose!” Baron glared at him, his movements jerky as he pressed the cold cloth into my hand. I’d got my left bra cup off, but was still pulling at the right. He looked away, his face flushed. “Cool yourself off, Vail. Felix and I are going to call Jay for you.”
My jaw was so tight it felt like my teeth were fused together, but the rest of my body was loose and warm. All I wanted to do was wrap it around Jasper’s boys. “Lie next to me. I need to feel your skin.”
“Jay will be here soon.” Baron’s voice sounded strangled. “He’ll look after you, Vail.”
Felix hitched the blanket and shuffled to the window as if he could summon Jay by looking. As he jerked the drape wide for a better view, moonlight streamed across me and I howled, “Stop the moon!” 
“We can’t, Vail. But we’ll stay with you. We’ll help you through-” Baron’s words cut off abruptly. He tilted his head, then froze, staring at me like he’d never seen me before.
“Baron?” Felix was clutching both the drapes and the blanket at his waist. “What the hell?”
Baron disappeared in a shimmer of light, a large brown wolf standing in his place, his silver eyes riveted on me. When he lifted his snout and howled, something inside me uncurled. It was reaching for him, this elusive part deep inside me. It was urging him to approach, just as I’d begged his human form to lie at my side. When he stepped towards me, the harsh moonlight melted away, to be replaced by whisps of sunshiny scent. Contentment replaced that deep, restless ache, and I silently urged him on. I was so transfixed by his fur, his muzzle, the muscles brunching along his back, I almost missed Felix’s transformation as he rushed towards his friend.
The two wolves met in the middle of the discarded dresses. Snarls erupted as they launched themselves at each other, bones crashing together with a monstrous thud. My contented feeling was instantly replaced by shock. They were so similar in size and coloring I couldn’t tell them apart. It was just a blur of snapping teeth and tearing claws. The dresses beneath them were shredded in moments, silk and tulle tossed into the air. I thought fleetingly of the girls, of the happy time we’d spent together only hours before, and then one of the wolves howled and slammed the other against the wall. It whimpered, dazed, and the victorious wolf leaped onto the bed beside me.
My stomach clenched, and this time it wasn’t from nausea or lust, but from skin-crawling fear. There was blood smeared on his teeth, and his fur was standing on end. The front of his muzzle was drawn back in ripples and his dark eyes moved over me slowly, as if searching out my soft places. 
“No Baron,” I whispered, just as he leaned forward and set his teeth to my throat.
The door slammed on its hinge, and the wolf standing over me snarled, even while the other clawed at its hind legs. But the beast that flew into the room had them both turning in a whirl of snarling teeth.  Sleek and golden, it didn’t make a sound as it leaped between the wolves. They lashed out, one to the head, the other to its legs, but the gold wolf danced through them. Effortless. Deadly. Blood claws extended, it slammed its massive paws on their heads, and forced their muzzles to the floor. 
Jasper instantly shifted to his human form. His ice-blue gaze was sheened with gold as he ground his friends’ wolves into the carpet. “Change back now!” The power in his voice made the Arras wolves thrash like they’d bitten down on electrical wire. “Change, or be put down!”
Baron and Felix trembled, a helpless whine leaking from their muzzles, before they both gave a mournful howl. Unable to resist the alpha command any longer, they shuddered back into their human forms. Lying still under Jasper’s blood claw, Baron finally gasped, “We couldn’t help it. We couldn’t stop, Jay!”
Felix groaned, then began inching across the floor towards me. “Can’t you smell it? I’ve got to have a taste…”
Jasper brought his fist down against the side of Felix’s head, knocking him out. Baron cursed, but his eyes were fixed on me, and the longing and disgust in his gaze made me clutch a pillow to my body. Jasper grabbed his friend by the throat, shaking him hard enough to rattle his spine. “What the hell were you thinking, Baron? I told you she was different. Why would you try to force her?” 
“He didn’t,” I whispered. “It was the moon…”
Their heads whipped towards me, and though Baron’s gaze still burned, it was Jasper’s distraught face that scorched my soul. The bruising was gone from his jaw, but the look in his eyes was far more devastated. “No alpha acts like that just because of the moon!” he hissed into the stricken face of his friend.
“Wait!” I jumped in fright as Pearl flung herself into the room, her eyes going straight to my huddled form on the bed. Something flickered – Disappointment? Amusement? – and then she was approaching Jasper with a pleading look. Some bitter part of me noticed her hair was perfect, her lips freshly glossed, even as she clutched her chest as if she’d just run across campus. Fierce protectiveness shone in her eyes as she stopped a foot from Jasper, her hands raised in a soothing gesture. “Please, Jay. It’s not their fault. They were just her victims.”
  “Stop it, Pearl!” Jasper commanded. “I’m sick of your games!”
“It’s not a game,” she protested, holding up a small black clutch. It took me a moment to focus on the V embellishment, to remember it was the purse she’d loaned me for the dance. “When she said she’d dosed herself with something, I looked in her purse.” She pulled the scent shield vial out and held it up. “This is what she used.”
Jasper had gone still, but his hand remained at Baron’s throat. “What is it?”
“Ignis lupa. Wolf Fire.” Pearl tossed the purse on the bed and stared down at me like I was a smear on the sheet. “She’s been drugging herself to make you all fight over her. Probably to hide the fact she’s a dirty, little void.”
“No,” I whimpered, trying to lift my head. “It wasn’t that. I don’t know what that is…” But there was no certainty in my voice, and they all heard it. I didn’t care about Pearl’s gloating look, or the hatred emanating from Baron and Felix. It was the heartbreak, raw and unfiltered, that kept me locked on Jasper’s gold-tinged eyes. 
“You bitch!” Felix had come out of his stupor and now lunged for me, but Jasper froze him with a glare, forcing him back to the floor. Felix choked as if he was being strangled, but he managed to yell, “You goddamn cheat! You nearly got us fucking killed!” 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I didn’t know it could do that…”
“You’re a dirty, stinking liar, Vail Chance,” Pearl said, putting an arm around Felix. “What other secrets are you hiding?”
I just shook my head, too distraught to speak. Jasper was still staring at me, and Baron gently pushed his hand away. Dragging himself over to the bed, he pulled my purse onto the floor. He barely had the strength to force the delicate clasp, before dumping the contents in front of him on the carpet. The lipstick Jasmine had chosen for me bounced under the bed, but Baron pawed through the other things, before passing Jasper something.
Jasper studied it for a long moment, then turned the picture my way. “Why is this in your purse, Vail?”
Trey Barakat’s face smiled down at me, a wild glint in his eye. “I folded it to hide him!” I protested. “It’s a picture of my brother, Darkness…”
But when he tossed the picture at me, I saw it had been carefully torn in two. No Darkness, or his other friends. Just Trey Fucking Barakat staring at me, like he wanted to eat up the whole world. I scrunched it in my fist. “It’s not what it looks like.”
Jasper just stared at me, his face blank but for those glowing gold eyes. When knuckles rapped on the door, the pack enforcer stepped into the room. He took us in at a glance, and when he looked at me, I lifted my chin. I might have been half-naked, but he wasn’t going to forget me kicking him in the balls anytime soon.
“Alpha,” he said, moving to Jasper’s side. “The lab report just came back. She’s not a void.”
Jasper’s expression didn’t change. “I knew that.”
“Well, it says she’s an omega. And her bloodline isn’t the same as her father’s. Seems she’s a descendent of Jonathan Marrow.”
“You’re shitting me,” Pearl hissed, but her face was lit up like it was the best thing she’d ever heard. “The Skin King?”
Liam flicked her a hard look, but turned back to Jasper. “Another thing. There’s an omega downstairs. He’s insisting on coming up. Says he’s the most senior omega on campus.” He pulled a face. “He’s also claiming a blood bond.”
“Through Marrow?”
Liam nodded. “It’s Jeremiah Wentworth. Seems his mother was a Marrow wolf.”


Chapter Thirty-Six - JASPER


The Math teacher came into the room like he was entering a cage of hungry tigers. He grimaced as he took in my gold-tinged gaze, clearly recognizing it for what it was. They all knew what the change to my eyes meant – except for the wolf I’d done it for. But there was nothing new in that. Vail Chance – no, Vail Marrow – was either the most clueless wolf to ever be whelped, or she was a master manipulator, working to bring my pack to ruin.
Just like the Skin King, a little voice whispered.
But I’d had enough of voices pulling my strings. My wolf had retreated as soon as I’d dragged my blood claw out of my father, claiming the Arras Pack as my own. I’d sensed satisfaction from him, and pride, but mostly just that obsessive drive to get back to our mate and protect her. He’d lent me the strength I’d needed to walk out of the challenge circle with my chin up, my father’s cronies bowing their heads in grudging acknowledgement. Liam had immediately fallen into step beside me, reinforcing my claim. He’d also leant me his arm as I stumbled, but by then we were out of the way of prying eyes and headed back to the car.
I’d healed as he drove, faster than was wise on the twisting, black roads. But he knew I hadn’t taken the pack from my father because of politics or greed. He’d heard me, where my father remained deaf. Vail Chance was my match, the only wolf who’d ever stand at my side as the pack’s Luna. Claims that had made my father froth at the mouth, when he wasn’t spitting curses in my direction. Somehow it had spiraled, my father telling me he’d destroy her before he’d let her lead his pack. I hadn’t believed him. He was hard and cruel, but he wasn’t evil. He’d looked me in the eye and given me that elusive piece of the puzzle I’d been missing – he was the Alpha who ordered Vail to the pack lab to be broken.
It had been all my wolf needed, that moment when instinct met cold logic, and I’d made the challenge. Even when my father fell under my claw, he was insisting he’d done the right thing. That she’d be my ruin. 
The irony made my guts churn. But my new alpha power kept it hidden, so that the omega looked at me like I was his worst nightmare come to life. Baron and Felix had both found clothes and were standing against the far wall, their arms folded. Their hatred for Vail was coming off them in waves, but I didn’t tell them to pull their heads in. My first act as the Arras Pack Alpha was very nearly putting them both under my claw, and I clenched my fists as regret burned down my spine. Vail’s betrayal – if that’s what this was – had nearly cost me my two best friends. The fact she’d shredded my heart in the process had to be pushed to the side. At least until I’d cleaned up this mess.
Liam stepped into the path of the omega as soon as he crossed the threshold. “I’m here for Vail,” the fucker said, his soft eyes instantly finding her in the chaos of the room.
“I’ll just bet you are,” Pearl purred. “All the Skin King’s little minions flocking together like rancid sheep. You were probably the one who gave her the Wolf Fire.”
My lieutenants stirred angrily, but kept quiet, and Pearl came over to stand at my side. Liam glanced at me, but he’d finished scanning the teacher and shook his head. He was clean, and here only for the omega.
My heart clenched as I watched him approach the bed. Vail was an omega. And Wentworth’s kin by blood. The Marrows were one of the oldest packs, so they could have been first cousins, or distant relatives. It didn’t really matter to wolves. Pack was pack, and rank trumped all. My father’s blood was still drying on my claws, and I was vibrating with alpha power, but all I could think was how cruel our nature was. To make Vail Chance a packless dud, but Vail Marrow an omega of an old and ruthless line.
She was also crying, in that soundless way she had, where her green eyes overflowed like flooded pools. I tried to look away as their heads came together, not touching, but his voice soothing in her ear. When she reached for his hand, a growl came from my chest, enough to make the water glasses bounce on the nightstand. Vail snatched her hand away, but Wentworth turned and gave me a disapproving look. “She needs an alpha’s care.” His gaze went from myself, to my lieutenants against the wall. 
“Forget it,” I said through gritted teeth. “She can go to the medical bay.”
“She needs more than gauze and a cream,” Wentworth admonished.
“The mineral pool,” Pearl suggested. “I’d be happy to hold her head under the water for you, Alpha.”
“I’ll take her,” Wentworth said, but when he scooped her up in his arms, my alpha power rose up in a wave. He staggered, but pushed through it, his eyes furious behind his glasses. “I’m an omega,” he panted. “She’s my kin. You have no right…”
The fury went out of me. I had no right. “You can take her to the pool, caregiver, but she still has to answer for using the Wolf Fire on my pack.”
“Desperate bitch,” Pearl muttered under her breath, but Wentworth just looked her over with a superior sneer. “Aithníonn ciaróg ciaróg eile, Miss LaRue,” he murmured. 
I glanced at Liam, who shrugged, then looked at my friends. Wentworth’s limerick of the week meant nothing to us. “Clean yourselves up,” I told my lieutenants. “We have a lot to talk about and some plans to make. I’m going with the omegas.” When Pearl made to follow, I shook my head. “Not now. Help Baron and Felix. And find out what you can about the Marrows’ latest movements.”
Her eyes narrowed; she probably knew I was palming her off, but she didn’t argue. She just pressed a quick kiss to my cheek and said, “Anything, Alpha.”
Liam made a grunting sound as he fell into step beside me. “She knows more than she’s saying.”
We’d reached the front doors and I looked at him. “Which ‘she’ are you talking about, Liam? Because right now, I’m the one who’s clueless.”
His lips thinned and he nodded. “I’ll get onto the Marrows as soon as this omega business is done.”
I wanted to protest – that Vail wasn’t a Marrow, or an omega, or anyone’s business but mine. But none of that was true anymore, and the silent presence of my wolf inside me spoke volumes. 
The scent of the mineral pool hit me like a punch to the gut. Vivid memories welled up, but I pushed them down as the omega carried Vail to the shallow end. He waded in, clothes and all. Vail moaned in his arms, but as soon as the water washed over her, a small smile touched her lips. That smile was sweet, innocent, but it hit me harder than any blow I’d taken from my dad. Before I could leap into the water, she closed her eyes and went slack in Wentworth’s arms.
“What’s wrong with her?” Liam demanded, maybe because he knew I couldn’t.
“She fainted. She’s been through a lot.” The omega gave me another of his superior looks. “Whatever she took, it was exacerbated by the full moon. I think she was starting her first shift when the drug took effect. Instead of shifting, it caged her wolf, and caused her a great deal of pain in the process.” 
A pain that echoed inside me, slicing into the heart of my wolf and making him howl. But I didn’t need raw emotion now. Forcing him back, I stared the omega down.  “Maybe it will teach her to keep her clothes on, and her lips shut in future.”
Something like fury rippled in his mild eyes. “That’s beneath you, Alpha!”
“Right now, every goddamn wolf on this continent is beneath him,” Liam said in a quelling tone. “He’s the new Arras Pack Alpha. Show him some respect, Omega, or you’ll be floating face down next to your kin.”
Wentworth dropped his gaze, but only to press his knuckles to Vail’s cheek. She stirred, her long dark hair billowing around her, but a peaceful sigh slipped from her lips as she leaned into his touch. I thought of Vail seeking shelter in his den, of the book she’d borrowed, drenched in his scent. There was something here, something between them I was missing, but I shook the thought away. Vail had always been a mystery, but it was the dark kind you drowned in, and I took a step back, turning away from the pool. 
Liam moved with me, but glanced over his shoulder. “What about the Wolf Fire?”
I paused. I could feel my wolf crouching there, silent, watchful, but he had no words to help me. “She’s found her pack. Let her lie down with the assholes and see how she likes it.”


Chapter Thirty–Seven - VAIL


I opened my eyes to water, and the distant face on an unfeeling moon. There was no sunshiny scent to cling to. No glowering Alpha or menacing enforcer to keep me from sliding back into the darkness. Just Mr. Wentworth’s hands under my back, and the evil moon floating overhead. 
She’d had her fun with me, the bitch. She’d poisoned the night, smothering its fragile promise and then filling it up with the worst kind of nightmares. They played through my head – the vomiting, the writhing, the nakedness and fighting wolves - and I wanted to reach up and tear her out of the sky. Because now her work was done, she was drifting off to the horizon. Ready to hunt down some other pathetic fool, and rip her dreams to shreds. 
The water rippled next to my face, and I shivered. Not from any lingering fever. I was no longer hot or cold. Nothing throbbed or ached or tingled. There was no sharp need, or overpowering fear. I was completely numb, from my bedraggled curls, to my tangerine toes. 
I felt nothing. Or maybe I hurt so bad, my brain had severed the connection to my nerve endings.
I was sure I looked like a wreck on the outside, but inside all had gone eerily still. No wolf. No pain. My chest was so hollow, the slow drag of my lungs echoed in my ears. And my heart? If I wasn’t breathing and blinking, I would have thought I’d lost it, somewhere out there in the dark. 
A strange clicking sound echoed over the water. Something moved on the skylight, long and lean against the backdrop of the fading moon. A glass petition was slowly lifted, starlight and cool air swirling in. As I watched, one, then two, then half a dozen shadowy figures slipped through. There was no splash, despite it being a twenty-foot drop. Mr. Wentworth clutched my hand, and a moment later I saw a familiar face looming over me.
Trey Barakat was standing at the side of the pool in dusty jeans and a worn black tee. “How you feeling, little V?”
I struggled to lift myself, but that numbness had drained the strength from my limbs. All I could do was bob about, clueless and exhausted. “What are you doing here, Trey?”
Mr. Wentworth moved beside me, starlight reflected off his glasses. “It’s alright, Vail. They’re here to take you home.”
“Home?” I tried to push myself up again, but Trey was wading into the water, a strange smile on his lips. I quickly looked around for Darkness, but all I could see were those shadowy figures crouched at the edges of the pool. Moonlight glinted on their strange uniforms – leather and black fur, as liquid as the water.
As Trey’s arms slid under my back, Mr. Wentworth squeezed my hand again. “Remember what the note said, Vail.”
My gaze went back to the moon, little more than a pale shadow in the first streaks of dawn. I wasn’t sure if I was going to laugh or cry. “Look to the sky,” I whispered, and cry I did. 

TO BE CONTINUED…

Book 2 – Clawless
***
Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?
Thanks!
Simone Leigh Martin 


About the Author 

Simone has always loved words, working as a tutor, English teacher, blogger, corporate trainer and change manager.
She lives in Western Australia, with her husband, two daughters and Coco, the best rescue cat in the world.

Discover other titles by Simone Leigh Martin:
Limbo: Life’s Kiss
Ink Magic (The Pen & Sword Series)
The Skin Kings Series

Connect with the Author

Twitter: http://twitter.com/slmartin_writer
Instagram: http://instagram.com/simoneleighmartin/ 
Facebook: http://facebook.com/simoneleighmartin
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/slmartin123 
Website: http://simoneleighmartin.com 


