Perish
By Desiree Galavez
Copyright 2011 Desiree Galavez
Smashwords Edition

*~*~*
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This ebook may mot be re-sold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If your reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1-This Is Me
Chapter 2- Could You Believe?
Chapter 3- Everything Has a Beginning
Chapter 4- It’s Blurry
Chapter 5- Escape
Chapter 6- Who Is Rose?
Chapter 7- Possession of Perish
Chapter 8- God Like
Chapter 9- Return to Freedom
Chapter 10- Mortals Are Fragile
Chapter 11-Poppy’s One Of  Us
Chapter 12- Change Is Good…Sometimes
Chapter 13- Benjamin’s Plan
Chapter14- Kyoto is Oracle
Chapter 15- What Just Happened?
Chapter 16- Memory
Chapter 17- I Love You
Chapter 18- Curiosity
Chapter 19- Not the Whole Story
Chapter 20- Suddenly Aware
Chapter 21- History Repeating
Chapter 22- Pieces Come Together
*~*~*
Chapter 1-This is me
R,
I’ve always believed there was a God. But believing in myself has always been the hardest task. 
What I am is not a figment of someone’s imagination, I am very real. I crave the blood, I have the fangs. I have the abilities that men dream of. 
Not to mention that being what I am has boosted me to the top of the food chain. The only difference in my creation is I was brought into this world by the hands of intellectual mortals. An abomination, of a creature. Known and feared, ages before my birth. They experimented with the blood lines of the Vampire, bringing together the strands of DNA and blood types. They succeeded in harnessing the unknown lineage of the blood thirsty beings, hoping to control the unknown depths of the vampires untold secrets. 
My first cells of lifeless tissue forming in a petri dish. Eventually, like Frankenstein’s monster, my body formed its stone encasement to the adolescent age of seven. My pale, naked, alabaster body was dead and lifeless, as it lay on a steel gurney, awaiting the next step of the process. Arms and legs extended. Every toe stuck with small needles pumping the cocktail of an unknown substance through my body. Fingers, inner arms and spinal cord. There wasn’t a place that did not have a needle or tube pushing the memories of the past into mine. Images folding upon images, creating an abstract vision of distorted faces I didn’t recognize. Memories of those I never knew, and perhaps will never know. But something has stayed with me since my creation. Visions. Or maybe they were dreams. Visions, when I wasn’t always this thing, not always a vampire. In a place of utmost happiness. Where there was light and beautiful beings, and God. 
Your going to ask me how I knew it was God. 
All I have to say to that is, its one of those questions you already know the answer too he just…was. I don’t have them all the time though, the visions, they change often. So whether it has always been there or it was the side effects of the transfusions. I can‘t answer that. But I won’t forget to tell you that besides the beautiful visions, I have other puzzlements. Visions of a day when our kind was born. When the first sip of blood was taken from a mortal, and when the rift between the heavens and the earth was sprung. And when the strain between the breeds and the mortals began. Again, I’m not for sure if it’s a real memory or the side effects, but it’s a memory still, and it has always been. 
So, I have categorized these as dark thoughts. Reoccurring at odd times of the day, sometimes when I rest. And never telling anyone.
Anyhow. When I was seven I was awakened. Only I wasn’t free I was confined to a box with a window and a steel door. Along with me, in this tiny room. There was a computer complete with internet, so I wouldn’t be completely stupid to the world. And a small book shelf, overflowing with books, magazines and newspaper clippings. 
Through the years I‘d become a bit of a hoarder, collecting and cutting pictures from books that I‘d found interesting. 
My guardians, Mr. and Mrs. Harron. Made it clear to me that I would never leave this place. And wasted no time telling me what I was, explaining how I came to be. It didn’t truly mean anything to me until I tasted blood for the first time, then knew they were right after all.
Dr. Elizabeth Harron provided me with an education. Though she wasn’t exactly happy with allowing me to read the papers. Or having access to the internet. She thought they would influence me to judge mortals. The papers weren’t what I judged. It was the situation mortals put me in. From the very beginning I had no choice. I didn’t choose to be a vampire and I didn’t choose to be their science experiment. If I had the choice I would be neither mortal nor vampire. 
The Mortals that raised me weren’t exactly the nurturing type and I didn’t know of any other vampires, or other mortals, to convince me other wise. Not knowing first hand what the world held either, I was almost content in my box. Almost.
My opinion of Mortals. They are cruel beings, inferior mindless creatures. Delicate bodies that could easily be broken. Destroying themselves daily and for what? Half of them for drugs, a straying lover, money, madness or a moment of insanity. The other half, confused as to what they are. Psychic or manic depressant? Gifted or just plain strange? Accepted or Unaccepted? They are pointless beings. 
At the age of seven, I was glad I was, a vampire. But all that I’d read was nothing compared to what I wish I could experience on my own. The world outside. To really see for myself. But I could not, I was a prisoner of human curiosity. 
How wonderful of man. So greedy for knowledge, without understanding the consequences. As for what I believe? I did…believe and looked to the bible for answers to my many questions. Even I have to laugh at myself. Fascinating isn’t it? 
How could I even look at the Bible, or even say His name? The truth is dearest, I am fascinated with how God is perceived. And one thing that I never understood, was why God gave mortals free will. Did he expect them to create beings like myself? He must have. He created everything else. And for what purpose? Where were those of my kind? In my research, my visions and thoughts helped me to understand what I should look for on the internet. 
What I found was the mortal perspective on what they thought happened to the others. Supposedly my kind went their separate ways, blending in with the mortals. The explanation on the site, was a long and detailed one, telling of Cain and Lilith. The first knights, childers and what has become of them since then. Leading me to realize how much and how long mortals wanted to live forever, even if it meant killing others of their kind to keep up their charade. 
If God did not tame the beast, how could mere man? How did man think he would? Humans were given so many of their choices, but never made the right ones. Yet, the Bible read that God loves them no matter what. So much so, he sacrificed his son. Who he sent to die for these mortals to make those choices. And still, they do not make the right ones. What would God say about me? 
Indeed, I related to his son. Even after death, he lives in the hearts and souls of billions. In many ways we are both created miraculously and in many ways we are both destine to live on. Though, I am a complete abomination in Gods eyes.
Living day to day, a constant repetition, like a lab rat through the maze. Everyday I was told that I was the ultimate of ultimate vampires, the first of my breed, yet I was treated like the plague reincarnate. Locked behind the door and shatter proof glass, that protected them from me. 
Elizabeth, the lead scientist in the genetics department and her husband, Director of the lab was Dr. Henry Harron. Later on, I came to find that they didn’t operate with certain ethics in mind. And neither did they have the funds. ‘Friends’ in high places and private sponsors contributed to their less then typical experiments. Their specialty. Reanimation, stem cells and embryonic stem cells to replicate specific physical traits.
Dr. Harron aided in the research, to genetically pass down memories through DNA. In the past, he hadn’t succeeded on his own, until now. 
This is where things get confusing. 
Where I started to question, where the visions really came from and what they were supposed to mean. Trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together.
My birth, as I mentioned, if you can call it that. Wasn’t the natural way to be born, even for something like me. Not from normal human birth, formed by a woman and a man, even born by being bitten by another of my kind, or even borne into it. At least that’s what I thought. I was grown and cultivated. Different pathogens and cells, blood, complete with memories, flashes of places, faces and monsters that I didn’t know existed. These were what the visions also consisted of. These were what occupied my mind. I had no light to my darkness, no comfort for my undying thirst. Perish Falconridge, a blood thirsty Frankenstein monster, that grew rapidly to what appeared to be the age of twenty-five years, within the span of three months. Since the taking of blood, everything awakened, including my growth and my sense of maturity and the thirst for blood.
Even with the kindness that Elizabeth bestowed to me, I was still kept isolated. But on these days, I would read or write my thoughts. Sketching the visions in a journal, so I could try and make sense of them. Researched about the outside, all the while living a typically mundane life for a creature like me. And slowly my abilities began to reveal themselves.
Of course it started with the thirst. Then I was able to hear the slightest of noises. And eventually I discovered my sight was just as good in the dark, if not better. Also my strength increased. 
On the day I turned twenty five, I discovered I heard voices. Mainly those of my guardians, in my head. I researched it and found it was called telepathy. But I possessed one side of it. I could only hear their thoughts. My body advanced from seven to twenty five, gratefully coupled with the knowledge of things I never dreamed I could have. And the visions became more and more detailed. But still they didn’t make sense. 
This all happened gradually. Gradual was good. It helped me keep my abilities from Dr. Harron. They were getting more prominant and only I knew. Although there were days when Dr. Harron and I spent countless hours, of all things, watching each other. Always with cold and contemplating stares. He was waiting for those precious moments when I would give him a glimpse to what I was and what I could do. I was growing tired of his games. I knew what I was, and he knew what I was. He didn’t want clues, he wanted substantial proof, hard evidence. His thoughts were always wide open windows to a shallow mind. What he wanted most was my immortality, a chance to live forever. And Dr.Harron wasn’t the only one waiting. There were others, hovering like vultures over a carcass. According to his thoughts, he was being ordered to do so. Ordered to observe, report all the things that I did. He was someone else’s puppet and sadly, so was Elizabeth. But as to who was pulling their strings, it wasn’t clear. And I never let him in, I never exposed anything that would give him the satisfaction. Prick!
At the end of my twenty-fifth year, I experience something strange within myself. I was growing more and more frustrated and angry. That night when I given my daily eight ounces of blood, it didn’t taste as it always did. The flavor is usually sweet and relieving. But that night it was a stale and cold not enticing to me at all. I couldn’t finish it, my throat burned when it went down, making me ill. When I finally swallowed it, the burning subsided only to blend into an electric shock that almost knocked me to my knees. It was like a blast of air shooting right through me, bouncing off my insides. At first it stunned me, merely shrugging it off, considering I hadn’t fed and was still hungry. But when the shock passed through me again, I lost all senses. Becoming paralyzed and blacking out.
Time was never something I kept up with. There was never a need for it. But as I lay motionless on the floor, I heard the tick tock of a clock. It was hypnotic and soothing, and I allowed myself to listen. Counting the ticks and patterns that spoke to me in a metronomic voice. When I did wake up, I was confused and disoriented. My body felt pain, sharp pain. Never had I experienced this sensation before, it was confusing and new. Like someone was inside and they were pummeling me with small stones. I felt around my body and looked for any sign of cuts or bruising. But there were none.
I’m losing it. I thought to myself. 
There was no explanation for what happened, and thank God that the Doctor hadn’t been around.
After that night my abilities were much sharper. I could hear further than the next room, my sight was ten times what they were last month and I could hear the blood flowing through my guardians veins. But the visions remained and never changed. Occasionally I would come across a quick blur of black and a flash of fang and-blood. Nothing I could connect. When I lay down and closed my eyes, taking myself to the darkest place in my mind. I would try to erase the undigested thoughts and visions. Never truly sleeping, but lightly resting, replenishing my energies, especially being deprived of fluids.
Doctor Harron began to reduce the supply of blood to three times a day, every two days. It had to be adequate enough to sustain me for the next two days. He dragged the worst from me. When I would feel weak and agitated, I lashed out. Trying not to get angry with Elizabeth, mainly at Doctor Harron. I never liked him. He’s was trying to antagonize me, hoping that I would one day get so tired, agitated and thirsty, that I would show him some of my abilities. Never! 
One evening the doctor came into the observation room, drunk and stupid. Yelling through the glass about my kind, a ‘Vampire Frankenstein’, he called me. Saying that I was created to be the answer to everything wrong with mortals, to prove that fear and immortality did exist and mortals needed a healthy dose of reality. During those times, when he drank. His mind was a dizzying swirl of colors, mingling within themselves and creating muddied thoughts. 
They say a drunk mans words, are the spoken truth. Was he telling the truth? I couldn’t tell when he was intoxicated and I couldn’t tell when he wasn’t, he never thought of it. He mainly thought of what he would gain when he proved I was a successful experiment. And more often then not, his thoughts consisted of darker images, that I could only explain as a darkness that had no face. It nagged at me when his thoughts were present. Strangely, it gave me a migraine, and I avoided the doctors thoughts, if I could. But I hadn’t accomplished that yet.
Unfortunately, R, the small attempts at finding others was sufficient enough to gratify my curiosity. ‘Unfortunate’, because I hoped for more. But from what I did find was purely here say. Vampires did indeed exist. And lived many eternities, through folklore, that is. So I read. As for actual proof, R, that was hard to come by. Something of an alien, in many ways. Rarely seen and experienced, but never really proven. Of course, there were plenty of faux vampires, I watched them on the computer. Claiming to be one, drinking blood, living in darkness, coffins, fangs, the whole song and dance. But I knew better, they didn’t describe anything that was proven, the way I knew them to be. So I dismissed them, disappointed. And gave up the search, thinking I couldn’t possibly find others like myself in this box. It was a failed attempt.
Good night,
P.F.
To R,
I think that this is an odd way to deal with what I am but if you permit me I will continue writing this second letter. Forgive me for rambling.
In a sick way. Macabre actually, when I thumbed through the newspaper, I searched the missing persons articles. Looking for unsolved mysteries, murders, abductions and runaways. These were what attracted me. They were never found anyway, ever. 
There was never a clue to what happened to them, and there was never an answer. Just questions and a grieving family left behind, to beg for someone to tell them where they might be, and come forward with any leads. The victims usually had a horrible past. Young with no guidance and without hope. Someone looking for answers, someone vulnerable. Perhaps meeting someone who seemed too good to be true and was deceived in the end, ‘Step into my parlor. Said the Spider to the Fly’.
 These cases were easier pushed aside as the mad ravings of a psychopath. But then again. Mortals no longer seemed to fear anything anymore. Being stalked and hunted, they’d gladly ask to be bitten, and beg for the change. 
And for these reasons, I began to only see them as nothing more then sustenance. I’m sorry R, but this was how I see your kind. They were disappointing creatures full of nothing but themselves, and forgetful. Oblivious to what was really going on around them. It made me sick. 
I wasn’t real to them. Yet if I was out in the world, walking amongst them. I would be their demise. The top of the food chain. Why do they even bother praying? 
But I wasn’t free, I wasn’t even sure if their really were others like myself. I was held captive by the mortals that made me. I didn’t have a clue as to how to escape, my abilities were still sketchy and there were things happening to me that, from the beginning, had me spooked.
But amongst these stories of despair. The obituaries, the families, the dead left behind. There was a story that caught my attention. 
This, R, is how and when, I first laid eyes on you. When I met you. It was about your father. A man who died of diabetes, leaving his little family a house in the Excelsior District. 
The usual sad story. Two daughters a widow and a grand daughter left behind. What made me notice her? The one who looked lonely, you wonder? It wasn’t anything that stuck out. I was merely drawn by the silence that came when I starred at the picture of the four of them. In particular the eldest. The daughters, the wife and the dead smiling, happy. Frozen in a strained effort to look like the garden variety family. Her expression was indifferent. I didn’t know what she was thinking, I couldn’t tell by just looking at her photo. But it was as if she was waiting for something, that she didn’t know she was waiting for. I couldn’t help but stare at her, noticing the silence of the voices, the outside noises and a low ringing that were slightly audible. I recognized the all to familiar burning in my throat, the electric sensation and chill spread through me once again.
As I tensed up, I crumpled the paper with the girls picture. A reaction to the pain. Her face was stamped into my thoughts hanging like a bright beacon. Focusing on something other than the pain. Slowly, it began to subside. When I became more relaxed, the crumpled paper, I held in my tight fist, was almost destroyed. Loosening my grip, the paper fell to the floor. The pain still lingered all through my body and as I took deep breaths and felt it subsiding like the tide going out. Gently I ripped the photo out of the newspaper and continued to read the rest of the words, until I came to their names. Ivy, Rose and their mother, Gloria. The Moira’s. I shoved it in the back pocket of my jeans. 
The dryness of my throat ignited a fire. It was already day three of neglected feeding and it was getting to me. Weariness began to set in as I slid to the floor. Dropping my head on my pulled up knees. This was how I coped, when the unquenchable appetite for blood would try and overcome me. One day overdue.
Elizabeth tapped on the slot. Just in time. She brought me what I was craving. And not a minute too soon. I acknowledged her, flicking my hand at her. I refused any eye contact. She slid the Styrofoam cup through a small slot.
It was my relief. But not without the side affects. The blood that was collected, came from a penitentiary which had an abundance of donors. Their memories, attaching themselves to the blood. Horrendous thoughts, and actions of these criminals. Although I needed it. This type wasn’t the best quality. I’d found ways to block their old memories from poisoning mine. And it never was delivered fresh or warm, always cold. Elizabeth nudged the cup forward, while her scent crept behind it. Soap and a flowery smell. My throat felt like it was closing up. I thanked Elizabeth and got up to take what I was waiting three days for. Roughly, I slammed the cup on the table, sending the contents sloshing around inside. 
Even though I was thirsty, I had to try and prepare my body and mind for what was going to occur when I drank it. Already tired, thirsty and inflicted with the unexplainable blackouts, that occurred in my ‘perfect’ exisistance. Waiting a little longer, wasn’t going to hurt any less. I sat back down, resting against the bed, and laying my head back on my knees. 
I thought of the black place I usually took myself. Clearing my mind, waiting for the shades of grey behind my lids, to turn black. Trying to focus on the face of the girl. I didn’t know her, and would never know her. Understanding, it was only her name that would be in my thoughts. Grateful, that I didn’t know her, begrudgingly thankful, for the small effect she had on me. Hoping the black and the grey would arrive soon, with some sort of preparedness. It was unnerving, disturbing and in a way backwards, to see her face whenever I closed my eyes. But, I continued to concentrate, remembering the details of what my new visions were trying to tell me.
While her face flipped around in my head. A small key, on a thin silver chain, wrapped around her neck and tightened like a thin noose. Choking her, as her expression stayed the same. Smiling, the same uncertain smile. All the while, the burning in my throat seemed to tighten, as the noose tighten around hers. I tried to hang onto my concentration. Looking in, as the black turned to red, as it was poured out by an invisible hand from an elegant goblet. As the red engulfed her image. It twisted and blended with the darkeness, turning into the familiar darker red, gooey thickness. The girls image, completely disappearing into the bloody sea. Suddenly, with out warning, I felt my body uncontrollably convulse. And my eyes lids flew open. Starring up at the ceiling and the florescent lights, halfway dimmed. Everything was as it was before the vision, before the blackout. The cup, still on the table were I’d left it.
“Did I black out again?” I said aloud.
It couldn’t have been more than two minutes, since it happened. Then I heard the tapping on the glass. Elizabeth, was in the observation room, possibly the entire time. It was obvious she was concerned. Then standing behind her, with a satisfied grin on his face. Was the Doctor. The frustration and anger began to rise in me. I’d slipped up. Giving him what he was looking for. Although small, it was enough. My uncontrolled vision, had taken me hostage for only a few seconds. At that moment, whatever happened to me, it pleased him. 
I couldn’t look at Elizabeth. She may have been genuinely concerned. But she was still part of the ‘Frankenstein Project’. And couldn’t do anything for me anyway. I didn’t care why she cared, I wanted to rip them both apart at that point. And without thinking, I rushed toward table with such speed, they were still starring at the place I stood. I was afraid and trembling with anger. Snatching the cup from the table. The contents, splashing and spilling over the top, onto my pale slender fingers. Allowing it to trickle through. I lifted my blood covered fingertips to my lips, licking away the spilled blood. Never breaking away from the Doctors satisfied glare. 
If he wanted a vampire, he was going to get what he’s been waiting for. 
I tilted the cup and gulped down the cold fluid, letting it hemorrhage from the corners of my mouth. Dripping onto my white shirt, and onto the floor. Not only was it cold, it was stale, and the smell wasn’t pleasantly perfumed either. I was a complete mess. He got to me. And I, like a child, rebelled. 
R, if this is offensive, I apologize. I didn’t want the picture to cause a stain in memories. It is what happened. And I cannot lie. 
Doctor Harron watched, and noted everything. Jotting down words, to describe this particular event. He was enjoying this much more then I expected. As for Elizabeth, she left the room at the moment I picked up the cup. She could never stomach my feedings, even when I was civil about it.
When the cup had no more to give, I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. Smiled a bloody toothy grin. 
If he didn’t know I had fangs, he knew now and he seemed just as pleased. He wrote more notes. I was done playing with him. I’d been fed, and now I just wanted him to leave. Leave me to my peaceful, quiet box. But that was too much to ask for. He watched me all night, never giving me a moments peace. As I read, as I rested and when I remembered Rose. The newspaper photo, in the back pocket of the bloodied jeans. I didn’t want to change. I was feeling sorry for myself. I wanted to smell the blood on me. To remind me of what I was, while I moped around. Wanting the doctor to understand as well. 
Although my bed was welcoming, my energy was high, I didn’t need to rest. I couldn’t if I wanted too. But I lay in it, my back to the observation window. Allowing my thoughts to spin. It was the only past time I enjoyed. Trying to make connections and explanations, to my own questions. Why had I blacked out again? Could it be called a black out? Wondering, what was next in the doctors experiments, now that he’s gotten a glimpse of what I’d let escape. And Rose, whose image had become a permanent fixture in my mind. Always slightly calming the ghost inside of me. 
When I thought of her and thought about the vision. I didn’t have a clue, what it might mean. But she was my only source, at the moment, for calming the storm. Calming the chaos. But still, there remained the ringing.
I wanted to know more about her. She had my attention. And she filled the monotony of the day. I just didn’t know…why.
“What’s so special about the key on the chain?” I thought.
What was the connection? Why was I drawn to her, when I didn’t know her? And she didn’t know me? 
I’ve been in this box for a timeless, year and 3 months, this October. But it felt like an eternity. And could feel my frustration, rising again.
“What do keys symbolize?” Asking myself over and over, “They open doors.” 
Starring at the wall. In the distance, or more like down the hall, I’d never seen. I could hear Elizabeth’s soft steps, as she shuffled through the hall. She was coming to visit, and check on me. Unable to sleep as well. I met her kind eyes through the glass. She sat down at the table, sharing a weak smile. Wrapped in a throw blanket, that hid the flannel pajamas, she wore underneath. It must have been a cold tonight. her cheeks were flushed pink. I was reluctant to say much to her after today, it was shameless. And shamefully, I took my place at the table in front of her. Her half smile disappeared, while she nervously adjusted the blanket a few more times. Her thoughts were always on my progress, never like the Doctor, who‘s thoughts I avoided, if I could. They always seemed to want to pull me into them.
“Can’t sleep?” I asked.
“Too many things on my mind, Perish.” 
We had something in common tonight. It was quiet, since the ‘incident‘, and the doctor was passed out, there was no need for telepathy to know that. The staleness of alcohol and urine had followed her. There would be no one around to watch my every move tonight.
I pressed her for conversation. “Like what?” I asked as she shifted. The sound of her heart, beginning to pump harder. She was nervous and was trying to avoid the question.
This surprised me, why was she hesitant? What brought her here? Her thoughts weren’t complete, it was more of a hiccup. Thoughts…stop…thought…stop.
“Elizabeth, what’s wrong, why are avoiding the question?” 
I tried to hone in on what she was thinking, but still she was holding back. I tried, with little success. She shifted again and leaned closer to the glass.  
“I saw what you did today.”
“Yes?” I answered. Wishing, I could see where she was going with this. Now, I was feeling uncomfortable. She stiffened, and sharply glared at me, trapping my stare with hers. 
“And I see that you’ve had a few black outs as well.”
“Yes. Is there something you can tell me about them?” I urged, pretending it didn’t effect me.
She paused, reluctant to say anything.
“I do…have a hypothesis. as to why. But I’m not absolutely sure.”
I would take anything, if she could explain a little of what has happened.
“Please, Elizabeth, please tell me why I have these…black outs.”
She exhaled. Reluctant, “I’ll tell you, but you must promise me, you’ll forgive us.” 
I nodded in agreement, hastily yes, but I needed to hear what she had to say. It came from her like the red liquid from the goblet. Flowing.
“When we were approached by private clients, to create a being of your kind. We thought it to be a hoax. We didn’t believe in beings as you, so how could we create a figment of imagination? Pull it out of the air, mold it from clay? We could not. The doctor and I didn’t know where to begin, except from the beginning. We tried everything. From bats to wolves to black market dealers in phlembotimic disease. Anything, we knew about blood. We were failing in our work, we had no plan of attack, no starting point. 
Then, one evening, we were approached by the client with an offer we couldn’t refuse. They would give us the building blocks to create you. The preserved blood of ancients. Proof of your existence. That’s how they explained it to us. Now, I wonder what it really was they gave us. 
When we spliced the genes and tried to trace the DNA, it would always come up ‘unknown origins.’ Which we can only explain, as it being the vampire piece of your existence. So we thought. We would be graciously rewarded, with enough money to never work again. Taking the secrets lavishly to our graves. How could we refuse? So we began to put you together, like a puzzle. 
The day we saw the cells forming. The very reason we were instructed to construct a being like you, continue to grow. We had what were looking for. What they, were looking for. The blood of the ‘fathers’, are never dieing. Whatever unknown link in your chain of life was. It was what formed you into this. Its what created you. It was as if it knew exactly what to do with you. We only needed to stand by and watch. 
With in two weeks, the cells began to form into an embryo, as it should. The fourth week, the embryo started forming into a fetus, which was more rapid then we expected. Gestationally, the fetus would have formed in the third month, nine to thirteen weeks in. At this point, it was only the beginning of the second month, exactly five weeks into your growth. But still you had no heart beat, no sign of life, but still generated as dead flesh. By the end of the fourth month, about fifteen weeks, you were a full term baby. Stillborn. Moving you to a vat of embryonic fluids, and diluted animal blood. Feeding you through a tiny tube, inserted deep in your throat.”
She wasn’t explaining anything, that I didn’t already know. Some the details, I did not. I listened intently.
“In the full nine months, normal gestation. You were a lifeless, growing body of a seven year old boy. You didn’t move, you didn’t breath, you had nothing inside you. You were a shell, waiting to be awakened. Soon, we began transfusing the blood of your fathers into you. As instructed. Each donor had the specific qualities, that the Client wanted you to possess. There were three in particular, and one that was neither, as first thought, vampire or human. The unknown strand. We named ‘the blue strand’.
You opened your eyes. The first sign that we were successful. Those beautiful eyes, that always change. I felt both guilty and proud of the accomplishment. But Perish, being who you are and what you are. You were much more then what we expected. I remember, the day your fangs became your weapon of choice against my husband,” she laughed.
“Then came the night, when the client paid us an unexpected visit, here at the laboratory. Coming to see what progress we’d made, and giving orders to observe you. Report to him, all the abilities you showed. Introducing himself, as Benjamin Jamison, founder of ‘The Society’.
But you were stubborn, and until today, you’ve kept your secrets well,” she hesitated.
“So now I’m here to warn you. Perish, the doctor has informed Benjamin. And tomorrow, he will come for you,” she stood up and rewrapped the blanket. “Perish; you’ve been here for too long. You were created by man’s own selfishness, and with no respect for ethics, without knowing the consequences. But…not only mortals want to live for eternity, remember that.”
I watched her slowly turn and walk away from me, leaving me with only more questions.
“WAIT! Elizabeth, you haven’t told me the reason for my black outs.”
She turned to me again and walked back, smiling weakly.
“Oh…yes, forgive me. We’ve discovered abnormalities in the strands that are irreversible. They are a side effect of the transfusion. With the blood of your donors, their memories, old thoughts and their feelings, are now yours. Whether they still live or not, you will have a strong connection to them, and whatever secrets they still hold. When you learn more. And your abilities grow. You’ll be a force to be reckoned with. And an even bigger prize, to the ones that will challenge you. What I’m saying, is you are not the normal vampire, in the sense of what a normal vampire is. And hopefully, you’ll find the answers, to why you will suffer more than others of your kind. Be vigilant though. There could be other side affects. Just remind yourself, if they surface,” she smiled again and walked away whispering, “Live Perish.”
Yes, R, I heard what she said. But what was she saying? I haven’t been anywhere outside those walls and now tomorrow. I was supposed to leave with this, Benjamin. I was stunned to the pit of my stomach. I didn’t know what to do next. It was more than I wanted to know. And all I could do was lay in my bed and wait. Lay there and pray for guidance. If he heard me at all.
It’s strange isn’t it? It’s strange to me too. I don’t know if I’ll ever understand what I’m truly doing, when I do pray.
Anyhow. Good Night,
P.F.
*~*~*
Chapter 2-Could you Believe
To The One Who Questions the Existence of the Breeds,
The night came and went. Elizabeth came in the evening. But she’d already, sent me on a mental spiral. 
The girl’s picture lay on the ground next to the Bible, I was so drawn to. I began to pack a few things that I might need, preparing. She watched me from the newsprint. A piece of paper, that brought peace. I wouldn’t have thought her indifferent, than any other mortal I knew. They were all the same. But now, as I looked, her smile was almost sickeningly pleasant. The corner of my lips flicked a crooked smile. 
Dr. Harron tapped on the glass. He was accompanied by Elizabeth, who looked normal today. Dressed in a white lab coat. She smiled and nodded approvingly in my direction. 
While the Doctor gathered up files of notes. He cleared his throat and leaned closer into the glass, fogging it up with every exhalation.
“You’ll have visitors today Perish, so be on your best behavior. Maybe you’ll feel more comfortable, showing them what you refuse to show your own, ‘father’,” his voice was the most irritating sound I‘d ever heard. 
Elizabeth mouthed the words, “Don’t worry”, behind him. I gazed at the reflection in the glass. My pale skin, and at the moment, frost blue eyes that were already changing to green. They starred back at me, while I listened to the Doctor and Elizabeth whisper of the visitors. They argued. Elizabeth was pressing her opinion on him. That I wasn’t going understand, due to the lack of education of my own kind. He didn’t argue with that.
“He’ll never understand? Does it matter anymore? He’s never going to respect my work, he’s better off with his own kind, let them explain it to him. Perish is a waste of everything provided to me. Yet he’s a mile stone to everything, in the genetic scene. Everything the scientific world has ever wanted to know. It all sits with him. What a waste.”
Elizabeth crossed her arms, taking a few steps toward the doctor.
“You’re wrong!” She hissed. “Perish is our creation. You’ve tried to keep him to yourself. You've tried to harness any ability that surfaced, and use them for your own gain. Even when there were specific directions, to follow on how we should proceed. He doesn’t know for whom to exist. You’ve tainted that. I don’t blame his refusal to show you anything. Now, you’ve decided to allow him to be tossed into another world. The flesh and blood humans won’t accept him and neither will they!”
They I heard her say. The words, snapping me out of my eves dropping. I tried to close off their voices, succeeding in only muffling them. I turned, scrambling to grab the Bible, papers and the clipping from the ground. Shoving the clipping, into my pocket. And the rest of my things, into a back pack. 
Something was coming, I could feel a power moving around me, and getting closer. It was unbearably strong. Whatever it was, I had no way of knowing what to prepare for. There was no comparison, not even to the feeling of when I drank the blood of a brutal killer or mad man. When their thoughts haunted me. It never made sense to me. The moment of insanity, for the mortal moment of power. Then again, what more should I expect from humans? 
I felt the pang of awareness. Whether it was the unknown power, or the ‘ghost’ that caused a strange awakening inside of me. I prayed that it wouldn’t cause a blackout.
Elizabeth watched me through the glass. My expression must have looked strange, while I reasoned with these sensations. The Doctor kept watch too, most intently. I hadn’t shown him the full extent of my abilities, he’s only caught me at my weakest, yesterday. 
I began to back into the darkest corner of the box. Instinctively, putting my back to the wall. Starring into the observation room, at the Doctor, then Elizabeth. The energy grew stronger. Was it coming, the ghost, to take my body over and leave me to fight my way back? I watched. Waiting for her to give me a sign. Any sign. A twitch or blink of her eye. Because at this point, their thoughts were scattered and incomprehensible.
Their eyes moved across the room to the door. The doctor was thrusting his arms up and making clumsy hand gestures. 
Three strange, yet familiar beings. Smoothly, entering the observation room. Gracefully and effortlessly, gliding with every step, calmly and beautifully. Immediately, finding me with their crystal eyes. Obviously they were not like my mortal guardians. They commanded awe and respect. The Doctors heart must have skipped a beat. His fear was heavy. Smelling of piss and dirt. His body, naturally reacting to the visitors.
Somehow, I knew them. They were the reflection I’d seen my entire, entrapped life. Incased in glass. With exception of my consistently color changing eyes, they were the same ghostly, empty orbs that always looked back at me. Tempted to make myself known. Eager to know who they were what they were. And knowing all along. 
Elizabeth, was not impressed, she was unfazed. And gave off no scent of fear as the doctor did. She stood with her arms folded across her chest, explaining the process of my creation. All that I’d accomplished and what abilities I possessed. Telling them, that I hadn’t exposed any fantastic abilities and experienced only one black out, that she knew of. Their eyes pierced the corner, as I tried to hide. Three sets of crystal white eyes, deep and flawless. 
The group consisted of a girl, who looked to be twelve. Her brown ringlets dropping to her shoulder, with skin similar to mine. She was graceful, for someone of her age. And like the others, she was dress head to toe in black, except for a peach t shirt, peeking through. Her gaze was filled with the harshest of scrutiny, and pure disapproval. The feeling was mutual. 
When they entered there was a smell. Then, I could not tell you what it was. Today, I tell you, it was of the air outside. The smell of rain and eucalyptus. It stung my nose and cooled my throat, almost tempting me, to bring myself out of the shadows. But, I gained control of my curiosities and held my position.
I wondered. 
The girl sneered at Elizabeth’s comment about the blackouts. Prompting a taller male to come forward. He was older, but looked no more that twenty. With fire red hair, pulled back into messy ponytail. I’d only seen Elizabeth with such a hair style. There was a third male. One that I describe as a God. Or like that of the marble statues, the Greeks carved to give their thanks too. This one was much older than the other two. Taking more care of his appearance, and pulling back his hair neatly. He carried, an elegance, about him, standing straight and tall with his head up. Using only his eyes, to look down at the Doctor and Elizabeth. Occasionally glimpsing at the two near the window, then to me. Strange, but I knew they communicated to each other. Amongst themselves, without moving their lips. Only I couldn’t intercept them, I had no idea what they may be saying. Blocked. My ability was still very new, I hadn’t bothered to enhance them. No practice, actually never feeling the need too. There was never a reason. I was content with what I allowed myself to attain. Maybe it was a foolish thing. To be so prideful. 
The God allowed the doctor to grovel, then grew bored with his explanations and compliments. I knew how he felt. The doctor only gave attention, where attention was due, if it involved immortality. Other than that, he was still a mortal and acted like one. Elizabeth was finished with her part of the informal presentation and remained quiet, her arms still crossed. The God turned to her and whispered a few words, and without blinking or dropping her arms. She moved toward the window.
“Perish,” her voice muffled, like every other time she spoke through the glass. “Perish, come out, we would like to introduce you to someone.”
Lightly she tapped on the glass; the girl smirked again and turned to the God. I watched while her lips curled, revealing her deadly canines. I held myself still. Like mine, sharp and deadly, but beautiful. He acknowledged Elizabeth’s effort with a nod, steady watching, waiting with arms folded. 
All of his movements were cool, calculated and easy. He was the source of the energy. Very powerful, so much so, it was vibrating from him. Although, I couldn’t figure out how I knew it came from him. It was the same way that I knew what they were, when they arrived. I felt it. And knew, something was about to give me a lesson on good and evil.
Rest curious one,
P.F.
*~*~*~*
To R,
I don’t really know why I write to you. You’ve only been an image to me from a clipping. But I feel compelled, to put my words to paper and share them with you. These days were the hardest for me, in my discoveries.
I was watching them, as intensely as they where watching me. Elizabeth’s face turned from worried to concerned, as her arms finally dropped to her side and she was lead to the back of the room by the Doctor. The red head hadn’t moved since he’d been in the room. But now that the doctor and Elizabeth were behind them. He was pacing like a hungry lion. Something must have been said. An order from the God perhaps. The entire room went dead silent. Everything. The erratic movements, the doctor holding his breath and Elizabeth cautiously followed the red head with her eyes, as he paced the room. Cutting glances toward the God, then to me. 
His eyes narrowed into small black slits. Elizabeth shot me a pleading glance. Hoping I might give her and the doctors pathetic life a meaning, by doing something miraculously immortal. Have pity on them.
I felt for them, no denying that. But I’ll never forget the box. How they kept me in here and gave me stale, cold blood. She said anything, to protest the way the Doctor reduced my feedings. Of course, she was only human.
While I stood in the eye of the storm. Red head, was sizing me up through the shadows. His own power rising. With only a nod from the God he would pounce. The piss and dirt scent of fear was getting stronger. This was fueling the fire between the both of us. I enjoyed the fact that the Doctor was finally afraid. That someone else was calling the shots. That they could take his life, if they chose to.
The God took a position in the front of the glass, next to the smirking girl. 
“He’s there,” the boy flicked his head.
“I see,” he said, leaning closer to the glass. “Perish, come out and introduce yourself.”
The sound of the God’s voice was clear, and eerily gentle. There was no hostility in it. But I didn’t move away from my place in the shadows. I prepared myself for what was going to happen next, grinding my teeth together, waiting. My thoughts were completely blind folded, it must have been the Gods doing. Lifting his hand, he waved for Elizabeth to join him. Whispering into her ear. Her position changed, and she led him to the steel door. 
The door. separating me from mortals, and anything other than what was given to me, through the panel. Finally, being unlocked. What would I do when it was finally opened? Not what I should have. There was freedom. Foreign land, on the other side. I could feel it calling to me as Elizabeth, the God and red head, stepped inside my domain. Not far behind them, the stinging stench of mortal fear and blood. My lips curled back, the only reaction to their presence I knew to do. Naturally, I wasn’t afraid. I hoped they would challenge me. I hadn’t been able to use the abilities I’d hidden so well. Now was the time, even if it was against my better judgment.
Thick with new scents and energy. So strong now, that when Elizabeth entered with him, I could barely control the pull to kill her. Clenching my teeth tighter, stretching my fingers as a simple distraction while my mind spun. Fighting to gain control of myself. A sudden pressure seethed inside my chest, so hot with turmoil. With every step she took, her scent pulsed straight through the room. Standing in between the God and I. Possibly hoping that I wouldn’t kill her, right then and there. Because of the bond, she thought we had. Still, there was barely enough guilt on her part. Mortals are too trusting. I wished she hadn’t come inside at all. Her presents was unbearable. The God cleverly grinned. This was a test of show, to my unequivocal ignorance. 
“Now…will you come and introduce yourself, young one?” He asked again. 
Elizabeth took hold of my hand and I flinched. She was hot to the touch as she held on to me. Unafraid. I’d never felt anything close to that tiny gesture. A low guttural growl escaped me. From the depths of my being. It frightened me. A reaction that I couldn’t control, with her scent so strong and so close. I could taste it in the air around us. Elizabeth quickly let go of my hand and backed away. Now, her fear was beginning to sink in, and it was her fear, that I was trying to resist. Instinctively, drawn to it. 
I moved aside, so she could have a quick escape, or I would have to kill her. When I looked to see, what was plain in her body language, I was glad. She couldn’t look at me as she always had, not with the concerned eyes of a mother, but with the fearful eyes of a simple minded being, about to die. A deer in the headlights.
The pressure in in my chest was building, almost causing my knees to buckle. The ghost was trying its hardest to escape. I grasped at my chest and heard sneers coming from the red head and the girl behind the window. I tried to regain some control. Their laughter seemed to grow louder, all the while the ghost was feeding off of their taunts. Making it harder to control.
I didn’t hear an order of attack from the God, as I struggled within myself. Defending myself has never something I had to do. I’d never been threatened before. But while fighting back the Ghost as it struggled to get through, the God must have given the red head permission. Another test. Whatever they wanted to prove, it was evident. He was going to try and coax me out of the shadows. 
Now, I was still a child then. I hadn’t had any contact with physical violence. Everything, was as if I were born yesterday. And in one evening, I was thrown into the arena to defend myself, on my own turf. As I said before, a lesson in good and evil. So, like two wolves, we proceeded to circle each other. Snarling at one another, and gnashing fangs. A sound, I’d never heard come from my body before. The anger and the rage tightening against my chest. I was not in control. It, the ghost and I, were one, and it was stronger.
Red head had a smile plastered across his face, I wanted to rip it off. If we were going to fight, we’d better do it now. I could feel the ghost wanting to sink its own nasty fangs into this creature. 
The Red Head growled, “Show me what your made of, freak!”
“Maybe I can show you how your going to die!” I hissed. It was as if I’d been waiting for the chance to let my true self be exposed.
From the corner of my eye I could see Elizabeth, her back against the wall, terrified. The God merely watching, as we contemplated each others strengths and weakness.
“Let’s get it over with, reject!” Lunging at me, fangs and claws ready to meet its mark. At amazing speed, I didn’t see him coming. I opened my eyes, starring up towards the ceiling. My bearings, seemed to have been scrambled by the blow. With my arms over my face and chest, defense against his fangs. He released me, scoffing in my face and shoving me as he sprung up. He didn’t harm me physically, as much as he did harm to my pride. This wasn’t a fight to the death, it was an assessment of my fighting abilities. Of what could be brought out of me, by being challenged or threatened. And I was failing, miserably.
“What’s stopping you? What’s holding you back, Thing?” He laughed, turning to his small audience, the girl. Still standing behind the glass. The God did not find this amusing, he didn’t move at all, just watched as the red head continued his taunts.
I was ready this time, no matter what happened, I was going to get at least one good hit. And without any warning, the pressure in my chest, that I’d felt the entire time. Had knocked me to the ground. I clutched at my chest, trying in vane to fight back the ghost, who wanted a piece of the red head, had finally broken through.
“What the fuck is wrong with you, reject?” He cursed, turning to the God. “Benjamin, do you see that he isn’t one of us. He’s weak and stupid, just like his makers. Let me get rid of this…Thing!”
Inside, I’d lost the fight to my worst half. He’d surfaced, and was waiting for the red head to make his next move. While I was, somehow, thrusted into my own darkness.
“Be quiet Mylo, and pay attention,” Benjamin snapped.
“Yes…shut up! And lets finish what Perish could not.” The ghost, internally challenging him.
“Lets” I heard myself whisper.
With the Ghost now in control. I could feel my body lunging and landing hard blows to his mid section and neck. The red head let out a yelp of pain with every blow. Until he was on his hands and knees, at my feet. Spitting blood, onto the floor. Triumphant, I stood over him. The Ghost was poised, ready to end it. I felt a heavy hand on my shoulders. Shoving it off, I turned quickly to see who it was that placed their hands on me. Benjamin, like the God he reminded me of, never flinching. I was no threat to him. The ghost saw Benjamin as a threat. I snarled at him, but he simply put up his hand in front of my face, and offered the other one to the quickly healed, but ego bruised red head.
“Perish, come back to us, calm your rage, young one,” he urged. As I squinted cautiously at him.
Did he understand what was inside me, what controlled me at that very moment? 
It was starting to come together. Understanding who pulled the doctors strings. 
From behind the window, the girl glared at me. She didn’t like the out come of the little battle, flashing a sickening, fanged smile in my direction. 
“Who are you?” I asked him, slowly recuperating. Silently, pushing the ghost back into its deep cave. Struggling to cap him. 
“I suppose they haven’t told you?” Flicking his head toward the room that Elizabeth had now retreated too.
“No, I suppose they haven’t. So…who are you?”
He paused, and started to circle me. Eyeing me.
“My name is Benjamin Jamison, and those two,” he turned toward the two pale creatures watching us. “Are my traveling companions. That’s Reex, the young lady. And the young man, whom you’ve taught a nice lesson of assumption, is her brother Mylo.”
Benjamin’s circling was making me dizzy. His movements were as if he flew. Around and around me, like I was a work of art that he admired. I was still captivated by the scent of Elizabeth, hanging in the air. I was fighting the ‘natural’ animal, that wanted to hunt her down and empty her of her life’s blood. My body hunched over, like the dead flesh I was, my nails digging into my stony palms. Now they bled, releasing my own scent into the air. 
Talking, answering questions, were least on my mind. But I had to face whatever was coming, let alone try and keep my natural instinct and the ghost from surfacing again.
“What’s happening?” I asked, tired of the many questions, the whole anticipation. Wondering if they truly existed, and now being scrutinized by them.
Benjamin stopped his circling and faced me. “Your learning who and what you are.” 
I wheezed. “I know who I am, I know what I am.” 
“No…you don’t. Perish, you don’t understand what you truly are. And that’s why we are here.” 
“Truly?” I scoffed. “I’m a vampire, there is nothing else I could be!” I turned my attention to Elizabeth. “I smell her blood and I’m losing my grip. What’s happening?”
Benjamin moved closer and slowly placed his heavy hand, again, on my shoulder. He looked into my eyes, and I looked into his white diamonds. My reflection, as if I were looking into the window, seeing that my eyes were violet at that moment. His did not have a trace of a pupil in it, there was only white space, which seemed to express genuine concern.
“I am here to take you to your full potential. I will show you the ways of the Vampire Breed. Ma boy, you have no idea how important you are.” 
As I listened to his voice, the pressure in my chest, began to subside. Slowly my hands released themselves and my jaw relaxed. Benjamin smiled, he pat my shoulder reassuringly. 
He was satisfied, “You’ll be fine.” 
Elizabeth was standing in the doorway now. She’d wathched everything unfold from behind the window. And cautiously waited for the right moment to enter.
“Is he okay? Can I come in now?” She asked, waiting for Benjamin‘s approval.
“I thin-.”
“NO!” I shouted, “No-please. I don’t want her in here. I…I might do something that I don’t want to regret. Please, Elizabeth if your going to say your farewells now, do it from there. I will say to you. Thank you for what you could do for me, and…goodbye.”
Her heart sank, I knew it did. When her body went slightly limp and she turned her back to me. She was hurt, but I couldn’t take the chance. I’d already reacted badly to her, I didn’t want to make anymore mistakes, if she came so close again.
There were too many reasons to kill these humans, who’d created me. I knew I could easily snap their necks, and finally taste what they’ve deprived me of. The only thing that saved them at that moment, was the fact that they were indeed my creators. But that was all.
Elizabeth turned back and looked at the silver haired God, his beautiful youthful companions and the adopted son. 
“Then, can I say something to him, Benjamin?” 
“Of course my dear,” he nodded for her to continue. She slowly stepped forward, than cautiously, I stepped back. Why was she going to tempt me again? She saw how I reacted and she retracted her steps.
“I’m sorry for what you’ve gone through. You are new today. I hardly recognize you,” her voice was forced as she held back the tears that began to well up in her eyes.
“You haven’t fully awakened, I understand. You were like a son to me, but I didn’t treat you as one. I hope you can forgive me, forgive others like me,” She turned and walked back through the door.
I heard her goodbye, and wondered if there was such a thing as, forgiveness for a thing like me. I couldn’t grasp it.
Benjamin and I stood in my room alone. I was weak and confused, still grappling with the transitions I had made in the last few minutes. I heard him telling me to gather a few things. Emphasizing on the clothing I wore, because the scent of mortals was thick in them. 
“It wouldn’t be wise to bring these, because of where we were going,” He said. 
I double checked the things I prepared earlier. Checking and rechecking the pocket of my fresh jeans for the clipping. My body, aching from the fight. There seemed to be slight pain, in every part of my body. 
Some vampire I was. Benjamin knew. Or he seemed to know everything, when he stepped to my side.
“First lesson,” I heard him say. “Although we are, Breed. You must quench your thirst.” And quickly his wrist began to spill red over his white skin. Beautiful. He thrust his wrist to my lips, not knowing what to do with this gift. 
“Drink Perish, let yourself go, allow it. And I will guide you,” he pressed.
Reluctantly, I did as he asked. Imagining the blood flowing. Warm, extinguishing the fire and the pain. So, I closed my eyes and wrapped my fangs around the self made wound. Sucking at it, as it gushed, to the back of my throat. My eyes rolled back. Resisting was unfathomable, I couldn’t if I wanted too. The first taste of immortality. 
If death felt like this all the time, I would gladly embrace it. 
Slowly and gently it covered my tongue. So thick. It was the red elixir that ailed my aching body. Quenched my dry throat, filled my empty stomach and made me feel invincible.
Benjamin knelt down and in my ear, his cool breath brushed against my skin. Causing the hairs on the back on my neck to rise. “You must never drink to the end, take only enough to quench your thirst,” then he pulled away, wrapping it in a red handkerchief. 
Everything that surrounded me, didn’t matter anymore. All things were clearer and sharper. The sounds of beating hearts, the scents of everyone that had come and gone through my room. Eventually, from the thoughts of the visitors came whispered words and pictures. As clear as the doctor and his wife’s were. But I still couldn’t be selective about which ones I wanted to hear. It was still a clambering of voices, fighting to be heard. 
And for a quick instant, I could see the insides of my guardians. Their skeletons and their entrails. Although remarkable, I didn’t understand the rush that it gave me. I was awakened, again. New, without dieing.
“Still a freak of nature,” thought Reex. Her voice loud and clear. 
She was right and I knew that. But this moment was too good to allow her to distract me. 
I Ignored her as I swept up the pack I prepared earlier. Eager to leave this place, and discover what was awaiting me, outside these four walls. Never having to live behind a window, or be watched again. Of course, I held a large amount of resentment towards them. They, who turned me into living stone. I would always have that to remind me. Never to trust a human, they are a vast waste of space. Good for one thing alone. Unbelievable, how I‘d allowed them to string me along as they did. Never again. 
My mind was clear for the first time in a long time. I took my last look at the Doctor, and at Elizabeth. At the room I’d stayed. My coffin with a window. I wasn’t going to miss this place, I would be glad to see it destroyed, if I was allowed a last wish. 
“Good-bye.” 
To it all.
Benjamin smiled, looking down on me. His tall frame an immovable wall. He was my savior, I both admired and feared him, as a child would their father. And he remained that figure in my eyes for a long time. 
I straightened up and faced him, adjusting my pack against my back. 
“Now Perish, are you ready to come home?”
That’s how I remember it.
P.F.
*~*~*~*
Chapter 3- Everything Has A Beginning
Yes everything has a beginning, I guess I can say that this is mine.
I’ve never before understood the want, for others to understand my plight. There has always been the tugging or perhaps the push for me to tell. I understand the consequences.
Rose,
That day will always be in my memories. I never forgot, that Benjamin was the one who’d given me my first taste of fresh blood. It was when I learned, that everything I‘d ever known, was not just behind four stark white walls and a shatter proof window. Or even on the internet or in the newspapers. All of that was brainwashing, for curious mortals. Looking for answers that were always there, but never explained. Reex made that clear. 
She had an accent that seemed to be French when she spoke. Which made it harder for me to dislike her. Her words were spoken beautifully, like…song. But she spat her words about me to Benjamin and Mylo. 
“He trapped himself there as well, you know. What type of Breed would allow such a thing to happen to them without a fight?” 
She continued with more sarcastic and crude comments about my situation. Some mixed with French and English. I felt foolish. But thinking on it though, what she said was technically true. I had the ability to break the door, kill my captures, drink their blood and escape. 
“Egoiste.” She hissed, as she crossed her arms. The way a child would when they were angry. Benjamin told me it meant selfish. 
Selfish…me? No, I wouldn’t say I was selfish. I was ignorant. And to make up for it, I would have to prove myself. Prove, that I didn’t need pity or special treatment. Prove, that I was just like them. 
“Why didn’t I do it?” I questioned myself every moment, since then. Why didn’t I get in touch with my abilities, my true nature and escape? Pride.
Benjamin smirked, “She’s a lot older then she acts, don’t mind her. She’s just being, well…Reex.” The tone of his voice was normalized. I could tell he was trying to make this an easy transition as he made excuses for her.
I nodded, wondering what kind of threat I could possibly be to her, or any of them. 
It was still Benjamin’s blood that pacified me, for the moment keeping the ghost at bay and my mind somewhat clear. It was very much a welcomed relief, to the cold cup of blood given. It did something to me, it gave me an awareness of myself. A starting point to my new life, I suppose. While the other type, plagued me with horrid thoughts. I studied Benjamin, as we exited the box. Starred at him, trying to figure out, why he was not exactly as the others. 
He moved as Reex and Mylo. But his eyes were deeper more…alive. Assuming, he was my kind. Vampire. He was an Immortal. But Immortal, wasn’t what it implied, R. I later learned. I’ll explain what that means soon. It’s a little more complicated than that, what you may be thinking.
Anyhow, after I began to see the flipping pictures of Benjamin’s visions and memories in my head. The painful thoughts from his past. A small glimpse of faces and emotions. It wasn’t what I expected. Then again nothing has been expected. Someday I’ll share with you.
It was time to leave this place. With Benjamin in the lead and Mylo following close behind me. Still ego bent. His thoughts were of the fight, of what he could have done to prove better than me. He didn’t know, that he would have won the fight, if the ghost hadn’t taken me over. He didn’t know it wasn’t me. 
I took another look around the room, saying my good riddance’s to it. I would never see it again, never have too. I was free. So I thought.
Elizabeth took our parting the hardest. She cried for me. Like a mother would her natural child. And like a child I was going to miss her. Odd. 
Reex kept a close eye on us, as we passed through the door. Benjamin and I. There shouldn’t have to be animosity between us. Besides I barely knew the girl. So, I nodded respectfully. She furrowed her eyebrows, and she pushed passed us heading up the stairs that led to my ultimate freedom from the Laboratory. 
They watched for me to react to a mortals, ‘good-byes.’ Something the two younger ones hadn’t experienced. It would be a first for me as well, and not the last. But I kept my distance from Elizabeth, willingly. 
At the top of the steps, was the exit. I turned back for one last look and saw the doctor consoling her the best way he knew how. His cold monotonies voice, a sad attempt at emotion for what she was feeling. I was almost hesitant to leave her behind, but somehow…I knew she wouldn’t survive what I was about to undergo. It would be a death sentence for her and I, may well be the executioner. What did I have to offer her anyway? There was nothing she offered me. Nothing! And so, I did the same. Emotions, were not my strong suit anyway, I denied them. But, I made a promise to myself, to check on her from time to time, and eventually I would make a personal visit. 
She sobbed a while and turned away, too upset to say anything. My heart hardened a little at that moment. It irritated me that she showed that she cared, now that I was leaving, no longer her pet. I couldn’t look at her anymore.
I tugged and loosened the tie, a gift from Elizabeth that I’d never worn. Red like the blood. I could still smell her scent on it, hopefully it wouldn’t be too strong.
I adjusted the back pack again. Containing the Bible and the few fresh cloths I owned. And lastly, rechecking my pocket for the clipping. These were all that mattered to me. I didn’t have much to collect from the box.
Benjamin opened the door, letting the elements pummel me, at once. The whistling of the wind in the trees, howling. Sounds of vehicles driving by and the voices, millions of them. They were the worst. I couldn’t count how many I heard just walking outside the door. There were so many, humming. But I couldn’t make out what they were saying, I didn’t care, it was wonderful, something I would never be able to explain. 
I stopped in front an awaiting black vehicle, feeling the gusts of wind brush against my skin. 
Waiting, was Reex. Standing next to an open door of the car, with the same scowl as when I nodded at her in the stairway. Before she got into the vehicle she turned and glared. Squinting her eyes, so that they appeared as two small slits in a white mask. 
I heard her minds thoughts. “Stupid!” 
It didn’t look to me that she said anything, but she did. She managed to wriggle her way into my thoughts and separate her voice from the rest of the worlds, to tell me that one simple word. 
I wanted to ask her how she did it, but she was already getting into the farthest seat. She didn’t want anything to do with me, and I wasn’t taking any chances. She was fierce. Mylo got in after her, laughing and speaking to her in French, teasing her. They were a lot younger than I, but I felt like the child. I was twenty five years old, I should be treated as an adult, shouldn’t I? 
Ah, the Night. The stars. 
R, I’d never seen the stars or the clouds that were beginning to pop up in the skies. And the smell of rain. So sweet. The constellations, Rose! The signs of astrology. The north star, lost travelers would look to for guidance. I memorized every one of them at that very moment, so that we could see them together. There was a grace to their mysteriousness. Hanging in the blue black sky. Like the eyes I’d always recognized hidden behind my own darkness. Undiscovered. 
Everything had its own specific scent. The air alone had a strange mix of burning chemicals, blood and sweet smells. It stung my senses and my throat. Benjamin, reminded me that it wasn’t necessary to breath these smells in if it became bothersome. Eventually, I stopped altogether. Only inhaling time to time to taste the scents.
“Are you okay?” Benjamin asked, he was watching me. I thought I was rid of that. It would be an irritant to have someone watching your every move wouldn’t it, R? 
“Yes. It’s strange being…here. That’s all,” I explained.
“I understand, it’s new to you, but we must depart before the sun rises. Some of us are quite sensitive. Any questions, I‘ll be happy to answer. When we arrive,” and he got into the car too. I followed, moving across the seat toward the window. Benjamin knocked on the roof of the car and the engine started up. Vibrating through me and lurching forward. It was driven by another larger pale being, who never turned around only starred out the dark windows. I watched, as we drove passed hundreds of mortals. Passed store fronts and homes, built upon each other. Accelerating, until it was nothing more then a blur. Lights turned into lines and trees turned into giants. 
The rain finally broke free. Each drop striking the wind shield with enormous reverberation. With every droplet that collided with the glass, a blast of color. I could see them. Leaving their trails behind them as the pressure pushed them out of view. 
R, the next time you see rain, look at it a little closer and imagine what I have described.
It filled the streets and the sky. Making it barely visible, it was blinding. I glanced around at the others, wondering if they saw what I did. There was only silence, while they stare out at them. I would not question them and break it. Instead, I looked at my reflection, wondering how I was supposed to live in a world where everything was new. 
The feel of thick animosity was lingering inside the car. Mylo was still bitter. If he wasn’t starring out the window he was glaring at me when I was. But I kept myself from asking him why? I might have said something to restart what Mylo and I hadn’t finished. As for the girl. I wanted to sink my teeth into her, and not in a good way.
The welcome, besides Benjamin’s was less then civilized. Unwelcomed by these two, anticipating a rude welcome when I got to my new destination. Assuming there would be others, who agreed with them. Leaning my head against the headrest, I remembered the clipping, her crumpled image inside my pocket.
Silently I asked her, “What do you think will happen?” Whatever the answer was. I had all I could take in lessons. The day’s events were exhausting, and the rush of it nearly sucked most of the energy, Benjamin’s blood gave me.
The driver announced in a low droning voice, that the destination was close and we would pull into the gates shortly. This awakened my anxiety. Keeping my eyes forward, out the front window, remembering any landmarks. If things didn’t go as smooth as expected. I wanted to know where I was going. 
“There is nothing to fear, you are here to learn. Educate yourself and about the breeds.” It sounded as if he knew what I was feeling. Like he knew what I was thinking. Maybe the anxiousness I was feeling was a lot more obvious then I thought.
Soon we drove into a massive courtyard. Through the fog I hadn’t realized how far into the hills we had gone. Several torches lit up a large gravel path, leading to the entrance of what looked to be a mansion. Surrounded by the tall trees also shrouded in fog. The rain stopped and transformed into a soft drizzle. Benjamin’s expression seemed to answer my question as he was the first to get out. Reex followed with a sharp glance over her shoulder, especially sour this time. I was beginning to hate that little girl.
Slightly irritated, I made my way behind the group. Looking back at the fog and drizzle. At the grey sky, before entering the doors of the mansion. I could feel an unexplainable amount of supremacy surging through me, it was almost too much to bare. I heard the familiar snicker of Reex, and saw Benjamin whispering a few words to her as she slumped away toward the entrance of the castle, slamming the door behind her. Mylo shook his head disapprovingly, and followed her inside. 
“Welcome to your new home, Castle Liberté, Freedom, she had a lot to teach you.”
He pulled on the heavy steel door knob, heavily bolted to two colossal wooden doors marked with a unicorn and dragon on each side. I thought how Reex could have slammed it so hard. It must take four men to pull it open and she was a small girl. Benjamin motioned for me to follow then disappeared through the doors. 
The entrance of the hall was bigger than any room I‘d been in. Never in my entire existence had I seen anything like this. When I finally entered, I stopped, seeing that on either side of the foyer, there were two flights of stairs and like wings they rose to the sun. An enormous crystal chandelier. 
Yes, I stood in awe and gawked at its magnificence. It was too much to take in and it was only the foyer of the castle. Benjamin kept his pace, allowing me take it all in. Everything was covered in red, dark purple and gold. Large windows which seemed to be in every room we passed. Most were covered in long heavy drapes. And others were closed up, with wooded plantation blinds. This would explain the overabundance in candle light. I could see perfectly clear in the dark. The candle light was unnecessary. It must have been needed by someone. 
I got used to the castle quickly. Just walking through the halls, I knew this was were I needed to be. As we walked passed other rooms. The ones with there doors open, they seemed to have an occupant. Either sitting, standing, or reading. Some had music coming from them. I found myself hypnotized by it. There, a specific room was occupied by a young man who sat in a high back, overstuffed chair. Only making out his silver white hair, exactly like Benjamin’s. 
The music was one of chanting. More words that I didn’t understand. Words without the aid of violin, piano or any instrument for that matter. The voices came together, and made the music. It pierced me deep. And knew that their chants, were their prayers. I closed my eyes and felt the vibration of the voices and wished that I could understand what they prayed. As if they had the answer to a question, I didn’t know I wanted to ask. 
“It’s Latin.” 
My eyes flew open. The face of an angel. His silver hair was shorter then Benjamin’s, but still pulled back and tied with a black ribbon. It wasn’t the neat style as I’d seen with Benjamin. With this new face, I didn’t have to hide from him. He wasn’t as perfect as the other two I’d already met, Reex and Mylo. Even Benjamin was intimidatingly perfect. 
“What?” I asked him, still stunned at how much he looked, as I’d imagined an angel should look. Tall and slender, toned and familiar white eyes and amazingly human. 
“It’s Latin their chanting. Actually, it’s the Gregorian Monks chanting in Latin. Gloria in Excelsis.”
“Oh.” 
Once again my ignorance was showing and brighter than ever. He laughed, thrusting his hand out toward me.
“Sebastian Kidro. You’re new too?”
Nodding I was relieved. I wasn’t the only one who was new here. I placed my hand into his. He was warm to the touch. Was he Mortal? He couldn’t be, he was like Benjamin. 
“Perish Falconridge.” We shook hands. “Your hand is…warm?”
Sebastian and Benjamin began to laugh. Embarrassed, I snatched my hand out of his. If he was mortal, I was determined to keep the vow I made to myself, as far as friendships with them, goes. Benjamin held up his hands to me, waving the laughter away.
“No, no, no Perish we are not mortal. We are, Immortal,” he said it slowly. 
Was he insulting me? Saying it slowly ,as you would to someone who was stupid. My teeth clenched. Flexing my jaw as my temper rose and the ghost, knocked at my internal door. Sebastian lifted his hand to my shoulder, his laughing quieted as he looked at me, smiling apologetically.
“I’m sorry Perish, it’s a bad joke. Don’t let our friendship begin on a sour note.” 
I took his words in, and quieted the ghost as best as I could. 
“Then, what is an Immortal?” I asked.
Benjamin stood next to Sebastian as we spoke in the doorway, the three of us. Benjamin explaining, that they were closer to the mortals because they shared the bond of mother and father. Born into the world, through conception. They are of the Fallen angles, the ones that followed Lucifer. When they were upon the earth, they found mates and bred amongst the humans. Creating the Immortal Breed. 
“It’s more complicated then it sounds,” said Sebastian, as he turned and sat back in the chair hanging his legs over the armrests. I guess our conversation was over. 
“He’s a blueblood,” whispered Benjamin, “he lives a lavish life, but has the manners of a gorilla.” 
We continued to walk the halls, and pass more open doors and more music. They were all seemingly normal as normal was to me. They weren’t what normal would be to someone like you. They were exactly like me, pale skin and ghostly eyes, horrifically beautiful and in every sex and size. Amongst some of them, I was sure there were mortals slowly moving in and out of the rooms. Straightening and dusting. Or standing in odd places. I knew, I smelled them. But I didn’t see them at first. Perhaps because they didn’t smell like fear. 
Some were oddly placed outside of the rooms, with eyes pointed to the floor…waiting. I questioned Benjamin, after we must have past several rooms with occupants, whom he called, house mates or assistants. 
“The house mates are here to serve you, they are mortal. And they are not allowed to be fed on,” he seemed amused with his own voice. 
“Mortals? Here? I don’t understand?” The question wasn’t necessarily meant to be answered, I was asking myself, really. Benjamin must have felt the need to explain as much as he could to me, about my new surroundings. A small pang of uneasiness, quickly swept through me. I brushed it off, as little more then nerves. Then in his explanation, he stopped in front of one of the many opened doors. Almost identical to the front door. This, was the only one with the dragon branded on it and one of the better sized rooms, compared to the ones we passed earlier. Even bigger then Sebastian’s. Instinctively, I looked into the room and saw a slight young woman dressed entirely in black, with exception to her red sneakers. She was rushing through the candlelit room, fluffing cushions and dusting away invisible cobwebs, from the thick drapes. What else could she possibly be cleaning? From what I could see, the room was spotless. 
“She’s been a great help in preparing for your stay. This…” pointing in the room in the direction of the zig zagging girl. “This is your room,” he explained.
The young girl stopped what she was doing, turning toward us. Folded her hands in front of her. Bowing her head, as I’d seen before. Like the others in the hall. Almost mechanically, at first. It made me uneasy, to see her respect us in this way. Then the thought of what I just left behind, came rushing back to me. This mortal wasn’t any better then the rest of them. 
There is no glass partition here, I thought. This is my new home. Mine! I took a step forward. Entering my room. Looking around, taking it in. Making an effort not to walk into the frozen girl. Walking past her, I could hear her energy. Beating. Fast and hard. It took me by surprise. The loud drumming, the smell of her blood. It made my throat ache.
Of course I’d heard heartbeats and energy before. Mostly Elizabeth’s and the Doctor. But this was the first time I‘d heard anyone else’s. Everything was screaming at me. Every artery, every valve, every blood cell. Pumping in and out of the muscle. I could almost see it pumping in her chest cavity, almost taste it.
I took a step back to get a better look at the girl. Wanting to know if I could actually see through her. Upon getting closer, I noticed her entire body emanating an unexplainable misty color of light. A kind of bright royal blue. And when I stepped closer. I saw that she stiffened and coward a little. She was afraid. Even if I wasn’t going to hurt her. I was only curious, but I could see she wasn’t exactly comfortable with me being in such close proximity. 
With the strong scent of blood and her beating fearful heart, I wasn’t so sure I wanted to get any closer to her either. I stepped back, but kept an eye on her, squinting, examining the situation. Benjamin, didn’t stop me from taking a closer look. He allowed me to unfold my own self discoveries, as they happened at that very moment. I circled her, inhaling the air around her. I don’t know why I did that, inhaled, I mean. It was animalistic. But her scent was so strong. Eventually, Benjamin stepped in between us. Whispering something to the girl in a low voice. She looked at me, confused then went about cleaning and arranging whatever she could find out of place, and staying out of my sight. 
“Well Perish, what did you learn, what did you see?” He asked, with a Cheshire cat grin. I got the feeling, that he was very eager to know, how I went about my existence, before he rescued me.
“Learn?” 
Actually, I hadn’t learned anything, except that mortals gave off strange mists. Scents, that were just a fraction stronger, at least this girls were. And I could almost see through them. Not to mention, that on the way here I saw the rain change colors.
“I’m not quit sure,” I muttered and continued to tell him, “I heard her heart so vividly and when I looked closer she-” I was going to sound like a mad cooped up vampire. “It seemed that she was glowing…a blue mist. And I could see her. Internally.” 
Benjamin’s eyes grew large, and his grin grew wider. He grabbed my shoulders and roared a loud guffaw. I was confused. But, Benjamin was pleased at what I’d just explained to him. He almost jumped for joy. He sat down, in the nearest overstuffed chair, too excited to sit completely in it, fidgeting with his hands.
“You see ma boy, it’s beginning. As soon as you stepped foot into the castle, you into Freedom. You began to change, and your nature emerged,” he clapped his hands and gave another loud guffaw. He was like a kid, that just got the present of a lifetime, and I was that gift. 
Great.
“You’re abilities will continue to show themselves. Give it time,” he explained, gripping his hands together, intertwining them as he leapt from the chair and began pacing the room. Deep in thought and muttering to himself about heart beats and aura’s and what he would tell ‘The Society’.
I noticed the girl, standing next to the door. Waiting for him, to tell her what to do next. I suppose. Benjamin was still mumbling, eventually snapping out of it and saw the girl too. He shook his head, as if trying to bring himself back to reality, then turned to me.
“Oh dear. How could I be so rude?” Placing his hand behind the girls back, gently nudging her in my direction. 
What is he doing? If she gets to close, I might kill this little girl.
“This is Evie. She is your personal assistant. Anything you need she can help you attain,” Evie bowed her head. I couldn’t help but sneer at her. Assistant, he called her. My, mortal assistant. I liked the sound of it. Finally, things were coming full circle. 
“Evie,” he continued. “Treat Perish with the utmost respect, that I know you will. He’s very special to us,” he explained to her. Then told her, he would come to check on me in the morning. Finally, before he turned to leave he told me, I should explore the castles halls. So long as Evie would shadow me. 
“It will help you to familiarize yourself with your new home. Evie introduce him to the other assistance, so they can be familiar with him too.”
I would have liked to rest and reflect on all that has happened. But it was important that I knew where I was and become somewhat acquainted with Evie. 
Benjamin was long gone, disappeared, leaving the girl and I to the silence of the room. She tiptoed around my room. Poking at the burning embers, until the flames arose again. I dropped my backpack onto the ground, she swept it up before I could stop her. Hanging it up on a coat rack, hidden behind the door. 
“Thanks?” I grumbled. 
The fire was sufficient enough. It lit up the room, and the details that I missed when I first walked in. In the middle of room, next to the fire. There was a high backed overstuffed chair. Similar to the one Sebastian sat in. The only difference, was that it was bright red with gold arm rests. A little more extravagant, for my taste, but none the less inviting. Lining the mantle of the fireplace, were about twenty vials. Upon taking a closer look, I realized that they were filled with, what looked like blood. In all shapes and sizes, corked. 
It was a macabre sort of thing, to have decorate a room. Displayed like trophies. What sort of being would decorate a mantle with blood? It was an unspoken recognition of the past. I turned away, ignoring the way it bothered me to see these prizes. I stretched my arms Annoyed, that I was annoyed at all. Hoping, the awkward feeling would disappear, with the releasing of my tension. It was the only thing I could to do. With my head back and arms elevated, resting on the back of the chair. Drizzle lightly fell onto the skylight above. I hadn’t noticed before, that there was one. And thought to ask Evie about it later. In the mean time, I soaked it in. Tilting my head to listen to the subtle sound of the drops hitting the glass. As they did on the way here. I dropped my arms to my side.
From the corner of my eye something caught my attention. On the walls, hung the skulls of different species. In a small glass display case. Directly under those skulls, hanging were those of mortal bones. Displayed like the vials of blood. Trophies of all shapes and sizes and distorted. I counted six in all. Smiling, permanently. 
The first, the largest. Resembled a monkey. With a thick brow and wide holes where the nostrils would have been. It’s teeth were missing, except the canines. Elongated and pointed, like mine. Inadvertently, I ran my tongue over my own. A flicker of pride, I belonged. As a matter of fact, with closer inspection. They all had them. The extension of the teeth. I saw only a slight difference between them. The number of fangs and the size.
The last two skulls. Sitting on the first row, had two added fangs next to the common canines. It seemed they were evolving. And soon found myself completely immersed in the small history of the Vampire. Underneath each of the skulls, were small yellowed papers with numbers and names, hand written in script:
Unknown, Ethiopia, 3.2 million YA BCE
Adara, Jerusalem, The Essenes, 150 BCE
Claudius, Constantinople, 602 
Gerard, England, 1296
Philip, England 1407 
Cassandra, Americas, 1830
I didn’t know then, why they were there. Why they were displayed. How was I suppose to look at them without feeling pride or feeling awkward. But somehow I knew them, I knew Cassandra and Gerard. I connected with them without knowing them. I felt their energy. Knew they were looking at me through time, pulling me into their world. They were casting a spell on me as they silently kept watch on me. Their black empty sockets. I couldn’t gather the energy to move from their stare. 
It wasn’t exactly a trance. More like a tugging at my thoughts. As if they were trying to tell me something. I hadn’t consider myself crazy, R. But I thought I heard their voices. Apart from Evie’s and the others at Freedom. The pull was magnetic. I stepped closer to the glass, nearly bumping into it. Trying to make out what the low incoherent murmur, was saying. 
“What are you doing?”
I didn’t move. I knew she was watching me, while I must have looked like a complete fool. 
“Hmm? You said something?” I asked. 
Embaressed.
I was able to loosen the unexplainable grasp, the skulls had on me. And stood up, discovering that I towered over the bird like, Evie. Getting a better look at her. 
She stood to my shoulder. Very thin and pale. As if she’d never seen the sun. 
She asked again, “What were you doing?” Quickly looking away. She adjusted a sweater that she was wearing over her dark clothes. She was still uncomfortable in my presence. It’s to be expected.
“Why?” I snapped.
The startling tone in my voice, shook even me. From the corner of my eye, I saw her take a small step away from me. The fact that I was still here. With her, in my space, was a miracle. I hadn’t killed her yet. I wasn’t supposed too. I wasn’t allowed too. Humans had not proven anything to me, except what I already knew.
“You looked strange…that’s all.”
“Did I? And you look at me with the fear of what I was doing? And not what I am?” 
She was confused now. Good. I didn’t want any attachments. I would never be able to coexist with her. As an assistant or anything else. I wasn’t ready for this leap. But she stood her ground. Hard headed girl.
“Are we going to tour the castle?” She asked with all her confidence. Nose pointed in the air. Straightening her posture. I smiled a sideways smile at her. 
Touché. Motioning for her to go ahead. While I followed behind. Taking extra precautions with the distance between us. 
Even though the large tapestries covered a lot of the stone walls and smaller peep hole windows. They were drafty, the halls I mean. The wind still crept through in howls and whistles. Mounted every four or five feet, candles lined the walls. The flames flickering as the breeze threatened to put them out. They caused Evie’s shadow to bounce around us. 
Long legged transparent things, using the same motions and taking the same steps as she. They were more entertaining then the walls of the halls. There wasn’t much to see. More stone on stone and the occasional mortal or unknown breed roaming the halls. I was  beginning to see, that I was the strange one here. That’s the impression I was getting when anyone would pass us. Evie didn’t bother to introduce me to any of them. Acknowledging them with a nod, that was it. I didn’t care really. I’d rather keep my distance. Not forced to be. 
Anyhow, the castle consisted of more then one hall. There were different veins, all eventually leading to the main foyer. To more smaller rooms and more doors and more occupants. This was more of a chore than a tour for Evie. She didn’t say a word to me but her thoughts were busy. As were mine. I tried without results, to clear the voices that were coming at me. Hear, what she may be thinking. But all I could make out were her foot steps. Lightly pattering against the stone floor. Stumbling from time to time. We’d inadvertently switched places. Now, she followed behind me. Every now and then, I glanced back at her. Making sure she wasn’t too far behind. And that the space between us, was still safe. She looked away quickly. Her heart skipping a beat and the heat of her body rising.
“That’s new,” I said aloud.
It was new. Discovering how much better I could hear the energies. And the heartbeats of mortals. See the auras of these beings and now…felt their temperatures that trailed behind them. It was, well for lack of a better word, weird. 
There wasn’t an overwhelming urge to kill her, thanks to Benjamin. But there was still a tugging. I didn’t need to feed right now. I was more curious as to why she chose, or was picked to live here. Serve the likes of my kind. Was this  free will? It was common to see humans here. A mutual understanding, even before I came to be. But whether it was my history with Elizabeth or pity. I don’t think I could bring myself to feed on her. She was innocent. So to speak. In other words, she hadn’t done anything wrongful toward me. 
“Do you have a question, I can help you with? Your making that face again,” she chirped.
I hadn’t expected her to speak at all. Her voice wasn’t what I’d expected either, very confident. 
“Hmm? No. I was speaking to myself,” unsure if I should ask her why she chose to stay here, and what brought her here. I still didn’t understand the dynamics between the mortals and the castles occupants. I hadn’t been here long and wanted to avoid making any enemies. If it was possible. I slowed my pace. Maybe she would catch up. 
This was uncomfortable for her. I could tell. Her temperature rose a little more. Instead she walked passed me, making sure to keep the little distance between us. I hadn’t made an attempt to be friendly, not since we met. So, in my friendliest tone I decided to have a civil conversation with her. A surprise to me, it came naturally.
“How old are you?” I said abruptly. Startling her.
“Eighteen…and a half,” she mumbled.
“Really? Your just a child.” 
Heartbeats. 
“I’m old enough…you know. I’ve been taking care of myself for as long as I could remember!” 
This wasn’t the way I wanted to start a conversation. I offended her. And her emotions were triggering things I couldn’t explain. Coming at me, in waves and echoes. Before they were spoken aloud. They where almost physically becoming a part of me. As if she were nourishing a hunger, that I’d never knew existed. Continuing with the conversation, allowing her story to awaken any dormant abilities that might surface inside. Perhaps test their boundaries. If there were any.
Making an attempt to rectify what I‘d almost destroyed. I apologized. “I didn’t mean to insult you. Its just…how did you come to the castle, and why with…why?” 
The word, Breed, wasn’t a word I had fully grasped yet. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to be identified as such a thing.
“Benjamin…” she began, with some hesitation. 
We came to a fork in our tour. She double checking the walkway and eventually decided to go left. She knew the way and merely allowed me to walk freely as we switched leads. Correcting any directional error, was the only time we walked next to each other. The tunnels were never ending. 
I recognized that the thoughts came as rapidly flipping pictures. Evie, unknowingly shared with me, the faces and the pain they caused her. It happens, just not all the time. The clearness of ones mind. Hers came easily. It must have been, that we made our way farther into the castle. Where the voices couldn’t reach me. Whatever the reason, I relished in it. It was welcomed. 
“Benjamin…found me as a child. My parents were homeless and eventually became drug addicts. My mother sold her body as a means to feed us, and their insatiable need for drugs.” 
Her story poured out of her, like she‘d been holding it in for a lifetime. Waiting for the right someone to listen. It wasn’t a story, that I hadn’t heard before. I’d seen many faces before of drug addicts. The way they felt and how they gave up their dignity, their families. When I drank their the blood from the cup.
It didn’t seem to bother her, that she was telling her story to someone she just met.
Especially to me.
“One morning the only face I woke up to, was Benjamin’s. I was six and my parents, sold me to him for their fucking habit! He saved me and I‘ve been here ever since.” 
Everything she said corresponded with the images that I saw. One thing confused me. I didn’t see Benjamin in any of her thoughts. I wasn’t going to linger on it too much, until I needed to. But Evie, seemed genuinely thankful to Benjamin, and I wasn’t going to press the issue anymore. I stepped in front of her, stopping her in her stride. She jumped back and her cheeks flushed pink.
“Why do you think Benjamin has brought me here?” I asked, bracing for the barrage of flipping ‘photos’, to stop as she searched for an explanation. 
Then unexpectedly, my own face flipped through her thoughts. That’s disturbing. What’s going on? Is she thinking…of me!? 
In only a few hours. She was getting a school girl crush. She had come up with an answer. Accompanied by an endless supply of my face flowing through her thoughts. It seemed, she’d kept close tabs on the things I did in just the few minutes.
Sighing, I moved from her. Realizing, I was going to have to be more tactful with her. She was a child in my eyes, easily captivated. And still, she hadn’t answered my question. She wouldn’t know the answer anyway.
“Well?” Your ridiculous, “What do you think?” Evie could barely move, she had this image of me and the…possibilities. 
Seduction. The first thing I really mastered. I could do with ease. I was the new guy in the castle. And quite the mystery. I was easily a subject to many of the young girls, from the time I walked into this building. Evie, was not an exception.
“Um…well…I don’t know. Benjamin has saved many of the mortals that are here. Different breeds as well. But…” She looked up and for the first time looking me in the eye. More faces crossed her thoughts. Residence of the castle that I haven’t met yet. “You are very important to him. Special. What he wants with you, is probably what he wants from the others as well.”
“And what does he want from the others?” 
“He wants them to learn and to expand their abilities. Create an inevitable bond with the mortals.”
“A bond? With mortals? He’s already achieved that hasn’t he? I mean you’re here, and there are others.”
“Benjamin wants the humans and the breeds to live in peace. He mentions the Prophecy more then he ought. Sometimes about treaties too,” she paused, as if she wanted to say more. I could see her thoughts were starting to close up and turn black.
“But?” I asked.
“I don’t mean to talk about someone who’s done everything for me. But Benjamin, hasn’t been himself lately. He’s seems different. Anyway. I have a home, and get to live a life most mortals only dream of.” 
I curled my lip with disgust. Tilting my head quizzically. Was living a life among killers, a life a mortal wanted? I thought.
“Really? Is that what they want? Is that what you want?” 
She didn’t have an honest answer. As far as I could see. She simply shrugged her shoulders.
“Humph. I don’t understand at all.” 
I was disappointed in a sense, as we continued walking through the halls now turning into the tunnel. The rest of the time was spent in silence. It was like waking with a living picture album. My own image flipping through her mind over and over again. To ease it, I recalled that she said she noticed Benjamin wasn’t himself. Exactly how he wasn’t. I hadn’t been here long enough, to assess him myself. I still didn’t know him well enough, but I would keep it in mind.
I’d memorized the halls with one pass, thanks to her. I could have brought myself back to my room. Without her help. Or the help of her exaggerated thoughts. I would have to ask Benjamin how I could turn it off or at least be selective about what I wanted to see and hear. Especially with her. And would this happen all the time?
It was early morning when we returned. The sun was sprinkling the plush red carpets. Although I didn’t sleep, I still needed rest. Recharging. Conveniently, there was a four post bed. Accessorized, unnecessarily, with an overstuffed comforter and pillows. Another extravagance, that I didn’t much care for. I’d rather rest in the chair or on the floor. Thick drapes hung from the ceiling, entirely covering the windows. The same when I arrived. There were four of them. Windows. Side by side and two on each side of a marble fireplace.
A fire would be lovely to watch, as I gathered my thoughts. This is another misplaced myth, R.
Vampires not liking fire. I love a good fire, it always helped me clear my mind.
I would have to ask Evie to start one later.
At the other end of the room, against the wall, was a wardrobe. Leaning against it, a full length mirror, oddly facing the window. 
Before she left, Evie explained that there was a private room with books, if I wished to be completely alone. 
‘The Shadow Room.’ She called it. That sounded like the place I wanted to be at this moment. Retrieving the back pack packed with very little of my personal belongings, from the floor. I hesitated, wondering if I should open it all. Was it a bad thing? Something to always remind me of what I’d just been plucked from?
That is all for tonight, Rest,
P.F.
Dear Unbeliever,
I hope all is well with you and your families. While writing these letters, I wonder who you have shared them with? Are you sharing them? If so, I ask that you respect what I have written you, and keep them amongst yourselves. For what I write, can easily be misconstrued as the writings of a mad man and a traitor. With that said, I do thank you for allowing me to use you as an outlet to my frustrations. Thank you again.
I’ll continue;
The girl from the clipping was always flickering like a candle, in my thoughts. I wanted to see her and disturbingly…I missed her. 
Once again, I was sounding like a cooped up Vampire. In my back pocket, I pulled out the mangled piece of paper. 
She still had the smile, I found refreshing. But there was an unexplainable high pitched ringing, that always crept in, as I thought of her.
Finally making up my mind, I bought my pack to were Evie said the Shadow Room would be. Behind the door, under the cover of the shadow it cast on the wall, it was dark. With a few candles lighting the room. For Evie’s sake, I presumed. 
The muffled buzz of the zipper, was exaggerated and loud, in the small room. I didn’t want to disturb the silence. And carefully reached into the pack and pulled out the dog eared copy the Bible. Placing it on the book shelf, with the others that were meticulously kept free of cob webs. 
The day had been a long one. There was so much to understand and take in. Leaving the back pack on the floor. I took my place in the overstuffed high back chair, in the middle of the room. The clipping clutched in my hand. There was always some misunderstand that crept its way into my mind when I saw her. 
How could she smile, despite her loss? Why was I missing her, when I hadn’t met her? Awkwardly, knowing that we knew each other? This evening, my mind wasn’t clear. I wasn’t  exactly used to the freedom, the mortals, Benjamin, the enhanced abilities and then wondering what, she, would be doing this morning. I closed my eyes to rest, concentrating on the mornings new sounds. Absorbing it. 
That was a year ago. 
And so, my friend I must keep this letter short as I have not entirely wrapped my mind around exactly what I am doing. I should not keep you waiting for the next letter. Forgive me. 
The thoughts in my head are becoming jumbles of words that will not form properly into sentence. Once again, forgive me. I will write when all is well.
P.S.
I have written to you, because I heard your thoughts and you questions to why I write you. I chose you because you wondered. You asked what else there is to this world. The questions that I ask myself. You could call it coincidence, fate or accident. Do not be afraid of the things that are written. Be humbled and grateful, that you are one of two, who know of these things that I write. The second has not received any letters, I only write them as if they had. Anyhow, I will consider inquires.
Till next time.
P.F.
Chapter 4-It’s Blurry
Dear R,
Since living at Freedom, I’ve learned more about myself then I cared to know. Everything was a blur. Most of the questions that were asked, were being answered. 
Benjamin became a surrogate father to the ones that lived here and looked for refuge. Benjamin’s plan for peace was still blurry to me. He’d mention it to Sebastian and I, the two he took under his own tutelage. Explaining what it would be like, to have what once existed. 
Peace, between the mortals and the breeds. But it was never elaborated on. And when we asked more questions he said, “Being a Head of ‘The Society’, he wasn’t permitted to say very much. Only that, we are to fulfill our duties to strengthen our breeds.” Whatever that meant. 
The day came, when that duty, was explained a little differently. Benjamin instructed Evie and the other human servants, to dress us in our best clothing, because we were to have ‘guests.’ I tried to ask Evie, but she completely shut me out. And did as she was told. I watched her, refusing to look me in the eye and struggled to keep her thoughts bottled up. I wouldn’t bother then. I was going to have to wait and see what Benjamin had planned. 
At this time. I was still new to custom here. I didn’t know the exact facts, of procreation between the breeds. I knew of the effects of a bite. Not personally acted on myself. The mingling of the bodily fluids, creating the virus within. But as far as creating through a more traditional means, Benjamin failed to educate. Perhaps, he was holding out for the moment. Waiting for us to experience it on our own. As vampire stories go. It is all romance and seduction. But I had no need to seduce or romance anyone or anything at this point. I was perfectly content being alone. As for my choice companion, Sebastian, in particular. He seemed to relish in the possibilities of being with a woman.
Sebastian, was a brother to me. Immortal as Benjamin was. I promised I would explain and so I will.
R, the Breeds are a combination of creatures and beings. From myths and stories.
Mainly, Vampires, Werewolves, Witches and Immortals.
What is the difference between Immortal and a Vampire? Immortals are the offspring of ‘Fallen Angels’ and the human race. Can that be done? I’m guessing it’s possible. That would explain the existence of Benjamin or Sebastian. 
Yes, there is the linage. The Immortal blood, skipping a generation. Which in Sebastian’s case, is what happened. He has two sisters, and neither one of them are Immortal and neither of them show signs of any abilities. 
When Sebastian was a child. He began to develop faster. Noticing that he had strange visions, strange capabilities, that his sisters did not. He wasn’t normal. It was even worse, when he grew to be a teenager. Very much like the humans. Except immortals, lived and grew but never aged. Mortals lived their lives until it was their time to die. And yes, they do die. Immortal, is not really living forever, it’s living until your time is up. It could be two-hundred, three-hundred, even two thousand years. But in the end, Immortals do die. As do Vampires. In Sebastian’s case, he was merely two hundred years old. Considered young in ‘The Society’ circle.
But I digress.
R, I still had the blackouts and the Ghost still took me over when it pleased. With more research, Benjamin said it was just as Elizabeth explained before. A side effect of the transfusions, that were given when I was born. Whether the side effect included hallucinations, wasn’t known. 
What I’m saying is, I think I’m slightly insane. I’ve tried to come up with a rational explanation myself. Learning more about myself. When I did, the Ghost inside was usually triggered. 
One night, when all seemed normal. I was twenty-six then. An unseen realm was shown to me, through my minds eye. I walked through the gardens of Freedom. Looked over the city. The moon was full, making the shadows longer. But even with all of my abilities. With the things that existed behind the doors of Freedom. I saw something that none of the others had. 
R, it came to me, when I saw the shadows shifting and deforming into strange shapes, with claws and fangs larger than my own. They did not approach me. Only watched while keeping their distance, waiting. 
I told this to Benjamin, but his reaction was almost as if he expected it. Telling me that its something that all Vampires experience. Yet when I questioned, others at the castle they had not experienced it at all. From then on I kept it to myself, whenever I saw the shadows. Only telling you.
Are Vampires considered demons, R? 
Ever since the dawning of time. Hell, I see myself as one. But I’ve never heard of anything like myself seeing anything remotely demonic, expect for the occasional possession. Besides the physical, witches, werewolves. Anything spiritual, had an explanation. But when the ghost takes me over, I am thrown into this spiritual realm. At first, it wasn’t prominent enough to say it was anything but a blackout. But over the year, it’s clear through what I see. That there is something…spiritual among the mortals, the paranormal and the supernatural. The breeds are a physical being, while ghosts and spirits do exist. Both demonic and the angelic, which are kept at arms length. I’m sorry if I’m frightening you with this. Someone must know. We, the breeds, are merely the physical manifestation of the spiritual world. 
I must rest now R.
Good Night and sleep well,
P.F.
*~*~*~*
To my curious R,
I am profoundly sorry. I know that the letters have stopped abruptly, but only because I have been through a great deal. Again I am sorry, and hope I haven’t caused you any anxiety. Let me explain what has happened in these days.
When I first saw it. The ghost came through as it always had, mean and evil, destructive. I had become accustomed to it. 
It was the end of the year, the holidays. Mortals celebrating the birth of Jesus Christ, together.
Many good wishes to you by the way. 
The spiritual energy must have been stronger, during these days. The Ghost was almost too strong for me to control at times. I hadn’t left the safety of Freedom, in this year. I stayed in, afraid of what I might do, to any mortal that would pass me. I was still very new to the smells, the constant thoughts that passed through their minds. And their voices. I wasn’t strong enough to withstand them. I was afraid. 
Freedom, I discovered, is located on top of Mt. Davidson. The very center of San Francisco. Strategically, perfect to keep watch on the ones below. A three hundred and sixty degree view. Hidden amongst the trees and fog. We were perched on high, like the Gods of the Greek myths, watching from Olympus. But I didn’t consider myself a God. It was an insult to think that I, myself would even be considered as great and forgiving as He. But I heard their prayers their talking, their crying. Begging for answers to the thousands of other questions, that they thought no one could hear. They came to me. All day. By then I could tune them out better then I could before. Sometimes. Sometimes, they were too loud, and the ghost would surface.
On the night of Christmas Eve, I lay in my bed and listened to the prayers of the children. Tell Santa Clause not to forget. Curious, the way children’s voices effected me. Soothing as well as disturbing. Always sincere in their prayers, innocents. But something about them frightened me. If any Breed came across a child. We would not be able to hide from them. Understand, that children could always see us, and so see many of the unknown of this world. So, they were off limits to feeding and turnings. I appreciated them in some ways. There were times, when their voices kept the ghost calm. But tonight, their voices quieted early. Most of them were already asleep, waiting for the morning.
Their dreams were much louder then usual, as I tried to find a mid ground. Still the ghost was knocking down my walls. It’s growl, wailed and rattled inside my mind, pushing my control aside. Of course as I always do, I gave into him. Clutching the bed for support. It was a painful battle within. Usually, I knew he was completely in control, when my perfect sight went from what I was used to. To twenty times better. I could see the in between. The realm. It was during this time. The first time I’d fully seen a demon and the first time I’d fully seen an angel. When I understood, my existence was trumped by the things that went on in the spiritual world. Indeed every man, woman and child that walked the earth, was a pawn in a bigger game.
I was thrown into this realm. Anyhow, I knew something wasn’t right when I saw a blackening sky. A swarm of bees. Both the light and the dark, together. Shadows with solid black wings stretched wide. This was what a demon must be. Grossly disfigured and monstrous. Figures of humanoids dressed in white military fatigues of every era, with wings, Angels. Beautiful and brilliant. As far as the eye could see. It seemed there was one in every corner of the city and more appearing. Demons, were doubled the amount of Angels. 
They slithered, they crawled, they walked upright on human legs. Transforming and shifting into animals. Even mimicking those of the Breed. All the while, the angels hovered and allowed them to be as they were. All had a job to do, they all had their orders. 
I watched as the shadows danced on the walls in my room. Turning into something, even more frightful then myself. 
Then I heard from all around. Heard a small chimed voice in my thoughts. Explaining what I was witnessing. As a light came from above and touched the dusty earth.
The light told me that angles, regulate a certain amount of destruction on the humans realm. While in the spiritual realm, the angels and demons dwelled, awaiting orders from Him. 
Demons, waging war with the Most High, God in Heaven. And angels, were fighting back in both worlds. The evil was trying to get back into the gates, take control of all that God created, and change his views. Past, present and future. Most of all they wanted the souls of man, to join them and turn their faith. They are the most precious to Him. 
These beings, the demons and angels. Walked amongst the human race, whether good or evil. They waited. 
Angels guarding humans. Demons, waiting for them to fall. As God allowed them numerous opportunities to believe, that they were more then just flesh and blood. That he would do anything for them. All he wanted was for them to remember what gifts he has given them. Which they have easily pushed aside, as anything, other then God. 
Curious R. Please remember what I tell you in this particular letter, it is useful in life and in death. I would hate to find that you, most of all, did not listen.
Sincerely,
P.F.
*~*~*
Friend,
I’ll continue to write and have decided to answer questions. Enclosed in the next letter I’ll give you directions. Until then.
God created the heavens and the earth, the stars, the moon and the sun. So that man, could see the signs. Find their way through the oceans, see what He, had planned for them. But now, all of that has been twisted into something, Lucifer, must surely be proud of. The mortals have forgotten that they have the ultimate link to Him. Refusing to hear any of it. 
This is what the voice told me.
“Why do you think Man dreams? Why do you think they get that feeling of Dejavu? Why do you think there are those who say they can see, what others are going through, while others can feel what the person next to them is feeling? Premonition? Coincidences? Clairvoyance? Intuition? So many of the gifts God has given them, are dormant. All because of time, loss of faith. Fear and pain. Too many to name. He has not returned. Because he’s waiting on them. ‘The Prodigal’ son’s and daughters,” it explained.
For the moment I watched the sky, comprehended all that the voice was saying. But it still didn’t explain, why I could see this…Realm. Why I was here, in the middle of it. 
It seemed that there was a lull in the activities. They knew I was here, but said nothing. Uniformed angels kept a watchful eye on me. Of course they would, I was technically a demon myself. 
While walking the broken streets of San Francisco. This was the dark war zone of the spirits and souls. Crawling in between the wreckage of the city. San Francisco was reduced to a desolate place, unrecognizable. As if every sort of natural disaster had passed through. Destroying anything, living and inanimate. You would never recognize your beautiful city. Buildings I’d seen from on the high place of Mt. Davidson. Now, fallen warriors, crumbled to the ground, into metal and concrete heaps. Tossed to the side like crumpled, crushed pieces of paper. These were what made up the hill, that I climbed. 
Once at the top, I saw the bones of the ocean’s life, laying bleached at the bottom. High above me, circling in a clockwise direction. The demons were screeching words, I couldn’t understand. 
In the rubble and dusty sands of the bay, they also slithered below. As I climbed higher, the demons mimicked my movements. Followed me upward from below. Then slowly they began to encircle me. Unafraid. I began to see what I was. I saw my face in this dead place. The demons morphing into strange replicas of alabaster skin and crystal eyes. They Breathed laboriously, as if they were gasping and wheezing. 
“Perish,” they called, circling around. Their screeching, turning into chanting in unknown tongue. Saying my name, as more and more of the demons morphed into multiple pale faces. Swaying in a pale wave, gnashing their fangs at one another, like animals. I couldn’t move while I listened to their voices, calling me to them. The blackened sky expanding with more demons. And the darkness sped by, in just seconds. The group began to cackle at me. From within. Whispering to me. Saying things about weakness.
This was what was going to happen to humanity, because they will never understand what God has really given them. That they’d forgotten.
“This is War!” They screamed and wailed. “And this is where I dwell, where we dwell. Both angels and demons. Fighting for each others, Lord. To what God holds so precious. They will lose all their salvation,” they screeched and hissed a sarcastic chuckle. The ghost within me joining and echoing their words.. 
“What do you mean, WE? I don’t care. I don’t care, about these mortals, or even what God wants with them,” I yelled back at them. “What the Hell does this have to do with me?”
But the ghost inside, and the demons hisses at me. “God is weak for these-mortals. He waits while they live blindly. Day to day. But while he waits, you and I can do what comes naturally. Do, what is only natural to you.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“We feed, and breed. Feed on the weak hearted, the confused. The ones who have no idea of breed. Of the ones that will, eventually, destroy humanity.”
I thought about what it was saying. But what would I gain from anything he said. Right now, all I knew was, I must be insane. I convinced myself of it. Hearing voices in my head.
“God has a plan for you. As he does with all of his creations. But I got to you first. You may well be insane. And if you are your insanity. It has a name. Luken.” 
Luken.
The painful agonizing, blackout was a literal being. What was it? Spirit, demon, schizophrenia? Whatever it was. It was another part of me, that would eventually win the war within me and have it’s way. I couldn’t control it, like I would like too because I didn’t know how. 
This is the reason I write to you, so that you will remember that I was, at one time, sane. Someone needs to know. Benjamin didn’t have all of the answers to this malfunction. So I was going to have to fight this battle alone.
“What do you want with me Luken?” I asked, as calmly as I could. The circle growing more densely around me.
“If I am going to inhabit you, I need you to be willing to do as I ask, otherwise I‘ll just have to make myself known through you. What I mean is, I will drive you more and more insane and eventually have you killed. You’ll be so uncontrollable, your own kind will want you dead.” Luken explained.
“What! Ha, your going to kill me?” I scoffed. “You can’t do that, I’m already dead.”
I felt his annoyance. “Stupid child! I am quit aware of what you are. What you are is a mutant of the vampire breed. Although you may not be able to die, per say. I plan on taking over your mind and your corpse. One way or another I will kill you!” His blood curdling laughter stung me. I should have just let him put me out of my misery. I didn’t fit in with my own kind anyway. Being an outcast in both worlds, was just as miserable. Where my only ‘friend’ was a eighteen year old servant girl and a strange deranged immortal man who saw me as a ‘living’ science project. And the other, wanted nothing more than women. And then there was you. A figment of my own imagination.
You, my only ally. Who didn’t know I even existed. As I write to you and hope you understand when we meet…if we meet.
Luken’s screeching was mixing with the background of my named being chanted. They, the demons, never let up. The noise grew louder, as the wind whipped up. Dust from the rubble and decomposing bodies swirling around. Engulfing the circle and completely devouring the noise and the ones who birthed them. 
Covering myself, from the demons as their bodies were caught up. Spinning in the cyclones force. And as I stood in the eye. Hissing and squealing like pigs. Growling animalistic sounds, lifted up and tossed out to different corners of rubble ridden San Francisco.
It wasn’t a long event, the quick scattering of demons. Now, only the whistling of the wind was audible. I watched the cyclone disappear. A loud thunderous clap, split the silence. Followed by rumbling, like a boulder being pushed against the ground. I could feel the vibrations in my feet. The sky turned from black to a bright pink and purple.
Again, the loud clap. Trailing behind, there was a sensation of warmth passing through my body. It caused me to lose my balance. I teetered, trying to regain my footing, grasping at the twisted remnants of the Trans America building. Under my feet, the metal melted into screaming skeletal bodies, clawing to pull themselves up from the blazing furnace below. I hopped over the gapping hole and grabbed onto the only thing left of the building, the point. Tightly, I held as lightning and thunder flashed across the purple sky. 
In the distance, past the rusted spider web remains of the bay bridge, was a ladder made of light. The only light in this entire forsaken place. Paralyzed, as it expanded towards me. Lighting up the desert. Casting long darkened shadows that were alive. 
“Light?” I quickly thought. “The light must not touch me,” panicking, I began to look around for a safe hiding place. But that place seemed to be in the fires below. I watched the light moving closer, bracing for the worst. I was going to die. Sooner than I thought. None the less, die. Turned to dust, without any answers to my origins, to Luken’s existence, if he existed at all. And to why I was here in the first place. I wasn’t going to get those answers.
Crouching down with my arms shielding my face from the light, blanketing me. It did not burn me to ashes. Instead, it covered me and I felt peace for the first time. That is what it seemed to be. Peaceful. I didn’t hear Luken laughing in the back of my mind and I didn’t have the thirst burning in my throat.
I heard the voice again, the one that was small yet strong.
“Perish, what are you doing?” It asked, as I licked my dry lips.
When it said my name. It echoed, causing the light to shimmer. Comfort. Like the wind chimes, gently being pushed around in the wind. Then followed, a high pitched ringing in my ears. If you could imagine how wonderful the voice was, my description does it no justice. 
I whimpered in my embarrassment, “The Sun it’ll burn me to death.”. 
It called to me again. But I couldn’t see where it came from. What I did see, was a man dressed in white military fatigues, of the civil war era, simply perched in the rubble, watching me. But he wasn’t the one I expected, the one whose voice I heard. When he adjusted his footing on the rubble, a pair of large wings adjusted themselves as well. He stood majestically still, as I clumsily clung to the point. Then another appeared and did the same, and another, coming from the light. Perching themselves in random areas of the city. Thunder claps booming from the wings when they beat. Some with their long hair pulled into neatly chonmage style ponytails. Swords, protruded from their sides or were strapped to their backs.
The loudest of the crashes came from above. And instantly, the soldiers lowered their heads. From the center of the sky, a white horse descended. The winged soldiers then knelt down. The animal, gracefully stood, taking a place in front of me. This was the one I expected to see. The one I heard. 
My corpse body reacted and my knees buckled, causing me to fall to the rubble. Its power was too much to withstand. Much more then when I first met Benjamin, it was indescribable, incomparable. The ringing and chimes were all that could be heard. It swung its enormous head, surveying the scene. The battle ground. It pawed at the mass of twisted metal and it skeletons with its hoof.
“Perish, the light will not harm you,” it said to me, with out the movement of its mouth.
What was I to say ‘Thank you’? I wasn’t sure what was appropriate. I couldn’t look at the magnificent creature. Instinctively, I knew that it was more powerful than I could fathom.
“Do you know who I am?” 
I shook my head, unable to bring my head up, but managed a weak, “No.”
“I think you do. You know me as the creator, as The I Am.”
A gust of warm wind brushed past my ears when it spoke. 
Friend, I’d read the Bible enough to know what that meant. But at that moment, I could have been insane, undoubtedly. Isn’t that how it happens? First the voices. Believing God is talking to you? Telling you things.
“The I Am?” I spoke up. “You mean…your…God?” I asked.
“Yes, very good, Perish. Do you know why you are here?” Its voice chiming with every syllable, I swear I saw them as well.
I answered, still unable to bring my body upright, still afraid that if I opened my eyes I would quickly be reduce to nothing but burning ash. “No.” 
“That’s too bad, I was hoping you would know by now. It’s taking Benjamin quite a while to get you in the right position.”
“I don’t’ understand. Where am I?”
God, the horse. Nudged me with it’s nose and I felt my body loosen from the hold. And I came face to face with His large black eyes, an endless abyss.
“Get up and I will explain as much as I can.” 
Slowly I got up. Making sure I wasn’t ash or a smoldering pile of bones. I was still the cold, blood craving being. 
The surrounding soldiers kept a watchful eye on my every move, ready and willing to strike me with a deadly blow, if they heard the order from Him.
“Where am I, My Lord?” I asked. I couldn’t think of anything else to call Him.
He chuckled, as he slowly transformed into a child like being, as pale as I.
“Your in the Realm. Where demons and angels due battle for the souls of the living, until day of the coming.” It’s voice small and musical.
“Your coming? When will that be?” I asked quickly, addicted to its voice.
I had little bit of knowledge of our own stories of the coming. Is that what He was referring too? This spirit, which stood in front of me as a child. 
Since Sebastian and I arrived at Freedom. Benjamin instilled the Prophecy in us. Applying it in everything we did. Everyday, he made us repeat it too him. About the day of the Great Battle. When the truth doesn’t want to be known. When the humans turn against their own and Vampire against his own. When his own (Immortal) will turn on him and his child shall be the first and last. 
Then there was some talk on humans and there being two kinds who would know and understand. And those who would fear. That’s where Benjamin always went on. Gibbering nonsense, the lesson would end there. Of course, there was more. But none of it meant anything at the time. And as with most things, these Prophecies are not meant for mortals. I know that it is unwise to tell you anything at all, but I will explain soon. As with many of the other explanations I’ve promised. 
“I don’t know,” The God Child said. “Honestly, its too soon to say. The things of the world have not been set and there are too many loose ends to tie up. Anyhow, I’m waiting on them.” His countenance changed. Becoming more thoughtful.
“Your waiting on the mortals? Yes, I’ve heard that explanation…when I first got here.”
The child nodded then took my hand. It and I maneuvered over the rubble, my hand in his. The angels slowly taking steps along side us.
“Yes, that was your intuition. It was speaking to you. Although you are dead and have no connections to the human race. The flesh you were created to be, was created by cells and blood of others of your kind. But none the less you do feed on human blood. And you are correct, you are only a shell of a man with the working parts of a human being.
Perish make no mistake, you are not alive. You may feel some emotion and sensation, but you’ll never be a soul or spirit filled human. This is done so you understand some of the…complications mortals go through.”
“I don’t…understand.” 
The child and I reached the bottom of the rubble, and he stood in front of me looking directly into my eyes. 
“You won’t ever understand, Perish. But what I do need you to know, is you are going to work for the glory of God. You’ll do what he wants you to do. What I want you to do.”
My stomach turned, and for the first time I felt the chill of fear pass over my skin. And the Realm seemed to slowly fade in and out of focus. Than my arms began to burn. Lurching forward I heard the laughter of Luken, and saw the black eyes of God’s childlike form looking back at me. Clutching my arms close to my body, holding in the scream while the fire and ice consumed me. Was I…dieing? Was this what death really felt like? 
The child said calmly as he softly placed a hand on my body, “No. your not dieing, you haven’t felt anything like it, so it’s necessary to know what it would have been like, if you were created in the traditional way. So you know what they will feel, if you choose to do as your species has done since their creation. And to know what your own kind has gone through in there change.” 
I allowed the pain to move through me. Actually, I had no choice but to allow it. He was right, I hadn’t known what it was like, as I dropped to my knees, curling my body into a ball.
“But I must leave the choice to you, you’ll know when the time comes what you must do for me. I will wait still. You will neither be good nor evil.” He whispered and the Realm world was as if it never was. 
The only thing remaining was when the burning stopped. I was curled up on the floor of my room. The moon light, beaming through the drapes. I lay there for a long while. Trying to understand what happened. Not wanting to move from this place. 
I know that these letters must be strange, but it is all true. All of it, every word that I write. If you didn’t believe. Then you should start.
Sleep well tonight,
P.F.
*~*~*
To My R, 
As I contemplate my sanity. I still write to clear my mind. But the magnetism of never knowing you and still writing is strong. Truthfully, I haven’t tried to know who you are and why, when I look at the yellowed obituary clipping, your particular picture has a strange effect on me. Yet like a mad vampire I still write to you, maybe with the hopes of just seeing you once. Knowing you are real and not a figment. 
Enough of my strange babbling. 
I couldn’t tell Benjamin what was happening to me, he would surely think I was crazy. And just as Luken said, my own kind would destroy me. Was I going to have to leave my new found home? Where would I go? What would I do? I forced myself up from the floor. Nearly flying into the ceiling. I stood at the door of the Shadow room. And decided that I would have to leave Freedom. Until I could control what was happening to me. Side effect or not, there were things happening to me that I would have no control of. 
Reluctant, slowly I packed the things that meant the most to me once again. I put them into the back pack. Hoping that any minute I would be stopped. When I came to the bookcase, where the bible sat on the self. I tried to remember the strange beings and the Realm. Hoping it was just part of my insanity, I plucked it from the books I’d collected in the short year here. No one came. From the pages a yellowed piece of paper fluttered to the floor. A photo I hadn’t see in a long time. I recognized her face, the unsure smile forever engraved in my memories. I thought of how ridiculous I was to think about such a weak creature. She was, after all, pretty damaged and the most vulnerable of all of them. I picked it up and crushed it. Tossing it to the side, forgotten.
“Stupid.” I said to myself. Forcing myself to erase her from my mind. Choosing never to see her again, in any form.
I felt strange in the clothes I‘d worn while in the box. The white shirt and red tie, dirty blue jeans and favorite pair of black and white sneakers. I felt this was the old me, the naive me.
Coming to the wardrobe, I opened it. And took an off white thermal shirt and dark blue pair of jeans out. I’d never worn anything from the closet, placing the clothing on the bed. As I unbuttoned my shirt, a few sharp pains nagged at me. Not believing it had to do with why I woke up on the floor. Carefully, I pulled the shirt off of my arms. Exposing the markings, scratched and burned into my stone skin. I traced them with my fingers to make sure they were really there and not a hallucination. Chiseled into stone from my shoulder to wrists. Adding to my already freakish existence.
Quickly, I pulled the thermal over my head and completely on. I couldn’t look at my markings, but it didn’t matter. I changed into my new clothes and prepared to leave. 
New beginnings begin in strange places.
Good night and to new beginnings,
P.H.
*~*~*
Chapter 5-Escape
Curious,
Am I afraid of my own shadow? Maybe, but I’ll never tell.
As I packed my things, I turned to make my escape. I couldn’t say goodbye to Evie. I wasn’t sure if I should tell her anything. She would either, want to join me, or tell Benjamin. Though, I wouldn’t mind having a companion. But, I’ve never really forgiven the mortals, for what they did to me. And could never get used to Evie’s undying loyalty. Even after what he has taught us, I still hated them. Even Elizabeth at this point. I felt the anger rising. She aided in my creation, allowing the experiments which allowed me to live this dark life. Leaving me to either, terrorize innocent people. Drink their blood to sustain my own. Or, be allowed to take from donors at Freedom. Either way, I saw it as a necessary evil. Was there really a point to it?
Benjamin, has always shown me hospitality and was patient, as I asked him childish questions. But I couldn’t continue to live here, if I wasn’t in control of myself. Maybe I would come back, maybe. I needed to be alone to fight this battle. There was nothing to keep me here. 
Strangely, I expected some resistance. Already knowing, that there wasn’t going to be any.
When I went to the door. I thought about the decision I was making. Was it the right one? I knew, there wasn’t much that I could do. I didn’t trust myself, therefore I couldn’t trust anyone else. I remember the God Child saying something about Benjamin not telling me everything. But I couldn’t wait any longer. There was an overwhelming urge to run. He said, I was to do as God said, as well. But I didn’t know what that was either. If I knew any better, I wouldn’t be running. But I don’t…I don’t know any better. Run and hide.
If God wanted me, he better find me.
Twisting the door knob, and pulled the door open. 
“Where are you going!?” She snapped.
Evie stood in front of the door. Fist’s tightly balled up and tears welling up in her eyes. 
“Aren’t you going to answer me? Where are you going?” She demanded.
I pushed her aside, checking the hallways. I hated lying, but I felt it was the only thing to do. She was the only human that took care of me, while I was here. On the night when the ghost took over. When I studied the many books, in the Shadow room. When I yelled profanity toward her, wanted to strangle her, kill her, drink her blood. Threatened too. But she stood next to me, my human servant. 
I was not kind. And here she stood, as I predicted, to try and stop me. 
May I ask a question of you, Curious? Would you fear me? Knowing that I am educated? Knowing what I am capable of? Knowing I am evil? Would you? 
I would fear me, I’d stay away from me. I am not only a beast, but a genetic freak. There are no boundaries to what I was about to discover in myself. So I warn you and others who think that vampires, are beautiful and sparkle. We are creatures of the damned. And we kill your human kind as our source of life. 
I will continue with my letter before I work myself into a frenzy;
I answered her, trying to keep my composure, “Will you keep it down! I’m not going anywhere. I was just going for a…uh walk.” Grabbing hold of her arm and slightly squeezing it, pulling her closer.
She didn’t buy it, she slapped my hand from her arm.
“You’re a damn liar, Perish! Don’t touch me if your going to lie to me.” 
“You better keep your mouth shut little girl. Your still my servant and your still human. I could kill you right now if I wanted to, so shut the HELL UP!” I commanded her through clenched teeth.
She stepped back, fists tightly balled. 
“I won’t say anything,” she whimpered. “I won’t say anything, I promise, I just wouldn’t feel right if I didn’t know. Are you leaving, because of me?”
Ah, Evie. She was seriously human, to the core. The God Child was right. They are fueled by pain and confusion and wanted only to belong. And that’s what she wanted to know. If this, vampire freak, was going to leave her, because I didn’t like her. 
Because, she may have made the bed wrong. Or didn’t clean the drapes that last, one hundredth time. She seriously thought, I was leaving because of her. 
I laughed out loud. It was a quick sting across my cheek. If it made her feel better. So be it.
“You’re an ass…Perish Falconridge, a fucking ass,” she cried and pushed past me. 
Of course, she sobbed uncontrollably into my high back chair. Her hopeful thoughts of me coming over to comfort her. But that wasn’t going to happen. Taking advantage of the moment and slipped into the hallway. That was the most mortal reaction I’d done. Pulling my jacket on, then the back pack over it. I maneuvered through the halls, hoping no one else would discover me. I closed my thoughts, taking the chance that Benjamin would suspect just that.
Strangely, I couldn’t help but wonder if this was part of a bigger plan. My escape wasn’t hindered, no one came to stop me. I didn’t bump into anyone, that might have questions. 
With exception of Evie.
Well then, I thought. It is what it is and whatever becomes of me I pray, I don’t come back for the wrong reasons. And that was my last day at Freedom, that I could remember. 
Good Night, curious one. The next time I write will depend on fate.
P.F.
*~*~*
R,
As I write I often wish that you would write me in return. It is a random thought, it would be nice. One day perhaps.
For the first few months of the new year, I struggled with Luken and the thirst. I found refuge in an abandoned store in San Francisco’s Mission District, between 21st and 16th street. I broke in through the open windows, the night I left. It wasn’t as plush as I was accustomed to, at Freedom. In fact, it wasn’t even comparable. Rat and roach infested.
Homeless men and women screaming outside, to themselves. Blaring sirens of fire engines, police cruisers and emergency vehicles flying by, could have driven me insane. Instead, it helped drown out the voices that came from their thoughts. All day and all night, the same prayers of forgiveness for their sins, ‘forgive me for doing drugs. Forgive me for raping that girl, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me.’ That was the daily ritual, in this part of the Mission District. Of course I had no pity for them, they still did what they chose to do anyway. Even though their was a consequence to it. On occasion, I had the opportunity to slip out of my refuge. And give them what they really wanted. Death.
Humph. Whatever, they weren’t worth anything in my eyes.
I left them afterwards. Maybe a crack fiend here or meth addict there, I left their bodies so others might see, that this was what was coming for them. They got the hint. Drug addicted and their minds fried, somehow reality or maybe instinct would have told them. Then the whispers of Vampire killings began to circulate. They didn’t come near the abandoned store unless they needed too. 
I grew tired of hiding and feeding on the homeless garbage, that I was succumbed to. I began to miss the Donors that the Sponsors of Freedom provided. ‘The Society’. The sweet blood of a willing giver was always better. Their blood was always smoother and flowed easily down my throat. Maybe, it was their calmness and knowing of what was to happen. 
But these street buzzards were full of drugs. Added with an attack, the mingling of drugs, it was like a shot of adrenaline for a vampire. Almost uncontrollable. This reaction caused the ghost to try take over many times.
He would destroy the whole city, if I didn’t fight back, when he would try and control the deposit of the venom. Luken, would allow the change in them. I wouldn’t allow it. I didn’t see the point. I hated them. Yes. But It would take someone slightly insane, to understand what it was to be one of our breed. I didn’t want to waste it. Morbid I know. It freaked me out when I thought about it. But since then, I’ve never been tempted. It didn’t matter. 
It was October, the year two thousand and ten. I’ll never forget the day when I decided I would walk amongst the living, as one of you. Somehow, this month seemed safer to me. Safe as a predator would be. I couldn’t help feeling as if I was being…watched from time to time. 
True, I wasn’t careful about disposing the bodies, but there wouldn’t be any evidence to lead to me. Except for the marks on the neck or wrist, when I bled them. It was safe to say, it was always blamed on pranks and ‘wanna be’s’. Especially at this time of year. My breed, was still considered a bed time story to scare children, Myths. Foolish of me to be so careless, wasn’t it? 
But despite this feeling of being watched, and my careless approach to my feedings. I took a walk, dressing to the weather of San Francisco, blending in. When I stepped outside, the air was chilled. Drizzle fell light and airy against my skin. Similar to snow, as it fluttered down to the street. Unconsciously, I watched it, and leaned against the wall of my abandoned home. The wind picked up, blowing the drizzle and spelling words as it twisted and circled. 
In the dark shadows. I observed the stupid mortals. Two girls, arm and arm huddling together to keep warm, walked by. They didn’t see me, but they’re was a familiarity to their energy. Well, only one of them. But with the smell of perfume and pheromones, I couldn’t pin point the smell. And I quietly found myself following them, slowly through the busy Mission street. 
There seemed to be an abundance of young people out tonight. I assumed it was a Friday or Saturday. I never kept track of time. The stench of alcohol, puke and piss, gravitated out to the streets from doorways and ally’s. On nights like these, there was usually a party, and nightclubs were always busy. 
Mortals, never had enough decency to relieve themselves properly, especially when intoxicated. Another reason why I didn’t particularly like them. 
I wasn’t far behind the giggling girls, when they stopped at the cross walk. I kept a mild distance between them and I. The smell that trailed behind them was repelling and I made the decision not to inhale, to minimize the smell. After two blocks, they turned the corner on Twenty Fourth, and got in line with some other, stench ridden humans. Their scents and pheromones were heavily perfumed and equally as strong as the two I followed. It burned my nose and throat, the smell of blood and sexual urges of the obviously, twenty something crowd. I could have had all of them, before they knew I was here. Or maybe pluck a few, like a fox in the hen house. Despite their odd perfumes, they smelled enticing and fresh. My mouth began to water. The urge ignited the thirst for fresh, clean blood to wet my throat. It didn’t take much to awaken Luken. He whispered in my ear.
“You want to know who she is, don’t you?” He asked from within.
I ignored his irritating voice, as I looked over the crowd. Searching for them. The two, talking and laughing. The tall blond, I concluded, was the source of the familiar scent. The closer I got to her, her scent seemed to burn.
No, I don‘t, I thought. But there was something familiar about her.
Still, there were too many people to get a clear thought from her. All clambering with nonsense. Quickly, I decided I would join. It was obvious, that I wasn’t the only male here, there were at least a handful. There was a bit of uneasiness about joining in. But then again, what did I have to lose? No one recognized me, they didn’t know who I was or what I was. I had to put it aside, that I didn’t particularly enjoy, the company of humans. The thought of me, following one girl, was throwing me off. Curiosity was getting the better of me. And you already know, what they said about curiosity.
On the outside of the club. It was plastered with posters of an indie girl band called ‘Red Velvet Blood Cake’. There were four members, all posing in the typical ‘V’ formation. Their band leader in the front and the drummer in the back. Her arms crossed with two drum sticks held in between her fingers, like oversized chopsticks. I laughed at it. They seemed so young, and yet they had a large following. 
“Hmmm…why not?” I hadn’t heard a good band since leaving Freedom. Remembering the times, when Sebastian and I would sneak out to catch a concert.
I stood in the line, like the others. Making myself oblivious to them. Concentrating on controlling Luken, the thirst and one eye, on the tall blond. 
When I finally came to the entrance of the club, the doorman held out his hand to me. He was disgusting, almost as low as the cities gray area, I called my refuge.
He spit when he spoke, “No ticket, you can’t get in without a ticket…sorry bro, step aside.”
I didn’t have a ticket, but I was determined to find the girl. Searching my abilities, I looked at him for a moment, the remaining fans behind me, began to grumble. 
“I said, No ticket, no entrance. Now step aside, before I have to kick your ass!” Threatening me, he placed a tattooed hand, on my arm. It was a sad attempt at trying to shove me aside. I became slightly amused.
I stared at him longer, stepping closer to him. Blocking the view of the people behind me. Just enough, so they couldn’t see what I was about to do. 
“I’m no fag! Get the hell away from me,” he demanded. I couldn’t hold back the greedy, sadistic smirk that stretched across my face. He was growing more and more irritated with me. I revealed my fangs at him, my smile growing larger. Gladly, flexing my true identity.
R, this is only a glimpse of what I am. The cursed beast. If you decide to continue reading. I hope, as always, you understand that this is the truth.
“Get the fuck out of my face, those things are fake, fucking gay weirdo!” 
I leaned in closer into his fat sweaty face. His breath reeked of alcohol. 
“Your really going to make me do this, aren’t you?” I taunted him.
His face twisted and his temperature rose. “If you try, I’ll kill you…freak!” He was scared now.
Honestly, I didn’t know what I was going to do to him. I couldn’t kill him in public. Somehow I would try and get into his mind, turn his thoughts. 
Concentrating on the perverted mind of the doorman. I sifting through his past, his present, and what he thought, was his future. Not pretty ones at all, actually quiet disgusting and disturbing. To my delight, he knew he would die, if not tonight. He would be watching his back, for the rest of his life. 
Thoughts of some of the young women that entered the club, only minutes ago, crossed through his mind to mine. He had plans for them. More thoughts of what he’d done to a young girl. A prostitute. None the less, he was pretty foul with her. A nasty creature, more than even I.
Luken spoke in my ear, making my mind spin as he’s always done. Interrupting my train of thought. Convincing me that the man wouldn’t be missed. That I should do the world a favor, and finish him. But I was getting better at controlling Luken’s voice, forcing it into silence, most of the time. Knowing that it wouldn’t be long, until he would completely gain control of my entire being. 
The doorman’s thoughts, not to mention his brain, was like soggy bread. I attempted to push my persuasion into his thoughts. Never losing the eye contact that I initiated. Understanding, I would have to hurry. The anxious crowd of young ladies and a few forced boyfriends, were growing restless. I could hear the groans of impatients, behind me. Slowly and softly, too quiet for the others to hear. I whispered to him a few instructions.
“Your going to let me in, and when the night is done, you will forget everything about this night. As a matter of fact, you’ll forget everything, including your entire life,” I took it a step further. “When the next bus drives up, you will step in front of it and do what you should have done, a long time ago. You sorry piece of crap.” 
I laid it out for him, knowing that it wasn’t the right thing to persuade someone, even this human, to do. He didn’t have second thoughts, when he hurt that girl. After what his thoughts revealed, he wasn’t a deserving enough mortal, to live a full life at all. He would have no memory of his past, or his future because I‘d persuaded him to commit suicide. 
To this day, I have no remorse for that man. Waste! 
Luken’s laughter was always there to catch me. He was laughing at me now. He knew the real motive to my decision, how much I really wanted to do. How much, I really wanted to get rid of them all. That I didn’t take his life by drinking it, I took it by persuasion.
The door man slumped back into his chair, with a grin, equal to his demeanor, stretching across his face. His eyes, glazing over. He would be dealt with soon. I straightened up and walked inside, slightly looking over my shoulder, to see my handy work. It was the first time, I‘d used persuasion on a mortal. The fans slowly shuffling inside, without a second glance. 
Overhead, the street lights flickered. Garbage and dirt swirled around in dark the alley. None of the patrons seemed to notice what was happening. Oblivious. They flickered on and off, until they remained dark. Still no one seemed to notice, they hadn’t seen what I was saw. My intuition was telling me what was happening. Something was coming, to collect. 
A strong smell of sulfur, burned my nose and throat. The shadows remained still. And the darkness seemed to creep forward. I recognized it from the dream, vision. Whatever it may have been. Inside me, I heard the wailing screaming sounds of the dead, increasing as the shadow grew more dense.
The Realm had been summoned. Then I knew. The demons were coming to collect one of their own. He was their puppet now. All of this going unseen, by the fans who patiently filed into the cramped space, to see their favorite band. I kept watch from the side. He unnaturally, pointed a tattooed arm toward the door, allowing them to enter. Freakishly grinning at them. He was dead now. There was no soul. Even with my persuasions, the Realm would always have the final say. In reality, it was a better ending. Although I was the better ‘being,’ per-say. We, the Breeds, were grossly misinformed. I was just another, that answered to a much higher authority, whether it was good or evil.
I kept my eyes on the situation. The small venue becoming packed with young bodies. None of them cared to notice the overly used gestures. They merely walked past him and I. 
When the crowd was down to two or three, and the street finally quiet. The demons went to work. Shadows, forcefully wrenching him up from the stool. Pulled by his strings, to maneuver his chubby body to a dark corner of the street. I watched as far as I cared too, or stomach. While in the darkness, I heard the ripping and tearing of flesh, as they tore his body to pieces. And still no one noticed. Not a scream of pain, or agony, as they did their job.
When it was done, the street lights flickered for a moment. Then, as quickly as they went out, the alley was visible again. The demons were gone. Leaving no sign that they were ever here.
This letter is longer then I was expecting to write, I’ll continue another day,
Soon,
P.F.
*~*~*
Curious Friend,
In a few days, I’ve made some discovery’s about myself. I’ll have to start this letter in a different way. Somewhere in the middle if that is fine with you? Keep up.
Everything was back to normal and no mortal the wiser. 
The doorway was almost empty, as a late comer squealed, excitedly, past me. I was the last in, beginning to survey the scene. It was going to require a lot of resistance, to ignore so many people. Socially, I was a ‘hermit’. Pushing my limits to fit in naturally, was unnatural.
A woman with long brown hair rushed toward the door, stopping in front of me. Scrutinizing, from head to toe, suspiciously.
“What happened to the guy that was here?” She demanded. Really not asking the question. Just looking around for an obvious answer. When she didn’t get one, she turned to me. Smiling and continued appraising me. The doorman was old news. Forgetting about the doorman. I shrugged my shoulders. 
Taking a few steps closer, “What’s your name?” She asked, tempting her fate.
Benjamin taught us to be gentlemen, even if I had no interest. 
Politely I answered her, “Perish.” 
“That’s an weird name.”
She smelled of alcohol and rust, as she moved closer, pressing her body against mine. My whole presence seemed to lure her in. Easily I could have made a quick meal of her. Right now, though, I had no interest in her or her blood. I had lost the blond girl, and was determined to find her. Placing my hands on the woman’s shoulders. Gently pushing her away. Sliding from in between her and the wall. She entrapped me. Standing, mesmerized and dumbfounded, wavering in the doorway. Unaware that I had a strange affect on her.
I moved through the crowd, looking for the girl. Grateful that there was some music before the bands performance. It would distract them from me, for the moment. 
The noise level was already loud from the chattering. Mostly about the tall ‘hot’ guy with the black hair. Effects of this kind, especially on mortals, both men and women was not by choice. It was something that I‘d discovered when Sebastian had donors around. Evie would have these feelings and somehow, there was a spell that I cast. Unintentionally forming real genuine feelings in her mind, for me. I would never let that happen again, not with anyone. But it was something I had little control over.
Weaving in and out of the crowd, I made eye contact with a few enamored young ladies. None were who I was looking for. The band made its way on stage. Glad the attention was off of me for a while and on the velvet cake band. The first song began to sound. Arms flew up and bodies moved with the beat of the bass and drums. The lead singer, feeling the music grabbed the microphone and began to loudly scream along with her band mates. I listened to her words as I searched. 
How hard could it be to find a girl in such a small place? Eventually, I made my way to a table in the back of the crowd. It was a good place to see the comings and goings of the crowd, and the band. I sat down and decided to let her come to me. If I was correct, this would happen, thanks to the undeniable attraction humans had to vampires. Especially women.
The young lady from the front, that I’d left stupefied, greeted me at the table. She was functional now. She didn’t remember a thing.
“Get you anything?” She asked. 
Why not? I enjoyed a good drink as much as the next undead guy.
“Gin and ginger ale, on the rocks,” I told her. She nodded and spun around, disappearing through the dancing mob. How she did it I don’t know, but as fast as she disappeared she reappeared, drink in hand. She placed it on the table.
“On the house,” she said quickly. 
“What?”
“The drink. It’s on the house.”
Nodding I starred blankly, as I lifted the glass to my lips and gulped down the alcohol. It was the familiar feeling of fire and ice. This type of burn was quenching, pushing aside the distraction to the burning of another kind. Placing the glass on the table, I concentrated and continued to wait for the mysteriously familiar girl. 
While the band played, young girls jumped and danced in rhythm. It was like the parties at Freedom, when the music played and the girls from prominent Social circles, danced to it. 
It wasn’t always my idea of fun. The Society sponsors were humans, who would do whatever it took, to join the Breeds. Strangely enamored with, the Vampire, the Werewolf and all things supernatural and paranormal. It puzzled me, why they would so freely give away their own daughters to mix and mingle amongst us, as if we were just as fleshy as they are. Not only the daughters, but the sons as well. But they had their reasons. 
Curious Friend. We are still an imaginary friend to most, still unbelievable that these were the select few. The mortals who had the money, the Politian’s, elite, princesses and princes. Anyone who could afford it. Paying in more ways then one. It was a dark combination. Strange infatuations with death and living forever. This is the biggest of all secrets. So please guard this with your life.
Because most were grossly rich and bored, the Breeds that congregated at Castle Freedom were becoming the trend. Hence the name. Anyhow, the families allowed the males of the Breeds to procreate with their young willing daughters, mainly. And if they survived they would carry a ‘designer baby’, half human half…whatever breed. Vampire, Werewolf and Immortal. Which were the ‘most human’ of all the breeds. The most coveted amongst the wealthy. Without any flaw.
Sebastian and I were told of the Society’s intentions. One day, Benjamin brought both of us to his chamber and explained what it was going to mean for Freedom. To the human race and the Breeds survival. As I thought about it, it still didn’t make any sense. Why would we want our breeds to mix with mortal blood? There were many stories and fables of the incubus and the succubus. Planting seeds. A mortal could never survive the birth of either Breed. They would die when giving birth, and the men would be killed because the young mortal would not be allowed to spread any more of his seed, once a pregnancy was determined. What good could come of it? Humans would still die. It was deemed an, ‘Honor’.
Did Benjamin understand this? I was unsure as to whether I should take this secret with me, until it was my time. But now, that idea has been put aside, since writing these letters to you and another. It will be inevitable.
Sebastian, lived for these moments though. When the parties and the girls, would fill the castle. He would pick and choose. Like he was at a buffet table, and they were the many specially prepared dishes. Fortunately, he hadn’t brought any ‘Halflings’ into this world. And thankfully, neither had I. For me, the pleasure was taking their blood and leaving them in a confused state. However, I didn’t enjoy their naked bodies against mine. leaving their stench on my skin. It disgusted me. How freely they gave into what they could become and to the stupid fashion, of what would ultimately kill them. Idiots, all of them.
“Then what are you doing here among them? Watching them?” Luken whispered to me. The memory faded and the crowd came back into view. “Why not kill them all?”
“Shut up, Luken! Even though I loathe the mortals I will not allow you to make any decisions as to what will become of them.”
“Hah, I see. Your worried about what He will say?”
I played dumb. “Who?”
“Have you forgotten already? God! Your so weak. No…you haven’t forgotten. You’ll never forget.”
“Why don’t you stop trying to manipulate me and leave me alone? No, I haven’t forgotten and yes, I am trying to forget. You know damn well that I have no idea what my next move will be. Right now, I’m just trying to piece everything together without drawing any unnecessary attention to myself, if it can be helped.” 
He chuckled, fading into silence. I couldn’t explain exactly what he was to me. Luken was my only companion at this point. Even though I still hadn’t determined whether or not, I was insane, or if I was possessed. 
The waitress brought me another drink, explaining again that it was on the house. I skimmed her thoughts, knowing that they were in fact, from her. She was trying to drop a hint. Of course. I gulped down the Gin and Ginger ale, than stood up from the table, giving up on locating the girl. This search had come to a dead end. There wasn’t going to be any answers tonight. Slowly, I made my way through the crowd of pheromones, of sweet florals and fruit. Searching the tops of their heads one more time, before reaching the door. Still, no sign of the blond. My abilities were still in their adolescent stage. And were slowly clicking. I walked out of the crowded club, passed the stool that the door man once sat on earlier that night. I smiled a little.
“He deserved it.” I said aloud.
I turned the corner, and heard laughter coming from the street. I crossed into the shadows. Walking softly, as to not interrupt the couple standing in the yellowed street lights. The drizzle turned into bigger drops of rain. I shifted my jacket, pulling the collar over my neck. I hate rain.
I passed the two, a young couple. The man, with sandy brown hair, was leaning against the wall. Upon closer examination and with help from the small gusts of wind. I knew it was the girl I was looking for. I could smell her. They were the holding hands. Cooing and whispering.
Instantly, I stopped and starred, making sure I wasn’t wrong. Trusting my intuition, poorer than my abilities. But I knew I was correct. I could smell her. Making my way across the street. I stayed in the shadows, observed them. The way they moved and spoke to one another.
“When do you think you’ll tell Rose?” He asked her.
“I’ll call her tonight, she’s not going to like this though,” the girl replied.
“What do you mean? She’s your friend right? I think she’ll be fine.”
“You don’t know her that well. She feels guilty, living off of her sister and niece, and hardly ever seeing a mother, who blames herself for everything. I’ve been there with her, to see how she really is. Through everything, Joseph.”
What were they talking about? I wanted to know more. Their voices so clear. Maneuvering, so they stood in front of me, almost as if they spoke directly to me. 
“I always wondered how she did it though,” he said.
“Did what?”
“You know…got through life without a voice.”
The girl shrugged.
“I dunno how she did it for so long, but she’s managed for this long. Rose, she’s never been the chatty type anyway.” 
“What about dating? Does she even go out, you know with guys?” Joseph was prying.
She sighed, taking his hand in hers.
“She’s just mute, everything else, I’m pretty sure is fully functional. But no. I admit, I worry about that too.”
He hugged her, and they became a grayish mass in the misty rain. They were closer than usual. Their thoughts changed to images of one another. Kissing. I cringed and quickly shut off the images. Turning my own thoughts to the ‘friend’ that Joseph mentioned.
Saying her name aloud. “Rose?” Letting the name tumble through my mind, while I kept a watchful eye on the couple. 
A few cars drove by, pushing the fog aside for a moment. Enough for me to get a better look at the two. I cringed again. They finally pulled away from their embrace.
“So, are you going to tell her tonight?” Continued Joseph.
“I guess I’ll have too, the sooner the better right?” Replied Tabitha, with some hesitation.
“Listen, Tabitha, if it helps, I don’t think you’ll need to worry about Rose. She’s not a kid. She’s gone on this long, I think that its time she spread her wings as well. Besides, you can’t protect her, and neither can her sister.”
That’s pretty selfish. I thought. 
“I know. Its just, we’ve been through so much together, and she’s all I have too.”
Tabitha wouldn’t let go of her friend so easily. Not without knowing Rose would absolutely be okay.
“Ahem, correction. You have me now. Rose can still have you, its just she’s going  have to understand, that you are getting married to someone, who loves you just as much as she does. If not more. Rose will always be family, because you love her too.”
“Thanks, Joe. It’s not going to be that easy, but it’s something that needs to be done. I’m not looking forward to telling her.” Tabitha giggled nervously, as Joseph pulled her close again, another sick display.
They rejoined the others inside. I stayed, I didn’t want to tempt my nature again. Instead, I tried to put the pieces, I had, together. I still didn’t understand what the pull was to Tabitha. All I knew was they said, was playing and replaying. Igniting a sort of low frequency ringing in my ears. Annoying, but intriguing, just the same. 
Sorting through the many thoughts and the loud club, I tapped into their minds. Traveling from one to another. Searching for Tabitha and Joseph, once again. I was sure that Tabitha was going to lead me to where I needed to be, one way or another. Following would be foolish.
Until later,
P. Falconbridge
P.S.
I did say that I might allow correspondence and so I have come to a desicion. Finally allowing it. I don’t see the harm in it. As before, I will leave the letters for you. As I always have. Enclosed, I am going to give you specific instructions to how I want this done.
First, If your question is: Will I help you cross over? 
The answer is no, I will not. I haven’t since Poppy. And will never do such a thing. Again.
Second, Leave the letter anywhere near the abandoned St. Joseph’s church. Don’t worry about me finding it, I will. As I always do.
Third, don‘t wait for me to show up. I’ll know your there and will cease the letters, forever. 
Finally, make sure your not followed.
*~*~*
Chapter 6- Who Is Rose?
Tonight, I wrote a letter and wanted to deliver it as soon as possible. But I needed to feed. As I left my home, remembering I felt a little defeated that night. As I wrote about how I’d lost the chance to find what could have been an answer, to all of my questions. Why, I was so addicted, to someone I’d never known. Even feeling as if we’d spoken on countless occasions. It was quit embarrassing. For a vampire who adamantly hated mortals, to be enamored with a newspaper clipping. 
Embarrassing indeed. 
I felt my shoulders droop at the thought. Luken was right again.
I was distracted, when I caught the scent of what I was looking for. Joseph and Tabitha again.
There were quite a few humans around, but it wasn’t going to be easy to get where Tabitha and Joseph were headed. It was late in the night, maybe too late for some mortals, to be casually walking, in this neighborhood.
“Why do you always make this harder on yourself then it needs to be? Always, you come up with an excuse?” He said to me, the voice that never failed.
“I don’t care to hear from you right now, actually I don’t want to hear from you ever again,” I retorted. Watching the late night adventurers.
Luken pleaded, trying to convince me. “Let me do it. Let me take one for you. Their like sheep you know. You are always going to be better than them. Dazzle them, bewitch them. Then go for the kill! If you can’t handle doing it. I’ll be happy to do it for you. If you leave it to me, you won’t have to feel the guilt. You can blame me. If He asks you what‘s happened.”
What I’ve done, you mean. 
Luken, that creature within, bargaining with me again.
I admit to my naivety. Not knowing what I was listening too. Understanding, what he was really saying. They were living, breathing, mortals and I could easily bewitch them and take them. Why was I questioning the need to kill a human with out reason? To do what came to me naturally? Why did I fight Luken, when at the moment, he was speaking only the facts of my abilities? If I did allow him to do such a thing that was required for my own existence, what would it matter? What I should be concerned with, is how I would pull myself back together. Back from Luken’s grasp. 
Unsure one way or another. I answered him. “I don’t think I can do that.”
Luken was a steady pushing me. “What do you have to lose by allowing me to only aid you in a better kill? Sadly, you’ve only left a mess every where you’ve fed. I can’t believe I’ve let this go on, as long as it has.”
I rolled my eyes. He sounded as if he were reprimanding me, like a teacher did their student. Persuading me. I would not allow it to talk me into doing its will.
“Luken I know what your trying to do. As much as I am contemplating your convincing words. Your motive has already been made clear by you.” 
I had to admit, his offer was tempting and yes, I did think about the pros and cons. In the end, even though I was going to feed, and benefit from the lesson. It would be much easier for him to take me over anyway. Because, I hadn’t fed properly.
“What if I made you an offer, you wouldn’t be able to refuse?” 
I felt my throat tighten as I wondered what my own insanity, could offer me, that I couldn’t do myself. 
Luken’s existence was still quit an enigma. How would it be possible to strike a deal with psychosis, an insanity that could only be myself. How could a deal be struck if one was possessed by an evil I couldn’t wrap my mind around, and how could that be anything but myself? 
I was beginning to lean toward insanity more than possession. What did I have to lose by hearing what he…I, had to offer.
“Tell me, before I agree to anything,” I tried like I had a little intelligence.
“Ha-ha…now were getting somewhere.”
“Make it fast, the crowds dieing down and if your deal isn’t worth my while, I’ll have to find another alternative to feed.”
Luken hissed. “Yes, lets get this over with.”
I stood in the darkness, watching as the people walked back and forth in the yellowed lighting and fog. For a moment all of their energies were, stronger and louder.
“I will teach you what your teacher, Benjamin could not. I can give you the answers to what you’ve been searching for. Give you who, you’ve been searching for. Tell you the truth, about what you really are.”
I laughed at his words. He’s told me this, over and over again, during our battles for mind and body. These were not words, that I hadn’t heard before.
“Luken, do I really have to listen? Just do me a favor and shut up, its not anything I can’t find out for myself.”
Luken wasn’t getting anywhere with convincing me. I was seeking alternatives to the problem. God hadn’t said anything about taking adults. Was there a way around it? It was cheating. The chance at proving to the God Child that I was listening, easily snuck its way into correcting the thought of doing what he called, wrong. I couldn’t prove, nor disprove in this state, it would be difficult.
Luken was relentless. “If you allow me to do this and show you, I will not completely take over your being. And you can see for yourself, what I am able to do for you, let me teach you.”
“Teach me?” Confused. He obviously had a few answers, but what did he have to teach me? But I’d heard the same words from Benjamin when he rescued me from the box.
At this point I was sort of a hermit, not really living. Freedom was ideal in providing my refuge. Now, I lived off the drug addicts and runaways, I’d read about in the newspapers, while living inside my box. While Elizabeth, and the doctor watched me. What had I become now that I was ‘free’? I was nothing, at this time. 
I put behind me the memories of my old home. Wondering what Benjamin was trying to do. Not fully grasping what it was he was really teaching Sebastian and I at the time. I didn’t want to know, nor did I was to acknowledge there was anything wrong. I just wanted to live in a world without humans and Luken.
Luken pressed me to make a decision. I didn’t have much time to make the right or wrong choice. Even through all the visions I was shown, I couldn’t find a reason. Luken was more real to me than God was. He’s been with me the entire time. I’d only had that vision once. My mind was made up I was going to allow Luken to have, temporary freedom.
“Show me! Show me what you can, but when your finished give me back my body, as well as my bit of sanity.” I said, knowing I may not return as myself. It was almost a welcomed end. 
How does one prepare for what happened next? 
Yes, my throat burned and my chest felt as if someone punched a hole into it. And my skull felt like it was being crushed. It was like nothing I’d felt before. All my thoughts, the thoughts of those I’d taken from, rushing into me. My mind was a serious mess, and now I had no control. Luken pushed all of me, to the other side of my existence. 
The darkest part of me. I saw mostly a blur of faces. I’d seen this before, when he tried to come through on other occasions. I was deeper and deeper. It was further than I ever remember being. The faces changing, so many times. Some recognizable, others were dark sunken faces without eyes. Just the sockets, in which they once occupied. I was watching my entire life, while Luken had reigned over my body…for the moment.
All I could do was watch, as the images seemed to slow down then stop flipping. Dozens or more mortals moving in slow motion. I was now standing in the middle of a different reality. A different time and place that I almost recognized immediately. But while I watched the buggies and horse drawn trolleys. I knew that I wasn’t in the correct era. Then everything caught up with itself. And the people moved at a normal speed.
The roads weren’t that familiar, not what I remembered of the Mission. Of the cars and wires that usually hung above. They were not as abundant, and the streets weren’t crowded with people on cell phones. Not a one in sight. I didn’t feel displaced here. I belonged.
Instead of the asphalt. There was dirt covered with stones. The smell of fire, tobacco and stale oil filled the air. I stood in the center of a bustling city, Old San Francisco. Women and men, rushing through the street. Some things never change. Some wore brightly colored dresses, while the men wore suits and tipped their hats at the ladies when they passed. An alternate world that resurfaced, from my buried memories perhaps. Completely polar to the world I was formed in. 
It was refreshing to see a gentile sort of place. Civility, that had long been tossed aside. I knew it was my mind that conjured this up. Maybe a safe place while Luken was killing. It would explain, why I didn’t smell their scent, or their blood. Why they didn’t show any fear toward me. They weren’t completely oblivious to me though. I had a few hats tipped in my direction, a few ‘good day sirs’ from the ladies, batting lashes. Obliging me to show my respects, at their efforts. 
Through a clouded sky of chimney smoke, the sun was shining . In the harbor, two ships were docked. Sailors scattered, lifting luggage, removing cargo. The smell of an all too familiar bay, was carried with the sea breeze. It was sweet. Nothing like the stench in the Mission, when the vehicles that drove by, spewing exhaust through the air. Not to mention the human stench of waste. Although, I’m pretty sure it was just as bad in these times, as mine. 
Where ever I was, whenever I was. Luken pushed me here with some help from myself.
I took a few steps, out of the way of a horse drawn trolley, piled with people hanging on the sides, jumping off when it came to a halt. Amazed at the things I was seeing, when all the while, I did what I, was allowing Luken to do what he did, with my body. A small pang of fear quickly moved through me. There was no way to know what he was doing, I realized. While he was at the steering wheel. Cringing, I push the thought away. 
I looked down at my hands, covered in a pair of fingerless gloves. I was dressed to the era completely. Clean and dressed better than many of the mortals walking the dusty streets. In my hand I clutched a cane. My hair was pulled into a short ponytail and tied with a red silk ribbon, that flipped in the breeze. The shoes I wore, were polished so much, I could see my own reflection, even through the dust that settled on them. I wore a coat of leather. Long, two inches above my ankle. It covered the fitted pin stripped vest. Layered underneath, a white shirt with loose sleeves, and a collar, loosely tied with the same material as the vest. Very smart.
More ties, I thought. Remembering the one I’d gotten rid of. The red one, Elizabeth gave to me, on my ‘birthday’. I chuckled. Birth. If that’s what they called it, so be it. 
“Thanks for the gifts,” I said aloud, sarcastically.
The coat moved with my stride, swaying back and forth. I felt, I was being watched. Even in this imaginary world. But by who? Luken, from above? No, that’s ridiculous. But-possible. Though he was busy, and soon, I hoped he would let me out.
It was a thought, Perhaps.
“Perhaps?”
From behind me appearing from thin sir, was the God Child that had transformed from magnificent horse like creature, to small child.
It was He.
I looked down upon the child, who was too beautiful too be categorized. It was neither male, nor female and almost to shameful to look at. To stare at it was wrong, to gawk was wrong. I quickly looked away, toward the bay and the harbored ships. At the bustling city.
“You said perhaps, what was it you were answering?” It asked me, coming around to get my attention. Ignoring it, looking over its head and into the oceans vastness, for anything that would help me understand. But I felt the need to speak, speak to someone. Something other than Luken. Fiddling inside the pockets of the coat, I locked my eyes on one of the ships, and answered.
“I was feeling watched. And wondered about Luken. Wondering, what exactly he was doing in my…place. If he was watching or observing me.”
“Ah…I see. So you think it is Luken watching you?” 
Its voice was still as pleasant as I remembered it. Refreshing. The innocents of it. 
I was obliged to try and explain to him. Explain what I had done, “He is the only one in control of me right now, for the moment,” stuttering, as I explained. 
The small voice held conversation with me. I could make out a bit of pity in it. It made me to embarrassed to move. I made the wrong decision, I knew that. Pity was the last thing I wanted…from anyone.
“Do you think he is going to give back your body?” He asked.
“We made a deal,” I explained. Acting as if it were just business.
“I know.”
There was sadness in voice when he spoke now. It caused me turn, to see his face for myself. To see, why there would be this reaction.
“Why do you say it like that?” I asked. “Why are you…upset?”
“You’ve given the monster its turn. But have not opened yourself to me, it makes me sad,” Its hair shown red in the sun light, when the smoke was blown away by the breeze. He gazed up at me. The reddish stringy locks pushed in the way, slightly obscuring his features. I could make out His eyes. One green and the other blue. Like the skies biggest stars twinkling with tears, threatening to fall. 
I fought the urge to comfort it. An annoying feeling I’d never felt. Not for the victims I took, not for the man at the club. This feeling was a bothersome fly, buzzing inside my being. I wanted to reassure Him, tell Him I would listen now. But I could not. I understood that this being was more than I. In every way shape and form. He was a power I could not, and have not understood. Since my creation and since that evening, when I left Freedom. 
It wiped its tears away, with its stark white sleeve. They changed from the clear liquid, to a bloody stain that spread to the edge of its sleeve. Only then did I realize that it was dressed to the period as well. His shirt was an oversized one, down to its knees so only it’s breeches were visible. They were tied at the calf, with two different colored ribbons. A pair of drooping stockings, pulled up from the small brown, tattered shoes. 
“Luken is real to me,” I tried to explain, unable to look away from the stain. The scent was like nothing I’d ever smelled before. 
Strange to me that it did not tempt me. It did not bring the animal in me, to this world. The unknown, small creature before me, whose cheeks were also stained with its blood tears. 
“I understand, it’s a matter of proof.” 
That was exactly what it was, proof. I’d spent many nights fighting Luken’s many persuasive words. It was a never ending battle. But God, hadn’t shown me anything. He hadn’t shown me what things He could do. Even though I knew very well, that there was a deeper entity. With more ability, more of everything, than me. I did believe. Right now, I understood that I was truly insane. Insane for finding worlds in my mind. For allowing insanity to roam the street, and insane for me to believe that I was in fact REAL. I shook my head. I hated myself. I hated what I was and who I was. And for some unknown reason, I had to know what I had to do. Why my existence was to exist. Why the Breeds have all but died out, have been exiled, hidden from the living.
Once we were feared. Now, were auctioned off to the highest bidder and better gene pool. Where did I begin to find such answers? I hadn’t the slightest idea.
Gently, the little being took my hand in His. 
“What do you expect to learn from him? From Luken?”
Its question threw me off. I knew that Luken and I, made a deal. That he said, he would teach me things that I haven’t discovered on my own. So conveniently, forgotten by Benjamin. There was no use faulting him now. I was the one that ran from him.
The touch of its hand was soft and warm in mine. Such contrast. His small fingers and my translucent and pale, cold, grey alabaster skin. Hand in hand. His blood, loud yet softly pumping through its veins. He must be alive, a living creature. Was God a human? A mortal? 
“You did see the demons?” He interrupted, “Didn’t you?” 
I stiffened, uncomfortable and nodded. Of course he would know already. A small amount of pride shot at me. He got what he deserved. 
“Yes I saw them, and what they did. So what?” Why was I getting defensive now?
“You haven’t seen what I can do yet?” He said, laughing playfully. 
My face twisted into a frown. There was something unnerving about His laugh.
We, the child and I, stood in the same space, until the soot covered sun, exposed itself as the moon. 
“It’s almost time for you to leave.”
Gazing up now at the silver orb. The beams of light, extending like diamonds onto a newly explored bay. The clothes I wore in this time, were disintegrating back into my own clothes. Brightly uniformed soldiers, with their enormous wings, were coming and going this imaginary world. The unreadable symbols, that were cut into my stony flesh began to burn. Just as they had, before leaving Freedom. 
Reacting to the pain, I snatched my hand from his and examined them. Then ran my tongue over my fangs, contemplating the questions I wanted to ask. If Luken’s few minutes of rampage was coming to an end, I had to try and get a few answers from this child. 
“Your wondering about the markings?” He asked. Before I could get the words out of my mouth.
I nodded, “Yes, I want to know what the symbols mean, why they’re cut into my skin.”
“They are the symbols of chaos,” he pulled my arms toward him. He gently traced the markings with his finger, “Not all things were perfect in the beginning.”
“Chaos? But why? Why are they on me?” 
The child looked away. Once again, the crystal tears turning to blood, as they fell. 
“It’s a reminder,” he sobbed, “now…remember.”
“What is so great, that it needs to be remembered, and carved into this dead flesh?” I yelled, slapping the markings. My throat was raw and horse. The words I tried to say, came out as a forceful whisper.
There were more than a million questions, I wanted to know the answer too. Instead of asking ridiculous questions of reality, insanity and immortality. My anger and frustration began to rise up inside me. This place was disappearing. Would I return? 
The child and I starred at each other. Now they were green and violet eyes. We studied one another. We had much more to say, and I knew that I was going to have to see, and experiencing my lessons, on my own. Until the god Child, made another appearance.
“Soon, you’ll understand Perish. I will never leave you. I will never turn my back on you. But free will, is what I have given you. And you, as well have this. Be wise in finding yourself, and your origins. In the end, you’ll need to forgive and forget, to get where you need to be.”
“Why? From what I know, I am the epitome of evil. No soul, no life. I drink blood to survive. I kill, the so called innocent, of this world to quench an insatiable thirst. I wander the city, searching for an answer that I can barely form the question to. None of this can be accomplished, if Luken is allowed to fully take my body. But what is Luken? Lord, are you are able to answer, why I am plagued by such a thing? Tell me what am I looking for?” It wasn’t quit what I wanted to say. I let the words pour from me. I wanted to shake the answers from him. Literally, I was blurting out any questions that came to me. Knowing, that he would not tell me. I needed to ask him one more. 
“How can I get these answers? I know you said you can’t tell me what I need to do. But can you tell me, how to get there? The first step? Show me?” I made my last plea.
He smiled at me, “So Perish, your beginning to see. Use the world around you. Read the stars, see what is written. Ask the ones whom have not forgotten the old ways. Not all things that are deemed evil are evil. Ask amongst them. Seek the one, you do not know. Learn to let your senses lead you. Don’t be afraid of what you don’t understand. Instead, embrace it.”
Before I could say anything else, the child disappeared from me. Frantically, I began to look around, when in the distance, the child once again appeared. Surrounded by his angels. 
“Perish, I ask only this of you now. If you do believe, at least a little. Do not take of the children. They are innocents in this battle. They are the ones who will inherit the tragedy, which human and Breed, has so graciously bestowed upon them. If all is set right…,” he giggled. “Well I suppose, I’m saying too much.”
The alternate world and the child, both disappeared. And I was thrusted back into the hands of reality’s suckiness.
*~*~*
Chapter 7-Possession Of Perish
“What have you done?” I yelled aloud.
Back in my body, back in control. Inspecting myself, I realized that I was covered in blood. Entirely! Head to toe. The taste of Luken victims, still on my tongue. While getting grips on what just happened. Luken ended up in an alley. There were no bodies, except one. Still alive. The face wasn’t clear, because it was covered in blood as well. The smell was strong enough to know it was, a she. There was a new smell that came from her. Human, but still new. It was imperative that I try to hear its thoughts, understand why Luken brought her here. 
She was unconscious, and unaware of what Luken had done to it. 
“Go to her,” Luken said, “I told you I would teach you, didn’t I? Now I will show you…a more efficient way to feed from your victims.” 
“What have you done Luken? Your feeding has completely covered me in blood. How is this any better, then when I fed?”
“Go to her.” 
“I don’t want to, I can’t. Explain what you’ve done, while you were surfaced, Luken!”
“This is a lesson you have not learned, listen. Then I’ll explain.”
I wasn’t sure what he meant by ‘listen’. Listen to what? 
“Listen to the heart. Can you hear her heart beating? Can you hear her breathing?”
“Of course.”
It was like speaking to a wall, my own wall.
“Listen harder, listen to it’s rhythm, learn it. The rhythm of a mortals heart, are all the same. With acceptation of the sicker ones. These rhythms, tell you when you should stop your feeding.”
“Stop my feeding? Why would I?”
My focus was entirely on his lesson.
“Why stop? The closer you come to taking a mortals life, the closer you come to taking your own,” he explained.
“You mean, I’ll die?” I asked. 
Luken’s voice hissed as he explained. And took joy in knowing this.
“Not right away of course. But your life becomes short, with every last breath they take. Actually, there is no way of telling when or how you will die. With every life you take to the end, yours is shortened. This is your mystery. The greatest mystery of the supernatural breeds.”
“How is this going to help me find answers?”
His calmness and willingness to help me was making me suspicious. Luken has only tormented me, and threatened me with my death. Now, he is all too helpful. I was truly insane. Bi-polar at this point.
“Now-go to her. Hear her heart beat, quench you thirst.”
On bloodied hands and knees, I crawled on the alley’s wet concrete, towards the girl. Her breathing was labored. Still, there were no thoughts coming from her. In an instant, I could see that this was not just any mortal, that Luken had brought for me to take. It was a child.
Her neck had the puncture marks. Blood oozed from them. Mixing with the grime and garbage she lay upon. For a split second, she gave off a scent. The same scent as Tabitha’s. Even with her hair tangled with dirt and blood, the scent was there. 
This girl, was about to succumbed to my thirst. Prepared by Luken. The urge to touch the wound, called to me. Take in the sweetness of her. All the while, the voice of the God Child echoing inside me.
The children must not be fed on, they are the innocent.
Oh, how painful. I pushed myself away from her. So hard, it was as if I flew. Like an strange unseen force pulled me away. I leaned over on my knees, and began to claw at my own bloodied clothing. My jeans were no longer dark blue, the thermal was soaked through with drizzle and blood. Luken began to laugh, mock me. He called me weak and boyish. 
I threw my hands over my ears. My nails scratching at them until they bled. Wanting to tear them away, so that I couldn’t hear her heart beat anymore. But it was useless. The heartbeats were drumming in my head. 
Luken’s laughter and the God Child’s words. Were driving me over the edge. Ten times more insane, than it already was.
Rocking back and forth next to her. With my hands viciously, clawing at my body. Drawing blood, wherever they lay. This wasn’t my blood. It was the blood of the others. The one’s that I killed, the ones that I took from, that kept me alive.
“Why have you done this Luken?” My voice cracking.
“I have nothing to do with the what, God wants you to do. I do as I please. Like I said before, you can blame me. Because your spineless. But if you blame me, you can only blame yourself.”
“Shut up! Shut up! Why have I allowed you such freedoms?”
I swayed back and forth, trying to control myself. Trembling. Not able to bring myself to take the child’s blood. Thank God, she began to wake up. And like switching on the power. Her thoughts slowly began to form pictures. The memories of how she got here, pouring out to me. Explaining, the bits and pieces of what I did to her.
It was me I saw with Luken in control. 
Crawling through the window of her home, snatching her out of her own bed. So quiet, no one knew she was missing.
She stirred again, moaning. She struggled with Luken, giving him a good fight. In the end she lost to him…me, to his strength. To his bite. She passed out and was brought here. 
A great crime has been committed. I was feeling was remorseful, guilty. A feeling I didn’t get, when I took from the others. The homeless, the prostitutes, the ones I played judge and jury too. There was none of what I felt now. This child, was causing me great grief. She was perfectly innocent.
“Mom,” she wheezed.
A beautiful young woman with curly hair and welcoming smile. My stomach ached, with the thought of what she may feel, when she discovers her daughter was missing.
I moved closer to her, waiting for her to awaken. Eyes rolling behind her closed eyelids. She was glowing the same light that Evie glowed, only hers was a white. 
Her chest heaved up and down, and she tossed and turned at the nightmare. The smell of fresh spring grass, mingling with the stench of the ally. I could heard others walking past the dark place were the girl and I were. But no one noticed. A wall seemed to hide us from them.
The thought of what I had unleashed onto the streets flooding my thoughts. Finally understanding what the consequences would be, if I allowed Luken to hunt for me again. But the damage was done. And this would be the consequence. 
The girl squirmed a little and more, pictures flipped through her mind. Like a flash of lightning, Tabitha with her blond hair. I was sure it was her that I saw, while the thoughts began to move speedily forward.
Did she know Tabitha? She must in someway, and if that was the case. The connection must be made. Making my mind. I would take her from here and to her mother. Or bring Tabitha to the girl. If worst came to worse.
“What have you done?” I repeated. Unable to control the convulsive trembling. The scars on my arms, the ‘reminders’ he called them. Began to burn. 
Grabbing hold of them. Grinding my teeth. At that moment everything, everyone , even the elements, seemed to pause. The air became still, the sounds of the city, unconscious to what was happening in the alley, went silent. Street lights flickered on and off. And an unearthly sigh brushed passed my ears. It all ceased, to live.
Turning quickly to the direction it came from. From the entrance of the ally. Nothing but the orange ambient street light. Someone was watching me. 
Slowly I stood up still grasping my bloodied, burning arms. Concentrating on the entrance.
Luken whispered, “You better run boy, they come for her!” 
If my heart pumped as a humans did, then I believe I would have been scared. A strange reaction, for this body of mine. Just a shell. My heart always beat its same rhythmic slow, thuds. ‘Programmed’. Doing what it’s always done. Filter for energy and nothing more. I stepped in front of the girl, I had to get her to her mother, that was the plan. 
“Who’s there?” I yelled into the nothingness.
Luken cackled. I groaned. Reacting to the burning. To the abuse he’d put my body through.
“They, know you’re here,” he said.
The strength I should have had, was drained away, regardless of Luken’s feeding. I wasn’t quite sure if I could fight back if I needed to.
She screamed. Her thoughts a flurry of snow and blood. Eyes wide with terror. Reacting to me in my bloodied and ripped clothing. She struggled to get to her feet. Her shoes sliding in the blood. Falling backward only to end up in a pile of garbage.
I spun around, following her gaze to the brick wall. She wasn’t screaming because of me, she was screaming at something behind me.
The creeping stench of sulfur cut the air. Long shadows began to transform. Expanding along side the building. 
The girl had pressed herself flat against it. I took a few steps back to follow her movements. The symbols burned red.
I had to let it pass, concentrate on the moving shadows. Slowly, a fragrance of fear and what seemed to be the smell of arrogance, overcame the hellish sulfur. The sides of the wall, the long shadows transformed into something that looked more human. 
From shadow to entity, a black mist encircled us and them. They no facial features, only deep craters where the eyes and mouth should have been. Inside the craters, there was only the reflection of the light post, like that of an animal. Communicating amongst themselves. They grinned at the girl and I. Exposing their rotted fangs. They moved like water, swaying with the breeze.
Their language was strange, I didn’t recognize it. The creatures had pried their way into my head.
Covering my nose. Their stench was unbearable.
Demons. I thought, here for the girl.
From the middle, one of the creatures maneuvered its way to the front. Hunched over, taking laborious steps. Moving side to side, grunting painfully. The others followed, turning into one mass.
There was an unexpected voice that came from this demon. Its movements was mimicked by its speech, laborious. Wheezing and gargling. Its words became recognizable, attempting to speak.
She is an innocent…bitten by one…who is dead, it said to me.
Immediately I was on defense. Clenching my teeth, preparing for the worst.
“No! She is not changed, only bitten.” I yelled, twisting the truth, until I was able to figure it out myself.
This is the will…and the law…of the Realm. Their voices came together in unison.
“But she is not changed, surely you can’t take her if she is only bitten.”
Luken was laughing at me, his was the hiss I expected. Because, I was forced to bargain for the life of a human. With the Realms own occupants. I shocked myself. 
She wasn’t not bitten while I was in control. I know without a doubt, that I would never have crossed that line. The children are innocent, pure, I respected that.
I continued my plea, “I will not allow it. Take me if you have to, but do not take her. She’s only a child. And…,” I could not make the situation better, but I could try a different approach. “I’ll bring the girl to the Society myself.”
For a moment they stood saying nothing out loud. Still they thought among themselves and asked questions to their invisible, Lord, in their tongue What were they to do next? 
Do you have ties to this child? They asked.
Regretting that I‘d said anything of the sort. I turned to look at her. Scared and still pressed against the wall. She straightened herself out, and managed to get herself out of the garbage. She was curious. Thinking it was all a dream. 
“What’s your name?” I asked, keeping in mind, that we still had a dangerous situation.
“Poppy Moira,” She answered, her voice quivering. A tear falling over her filthy cheek. Washing away the dirt. The child and I had no ties to one another. Perhaps they would spare her. 
“Do we know each other?” I asked, for their information and my own.
She shook her head, “No.”
They had their answer.
“So you see, I have no ties to this child. As a breed, I’m only doing as I was told to do in these types of…problems.”
It was never told why we couldn’t feed off of children. Physically, what would become of them. Or if we would do if we come across one, that is already bitten. Perhaps I already knew. We would kill it.
What you say is not true. They wheezed.
What had I gotten myself into?
“Not true? The girl herself, has said that we don’t know each other.”
False.
“Explain to me. I want to know how you think I have ties to this girl. Not that long, minutes ago, I was going to feed on her.”
It is not our place…to tell you anything. We weren’t expecting…you to find…each other so soon. Our master wanted…to know of your…existence. We’ve…discovered more…than we bargained for.
Pointing to the trembling girl.
“That! Is just a girl. Let me take her, if all you want to do intimidate her and to spy on me. Tell your master, Yes, I am real. And there are many others as well.”
Your very stupid…for such a powerful…creature. If your mention…of the other vampires…is meant to intimidate…us? We know they…exist we are…brothers and sisters, connected…to one another. Demons. Our master knows…that you are…different from the…others of your…kind. Don’t misunderstand, they…know of your…difference. They watch your…every move. Anyhow, they…watch you as…well, your…others .
I understood what they meant. I knew that Benjamin wouldn’t have let me leave so easily from Freedom. And now it was confirmed. 
“Is there anything else you want from us?” I asked, as I turned from them and moved toward Poppy.
They didn’t answer, I felt only the wind against my skin and knew they were gone. Their appearance was quickly overshadowed with the predicament I was now in. How was I going to manage this? I was caught in the threads of the human world, more than I cared to be. 
What I’d knew, would become even more complex.
The pain in my arms had subsided. Gratefully. Rubbing at them to hurry their normality.
As always Luken sneered and mocked me.
Poppy, was trembling soaked from the drizzle and the blood. There was nothing to warm her with, this was a mortals natural reaction, to the stress and the cold. We had plenty of that. It was my fault after all. For her being here. Now it fell upon me to get her home now. 
Ignoring that I had lied to the demons. Was turning a blind eye to the promise that’d I’d made, to take her to Freedom.
“Get up,” I commanded, in my most unfriendly of voices.
“Well vampire what will it be?” Asked Luken.
“I’m taking her to Tabitha, it seems they know each other.”
“You’re a softy after all.”
Groaning, annoyed at his comment. No, I wasn’t soft and no, I didn’t care. But, it was the best idea I could come up with. Freedom was the last place I wanted to take her to. Would I be so bold, as to blame it on insanity? That I didn’t do this to her. No one would believe that. No vampire has ever been insane. We were perfect.
Moving swiftly. Too fast for her eyes to follow. I snatched her up. The innocent, near death child, had the faint smell of cinnamon and earth. Her aura growing brighter, her heart beating as fast as a humming birds. Her small body shivering against mine, she weighed no more than one. I tried my hardest to reflect the chill from her. Forgetting, how cold I must feel. 
Cradling her gently. I could have easily crushed her bones and this would be the end of the incident. Of my mistake. I wouldn’t have to take her to Tabitha. I wouldn’t have to make the trip. I could live hidden in the dirt and filth. No one would be the wiser.
“That’s the Perish I know,” Luken chimed in.
I wasn’t going to play his mind games tonight. Luken was always right anyway. I never liked what he had to say.
Poppy lifted her hand to my face. The warmth of her five small fingers brushing against my skin. Snapping me out of my contemplation. 
“What are you doing?” I asked, pulling away from her touch.
“I couldn’t help it, I wanted to touch your skin. To see if it was a smooth as it looked.”
The cinnamon and earth scent bemused me while it stuck where she touched. It brought back something I felt I’d forgotten.
Starring straight ahead I mumbled, “Don’t do it again.”
Dropping her hand away, fixing her eyes on the sky above.
“How did you know?” She asked.
“About what?”
“Where to find me?”
“Find you?” I was confused. Was she babbling? “I don’t understand.”
She nodded, her faced streaked from the tears.
“So I’ll take you to you to your mother.”
“I want to go home.” She whispered.
“Home? I know.”
Why hadn’t I known before. Tabitha and this girl shared the same scent. Was Tabitha her mother? This would explain the constant contact with one another. She couldn’t be. Poppy didn’t show me Tabitha, she thought of a woman with brown, curly hair. Ugh, this was so complicated.
Failed again. I wasn’t trying to find the truth. I denied my abilities again. Like a fool. But still I wasn’t confident enough to allow myself.
I looked to the sky. Wondering if the answers would be that easy to obtain just by wishing on a star. The clouds had dissolved and the drizzle stopped. Has Benjamin sent others to watch me? If he had, I was too stupid to realize. They should already know of the girl. Hopefully leave her and her family alone.
Poppy’s breath was already visible and her skin had gotten hotter in the few minutes, we spent aimlessly walking. She was developing a fever. The cinnamon and earth scent was beginning to fade. Replaced by the smell of sickness. If I didn’t get her home soon, the fever will progress. It was my fault this happened to her.
Shaking her a little, to get her attention, wake her up. Despite all that has happened, she was still aware. But she dreamed. How was I suppose to get her to where she wanted to be? I shook her again, saying her name. And she weakly opened her eyes.
“Where do you live?” I asked quickly.
“I…I don’t.”
I shook again. She was tired, her body went limp. This fever spread.
“Tell me…so I can take you home. To your mother.”
“5.…3...0, Excelsior,” she stuttered her words. But I got an address. It would have been easier to follow a scent.
The streets were gratefully empty. And the sky was still clear. I had not a clue as to where this, Excelsior would be. 
“What are we to do?” I whispered, stopping to check what street I should turn down next.
She was suffering, because of me. The least I could do was take her back to her family. 
I leaned in close to her skin and inhaled the scent that delicately laid upon her. This is where I forced myself to follow the scent, that she was giving off. Hoping it would lead me to her mother. 
“Hold on Poppy, we’ll be there soon.”
There was some sense of urgency. A need to do right, for this human child. Would it been a different scenario, if she were an adult? I’m going to say yes. This was a different situation. Enormously. Besides, I’d already dealt with the ‘mature’ portion of the population, more then I cared to. I laugh.
I held the girl close, hastening my movements. With every step I took, I concentrated on trying to find her scent to aid me. Allowing this ability to come through, willing it. I suppose. It was easy, very natural. All I had to do, was taste the air for the cinnamon and earth. As natural as it was to move swiftly. It still took some work, to catch hold of the scent. Every now and then pausing finding where the scent was leading me. 
It didn’t take me long to reach the corner, where Excelsior turned from Mission Street. An inclined street. Gently, adjusting the girl in my arms. Making sure that she wasn’t hurt while being held in the arms of a stone being. Slightly tightening the hold I had on her. Still dark, time unimportant. This was a quiet neighborhood. And as with most of the city, the stench of heavy population, hovered over it.
The scent that I was following, was much stronger here. It snaked through the avenues and streets. Making it difficult for me to determine were the smell was originating from. I walked up the hill slowly and cautiously. Someone was watching me. Who it could be? Was it more demons, or those from Freedom? Whoever it was, they kept their distance and stayed downwind from me so I wouldn’t catch their scent. As I got closer to the odor. There, in front of us was a large house, on the corner. 
My body tensed. My mind was busy with thoughts. I realized, I had very little in common with Demon and the Breed. Did these spirits, or entities or whatever they were, have the intelligence the Breeds had? The three that I encountered were obviously intelligent. But what of others? Why were those particular demons sent to me? I thought of the angels, when I blacked out in my room. Of the times the child spoke to me, and they did not. They watched me, guarding him. Were they intelligent? Perhaps. They were obliged to answer to someone, and they seemed to obey.
But the puppeteer of the demons did not show itself. Which led me to question, who did they answer to, take orders from? Anyhow, if they came anywhere near me, the stink of sulfur would warn me first.
Their stench still clung to me, even though we did not touched. I shook my head. 
Nasty creatures. What was it they said? Something about a connection to this girl? 
Yes, a connection. Maybe, because I saved her from-me? Refusing Luken’s pressures. Because admittedly, I somewhat respected the God Child, and the laws of my kind. Even though I wasn’t obeying them as they would expect me to.
“Do you know who this girl is?” Luken’s voice shot up an octave. Emphasizing his question. 
As usual his annoying voice sliced through my mind. I never had an entire thought, he always interrupted, at the exact moment, when I may have finally completed one.
I played along, “What do you mean?”
“The girl Poppy, do you know who she is?”
“Should I?” I understood what he meant. I was only acting as if I didn’t. If what he spoke of was, that she was a child. Of course I understood.
“I’m surprised at you Perish. Your truly dense and thick headed,” He sneered, “have you suppressed that much? Well then, perhaps tonight you’ll have the answers and perhaps, whatever your searching for, will come to light.”
I rolled my eyes at his words. 
Insanity suddenly sane. 
But his words didn’t fall on deaf ears. 
The sign was painted white with ‘Excelsior’ in large black, bold letters. The house stood on the very corner, convenient. Poppy’s thoughts were still a jumble of faces, and words that I clumsily blocked out. Her small white aura, was slowly dimming and did so, several times. Waking and sleeping along the way.
“Almost there,” I whispered. And adjusted her again.
The compassion I felt for this child was greatly confusing. Not knowing that there was a specific name for it. I didn’t want to feel it. So many times, including this, the image of Him. The God Child. When he spoke to me, expressing compassion toward me. I guess I owed him this. Owed him? Payback. 
I sighed, I just thought, that it was what he would want me to do. Because somewhere in me, some of what he said, was true.
“You’re a play thing to him, you know?”
Luken!
“I don’t want to hear it,” ignoring him, while he kept talking.
The night sky and its stars seemed closer here. The large white eyed orb above.
Reminding me of Sebastian and Benjamin, their eyes just as pale. As if they could see right through me. This sky, seemed to pull me right into it. I starred up. How large this world was. I was only one breed of multiple others. Yet, I felt so small. 
Poppy shifted and her aura expanded. Bringing me back to the world, under its watchful eye. 
How I would get her inside?
“Ring the door bell. Her humans will find her. Leave her,” said Luken.
Is that how it was done? Okay. Ring the bell, leave her and watch to make sure someone came out to get her. 
I put Poppy on her feet. She swayed a little, moaning refusal. Her temperature had risen another two degrees. She leaned against me, as I stood with her at the door, barred by an iron gate. To the left of the gate, there was a door bell. Before I rang it, I propped Poppy against it. To weak to stand, she sat against it instead. The cool air felt good to her.
All the windows above us, were closed. The blinds pulled. 
Now, there is a myth going around. About vampires not being able to come into a house, unless invited. I’ve never had the experience myself. Benjamin, never spoke of it. Tonight, was a night to possibly, put the myth to the test. 
I took one last look at the girl, I probably destroyed. Guilty. I couldn’t leave her on the street, outside her own home. So, gently, I wiggled my arm under hers, pulling her up.
Taking hold of the rusted bars of the iron gate. It didn’t take much effort to shatter the lock. To repair, it I would leave money. Pushing it open, it made very little noise.
Beyond the gate, in front of us, there was a second door. And a small area. This is where I decided to leave her. It was still outside her own door. But better than nothing. The second door had large windows, that exposed ascending steps. How far was I willing to go for this child? I could have taken Poppy entirely into her home, where it was warm.
Deciding against it, I’d already pressed fate too far already. Ringing the door bell instead, and leaving money to fix the lock, was the safest option. Money from which I’d taken from my victims. Put to better use. 
It was a relief, knowing that I’d gotten as far inside, as I had. There was no turning to dust, no sign of being pushed back by an unseen force, meant to protect the mortals from things like me. If this was the case. Then they had a lot more to fear then I thought. There was no such thing as an ‘invitation’. If I wanted too, I could have the girl and the family, that slept so soundly, unaware of me, for breakfast. 
I stepped back a moment. Thought about it. Let it linger for a moment. Certainly, there was the opportunity.
No, I had a task, and I fulfilled it, “Your home Poppy, sleep well,” I whispered to her, patting her on the head. Soundly, she dozed in the corner. I pulled a few dollars from my back pocket, shoving them in between her crossed arms, as she huddled for warmth.
“For the door,” I said, not sure that she heard. Honestly, I didn’t care what she did with the money. Fix the door or not.
The smell of the cinnamon, blood, and the stench of sulfur, was making my head spin. I was tired as well. And the sun would rise soon. I hadn’t fed or rested, thoroughly. Although Luken provided plenty, it didn’t seem to halt the need to feed. I needed to leave soon. 
Pressing the door bell. Then quickly stepping backward. Hoping I would never have to see this place again. 
What I did to Poppy, was an accident. Now she was home, safe and sound. And I wouldn’t have to know, that she almost died at my hands. Somehow, I felt this was all too easy. 
Two more rings of the doorbell, loud and clear. Still, no one came. No one stirred. I could feel them sleeping. One more try. Third times the charm. 
Swiftly, I moved to the nearest rooftop. Perched on the roof of the house across from hers. Waiting for someone to claim the girl. 
The lights in the room closest to the street, switched on. I heard rustling behind the blinds, but no one came to the window. Thoughts of ‘who it was at this time of night?’ echoed the inhabitants. 
“You still don’t know, do you?” asked Luken.
“No. If you know, why don’t you tell me,” I whispered.
“Isn’t her scent familiar?”
“Who’s?”
“The girl’s?”
“Poppy’s?”
“No.”
I…Luken, was always speaking in riddles. I would have allowed his tricks, if I wasn’t distracted by something that caught my interest. Everything in me began to wake up. 
As you know, I’d already had certain abilities appear from nowhere when triggered. But this was different. I forced his voice to the back of my thoughts. All things surrounding me, for the moment was quiet and still. Like in the ally.
Even the sound of a panicked mother, hugging her child, huddled outside. Dirty with dried blood and dampness. Her lips were moving. The subtle high pitched ringing, was all I could make out. Not loud at all. I tilted my head, straining to listen. 
The scent that I followed to this house, had a grown ten times stronger. The sound that I heard, was suffocating. Eventually, the ringing subsided and I could hear, in the deepest sense. As if the voices, were deeper than I thought. Poppy’s mother, and Poppy’s feverish dreams, would only explain, that I heard their…everything. It wasn’t their voices at all. Not their thoughts. Not Luken.
Only a whisper. Unlike the normal way a mortals voice would sound, when they thought inwardly. Knowing their own voices.
Where? I thought. What is it? 
The ringing faded. Whispers forming words, that I could understand. Accounting for Poppy. Assuming that it was only occupied by her mother and her. Someone else was there, inside the house. Tabitha perhaps? Inhaling the air, tilting my head out of curiosity. Listening for the minuscule sound. 
No, it wasn’t Tabitha. She was more confident in her thoughts, when she spoke.
This voice, didn’t know how to sound. It wasn’t familiar with itself. 
“Rose!” Poppy’s mother yelled, “Rose! Help me, it’s Poppy,” urgency spilling from her voice.
Rose? I nearly lost my balance, as I watched from the edge of the roof. 
“Well? You know now,” chirped Luken.
I shook my head and spoke aloud. 
Denial was the only way I knew how to deal with truth. “No, I don’t, It’s coincidence, it has to be.”
“Really? Coincidence? That you’ve carried that old piece of paper around for years?”
“Yeah! So what? It can’t be the same Rose.” I argued.
“What about what the demons said? About your connection?”
I thought about what they said, I couldn’t forget it. I also couldn’t forget that Luken was the one who brought Poppy to me in the first place. That was no coincidence.
“Why did you bring her Luken? Did you know?”
He was quiet, not answering right away. So this is what it took, to shut him up? Waiting for him to give his answer. He didn’t though, the only sound I heard were the light footsteps coming from the room with the light. They stepped quickly. Whispered numbers, with every step toward Poppy. 
There was a lump forming in my throat. I balled my fist, grinding it into the roof.
Gravel and tar popped into my face. Cutting my cheek. Unfazed. Blood simply oozed out of the cut. Trickling down my cheek. My own rancid smell of lavender seeping out with it. It never bothered me before. To smell pleasant. But what else was a dead man supposed to smell like?
What was I doing here? I thought.
She. Rose, appeared from the darkened stairwell. Bringing her hands to her mouth, she knelt down at Poppy’s side. Who’d wrapped her arms around her mother, when she picked her up. 
Mirroring Rose, bringing my own hands up to cover my face. How familiar to me, as from my perch, I watched intently. Poppy’s mother picked up her limp child. And instructed Rose to get her a glass of water. Rose never answered. Only nodded, then she was gone, back up the steps. Stumbling forward, I tried to watch were she went, catching myself. 
What was happening? What were they going to do with Poppy? Of course they would call the police. I leaned back against the wall of the roof. I would have to leave soon.
Of all the events of tonight. All the things that Luken did to Poppy. It was too lead me here. I did know them. I’d seen their faces from a clipping, when I was in captivity. Forgotten, almost instantly since coming to Freedom. Forgetting her. She. Rose, was my sanity.
“You better hurry, before you’re a pile of dust at her front door,” Said Luken. I looked up and saw the change in the sky. 
“Yes…I know. I’ll be back, now that I have a step to were I need to be,” expecting, sirens of Police cars. When none came. Doubtful I would return.
Leaving the little family to figure it out themselves. I returned to my refuge. Drained, using all the strength I had left. Making it into the darkness of my urban crypt, before the sun graced the streets with its burning rays. Burying myself in the shadows. I lay on an old cot, that occupied this place before I did. It was the room, I tried to get away from, my entire life. The only difference, I came and went as I pleased.
Starring at the ceiling, I rested and my thoughts were of Rose. Of what she whispered that I couldn’t hear? What was it that she commanded in me? 
I was restless even though I knew I was tired. Choosing to rest first, then feed later in the night. 
The sun was turning the afternoon into an unbearably hot day. Instead I simply lay in the cot. Waiting for the sun to sink into dusk. Watching the shadows move across the walls. 
****
“Where have you seen him?”
Benjamin adjusted his vest and jacket. Paced around, until he reached the display of six or seven vials of blood, lining it. He picked one up and lifted it close to his eye. Tilting it, so the blood coated the glass.
“In the Mission. He rests in an abandoned building. Horrid conditions, for someone of his standard.” 
“Disappointing, I know. Your brother never took to this lifestyle.”
“When should I bring him home?”
Benjamin replaced the vile and picked up another. Examining it as if it were going to spill out the answers. Carefully, he carried it to a large desk, covered in large parchment papers and books open to pages about blood types, and origins. He scribbled on a small piece of paper, ‘O-’, and stuck it to the bottom of the vile. Returning it to the mantle.
He sighed, “In two days we will collect our…antiquity.”
“He won’t put up much of a fight. How could he?” 
“Perish left us and has lived a life he’s never known. Freedom, to do what he wanted. Connect somehow,” He took a step back. Admiring his collection, “Don’t underestimate him, when he finds what he is looking for, Sebastian. Don’t underestimate Perish.”
Sebastian lowered his eyes. Shoved his slender hands into his jacket pockets. Gracefully, effortlessly he turned, walking toward the door. Disappointed. 
He paused, “I’ll do as you ask and bring him home, one way or another,” he said.
“Don’t do anything that you’ll regret. You are not as precious to me, as he is.”
Benjamin suddenly wasn’t the caring father that he’s always been. Sebastian was expendable. Benjamin made it clear to him, that he was only another, ‘pet’ to Benjamin. Sebastian left the room, agitated. Storming to his own room, gripping the knob. Gripping so hard, that he cracked the wood that it was screwed into. Falling apart in his hand. Breathing deeply, he let it crumble to the floor.
“What’s the matter? Have you heard anything?”
Evie was there. She’s been there everyday, since Perish left. 
Sebastian was his best friend, brothers, and the only one that Benjamin obliged to find him, and bring him back. Information, was all Evie was looking for.
“Two days,” he grumbled, shoving the door open. Evie kept stride behind him.
“What? Two days. Is that what Benjamin says?”
Sebastian dropped himself into his chair, and placed his hand over his eyes. His thoughts were jumbled.
“Sebastian! Is it what Benjamin ordered?” Evie asked again. He was tired of the voices, the questions, all the orders. All he wanted now, was to sleep and to clear his mind. 
“Sebastian?”
“WHAT!” He snapped. In an instant, he was on his feet, nose to nose with the girl. He unintentionally startled her. Quickly, he corrected himself. Chuckling nervously at his lack of self control. He turned away from Evie, making his way toward the liquor displayed, on a round table. A few tumblers and wine glasses, surrounding three bottles. Pouring himself a glass of what ever bottle he touched first. Whiskey. It would have to do. 
“What Evie?” He repeated, exasperated
She stood motionless and said nothing. Stunned, at his reaction. Afraid. He’d never taking to stress easily. Besides, she was mortal and Sebastian was not. She has definitely forgotten that he is a higher being. And she shouldn’t be asking questions of him, concerning Perish. He was doing her a favor by keeping her in the loop, and she was very grateful to him.
She was in love with Perish, and had been since she first met him. He knew it, of course and kept her at arms length, for her own good. But also, because he didn’t care for humans either. He tried to tell her. Discourage her, push her away. Evie’s feelings did what came naturally, growing stronger.
She did everything for him. Knowing that he was, at least a bit thankful for it all. Sebastian knew too of course. Perish had confided in him about her actions. He found that it was, amusing and flattering. There wasn’t much advice he could offer, he liked mortals, especially mortal women. Sebastian was most often requested, when Socialites made a ‘contribution’.
He mentioned to Perish, one night. If she were of the social scene, he would get to know her better. That was the end of that conversation. At least for advice, from Sebastian. 
“In two days he’ll return?” she asked again. Her persistence driving him a little crazy.
Sipping his drink he answered, “Yes.”
Her thin lips spread across her oval face. Pretty and petite. Long blond hair, falling to her waist. She almost never wore it up. The black she wore brought the specks of green in her eyes, to the forefront. Making her gaze almost immortal. 
“That’s wonderful news. Is it on Benjamin’s orders?”
“Yes.”
“Are you going to say anything else? Aren’t you relieved?” She asked.
He took a long sip of his drink. Placing the glass back. And starred at the girl. He’s always liked looking at Evie.
“What’s so good about him?” He asked, as he regarded her from where he stood.
“W…what?”
“You’re a lot more stupid than I took you for. I thought, you were at least smart enough to know that your feelings could never be returned. Especially, from Perish,” the liquor was talking. Inching closer, cocking his head side to side, as he looked her up and down. Eventually circling her. Immortals could never hold their liquor. What he saying was true, but she was an optimist when the subject was Perish.
“It could happen,” she said, folding her arms across her chest suddenly, uncomfortable in his presence.
“You really think so…don’t you? Well, you’d have better chances with me. I’m a living breathing body. Look,” he thrusted his hand at her. “I’m warm to the touch. I have living blood coursing through these real veins. But yet you fell for that…THING. He doesn’t have a clue, and neither do you,” his words were slurred. His balance was off, and he was wearing down.
“Sebastian stop this. You’re his friend. How could you speak this way of Perish?”
He sloppily dropped his hand to his side and stumbled two steps at Evie.
“You are so blind. It doesn’t matter anyway,” he scoffed at her. “Your petty emotions mean very little, to precious Perish. Maybe…Maybe you should find an Immortal? Better yet, a mortal who will return your affections.”
Evie eyes grew wide and defensive. She stepped to the drunken Sebastian. Her temper pushed caution to the side. Forgetting what he could do. 
Sebastian’s hair was in disarray and is eyes were not the bright white that was distinctly immortal. Instead they were grey and dull. 
“What are you saying?” She asked.
He scoffed, “Why?”
“You know something. Why won’t you tell me?”
The alcohol caught up, tiring him. Stumbling away, he crashed into the chair, throwing his legs over the armrests.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” He slurred and pouted. Not making anymore sense.
Evie tried to pull more from him. “Hurt me? You, don’t want to hurt me?”
“Hesfoundher,” it was one word.
To Evie it sounded as if he said, ‘He’s found her’. 
This wasn’t what she was expecting him to say. Maybe it was a mistake. Her heart sank to the pit of her stomach. Compelled to get more answers from him, she knelt at the side of the chair, and corrected the silver mop of hair.
“Found who, Sebastian?” Her voice cracked and her eyes stung. 
“Evie, don’t do this to yourself.” Sebastian took her hand in his. Holding it tenderly. His eyes closed, and remained that way as he spoke. 
“It’s not going to change anything, Sebastian. Not going to change my feelings for him.”
He sighed, “No? Then I feel sorry for you,” he snickered at her.
Evie pulled her hand from him. And stood over him. Tears finally breaking free. Sebastian wasn’t fazed. His eyes watched her through slits and raised eyebrows.
“You son of a bitch!” She seethed.
Sebastian was amused at her outburst. Amused, with her devotion to Perish. 
“In two days Evie, WE, will bring Perish back. Tomorrow you will accompany me and finally see for yourself. Leave me.” Sebastian closed his eyes, rolled over in the chair and passed out.
Evie starred at the creature. Not knowing how to thank him. Confused and happy. Mad and sad. She had no right questioning Sebastian, the way she did. And still. He didn’t stop her.
Until tomorrow then. 
She would see for herself, if what he told her was true. She wouldn’t dwell on the news, it hurt too much.
****
Poppy’s fever was at one point, 100 degrees. She didn’t remember much, of how she got be outside in the first place. She told her mother, she thought she was dreaming and must have walked in her sleep. Ending up down stairs. To her mother, it didn’t make sense for her daughter, who’s never had a sleep walking problem. To develop it now, didn’t make sense to her. 
Maybe she ate something? Maybe she has an allergy? There had to be an explanation for what happened. Then there was the door bell. Maybe someone passed and saw the girl at the door? And what about the broken lock on the door? There was something else going on here. 
Whatever the case poppy was doing well and home safe. They were grateful to that.
But, it seemed like when it rained it poured. 
Ivy and Rose were still hurting from the death of their father. Ivy, a single mother took on the responsibility of bread winner. Their own mother, working as a live in caretaker for a disabled veteran.
Rose, at the age of seven was stricken with a neurological virus, and wasn’t expected to live. She is thirty years old. And can say, she’s had near death experience.
For days and months, she stayed in the hospital. In the end, she recovered. As if she was never at the brink of death. Normal. Except for an important part of any human. Destroyed. All motor functions and senses operating, except one. Rose doesn’t speak, couldn’t if she tried. With the sickness, came the virus, came the nausea. The constant acids eating away at her larynx. Making it both difficult to speak. Doctors resorted to IV feeding. Telling her that she would have to have, her larynx removed. It was useless. Its been a long time since she’s said a word. Since, she’s heard her own voice. 
Ivy sat on the edge of Poppy’s bed. She watched television and sipped on orange juice. 
Concerned and trying not to make a bigger deal of it. Even if it was, “Do you need to go to the doctor?” Ivy asked.
Poppy shook her head, “No, I’m just tired.”
“Okay. Call me on my cell if you need anything, before I come home from work. Is there anything special you want for dinner?”
“Ooo, Um yeah, ravioli. You know, in the can,” she answered, without batting an eyelash.
Ivy sighed and got up, shaking her head. 
“Really? That’s it, you don’t want me to cook something healthy? I can roast a chicken with vegetables. Corn or peas?” 
Poppy scrunched her nose, shaking her head at her mothers suggestions. 
“Fine,” Ivy gave in. “But tomorrow I’m making baked chicken and veggies. No if ands or buts! Whatever, I prepare you’ll just have to eat it.”
“That’s cool,” Poppy hadn’t heard a word Ivy said. She was more interested in the television.
Giving up on their conversation, she left the room. Relieved that Poppy recovered so quickly. Enjoying her day off from school. She moved around the house, getting ready for her ‘dream career’, as an art teacher. Teaching at a private high school. She shoved paint brushes into an eco friendly bag. Checking and double checking. Making sure she had her car keys, purse and cell phone. 
At the top of the steps was a painting, she was trying to complete. It was going to be tricky, but she was determined to get it all down the steps without falling. Slowly, Ivy put one foot in front of the other. Feeling her way down. It wasn’t going to work. 
“Rose!” She yelled. Finally accepting that she needed help, “Can you bring this to the car?”
Rose popped her head out of the hallway and smiled at her little sister. Always there to help. This wasn’t necessarily the way she wanted to help. But it was the least she could do, just being there to do so. Ivy never held any grudge toward Rose. She loved her sister and knew that in time, Rose would find were she was supposed to be, in life. In the mean time, she and Tabitha would help Rose get over her shyness. Occasionally, Ivy would bring her along to class to assist her. Rose got a lot out of the free lessons.
Rose took the half done painting from Ivy’s hands. Swinging the bag, with the supplies, over her shoulder. 
Ivy smiled, “Thank you.” 
Rose nodded and returned the smile. Slowly taking steps, as Ivy confirmed Roses ability to watch Poppy for the day.
“Are you going to be okay watching her?” She asked, slowly descending.
Rose Nodded, Yes.
Ivy adjusted her own armful of art supplies, “Just making sure.”
The two went through the broken gate. Wondering, what could have possibly happened.
“It’s an old gate. I’ll get that fixed tonight,” Ivy laughed nervously, “It’s a miracle that nothing happened to Poppy. To any of us, really. Maybe God is watching us after all. Maybe we’ve got favor.”
Rose smiled, she felt a little nervous about it too. Maybe there could be some truth to Ivy’s words. 
It’s just plain creepy, thought Rose. 
Rose placed the bag of brushes and paint in the trunk of her sisters trusty, Ford Explorer. Ivy gently placed the painting inside, so that it wouldn’t dent the canvass.
With the car packed and ready to go. Ivy waved to her sister, and thanked her for her help. “See you guys in a bit. Tell Poppy I’ll grab a ‘bucket o chicken’ on the way home. That has to be better then canned ravioli.”
Rose pointed to herself and stirred the contents of an imaginary pot. Offering to cook. 
“Where’s your note book?” Ivy asked. Always frustrated with the miming.
Rose rolled her eyes. Frustrated as well, she pulled a mini composition book accompanied by a pencil.
Quickly, she scribbled the words and handed it to Ivy.
“No, its okay. Just keep and eye on Poppy. We still don’t know what happened. Relax, and let me know if there are any changes or she…disappears,” she laughed nervously again. “Well, better go. Gotta beat traffic.” 
Rose watched as her sister got into the car. Taking a look around the street again. For good measure.
Poppy had fallen asleep with the straw still in her mouth, the cup tilted across her chest, poised to spill. Gently, Rose took the cup and straw and turned the television off.
She was truly grateful that her niece wasn’t hurt and was safe. It could have been a different outcome. Then she felt a sudden sadness, at the thought. 
What really happened? 
She thought she was dreaming.
Poppy shifted herself to the side. Exposing her neck. There was something strange that appeared on it. Rose was taken back. Slightly above the collar bone. She wanted to wake her up and ask Poppy. How had she, or Ivy not noticed it. Poppy, surely had to know. Why didn’t she say anything? 
Rose knelt at the side of the bed, careful not to disturb the soundly, sleeping little girl. Getting a better look. It didn’t seem to be a deep wound. Actually, it looked nearly healed.
It could have come from anywhere. Maybe she hurt herself at school. Or maybe doing whatever, a ten year old does. Kids are accident prone. It had to have happened last night. When the door was broken. Surely, Ivy hadn’t seen it, she would have taken her to the hospital. 
The closer she got, she could clearly see that it wasn’t just a scratch. It was a deep gash resembling rows of teeth. The deepest seemed to be to puncture wounds amidst the row. 
Rose gasped. 
This couldn’t be what I think it is?
Maybe she was seeing things. A cold chill struck her.
Rose took another look. It was there, as plane as day. A scar that seemed to be healed. Realistically, it could have only been inflicted that night. 
Poppy readjusted, to her other side. 
She looks normal.
Rose reached out to touch her. She didn’t need too. Poppy’s fever had resurfaced. Rose began to tremble.
What was I thinking? There is no such thing.
Quickly she called Ivy.
****
To Curious,
I have received your short letter. Thank you for respecting my wishes. I will try to answer them as best as I can. In a timely manner. 
The question you’ve asked me, is simple enough.
What’s my age?
One hundred and eighty nine years old. At least as far as I know. Twenty seven in human years. Your second question was interesting to me. 
What do vampires smell like? 
I hadn’t thought of it, because the only scent that is so prominent, are the humans. You all have a distinct smell. Some pleasant, some not so pleasant. As for vampires, I suppose we have our own scents. As mortals, you tend to smell the attractiveness of the Breed. 
The way I see it. We carry the scent that is most pleasing, to that particular human. A chemical. A natural scent, a pheromone. As far as I know, all vampires have a scent, with earthy or blood tinged undertones. When our own kind smell each others scent, its like someone trying to cover it with a scented candle. Myself, I’ve been told I carry, lavender with a blood signature. Anyhow, I hope that answers your questions.
Well, I suppose I should continue with my letter to you. And please, at anytime let me know if the letters are becoming bothersome. 
Anyhow. Luken was right to a degree. I was at risk of bringing attention to myself. Because of pure curiosity. But I was sure, he’d brought me here for a reason in the first place. This was what I asked of the God Child.
Wasn’t it?
And so I must accept it. 
I’d found her. The one who I’d forgotten. The night before, I’d put her family in jeopardy.
Luken continued talking into the evening. Forcing him to be quiet by not listening, drowning him out. I had become used to doing this. But somehow, he always found another way to get in my head. 
Peeking through the cracks of my abode. I watched the same simple minded humans, passing me by. None the wiser. It was just like last night. 
It was Saturday and the streets seemed busier than normal. Mortals lived for days like these. This afternoon was warm, a small precursor to the evening. These were the best evenings. The skies would be starry and clear. 
Good hunting tonight.
The cot creaked and groaned as I settled into it. Tempting me. The smells of the upright buffet outside my door.
Something was following me and eventually, would make itself known. I would be ready when it happens. The question remained, who was following me?
The demons said it was Benjamin’s people. Why would they give me that information freely? And the situation with Poppy. She was bitten. Sure she wasn’t changing. But to be honest there were some rare instances when it came to a Vampires bite. Especially in children, and if they carried a particular blood type. Those with this type would be strong enough to resist? In Poppy’s case, I would need to make absolutely sure. If she was O negative; I would need to take action. 
And what of Rose, and the strange way she thought to herself. Rose? My curious pen pal. Then, I still didn’t get the connection we had. I was focused on nearly damaging her family in a single night. 
What had I done with the clipping? Tossed it in the corner with the bag. 
Unable to bring myself to retrieve it. I’ve always had a strange reaction to her, even through the picture. The strange ringing mostly.
“You don’t have time for plans Perish,” Luken said. “The night doesn’t wait for you.”
“I know.”
Once again, forgotten, was the clipping, and the bag which it lay in. It would have to wait, my thirst was stronger, then a crumpled memory. It was getting difficult. To deny the thoughts when the taste of my meals, were waiting. 
Soon dusk. The sun fell low. It was dark enough now. Like any other night I wandered the streets. As if I were one of the mortals. Listening to their conversations. Rude, I know. Hunger was always the spark that ignited my nature. The time when I usually contemplated God, the living and the dead. 
What was so good to God about these humans? Why had Lucifer felt so inferior to them, that he had to challenge Him? Only to be cast down with his followers. Did He know, that he would do it? Question him? Was that the plan all along? 
I didn’t fault Lucifer, he had a good point. Mortals were stupid, fragile and misguided. What was Gods plan for them anyway? It was God, I’d committed the crime against. 
In the mean time, I was in self exile, here. This must have been how he and his followers felt. There wasn’t anything special about mortals. All of their thoughts, their actions, were purely superficial. They thought of nothing but themselves.
Quietly, stalking the streets for my meal. I’d made my way toward the pier. Coming dangerously close to a couple. Lovingly holding hands, as they walked through a tourist packed Embarcadero and Pier 39. Shamelessly, I listened to their thoughts. The flashes of memory, the thought of how happy she was and how nice it was, to be with the man she held hands with. She showed me images of a daughter they had together, and the future she hoped to have. She was content in her life, working as a waitress at a tacky, skin themed restaurant making good money. But not really pursuing her goal. She was too occupied with her babies father and scared of being alone. 
His thoughts were almost just as disturbing. Yes, they had a child together but, in the beginning had no intention of wanting that baby. The events of wanting her to abort the child and now, just going with flow of their lives together. Not really making the right decisions in his own life. She pulled his strings. In his mind, flipped the images of promises and words of intimacy to each other. But somehow, he decided to stay. The child was the lock that connected them, blood and responsibility. 
I watched them and walked at their pace. Pretending they were enjoying the evening. Pretending to have the true feelings, that mortals spew on each other. She smiled at him a genuine smile. All the while holding in their petty secrets, that could destroy their beautifully, orchestrated relationship.
She definitely wasn’t the perfect mother, girlfriend, student, daughter or friend. He was no father, student, athlete or son. Of course, they could not live without each other but they were weak, both on the inside and the outside.
I scoffed at them to myself, as I closed out their thoughts and shook my head at how silly they looked to me. Two children, pretending they knew what the word meant. Love. They have barely scratched the surface, it seemed. And I didn’t believe they would last much longer. The two desperately depended on one another. The truth has a way of finding its way to the surface. And these two seemed to have an abundance of lies. It would come in waves. No doubt, the one who would suffer, was the daughter they had that neither one saw on a regular basis. She was an infant of convenience.
Maybe I was judging them, without knowing them. What would I gain if I did? Nothing. I didn’t have a stellar relationship with humans. It wasn’t as if I knew what the word meant either. I hadn’t experienced emotion of that manner. To me it would never be possible. I wasn’t programmed that way.
Luken reminded me all the time. To him I was an idiot, a crazy vampire idiot. The concern to try and understand wasn’t necessary at this point. I continued to follow behind the couple. Disregarding the Child Gods request. My thoughts switching to Poppy, every now and then. It would be dealt with if she didn’t survive the bite. I had committed a crime against the breeds, and would have to leave Sebastian and my recent discovery of Rose. One way or another, I didn’t see a positive outcome. 
Regretting, that I didn’t do as I’d told the Demons I would. Take Poppy to Freedom. I can’t return to Poppy’s family, I should turn myself in. Go to freedom. Sure, Benjamin would welcome me back. I wasn’t thinking clearly. It wouldn’t be unexpected. The short stay was extraordinary, the short life I spent outside of Freedom. Surprisingly, I especially missed, Evie and Sebastian, their companionship. What would The Society do? What would become of the Poppy and her family, if she became one of…us? As the couple walked and the sound of their strained laughter faded. It dawned on me. That I knew, why I was never stopped from leaving Freedom. 
Why Benjamin never prepared me for Luken. With his own abilities he would have surely known that I was struggling with him. You see, I thought that I was free. Only I wasn’t. I have been strategically placed on a chess board. Pushed and pulled until I was in the place were Benjamin wanted me to be. I wasn’t free. I’d done exactly what I was supposed to do. The dots were beginning to connect. But…I was speculating. Wasn’t I?
“Shall we hunt?” Asked Luken, excitement melting from his voice, breaking the panic.
Agitated now. To know that I was blind to what I had neglected to understand. Holding it in, knowing that when I fed I would show little restraint. Because I was in a mood. That I’d subconsciously do something for me, for a change. Knowing that whoever was following me, they could be a victim too. My message to them. I wouldn’t hold back when it happened. And I hoped, that the news would reach Benjamin, that I wasn’t a stupid spoiled, naive child. Who only needed to get away. 
In the mean time, what was I going to do? Survive. How can I deny, what only came naturally? Justify my curse, stalking the mortals. Allowing Luken a small bit of freedom, which helped in our search for victims. 
Keeping close to the shadows of the buildings, scrutinizing the various potentials that, cautiously walking passed me. I couldn’t truly blend with the mortals. There was a built in fear mechanism, that made them stay away. They knew I was there, as I hunted. They starred at me. Fear of the prey. But I paid them little attention. Like I said, humans were only skin deep. My concentration was irremediable. I was deep in thought. With the hunger and a narrow epiphany festering within. There were too many distractions. 
“Make it fast Perish. Your very own stalker is slinking about,” Luken warned. Sometimes I had to be thankful for this double agent, that dwelled inside. 
“Thank you,” I said to him, humbly.
I paused for a moment, when I came to a hill. Park benches, placed underneath a few trees, all facing the bay. 
How-romantic.
Branches swayed in the welcoming breeze, cooling the afternoons high temperature. There were a number of couples seated on the benches. Cooing in each others ears. Saying that word. 
I groaned, “Again?” 
Odd how pleasing weather, can bring out the most stupid of creatures.
I would have to find my meal here, along the path. My stomach complained of hunger. Surveying the couples. It was like choosing a nice steak. In the distance I heard the bells of the Ferry building clock tower in the distance. Counting each pounding gong. Ten o’clock.
“Have you decided on a donor tonight?” Luken asked, irritated at having to wait.
“I have. Two actually.” 
Feeding caused a strange transformation. Much like the Wolf Breed. Just not a grotesque physical one. The first time it happened, was a night in Freedom. When Evie was almost the victim. If it hadn’t been for Sebastian, she would have been drained. I was younger then.
Dear Curious, its not the most exciting sight to see. It’s very much a gruesome experience. Taking ones blood, is a matter of life…for me. Not an erotic pleasure. When I get the hunger. I was told, that although my eyes have no original color. They flood the darkest of blood red. Sebastian described it as, impenetrable darkness. 
I can’t remember everything, that happened that evening, with Evie. Just that once again, I neglected to properly feed. Causing me to turn on Evie. I was under Luken’s control. He fed off of my growing hatred and thirst. He called me, an animal. While he clawed at Evie’s clothing. Sebastian pulled me off of her himself, with more strength than he was expecting to use. He said, I fought him, until I seemed to pass out. Later, to wake me, she gave her blood to me, willingly. I never said thank you. Sebastian never mentioned it to Benjamin, or to anyone else. We didn’t speak of it again. If I see them again…I will. Say Thanks.
Anyhow. In the park, sat a couple on the park bench. They didn’t notice anyone or anything around them, as they pet each other in the dark. I circled them quietly sizing them up. Coming up behind them. I would start with the girl. Unconsciously, biting my lower lip. Releasing my own blood onto my tongue. Grinning, I felt the fire burning, double the pain. My arms ached. Beautiful chaos. 
The youngsters never knew what hit them. Luken yelled commands. Pushing me to ‘hurry and to relish in the wine’. Sure, there was no one to see. Just the three of us. I convulsed with every drop I took of her. Pulling her head back, as the blood gathered in her throat and gagged her garbled screams. 
She was thinking. Oh yes, this girl just turned twenty, was pregnant, and just that evening, killed her unborn child. Death seeped from her blood, from her skin. She had gotten away with it, and lied to her loved ones. 
“Not to the end Perish, remember,” Luken reminded me. Yes! Okay I remembered. The frenzy overwhelming me. Her heart beat slowed, to a hollow, dull thump. I was done and pulled away. Taking a little more…for posterity. I didn’t see why she should go on.
My strength was growing, I pulled my head back and inhaled the smell of her blood. Mercilessly, I tossed her body, to the side. 
She could join the child she just killed. Say hello for me. Little one, have your revenge.
Now, for her other half. Staring, petrified at what had just happened to his lover. Unable to scream. I scoffed at him. Just as guilty. It was his child as much as hers. Blood on his hands. Liars. This was retribution, and they both knew it. The power of fear. What was it like to know you were going to die? Know that it was something like me, that was going to do it?
Sweet, sweet energy. Sinking in, as I drank up their adrenaline. I was their God now! At this moment. I choice to take them. I was the executioner. Feeding on him with my eyes, wide open. The boys eyes growing large and grotesque. The whites of them were flooded with dark red. He opened his mouth attempting a scream, but only a small eek of sound came from him. Defecating on himself. 
“That’s a first,” I laughed aloud. It didn’t bother me in the least. They were more animal, then I thought they were.
“It’s natural,” Luken said. “Don’t forget the rules,” reminding me again.
Feeling enormously playful, I didn’t want to kill the wriggling man, right away. Pulling him close. Bloodied tangles of my hair fell into my face, as I leaned into him. Their memories beginning to flip. They were young and stupid. It was a scene, I’d seen all to often. I didn’t find one ounce of pity in me, that would tempt me to save them. They’d thought of no one but themselves. Selfish animals. Planning and untruthfully living their daily lives. To them, they’d did nothing wrong. The both of them, cowards. My hatred for these beings took me over. Young adults who knew nothing of the world, except that there were easy escapes from their mistakes. Now they both experienced another fault in the world. Cowardice and my fangs. 
Through his eyes I saw, he had other plans. He was growing tired of the girl and her over bearing mentality. He didn’t want to be a father in the first place. I had come across this before.
I had to hear it from him, “Humph…really? Your tired of her?” I asked, a little amused at the agitation he felt for her. Not love, anymore.
“Y…Yes,” he eeked. Hoping telling the truth would redeem him.
“Maybe I should let you live?”
“W…what?” Stuttering deliriously.
“What? What. What am I or What do I do with you?” 
I nodded, daring him to answer.
“Y…Yes.”
I twisted my head quizzically, annoyed.
“No!” 
And with a flick of my wrist I sunk my fangs into his throat. Crushing his windpipe. It crunched in my jaws. With his last breath, his own blood choked it from him. He jerked violently. Put up a bit of a fight. But I was stronger than him. My body was rejuvenated as their blood flowed to every part of me. His heart beat drummed the last beats, signaling his last day on this earth. 
Dead.
His body next to the girl, they slept in each others arms. In love.
I wasn’t myself, anymore.
Rest now,
P.F.
*~*~*
Chapter 8-God Like
I was feeling more God like, tonight. Never letting Luken really take me while he cried out to be free. Laying dormant for too long. He would have rushed from me like a champagne bottle, when the cork is released. All reality of me, reality of the capabilities that I never touched, were becoming more and more clear to me. 
Could I really stand being in the presence of them? The ones that I was now going to see? Rose and her family. I didn’t know for sure, how I would react without knowing what my capabilities held. 
An overwhelming urge to rest, tonight swept over me. I ignored it. I’d gorged on more than my stomach could hold. Plus, I needed to understand, what part I played with Benjamin, it plagued me. Sitting around wouldn’t give me answers. The only way I would understand, is if I went back to Freedom. But before I did. Deciding it would be inevitable, were I would end up. I needed to see for myself, what condition Poppy was in.
I walked the rest of the way. I was in no rush tonight, although through my feeding, I got a shot of adrenaline. I was taking in the warmth and the night air. Slowly, I was beginning to crash. The blood filled me, raising me, then dropping faster than I knew how to handle. Noticing, I was consuming more and more, as I discovered more of my abilities. This feeding, assisted in keeping the voices to a low volume. Listening to breeze instead. I could get there faster if I wanted to. Tonight, I preferred to take my time, the sun wouldn’t rise for eight more hours. 
Straightening my clothing, checking for any blood, that may have spattered on me. There was a little. Before I left the bodies in the park. I fancied the jacket the boy wore. A dark blue, wool pea coat. A warm jacket for the unpredictable weather of San Francisco. Although it was a warm night. As the evening wore on, it would get progressively colder. Rummaging through the pockets, he had a new pack of cigarettes, a lighter and two condoms. 
“Stupid,” I said aloud, tossing the cigarettes and its companions, over the rail that separated the ocean from the shore.
Tonight I wanted to awaken. Explore the limitlessness of my powers. At this time, Luken enjoyed watching me struggle. As the voices penetrated my mind again. Always the same thing, the same complaints, the same woes. Just at a lower volume.
I sighed. It was equivalent of having an mp3 player, with the music blasting in your ears. Only, I couldn’t turn it off, completely. When I did, it always found its way back. Moving into the night. Noticed by them again. They, knew that I was evil and moved aside. There were so many voices. Too many to separate and decipher the conversations in each of them. Luken spoke to me. His voice was the clearest. Another lesson. 
He said to me, to feel their emotions. That when I concentrated on the one. Only then, would I be able to hear a single thought from the crowd. So, I did as he said. Zeroing in on a young man, walking alone. His hands, deep in his pockets, and his head hanging low. Slowly and methodically he passed the big Ben replica. The entrance of the ferry building. Occasionally and unassumingly, dodging bicyclists. 
“If you can find the voice that matches the emotion, then you can home in on the thought,” directed Luken.
I tried listening for his thoughts, walking at his pace. Loneliness and abandonment rushing at me like a wave. There was a mist that shown around him. A mist similar to Poppy and Evie. Small and grey. 
“Concentrate Perish.” 
I nodded. I listened. 
Everything around me including the other voices disappeared. Shutting it all out. All I saw was the boy. He was Contemplating. Thoughts flowing easily without interruption. Suicide. 
Reality. It surprised me, what he planned to do. I wasn’t concerned. I was still the mortal hating vampire. I could really care less. But to take ones own life, because of petty emotions was well…crazy.
“What are you doing?” Luken asked.
“I’ve heard enough.”
Snickering, he said, “Can’t handle it aye?”
“It’s the same,” I replied trying, to sound indifferent. Knowing that the mortals and I had a small similarity. 
Luken caught hold of the thought and asked, “What do you mean?”
“It seems they have more of a connection to death, then I do.” 
It was true. The entire night consisted of humans committing malicious deeds. Mortals of all ages. And in every manner. And I thought of the fallen, that followed the Star. This is what they saw in the mortals. Nothing that was worthy of such grace and mercy. Their reasoning for questioning God. Why were they so coveted and protected?
Play things, toys. Maybe His own curiosity.
The marks on my arms began to throb. Ignoring it, I continued on my way. Gradually, I’d gotten used to the pain. But my body was reacting to something. This was different. A warning perhaps. I
 sniffed the air. Tasted it. The scent was not mortal. Standing still for a moment, starring into the sky, gazing at its stars. Fixing my eyes on brightest. Putting to work what Luken taught me. Already knowing that the scent was anything other than mortal. If it were demons the marks would be bright, causing excruciating pain.
“Keep trying,” A voice with the familiar musical tones. Urging me to continue.
Swiftly, I turned around and saw no one. 
Panicked, “Did you hear that?” I asked Luken.
“What do you feel?” Luken asked.
“I can’t really say.”
The voice was only a sound. And I didn’t feel his presence, still I knew he was there. This was not the origin of my, physical inconvenience, the marks. 
“Your not the only Vampire left in your Breed, wandering San Francisco,” he said, matter of factley. But he made a good point. Thinking that I was alone, on my small adventure away from home. All the while, I still hadn’t encountered anything like myself. Demons and mortals were the order of the night and day. Nothing other than that. As if they avoided me. They must be keeping their distance. I knew, I wasn’t the only one. But they didn’t wander the streets. I was sure, I should have run into one, by now. They had to have smelled me, seen me. But, I guess it was the way of our Breed. To be alone. This was no Vampire.
“Luken? What should I do?” Wishing I didn’t ask, stupid mistake. Whatever, whoever it was. They caused my body to react. In a kind of trance, I froze where I stood. Old memories of being in front of the doctor, as he watched my movements, behind the glass window.
Luken was yelling at me through my heavy thought, “Wake up, ignorant leech.” 
He snapped me from it. Not knowing how long I was in that state. To me it was seconds. If it weren’t for Luken, I would still be in the shadows. 
“How long was I like that?” I asked him.
“Not long, a few minutes.”
“The black outs again.” 
I hadn’t had one for a while. Usually they were triggered by Luken, but this one wasn’t like that at all. Only a few minutes of incapacitation, it could mean danger for me. 
Somehow, I knew that it was Sebastian whose voice I heard. Why didn’t he show himself? Thinking on it again. I didn’t catch his scent either. He wasn’t stupid. He would stay down wind from me. A pulse of agitation caught me, then subsided. Anger, was the last thing I wanted to harbor towards my ‘brother.’ If he wanted to stay away, he could. Until then, I had other things to attended to.
Luken whispered to me, “Let it be, and let us find another to feed before the day comes upon us.”
He was different somehow, Luken. He hadn’t made any attempts for the overthrow of my body. Instead he’s been helpful. He’s been my only companion, in these days. The thought of it made me laugh to myself. 
Help yourself, I thought.
I didn’t go that night to the family. Instead I fed, unfazed, on a few more ‘consumers’. Straight through to the peak of dawn. I’ll make the trip the next night. Full and rejuvenated. No dangers.
Luken was eager to go back, as soon as possible. He asked me, what I would do when I got there? If I wanted to finish the job? It was to be expected.
Luken was a puzzle piece, that would always fit into my being. A constant mood swing. He was me and I was him. Added on to that, was the urge to kill. Luken’s own thirst made it ten times worse. I fed for the benefit of both. 
Destruction of the family, would rid any future problems completely. As if just, taking their blood, wasn’t enough. Or passing on the Dark Life, was at least a chance. No! The one, I could not control, wanted them wiped of the face of the earth. Out of total existence. But as for why. It was never clear. This was how much hate he had for them. How much hate, I really harbored toward them. Instead of dwelling on that. I journeyed to my own place, oddly feeling worse, when I should be feeling rejuvenated and ready for whatever was to come. Realizing, that I had not bathed in a month, maybe longer. 
“It’s been longer, you smell like you’ve died,” Luken snickered at my expense. I chuckled, suddenly self conscience. Running my hand through my hair. Oily and caked with dry blood.
Known for my dark hair. Blue, black if the light hit it at the right angle.
My skin was still smooth. But under the dirt, I couldn’t make out the alabaster skin underneath. It wasn’t the mirrors warped translation of my appearance. It only reflected truth. Its been a long time, not caring how I appeared. What for?
I’d made up my mind, the next evening, to leave that place. I was going back to Freedom. After I’d seen Poppy. Made sure she was still alive…or not. It would be a good idea to cleanse myself, before I returned. 
I’d never used it before. The small bathroom toward the back of the building. Rusted plumbing and dirty porcelain. Twisting the knobs in the tub. I wasn’t counting on the water working at all. Twisting, till it could no longer turn. Nothing. Turning two more time, before the pipes groaned and banged, then spewed a black ooze.
“Shit!” I blurted, covering my nose. Almost giving up on the attempt, when it was started to look more like water. Within minutes there was steam rising up and filling the bathroom. There was a small lever, to activate the shower. Clear, hot water, spraying in every direction. 
I began to peel away the stiff clothing, I’d wore since I’d gotten here. Dirty and encrusted. Benjamin would be ashamed. The jeans I’d been wearing, were tattered and long lost the dark indigo dye. The shoes were just as worn. Nothing lasts forever. They were all I had. I couldn’t go back to Freedom though, looking as if I just dug myself out of my grave. Of course I tossed them into the shower along with me. I didn’t have anything else to wear, and had to get as much grime off of them, as I could.
Taking a shower was just as I remembered. Hot and relaxing. Water gently pounding the back of my head. It fell more like a few trickles, but it was better than nothing. Leaning against the stained tiles, I watched the muddy water swirl around the drain. 
Going back to Freedom was the last thing I wanted to do. Remembering, that in a few hours I would be there, in front of Benjamin and Sebastian. Hoped I would return with more answers then questions or suspicions. If Poppy was changing, then I would know for sure, a sensible reason for the return. Then, I wouldn’t return alone. I hoped I was wrong.
The clothing lay in a wet pile at the bottom of the tub. Still not cleaner then before. Blood and grime still remaining. It would have to do for now. Twisting them, I managed to wring out quite a bit of what was still settled in the fibers. I wore them anyway, regardless of the moisture. It was uncomfortable, but what other option did I have? 
It was time to go. Rested and fully fed. The time had come. I watched the night before, as the sun rose. As the voices outside my door moved passed me and the day soon gave way to the night again. Always the same, always on time. 
Taking a last look around the place I called home. I passed the mirror. Recognizing my face again. My eyes looking back at me. Today they were blue. Grey in a day or two. I’d found a pair of rusted scissors the night before, and cut away at my hair. Over grown and uncomfortable, unpresentable. Still long enough. This time as I ran my hands through it, it was clean and without evidence of my self neglect. It would grow back soon. From the neck down, my appearance was much to be desired.
What would Sebastian have to say about it? The thought made me smile. He would have plenty to say about the hack job, I’d done on my perfect hair. Hoping, that it would be that simple. That everything would be forgotten. Sebastian wouldn’t hold any grudge. He was above that. I was sure he was. I, at least, would be welcomed by him. His opinion was all that mattered. And when I tell him all of what I thought could be happening, he, most of all, would understand.
With my clothes still damp. I swooped up the pack and the coat from the floor, near the door. Prepared last night. Out the back and through an ally, connecting to 21st street and into Mission. Waiting, as always, for a complete sunset, when the sky was still purple and the sun could barely be seen anymore. With the speed that surpassed time, light and sound. I made my way to the street named Excelsior.
The city was different in the light. Even though it wasn’t the highest point of the sun anymore. I could safely move through, without the effects it would bring, if it were shining one hundred percent. 
Why hadn’t I don’t this before? 
Looking up, I saw Mt. Davidson. The castle, Freedom was hidden up there, fully covered in the tall trees. Very few mortals ventured there. Ironically, a cross was placed at the very top of it. It was a beacon to the lost, even in this modern day, Sodom and Gomorrah. Still they held onto hope. Surely God, would have a little mercy on this city. Because I could not find a reason. I chuckled a bit at the thought.
As I approached the neighborhood, toward the rooftops I leapt. They allowed for a better view. With the heat of the passing day. I wasn’t surprised that the fog was going to make it’s ominous appearance. Slowly moving over the far hills in the distance. On the other side of those hills, was open ocean. Already blanketed in soft grey. Tonight was going to be a cold one, then tomorrow it was going to rain. I could smell it, thick in the air. Thankfully. If all goes well, I’ll be able to visit again. When the cloud cover, would make it easier to move around in the day. Something I was willing to try. 
Over the rooftops, I moved quietly. Neighborhood voices scattered around me, not exactly gone. But traveled in low, welcoming muffled sounds instead. I should have done this a long time ago. 
Onto the top of an elementary school, were the smell of children permeated the air. All fresh and new blood. It was a relief to know, that I couldn’t ‘take’ them. Peering over the top, I saw the streets crisscrossed with yellow parallel lines. A caution to drivers in this neighborhood. A reminder to me. 
Looking back at the ominous fog. Then again to the sky. Still bright with dusky colors. Purples and blues, blending until it turned black. I sat down and watched the skies change, slowly engulfed by the fog. Folding my arms under my head. I lay back. This, would be the last time, I was truly free. The chill swooped in before the fog. Welcoming.
When the cold crept in, almost instantly, the smell of chimney smoke filled the air. Reminiscent of the vision, of old San Francisco. The fog finally gobbled up the colors, the stars and the warm air. Rolling through the avenue, following behind it, the drizzle. The yellow-orange glow of the street light, fighting its way through. It grew thick, making it hard to see. Shadows of mortals, walking to their own homes. Hard for them to see.
Not for me. Sebastian would be proud of the little bit of narcissism eeking through. I could see perfectly well. 
Taking the perch on top of the house. As I’d done before. I looked for any sign of movement. For life inside. Two lights lit the five windows, on the avenue side of the house. It was quiet inside. I should have taken it as a sign. Not catching the scent of contamination yet, but got the strangest feeling, that something wasn’t…natural.
Inside, I heard Poppy’s mother, praying. It seemed she hadn’t woke up since yesterday. And was dressing her warm. Preparing to take her to the emergency room.
Rose scribbled on her note pad and cautiously put it in her view, “Need help Ivy?” She nodded. Ivy got up from the bed, thanking Rose with a reassuring squeeze on her hand.
What could I do now? I couldn’t barge into their home and tell them not to bring Poppy to the hospital, I thought.
I began to pace back and forth on the roof top.
Now I knew for sure, that Poppy was reacting to the bite. Transforming. Her physiology, mutating. Her heart, soul and humanity was dieing. She was meant to be one of us. Her blood reacted the way it was meant to. Accepting the venom. But the crime was done.
I heard Luken, “Its getting closer.”
Being followed was the last thing on my mind. I still hadn’t caught onto a scent.
“What is?”
Remembering the feeling at the pier. The trance I was in for those few minutes.
“I can’t tell,” he said, while I pulled my sleeves to my elbows to reveal the scars.
No burning, just soreness, nor were they glowing. Not a demon. 
I listened intently to the silence of the night. It was easier on the roof to capture scents and sounds. When from the fog, I heard the same voice from the pier that cheered me on, while I was in the midst of a lesson, from Luken.
“Did you do this Perish!?” Came the voice. Enraged and shocked.
“Did you hear that?” I asked Luken, turning this way and that.
“I did.”
“What is it? How does it know my name?”
“I think you already know who is it,” explained Luken.
“Someone’s here?” I asked.
Luken didn’t answer.
Then a gust of wind picked up, and everything became still once again. With the wind, spread the scent of contamination. The scent of familiarity. More than one had followed me here.
I called out to my companion, “Luken?”
“Hmm?” He grunted.
“I can smell them,” I told him.
“Them?”
I nodded and looked toward the lighted windows. Poppy’s scent was signaling that she would soon be coming across. Changing. 
“PERISH!” 
Loud and shrill. Someone called my name.
Across the street. From the rooftop I perched on. I saw Evie. Her hair blowing in the same direction of the tiny breeze. For the moment we locked eyes. A noise from down below, caught both of our attention. At the same time we peered over our ledges.
Sebastian had pulled the gate, back off its new hinges.
A rush of confusion flowed to me. Excited, ashamed and panicked, I called down to him. “What are you doing?”
He glared at me, and placed the gate aside without looking away. He remained in that position, as if he were waiting for me.
“When I’m done with them. We’ll…be going home,” he said sternly.
I’d never seen Sebastian angry, he’s always taken his existence with a grain of salt, as well as anything that would hinder a good day. Wasn’t this a good day? Tonight, his eyes were full of bitterness. He disapproved of the situation, of the girl inside. He allowed me to see his thoughts, as he made his way in. 
He was given a dead line to retrieve me. Today. Poppy in the midst of ‘Coming Across’, wasn’t what they were expecting to find. He and Evie, were the ones I felt. The ones my scars and my body reacted to. Reacting because, it was my time to go back.
“You can’t do this Sebastian,” I yelled down to him. Jumping off of the roof, easily  landing on my feet. 
The fog turned to a heavier drizzle, and the wind changed to a heavy gust. The paved street glistened. Reflecting the street light into my eyes. My reflection was the opposite of this world. 
“What are you planning to do?” I demanded to know.
“Perish, you know perfectly well. Everything that is forbidden, is inside this house.”
From above, from the lit windows. I saw the shades slightly open. Rose struggling to see what was going on in the streets, below. I had to warn her, somehow. As I myself struggled with Luken, the garbled voices and Sebastian. I managed to lock eyes with her.
“You…can’t,” I said aloud. Speaking to her, as well as to Sebastian. Hoping, that she would understand that this was a warning, as well as an answer. She disappeared. Just as she did, that obnoxious ringing began to pierce my concentration. Sebastian’s protests came to me, muffled.
“Are you shitting me? Are you absolutely insane? Perish! If I let her live, we will both have to face whatever The Society see’s fit. Even if we are put to death for harboring…that-” He paused, trying to calm himself. I could see that there was something else bothering him. And finding me in this predicament, wasn’t what he wanted to find me in, “that child. How could you?”
How was I going to redeem myself to the one entity, I respected and loved as my brother. 
“No, Sebastian let me take this responsibility. I’ll return to Freedom with the girl. With you and with Evie.”
He shook his head, stepping to me. So close, that we nearly touched. It would have been disrespectful of me to move away. 
He spoke softly, so that no one else could hear, “What happened to you? Have you suddenly gotten used to mortals, that you have attained some sort of pity for them? Is that it? Or is it…something else?”
What was he getting at?
“Sebastian, I’m here only because of the girl. Yes, I did this. But it wasn’t me that committed this crime. I’m in debted to this family. Their girl, is going to be one of the Vampire. Her blood acclimated to the venom, and has spread in her. I know it sounds outrageous. But it wouldn’t be fair to them, to pay, so needlessly for my moment of insanity!”
Evie joined us and stood in between Sebastian and I. I’d forgotten how small she was.
“Stop begging,” he mumbled. One foot inside the house, straddling his orders, morality, law and undying friendship.
From behind him, Rose appeared, standing in the doorway. She didn’t move while she starred at me. The ringing pulsing in and out. And in an instant, stopped. Silence. Everything, Sebastian’s protests, Evie’s maddening thoughts and Ivy’s muffled prayers for her daughter.
What are you doing here?
I imagine it was her. The same whisper from the other night, the one that didn’t know its true voice.
Sebastian and Evie turned around and saw her standing as silent as I was. I had stopped to hear her. Rose seemed to be just as paralyzed as I looked.
It’s you…isn’t it? She said.
“What?” I said aloud. Sebastian and Evie turned back to me. To them I looked exactly what they suspected. Crazy.
“Who’s he talking too?” Evie asked Sebastian. Even though I ceased to hear the words and thought I could still make them out. Evie was standing directly in front of me. On her toes, trying to look at my eyes. Looking for a reaction, “It’s like he’s not here.”
I knew it was too real to be a dream. Rose continued. She was happy and relieved.
“I don’t know anything of what you speak of…Rose.” 
Her heart skipped a beat.
You know my name?
“I know it, because of Poppy, she told me.”
Poppy?
We remained this way. Telepathically speaking to one another. And I speaking aloud. Rose remained surprisingly calm. Not what I expected at all. As if she already knew what to do, like she’d done this before.
Nodding. I was finding it hard to form the words, to explain what was happening to Poppy.
“She’s not well,” that was the best I could do. A few words without giving myself away, as well as putting Sebastian and Evie in danger.
Rose began to retell the events of what happened up until tonight. She hasn’t woken up. We found her the other day, at the front door, asleep. She seemed fine but…Her whispered inner voice got a little softer.
I offered my apologies, “I’m sorry.”
She tilted her head quizzically, squinting her eyes suspiciously. For what?
Turning away, I broke free of the contagious stare we held. Glancing over at Sebastian as I spoke to Rose. Relaying, to her the severity of the situation. Suggesting a strategy to her, as well as letting my intentions be known to Sebastian. 
“Tell Ivy to prepare,” I said, “you prepare as well. Quickly. There will be others and not as sparing as what you see before you. We need to get to the safety of Freedom, before that happens.”
What? I don’t…
“DO IT!” I yelled. The reaction was like a rubber band, as I snapped back into the cluttered, indistinct thoughts of Sebastian and Evie. The smell of a human Poppy, disappearing. Rose passed, close to me. So close I could smell her scent. A lump formed in my throat. I watched her ascend, quickly up the stairs. The cinnamon stinging my nose. Unable to move or afraid too. I saw Evie appear, directly in front of me. She didn’t say anything, she was trying to understand what just happened. Wondering, what else was wrong with me. 
My mouth was dry and when I attempted to speak, it was like talking with sand on my tongue, “Evie?” I said, my voice cracking.
Startled, she jumped back.
“Uh…s…sorry,” embarrassed, her cheeks shown red. She quickly turned away, keeping a watchful eye out for Rose. Leaving Sebastian and I to deal with our differences.
From Sebastian’s expression, I gathered he wasn’t pleased with what just happened. Rose was already up the stairs, scribbling madly to her sister about what I’d told her. Of course, Ivy wasn’t listening and was growing agitated with Rose. Tossing the notebook aside.
“This is serious Rose! Please, you can’t fall apart on me too. I need someone who still has their there marbles.”
Just listen this once. Rose tried to plead with her sister. Scribbling frantically.
Sebastian was in a hurry and very agitated. “We have to go in Perish. It’s easier by force,” he said, ascended after Rose. My chest tightened.
Ivy picked Poppy up in her arms, thinking that the next place they were headed, was to the hospital. She was trying her hardest, not let her anxiety take control. Rose was grabbing blankets and Ivy’s personal belongings. Everything was already prepared. That was just how Ivy was.
“Are you coming?” Ivy asked.
Rose nervously nodded. Wishing that Ivy would have listened.
Sebastian’s mind was made up. He had orders to follow. I mirrored his movements, he went up the stairs. I stayed close behind him
“I’m coming with you,” I called from behind him. There was no way, I could let Sebastian carry this out. Poppy was a victim of Luken’s, maybe mine, in theory. I was obliged to go. 
Then the ringing began again. I accepted it easier this time. Ivy stood paralyzed, with Poppy cradled in her arms, Rose stood behind her. We met each other at the top of the steps. It seemed that it was just another reaction. Not the burning of chaos, or the hunger in my throat. When we were in close proximity, there was only us. Her thoughts and mine. 
I tried to tell her. She said. Glancing over to Sebastian. 
He towered over her, as much as I did. In a quick comparison, I saw she wasn’t as slight as Evie, a little taller than her too. She still looked like the picture I remembered from the newsprint. Short, curly, reddish brown hair framing her face. She was pretty, in an unique, sort of way. Like the God Child. There was flicker of fearlessness in her light brown eyes. 
Rose pushed herself in between Ivy and the Immortal. I could smell the innocents of Poppy’s life slipping away. I grimaced. The tightening in my chest, twisting a little more. She reeked of dirt and sunflower.
Stunned at the sight of us, Ivy gasped, “Oh my God!”
Sebastian always got that reaction from humans. Just the sight of him, could cause any mortal to think they were dreaming. In the presence of God, himself. But the sight of two men coming up her steps, had triggered the thoughts of being robbed or trouble. Rose put her arm out in front of them, a barrier.
What does he want? Rose asked me. Her eyes shooting to Sebastian. 
“What is she saying to you?” He asked. 
With the reaction I was getting in her presence, his voice had become muffled and drowned out. Instinctively, I knew what he asked. There was a little relief to think that he may be slightly concerned, or just wary of what she knew.
He hadn’t said much to me since he found me. Not to mention that we hadn’t spoken for almost two years. But he knew me better than anyone. And he caught on quickly. I didn’t change that much. And neither did he.
I only shook my head at him. Then without saying a word, he moved toward them, shoving Rose aside. She held onto his arm. Mouthing an exaggerated ‘stop’.
It took me a minute to understand what was happening. Sebastian was moving quickly and sufficiently. Rose was no match for him, he grabbed Ivy and Poppy in one swoop.
“Too many games Perish. Whatever you see in this girl, has tempered the trust we had in you. For you…I should kill them all. But, for you I won’t. Bring them to Freedom. Evie has the car waiting, you’ll have to deal with this alone.”
I was petrified. What happened to my friend, that would turn him so cold?
“Get the girl Perish,” thrusting his head toward Rose. His hands were full. “Evie’s not going to like this at all.”
Like the gentleman he was, he escorted Ivy down the stairs, Poppy now in his arms. There was no fight from her. She was under the charm of an Immortal. Easily persuaded, to do whatever he wanted her to do. But the mothering instinct would never be controlled, she held tightly to her child’s hand.
Disappointing isn’t it? How easy it was to be manipulated. I didn’t try to argue with him. I couldn’t. Now…everything that I believed, meant almost nothing. It was compromised now. My distaste for humans, was compromised by Rose and Poppy. And the crime that Luken committed.
*~*~*
Chapter 9-Return To Freedom
“You couldn’t survive without me…lunatic!” Never before, had I heard Benjamin speak in such a way. Never even heard him raise his voice. It was deserved of course. Sebastian and I stood in the center of his chambers. His voice echoing. The skulls lining the room, gazing down on us with the same disgusted expression Benjamin had. 
“What were you thinking?” He continued to reprimand me. “If it weren’t for Sebastian, I would never have known what you were doing in that world. You could have jeopardized us all. Everything that I worked for, to unite Breed and human.”
I could feel my face twisting with every doubtful word he was saying. Emotions striking like a match as he spoke. I was sure he wasn’t speaking the truth. Even though he didn’t say it yet. I knew, Poppy, Rose and her mother were inevitably going to be the main topic. 
Sebastian stepped forward. 
“The humans, Benjamin. What shall we do with them?”
I groaned. Here it comes.
Benjamin paused, tapped his desk with his knuckles. I wasn’t being respectful. Tap tap tap tap. 
He came approached us.
“The humans? Hmmm…the humans…” he repeated himself several times. 
In his opinion, I was still a child. Spoiled rotten. And Sebastian. He was the little brother I dragged along, so I wouldn’t be the only one in trouble. Thinking I should speak up, before he came to any quick, angry judgments.
“Benjamin…I.”
He cut me off in mid sentence. My mistake.
“Perish! I wouldn’t say anything at this point.”
“But, this is my fault.” I exclaimed. Wanting him to understand and knew he wouldn’t.
“Perish! Not another word. The humans are going to be held here…for now. The girl, Rose and her sister, Ivy. Will be taken to the far end of the castle and watched after. As for the child…,” he paused, deciding what to do. Whatever his plan was, it wasn’t what I expected. 
Benjamin’s thoughts, came only when he allowed it. Since returning, he put up high walls, to keep me out. With only his expression, he struck me like an electric bolt. He told me his decision, before speaking it. Neither good or bad.
“Poppy will be in your tutelage. In the meantime The Society will want to meet with you and the child, in a few days. The fathers and mothers will be here then. Until then, Evie will assist the other two. But they can never go back. Dead or alive. Thanks to you.”
“You can’t be serious?” I said. Rose and Ivy should be able to go back.
Sebastian interrupted, “Yes, I agree, they’ll be sitting ducks here.”
Benjamin rapped his finger tips against the desk, extremely agitated. Splinters began to pop up. A demonstration of his strength.
“The two of you,” glaring at Sebastian and I, “are under house arrest, until The Society make their appearance. Until then, Sebastian, perhaps you would like to help Perish with the babysitting? You seem to be good at that.”
Sebastian winced at Benjamin’s remark. Notably his ego had deflated. He took a step back. His dispraise shifting from me to him.
“The humans are allowed to wander, as they wish. The child hasn’t fully ‘Come Across’ as you thought. She hasn’t gone through the worst of it. She waits for you.”
Both Sebastian and I stood astonished at his words. I’d failed again. Predicting Poppy’s change was all wrong. Sebastian had the same reaction I did. Maybe she would reject it, the venom. Then, would it be fatal, after all?
Dreams are not like thoughts at all, they are like movies with bad signals. Nothing really meaningful in them, with the exception of when children dreamed. Those were always clear. Then there was always the small voice, that startled me. It was a child that came to speak with me as he. And a child, who has brought me back to the castle.
When Sebastian and I were allowed to leave Benjamin’s chambers. He made great effort to keep his distance. I waited for him to catch up, knowing that I was the last vampire, that he wanted anything to do with, tonight. But I had to have some closure. I needed to clear the air. Eventually he caught up, but he didn’t stop either. Just gave me a sideway glance and kept walking. Reaching out, I grabbed his arm. Pulling away, he swung around to face me. His breath was warm, while we stood, eye to eye. 
“Don’t…touch me!” He hissed. Then bowed his head, continuing through the hall.
What could I say to him? To my brother? I had no words to explain, what I’d been through in the year and a half. He would already know. He followed me the entire extent of my time, in the city. He was the one who set it correct, on how long I’d been out there. How long, he had to watch me.
“Sebastian…what’s happened? Why are you so angry with me?” I tried to appeal to him.
Instead, he snapped around and marched back toward me. Eyes blazing with anger. “Are you fucking serious? What could possibly be the reason I’m so pissed off at you?” 
“No, that’s not what I mean.”
“Then what do you mean, Perish? Why I had to trail you all over the city. Watch you live in a dilapidated store front? Or maybe, it’s dealing with how much Evie worried over you, while everyday, your hate for mortal grew? Maybe, it’s why Benjamin still coddles you, after all the stupid shit you put this home through.”
Oh, guilt ridden me, “Home?!” I said to him, “I don’t call this place home. This is just another hole that I live in. A place of privilege, with everything that something like you, and I could ask for. No, this is your home, Sebastian.” I explained.
“You’ve gone completely mad Perish.” 
Sebastian took a deep breath. Laughing nervously. His idea of mad, wasn’t what I was experiencing. He spoke to me as if I’d changed to someone he didn’t know.
“You haven’t noticed then? You have no clue what Benjamin is doing, what his plan it then?” I phished for clues.
Sebastian caught on, “Don’t change the subject. We were brothers you and I. Now, I don’t know who you are, anymore.”
“Then you don’t know Benjamin’s plan?” I asked.
“Perish…I don’t know. I don’t know what his plan is. I suppose you do? Maybe you’ve found something that didn’t make since and now you’re trying to put the pieces together. I figured it out, when I watched you take Poppy, than go back to their home. You have some connection with the child and her family. This has you going crazy, hasn’t it. Speaking to yourself, still…blacking out. I’ve noticed that too. I’ll admit, that there is something wrong here, at Freedom. The air is thick with tension and secrets, since you left.” For a moment he looked at me, then chuckled playfully.
“Look at you, your dirty and you’ve forgotten how to be what you are. And now, I have to watch over you again. This isn’t the life I was meant for. Babysitter. Neither were you.”
Did I have my old friend back?
“I’m sorry Sebastian. Sorry, that I haven’t been the friend you wanted, the one you knew.”
Luken gagged, “This is making me sick.”
“Then tell me Perish,” Sebastian said, his eyes cutting into mine. He was wanting me to tell him what I knew. About my theory of Benjamin. 
That I knew, that there was something wrong, something coming. After everything he said to me. I still couldn’t bring myself completely divulge what I knew to him. 
Sadly I replied, “I can’t.”
Disappointed, he started back through the hall, leaving to follow, if I chose too.
“Then we have a lot more work to do…mending this friendship.”
He turned the corner, toward my room. I slinked behind him. I’d become a horrible beast, of a friend.
Luken tried to reassure me. Peculiar, “He’s not to be trusted just yet.”
I whispered, feeling rejected, “I know,” it was hard to say that I couldn’t tell him. I was glad Luken said it first. 
“What’d you say?” Sebastian asked, without looking back. 
He was standing in front of my room. The smell of contamination was much stronger now. Poppy was being quarantined, in my place of refuge. And I, was exiled to taming her, dragging Sebastian into it as well. 
Child vampires, are forbidden for a reason. Not just to preserve their innocence. They are less inclined to control, their new changes, compared to one who has gone through the mortal adult stage. It was thought that children didn’t have the right energy in their blood, to accept the venom of the vampire. But through the centuries, it’s become somewhat of a fable. 
Its been too long to count the years, since the first one. And since its been proclaimed, a crime. As far as we knew, no children have been spawned. Any child that would have, ‘come across’, in the past, is long gone. If there were any in existence, they would be hard to control. Even under great leadership. They were uncontrollable without anyone to wrangle them. Now, I was to lead her to her destiny, as one of us.
When I say…destiny, it means just what it means. If the blood is willing, it takes to the venom that we spread, when we feed. Not everyone that is bitten, changes. According to Society’s research. It seemed that positive blood types, rejected the venom. While negative blood types, seemed to take to it. But not all negative blood types. Such as the AB-, B-and the A-. 
It takes, but not without a painful crossover. Most of the time it’s touch and go, with these particular blood types. Some mortals, only surviving for a few days, then turn. It happens…sometimes. There are more mortals, that don’t take at all, to the venom. This is attributed to evolution. Overpopulation, caused some to become immune.
Then there’s the O negative blood type. The most mysterious blood of them all. Nothing can compare. Even the Society’s scientists can’t reproduce it. Mortal women, reject their own fetus, if she is the negative and it, is the positive type. What creature does that? 
It is rare to have an O negative in the breeds, but there are a few. Most are AB, B, and A negatives. O negatives are the purest, of all the Breeds. They take perfectly to the virus of the Vampire, the Werewolf and the conception of Immortals. Mortals of the O negative, are of a race as old as the Breeds, and The Society. Maybe the very start of the Breeds. But that can’t be proven as positive fact, because the type is so elusive. Like a rare stone.
Breeding, could possibly bare O negative types to our world, and the line wouldn’t be so elusive. But an O negative carrier isn’t found so easily. The only way, would be to feed. Or force the taking of drawn blood, sometimes from donors. Like I said, it’s rare to get an O negative. 
Poppy had the AB negative type. She suffered, but was one of the lucky ones. Its been two days, and a few hours, since Luken bled her. The virus was running it’s coarse. We wouldn’t be able to see the effects, until she was fully crossed. In a few hours she would be one of us…completely. Her blood and her age, would probably work in her favor.
For a few minutes, Sebastian and I stood in front of the door. Both of us reluctant to see what might be waiting for us, when we walked in. We could smell the sickness. Dense. When we finally entered, it was the strangest scene. Poppy was still in a deep sleep. And was being cared for by another human woman, an assistant. Someone older than Evie. She wiped the sweat from Poppy’s forehead, her patients with the child was to be expected. Poppy thrashed and turned in her sleep, unconsciously. Sebastian and I made our way to the foot of the bed. It was both familiar and strange, to be back.
Poppy’s, sporadic movements were indications, the end of her life as the living, was wearing down. Her eyes were rolling back. Her arms and legs punching outward, in restless motions. As if she were fighting back something, in her sleep. Trying to get away. My time to feel guilty had passed. Now all I could do, was wait.
“She has about an hour,” I said aloud. Warning the woman.
Without hesitation, she dunked a wash towel in the warm water, that sat on a table to the right of me. Her thoughts were filled with pity for Poppy. And irritation with me. I’d done this to the girl. And being human, she wasn’t, in anyway, shape or form, going to allow me to forget that. She shot sharp cutting glares at me. 
“You don’t have to stay,” she said, her voice tinged with annoyance.
“Good,” Sebastian reply, he was relieved. “We’ll check on the child’s mother and her aunt. Please, Annette, let us know of any changes. If there is no news, then we’ll return in an hour, for the crossover.”
Annette nodded, slyly glaring at me. As she watched us leave.
Sebastian led the way to the room, where Evie was with Rose and Ivy. Unprepared, for the reaction Evie was undoubtedly going to have. Sebastian already warned me that she wasn’t pleased with the women in the castle. Unhappy, that she had to assist them. But that was why she was here.
As we neared the room, I wanted to talk with Sebastian a little more. Confirm my suspicions, about Evie’s involvement. 
“Have you kept Evie in the loop?” He nodded, pausing in front of a dark wooden paneled door. We could hear Evie shuffling inside the room. It was prepared for Rose and Ivy’s extended stay. In the farthest part of the castle, away from any of the other rooms. Personally, I would have preferred this room. If I was given the choice.
“Like I said,” Sebastian confirmed. “She’s just as pissed as I am. But that’s the least of it.”
He was hinting at Rose and her sister. When I noticed that I couldn’t hear Sebastian clearly. As well as hear the thoughts of Evie and Ivy. Only Roses thoughts, were clear. Once again, I was forced to reveal my embarrassing incapacity. Zoning out, in some kind of trance, that I still didn’t understand.
I could hear Sebastian, explaining Evie’s reasons for being angry. Fading into background noise, but still audible. “She thinks they’re going to bring trouble. Especially Rose,” I heard him say.
“What do you mean?” I asked. He was wondering what was happening to me too, assuming he was watching me. Though his thoughts were muddy. He noticed the change in me, when Rose and I met.
“You haven’t forgotten, have you? She’s always had an unhealthy love for you.”
I could feel his eyes on me. I was trying not to show that I was having a, ‘moment’. Then groaned at his remark. “Yes, I know. I should have taken care of that a long time ago.”
Sebastian smiled a cocky grin. Making light of my appearance, trying not to stare, “It doesn’t hurt to get a little ego boost, now and then Perish.”
“You can have her, if you really like that sort of thing,” Struggling to appear as normal as I could, I laughed, hoping that this was a small thread to mending our friendship.
“I couldn’t do that to her. She’s been a friend to me,” It was a jab to my ego, he hadn’t forgiven me. Of course not, it’s only been about eight hours, since we were reunited. 
Sebastian moved to the side. He knew better than to enter first. Evie was there, behind the door. She heard us talking and was waiting for a chance to voice her opinion. Sebastian was wise, he didn’t want to be the first to suffer her fury, when it was meant for me. I knocked three times, quickly. Hoping she didn’t hear.
There was a shuffling. Evie checked herself quickly, in a mirror. Then sighing she mustered up the nerve to open the door. She had plenty to say to either one of us. Whoever walked in first. 
I’d almost forgotten, that Evie always had my face as the backdrop to her thoughts. Since Rose being here, Evie hasn’t thought much of anything, except me. I was hoping to see a few of the more, flattering images. Unfortunately, she wasn’t that forgiving. Evie wanted to kill me. Throw me into the sun, lop my head off and throw it into the fireplace. Distorted, gory images. I inhaled, as she twisted the door knob. Quickly, I searched for the thoughts of Ivy and Rose. 
Evie wouldn’t make a scene in front of company, I thought. 
Both of them, sitting comfortably, in front of the fireplace. Before she opened the door, I sensed inconsistencies in the images, I was receiving from them. Something felt strange and unnatural. I could see the door, and Evie standing behind it. Everything she was doing. Not as the flipping images, that were translated as thoughts. These images were clear, and as they occurred. I felt something beating in my chest. A queasy uncomfortable sensation churning in my gut.
I wasn’t looking through my own minds-eye, but through another. It wasn’t Evie, nor was it Ivy, because I could see her clearly. Sitting across from me. That left only Rose. 
A few nights ago, I had a good grasp on jumping from one thought to another. Not this time. 
In the daze. I stood at the door. This was new to me. Rose was nervous, and I felt her heart beating inside me. The sick feeling she had, and the way she thought she had to look, as if none of this existed on the outside. Still, neither I, or Evie attempted to open the door. I was drawn, to touch it. Wanting to feel the vibration. It pulled at my chest. And caused a slight reaction to the marks on my arms. It was like I wanted to embrace it with my entire body. So I did. I leaned against the door and felt it.
Patience. I told myself. Trying not to panic, otherwise I would cause panic in Sebastian.  I don’t know what this is.
Silence. Evie hadn’t opened the door, but remained near. She was just as nervous as I was, knowing that we wouldn’t enter without her permission. She moved away. Unable to bring herself to see me first. The mental take over, shortly subsided and I was seeing the flipping photos again. 
I saw Ivy, sipping tea, strangely calm, considering the events. But where was Rose? I searched the room for her thoughts, but they came up empty. She was here, I could feel her, I could smell her. I swear I was just looking through her eyes.
What are you doing? Why haven’t you come in? I heard her uncertain voice, inside my own.
Aren’t you going to come in?.
I didn’t respond. I didn’t know how. This was getting all too personal.
So your not going to speak to me? Fine then. How is Poppy?
“Why aren’t you answering her?” Luken jumped in.
“How is this happening? How can she do this?”
“Just listen. You are always misunderstanding your abilities,” Said Luken.
I watched, and listened for her voice.
As soon as I was about to say a few words. Rose moved. And so did the switch. Once again, I was seeing everything she did. Felt that…feeling. She was getting up and moving toward the door, were Evie was slightly standing to the side. She was counting the ticks of the clock, and gathering the courage to open the door.
I saw it all. All of the movements again, all the reactions and expressions. The details of the room. Looking straight through her eyes. We were one. That’s how she knew I was leaning against the door. Somehow, were able to channel into each other. Or perhaps, she was able, channel me. I could see Rose reach for Evie and gently touch her. Evie, turned around and glared at her.
“Don’t!” She snapped.
Sorry. I heard her say, moving away. Rose pointed toward the door. Anxious, to know what was happening with Poppy. 
Did she know what was happening to us? I wondered.
“If she does, she hides it well,” said Luken.
“But, you said she was speaking to me.”
“Yes, she was, with her inner voice. As far as you channeling her, I don’t think she knows yet.”
“She doesn’t seem to hear you either, Luken,” I noted. Unaware that I was speaking to him out loud.
“It seems she doesn’t.”
Slowly, I was starting to understand what Rose’s vocal capacity was. She didn’t have a voice outside of her thoughts.
Rose pointed to her sister, then to the door again. 
Open it! She silently demanded.
“Open it?” Evie interpreted, the tone of her voice and her expression was concise. The same one she gave me, when she was irritated with me. She was ruthless, as she smiled smugly at Rose. 
The door was the only thing that was separating us. Just as quick as it appeared, the connection was severed. I couldn’t get the answers I was looking for. Now, I obtained a new ability, channeling. But something triggered it, jump started this…new thing. As far as I knew, it had to be Rose. As with many of my abilities, they sprung on me, they faded until the next time. And Rose wasn’t there, on those rare occasions. And that is just what happened. Sebastian, watching me. Never interrupting, while he observed. There wasn’t anything I could explain away. Nothing that would make sense.
Ignoring this. I knocked on the door again. Surprised that Sebastian didn’t ask me what happened. Quickly the door swung open. We were greeted by Evie first. Rose was standing behind her and Ivy was sitting down, unsettlingly calm. There was a slight color change in Evie. The aura she always gave off, was now a graying mist. Like fog. She was jealous and angry. Mainly at me, but also at Rose. Even though she’d done nothing to her. Evie was territorial. Her whole demeanor was wrongful and misdirected. 
“Good luck,” chuckled Luken.
“Shut up,” I accidentally blurted aloud.
The words weren’t meant for Evie, but she was there and it made it seem that they were, “What?”
It was apparent, that I needed to keep my conversations with Luken to myself and in private. Evie thought I was speaking to her.
“Nothing.”
“Well?” She asked, wanting me to explain everything to her.
Sebastian was satisfied with what was unraveling in front of him. He went on, passed me and into the room. He wanted to get a good a better vantage point. He nodded at Rose, than sat down in the chair near Ivy, nodding to her as well. Rose watched him, just in case. 
“Aren’t you going to explain what’s been happening?”
Evie was crossing the line, by questioning me. She was still a servant.
“No,” I said, and went in anyway. Shoulder checking her, along the way. Rose snapped her head around, in my direction. I wish she hadn’t. It meant that I would have to acknowledge her. And so I did, by nodding. Walking passed her, without anymore than that.
“Perish! Of all the things, why did you do this? Why did you change that girl?” Asked Evie.
By the time I got to the mantle of the fireplace, were Sebastian watched intently, Evie was at my back. 
“Why do you want to know? Are you jealous?” I snapped.
“Jealous! You can’t be serious.”
“I’m dead serious.”
Sebastian had poured some wine, and was snickering into it.
The annoyance in Evie was beginning to show through her face. She was scowling and crossed her arms. Rose was watching too, listening to it all. How embarrassing, that one human showed such defiance toward their master. 
“How dare you Perish! You’re a sorry example, of a superior breed,” Evie was fanning the flame.
“If you know your place, you’ll shut up. The only reason you have the audacity to speak to me this way, is because of the freedoms that you have been allowed. This cannot go on any longer. I don’t have to answer to you.”
“You’re a coward.”
She had gone to far. With inhuman speed, I was eye to eye with the girl. Her heart beating hard, I could feel it in my own chest.
“If you think I am such a thing, then leave. And don’t look upon me again. I will have Benjamin reassign you to a more…generous master.”
Sebastian waved his hand in the air, raising it high. He was volunteering. She had nothing to say. What could she say?
I went back to the mantle, and tried to understand what I should do with Ivy and her sister. It was nearly an hour. And what was unsettling me, was how Ivy was merely drinking her tea, as her daughter was about to become a vampire.
I suppose, I should calm down and talk to them. Tell them, what was going to happen to Poppy. I didn’t even know. Sebastian was the one to begin, as he stood up and walked over to Rose. Evie had long moved out of my view, entering this rooms, shadow room. Alone, she cried.
“How is your sister, she doesn’t seem well?” Sebastian asked her. She didn’t answer. Only turned to Ivy, with concern.
She’s not well. Rose answered his question, without him hearing it. I turned toward the conversation. I’d heard her.
“We’re sorry for the intrusion. It wasn’t polite. But there are something’s that Perish and I have to explain to you and you sister. Is she willing to hear us?”
For the traumatic events that had taken place, I still couldn’t get over the calmness of the two of the humans. Rose’s composure, as if she expected this all along. And Ivy, perhaps too shocked. Her mind was a jumble of pictures.
Rose went over to Ivy and knelt down in front of her.
“Rose, is everything okay?” asked Ivy, who seemed to turn on when Rose touched her.
Rose nodded and pointed to Sebastian, and then to me. Patting her hand, she pulled a small journal out of her back pocket. And scribbled a few words onto it. Ivy understood. Rose looked to us, a signal to come closer. It was then, that I noticed that she didn’t speak at all. The notebook, the gestures, the eye contact. Rose didn’t speak a word, she was mute. I was concerned. Before I went to over to them I decided to speak with Sebastian first.
“Excuse me for a moment,” I said. She nodded. 
I pulled Sebastian away from them, so they couldn’t hear.
“What is it?” He asked, sipping on the last of his wine.
“Have you noticed anything about them?”
“Nothing other then their very calm in the presence of a blood drinker and an immortal.”
“Have you told them about what we are?” I asked, trying to rationalize their calmness.
“No. Why?”
“I dunno. But the girl, Rose. Have you noticed, she isn’t speaking?”
“I did notice. I just thought it was because of the nights events.”
“I don’t think so. Her sister, Ivy is reacting more properly. But Rose…?”
“What about her?”
“She’s a mute, and I can’t shake this strange feeling that…”
“Tell me later,” he interrupted. “We need to hurry and let them know what’s going on with Poppy, the hour is almost here.”
Yes, the hour of change.
“We should only tell Rose, Ivy doesn’t seem to be all here.” I said.
“So noble of you.”
Sarcasm, maybe Sebastian was coming around after all.
Sebastian was always willing to help the damsel in distress, and was the one to head the plan to tell the sisters, what was really going on. Gently, he kneeled in front of Ivy, taking her hand in his and patting it. They starred into each others eyes. Ivy blinked a few times, then snatched her hand away. Standing up quickly, looking around.
Rose immediately came to the side of her sister.
Turning to Sebastian I asked him. “You had her under your persuasion the entire time?”
He shrugged and stood up.
“What just happened?” Asked Ivy. “Where are we?”
Rose wrote on the pad and handed it to her. 
“What do you mean something’s happened to Poppy? I remember we were supposed to take her to the hospital,” realizing that she wasn’t anywhere familiar and not alone. She grabbed hold of Rose and began to back away from us.
“Who are you? Where are we?” She demanded to know. And she had a right too.
Rose pulled away from her grasp, frantically waving her hands in front of her sister. And shaking her head, back and forth. She scribbled in the journal.
Ivy inhaled and closed her eyes, “Okay, I’m an opened minded person,” turning her attention to Sebastian and I. “My daughter, where is she?”
Sebastian had taken a back seat to this as well. I was left to explain, after all, he was just dragged into this.
Reluctantly, I stepped forward, meeting my responsibility head on.
****
~Rose~
He and the other one. Brought us to an enormous castle. It was high in the hills, on mount Davidson, buried in the trees. I’d wondered what might be hidden and would have never known that this place was there. 
Ivy, was in a strange state. I think the silver haired, handsome one, did it to her. It was a good thing, I guess. Holding Poppy in my, lap I stroked hair. Hot to the touch, sweating profusely, she started to shiver.
There was a girl there, that kept looking at me from the corner of her eye. It made me self conscious, more than usual. There wasn’t any reason for her glare at me. Why would she be this way? 
Perish didn’t remember me. I didn’t understand why he didn’t. He knew nothing, of when we met. We’d never had contact, as we did tonight. The dream was so real. So much so, I would never forget. Now that I think about It, I never thought I would see him again.
Sighing, I leaned my head against the window, watching the yellow glowing balls zoom pass, shielded in the fog. The color reminding me of the first dream. When I first met Perish. 
Remembering that feeling. The warmth, kissing my skin. Similar to summer. Now that I think of it, San Francisco doesn’t have ‘summers’ in the summer. More or less, it’s a foggy, cold season, here. It may have been an approaching fall, they were unseasonably warm. In my dream. I wore a yellow dress. Something that would never happen in reality. A tom boy, and always sensitive about my body. Too curvy here, too short there. 
My hair is short, and curly, plain and brown. I was okay, to look at, just different. Tabitha, my best friend, was beautiful, tall, with blond hair. 
I don’t recall ever having a dream, that impacted me, like this one. Detailed and vivid. Not like the random, foggy dreams, that one would get from time to time. This was different. I could see everything clearly. All that was happening. 
I remembered approaching a chain linked fence. Behind it a band was playing, silently. To my left there, was a pathway, weaving through wooden benches, scattering upward a winding hill. At the top rested, a large tree surrounded by manicured bushes. The ocean air was sweet and welcoming, as it brushed my curls against my cheeks. And flipped the yellow dress around my legs. It was a nice dress, but what made it better, when I noticed I was wearing red tennis shoes. Approaching closer to the gate. I watched the band. For the moment I was alone. I watched and hadn’t noticed that I had become surrounded by a crowd, as silent as the band. They raised their hands and jumped at the silence. I turned to watch them dance to the soundless music. The wave of people moved, as the breeze did. Inside the crowd, I quickly saw a face, that didn’t belong.
Eyes that seemed to change. The colors reminding me of oil and water. Never entirely mixing, constantly moving. Lavender to blue and green, black and amber. Hypnotizing, to look at. My stomach turned knots, unable to look at them. Feeling weak. I turned toward the band, grasping onto the links in the gate. Even though there wasn’t a sound that I could make out. I pretended too listen. Stealing quick glances to the side, for the eyes. When I was sure that they weren’t around, that they weren’t watching me. I leaned against the fence and concentrated on the band. Trying to read their lips. Defeated, I resigned to watching the dancing. Who were lucky enough to hear the wonderful music. They enjoyed it. 
Appearing next to me and looking down on me, were the eyes. 
“What’s your name?” I heard a voice from no where. This was when Perish and I met. His eyes were peeking through his hair. So dark, it seemed to reflect blue, when it was really black. Messy and unruly. Falling lightly against his perfectly chiseled cheek bones. Contrasting with his translucent skin and hypnotic eyes. I had to fight the urge to touch him. He was like a marble statue. Unmoved, we didn’t speak. He starred at me with his oil and water eyes. It made me wonder if they ever chose a single color.
I hadn’t answered the question yet. Even though I knew he was the one who asked. Was he waiting? I was feeling a little awkward, as we stood so close to each other. Not by the question, but by his voice. He emitted a smooth, calming sound. Not quit a whisper,  it was loud enough to hear. More of a raspy monotoned mumble, being forced out with his breath.
“Are you afraid?” He asked me.
I shook my head. No, it’s only a dream, after all. 
“Is it…a dream…after all?” Repeating what I was thinking. That was what grabbed my attention. All I could do was stand there and stare at him. Into his eyes.
“You can hear me than?” He asked.
Yes, I nodded.
“You can’t speak?”
No, I shook my head.
“I see.”
I found myself turning away from his stare, embarrassed already, in this stupid yellow dress. And now my inability to articulate words was the subject. It never really bothered me, not to be able to speak. It wasn’t a noticeable dysfunction, until it was asked about. Then I was treated completely different. Nobody ever wanted to offend me, so they kept their distance. The misconception was a primitive one. People were still close-minded, about the whole thing. I could hear quite well and heard the things that they said. Horrible things. I’d rather be alone than to hear anything.
“Me too,” he said. A small smile crept to my lips.
The wind began to pick up and the sky was turning to a pleasant yellow-orange. I could still feel the warmth around me. Flipping the dress and my hair, in it.
I want to remember this dream, I thought.
The wind was all I heard in my ears. Blowing the leaves in the trees, whistling in between the links of the fence.
If this was all I could hear, I’ll gladly listen. It was true. It was magical the way the wind whistled. It was as if it were speaking, to just me. Wrapping it’s arms around me, and only me. The wind understood, in its embrace.
“I wish, to understood as you do,” he said. Whether this was a dream or imagined. I heard his voice in my own head. It was still a dream and anything was possible.
I decided to test it. Fixing my gazed through the fence, toward the silent band.
Understand, what I do? What do you mean? I deliberately asked this question. It was the easiest I could think of, and it would have to do for a conversation starter, if that was where we heading.
“It’s easier if you simply think. Normally,” he explained, obviously able to understand.
So you can hear my thoughts?
I was impressed, intrigued by what was happening. The expression on my face must have been one of confusion or disbelief. I shrugged my shoulders.
Its just a dream, I reminded myself.
“That’s what you keep saying.”
None of this could be real. The way the silence rules this place. Looking down at my yellow dress. This dress isn’t exactly what I would wear in reality. 
“Hmmm…and telepathically speaking to one another is impossible?” He was speaking out loud, when he spoke.
I nodded.
“It must be a dream then.”
He leaned against the fence, his back to the band too. Now he watched the crowd just as I did.
“What’s your name?” He repeated.
Rose. Rose Moira.
“Like the Flower?”
Yes. My mom name my sister and I after certain plants or flowers. My sister, Ivy and her daughter Poppy. Keeping with tradition.
He didn’t say anything, I suppose he was listening. I was disappointed that we didn’t continue. That the conversation didn’t flow so easily. Keeping a curious and watchful eye on him. Wondering who he was, trying to remember his face. I would have to write this all in my journal, that I kept. My dreams and thoughts.
“You keep a journal?” His voice intruding into my head again.
Yes. It helps me see things differently.
“Differently? You mean you believe that dreams are…foretelling?”
I’ve always kept my dreams written down. Since I lost my voice, after the illness. I began to have dreams. Nothing like that particular one of Him and I. They were full of symbols and words. Things I’d never seen before. Like someone flipping through a photo album of abstract art. When I would explain them to Ivy, she would try and interpret them. She had dreams too, more prophetic dreams. But lately, she’s been to busy notice anymore.
I believe that they are more of a sign, than foretelling. A pathway per se.
“Interesting,” he said, without any emotion or movement.
I guess. Its what I believe. I told him. Amazed how this dream was so real.
“It’s what you believe? What about God? Do you believe in him?”
Was he really asking me about religion in a dream? I was embarrassed, and convicted in a way. Of course I believe in God. I do. But what I always wanted to know, is why he would create such things as dreams, and why we shouldn’t try and understand them.
“You believe in him, without seeing him?” He asked.
I nodded. Yes, I do. God has done many things to show me that he is real. He’s kept my family alive and well. He doesn’t need to prove anything, but I know he’s given me signs.
“Like what?” He asked, cynically.
Annoyed, I turned to face him, leaning my shoulder against the fence. I wanted to see his expressions more clearly. Was he mocking me?
Since this is a dream I’ll tell you. I said, telepathically to him, trying to convey some of the annoyance. When I was a child, maybe, seven years old. I was very ill. My brain swelled and I contracted encephalitis. I wasn’t expected to live. My larynx was damaged from vomiting, because the virus effected everything. Hence me being a mute. Well my mother never lost faith. I didn’t understand it then, why she prayed. In the end I survived. I owe it to God. He didn’t want me to die. Many people die of this disease. Why I was spared? Of course I want to know. But ever since then, I’ve had dreams and until only a few years ago, I kept the journal. 
Finally he turned to me and smiled crookedly. It wasn’t exactly an understanding smile. I was drawn to his dimples.
“It seems to be an easy task. To believe so easily. What else do you believe in?”
What do you mean?
“I mean if you believe in God, do you believe that there could be…aliens?”
Aliens?
“Mmhmm.”
I guess, I would have too.
“Have too? Why?”
Why was he asking me so many questions? And when was this dream going to end?
I suppose it’s the same principal. To know and to believe. Aliens are seen and people believe. God isn’t seen, but he shows himself in different ways, but we still believe. We need to believe in something.
“I see, and what about ghosts? Do you believe in the supernatural?”
Isn’t God a supernatural being?
He nodded, “Okay, what about different beings?”
Like?
“I mean do you believe in Werewolves or Vampires? Even other things not so obtrusive in this world. Demons and Angles?”
Why are you asking?
“I guess I want a different perspective.”
For some strange reason, I didn’t want to talk anymore. He was watching me closely. The color of his eyes were unsettling. As he waited for me to tell him what I thought. I was done with him and done with this dream.
The hill was the only place I could think of going, to get away. He glanced upward, reading my thoughts.
“I’m sorry Rose, I’m being rude,” He said shyly. An icy sensation brushed against my fingers. So cold I reacted, pulling away. But he kept his hold on my hand. Smooth, without imperfection. An alabaster statue come to life. Bringing it closer, to get a better look. I could make out veins, that were streaks of thin blue lines, underneath thin pale skin.
Who are you? My thoughts whispered. He pulled his hand away from the scrutiny. Then led me toward the tree. Up the pathway. I don’t remember there being an exit or entrance between the fence. But there was. Leading me to the top of the hill. San Francisco was painted in yellow and gold. The was sun setting, igniting the skyline. Making the buildings sparkle like sapphires. Below us, was the bay. The water was black except for the small white caped waves. It was all silent, all except the constant breeze.
“I can only see the sun in a dream. So you must be right,” he said. Almost to low to hear. There was a hint of sadness in it, this time.
Together, we looked out upon the bay and its whimsical beauty.
Who are you? I asked.
He chuckled a bit. Tousling his black hair out of his face. Beyond that of his pale skin I caught a glint of something I thought were fangs. Yanking my hand away and taking two or three steps back away from him.
Who are you? I asked again. Frightened.
“Why?”
Your-teeth. Trying to comprehend what I was really seeing. Trying to negotiate with reality and compose myself.
“My fangs.” He corrected, without hesitation.
You don’t exist. I argued.
“I thought so too. I’m pleased at your reaction though.”
W…what reaction?
“Your fear, it’s natural and healthy. I’m glad.”
For the fourth time, I was going to ask the same question. Who are you?
What I thought I saw was validated when he smiled again. A bigger toothy grin. One so that I could see more clearly what he was. Something I thought only existed in movies and storybooks. A thing that had many names and many homes. It was terrorizing me, in my dream Was he haunting me? Tormenting me, like he was meant to do? I felt small and helpless. Not knowing what his intentions were. He was shifting himself, to close me in. Innocently smiling, the whole time.
Inhaling deeply, I shut my eyes and pushed my hands against his torso. Feebly trying to get him as far away form me as possible. A useless attempt, he didn’t budge.
He leaned in close to my ear, his cold cheek pressed against mine, “We may never meet, but when we do, I won’t remember you…remember what I am. Rose. Don’t forget. I’ll need you,” pulling me closer to him and wrapping his arms around me. Compared to him, I was insignificant.
“No…No your not,” he whispered to me. I inhaled his cold breath. Lying my head against him. There was a slow beating inside. Too slow. I found myself unconsciously counting them. Including the ‘Mississippi’s’.
One Mississippi, bum bum, two…Mississippi, bum bum…three Mississippi, bum bum…four Mississippi, bum bum…five Mississippi, bum bum.
I felt my body go limp against him. He held me tightly, so I wouldn’t fall. Lavender filled my nose and lungs. Comfort. I was starting to wake up from this place.
“I’m Perish Falconbridge, Rose Moira. Fate has a way of finding its way back. When we do…meet again. We’ll have work to do.”
Don’t go, I whispered. Waking up in my bed. Curled into a ball, buried under my comforter.
It wasn’t that long ago. Maybe a year ago. But I never forgot about it. There were other times when I had dreams of Perish. Usually, it was as if we were meeting again, were we left off. We would sit under the tree. And he and I would catch up. The dreams were always scattered. But I always hoped they would come more often. They stopped about two or three months before Poppy fell ill. Now, here we were again. And what I thought were dreams, were real after all. And just as Perish said, he didn’t remember anything that had happened.
*~*~*
Chapter 10-Mortals Are Fragile
Dear Curious,
I am going to ask a favor of you. This will not require us to come face to face and I can’t explain the details. I just need you to do as I ask. It is impossible for you to answer right away, I understand. I will allot two days for a response. It is quite important. 
As for the favor. I will need you to pick up a package, that has been left for me at my former address. It was left for me by a friend, who must have forgotten that I no longer reside there.
Do not open the package! If you so much as peek, you will die. Not necessarily by me. It may very well have been your time, is all. And all our corresponding will end, immediately. As soon as your body was burned to ashes. I can not afford for anyone to know of our communications. The consequence is death. All traces of your existence erased. Whatever your answer, I will be waiting. Remember two days. No longer, no less. Enough said. 
In my years. Which I’ve learned, have been infinitely long. There has been a great lesson learned. About what? Mortals of course. For creatures so loved by God, they are greatly incapable of loving anything other than themselves. I’ve said this before. Mortals are more vicious then even I.
I am apt to say, that they are worse than the monsters, that we’re perceived to be, the Vampire. Everything they crave, comes from an internal greed. Lust for money of course, belonging, and love. But all these are because they, see it. They see what another has, and want what’s theirs. Relationships between countries, and between man, are because of what one covets. When they finally win what they’ve been looking for, they only abuse it. Leaving it destroyed inside. And for some strange reason, it’s like a drug. Addicting to some.
A gesture, a moment of silence, an angry word. It all comes down to wanting someone to understand. It’s a horrible thing, not to understand what one is really thinking about you, isn’t it?
What would happen if you did know? That, that one special person knew you’ve put so much time and energy into them. So much love and devotion. Finally, to come to the decision that you are in love, and only want that someone to understand your feelings. Only to have that, ‘special’ someone, tell you that they don’t Love you, only that they have love for you. Like a dog or a cat. What would you do then?
Mortals are very fragile, and easily broken by words. But the twist is, would you still be in love with them? Would you stay and allow yourself to be in love and never have that love returned? Waiting and hoping, that they would change the way they feel? What if things were somehow altered? What if there were children involved? What would you do then? Stay for the children? It becomes a matter of convenience, a mutual understanding would come into effect. And things would be even more complicated. Why do mortals put themselves in these stupid positions? Put their children in that position? This is another reason, I could never feel sorry for them. I don’t understand, why God loves them so much? I guess that’s why I’m in the position, I’m in now.
How great is a mortals greed, that because they want they get, and are never happy with the way things are. But, you still wallow in your own mess. Stupid.
What I have seen. Is that God waits and waits. He has a plan for you, but its never an easy one. You all have a fate, all have a talent. And most of you waste it. Sad.
You know which one’s I hate the most, the ones I enjoy taking the most? The ones that think they are the superior. Like the men that treat women like trash. The ones that have the wrong idea about what God really is, what he really wants. I hate the ones that don’t listen to good advice, lay around all day. Waiting for success to fall into their laps.
The ones that talk of money and women, when they already have someone who has done everything for them, without even the slightest thanks. They are the ones, that have small minds and live, just to live. Happy the way things are. Slothful pests. Sex, money and sustenance. Not only are the men thinking this way. Women do, as well. These are the mortals that leave more victims behind, than the Breeds do. Ignorant. I can hear them praying. I hear their victims, too. Praying for their, ‘loved’ one to change. Praying for them to leave, for them to see. For them to soften their heart. 
I want that too. I want to answer them. Because God takes too long. Sometimes, its too late. I want to take them. I want to put them out of their misery. So that I won’t have to hear anymore of their painful cries. But it would never work. These types of humans are too weak, to cross over. They wouldn’t change into a proper Vampire. It would be the same effect, if they were to change into the Wolf.
Mortals, didn’t know what they did to each other. Instead of building each other up, they broke each other down. Slowly chiseling at weaknesses. Until eventually, hurt turned to regret, into depression, into anger, and then…well death. Don’t forget denial.
Sometimes though, I came across one that was wiser than the others. One that is a little more open than most. Who wanted knowledge, who didn’t believe, that God was just an entity that played them like a chess game. Usually one, who was stifled by not knowing why they are so different. They thought more of the things, that went on around them. One who felt trapped and wouldn’t give up without a fight, no matter what. I found one. And little did I know, she was going to teach me.
I will expect to hear from you in two days.
Good Day,
P.F.
*~*~*
Chapter 11-Poppy’s One of Us
Ivy took the news a lot better than I expected. It was due more to Rose being there and Sebastian.
“She’s changing. We call it, ‘crossing over’,” I explained.
Ivy starred at me blankly. She hadn’t truly grasped, what I was saying, repeating me, word for word. Enunciating every syllable. Why did she have to do that? I’m sure she heard my words.
“Cro…ssing, ov…er?” It was almost sarcastic, as the words escaped her lips.
I was hoping, that Rose would explain the rest to her. Relinquish me, from explaining any more. Chime in at anytime.
Ivy still didn’t understand exactly what Sebastian and I were telling her. Which meant, that I was going to have to start by telling her, about us. I looked to Rose, then Sebastian and to Evie. Who was wiping the tears from her cheeks. We didn’t have much time.
“What beliefs to you have? I mean, do you believe in God and the Devil?” I hurriedly asked.
Evie interrupted with protest, “Are you going to explain what we are, to her now?”
Sebastian silenced her, with a gentle nudge from his elbow. She wrapped her arms around herself, pouting. Sending jealous energy through the room.
“Don’t mind her, she isn’t one of us. One of the Breed,” I explained. Purposely wanting to hurt Evie.
What’s ,‘one of us’, mean?” Ivy asked, slightly alarmed.
“Let me start over. Do you have beliefs? Do you believe in God and the Devil?”
Without hesitating she answered, “I do. I believe in Him. And I believe in the Devil. What’s this got to do with anything?”
I turned to Rose, I needed to make sure we were all, on the same page, “You too. Do you believe?”
She didn’t answer right away.
I feel like we’ve had this conversation before? I thought to myself.
“Well?” I urged, finally, she nodded.
I turned my attention back to Ivy, “Would you still believe in him, if the devil took something precious from you?”
“What!” Ivy exclaimed. It was starting to click to her.
“Would you? Answer me! Because, this is what’s happening,” I was yelling at them now, getting anxious. Needing, to get to the point and fast.
“I…can’t answer that. I’ll always love Poppy, no matter what. I would try my hardest to keep my faith. But…” she paused.
I didn’t think I was saying the words, I really wanted her to hear. Interrupting her, before she would say something she would regret, “Wait…” I told her, “I’m starting this all wrong.”
This was no nightmare, it was a reality. Her daughter was changing into something, like me and it was going to come full circle, in about thirty minutes.
“Ivy, do you have any clue as to what I am?” I asked her.
She shook her head, and turned to Rose, wondering if she knew. She was engrossed, watching as it all unfolded. I knew deep down inside, that I didn’t have to worry, if Rose understood. Even though she was a mute, she surely was no dummy. She heard everything.
“Rose do you know?” Ivy, saw it in her too. That her sister wasn’t afraid. It was obvious that, for the first time in a long time, Ivy looked to Rose, for comfort. She understood something, that Ivy didn’t. It was her turn, to help her family. Rose nodded, never once, taking her eyes from mine. There wasn’t a sign of fear in them. Unafraid, of what I was. Did she truly know? And how? Was I that obvious? Of course the events of the night weren’t exactly an everyday occurrence, especially for a mortal. How was she able to do what seemed to come naturally? Stay in control of herself.
“What are you? How come everyone is making such a big deal about it? Stop fucking around and tell me! Tell me where Poppy is, so that we can get out of this nightmare. I can’t handle this!” Ivy yelled. Rose grabbed onto her sister and hugged her. Ivy sobbed a little. Very little actually. Ivy was right, it was taking too much time.
Before the words could come from my mouth. It was Evie, who was gracious enough, to relay the information. “A vampire!” She blurted, spitting them spitefully, “Do you understand? Vam…pi..re!”
Her words echoed, in the small room. Quickly I got up moving swiftly toward her. This was it, I was going to kill her. She was seething, arms crossed, a dark red aura glowing viciously around her, as bright as the fire itself. If the others could see, they would have thought she caught fire.
I stood in front of her. Entirely, forgetting about the others in the room. Just as angry with her, as she was with me. So I thought. She looked up at me, as she’d done so many times before. Always angry, always jealous. 
Evie, young and energetic. Why hadn’t I been attracted to her? She was always there for me, took care of me. Never turned her back on me. And never gave up on me. That would have been enough. But she was mortal. That was one of her, many faults. I could never see her as a mate. I never felt the need to take one. Perfectly content, with being alone in this world. But Evie’s hope and undying faithfulness, was always outweighed by the ugliness of human nature.
Almost speechless, barely able to articulate the words to reprimand her for her behavior.
“How many times do we have to go through this?” I growled at her, through clenched teeth. Trembling with anger at her. I held it in. Surprised Luken hadn’t come through.
“What do you want with these people?” She asked. The question was so stupid. She was beating around the bush.
“What? You know perfectly well what they are doing here. Don’t be stupid Evie,” I barked.
She was trying to drag another argument out of me. Again, phishing for answers to her own misconceptions, “Admit it Perish,” she blurted out.
“WHAT!?” I asked, irritated.
She paused, knowing she was finally going, too far. She dropped her head into her hands and began sobbing again.
“Are you serious? Your crying?” I was being harsh, I know. And from Sebastian’s thoughts, the best drama he’s seen in a while. Since Napoleon and Desiree.
Evie thrusted herself at me. Wrapping her arms tightly around my waist. Tears soaking into my dirty shirt. Her thoughts were vivid. Always of me…of us. Happy. For a moment I was lost in them too. But the smell of her blood, so close to me. It was hard to keep the anger and frustration capped. Her embarrassing outburst was out of line. Still, I almost found myself, wrapping my own arms around her. Knowing it wasn’t because I wanted any attachment to her. It was because, she was the only one I honestly had a bit of pity for. I began to pry her arms from me.
“Stop it!” Ordering her to get a grip of her emotions.
She continued to sob, “Don’t you feel anything for me, Perish?” Even as she was crying, there were more pressing matters. I had to tell her that it would never be and could never be, what she was longing for. Our time was growing shorter.
“Evie, please your feelings are…only that. Feelings. I would never be able to give you what you are looking for. That’s not my nature.”
Wiping away the tears, she held onto my shirt, pleading with her eyes, for me to listen. “Your nature? You brought three mortals to our home, and turned a child into one of you. And you want to tell me that you wouldn’t care for me, the way you care for…” Again she hesitated to say what she was thinking.
“Care for…what? Evie, if your going to say something, say it. Please, stop wasting my time. We have things to do.”
“You’re an ass, Perish Falconbridge. A fucking ass, and I hate you. You care for THAT…THAT! The mute one! You selfishly brought her here, for you! Not to save her, but for your own selfishness. Admit it! As for WE…having things to do. Your on your own. You and your pervert, Immortal friend. And another thing, you won’t have to worry about me wasting your time anymore. You better get going, it’s close to the time of crossing over, for that mistake you made.”
Her words, were to be expected. She didn’t mean them, of course, she was angry with me. So be it.
Rose appeared and was standing in between Evie and I. She had placed a hand on my arm. I noticed the fire flickering in her light brown eyes. They seemed to go on forever. Her arm was outstretched, to her sister. She was reminding me of what I needed to finish explaining.
Of course, I should take her to her daughter, instead. Time had run out and Poppy was going to officially become, one of the nights children. Evie and I would have to settle our differences later. Evie’s thoughts weren’t screaming at me anymore. Instead, they were sad. I pretended not to hear her. I hate you Perish.
Before taking Ivy and Rose to see Poppy. I had to make sure Ivy would be okay. Asking Rose, if her sister was able to handle, what she was about to see. Mainly, I wanted to know if she was stronger then she looked at the moment.
“We should go,” I announced. Leaving Evie behind. I had to apologize to the sisters, for Evie’s behavior. But Rose was in my head again and she, apologized instead.
She seemed pretty mad we were here. Sorry.
So, I assume she heard what was said, to my embarrassment. It wasn’t like it was a quiet conversation.
“Like I said, her bark is worse then her bite. I should be apologizing, instead. You and your family have done nothing wrong,” I turned my attention to Ivy and Sebastian, they were a having conversation. He was calming her, preparing her.
“Please…come with me,” I told Ivy. I took her hand in mine, she flinched, as I assisted her up from the chair. Taking advantage, by invading her thoughts. Just enough, to get a feel for what she was really thinking. My conclusion, Ivy is just as strong, as her sister. She wasn’t quite buying, the whole dark castle and vampire inhabitant, explanation. She was going along with it, to get her daughter back. Unfortunately, that wasn’t going to happen. But, not the way she thought it was.
“Your hand is so cold, and smooth,” she said. 
Even though she flinched earlier, she didn’t pull away.
“Yes” I nodded.
“Vampire. Right,” she reaffirmed.
Rose, remained behind us. Since the first time we’d come face to face, there was a always silence. I needed that silence now, as we approached my room. With the screaming of Poppy, getting louder and louder. Thankful it was unheard, by human ears. So much for the silence.
Poppy cried out through her inner thoughts. She was in pain. Forgetting all of her human traits. She could smell the blood of her mother and aunt, through the halls. This was going to be harder than I thought.
“You better get ready for the outcome,” said Luken. Finally making his voice audible.
I will need to prepare my thoughts to calm her.
“Yes, I think that’s best,” he said.
Don’t worry Perish, Ivy is more resilient then you take her for, Rose reassured me. I shouldn’t underestimate her Ivy. I can hear her. I can hear her crying in your thoughts, she said. What has happened to our Poppy?
As we walked our last few steps, we stood in front of the door. I couldn’t bring myself to look at either of them. Not even at Sebastian. His thoughts were remorseful, for the little family. Being a heavenly type of Breed, he felt for the mortals. This curse that I’ve passed, was my burden and their loss.
What did you say? I asked her. Realizing that she said she could hear Poppy’s thoughts from my own. She has tapped into me. Just as I had done earlier, when I saw through her eyes. Was it possible? I tried to keep my focus on Poppy, while distracted by Rose.
I can hear Poppy in your thoughts. Its as if we are all here. Why is she so sad? And so alone? Rose wanted to know.
“She can hear all that you hear Perish. This isn’t good,” Luken interrupted.
“Can she feel them as well? The way I do?” The question meant for Luken. Instead Rose was the one that answered.
I can, she replied.
“She can’t hear me,” Luken spoke, with a chuckle.
Me…who? She asked. 
If she was able to hear Luken, I couldn’t be sure in what capacity.
Sebastian was always observing me, and moved to were I stood at the door.
“Your doing it again,” he said, and pushed the door open.
It swung wide. The smell of death, was thick in the air. Ivy was the first to enter, without hesitation, nearly running. She searched the room for her daughter.
There she was. Sitting up in my bed, with Annette watching over her. Whispering reassuring words. Poppy knew her mother was here. A beautiful smile stretching across her face. Unintentionally, she exposed her new fangs. Small and deadly.
“Mommy!” She squealed.
Tiny crystal tears, falling down her cheeks. She jumped out of the bed, with hardly any effort and into Ivy’s arms. Rose was right, she was able to handle this, better than I anticipated.
She was still the small creature from the ally. Skinny, with translucent skin. And although she was female, and a child. She was still, the image I’d seen, my entire existence. Already, she knew of her tremendous strength. And made the effort, not to squeeze her mother to death. Poppy, was fully aware and adjusted easily. 
For a child this would have been hard. But her lineage and blood type apparently, worked in her favor. If she was still mortal, she would have excelled in everything at a humans pace. Possibly, never reaching her full human potential. But in this way, Crossing Over, she was thrusted into the Breed, fitting in naturally. Learning quickly, the ways of a Vampire.
The child possessed enormous resistance to her mothers blood, as close as she was. Being a ‘new born’, should have been a battle within. She didn’t react ‘normally’. There wasn’t anything she did, that was normal. Normal for a Vampire. Could it really be, that she had taken to the venom…too naturally?
I moved closer to them, circling the two. Amazed at the girl, while she held onto her mother. Poppy’s thoughts, were what a child’s should be. Grateful, that her mother was here.
There was something that ran deep, with these women. She wasn’t afraid for herself, or for her mother. But, I did happen to see that she was afraid for her Aunt.
I had to speak with her. Learn more.
“Poppy,” I called for her.
She let go of her mother, but made sure to stay close. They both looked up at me. Ivy and Poppy, met in the center of a red carpet, that lay next to the fireplace.
“I have to ask you. Do you know what has happened to you?”
She knew. Her thoughts painted the memory of that night. Reminiscent of two days before. Seeing my face covered in blood and the dizzying yellowing lights, as she was being carried away.
“I’m sorry,” I apologized.
“Don’t be,” She said. Shrugging her shoulders.
“Why’d you apologize?” Ivy interrupted. Pulling Poppy back into her arms. Than stood up and put herself in between me and her offspring.
You did this? Rose asked.
Who else was I supposed to answer to now?
“I did this,” I said aloud.
“You turned my child?! You turned her into some kind of, demon? Do you know what you’ve done?”
For the first time, I was beginning to understand what was really taken away. As if it weren’t bad enough that I’d taken her innocence. Taken away her ability to mature into a young woman. Have children of her own and a future. I’d also taken her ticket to heaven away, without the chance to make a decision on her own. I was her personal reaper. She’d done nothing, to deserve that. 
All I knew, was I may or may not have a connection to the three of them. But I couldn’t be certain about that either, because I had no recollection of who they were. And now I had to answer, to a higher power. Had to answer to the victim and to the Society.
You’ve taken her soul. How could you?
And so it began, the first of my punishments. Sebastian stepped in between the angry mother and my ward. Sensing that the situation was getting out of control. 
“Let’s take a few minutes, take in the days events.”
He instructed Annette to take Rose along to get water. Discreetly telling her to bring blood, for the girl.
Amazing, the control she has? He was thinking. He was speaking of Poppy or Ivy. Actually, he was admiring the both of them. Ivy, for her strength. Poppy for her composure. Something was changing inside him. He was interested. Genuinely interested, in Ivy.
“Perish,” he called to me. “Why don’t you assist, Rose and Annette? I’ll stay here. Everything seems to have gone better, than we expected.”
I was all to willing, to leave the room. Ivy of course was hurting for her daughter. Poppy, would never go to heaven. And even with Sebastian being there to ease the pain. She believed that God had turned his back on her. Trying to remember a time when, she may have done something to make Him, angry. Angry enough, that he would allow this to happen. The guilt was getting overwhelming. I needed to leave the room now.
Evie was lurking in the doorway, as I busied myself, trying to ignore her. I did as I was asked and was assisting Annette, like Sebastian suggested.
I followed Annette to a small kitchen, through one of Freedom’s many secret passageways and rooms. These were meant for the assistants. I’d always wondered how Evie could disappear, only to reappear so quickly. She must have spent most of her time in here.
I could hear Annette shuffling around inside. Preparing a platter of fruits, cheese and meats, for the women. And blood for Poppy. She placed two glasses of water, on a table, shuffling passed me. Giving me the stink eye. Rose, made her way, slowly, into the kitchen. In deep thought.
Rose was hurt. Confused and didn’t know what to believe anymore. Her nieces condition occupied her thoughts. No need to read her to know that.
Rose, was afraid of me now. And afraid for Poppy.
I don’t understand any of this. She said. Why to a little girl? You’re not who I remember at all. What has happened to you? What has happened to my friend?
It was hard for me to admit, but I felt sorry for her. It felt like I’d hurt someone important to me. But still, I didn’t know what she meant by, ‘remember’. All I could think to do, was take her hand.
Her body went ridged. And she looked away from me.
Fear rushed from her being, entering mine. There was a coldness that crept through and she began to shiver. I could sense Evie quietly watching me. I waved her over. Pointing to the table.
“Get the glass of water for Ivy and take it to her, don’t forget the…blood for Poppy. Bring a blanket for Rose, on your way back. Make it fast,” I ordered.
Without question, she did as I asked.
I still had Roses hand in mine, and led her out of the kitchen. It was always dark in the hallways, just as I remembered. Only the candles to light it.
“Your getting soft boy,” said Luken.
Your getting annoying, as always. I thought, What should I do? I really was asking for advice, from Luken. 
“You need to find out what the connection is.”
There is no connection.
How could you not remember? Rose asked, the soft spoken whisper was brighter than the candle light. I released her hand and she leaned her shoulder against the wall. The gusts of wind, still creeping through the castles halls. Goosebumps, popping up over her skin. She pressed closer to the wall, rubbing her hands against her bumpy skin. Trying to keep warm.
She’s so sad and so brave. Both of them. They will never show their true feelings to one another. Not even to me. And not to you. So if they seem composed, their not. They just don’t want to hurt anyone.
Reluctant to hear anymore, I leaned my back against the wall next to her. Starring into the darkness, listening. We finally had a chance to talk.
“I know. Even if they don t say it, I can feel it. But…how, do you…feel it too?”
I waited for her to answer, but she didn’t right away. She just stood with her back to me, shivering. The halls were cold, and the fear just enhanced it. Noticing that her shivering was becoming more violent and rhythmic. I searched both ends of the hall for Evie. She was taking her time on purpose.
Is there really a God? She asked.
I could see the silhouette of her small nose and the line of her full lips. Her cheeks, glistening as tears fell over them. More crying. I had a way with mortal women.
“I think there is,” I answered. Ignoring the tears, not knowing how I should deal with it.
I don’t know anymore. I mean, your real and you’re a dead thing…so there has to be.
“I wonder about that all the time,” I replied.
She turned to me. I could see her from the corner of my eye. She made me uncomfortable, I hesitated to meet her sad gaze. Arms, still tightly wrapped around herself. 
De javu, I’d done this before. She was giving off that cinnamon scent, every time she moved. I couldn’t bring myself to look away from her eyes, deep and clear. Brown and plain. Wanting to grab me, pull me into them. I would have let them. My throat felt like it was closing up. I wanted to tell her, sorry, for what I’d done. Over and over again. Is this what Luken was saying all along? She was a nostalgic force that I had no recollection of, but wanted to know.
“How did you feel Poppy, through me?” I asked. The ringing starting again. Not as loud as before.
I just did. I felt it, through you. Like I said.
“But how?”
I don’t know. When we’re apart, I don’t feel anything. But when you’re close, I do. I feel everything. Hear everything too. Like when you were angry with Evie. I felt her anger with you. But she…uh…,well, she loves you. And that little argument, isn’t going to change her mind or her feelings for you. Did you know that?
“Yes. And you felt all of that too?”
I heard it and seen it. Her voice was an echo. Her thoughts were flipping pictures. She has a lot planned for you two. A forced sound came from her. She giggled. Something like a raspy noise.
I didn’t know what to say to this. It was a dangerous ability for the both of us. If the Society found out, she would be treated as I was in the laboratory.
“Strange that you would be able to do that. I mean, your no Breed. Your actually…, damaged in a sense.”
She didn’t say anything, just starred. I said something, I wished I hadn’t. “Damaged.” That wasn’t what I meant to say. It was more of a compliment to her ability, as a human. To be able to tap into a vampire.
Evie finally arrived with the water and blanket. For once, I was glad that she was there.
“Evie, stay with Rose. I’ll take in the water.”
She started to protest. Faster then she could refuse, I grabbed the water from her hands. And without spilling a drop, went into the room. Leaving the two alone.
Upon entering, Sebastian and Ivy were silently talking. Both seated in the high back chairs, warmed by the fire. Annette was straightening the room and checking on Poppy, comfortably reading a book. She seemed enthralled and didn’t budge, when I moved passed her. Annette met me, before I could get the water to Ivy. She took the cup from my hands and nodded in thanks. It wasn’t proper for a Vampire to serve.
Upon returning to Rose and Evie, I stopped where Poppy was seated. She still didn’t seem the least bit hungry for blood and still showed no sign of uncontrollable behavior.
I continued on, to the hall. Slowing down when I heard Evie speaking, “You better know how to handle yourself here. Perish won’t always be around.”
I tried to read into Rose, tell her to ignore her. It seemed that what she said, about us being close, was proving true. Rose of course didn’t say anything to defend herself, she couldn’t.
“He’s mine,” Evie said. “Your too broken anyway. You’re the worst of the humans. A bad apple. Why he even took the time to help you, I don’t know. Your, what make mortals pointless to him. Why he will never see what I could do for him. Useless! Can’t even speak up for yourself.”
SLAP!
It was silent for the moment. Evie had gotten what she deserved. She still hadn’t learned her place and it took one of her own kind, to remind her. From the doorway, I could see her with her hand to her cheek. Stunned. She saw me there and threw the blanket at me. Embarrassed, she disappeared into the room. Shoving me as she quickly pushed passed. No one in the room noticed her, only Annette.
Rose was breathing deeply, her fists balled up at her sides. I swept through her thoughts. She started to show me what happened, before the altercation.
Evie’s jealous face, the word, I so delicately chose to describe her. Had stabbed at her. Undeservingly. Certainly, I deserved that slap too.
Yeah! You do.
“It wasn’t intentional,” I told her, offering the blanket. She took it from me, but not without a stinging glance.
I didn’t treat you this way. Why would you? When we first met, you said you would need my help. But at what expense? My niece’s soul and my sisters sanity. You’re a curse.
She wrapped the blanket around herself and sat on the ground, huddled against the wall. I should have offered to take her inside, but I knew see she wouldn’t want to.
“Your taking this well,” I tried to change the subject.
What else am I supposed to do? Run…scream? What good would that do? Its not exactly an everyday occurrence to meet a Vampire and have someone you love changed into one. It would have been a different story, if you didn’t come to me first. At all, for that matter. Then you came back. Not in a dream. But in the…flesh, so to speak.
I hung onto every word she said, listening for any answer to the clues that have been put in front of me.
“What did I say…in this dream…exactly?”
I found myself squatting against the wall too. Reading her thoughts, as she described the dreams. Our first supposed meeting and the revisiting. It was unlike me to behave in the way she was describing me. It couldn’t have possibly been real. Where was I physically? What was I thinking?
“I don’t remember any of this,” I said, turning to her, confused. She’d stopped shivering. I was hoping I would remember a little bit, from what she described.
But I didn’t.
I see. You also said on your last visit, that I would have to be patient. And that you were a little dense.
“Did I?”
She giggled the raspy sound again.
The patients part, yes. Not about being dense.
We both laughed. She focused on my fangs, when I smiled. And we both fell silent.
“Are you… still afraid of me?”
She nodded and looked away, ashamed, A little.
“Don’t be, it’s good.”
Even in the dark, I saw her features. I didn’t see her reaching for me.
Can I touch you again? I just need to know for sure, that your not a dream and I’m not crazy.
I didn’t want her to touch me. We were already too close, considering that we could already feel each other.
Unsettling as it was, I agreed to let her touch me.
She stood up, and I followed. She was just under my shoulder, 5’ 2”, I’m guessing. We weren’t exactly face to face. Rose looked up at me and I seemed to loom over her. Her heart was beating, I could feel it, beating, through me. Vibrating, inside my body. I tried to swallow the lump, in my throat.
Rose whispered to herself, eyes tightly shut, Don’t be afraid, don’t be afraid, don’t be afraid.
I was thinking the same thing. Everything about her, was calling to me. Pulling me.
Cautiously, she reached for my hand. What was the worst that could happen, if she did touch me? Remembering, that I was the one that dragged her into the hallway. I was the one afraid. Afraid, of what she was doing to me.
Your afraid of me?
“What?” I was backing away now.
Your repeating the words I’m saying to myself.
I was letting her in too easily. The whole time, Luken hadn’t said a word, he was right I was getting soft.
“I don’t think this is a good idea,” struggling with her scent and how near we were. My words came out more like a whisper.
That’s okay, She was slightly relieved, she lowered her hand and stopped her pursuit.
“With you reading my thoughts, feeling things. I don’t think we should be alone or…together,” I selfishly suggested.
Its only the two of us who know about it. Who am I supposed to talk too? I felt her loneliness.
“Don’t mention it to anyone. If the Society finds out, you won’t be able to protect your family. So keep it to yourself.”
Evie’s voice buzzed in my head. Ass. She’d been eves dropping.
*~*~*
Chapter 12-Change is Good…Sometimes
~Rose~
How was I supposed to say anything, to anyone? I barely spoke to my own sister. Unless I wrote it down. Things were changing and it wasn’t going to be the same anymore. Ivy was grieving Poppy. And in a mixed up way, Poppy wasn’t dead. It was strange to be here. It was all like a dream, in fast forward.
Poppy seemed to still be, Poppy. Only now she smelled a little different, did things effortlessly. Almost, exactly like Perish. Her eyes, weren’t the same either, they changed, from her natural hazel, to pale green.
After explaining to me, how dangerous it would be for us to be close to each other. He went back into the room, leaving me in the hall. It wouldn’t be hard to leave him alone. Even though he wanted answers, just as much as I did. He wasn’t the same either. Of course, when I met him, it was in a dream state. So real. He was naturally standoffish, then, in the beginning. And it was clear, he didn’t enjoy the company of humans. And was guilt ridden by the change in Poppy. It was all to confusing.
I peered into the room, adjusting the blanket around my shoulders. I saw Ivy and Sebastian talking calmly to each other. Its been a while, since she has given another man the time of day. Although, I wasn’t so sure that Sebastian was a man at all. He wasn’t anything like Perish. With his pale skin and fangs. Sebastian was incredibly beautiful. There wasn’t anything normal about him at all. But, he seemed to take the edge off the situation. Eerily. Being here, it felt like being in the eye of the storm. While everything around us, was being ripped apart, around us. With only a few seconds, before the storm would move back in.
Poppy, seemed so content, to be what she was. Taking naturally. I knew that Perish was aware of this, it crossed his mind a few times. Questions about, why she wasn’t craving. She was ‘New Blood.’ It would make sense for her to be hungry, considering. But she didn’t and this was strange, alarming to him. She was his first change. And thought maybe, it was her age, that caused this side effect. Or maybe he missed something in the process.
While we were in the hall. He spoke the name, Luken. I didn’t know what or who that was. Except, that he acted, as if it were something that was bothering him. Personally, Poppy was always a strong child, free willed and good hearted. Maybe she was meant to be this. Maybe, she was in control, better than we thought she was. After all she was only a child. Destiny had a way of finding its way.
I watched her, as she read the books. She had a small pile, stacked next to her. Skimming their pages quickly, then placing them neatly to the opposite of her. Never before had I seen her read anymore then comic books. But here she was, reading four hundred page novels, in less then twenty minutes. Maybe her hunger was…knowledge, instead of blood. Skimming the room, I looked for Perish, who seemed to disappear.
Of course he would. 
Evie, was watching me closely. She was a very angry person. I hadn’t done anything to her. Yet she held this animosity towards me. Her feelings for Perish were blinding her sensibility’s, with puppy love and jealousy. And she wasn’t bashful about it.
Another gust of wind blew through the hall. It was my signal to go back into the room and warm myself at the fire.
“Close the door.” Perish was behind it. I did as he asked.
It was refreshing how he spoke to me. Even though he called me damaged, he still talked to me like I was normal. Out loud. Was he standing there the entire time? He couldn’t have been. I couldn’t tap into his thoughts.
“Thank you,” he said. I watched him move out of the shadows. From a dark hole with a dim light inside. “It’s a shadow room, you can go if you like.”
I did, curiously. I went into the darkness and into the room, lined with books. There were only two candles that lit it, but it seemed to be enough. Two chairs occupying the middle of the room and a table. It was comfortable, nice to get away from jealous eyes.
“Auntie?”
Turning around, I saw Poppy in the door, with an armful of books. Smiling. I held my arms out to her. She fell into me. And I embraced her. She was so cold and stiff. She didn’t smell like the old cookies and watermelon shampoo, I remembered. She smelled like vanilla bean.
“I came to get more books,” she said.
I nodded, followed her to a case. Helping to replace what books she read, on the shelf. They were beautiful and I could see why Poppy would want to read these wonderful stories. I searched the shelves myself. Running my finger on the spines, reading the titles to myself. Poe, Stowe, Twain, Doyle, Shelly, Dostoevsky and Austen, my favorite author. There were so many authors. And historical references. Encyclopedia’s, from A to Z. Books of religion and religious speculation. It was an enormous collection, for a small room.
Poppy was flipping through another book, in the chair. I found my way back to Austen’s collection. ‘Pride and Prejudice.’ I Slipped it off the shelf. Opening its crisp yellowing pages. The paper had a wonderful perfume of imagination. And worlds, that I wished I could have experienced all on my own. Perish must have read this book many times. The smell of lavender wafted from the pages. I sneezed, it tickled my nose.
“Bless you,” Poppy said, without lifting her head, intensely reading.
I opened the first page and read the first lines. What would have compelled her to write such a story. She must have experienced it herself. Sitting down in the chair, I began to read it. My eye lids began to feel heavy. I was tremendously tired and hungry. Both the shock and excitement, finally catching up with me. I’d fallen asleep in the chair. I curled up, hugging the book to my chest. Wrapping the blanket tighter.
It didn’t take long for me to fall deep. I felt the cold kiss of a vanilla scented Poppy, saying goodnight. She left me alone, inside the secluded room. Her footsteps soft, as she went to tell the others, I’d fallen asleep. I believe it was Sebastian, who suggested, that I should be allowed to sleep in the bed. I hoped they wouldn’t wake me. Ivy protested of course and said she wouldn’t want to bother me. I could feel them, hovering at the entrance of the shadow room, Sebastian and Ivy.
“I’ll stay with her,” she said.
“Are you sure? I can carry her to the bed, so the both of you will have a better nights sleep,” he suggested.
Imagining that Ivy was blushing. She didn’t take him too serious, with her practical side, she refused the offer. Instead, Sebastian instructed Evie and Annette, to bring more blankets. And make a comfortable place, for her in the chair. They did as they were told. They moved about quietly. Ivy, politely thanked them, when they were done.
“Benjamin will be here in the morning, to evaluate Poppy,” Sebastian told Perish.
Lavender, passed under my nose. He’s was blowing out the candles, leaving one.
I felt like he’d been watching me.
“I know,” he replied. “Have you noticed anything strange about Poppy?”
Sebastian knew right away, “She isn’t hungry. Let’s talk about this by the fire. It’s cold tonight.”
They left Ivy and I, to the quietness of the room. I heard Poppy, stepping lightly, toward her mother. Snuggling with her. They whispered to each other. Good nights and I love you. Ivy, was stronger than I thought. She was grateful for her child being alive. Understandably, questions still remained, about what she was willing to believe in anymore. I guess she was dealing with it, in her own way.
I didn’t know if they were sleeping. If Poppy, even slept at all anymore. Surprisingly, I wasn’t tired anymore. I just needed to lay down. My back was aching, from the weird contortions I had to maneuver, to get comfortable in this chair. I wanted to sleep. but I couldn’t. I’d been up all day and almost all night. Deciding, I should sit up for a little while. I pulled my knees to my chest, and stretched my arms. The low, calming voice of Perish and the confidence of Sebastian’s, were being carried through, to the room. Though they were muffled, I could make out some words.
“She’s amazing. It’s going to be interesting to see what Benjamin is going to say. And, what the Society will, as well,” I heard Sebastian say.
“Benjamin will add her to his collection,” said Perish, adding his sarcasm.
Sebastian must have thought it was the right time, to question Perish about his strange behavior.
“What’s your problem all of a sudden?” He asked him.
“What do you mean?”
“The change of heart toward him, Benjamin?”
It was silent for a moment. And I heard Evie, asking if they needed her anymore for the night. Perish grumbled something, than I heard the door close.
“I can’t…say,” he continued.
“Hmmm,” Sebastian grumbled suspiciously. “It’s not like I know anything.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t know what to believe anymore. Who to trust.”
“It seems, you trust that girl, Rose.”
Perish was silent.
“Nothing to say about it, huh? Is that how bad you go it?” Teased his friend.
“What?”
My heart began to beat through my chest. A knot, tightening in my throat. Hoping he couldn’t hear it, feel it. My cheeks got warm. 
I shouldn’t be eaves dropping. The pain in my back, was gone and lay down with the blanket, pulling it over my ears. I didn’t want to hear anymore. At that instant, I wished I was deaf as well.
*~*~*
~Perish~
What was he getting at?
“What are you talking about?” I quickly asked him. Was he trying to embarrass me?
“It’s not that obvious, don’t worry about it.”
“Obvious? What’s obvious? About what…what are you talking about?”
“It’s okay really, you care, that’s all I’m saying,” Sebastian was trying to pull something out of me, I didn’t even know was there. Then.
“About the girls? About Poppy?” I asked him. Rationalizing his accusation. Inside I didn’t want to answer him. I denied what he was really trying to get at. “I owe it to them. I’ve ruined a family that was perfectly fine, before I came along.”
“Hmmm. Okay, you can deny it a little longer. It’s probably safer that way. I mean, it’ll help, when Benjamin starts questioning you about your intentions and future.”
Was that what Benjamin wanted? Is that all it was? I didn’t feel right about it. My instincts told me, it was more than something that simple, as simple as concern. I was sure, this was all a plan put in motion, by him. I just didn’t know, how we all fit into it… together. Who was for me and who was against me.
As if a curtain was pulled in front of my eyes. Everything was black, in that instant. Sebastian, calling to me, as if he were in a distant, faraway place. I couldn’t move, I was paralyzed.
“It’s times like these, that I need to make you more aware, that I’m still here.” 
Luken caused this blackout. He’s made it so I was unable to move, unless he makes it so. I must have fallen, because my arm and ribs, had sharp pains shooting through them.
Pain?
“Yes, Perish it’s pain. Hurts don’t it?” Luken teased me, gloating in my discomfort.
“I’ve felt pain before,” I told him. Defiant.
“I’m sure. With the Heaven child.”
The Heaven Child.
“Yes,” I told him. Answering him, kept me conscious.
I tried to move my arms, to get out of this position. To gain some control of myself. For some unknown reason, he was making an appearance and was much stronger then before. More evil. One moment he was helping me understand, the next he was trying to slowly kill me. My personal, inner turmoil.
“I hope you aren’t getting attached,” said Luken.
“I can’t,” not really sure what he was implying.
“You will,” so sure of himself. Of course he was, he was part of me. He knows me better than anyone.
“No, I can’t,” I was in pain. Something, more than physically.
Luken had ultimate control. My eyes flew open. I was watching his every move and where he wanted me to be. Saw his movements as he made them with my body. Our body. It was easy for him. No soul. I was just dead, thirsty flesh. A vessel for evil.
Sebastian looked on in astonishment. Repeating my name, over and over. It wasn’t me. My body, pushed itself from the ground. Pain moving with me. My arm hung limp at my side. I think it was broken. Dead meat.
“What are you doing?!” I heard Sebastian yelling, as I shuffled passed him. Broken. I could feel his fear.
“What are you doing?” I repeated his words.
“Perish!” He yelled.
“Perish!” I yelled.
For the first time, I felt panicked.
Deep in the back of my thoughts, I heard Luken say, “I’m going to kill her.”
I had to fight. Fight harder, then I’d ever fought against Luken. Concentrating on pushing him back. I felt my body pause and saw through windows that were my eyes, I was directly in front of the Shadow Room. He was going to take this too far, and I couldn’t do anything. Once again, I was out of control. His plan was to do something that would surely cause a rift in the Societies Laws, and everything I’ve ever known. He was trying to start a war with the Mortals. This would be the way to begin.
Poppy was first in his plan. Now it was going to be Rose. But Rose was supposed to die. Leaving Ivy alone. Ivy would truly have nothing to lose, and would either, be turned or killed herself. Luken wasn’t planning on killing Ivy though. He would use Ivy as a witness. To tell the truth to our existence. Use her sadness, her anger, her loss, as the catalyst. Why did Luken want war? Why was he showing me now?
I felt Sebastian grab my arm. Seeing him do it. Luken pulled away, ripping the sleeve from my shirt. Luken, thrusted my body forward, I pressed my hands against the door frame. The sound of splintering wood being pulled apart, could be heard through the room. What could I do? I had to warn them!
With all my inner strength, I found my voice.
“ROSE!” I screamed. The room shook.
Poppy was standing in front of me, with fangs bared.
“Get your mother and Rose, out of my face,” I instructed Poppy. Trying to get as many words out, as quick as I could. She nodded.
I growled a warning. Humans knew better than to stay in the midst of danger. Fight or flight. The three of them standing in front of me, in the dim lit doorway of the room. Ivy’s eyes were fearful, grabbing tightly to Poppy. Rose grabbed onto Ivy.
Ringing in my ears, through my brain. It was painful and louder then before. My hands shot to the sides of my head, over my ears. It was just as loud to Luken, as we stumbled backward. Leaving enough room, for the three of them to get passed. Sebastian, shoved me to the side with a powerful thrust. I went flying through the room and hit the bedpost. Splitting it in half. The anger grew in Luken. Quickly, he recovered.
“Don’t you smell her blood? Don’t you want her?” He growled, as he watched Sebastian rushing them toward the door. 
Sebastian, managed to get Ivy and Poppy into the hall. Unfortunately, Luken managed to separate Rose from the others. Slamming the door closed, before she could escape. He used me to block it. I could heard Sebastian banging against it. Ivy screaming her name. 
Sebastian has great strength. But tonight, he wasn’t stronger than Luken. It wouldn’t take Sebastian long to break through. Even with Poppy helping. Poppy hadn’t fed and was weak. Too weak for a new born. But still strong. With the two of them trying come through, Luken had his own pressure to fulfill his plan. If they did get through, while I wasn’t myself. Sebastian would have to kill me.
Luken was stalking Rose. The smell was intense, he wanted to take her and drink her. I did too. Out of control.
She called to me. Soft spoken.
Perish? She whispered.
“Don’t speak to her!” Luken commanded me.
Are you going to kill me?
Luken was gnashed his teeth at her. And leaned in closely. Without anywhere to go, she was pinned against the door. With Poppy, Sebastian and Ivy trying to get in. In this state of mind, the inner thoughts that were usually so audible, weren’t any longer. I could only hear Rose. And she, was begging for her life.
He was pressuring me, the way he’d had done with Poppy, “Take her Perish! Take her now, just a taste,” I groaned in protest. Half, from the pain of an empty stomach and the smell of her blood. The other half, from the subtle throbbing of my arms and the burning symbols. A combination of the feeling of my bones coming together, mending the broken arm. The door frame was crumbling in my hands while I hovered over her.
Sebastian’s voice was coming thru. Demanding me to do, what I‘ve tried to, for longer than he’s known me, “PERISH! Don’t touch her. Wake UP!” I pulled the wood of the frame off. Enough so that he could see what was happening.
Se...bast…ian…Help. Rose’s cries went unheard.
The fear from both sides of the door were intoxicating. Fueling Luken’s rage.
“Your taking too long, dim wit. If you can’t do it. I will,” he growled.
The next thing I knew. Luken forced my hand. Swiping at Rose with razor sharp nails. They were like blades, ripping into her arm as she tried to shield herself. Her blood, oozed from the wound.
The screams that came from both sides of the door, shot through me like a bullet. Ivy was almost histerical as she pounded harder against the door. Sebastian had to push them away.
Blood and cinnamon, filling the air. Rose fought hard. Landing a few punches and scratches to my body. It didn’t matter. Luken wanted her dead. And there was no way she could scream or plead for herself out loud. But inside, she was still crying and praying.
“Luken!” I yelled to him. Begging, pleading now. Fighting him inside myself. When it was what I’d always done, countless times. Kill the ones, I thought deserved it. The mortals that I hated. The thing was, I didn’t hate these girls. These women. I didn’t hate Rose. Luken did.
Her wide, frightened eyes starred up at me. The reflection of a rogue Vampire starring back at me. It was hard to resist her. My stomach groaned and twisted into knots. A wet sensation was trickling down my arm. Needles, pricked at my shoulder.
There was pain in my ribs. It wasn’t long, before one pain subsided and a new one began. Automatically, I looked to see what may be the cause. And saw my own blood trickling down. My blood. Stunned. No one touched me. No one laid a finger on me. Except for the small insignificant hits Rose attempted. And the shove that Sebastian had stunned me with. The broken arm was healed. Since then, there have been no physically inflicted wounds.
For the moment, Luken was distracted. He couldn’t understand it either. This was my moment to gain some control. I pulled away from Rose. Reaching up to touch the cold red streaks. Smudging the blood. The wound reaching from elbow to shoulder, had already started to heal.
Perish don’t hurt me. Please. Remember we’re…friends.
Luken was annoyed and started to rip at my shirt. Slicing at myself with my own claws. Rose shifted, attempting to slip away, grasping at her arm tightly. The blood spilling, from in between her fingers. Like a moth to the flame, both Luken and I were drawn to it. I couldn’t help it anymore. I clenched my teeth.
Unexpectedly, I felt her run her fingers over my wound. My skin reacting to her heat. Like it had a life of its own.
Perish? Perish, look at me please.
Luken pushed away, “Don’t touch me, vermin!” I screamed.
Perish, I know this isn’t you. Where are you?
I listened and waited for another lull in Luken. It was his drop in energy, that told me he was getting weak. I had only a few moments to speak as myself. For a moment Luken wasn’t in control.
“Help me. I can’t control him,” I pleaded, knowing she couldn’t help. She was only a mortal.
She urged me not to give up. Fight Perish. Fight! Please. Whatever…Whoever is controlling you. You have to fight him. Or you’re going to kill me.
Pushing her arm away, we pinned her to the ground. Flat on her back. She didn’t struggle with us anymore. Just starred up at me. My nails digging into her skin. The deeper I went, the more she bled. More blood. More sweetness. Never taking her eyes from mine. And as she bled, so did I.
Then as if a light went on in Luken, he started to understand, “She feels?” He growled. “The more I wound her, your body reacts with the same wound.”
Was it true? Recalling the gash that he inflicted earlier and the wound I inexplicably received, at exactly the same time. Now only a faint scar. Rose, on the other hand, was still in pain and couldn’t heal her wounds on her own. They were deep enough for me to know that it was intolerable pain. With the slightest movement, her wound would spilled more blood.
I had to fight harder. Ultimately, comprehending the severity of what would happen if he killed her. She would surely die and I would as well. Even as he wounded her, I was inflicted with the same.
Did she know of our bond?
“There is only one way to find out,” Luken hissed. He forced my hand into my rib cage. I collapsed onto the floor. There was the pain. I could barley make out Rose, laying next to me. Her body covered with both of our blood.
Subsiding quickly, my ribs were already on the mend. Getting to my feet, I reach for her. As the scene switched and all I could see was me. Through her eyes, I also was covered in blood. I looked like a crazed killer.
Luken was still in control. He hunched over her badly beaten body, stiff and unmoved. He pushed me deeper into myself. As before, I could sense the God Child. And a numbness filled me. The high pitched ringing, I’d heard before with Rose. In an instant the calamity that was taking place, was now frozen in time. I panned the room. Rose was on the ground, curled up. I saw the blood, frozen, spilling from her arms, as she tried to protect herself.
“Do you need anything explained?” I turned to see his childlike features, looking up at me. The colors of his eyes changing. I nodded.
Yes, I would like this explained.
And he slipped his small hand into mine. This had become a practice I’d come to expect.
He gestured to the scene of chaos and blood. Rose’s helpless body.
“Luken will always try to control you. He’s learned of the relationship between you and the girl, Rose. He doesn’t understand totally. But he will in time.”
“I don’t see…a relationship,” I told him.
“I’ll explain,” the both of us, contemplating Rose in frozen agony. “It’s obvious that she reacts to you. You know this now, right?”
“Yes, just now when Luken attacked her. What does it mean?” There was a pang of distress that swiftly touched me. Quickly dissolving.
He turned to face me. Pulling me, so that I could look him in the eye.
“You’ve never had to experience death, or life, not like a mortal does. You’ve never had the experience of waking up everyday, to give thanks for just that. To inhale the breath of life. You were born this way. Created,” he explained to me. “Although you are not the living. You have been deprived. You didn’t have to suffer the way Poppy had too. The way her mother has to.”
Ashamed, I looked away from his gaze.
“You know then?” I asked.
“I do. I also know, what you’ve been doing. And I know, that it wasn’t under your power that Poppy was taken.”
I was starting to feel as if I were the child. “I’ve taken from this family…their child, an innocent. Am I going to be punished?” I asked. The child smiled at me and put his hand on my shoulder.
“For what you’ve done. You will repay me,” he replied.
“Repay?”
He nodded.
“As for Rose, she and her family will be your responsibility. Poppy no longer has a soul. She can no longer be aloud into heaven. You stole that, even though you were under Luken’s power. I must to hold you accountable.”
I understood.
“What about Rose. There is something I can’t explain. What is happening with us? Why are we bonded in this way?”
He sighed. He explained it already. I just needed to hear it again.
“She is your human side, Perish.”
The words were plain and quick.
“I still don’t understand.”
“You do understand, your denying it. You already understand the obvious. If she is hurt, you will be hurt. If you are hurt, she will be hurt. You’ve had a brief encounter in this lesson, already. Although, it gets more complicated. In the sense that, if she dies, you will die. She will be your soul,” he said, squeezing my hand, he wanted me to look at him.
I shook my head. Not because I didn’t understand, because in a way, I was refusing what he was telling me. I didn’t want this. How was this a solution, to what I was already going to have to face with the Society. What I already had to make up to them? I was stunned. She was my soul?
“Is this a game to you?” I blurted out. Did I have no fear, no respect for even the Most High?
“Its okay Perish. I understand that you don’t entirely know what I have in store. But know this. You are part of it and so is Rose.”
My body fell over, like a dead heap to the ground. The God Child was gone. Bloodied and battered. There was no energy coming from Luken, he was gone too, for now. I could still hear the faint pounding vibrating from the door. I was returning to myself. Sebastian and Poppy were still on the other side of the door, calling to me. While Ivy was trying her best to get Rose’s attention. Rose was fine, sitting up while she watched me. I swayed back and forth, trying to rid the dizziness. She ignored Ivy, instead, she dragged herself to me. The smell of blood was overwhelmingly, tempting. I still hadn’t fed. I hadn’t for a few days. That was the reason I had no control over Luken. He took advantage.
Rose was still bleeding from her wounds. For being so thirsty, I held back the urge, knowing if I did attack her, it would mean the end for us. Her yes held concern for me. I wished she didn’t.
Are you okay? She asked.
After everything that had happened, the fear she felt for me in the hall that night. It wasn’t what she was feeling now.
“I tried to kill you,” I wheezed. Unable to look her in the eye.
It wasn’t you.
“How do you know? And why are you so forgiving?” It was too easy.
Awkwardly, she sat upright. Her face twisted in pain, and her hand shot to were it hurt the most. She wasn’t doing well. I’d forgotten she was the one who suffered. Her pain transferred to me too, a tingling sensation in my arm and ribs. More a discomfort for me than to her.
“We have to get you help!” I told her.
She shook her head, refusing. She wasn’t concerned with herself. The banging on the door subsided. Now that they didn’t hear me trying to kill Rose anymore. I went to open it. It swung open, violently. Before I could open it completely. Poppy and Ivy pushed passed me and raced toward Rose. Her energy was fading. It felt like being pulled in and out of a fog. One minute clear, the next I couldn’t tell were I was.
Another ‘black out’ wouldn’t be good at this time. Sebastian was last to enter. Evie, heard the commotion and was there too. But no one else came. There was only us. With all the noise and destructive sounds. And no one came to watch or aide us. Just like the year that I was gone. When no one came for me than either. Than again, Sebastian was watching all along. Maybe this was still the case.
He walked in, passing me without any recognition or reprimand. Placing his hand on Ivy’s shoulder. She moved aside. Rose was passed out on the ground, unable to bare the pain. Gently, Sebastian picked her and carried her to the bed.
“She’ll be fine,” he whispered to Ivy, smiling at her. “She’s lost a lot of blood.”
That was meant for me. He glanced at me then. Poppy covered her with blankets. I watched and stayed away, my tail between my legs. I had her blood on my hands. Who was next? Ivy? Poppy? Sebastian? I’ve come pretty close to hurting Evie.
Ivy was angrily starring at me. Quickly, her thoughts were manifested into action. A sting from the queen bee. She slapped me. Karma. It should have injured her in someway, when the palm of her hand met my cheek. But she was too angry to notice. It would catch up to her later.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” She fumed. “Why aren’t you the one that’s hurt or dead?” Turning away, returned to Rose.
Evie appeared with wet cloths and a basin of warm water. Annette followed behind. She placed the water next to the bed, allowing Annette to take over. Not an ounce of sympathy from Evie. She didn’t seem disappointed in what happened. She was oddly satisfied.
“She’s weak,” She whispered to me, she left the room. “I’ll always be here when you come to your senses.” I starred into the dark hall after her. Nose in the air and a bounce in her step. Her footsteps fading, until she came to her own room. Clearing my thoughts. Wondering, if I could’ve controlled Luken better.
Rose and I had a strong connection, when we were close enough to touch. We could hear each others thoughts, feel each others pain. And suffer each others physical wounds. At first it seemed to happen when we were close. Then within minutes. Seconds. The connection was stronger and more personal.
I could feel that her pain was great. Greater then what I suffered. While I was standing here and she lay there. Not touching. Not even close enough to get a clear look at her.
Was this what the God Child was speaking of? My only connection to the human spirit, body and mind? My…soul?
Her body was like the sun. Hot with fever. The combination of stress, cold halls and open wounds. A reaction that I knew, when I took Poppy. But Rose was a fighter, and refused to be defeated by wounds and fatigue. She wanted to reassure her family, tell them not to worry, that she was fine. Rose effortlessly smiled at her sister and her soulless little niece.
I heard Sebastian coming toward me.
“You’ll have to stay with her,” he said. “Not as a favor but as an order.”
His breed was always in tune with the God Child. I’d forgetting, that he was, what he was. Perhaps, he had instructions too. Maybe I was wrong by not telling him what was really going on with me. Instead, he had to find out this way. I should have told him everything. Including what I thought about Benjamin. Easily, I could have probed his thoughts. But I respected his privacy. I really didn’t want to know.
I Acknowledged his request. Nodding, to lessen the need to speak.
“Ivy needs to rest and Poppy still hasn’t fed. I’ll see what I can do about that. I’ll watch after them tonight. As for you, feed on what Poppy hasn’t taken. Keep watch of Rose. It’s almost Dawn. We will need to be ready to explain to Benjamin, this afternoon.”
His demeanor demanded respect, without being insensitive to what we all went through.
I heard what he said. I was surprised, WE.
Did I judge too quickly? Did I not have enough faith in my only friend? The only one that I trusted for so long? All of these questions wanted to come forth. I stood in the door, contemplating if I should explain it all.
Let it out. I don’t have to be alone in this, I told myself.
But, Sebastian sensed my mood. Saw, the eagerness in my expression. He waved his hand in front of me, shaking his head.
“Don’t,” he said. “You have your reasons.” And he walked away, back toward Ivy and Poppy. Trying to persuaded them to leave Rose with me, and follow him.
“We can’t leave Rose with that maniac!” Ivy whispered to Sebastian.
“He can’t do anything. He has very little strength. Besides, I trust him. I know he won’t.” Sebastian reassured her, as he took her hand in his. The always charming Sebastian. Ivy went along with it. No more arguing.
The three of them were heading toward me. Sebastian had a cup, slightly tucked at his side. The blood Poppy refused. She was still at Rose’s bedside. She climbed up and kissed her cheek.
“You’ll be okay, Auntie.” She whispered. Her voice was a twinkle. 
Annette gently shooed her away, softly reassuring her. 
Poppy stopped in front of me. There was a resemblance to the God Child and how he would look up at me with pity filled eyes. Innocent.
“She’ll be fine Perish. Don’t be afraid. I know you’ll take care of her.”
I had to take care of her. She was me and I was her. So to speak. It was like having a depiction of good and evil painted directly in my existence. And where did I stand? In the middle of insanity and sanity. Where was my reality? If it wasn’t confusing, than it was twice as unreal to me, as it must be to the humans, who didn’t believe in the Breeds. Now, I was starting to get a glimpse of how hard this was going to be. To relate to them, for whatever reason the God Child had.
*~*~*
Chapter 13-Benjamin Has A Plan
“The mortals are looking for a ‘cure’. Their Government, is in a bind. Now they are looking to us. The Society has been waiting eons, for this to come about,” Benjamin was pacing, back and forth in his chambers.
There was an unknown voice, that came from the shadows.
“What is the Societies plan?” It echoed.
“It’s going to depend on what has developed, with Perish. He’s crossed the lines of humanity and Breed. Changing, a human child. The Human Government, won’t accept this. It’ll be an eye for an eye. And this will be the match to ignite the timbers of the prophecy,” Benjamin explained to the shadow.
“I see. Perish has been the pawn,” the voice said. “Did you know of this?” He was curious to know.
“It was foretold, by Oracle. And it’s been written, since the beginning. Oracle, only gave the Society, the map and time line. It was inevitable, that Perish would have a flaw that would ignite the fuse.”
“Flaw?”
“Mmhmm. It’s driving him insane. I’m not quit sure what it is. But there’s something, that’s causing him to blackout and loose control. It’s perfect, really.” Benjamin chuckled.
“How will you get him? Get him to do, what he needs to do, to move it along? Gain his trust?”
“Gain his trust? He doesn’t know who to trust. He’ll end up with no one to turn too, except for me.”
“You have that much faith?”
“I know Perish very well. His bloodline is too precious. If he finds out, what he really is made of. What he truly is, he won’t help. It won’t matter. We have to make him contradict himself. Mold him to turn on mortals, completely. He’s more powerful then we’ve expected, when the doctors told us of his survival. When they told us that he had no memory from the transfusions, it was even better. We can form him and bring the true Perish to the surface.”
Benjamin was beaming with every word he said.
“Benjamin, it seems you have everything under control. So I think, when we see Perish and when he is given the chance to explain himself. The society will see, first hand what he’s really meant to represent. As far as the Halflings, that were bought and paid for, what are your plans for them?” The shadow remained seated, sighing. “It will be hard to argue that what Perish did, is any different then what has come of the birthing of ‘Royal Children’, to privileged families. But I’m sure you will have some say in that.”
“It is different. Isn’t it?” Benjamin began to question his motives. His wheels turning to come up with an excuse. Convincing himself, that he was not, like Perish.
“In a sense. It isn’t. Its one in the same. But don’t lose sight of the plan and what Oracle has said. Perish must be the example. And that is how the Society leaders will see it. We need to have the war. It must begin. The mortals have lay dormant and so have the Breeds. It has already begun, with the humans asking for help.”
Benjamin stood in the light of the fire. His eyes, white with the fire flickering in them. He heard what the shadow said. But his thoughts were scattered, since Perish returned. He hasn’t had a clear thought from him either.
Was it that it may be the child, Poppy? Since they came, to join them at Freedom?
Perhaps. But it was still unclear. Benjamin would have to find the cause for this, fog.
*~*~*
Chapter 14-Kyoto Is Oracle
Since I was a child, I have been able to see the things that ailed the human race. Their reasons, for life. See the paths, that they were supposed to take. Their dreams at night and their dreams in the day. Whispers in other tongues, and knowledge of other worlds.
I was born to a Japanese mother and Native American Father. And it was early in my life, that I began to understand, that humans were cruel to each other. Especially, if they were different. I had two strikes against me. I wasn’t full blooded, of either race. And to top it off, I had a gift.
I recall a day, as I sat in my grade school classroom. I fell asleep. Or at least, I thought I was asleep. My classmates faces, their lives, flashed before my eyes. Next thing I knew, my best friend, Kazumi, was shaking me awake. But I wasn’t completely out of my trance, and started to scribble pictures and names, in Japanese characters. My teacher, grabbed me by the shoulders, shaking me harder. I must have said something momentous, because she dropped me back into my seat and started to cry. I remember the crying.
However long I was in that trance, I woke up with my mothers beautiful eyes, starring at me. I asked her what happened. She only explained that I was special and would no longer have to go to school. She would hire a private tutor. Than, my father, was never seen again, after that. Another strike against me.
An illegitimate child.
Mother said, he returned to America and would return when he is situated. To me, it sounded like a story from long ago. But it wasn’t, that long ago. I’m twenty-two now.
On my twentieth birthday, I was approached by a man, that wasn’t from this world. I knew who he was. I’d seen him many times in my dreams and waited for the day that he would come to me. His name was Benjamin. He told me, that I was the Oracle. That I was the only one, that had the clearest view of the things to come.
“Where are you from?” I asked.
His eyes so white, that I was sure he could see beyond me, through me.
“The United States, is my home for now. San Francisco to be exact.”
“I saw the city. But…I see that there is more…what is, ‘The Society’?” I asked.
Surprise swept across his face. He didn’t expect me to know anymore then the future.
“So, You are, much more than I expected. What do you see?”
“I see, that there are very powerful people. No. I see beings.”
I saw their faces. All the myths and supernatural beings together, in one place. A frightening vision. They were the superpowers, behind many businesses and government. Then I saw the ‘children’. And the mothers and fathers, of these children. Very wealthy and prominent. On the outside, they were mortal, but I could feel that they were something else. They were supernatural. Hybrids. More than Vampire, more than Werewolf, more than Immortal.
“Why?” I whispered. Confused, not understanding the reason for the creation of these children.
“Don’t you see it?” He asked me. Getting closer, as if he could hear what I could see.
“I see. But…why?”
This was when I remember, Benjamin demanding that I search for the key, to the war on mortals. His heart was a one way road, darkness at the end of it.
For many months since then, I saw bit’s and pieces of what, ‘the key’, was. Whenever I got a vision, I was instructed to tell Benjamin. Why didn’t I try and resist him? If I did, I knew what he would do. I knew what he could do.
Everyday, I saw many things, told him many things. Where to find the key, that would bring forth the one who would begin the war. The blood of the King.
Benjamin created the ‘chosen one’. And when he set out to do so, the future began to rearrange itself. Beginning with simple thought. The cosmos was moving to catch up, with what was going to happen. Of course it was also up to the chosen one. The erabareshi mono. If he decided to do so. It was more likely to change the path of time. But he wasn’t a mortal. He wasn’t completely a Vampire either.
When I finally saw his face clearly. When I heard his name whispered to me through the present, the past and future. I fell in love with him. Perish. I knew everything about him, except what he really was. That part was blocked from me.
I followed him in his life. Rode on fate and time with him. And promised myself, that I would help him. But he would have to come to me.
We were alike in many ways. Imprisoned, by the ones we thought we could trust. I held fast to my dream of Perish coming to rescue me, from my mother. She had used me, to gain money for herself. And quickly, Benjamin used her as well. Mother fell in love with him. But she did not know what I knew. A black heart, incapable of love. Manipulating her, to get to me. It worked. She cared nothing for me anymore. Just for Benjamin. He promised her a ‘long life’ and a place at his side, when the war of breeds and mortals, was over. She believed him. So now, I am the prisoner and watched over by both, my mother and Benjamin.
Perish would come for me. And then, I would confess to him. Tell him how much I love him.
Perish would choose his path. At this moment, it seemed he had. His insanity, led him to turn a child. Benjamin, was pleased to know this. He allowed it to happen. He didn’t rebuke Perish or have him fetched, from the city right away. Benjamin had intentions. Perish was walking right into Benjamin’s path.
I saw a mute girl in all of this.
Why hadn’t I seen her before? Denying, that Perish had anything to do with her. But I had seen her before. I mistook his intrusion in her dream, to be nothing more than curiosity. But there she was, in his thoughts, since the day he took Poppy home. He and the mute, had become closer than anything I could imagine. They were one. And she had unknowingly, become my rival. And a force, that would be hard for Benjamin, to break through.
What I was feeling, was jealousy. As an Oracle I had to ignore these feelings. They interfered, with the accurateness of my visions. The problem was, I hadn’t met him and he hadn’t discovered me, yet. But when he does, I knew he would come here, to Japan and ask for my help. It would be hard for him to leave her alone in both senses. He was attracted to her, more than he would admit. More than he would allow, and kept what he was feeling, at a great distance. But I would fight for him. I only needed to be patient. We were meant to be together. I’d already seen it.
*~*~*
Chapter 15-What Just Happened?
~Rose~
I lay in the bed, sore. I could manage small movements, but the dry blood was pulling at my skin. Sleep was what I needed. It was hard, the images of that night were playing in my head. Perish attacking me. He was possessed. He had to be. He wasn’t anything that I remembered.
Maybe, everything he said to me was, only a dream. Maybe it wasn’t him, like I thought it was. I tried to reason with myself. Rationalize his actions.
Remembering a conversation, that Ivy and I had about destiny and synchronicity.
What is it? I scribbled on a lined piece of paper. When I was done, she read it to herself and answered out loud.
“I learned, that it’s a sort of coincidence that happens,” she said. “Haven’t you ever had a time when you were thinking of Tabby and then she calls? It’s something like that.”
I nodded, then wrote, I’ve had that happen. So could it be a sort of, sign?
“Yep. I could be. But don’t depend on it, too much. It’s kind of hard to keep it within reality.”
But what if it happens, more then once? I scribbled.
“More then once?”
Yeah. I wrote down the dreams. I wanted her to know. When Perish and I would meet. Explaining, how it seemed to continue as if we were old friends.
“I see,” she said. “It’s weird, yes, but I don’t really know. If it means something to you, than I wouldn’t let anyone tell you any different.” Ivy said.
What do you mean?
“It’s just a dream. Maybe you were thinking of it a lot. You can end up dreaming about it.”
I nodded. Maybe she was right. Maybe it is just a dream. Then I remembered one thing that stood out the most to me and scribbled it down, passing the notebook to her.
“I could smell him,” read Ivy, out loud. “Smell him?”
I nodded, and snatched the paper out of her hand. My heart was beating so fast. I wanted her to tell me, that I wasn’t crazy, for wanting these dreams to be so real.
I wrote the words as fast as I could. He smelled like lavender. I swear I smelled it.
She looked at the piece of paper, than at me. Inhaling deeply.
“Rose,” She whispered, embracing me and pulling me close. “I’m so sorry, that its come to this.”
What was she talking about? Gently, I pushed away from her, shaking my head. She misunderstood.
“Your trying to find somewhere to belong and someone to love. Its just that…it’s a dream and you’ve gotten infatuated with it.”
Ivy didn’t believe me, then. I wonder what she thought now? She held in what she was really thinking. And seemed to feel a lot better, than I thought she would, in this situation. Considering Poppy’s condition. Sebastian was a God sent. Ivy seemed to listen to him.
Starring up at the wispy bed curtains, the breeze crept in from under the door. Gently flowing through the room. I was wondering who might be here with me. Annette or Evie? I Managed, to turn my body to the side. Wincing with the pain. The fireplace was lit and crackling. The room was dim, as always. To the side of it, was the chair Ivy sat in, when we were brought here.
There wasn’t anyone here. The room seemed to be empty. My eyes began to focus on the fire. Relieved, that I might have some time to myself. My mind began to wander and Perish’s face flashed behind closed eyes.
“Don’t,” A voice that seemed to come from the chair.
I didn’t know anyone was here. I thought I was alone.
My heart started to beat through my chest, recognizing his voice immediately. Did he see what just flashed? Embarrassed, I acted as if I didn’t hear him. And focused on something against the wall.
“You should get some more sleep,” He said aloud. I felt he was only here, as a form of punishment.
You can leave, I told him. I didn’t want to be anyone’s burden. Especially, him.
“No, I can’t. There’s no one else to watch you. And I owe you that much.”
Owe me?
“Let me do what I’m supposed to do,” He said. He still hadn’t shown himself.
There were so many questions, I wanted to ask him. Why he wasn’t the same person, that I remembered, in my dream? Why we had such a strange connection to one another? Remembering the attack. He was injured like I was. Only, he healed up faster, then I did.
“Please don’t ask me,” he spoke up, before I got the guts to ask. “I…will explain…I promise.” 
I believed him. Perish, had his own ghosts, to deal with. I knew that. It was the most obvious thing about him. I turned over to face the wall instead. Soreness and dried blood against my skin, made it uncomfortable. Inhaling, and welcomed the sleep. Then I began to silently pray, that God would help me and my family get through this. To guide me, show me and give me the strength, for whatever it was I needed to do. I said the Lord’s prayer and began to feel a lot better.
“Why’d you do that?” Perish asked me. Soft lavender, began to move around the room. It was getting stronger.
Do what?
“That. Talking to God?” He said. More clear and straight forward. “Do you know him? Because you talk to him like you do.”
He captured my attention. Through the discomfort, I managed to shift back around. Instead of the fireplace, I found myself starring at the silhouette of his tall frame. I couldn’t see his expression or his smooth white skin, as he sat on the side of the bed. The light from the fire caused a backlit effect.
Know him? Know God? It shouldn’t have been this easy, to be in the same room with him. To speak to him calmly. Pretending nothing happened.
He was waiting for me to answer. I thought about, how strange it would seem to someone if they walked in and only saw us starring at each other. No words passing between us.
“What does he look like to you?” He asked. Pushy and inquisitive.
I’ve never seen him. I meanm I’ve only seen how others depicted him. Long hair, a man in his thirty’s. Always smiling. I’ve seen him hanging on a cross, once or twice.
He slumped over a little. His expression unclear. I’m sure, I’d disappointed him, it wasn’t the answer he was hoping for.
“A man?” Perish said softly. “In his thirty’s? Is that how mortals see him?”
What do you mean?
“Mortals, don’t see him as a child figure?”
I shook my head, I’ve never seen him, personally.
Perish was contemplating what I’d said. Becoming frustrated, there was a rush of bottled up energy that passed through him. Like earlier, before he attacked. I tried changing the subject. Ask him what I wanted to know.
Perish? Did I do something…that made you angry with me? I asked.
I could tell he was looking at me, his face still guarded by shadows. The light, reflecting in his black eyes. I could feel his weariness and hunger growing, with every minute, that he was next to me.
“You’ve never done anything to make me angry. I’m frustrated. With the way things are going…at the moment. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do. What He, wants me to do. To be perfectly honest, I don’t know why you had that dream about me. I don’t know why we, both succumb to the pains and wounds of one another. But I can’t take care of you. I can’t keep you alive when I can easily, ‘live’. I don’t understand, why you, of all the people in the world. Why the God Child has given, you to me, to understand the human soul. You are my downfall. We won’t survive. You won’t survive,” he emptied his thoughts to me, out loud. And I inhaled, every one of them.
I was to be protected by him, because he couldn’t live without me. He felt everything I felt, because God, made it that way. Of course, he has no soul to understand any of that. And through me, he was supposed to learn. I knew then, what God wanted me to do. I was to teach him, just as Perish said in the dream.
Maybe he would understand and remember.
Perish hadn’t moved. He remained slumped over, in the shadows. I felt his energy draining from him. His shadowed being, drooped lower and lower.
Do vampires sleep? I wondered.
“I’m not sleeping, just resting my eyes. But…Vampires…do…sl.”
Giving up to his hunger and fatigue. Perish sleepily, laid down on the edge of the bed.
The day caught up with everyone involved. And from what I heard from Sebastian, we would meet Benjamin, in the evening.
I struggled to right myself, so that I could get my strong arm around him. Ignoring the pain. He was much too heavy. Instead I pulled at the filthy shirt, managing to budge him. Covered in blood, he still smelled like Lavender. He helped a little. And together, we properly got him onto the bed. He stayed near the edge, with his back to me. I placed a blanket over him, making sure we, had proper space between us. If anyone did come to check on us. We wouldn’t look like we were doing something else.
I don’t need it, he thought. But thank you. And…I wouldn’t do anything. If you were worried.
I know, I told him, get some rest.
I’m sorry. I’ll do my best to watch over you and your family…Rose.
*~*~*
Chapter 16-Memory 
Exhausted. That’s the only way, I could describe it. I had no control over my shell of a body. It may have been inappropriate, but I couldn’t help it. I collapsed in her bed. It was mine first, anyway. Not feeding appropriately. Luken had everything planned, from the beginning. Pawn. Maybe Benjamin as well.
That night, if I could dream. I would have dreamt of the God Child. Dreamt about the things, that I was supposed to do. He still hadn’t told me, the full extent of the relationship between Rose and I. Only knowing the basics. Perhaps, that was all, I was supposed to know at the moment. It was hard enough to do what he was asking me. For one, I hadn’t fed and two she was a mortal. It was more or less, forced upon me. If only I could remember what she was talking about.
In the end, I lay in the bed next to her. Her back to mine. Obligation. The prayer she said was strange to me. It stayed in my head. Why hadn’t she seen the God that I had? What would happen if I prayed?
For a quick instant, I wanted to turn over and wake her up. How much more did she know about God? Did she only pray to him? I wanted to know. How come he came to me, that way? Was I Weak?
My empty belly grumbled, and I knew that if I didn’t feed soon, I would end up turning on Rose again. I would rest for another hour and wake up, before it was noon. Go to Sebastian. Maybe he would know how to help.
I thought of Benjamin. How he hadn’t made an appearance, since my return. I was sure he knew of the attack. If I was correct, it would have been part of his plan. He apparently didn’t know about the connection that Rose and I had. If he had, we would be in a different situation. He would be after her.
I took in Roses scent, breathing in. Time. Even for the short few hours since being back. And with new responsibilities. The concept of time, meant something different.
I couldn’t move against it, like I used to. Now moving by the minute, by the second, by the hour. It was troublesome to deal with. Another reason, why the breeds never made acquaintance with mortals. When time passed for them, it was seconds for us. Amazing.
The more I thought of it. It was exactly what, God Child, was doing. Watching, as we all played life or death. Some of us leaning, more toward death.
What Benjamin does, with the half breed children. Their lives extended, forced to watch their mothers and fathers grow old and die.
I sat up.
Rose would die. She wouldn’t live forever. She was only mortal. How old did she say she was? I would have to ask. God knew! Knew, that Rose wouldn’t live forever. Which meant, I didn’t have much time. To do what? Does natural death…count?
It didn’t matter about getting rest anymore. My mind was racing.
I starred at her, watched her sleep. The blankets, rising as she breathed. Breaths of life.
To be alive. What was it like?
Against my better judgment, I moved closer to her. Her heart beat was like the others. Rhythmic. She smelled of intoxicating cinnamon.
Closer. I wanted to feel her warmth. Tempting the thirst. Luken was quiet for the moment. I was taking more risks. I Reached out to her sleeping body, my hand, just above her. Body heat, rising with every breath. Without touching. I mimicked the rise and fall. Would I dare to touch her?
She shifted herself and quickly I moved back to my position. As if she heard what I was thinking. What had I attempted to do? I should keep my distance.
Distracted. I could rest no longer. Pulling my knees, to my chest. Something nagged at me. Wanting me to revisit my time in the box. I suppose I would have to remember at some point. Why not now? For the rest of the evening my thoughts were periodically fading in and out of the past. So many questions. Curled up, with no one in that box. Now I had her.
Rose flipped through my thoughts, as I starred at her, deep in her sleep. Trying not to invade her dreams. Focused, on what was trying to surface, that I’d pushed so far back. Pictures of past events. Poppy and Ivy. Flipping. They shifted farther back into the past. To the Laboratory. The doctor, to Elizabeth. My only ‘mother’. I allowed it all to unfold. Allowing all of it to ooze, through now. Maybe there was a answer that would show up behind these insane pictures.
I wasn’t disappointed when I saw a chain, partnered with a key. Blood red waves, surrounding it and a girl. Vivid images, except for a face. Somehow, I knew who it was. I’ve had this vision before. Eventually, the image became focused and I saw the smile. Photo, in a photo. Yellowing and brittle. Newspaper.
Flip.
Smile.
Flip.
Eyes.
Forming the entire picture. Rose, with the hesitant smile and I remembered. Pausing, in between visions. I looked back at her. I wanted to watch her while she slept. Study her. Realizing. She didn’t have the same smile anymore. As a matter of fact, I hadn’t seen her smile a genuine smile, at all. 
Why would she? She didn’t have a reason too.
Where had I seen that picture, the clipping? I remember, that I was in possession of it.
Then were did I put it?
“In a book,” I said aloud, jumping off the bed and toward the Shadow room. It could be the only place, I would have put it.
The light was always sufficient enough. Standing in the middle of the room, I tried recall the images. Cautiously, my mind, drawing a blank. But I had to find it. Putting the remaining energy I had into remembering the titles, by concentrated on the spines of the books. Looking, for anything familiar. Bleached white skulls, staring down at me with their death grins.
“Find it,” I said to myself.
Forcing myself, to get a closer look. Whispering the titles to myself. None of them were familiar. A small memory, fueled this obsession.
“What books, did I bring with me?”
All the books that were in my library, were classic adult. I’d read all of them.
‘Alice through the looking glass’ and another. I remembered.
With all my speed, I went to end of the shelves. Placing my fingers against the soft leather. Benjamin always made sure, I had the best books that the world could offer. I stopped, at one book in particular.
Alice, I’ve found you. I found what I was looking for.
Remembering more clearly, the day that I came here. The night before. When Elizabeth came to me. I packed my things in the back pack. I pulled it out from among its mates and flipped the pages, against my thumb. Thin pages with millions of words, that I looked to, for solace a long time ago. There had always been a pull to this book. Even the smell of the pages, were perfume to me. So familiar.
Flittering from the book, was the yellowing newsprint. Sentences, beginning and ending, were the clipping was torn. I picked it up, without flipping it over. I already knew what was printed on the other side. A small family and the obituary of their father. The three women. Matriarch, innocence and heart. All three from the start. Fighting to stay afloat, in humanity. Turning it over I saw them. Confirmation of a long lost memory. Poppy was much younger in this photo. And Ivy looked like the figure of composure. Rose, just as I remembered, with a shy, gracefulness.
It was starting to come back to me. Almost too fast for me, to grasp. Rose was right all along. The dream. I was there again. The yellow-orange of the setting sun. Her yellow dress that the breeze tossed around her legs. I remember that she was uncomfortable in it, but thought it was nice. She’s pretty. Her silhouette, could be seen through her dress. She had an hourglass figure. I was embarrassed, I had to look away. She didn’t noticing me, watching her in the crowd. She never said a word. Just listened. Maybe, I already knew that she couldn’t speak. And maybe, I liked that about her. Yes, that would explain why, I went to her, in the only way I thought, would get her attention. Then somehow, it wasn’t important to me anymore. Until this evening. Her help, was what I seeked, her guidance. Only, we discovered it, in the worst way possible. I still needed her. I hated to admit it.
Speaking telepathically came natural. Already, I knew that this was how she could talk with me. Her small whisper of a voice, that has never heard itself before. So refreshing.
Strange, that I felt this way.
It all came back. I knew her, even before the dream. We were, always in sync. Since, before the clipping. I wondered if she felt the same.
Retrieving the bible that I’d brought along with Alice. Tucking it under my arm. Upon leaving, I came to the Austen collection. Pride and Prejudice, particularly catching my attention. I thought she would like it. A gift. Perhaps?
On second thought. It would be too personal.
How did she feel about this predicament? That we would have to stand to be around each other, without knowing each other? And forcibly? How would she stand it? How would I? Standing over her, with books in hand. The clipping in between my fingers, comparing it to the real thing. Tempted to wake her, tell her that I did remember. Show her what I’d found. I began to feel this powerful feeling to feed.
Cinnamon was drifting around the room. Rose was much too powerful, to resist now. Quickly I left he room, closing the door behind me. Her thoughts were quiet now. Dreaming tonight. She was sleeping soundly. Nothing of harm would come to her, or me inside Freedom.
The halls were always abandoned here. Breeds, kept to themselves. Normally busier during the societies conventions. There weren’t many of us anyway. Passing each other, like ghosts. Aware of each others existence, never taking the time, to speak or make acquaintance. Vampires, didn’t need allies. Sebastian and I were always drawn to each other. It made us different from the others. I believe its because, we had our own rejections in life.
He was born, ‘forbidden’, immortal. Of human and Nephilim. Since the beginning of time, there was a point, when they descended to the earth and found the mortals beautiful. Mating with them, baring children. It was forbidden. It’s not common, though it’s not uncommon, either. Sebastian, is a bastard child. His father is unknown.
The law of the breeds, says permission is needed to bare children. Rarely, is the wish granted. And so Sebastian is the outcome. He’s twenty six, in immortal years. Ageing similarly, to dogs or cats. Seven years, equaling a year. He’s one hundred and eighty two. He’s lived very long and has seen very much. But truly, he’s still considered ‘young blood’, to the Society. Old enough to mate. Not old enough to be respected.
Vampires are different, when it comes to age. I appear and feel my age. Twenty-seven. Twenty-five, when I ran away. Twenty-seven, since I came back, two years. It wasn’t that way to me. It was as I said before, time doesn’t matter. We move in seconds. Which makes time pointless. I should be one hundred and thirty five years old.
*~*~*
Chapter 17-I Love You
Dear Friend,
I am glad, that you have decided to help me. My gratitude to you. Understand, I will one day explain. And in time, it will be obvious, as to what this package is for. I hope that you will keep, faith and keep wondering, what is truly in this world. Until then, I hope that I can count on you, for one more favor. This will be the last of them. As I have been writing you, I have also been writing to someone else.
She is quite special to me. To this day I haven’t been strong enough. No, brave enough, to tell her how I truly feel about her. She was my, ‘soul’ and I will never see her again, until it is her time. Please, take these letters, I have written. I want you to take five now and the others, I will let you know. She will know what to do.
Thank you my friend,
P.F.
*~*~*
~Oracle~
She was wounded. The girl. By Perish himself and the ghost inside him. There was a little bit of gratification, with the pain that he inflicted on her. It was as if, I had some hope of him rejecting her. If he had feelings, he wouldn’t have hurt her. Inhaling, I felt relieved. Was it wrong, not to feel sorry for her and her family? I didn’t care about them. I was in love with Perish and somehow I needed him to understand that I existed. That I, could give him what he sought. The answer to his origins, his true nature, his true self. I could tell him that and when I did, he would love me.
The vision I had of the two, sleeping in the same bed, made me angry. I sulked, while the vision dissolved in a fog. The two of them would be a formidable wall. It bothered me, that she was destroyed by her own body. But everything seemed to fall in place for her. Everything that I wanted, was there at, her feet. Right next to her.
Tears escaped my eyes and I began to sob, in the dark. What good was it, that I could see what was to come and what has already been? I couldn’t control anyone. On the other side of the earth, all I could do was have the visions. How was I supposed to bring him to me. Or better yet, leave this place of sadness and go to him.
The dream that Rose spoke of. He was beginning to understand. Was this how I would have to get his attention? I would have to work fast. A time of chaos was coming and he would have no one to protect, but the two of them.
Perish had visions, as well as I did. Similar and different. Benjamin explained little, about what Perish was capable of. Apparently, he hasn’t reached his full potential. Maybe I could use this to my advantage.
I began to stir up the possibilities. Concentrating on my vision, of the two in the bed. I entered his thoughts, as he made his way through the halls of the castle Freedom. He was looking for relief to the flame of thirst. Fatigued and vulnerable. I would have to move quickly. Grappling with his thoughts. Before he could knock on the door. Scrambled, murky pictures. There was so much that bothered him. Many things that he was searching for. He was confused and he was dead.
No soul, not a drop of his own blood, running through his veins. What was he, really? An enigma. Even to his kind.
While he was still weak, I chose to speak to him now, “I know what you are,” I whispered.
He froze and as usual, his eyes glazing over. I pulled him into my world. Deeper than telepathy. Allowing myself to become visible to him.
“Who are you?” He asked me. Grumbling the words. He was tired and barely had enough strength, to go through with what I was expecting of him.
“The Oracle,” I answered, matter of factley.
“Oracle? Am I supposed to know you?”
He was annoyed, that it seemed to easy for anyone to get into his head.
“Benjamin hasn’t told you of me yet. Don’t worry, time is slipping quickly. It was essential, that I come to you myself.”
“Why hasn’t he told me of you?”
“It wasn’t time.”
“What does an Oracle have to do with me?” There was doubt in his voice.
For a moment, I wanted to tell him everything. Let him know, that this wasn’t Benjamin’s idea, but my own. But in truth, there was a bigger issue. If allowing Benjamin’s plan get a little compromised to benefit me, I was going to take the chance. Besides, I hadn’t foreseen any distractions or roadblocks if I interfered.
“I can see the future. And I an see what you are,” it was a vague answer.
“So?” He said, rushing the conversation.
He was more cautious than I expected. Of course he would be. While prying his thoughts, there was a shadow that seemed to reside in him. The feeling was strange. Confusing. The shadow was Perish, and then again, it wasn’t. It had no face, and carried a foreboding presence with it. It followed me around, watching me as I explored Perish’s thoughts.
“Perish, I know that your apprehensive. That there is a shadow that watches your every move. I’m not here to interfere. I’m here to tell you, I want to help you.”
“Help me?” His interest was fading. My words weren’t capturing him. I would have to dangle the carrot a little closer to his nose.
“I need to tell you, what you are. But I cannot always enter your thoughts to explain, I can only do this once.” I told him.
He was curious. But apprehensive,“ I’m assuming that you’re not near by? Can we meet?”
My plan was working, he was taking the bait. I’d gotten his attention. And now, I would have to reel him in.
“I reside in Japan.”
For a moment I thought, I’d had a small success. I’d told him nothing useful. I worked on his desperation. He wanted to know what was being hidden from him. This was what I had to manipulate.
“I see. Tell me Oracle. What is it that you are going to inform me of, that I should take a trip to speak with you? I’m not stupid. If you know the future, you know I have heavy obligations.”
“I told you. I want to tell you what you are.”
“I know what I am. Tell me now, if it’s so dire.”
“You’re a breed. Yes. But do you know, what the God Child wants you for?”
He didn’t think anyone but him knew of the God Child. Hooked. Calmly, he held onto his doubt and his compulsion to ask me a million questions.
“How do you know of the God Child?” He asked.
“It’s very much a picture in your mind. But I know, what He wants with you. When the God Child decides to tell you, it will be too late. I need to tell you myself, soon.”
“You can’t tell me now?” Perish was growing suspicious.
“My time in your visions are getting thinner. If Benjamin finds that I have contacted you, he will kill my mother and keep me as his prisoner. Even though it feels, as if I am already.”
I saw that he was thinking of the small room, with the glass divider. And I showed him the small house, that was my prison. Perish understood what it was like. We had something in common.
“You’re a prisoner in your own home, because of your ability?” He asked.
“Yes, I am Benjamin’s orchid under the glass.”
“Yes.”
“Kitekureru, Shinu-kun…to Japan?”
He contemplated the situation, listened to my words. More or less it was his own curiosity that would bring him to me. I knew that he would know, what blood he carried soon. But he still didn’t know what he was supposed to do and what he had to become to do this task. He contemplated. How he was going to get here? What would happen to Rose? Would he bring Rose? He was going to come, I already knew that.
“Yes…Watashi wa soko ni iru. But how will I find you? Onamae wa nan desu ka?
He wanted to know my name. Pleased that he understood what I said. After all Perish has the ‘bloodlines’ of the ancients of Japan. The real Shinu, was surfacing. Knowing the language came naturally, so natural, that I wasn’t quiet sure, how he’d picked up the language. I was sure he hadn’t said a word of it to anyone and that none of the Americans spoke it either. It was possibly, an ability. Learning at exponential speed, physically and mentally. I was beginning to understand, why Benjamin wanted to extract his capabilities. Not just because of the bloodlines, that ran through him.
“My name? Um…my given name is, Kyoko. Family name is Sato,” I told him.
Throwing me off a little. How rude, that I hadn’t introduced myself, the most important part. Strike one, I wasn’t making myself look good.
“Sato-san,” he repeated.
“Yes, and your Shinu…Falconridge.”
“Yes.”
His mind was translating our conversation. It was beginning to click for him. He was taking it all in, slowly. The small piece of discovery, I’d given him. Ingesting the new found ability.
“I will send a package, with information to the girls house over night,” I told him, interrupting his thought. Eager to have him here, with me.
“Nitsuite, anata wa josho shitte iru?” he asked.
His tone was defensive. Asking how I knew about Rose.
It made me upset. It took great effort not to let it show in my voice.
“Like I said, I am the Oracle. I know of your Bara, your Rose.”
His defenses retreated, “I’m sorry, its just…”
“You don’t need to apologize for a simple question. My strength to keep this conversation is weakening, I must leave you. Chikai uchi ni aeru to ii no desuga, hope to see you soon,” I told him, holding back my excitement.
“Hai…arigato, Sato-san,” he said, in the voice that I will always remember. His low thoughtful grumble.
I put my plan to work. And Shinu will be here on my territory. Truthfully, I didn’t know what the God Child had in store for him. But I did see him in Shinu’s thoughts. The child is powerful, more than I could describe or feel. My stomach twisted, when I thought of what I had done. I was starting this all wrong. Deceiving the one that I loved. But this was the only way. Perish was the only one that could save me from this life, from this place. And I had to lie to him to do it. Guilt was beginning to set in. The gift that was given to me, was being used for my own personal gain. It was wrong. Then I began to wonder, why I had to suffer as I watched the one that I love, with someone else? Why couldn’t I find love? Why couldn’t I change fate?
My mother was home now, but she wasn’t alone. She brought another man over. Even though her heart belonged to Benjamin. She waited for him, far too long. A lonely woman, even though she has me. The smell of sake and beer was wafting from them. She led the way up the stairs, stopping in front of my door. Telling the man to wait were he was as she checked on her daughter. She slid the door open.
She used to be beautiful. Her hair was shiny and long to her waist. Her eyes used to sparkle with life. Then my father left and never came back. The day Benjamin made his appearance. Her eyes lit up and life rushed back into her. Then he left too. Coming and going as he pleased.
Being alone, was too hard for her. Forgetting all about me, her own daughter. Only speaking to me, when she needed to know what the day held for her, and if Benjamin would visit soon. That is what she would do tonight, before giving herself to her guest.
Smiling and giggling, she peered into my room. She always spoke in Japanese to me. Hearing English words, brought back bad memories, for her.
“Kyoto-chan, are you asleep?” She asked, in her sweetest voice.
“No, Okaa-san,” I replied. She hated when I spoke in Japanese and mixed it with English.
When she heard me say those words, her expression went from happy to perturbed. Whether it was the alcohol, or pure hatred for me. It was clear, that she wasn’t happy with my reply. But she didn’t ask me tonight.
Okaa-san pulled the door closed and without missing a beat, she went back to enjoying her night. Both voices laughing at innuendoed jokes, the towns gossip and the days weather. All the while, sipping on more sake and beer. Inevitably, the night would be one of pleasure, for my mother. Then it would end, as always.
The walls were thin, every word could be heard. It was cold tonight and the sky was clear. Adjusting my sweater tighter around my shoulders. My mother was busy and too drunk to notice, if I went down stairs and read the latest magazines. She tried to keep me from knowing, what was really going on the world.
She thought, that it would influence my visions. But I was still a woman. I didn’t have the superhuman strength, to leave this place. And well, deep down, I couldn’t leave her alone. It would ruin her. Inside, I was the only one who could protect her.
I descended to the down stairs room, closing the door behind me. I would have at least an hour, to have some time to think alone. Instead of trapped in my room. It was hard to get away from the pleasures, of my mother and her visitor. They were so noisy. Upstairs, breathing heavy, the man grunting like some kind of animal. I didn’t need to see the future, to see how this would end. I ignored it, as best as I could.
I dropped the magazine back on the table and went outside. My father bought this house. It was in a small town, not rural, by any means, suburban, you might say. But a quiet neighborhood, none the less. It had a small yard and in the front was a small patio made of bamboo. And had two weathered chairs. My mother said, she and my father would stare at the stars and talk about the future, here.
The chairs hadn’t been used for years and were falling apart, abused by the elements. Inhaling the night air, I glanced up at the stars. I hoped Perish saw those same stars and read what they said in them. They would lead him here. I would finally tell him how I’ve watched him, and fell in love with him. Until then, I would have to plant small seeds in his thoughts. He would see only me, when he’s here, he will forget all about Rose. 
It didn’t change the fact, that I lied to him. I told him that I couldn’t hold a longer conversation with him, to explain. If I said it too fast, it wouldn’t have worked to get him here. It wouldn’t have intrigued him. But I couldn’t help but wonder, did he know that I wasn’t being honest? Why didn’t he push me, to tell him more? Maybe he felt as I do. Alone with nothing in common with this world. And now, we could have each other.
Now we both had someone, that knew what it was like to be trapped, constantly observed, like a monkey in a zoo. Expected to perform, for the satisfaction of others. In some ways, I knew why, my mother was the way she was.
Who did I pray too? God of course. I don’t know, if he hears me, when I beg for him to take me away from here. I argue with him, asking him why, am I treated this way, if I’m so special. I don’t belong here. Not meant to be here. I don’t think he hears me, begging. Selfishly, tonight, I asked him to bring Shinu-san to me. Make him love me. I can’t help it. Ignoring the visions, that tell me that it won’t be what I expect them to be. My perfect world that I wanted, won’t be as I imagine. My visions were always changing, with the choices of the world. The smallest of actions, can change the outcome. And I did, with Shinu-san.
It was a dangerous road to build. Continuing to plant small seeds, until we are together. Soon happy, I see us together, protected from the prying, clawing, greedy people of this world.
*~*~*
Chapter 18-Curiosity
It was superising, how well I knew the language. As soon as she spoke the words, they made sense. The woman who invaded my thoughts, was Japanese. Without the stereotypical looks of a Japanese girl. Odd as it may seem, she reminded me a lot of myself. Not as a breed, with my pale skin and changing eye color. Or the way a vampire breed, would normally look, for that matter. Something about her, told me she was similar to me.
My origins were never known. Besides the fact, that I was cloned from many. But who and possibly what. Even in this existence, did I have something that linked me to the past and the future? Why I had so many abilities that I haven’t tapped into? For example, picking up the language, as she spoke. As if I’d lived there, and my entire life, I only spoke Japanese. I didn’t want to show that I was impressed with this, taking it all, in stride. A new found treasure. Wondering if I could do this with every language?
Anyhow, I had to go to her. She held secrets, that I had yet to discover. And wanted desperately, to put an end to the agony of, Luken and all of the questions that constantly plagued my mind. How would I get there? Would I have to bring her, Rose? If I didn’t would she be safe? Did I need to ask her if I could go? Now that we had a strange tie, that kept us at each others side?
I decided not to tell her. When the package arrives. I would leave her here in Sebastian’s care, until I came back. I was thinking too quickly. Still not sure if I cold trust Sebastian. I would have to entrust him with Rose and her family. Or perhaps, I would have to risk another simple mortal. Possibly pulling her into this calamity too. Tabitha.
How would I manage this? Things were getting more and more complicated, within seconds. If I was to get Rose to Tabitha, how would I explain it to either of them. Poppy, was in no condition to leave the castle, Ivy wouldn’t leave without her. Rose, most certainly wouldn’t go without either of them. I wasn’t so sure I could leave Rose at all.
There wasn’t a reason that I found plausible enough, for me to go to Japan. Curiosity, was what pulled me there. I wanted to know what she had to tell me. Leaving Freedom, this time in the correct manner. Of course telling Benjamin would mean suicide, for Sato-san and her mother. I would have to leave soon, come back the following day. Without him noticing me.
The package hadn’t been sent, I was pretty sure of that. It wouldn’t be at Rose’s home, until late tomorrow. I would have to wait. The day was creeping in and I needed to feed or I was going to be useless, in front of the Society. And the others.
I knocked on Sebastian’s door, lightly. Not answering at first. I knocked again, slightly harder. Evie answered. I looked at her, surprised. Evie and Sebastian?
“Yes?” She asked, in her usual sourness.
“Your working for Sebastian now?” I asked, hoping it was true.
“Trying to get rid of me already?”
She was here, at Sebastian’s request. Sebastian appeared and opened the door wider to make room. Behind her
“What is it?” He asked. I could smell Poppy and Ivy inside. Ivy was asleep in his bed. Poppy was sitting in a small chair next to her, reading.
“I take it you haven’t any donors tonight?” I asked him, reluctant.
“There hasn’t been a Society ‘party’ for some time now. I’m having a dry spell,” he laughed at himself.
Of course there wouldn’t be. Since my departure, there has been a rift between, the Society and Breeds There was now distrust. Many donors haven’t allowed their daughters and sons to visit, as usual.
“I see,” I said. “By any chance, would you like to play chaperone to me, while I take on the city? I need to feed, I’m getting desperate.”
It was a try. Sebastian was baby sitter and it would have been impolite for me not to ask. He didn’t drink blood and it never bothered him before, when he would allow me to drink from a girl he was with that night, even as he stayed in the room.
He thought over my request, then pushed passed Evie. Giving her instructions.
“Watch Poppy and Ivy. We’ll be back, before the sun comes up.”
Relived, that he didn’t tell me off, that he didn’t laugh in my face, reject me. Perhaps, it was a chance to talk with one another and get what’s been on our minds, out into the open. It would be an opportunity to tell him of the Oracle, Sato-san and what I must do. And dare to ask another favor of him. Trust him.
Without hesitation, he threw on a light jacket and practically ran passed Evie. He grabbed hold of my arm and shoved me through the hall. We laughed, as we sprinted out the door and into the early morning. It was as if, we didn’t have any worries of what was going to happen later. For a short moment, I’d truly forgotten about Rose.
We headed down the hill on foot. As far as we could get away from Freedom. The both of us wanting to get away from the choking grasp of the castle. Unable to be ourselves inside. Obligations, expectations and the mask of power, was always taught to us. Always putting on the rouse, of perfect creatures. When really, we were nothing like that.
All breeds have their guilt. We take and never give. How can we live that way? All of us were educated to be just that, desensitized, bound by Benjamin and the laws, of the Breed and the Society.
When we came to the end of the small street. The both of us stopped. Cars drove by, their headlights flashing in our eyes.
“Were should we begin?” Asked Sebastian. It was his hunt, just as much as it was mine. I pointed to the right, toward the city, to where I lived.
Sebastian, without hesitation, raced down the street and I gladly followed.
The air was drenched, with pulsing blood and fresh air. Making my mouth water and my stomach tighten. Excitement, as we sped through the streets, unseen by mortals. Faster then the concept of time. The closer we got to the mission district and my old home, the more the feelings, of how much I missed my time with Sebastian.
Morning was coming soon. We needed to move faster. He kept his eyes out for me. Asking me, if there was a certain type that I liked. Helping with the hunt. It didn’t matter to me anymore. I’ve had my fill of different blood types. I needed to find someone who’s blood, wouldn’t cause a change. And who wasn’t willing. That’s how it was.
There was a familiar stirring in me again. I couldn’t understand a lot of it and I didn’t make it obvious. Could it be Sato-san again? The Oracle. It could be, that I was remembering myself. That since Rose joined us, she’s triggering these abilities. For now, as I searched the street with my friend, looking for my meal. I could sense the willing and the unwilling. I could smell the blood types of the humans, that could easily cross over, if I were to bleed them. It made it easier now. Whatever the cause of this awareness, I was grateful that I was spared from making another mistake. I couldn’t afford to play, Russian roulette. Someone was making sure, that it wouldn’t happen again. I was hell bent on Poppy, being the one and only victim. They knew, I wasn’t able to sense the types then, as I do now. This very instant. The light switch had been turned on.
Sebastian and I slowed our pace. Mixing amongst the early risers. The only option, for this morning, would be the commuters making their way to work. And the homeless, rummaging the garbage, for food and recyclables.
“Not much of a choice,” I heard Sebastian say.
“I’m used to it.”
I looked around, inhaling deeper than I ever had at any time when I was hunting. I was drawn to a darkened store front. A heap of blankets, blocked its entrance. Sebastian stayed behind me, but stayed close enough, to be able to warn me of others. Stalking my prey. I saw the homeless man. I began to picture, where and how, I would take him. Proceeding differently this time. I envisioned myself bleeding him. Anticipated his movements. My own movements too. This was new to me. Usually attacked, leaving them for dead.
I began calculating the beats of his heart. The pulse counts. He had high blood pressure. Refused to take medication. Veteran of the Vietnam war. On the streets, since his return home. Content to be, where he felt he belonged. Pictures of death, blood, massacre. Tears, screams and guilt.
I see. His mother, his father, his little sister. He hadn’t seen for several years. This homeless man, convincing himself, that he was forgotten. Living his days in a doorway. He wasn’t a drug addict, just alone.
Inhaling again. He would be an easy feed.
Sebastian whispered to me, standing on the curb with his back to us, “Hurry up, what’s taking you so long?”
Reminding myself of all the lessons. Just take what I need, leave the heart beating. If he struggles and screams, feed faster then break his neck. No one will care what happens to a lonely, homeless veteran. Do it now! He’s dieing for this anyway.
I pulled the blankets from over him and kneeled down beside him. The frenzy was all around me. Baring my fangs, I did the deed. Quickly sinking my teeth into him. I hadn’t realized how much I liked them, my fangs. My friends. My birth mark, my birth right.
He didn’t move, he couldn’t. He had alcohol on his breath. Passed out, long before I got here. His body odor didn’t bother me. I was too hungry to care. To busy gorging myself. Though it was a smell, that brought back memories of my time here.
It didn’t matter from where I took the blood, as long as it was blood. The artery was always easier to take from, because it flowed nicely and in abundance. Instead of sucking it out. I was almost to my capacity. Holding his arms and legs down was easy. He struggled a bit, but soon, thanks to the alcohol. He was calmed and slipped back into sleep. I fed on the sweet nectar. My body filling with energy and strength. His images, his livelihood, flipping through my head as I listened for the beats to slow. A sign to stop.
Could I really only take from one tonight? His body eased under my grip. I’d taken enough, let him go. Covering him in the rank blanket. Sebastian and I left him to sleep. Whipping away the fresh liquid, with my sleeve. I still hadn’t changed in both feeding habits and my clothing. The remnants of a busy day. I hadn’t had much time to myself, it seems. 
“Uhh, your still a slob,” Sebastian moaned. Surprised to see the amount of blood there was.
“I guess so,” I was never able to feed without making a mess.
“Is it enough?” Sebastian asked. Keeping an eye on the waking city, watching the horizon.
“I don’t think so. One more perhaps? I miss this.”
He nodded, “One more, than we have to go soon. Even with fog, its not thick enough to shield you.”
“Okay.”
We wanted to stay within the vicinity. Waiting for the next meal. It was humid and oddly, cold. I looked up to the sky, wondering, if the God Child was watching me. Or if the Oracle was observing, knowing what I’d would do next.
“What are you doing?” Sebastian asked. Always one to notice something strange about me.
“Wondering,” I answered, “and smelling the air.”
“Wondering. About what?”
I looked at my friend. The only one, I could give that title too. I’d left him alone, while I felt sorry for myself. And still, nothing was resolved between us. What was I supposed to say to him?
“I was wondering…how you could be here, with me right now.”
It was as if everything around us stopped what they were doing to hear his reply. But instead of words he threw his arms around me, embracing me. Surprised by his reaction. I was speechless. Not to mention uncomfortable.
“You’re so stupid, Perish,” His voice cracked. “Sometimes I think your lucky, to be a Vampire. Because, if you were mortal you would have been dead a long time ago.”
He started to laugh. Was he forgiving me? Obliged to do the same, I returned his sentiment. We would have done anything for one another.
“I’m sorry…brother,” I told him.
“Mmkay…that’s enough,” The sentiment had worn off. But we both understood.
“You stink and your clothes are very dirty. I hope that blood didn’t get on me.” Complaining, as we let each other go. Checking his clothes.
I watched him. He was just as I remembered, “Thank you…Sebastian.”
“For what?” Examining his clothes for stains.
“I was worried, that I’d lost you.”
He stopped his examination, giving me a strange look. Slightly tilting his head and squinting.
“Stupid. I’ll always be there for you. Of course, when you left, it broke me. Leaving me with no one, except Benjamin. Maybe a visit with a sponsor donor. I was alone too.”
I hung my head, shamed.
“I apologize, it was wrong of me.”
He waved his hand in the air. Knocking the apology away.
“Don’t worry about it anymore,” wanting to leave it behind us. “Tell me about the Rose girl. What’s the attraction?” He was being sarcastic.
That was Sebastian. Catching me off guard, his specialty.
“What! Uhh…nothing. There’s nothing between us.”
He didn’t believe me, doubting me with his eyes.
“You could never lie, either. Really, Perish. What is she to you? Besides the obvious problem we’re facing.”
Sebastian thought of us as a team. Should I have told him, what was ‘really’ between Rose and I? Though he’s held no grudge. My entire being, screamed for me not to reveal the connection between her and I too soon.
“I’ve destroyed her family. I feel I…owe her. Poppy and Ivy as well,” I tried to explain, leaving out the details.
He didn’t believe me.
“I see. So you don’t have feelings for her?” He asked me.
I hadn’t thought of it that way. Feelings?
“NO!” I became defensive. “Not at all. Purely a debt to be paid…Why?”
I didn’t know why I was disturbed by his questions. What did he want with her? I thought he was interested in Ivy?
“What would a Vampire want, with a damaged mortal woman?” I responded.
“I apologize for being too personal,” he snickered at my reactions.
“Don’t be,” relieved.
For a moment, we watched as the sun burned away at the fog. I wouldn’t be able feed again. But that was fine, I would survive. Sebastian and I needed to head back to freedom.
“We should hurry,” he said.
I nodded, realizing that I hadn’t mentioned that I would be leaving for Japan in a few days.
I turned to him, “Sebastian…?” This would be the only opportunity for me to ask him this favor.
“Mmhmm?”
“I’m leaving…again,” hearing the words out loud, sounded a lot different, than when I thought of them. It sounded like I was abandoning him again.
There was no reaction. Only silence.
“Why?”
“I have to meet a friend. But…”
“But?”
“But, not for long, only a day or two,” I continued. He had suspicions, even a little jealousy.
“Who is this friend. That’s so important? You just got back Perish. What about Poppy, Ivy and Rose? She is your ward. You know this don’t you, or have you forgotten?”
“Of course not. That’s why I need to ask a favor of you.”
Steady in our stride. He contemplated the repercussions of this favor, I was going to ask before he said yes or no.
“Tell me first. Then I’ll let you know.”
“Fair enough,” I agreed.
I proceeded to tell him of what happened earlier that morning. About the vision. Keeping it as vague as I could. But it was difficult. Trying to keep Sato-san’s name out of it. Sadly, I still couldn’t reveal everything right now. It wouldn’t be the best idea.
“Well?” I ended. “Will you watch over them, while I take this trip?”
In my explanations, Sebastian and I had sprinted to the top of Mount Davidson. Stopping at the front door of Freedom. I felt the heat against my back and needed to get inside.
I don’t remember, if I’ve mentioned this before. Sunlight never destroyed Vampires, as it was always thought to do. It was merely an inconvenience. Vampires are sensitive to the UV rays. And nowadays, it was a lot worse. It actually caused our skin to burn slightly, like sunburn. If we went out, we overdressed, layered. Wore sunglasses. The sun caused migraines. I’ve had a few. Mainly when Luken made himself known. Or after a vision. But I avoided the sunlight, just for that reason. Sometimes it was too unbearable. Thankfully, San Francisco was a foggy city, until about noon.
I didn’t want to rush Sebastian in his decision. But I needed to know, if I could leave them in capable hands. Sebastian favored Ivy, perhaps this would help in his decision?
“I will…on one condition. No…two,” he said.
“What would that be?” Smiling at him. Moving toward a shaded part of the doorway.
“When you return. Explain to me why you seek my friendship again, and still won’t trust me to tell me what is bothering you? Second. Come back. We’re depending on you. Even if you don’t know why, or how. Return,” then he walked back into the castle. Through the doors of the unicorn and dragon.
I took a long look at the city down below. Nothing has changed. The Breeds still watched from above. Not as guardians, but as predator and prey. They had no idea as to what was about to unfold. Neither did I. All I knew, was that something was coming and the mortals would have to choose to believe, or keep living in denial.
*~*~*
Chapter 19-Not The Whole Story
Dear Curious and R,
This letter is to both of you.
I’ve been reading God’s word, for a long time. Even more now. If I haven’t mentioned before, these letters are written because events have taken place. First let me warn you. Don’t become blind to what the world really is. Not the World as in, superficial. What I mean is, watch for the signs. They’ve been around, since He created them.
The stars for instance. Genesis 1:14 reads, that they are to serve as signs to mark sacred times, days and years. I take this as God telling mortals, and the ones he created, that the stars are doing what he commanded them to do. They already held the signs, that we all ask for. Holding onto them, waiting for the day, when we would grasp, what is truly, right under our noses.
So, explain why palm reading and astrology are frowned upon, if God himself said they were signs? This is a down falls to Mortals. They believe, but are much too afraid. Be wise. As I go on. Adam and Eve have been banished and have had children. Cain and Abel.
I will tell you this, because there are many tales of Cain and Lilith. ‘Vampire Tales’. Perhaps there was a Lilith. But I see, this in a different way. Cain, killed his brother, Abel, in jealousy. God asked him, what he’d done, told him that he could hear Able’s blood, calling to him, from the ground. Blood. Cain was then cursed, to wander the land and God said he would not be harmed, because he put a mark upon him. What was this mark? This, I thought about long and hard. And came up with a few answers. One, perhaps his mark was to, invoke fear, instead of receive it. I mean, maybe God changed him, in some way. His mark perhaps, being the fang, perhaps the inability, to stand the sun any longer. Leaving him to wander in the dark, instead. When bandits were known to attack. Maybe, his skin wasn’t turned darker, maybe he was turned pale, and his eyes no longer human. Maybe God punished him, with eternal death, for the rest of his life. Left to wander.
Later Cain had a son, built a city and named it after him. Enoch. There were many other children, a lineage that lived years. Older then any Immortal and Breed. Mortals, die so much sooner now, then they did then. The truth is, there were mortals on the earth. Populating as they were meant to do. And there were the Vampires. Created by God, originally, to regulate the mortals. They did not have the breath of life, that He graciously gave to mortal. They were merely flesh and bone. Allowed to feed off of the evil, that roamed the earth, since Cain was sent to wander it.
Cain was an O Negative blood type. He was royal. Easily turned. His mark, was the thirst for blood. And O negative, the blue blood, were not to be bled by Vampire. They could easily turn to one of us. Vampires were deemed, the law. With the features of a mortal. With the advanced senses and abilities and a longer life span.
The angels were not allowed to walk the earth and destroy as they saw fit. Unless commanded. Vampires, were the step children of God. Guard dogs of  the Earth.
Blood is sacred to God. It’s life and death. We, all had our rules to abide by. The angels, were not meant to procreate, and did. Creating the Immortal, like Sebastian. Later on, Immortals, were thought to have died in the great flood. How they survived, I haven’t found the answer, except their not called Immortals, for nothing. How did the Vampire fare? God spared them, for the moment.
Then came the days of Moses. God, testing the faith of mortals. Dragging them through many tests of faith. The baby in the basket, found by an Egyptian princess and raised as a prince. It was all written, before it was to happen, but it was up to them to make it come to life. In the mean time, God used the Vampire for other tasks. They remained loyal to Him.
Of course, as with the angels that birthed the Immortals. There were the Vampires that did the same. Bleeding the ones that could be changed easily. Forgetting what they were made for, what their true task was. Thus, creating others, that are forbidden. Creating rogues, that no longer cared to listen to Him. Filling the Earth, slowly, with the ones that killed. Ridding the planet of mortals, anyway they could. Creating more and more of the blood suckers.
But there were still the ones that listened. They obeyed and only took what God said they were supposed to take. Enough to sustain them, and only the evil. They protected the mortals, like the angels did, only at an earthly level.
My friends, do you recall the plagues that God sent? Do you remember, when the angel of death swept through the country and killed every first born. It was to be the last purpose of the Vampire, that God asked of him. They were to destroy all the children, man woman and livestock, that were first to be born. God, told Moses to tell the people to anoint their door posts with blood, so they would not be touched by the dark angel. The Vampire, were not to touch them. It swept through. Destroying Pharaoh. Taking his son. Finally, he broke, from the worst of the plagues. God had made his point, and it was the end. It wasn’t that he didn’t love these creatures. He did. We were expendable. And mortals, didn’t believe anymore. They didn’t hold onto those healthy fears.
God called to the sun. Rising, to it’s fullest height and my kind were destroyed, killed. The sun stayed that way for three days. Frozen in the sky. Only a few survived, by hiding in caves and in the Earth. Until the day turned to night.
Why He allowed them to stay, I don’t know. But I’m guessing, the times were changing and the mortals were getting wiser. Vampires were becoming a story to tell children, when they didn’t behave. He loosened the reigns on them. They roamed through times of plagues and witch hunts. The holocaust. Everything wrong morally, physically and ethically, was all given a different name to make it easier, for mortals to remember. Mainly it was a demon let loose. Sometimes, it was one of Us. Cleaning, making way for new beginnings. Some for the bad, some for the good. All had there reasons. Eventually, vampires disappeared. Coming together, were they would be accepted. Hiding from the sun. The, ‘angels of death’, were no longer needed. So now, they wandered the earth, as Cain did. Drinking from mortals, with the guilt of the past on their shoulders.
Many of the old vampires, are dead and gone. Like I said before, we don’t live forever, but we live a long time. A very, long time.
There is more that I want to write to the both of you. But at this moment, I can only hope, that the both of you will listen to what I have said and keep this to yourself. Of course, the reason for me telling you these things, is because you are both useful to me. Listen, to what I have said.
Till next time,
P.F.
*****
Sebastian was already checking on Ivy, when I finally walked through the large doors, branded with the unicorn and the dragon. This wasn’t a school, it wasn’t even a sanctuary. It was a place of meeting, I guess.
I remembered the stairs that reached up, like bright wings. And the large crystal halo chandelier, that met it halfway. Candles were lit in small crystal holders, that illuminated the tear drops, that hung beneath it. Light reflecting off of them, making it brighter than usual.
My attempt to return clean, had clearly failed. My clothing was filthy. Old and fresh blood, stained from head to toe. There was no color to them anymore. Rips and tares, turned this shirt into an unwearable rag. It was a pointless piece of clothing now.
I sniffed myself. The stench of dried blood, wafting up into my nostrils. It wasn’t the best smell. I was used to it tolerating it for this long. Going in front of the Society smelling like a mortal, wasn’t going to fair well with them. Benjamin wouldn’t be pleased either. Although I didn’t trust him, I shouldn’t let his teaching go to waste.
Taking in the foyer’s beauty once more, I turned to the dark hall that I’d walked through, many times before. Smelled the scents of perfumes and intimacy. All was silent, except for the humming of jealous love, from Evie.
Standing in front on me, appearing from out of the shadows, was Poppy. A blur of motion. Using her power, like a natural.
“Perish, are you busy?” She asked me. Smiling. Revealing her small fangs. Taking  a quick glance at the closed curtains that allowed the sun light to come though, just a little. Not enough to do damage.
I nodded. This would give me the opportunity to talk with her.
Leaning against the stone walls. There weren’t any doors or secret corridors, to let our voices echo.
“What can I help you with?” Crossing my arms, giving Poppy, my full attention.
She wrapped her hands around each other, nervously. She was a little more in tuned with her feelings than I expected. Was that normal?
“I know that you and Sebastian have been wondering, why I haven’t fed. Why I haven’t raged.”
I nodded. She was eves dropping. She heard everything.
Good. I thought.
“I noticed. Can you tell me why?” This was going to be interesting. She has only been a Vampire for a few days, remarkably she was taking to her new life, well. Benjamin would be impressed.
“I crave energy,” just like that. She blurted it out. Simple conversation, right to the point. I like this kid.
“Ah. I see. That would explain it.”
I knew of energy Vampires. Feeding off of emotions, was there thirst quencher. I was relieved to hear this. I wouldn’t have it any other way. Still, she would suffer the same fate as I, and others of our kind. Frozen in child form, just as when she crossed over. A ten year old child.
“My mother…I’ve been feeding mainly from her. She’s hasn’t accepted, this, yet. About me. If you haven’t noticed she’s taking it well…outwardly. Inside, she questions her faith.”
I thought it was Sebastian keeping her calm. But Poppy, was the one, all along. I wouldn’t see it, would I? Not now, that Rose was here and most of the thoughts that came to me, didn’t make sense anymore. It was like a messy desk. Organized chaos, if you may. Ever since the attack.
“You? Excellent! I’m impressed little one. But something else is troubling you?” I was genuinely concerned for her. She’s been far to quiet and I knew, she had as many questions as I did.
“I’m confused,” she stuttered.
“Confused?”
“About why it was so easy for me to cross over, and take so well to this new life. If you wanna call it that.”
Hesitating, it wasn’t what I was expecting her to ask. Similar to what I ask myself. Annoyed, that I would have to tell her. I wasn’t ready for this responsibility.
“You are O negative,” I began. “Royal blood. The only blood type, that takes well to the venom of a breed,” explaining as quick as I could, without dancing around a more colorful explanation.
“That’s it?”
I nodded. “That’s it.”
“So, your O negative too?”
I never asked that question. I began to recall what I remembered, in my existence. I still didn’t know what blood type, I was. Or if Vampires had blood types, if they weren’t brought over, normally. We really just fed off of the blood, and it sustained us.
“I…don’t know.”
This answer, didn’t seem to be what she was looking for. Her face crumpled up with disappointment.
“Who’s Oracle? S…S…Sato. I think that’s how you say it,” I stepped back a little, as if her words pushed me over.
“Sato-san? How do you know about her?”
“I heard her name…in my head. She told, herself. She said your going to see her soon.”
Poppy was telepathic as well. This didn’t make any sense. Sato-san said, she couldn’t continue to explain to me. Yet, she could speak with Poppy. There were a few things happening, that didn’t fit.
Poppy was going to be an asset after all.
“Poppy, please don’t mention it to anyone. Especially Rose. I need to go alone. After the meeting with Society today, I’ll need to leave and find Oracle.”
She paused a while and stared at the ground, as if she were listening to something coming from it.
“She didn’t leave the package at the house,” she said. “She gave it to Aunt Rose already. It’s in her journal. The one she writes in.”
I knew what she meant, the journal, when she explained what she couldn’t out loud, to her sister.
“She keeps all of her thoughts in that notebook. And keeps all of them, when she’s filled them up. To remember the conversations. When she had dreams too,” Poppy was mesmerized as she told me this. Someone was telling her this and she was relaying them to me.
Interrupting her, I needed to know who, “Are you receiving this now…from Sato?”
She nodded, and starred back up at me.
“That’s all she’s told me,” she said.
She was going to be an excellent pupil, “Thank you Poppy.”
“Your welcome,” satisfied, she smile, her little fangs, so sharp.
“We will have to speak later, when I get back. Until then, prepare for this afternoon. Your sharp, smart and I’m sure, you won’t have any problems, when the Society questions you.”
She lowered her eyes again, “I’m afraid.”
Fear? She was definitely different, in many ways.
“I know. I can feel it. Poppy, can I depend on you to do something for me?”
I waited for her to acknowledge me. When she did, it was with an apprehensive nod.
“Take care of Rose and keep your mother safe. Although Sebastian will probably handle that part,” I chuckled. Poppy shrugged.
“Of course I will,” agreeing. She then scrunched her nose, frowning. “You need a shower and new clothes. You smell, really bad.”
That was the next task, I needed to take care of.
“Yeah. I’ll have Evie get a shower ready.”
Poppy giggled, “If she’ll speak to you,” she skipped ahead of me, into the darkness.
Sighing I had to do as I’d always done and apologize to Evie. If I expected her to help. For what this time? That I made her jealous?
I followed after Poppy. Into Sebastian’s room. Ivy was enjoying the conversation they were having. Annette flitted around his room. She’d prepared a breakfast and tea. It’s steam rising, the aroma filling the room with pleasantness.
I couldn’t help smiling, standing in the doorway. Watching quietly, as the three of them, casually speaking to one another. Ivy was laughing at something Sebastian said. Genuinely, he was trying his best to keep her thoughts in a better place. Poppy bounced over to her mother and hugged her neck. Her small voice, asking her how she was doing. Reminding me of a doll. As a matter of fact, everything about her reminded me of such. Large hazel eyes, pronounced nose, small perfect lips and long, dirty blond hair. That looked sun kissed, shimmering water, falling passed her shoulders. Poppy was a tiny thing. Remembering when I brought her back to her mother and aunt. Weighed little more than a bird.
Sebastian turned, giving me a nod. An invitation for me to join them. Declining. I was in desperate need of a shower. And had all but forgotten, about Rose. Waving to him cordially. Hoping that it wouldn’t be misinterpreted as avoidance. I would return, before the afternoon.
Returning to my room. Feeling for Roses energy before entering. She was still asleep. Good. I’d decided, I wouldn’t ask Evie to prepare the bath for me. Nor, would I need her to prepare my clothes. I would do it. Time was precious. Annoying me with petty jealousy, wasn’t what I was desiring at the moment.
Twisting the knob, I pushed the door, quietly entering the room. Taking a quick glance, at the resting Rose. Wondering, if she would be well enough for the meeting. I kept my thoughts clear. Making an effort not to think of Sato-san and the trip to Japan. Or of the journal, Poppy said Sato-san left the instructions in. Getting it from Rose, I estimated, wouldn’t be easy.
Standing in the middle of the room. I watched her from the corner of my eye. Breathing, underneath the blankets. It had become chilled in the room, the fireplace was now, only smoldering wood. I could see, that her breath was visible.
Speedily, like a blur. I prepared the fireplace, flicking a match, to catch the dry wood. Flames reached up and danced, in grateful bliss. Thankful, that I’d set them free once again. The fire would warm the room soon. Illuminating the room. And I came face to face with the boney, bleached smiles of the skulls. They were my companions. They had seen everything pass through this earth, long before I was even a thought in my creators mind.
Looking down at my hands. Dirty and crusted with blood. Fingernails, sharp as daggers, flesh underneath them. If my hands looked like this, I wondered what I really looked like. Over to the wardrobe, I made my way without any sound. To the side of it, was the mirror I’d avoided for so long, turned from its reflective surface. It was the thought of looking at myself, I hated. What I am. Hesitating, I reached to flip the mirror around.
In it, my reflection. For a long time, I refused to look. It was the same as looking into the window at the laboratory. I forced myself. To look at the result of two years, in the city.
As slowly as the memories of Rose began to surface, so was all I pushed deep into the darkest part of whatever consciousness, I had. I saw my face, dirty and unrecognizable. I didn’t remember what I looked like anyway. My eyes starred back at me, through grime and blood. Some of which, had to be Rose’s.
Stepping closer to the mirror, I could see the changing colors of my dysfunctional orbs. Making me a true freak. Slowly, each color pushed over the next. Like the waves washing it away and starting over. Not knowing which to choose. One minute they were green or bright violet. When I was hungry they were black and grey. Maybe there was an obvious answer. My own body, didn’t know where it came from. That was the only answer. Reacting the only way it knew how. Wrapped, in one package.
Wiping at my face and smudging the grime, hoping it would relieve some of the layers. And reveal something, that was translated as skin. Frustrated, I smudged it more and more across my face, having little success.
Still there was my own face underneath. My own existence that this mirror reflected back at me. I was here now. And I would have to learn to leave it alone or learn to live with it, as long as I did exist. Behind me, I could see in the reflection, that Rose was stirring. Her thoughts waking. Still weak and tired, I watched her in the reflection as she shifted underneath the thick blankets. Completely covered and warm.
She was to teach me. And yet she spoke to no one. Only through scribbles. And telepathy to me. How was this damaged mortal going to teach me anything? I had more to offer her, than she could ever give me.
Vulnerable, without words. We had one thing in common. The both of us understood what it was to be lonely and in a world were no one would understand. I didn’t want her to see me.
Quickly I rummaged through the wardrobe, finding the same crisp white shirts and slacks. No way, was I ever dressing up again. Flipping through the hangers and pulling the drawer underneath. Relieved that Benjamin hadn’t destroyed my favorite shirts. I grabbed the first raglan, from the drawer. It would do. Tossing it to the floor and reaching deeper into the back of closet for a pair of shoes. My fingers crossing over a pair of old boots, Sebastian had given me.
“There from when I was in the war,” He said, never explaining which war.
They were worn but decent. I tossed those to the floor too. They landed with a muffled, thud. Checking to see, if Rose was disturbed. There was no movement.
One more thing, I grabbed the first pair, of dark blue denim, from the hanger. Moving at inhuman speed, I swept everything I’d chosen, from the floor and headed for the bath hall.
I know what your thinking. Castle Freedom, is just that. A castle. Kept in pristine and original condition, say for a few things. The castle had a bath hall. A large pool that was meant for, ‘special guests’. Every so often a breed used it to freshen up after a, ‘visit’. Today, I was in desperate need of a good cleaning.
The bath hall, lit with hundreds of candles. Was eerily empty. The pool empty, from water and beings. Did this place have a regular source of cleanliness?
“Maybe I should have had Evie prepare,” my voice echoing. I dropped my items where I stood. Searched the hall, for any other source of washing. Low and behold, behind a red curtain, was a smaller copper bathtub. A hot and cold nozzle, protruding from the marble floor, the spout hanging over the side. Twisting the four pronged knobs, I tested it for water. Instantly, it gushed from the spouts and started to fill up. It was a big difference, from where I’d come from. I didn’t bother to check, which I had twisted. Hot or cold, it didn’t matter. I only needed the water. But it was steaming, I suppose I chose hot water.
I didn’t bother taking my clothes off, neatly. They were rags now. I peeled them from my skin. They made a strange sound, like crumpling paper. Tossing the incrusted shirt to the floor. It landed with a light thud, dirt and blood clods, scattering. The pants I presently wore, were two toned, at this point. The original color, covered by my shirt, was bright and new. I didn’t take the time with them either, and tossed them to the ground. The mixed, mud and human leftovers found its way underneath. Invading every inch of me.
The shower before coming back, wasn’t anything like sitting in a bathtub. I never fully appreciated, why humans took baths. I didn’t really see the need. It was more of a chore, than enjoyment.
I slipped my body into the copper tub and sank deeper, until I was laying at the bottom, submerged, starring up at the dark ceiling through watery glass.
It was rather nice. I emerged from below. Smelling the familiar scent of jealousy. Sensing, that Evie was in the hall, with me. Leaning over the side, I rested my chin on my arms. Water dripped onto the floor.
I called to her, “You always seem to appear at the right time.”
She didn’t answer right away, remaining on the other side of the red curtain.
“I came to see if you needed…anything. When I went to check on Rose, I saw there was a fire going. Thought it must have been you. Your closet was ransacked too,” she spoke cautiously and quietly.
“Ah. Yes. Well…as you can see, I can managed quite a bit, without you. I’m not the pampered sort. You know this,” I settled back in. Cloudy water splashing over the edge.
“Will you be long?” She asked.
“Why?”
“I was going to wake up Rose. Wash her wounds,” her voice cracked a little. I knew that it was hard for her, to help, when she didn’t want to.
“Really? I didn’t expect you to be so helpful. She’s sleeping. I don’t know, if she’ll want to. Don’t you think her sister and Poppy would like to assist you?”
“Ivy will help. And Poppy, too.”
“Good,” I said, looking down at my reflection, into the cloudy dirt, water. Pale, alabaster skin. Black hair, in desperate need of a hair cut, to fix the damage I‘d done to it. Running my fingers through it, water sprayed in every direction, “Evie?” I called to her.
“Yes.”
“I may need you to give me a haircut. My hair. It’s too long. I sliced it up myself a few days ago, but it seems it’s grown back. Will you fix it?”
This was what she was waiting for. A chance to get close, by any means necessary. She was smiling, I knew it. Of course she would help me. How could she resist?
Exhaling, I stretched my back, bringing my knees above the water. Extending my arms over them.
Startled. Evie flung her arms around my neck. Resting her cheek against my naked back. There was a need to push her off, say the same words I’ve always said to her. Know your place. But, I couldn’t bring myself to say it.
“I know you must hate me. But, I’ll take a million hateful words from you, just to be with you. Perish. I’m sorry.”
It was silent for the moment. My thoughts lingered on the touch of her skin, against mine. Warm. Like Rose.
Uncomfortable. I shook Evie’s grip loose, turning around to face her. She was very close, too close. Her mind was going through every scenario and possibility, that could have happened in that very moment.
“A towel…Evie, please,” I gently instructed her. Gentle enough. I’d bruised her ego and good intentions enough for today. She could have this moment.
“Right,” clearly embarrassed. She disappeared behind the curtain and then reappeared, with a large towel.
“Thanks. I think I can handle the rest. Please see to Rose.”
I didn’t make a move, I stayed in the tepid water, until I knew for sure, that she was gone, entirely, from the room. Sebastian, would loved to have given Evie, an eyeful at that moment. I scrubbed my back and neck where she lay. Getting as much of the stench off of me, as I could.
I stood up, the water sheeting off my skin like it would over smooth stone. Flawless. Standing naked in the room, sure Evie had gone and was doing as I asked. Never using the towel. It was merely water and I would dry soon. Behind the curtain, was another larger mirror, identical to the one in my room. I found myself forced again, to look at myself. This time, seeing the difference. Skin so pale, it was almost transparent. Black hair falling over my forehead, contrasting. Total opposites. Complete void and complete, absolute light.
A few narcissistic thoughts, crept through my mind. Looking upon my naked body. All of my muscles, perfectly formed, healthy. The picture perfect, concoction, of what a Vampire should be. I smiled. Dimples popping up, fangs glistening white. They made me unapproachable. Not that I would want to be approached. The fangs were what made me. I was grinning a stupid smile at myself. Actually they weren’t that bad. I was pretty handsome.
Nice smile. “I should smile more often,” I was talking through my grin, to my reflection. “Use your qualities to your advantage. Your not an ugly guy Perish. Who else do you know, with this great physic, great eyes and a razor sharp smile and…well I’ve never noticed before. But you have dimples. Who could resist you?”
I hadn’t noticed she was back and standing behind me. Evie! While I stood naked, in front of her, talking to myself. Being vein.
“It’s…not…” I couldn’t make up a proper excuse. It was what it looked like. I was admiring myself. And liked what I saw.
“I don’t know if you want this, but here,” she giggled, handing me the towel. “I’ll cut your hair now. Sit down.” Pulling a stool in front of the mirror motioning for me to sit. I wrapped the towel around my waist. I could feel her eyes, ogling me. From head to toe. Her thoughts were flipping wildly. Pictures of my body and how toned it was. And yes, the dimples too.
“Cut it please,” I said, embarrassed.
“Fine. But…you shouldn’t be embarrassed. You’re very handsome.”
“I meant cut my hair.”
“Oh. How do you want it?” A razor comb and a pair of scissors in her hand.
“Something easy. Just chop it. Not too short.”
“Picky?” She commented, then began to cut my hair.
I groaned, I just wanted it over and done with. Suddenly taking notice of my appearance was new.
Evie, clipped and chopped my hair. In the end, it looked pretty good. A type of shaggy hair cut. I liked it.
“Thanks Evie. Now, can I get dressed, in private?”
“Awe, really? Fine. Rose is awake and waiting anyway,” she pouted, as she left the room.
It was an awkward moment for me. A pleasant one for Evie. She was pretty happy about it too. Given the fact that she was the, only, mortal that has seen me, in the nude. At least, since I was still in infant stage.
I took another look at my new hair. I wasn’t half bad. I guess. The pile of dirty clothes, were taken by Evie. Probably burning somewhere. She neatly folded, the new clean clothes, that I’d thrown on the ground, on a seat near by. The boots, flopped to the side, waiting. Before she could surprise me again. I clumsily pulled the raglan shirt, over my head. It was a little tighter than I remembered my shirts fitting. It left little to the imagination. I tugged at it from the bottom. It was little help. Reaching for the jeans. One leg at a time. Clothes, were mainly for mortals and their self consciousness. But I guess, I was more modest than I took myself for. Given earlier. Suspecting that Evie changed my entire wardrobe, to fit the fashion.
“Have things changed that drastically?”
Finally, the boots. Confident, they wouldn’t fit any different. A pair of faithful friends. From one friend to another. I was glad to have them.
“Their not hand me downs,” explained Sebastian. “Their Vintage. Technically.”
One last look, at what the clothed me looked like. Impressive. Even though the shirt was a little tighter and the jeans, fit slightly closer to me, than I was used to. I wasn’t disappointed. I looked…good. Running my fingers through my hair, tousling it a bit, half smiling. At that point, I didn’t understand why it was starting to matter. A late bloomer, perhaps.
*~*~*
Chapter 20-Suddenly Aware
It was stupid really. Everyone stopped. I should have knocked. Or maybe I should have stopped at Sebastian’s first. Getting an opinion first.
There were only the women, in this room. It was obvious they approved of my appearance. Scanning the room, I saw that Rose was now awake. Suddenly I became self-conscious. Nothing’s changed, I shouldn’t act any different either.
“Everyone’s here?” I asked. Still standing in the door way, my hand on the knob. Ready to turn tale and make a quick escape. I’d already made up my mind, I wouldn’t be rude, slam the door and just plain, walk away. I would stay and make small talk. Forced, of course.
Evie chucked her chin at me and smiled, pleased with herself, “You clean up nice. Like the new clothes?”
“It’s going to take a bit of getting used to, but it’s okay.”
“You seem to like it. I knew that shirt, would look great on you. And the boots, nice touch.”
Was this going to end up a fashion show?
“Thanks,” trying not to become the topic of conversation. “Is everyone ready for this afternoon?” Asking particularly Rose and Poppy. Rose peered from the high back chair. Our eyes meeting. I smiled politely. Even without bright lights, the candle light was more than enough to see she was doing better. The rest did her well.
Clearing my throat, feeling awkward, “Okay…well. We’ll meet here, before we meet with Benjamin.”
Rose nodded. And rested back into the chair. Should I ask her telepathically, ask her how she was? I still needed to ask her about the journal, that needed to be immediately.
I’m fine, I heard her say. I looked up, hoping to see her face. She was still out of my view. How did you know about the journal? She asked.
It was told to me. You keep a journal, along with the notes of your conversations. I replied.
Our speaking to one another, was almost natural. It was an odd thing, to watch, on the outside. Me standing at the door, hand on the handle, starring at a chair.
Poppy told you didn’t she? It’s not a problem. Her thoughts much more clearer then before. Poppy shouldn’t have told me. But she was obligated, she was mine. This wasn’t the way, I planned to ask Rose.
I’m sorry, it wasn’t a subject that I was going to discuss with you, at this moment. But it will need to be…soon. Urgently speaking.
Rose didn’t say anything, after that. Keeping the trip and Oracle, from her as best as I could. My comfort level, was being tested.
Well then. I suppose, when I return this afternoon. We can discuss it then. It was an ass hole thing, to end with.
Turning to leave, I made a quick announcement, “I’ll be back in an hour. Make sure everyone is here, and well taken care of until then.”
Evie, acknowledged my orders. Quizzically she watched me. Wondering, what was really going on. I turned to leave, just closing the door when I was surprised, once again, by the ever quick moving, Poppy. She stood in front of me. Inviting herself along, as I ventured to speak with Sebastian. Get away from the attention. She thought, she would gain something from our conversation, that she couldn’t get in a book. An adult lesson.
“Mom will be fine. She’s doing better now,” She chirped, reassuring me.
It didn’t matter to me, I shrugged my shoulders. Even if I forbid it, she already had her mind made up. She skipped out first, without a second thought. We were gone, she and I, closing the door behind me.
If I needed to breathe, I would have let out a sigh of relief. Being in the same room with Rose, was making me anxious. It felt, like the walls were closing in on me. When she stopped talking to me. Her thoughts, went blank. I shouldn’t have said anything, about the journal. It was wrong of me. Technically, it wasn’t me. It was Oracle.
Poppy took my hand in hers. She was still warm, unlike the blood sucking version of the Breed. She still attained a small portion of humanity. She was still pale and extremely beautiful, for a child. Her fangs were there though. And she didn’t need the blood. Instead, her fangs acted more like a warning, to others. Like the bright colors of an insect. Being a Psy-Vampire, she would be an easy target, for more experienced Breeds. 
Pulling me toward Sebastian’s room, she was the one that tapped on his door.
“Come in,” I heard him say.
Poppy, popped her head in first, “Sebastian, is it okay if I join you too?” Asking permission in her most politest tone. She was the youngest, vampire existing. The first child, to cross over, in a long time. It was like having a little sister, around the castle. Us, loners weren’t used to it. There was an innocence here, that compelled us to protect her. To allow her, to be a child.
“Certainly, Poppy,” the sound of papers crumpling and glasses clinking against each other, as he rushed around, cleaning. Where was his assistant?
“No need to make a fuss, Bastian. I’m here with her. Just the two of us. Where’s your assistant?” I asked peering into the door, hand in hand with Poppy.
“She hates me. Says, I’m too demanding. Well, she’s old. Why can’t I have an assistant like yours?” He complained. Tossing clothing, into a corner and sweeping shirts to the side, making room on an ottoman. Poppy sat down, bouncing playfully.
“What’s with the kid?” He asked, slightly annoyed.
“She’s my ward. If she wishes, she can follow me, as long as she doesn’t interfere. Have you forgotten?” It was my way of explaining to her what her place was. She understood. She was to behave, look, listen and learn.
“I see,” He finally noticed my look. And was as silent as the others, taking in the clean me. He straightened up from his clutter. “I say!” he exclaimed. Surprised. “You clean up well. I haven’t seen that face in very long time.”
I cleared my throat, uncomfortable with all the commentary and attention, about how I looked.
“Thanks, I guess.”
“You don’t like it?” He asked, finally dropping his armful of things to the ground, coming to join us. Giving up on cleaning.
“It’s not what I’m used too. Anyway. About this afternoon.”
He leaned back, stretching out his arms. Making himself comfortable.
“What about it?”
Sitting forward, folding my hands together, anxious, “Should we prepare? And what should we prepare for?”
“I don’t know,” he sighed. “I’ve never been in front of the Society leaders before. I’m supposing, they’ll let you keep your, pets for now.”
“My pets?” His whole attitude changed. That word, made me irritated. I thought that Sebastian had taken, a liking to Ivy.
“Not like that Perish,” He corrected me. It wasn’t meant as an insult. Sebastian was testing me. As the Society, undoubtedly, would do, “You need to understand, that the Society isn’t willing to understand the circumstances. They know about Poppy already. But what are you going to say, that will let them now you haven’t compromised the others, by bringing them here. And bringing Poppy across? Poppy’s life, will depend on what you say.”
He made sense. I needed to have the right answers to their questions. I shouldn’t get defensive. I needed to remain clam. I couldn’t allow them to destroy this family.
“There’s one more thing,” said Sebastian. “About Rose. They know that you react to her. They just don’t know how.”
This sent a shockwave of concern through my body. This put me in, silent defense mode. Without making it obvious, that it bothered me, I calmly asked Sebastian how they knew.
“Benjamin’s been confiding in me since you left Freedom. He’s always watched you. And as you already know, it was me, that reported to him. Sometimes, I didn’t need to report it, he already knew.”
Anger, was the last thing I wanted to feel. How could I? When I already knew. I think, he was trying to redeem himself.
I nodded.
“Perish, I’m warning you. They don’t have a plan for punishment, for you or the family. But…I will stand next to you, as your brother. I’ll protect them along side you.”
Sebastian was honest in his words. He connected with Ivy and wanted to make sure she was safe. Poppy was staring at him, with her doll like hazel eyes.
“Did you want to say something?” I asked her. She looked like she had something on her mind.
She nodded, “Don’t hurt her,” Her voice sang. And Sebastian’s eyes connected with hers. “Please. She’s been hurt before.”
He shifted, nervously. Crossing and uncrossing his arms, “W…what do you mean?” He stuttered, looking at me for help. Was he too obvious? He didn’t expect it himself. Connecting with Ivy, immediately. Since their first meeting, his feelings have grown. I couldn’t help a cheeky smile. It was quick, they hadn’t been here long, but it seemed like an eternity.
“My father,” She continued. “Only comes around, when he needs money. He never asks about me or her. Just wants money. She was in love with him and still was, until this whole fiasco.”
“I don’t understand what you mean.”
“Yes, you do,” Poppy was concerned for her mother. She needed Sebastian to understand too. “When you confess to her, truly mean it. You wonder why, she is so calm? She really isn’t. She’s learned to live with pain. My father. Me coming to be this and my Aunt Rose’s loneliness, as well as her own. She had to be strong for all of us. Showing less emotion, meant that one of us could push on. She is our strength. But turning herself to that, meant she had to become desensitized, to anything other than our survival. Love, was no longer an option for her. All she needed was, God. But…I don’t think God wants her to be alone. So, what I ask of you, Bastian. No matter what happens, is that you, are truthful and mean what you say to her. Honestly, its been a long time since she has relaxed and enjoyed someone’s company.”
It had been a topic of concern, to both Sebastian and I. Why a mother could be so calm, when faced with the this traumatic event. Poppy had a hand in it too. Later she explained, she didn’t need to take energy from her mother anymore. She was calmer, when she was with Sebastian. Safe.
Sebastian’s energy, was causing the room to warm up. Not that he would reveal, that he was happy or optimistic, about the possibilities. He kept his composure.
“T…thank you Poppy. Um, if that is the case. Then I promise, I won’t hurt your mother, in any way.”
I rolled my eyes. He really wasn’t going to admit anything. What was the big deal anyway?
Catching sight of my expression. He wasn’t going to be the only one put on the spot. “What?!” He blurted out, I knew of his denial. I shrugged my shoulders, and leaned back into the ottoman.
“You can’t do that,” he said, defensively.
“Do what?” I closed my eyes, recalling the last words I said to Rose.
“You have a thing for the mute sister!”
I sat straight up from my comfortable position. “WHAT!?”
He clicked his tongue, “Come off it. You’ve had a thing for her for longer then you can remember.”
“A thing? That’s so out of the ballpark, it’s a foul,” I couldn’t sit down anymore. Anxious, I started to pace around the room. “H…how, would you even come to that conclusion. No offense Poppy. But I don’t like human girls. Let alone ones that are damaged.”
“That’s not fair, Perish,” Poppy calmly interjected. I clenched my teeth and forced myself to sit down. Running my hand through my hair.
Sebastian began to chuckle, as my comfort level was shooting through the roof, “And to top it off,” he continued, “she’s an older woman.” He laughed harder. Louder.
“It’s not funny. And its not true”
Poppy giggled, pulling her knees to her chest. Sebastian and I, sat in silence. He was growing attached to Ivy. And with every moment that passed, I felt their feelings were growing stronger, for one another.
As for me. I didn’t understand the relationship between Rose and I. It was merely a mutual understanding, we needed each other. Life or death. But as far an emotional attachment, it was impossible, as far as I was concerned. I would never allow for that. Though I had to admit. When we are together, something happens, beyond my own comprehension. Maybe it’s the fact that she holds my life, in her hands. Perhaps, it was that I held some pity for her. Convincing myself, that this must be the reason, for the effect. Nothing more than that.
Time passed much too quickly, and before we were aware of it. The clock chimed ten o’clock am. Poppy was teaching Sebastian a rhythm game, when they stopped at the sound of the clock. Time to prepare and meet with the others.
I stood up, “Lets to go.”
Once again, we ventured through these halls. I’d memorized every crack and crevasse that led from my room to Sebastian’s, to the foyer. All the way to Benjamin’s chamber. It was something that would forever stay with me. I couldn’t shake the feeling that Freedom’s walls, were being compromised. Manipulated, just like I was.
The closer we came to the room. The more vivid the images came to me. Rose and her sister, and Evie. All sitting in front of the fireplace. I could hear Ivy and Evie talking. Enjoying the conversation. That was strange and unsettling. Evie was getting along with them. Ivy at the moment, was content, as she told stories of Poppy’s small adventures. There were only two voices, and it was only the two, that I could see. I felt Rose, smiling and laughing silently to herself. Happiness. There was a sense of foreboding, the closer I got to them. Here I was, coming to take that happiness away, again.
For a moment, it was as if we were never going to face the Society. That I wasn’t going to have to face punishment. Even as Sebastian said, Society didn’t know what the decision would be. That nothing mattered anymore. It was okay for now. But the burden stayed with me. Reminding me that it wasn’t over, it was just a small, good thought. Wishful thinking.
The door was already open. Sebastian and Poppy, went in together. I watched from the doorway. Remaining the outcast, preferring to keep my distance. The aroma of cinnamon, sprinkled the room. Leaning against the door way, I watched, as they talked and chatted amongst each other. There was no fear, if they didn’t know what was about to happen. This was how is should have been. Peaceful bliss. When breed and mortal are brought together, in good company.
Are we going to discuss the journal now?
As before, her voice was always a sweet whisper, still unaware of how it should sound.
I suppose we should. Breaking up the good energy, would be stupid. Will you join me here? Politely requesting.
No one noticed her get up. It must have always been this way. Unnoticed. Evie, must have worked through her jealousy and supplied Rose, with clean clothes. I watched her, as she came toward me, slightly limping. Still, unbeknownst to her, she was quit attractive. The shirt she wore, fell just right on the hips of her hour glass figure. She stepped into the light of a candle, catching the light brown and golden strands, of curly hair. Almost red, if the light hit it right. The short hair fit her. Making her look more adventurous and mysterious, at the same time. High cheekbones and a strong jaw line, still feminine, when you put it together with her full, heart shaped lips.
I shook the thoughts, hoping I didn’t make them loud enough for her to hear.
She took a place next to me. Just as I remembered her. Young in her looks, quite the opposite of her age. Cinnamon, following her, when she turned to admire the small group, enjoying each others company. She rested against the wall.
Well, do you want it?
“W…what?” I spoke a loud. Her abruptness, reminding me of why I needed her here.
My journal?
Was it going to be that easy?
“If you don’t mind?” I said, desperately trying not to sound…desperate. “There may be a piece of information, that you may have dreamt about…in it.”
Do you mind telling me, what this is about? Why would any information come through me? Because apparently, I dream things that aren’t true.
But I did remember, and she should know that I did.
“It’s not exactly time sequenced, but I do remember.”
Our eyes connected. How did she do that? Always through her eyes, connecting so easily. Forcing that energy through me. They were about to burst, let the tears flow.
Smiling through it all, Then, I’m not crazy? This is such a relief, Perish. Throwing her arms around my waist. I stood there, arms in the air, not sure how to react, surrendering.
“Yeah. Don’t…please. You smell too good.”
What? I’m sorry, you’re reacting to my blood.
She let go. It wasn’t really the blood, I mean it was. The feeling, when we touched. A kind of electricity, energy and buzz. It would always happen, when we were together. Somehow this vibration, had taken the place of the annoying ringing. Whatever it was, it wasn’t anymore pleasant.
You look different, she thought shyly.
I smiled a crooked smile, running my hand through my hair. It had become a nervous tick.
“About the journal Rose. It’s important,” was I being too pushy? Her energy changed.
Here. Rose pulled the leather bound journal from her back pocket, thrusting it at me without a glance. The strong scent of cinnamon, sticking to it.
I starred at her curiously. I had to know what kind of energy she manifested when we were together. Needed to see, if she was feeling, the way I was. I shifted myself, placing my hands on either side of her. Leaning into the wall, starring into her eyes. Searching for the source of this feeling. She didn’t move away, as I inclined myself closer to her. Almost touching. I shut my eyes and inhaled her scent. The energy wasn’t sadness, more like disappointment. She wanted me to tell her what I remembered. Which I would, in time.
Forcing her, I maneuvered, herding her to the entrance of the shadow room, where the group, would only have an obstructed view. I’d startled her and she stepped back. Still she didn’t move out of the confined space, I‘d formed with myself. She was too afraid. The attack, still fresh in her mind. Still evident, when she was limping. The Injury, I didn’t remember inflicting.
She was plastered against the wall, her hands clasped against her chest. Heart pounding. She was confused, not able to scream, not wanting too. My eyes remained closed as I felt her movements in my mind, the way she interpreted them. Fidgeting with her hair as in uncomfortably fell onto her forehead. Whispering in her thoughts, something I couldn’t understand. Her skin began to moisten, as her fear manifested.
When I finally opened my eyes, I saw th fresh marks on her cheek and neck. The mark of what could have been, the change. Not deep enough.
I groaned, agonized by the thought of what could have been. My stomach turning in disgust at myself, “Rose…please,” I begged. My voice didn’t sound the same, even to myself. I was pleading with her, begging her. There were things I wanted to ask her to explain. Hesitating, I reached out to her with my finger tips. The heat from her skin rising. Her body, fully aware of what I was, reacting naturally. Her cheeks flushed, the slightest pink. Boldly tracing the scars on her cheek, following her artery to her neck. A lump began to form in my throat. The buzz of energy moving from me to her. Exchanging. Her skin was heating up, the energy increased, with it. It was getting hot in here. Stuffy. 
What are you doing? She asked. Almost inaudible.
Arrogantly, I answered, “Trying to figure you out. Be quiet and let me finish what I was saying.”
She nodded. Allowing me to continue to trace the scars, subconsciously I was memorizing her features. “Don’t misunderstand this. I am a killer,” I whispered, gradually getting closer. Energy intensifying. “And you’ve seen firsthand, that I can turn against anyone. But it’s not me, that wants to harm you,” Everything seemed to dissolve around us. “You know, that I can’t live without you. Literally. But I beg you, don’t get attached. I can’t…give you what you want. Understand, that I won’t mean to hurt you. I say rude things. And have crude feelings toward mortals. It’s not that I don’t… Never mind. At the moment, I’m not interested in feelings of that type. Spare yourself the hurt.”
Almost touching, mere inches, centimeters apart. My lips nearly on hers. We remained this way, unmoved. Afraid to. I think I said to much. Reacted irrationally.
What makes you think I’m attracted to you?” Rose quickly responded, defending herself. She was struggling with the energy too. Sweating and trying to control her breathing. You’d think I hadn’t heard this before? Being rejected is the norm, for someone like me. I’m damaged, I don’t get attached. Don’t feel that you have to explain it to me, every time. I’m not an idiot. Don’t apologize either, unless you mean it. Its not unnatural for a guy like you to look at me, and never have a second thought. But what makes you think I was interested in you? You’re a dead man. And not to be rude, I hope this whole thing is over with, sooner then later.
She tried to escape me, but to afraid to make the move. Get what you need from it. Don’t misinterpret any of what is written about you. Don’t want you getting the wrong idea.
It was amusing to hear her whisper desperately try to sound stern. I couldn’t help but smiling down at her. I could feel her get tense. It should have been the signal to leave her alone. But I couldn’t bring myself to separate from her. Something was telling me not to. Everything about her cried out to me. Blood pulsing, heart beating so loud through her chest so close it pounded in my own. 
“I’m sorry.” I said sarcastically. “But we’re in this together.” Whispering closer to her ear. I felt her body shudder under me. “We’ll have to work something out. Won’t we?” Once again, closing my eyes, inhaling her scent closely along her jaw line. Stopping just short of her lips. Just brushing them. The scent of her, so sweet full of life. It seemed to tie us together. I yearned to have it stamped into my memory. So I wouldn’t lose it again.
When I opened my eyes, I saw her clearer then ever. Rose’s thoughts wandered, she kept them well hidden from me. They were only flickers of light. I cocked my body to the side. Releasing her, allowing the energy to recede. 
What was that? She asked me. Hoping she wasn’t asking about the strangeness of my actions.
“I don’t know. Energy I suppose.” Unable to look at her. Keeping my voice low so that only she heard. Starring at the wall behind her instead. Her gaze searing into me.
I’ve never felt anything like that before. Is it because of what’s been happening?
It was a first for me too. 
“Maybe.” I said, pretending it didn’t bother me. “Maybe we have to figure that out too.” I pushed away from her. 
That is why we were connected wasn’t it? Why the God Child sent her to me. SI can differentiate. Trying to differentiate between feelings and energizes. Understanding why I needed to understand her. 
I needed to leave, I couldn’t stand being in her presence anymore. She was causing me to feel things that were unwanted. Turning away from her I went to the door way, shoving the journal into my pocket. She didn’t question me. Didn’t ask me why I’d tried to make her uncomfortable. Confused, she decided to rejoin her sister. Crossing my arms across my chest, frustrated. I watched as she hesitated uncomfortable with leaving the both of us in this awkward situation. It was unfinished. We both wanted to know. We both wanted more. Something was happening in me. It was new. And I suppose it was going to be that way for the both of us. 
I watched her every move that entire morning. The way she covered her mouth when the laugh that wanted to be heard was only heard by me. How she and Poppy communicated through the slightest movements. So personal and intimate, just the two of them. I wanted to learn from her. Suddenly, I wasn’t able to take my eyes off of her. All I saw was her.
What was she doing to me?
The time for Benjamin to bring us in front of the Society was very near. They, the members had already arrived. Their scent traveling through the halls. Telling me know that the inquisition was still going to proceed.
*~*~*
Chapter 21-History Repeating
Dear Curious Friend,
I’ve noticed you haven’t asked me any questions, beyond the one in earlier letters. That’s fine. I’m assuming, I must be answering them for you. I’m pleased. And I suppose you want me explain, in more detail, the dynamics of The Society. I think it’s only fair. Since they have come so far, to try and annihilate mortals from the face of the Earth once and for all. You should know the most basic of stories. 
Genesis. In the beginning, God created man and woman. He created living things on the planet, in the sea, in the air and on the land. Light and darkness, the sun and the moon. Not in that order. But if you read your bible, you’ll understand, that their was no evil, until the eating of the fruit, from the tree of good and evil. Then came Cain and Abel. Blood was shed and death.
But in between these times, there were others, that walked the Earth. The angels to guard, mainly up there with the Lord. The animals. And then, the children of Cain and more, that were born of Adam and Eve. Also, the dark ones, that policed the land.
These, were very dark times. And, very new. Mortals searched for meaning. God wanted the mortals to live for him. To trust him, and have faith and obedience. But instead, there was blood shed, immoral practices and idolatry. Then mortals slowly began to forgot, who had created them. Progressively, he was allowing it to unfold, as time went on. Even giving mortals a second chance, after the flood.
But amongst them. Besides the angels that rarely descended, only by his command. Delivering his word, to those who would listen and tell others. Now, we come to the Breeds. Seven, in the beginning. The seven brothers. Beings, that He created, to police the mortals. Undead, and able to live both, in the night and in the day. Without eating of the earth, or drinking of the vine. Sustained and allowed to feed, from those evil enough, to commit the worst of offenses. With the ability to hear their premeditated sins and intentions. The seven, were permitted to cut them off, before it was ever acted upon. They were powerful creatures, doing what was asked of them. And as the say goes, there is one in every family. One or two, that begin to question their duties to God.
Above the earth, there was also conflict. Challenges from one of Heaven’s most beautiful angels, Lucifer. The Star. He questioned God’s love. Why, the mortals were so prized to God. That the mortals contained nothing special, about them. God graciously explained, his children have the ability to choose. They live to live. And live to serve Him. They were children in his eyes. Even if they had forgotten. Always falling and getting back up, learning. This made them special.
Lucifer hated that they were held at a greater standing, than the angels. Arguing, that mortals were weak and slow minded. He wanted to make his own truths, which God already set forth. He wanted his own followers, those who would follow his ideas, of what humans and angel, should have believed in, in the first place Which God, had already Done.
The Lord, always knew what Lucifer had buried in him. It was part of the plan. Lucifer couldn’t and would never grasp, what his role was in God’s plan. Soon, he gathered others, to follow him. And tried to force his ideas onto God. Rebelling against a law that already was, and is to come. Lucifer challenged Him and for that, God banished Lucifer and the ones that followed, to the deepest of sorrows. The fallen angel, wanted his own. Now he had it. Always there, to mislead the faith of man. Sometimes, Lucifer and his followers broke through. In others, their faith kept them strong.
Anyhow, the purpose of the breeds changed after the falling. Now, they were to seek the ones that were possessed by Lucifer’s demons. Feed from them, instead. At this time, there wasn’t, the ‘casting out’, of demons, exorcism. Bleeding a mortal possessed, was the only way. Without a soul, or human connection, there was nothing that the demons could cling to. It was a task that needed to be fulfilled, in the night and day. There was never such thing as a day walker. They merely walked amongst the people, hunting for the ones that needed to be ‘freed’. The mortals, then, were never changed, only cut off from life, completely. Because if they were to be possessed. They must have done wrong.
The Seven hunted the demons, in accordance to Him. Following the law that has survived for longer then mans existence.
Do not, take a child.
Do not, change man.
Do not, take of the mortals pleasure, that can result in offspring.
Only hunt for the demon.
Do not, take the blood freely, of an unwilling victim.
Do not, drink the blood, of your own kind.
If able, spare the life of Lucifer’s victim. (Which almost never happened.)
Believe in no other, but The Creator.
Times changed. I don’t really know, the reason for Gods need to use man as morphing creatures. In our history, they dwelled in the brightest light of the full moon. Only those, who were strong enough. Four of the Wolf in the beginning. Only one, survived the flood. Lonely, he paid little attention to the law, and lay with many women. They bore a blood line.
Now, the Wolf has become many. Just as the Vampire. God allowed them to remain, virtually untouched. These Wolves, were still human in his eyes. They still had a soul. And so they would be forgiven and allowed to enter heaven, if they did as they were commanded. Pity.
God saw the mortals were beginning to slip in their beliefs. And sent signs to warn them of their transgressions. Creating and destroying. As the world changed again, rapidly growing. Religion, science and politics, began to mold their ways. Mortals and Breed, enjoyed the ways of the world. Breeds began to grow. And the Vampire, became expendable. 
Fear of God, fear of creatures of the night, began to wane on mortals beliefs. It became more convenient to believe in what could be seen, than to depend on faith.
God, was put on life’s, back burner. Placed on a dusty shelf. God become one of Us. Occasionally, to get their attention, he reminded them he wasn’t far. That he would always be in the middle of everything they did. We Vampires called it ‘spring cleaning’. Plague, famine, floods. Sweeping away to try to start anew. But mortals sprung up, like new growth after a fire. And he was pleased. They did as they were supposed too. And coming to him.
You know of the witch hunts, the holocaust, countless wars, the world trade center and the economic down turn, they are facing today? He was there. Clean up. They began to see it. And, still needed to be policed. Humans have long thought they were top of the food chain, when in reality, God made us to be just that. Population control. It usually meant, demon control. The more mortals, the more demons. For every Mortal, there are four demons. Two angels, for every one human. Always a spiritual battle.
As for the seven brothers. Five of them broke the law, creating their own. The venom of the bite, changing handfuls at a time. Some dieing off, before they could mature into a Breed. Their blood, too weak. The O negative blood, became the most robust type. The seven understood what this would mean. This was one type that could save a life and kill at the same time. O negative became the most coveted. With research, I find that they are the closest to God. For some reason, they are in tune with their dreams, thoughts and energies. Taking notice of the world around them much more than ordinary beings. I’ve said this all before. But it needs to be. But in reality the O negative carriers are being groomed for what was coming.
Then, the society was formed by the offspring of the five. Generation to generation, the faces have changed, but the lineage stayed the same. Five seats to, ‘Ancient’ blood. Three more seat, to the lineage of the wolf. Maintaining the original laws, and adding some along the way. As time began to modernize. So did the mindset of the mortals. The Breeds, going into hiding. The general population, was expanding. Outnumbering the demon, mortal ratio. As well as angel, mortal ratio. Rarely seen, Breeds were forced to hunt at night. Humans didn’t need to die because of possessions, anymore. And we couldn’t hunt the evil in them, because most of the world had evolved, into evil. All mortals would have to die, sometime. Now, we were only seen by the insane and no one believed them. Portrayed in movies and imitated by, weighty women and balding, lonely men. We kept to ourselves. Allowing the mortals to freeze us, in myth and legend. It was better this way.
We didn’t hear from God anymore. We hadn’t for a very long time. He’d forsaken us. As he’s done with Lucifer. Allowing us to do as our nature commanded. We took of the mortals blood, for survival.
Some of the brothers, were still firm believers that God still had a plan for the breeds. Otherwise, why would He have allowed us to remain. If he wanted, he would have turned us to dust, many years ago. These three, were afraid. Not in a sense that they were coward. They had the same fear, as one did for their father or mother. A respectful fear. The others, the Wolves and the remaining Vampires, thought them to be crazy to still believe in God anymore. Believing God did not remain. Leaving them to fend for themselves. Decreeing themselves, the judges of both mortals and Breeds. Sound familiar?
The seven were very powerful, still. They could, kill mortals. It didn’t make much sense, to judge the very ones we avoided now. We became allies, with the rich and the famous. The highest, in societies loops. Politicians and those held in high esteem. For a price. Helping them, as the Society gained power, funds and standing, within these realms. Even the three, that still believed, thought that He truly turned his back on them. They only dealt with those, of higher standing. It was too easy to get sucked into the power over mortals. But why shouldn’t they? They had to start somewhere. They had to flex their muscles. This was were they pulled the strings on their mortal puppets. While keeping an eye on the younger ones.
The Immortals. Descendents of the fallen. Angels taking of human women, bearing immortal children. It was not natural, to create such a powerful being. It was taboo in the world of Breeds. Only a handful of these beings exist. They are treated even more like outcasts. Of course jealousy reared its ugly head. When they were born with the ultimate advantage. A one way ticket to redemption and a place in Heaven. They were complete with soul, thought to have a direct connection to God himself. They were only angels in human bodies. With the same abilities that the breeds had. They lived longer, forever. Personally, I believe, they are special to Him and do, have some sort of ‘connection’ to Him.
There is much more explaining to do about the Society. Hopefully more time to allow me to tell you the entire history. But I will tell you bit by bit. I believe, even repeated a few things.
Until next time,
Sleep knowing some truth.
P.F.
*****
Benjamin wasn’t the one who came to fetch us. Mylo and Reex, the very first I had the honor of meeting. We didn’t exactly acknowledge each other. They were more like Benjamin’s puppies. Ready to bite, when their master commanded. Reex, suspiciously eyed Poppy. She wasn’t paying her any attention, instead she held tightly to my hand, as we followed them to a different part of the castle.
Darker than any other part of the castle, a place I’d never been. Her grip grew stronger, and so was her fear. It was useful to me, that she had such reactions. They came to me as energy. Soon, I would begin to understand the process, the emotion behind them. For every action, there was a reaction.
“Don’t show your fear,” I whispered to her. “They’ll smell it on you.”
Her voice cracked, “It’s hard.”
“I know, but we’ll be together in this, you and I.” 
It wasn’t much of a reassurance. It was the only thing I could think of to say to her. I had no idea, what the Society was going to say, or do to Poppy and I. This would have been a good time, for Luken to make an appearance. Or even the God Child. Any kind of guidance would be good about now.
Mylo and Reex brought us to a dark cavern. With stairs winding deeper, into the castle. The glow of torches, lining the walls, casting long arching shadows.
As we descended, I was counting each of the steps. Keeping my mind occupied. Trying not to give up the plans of later on. And the connection, that Rose and I have. And Oracle.
One…two…three…
“I’ll be there for you Perish. We’re as prepared as we’re going to be.” The God Child’s voice, faint but clear. Not understanding what he meant.
Sebastian pressed his palm into my shoulder, holding me back from the rest of the group. Poppy let go, but stayed close.
“Are you up for this?” He asked.
“Do I have a choice?”
“You don’t, but I thought that I would be a friend and ask.”
I rolled my eyes, glancing toward Rose. She was walking ahead of me. Arm and arm with Ivy. Silent thoughts. As dark as mine.
If Luken decided to make his appearance, Poppy and I, wouldn’t have a hope or a prayer. The God Child, was surely going to make an appearance. Was I really prepared?
Deeper, the steps disappearing from under our feet, tapering into a dusty pathway. Rose and Ivy were struggling with visibility in the dim lit cavern. As well as the dust, we all kicked up. Coughing and covering their mouths, trying to breath.
Are you alright? I asked Rose. She nodded. Keeping hold of Ivy’s arm.
Mylo and Reex chuckled, at their discomfort.
“Shut up, up there, and get us to where we need to be,” I commanded.
Reex, shot me a death glare. And an image of me hanging upside down, bound and gagged, with Poppy next to me. Blood spilling, from deeply cut throats. I clenched my teeth and held myself back. She turned her nose up, turning away. Satisfied.
“Little bitch,” I said under my breath. Sure, she heard it.
Another dark hall. Large black doors with numerous carvings of unicorns and dragons, in a great cluster. My eyes looked over it quickly. Ivy was the one that stepped closer. She had her hand outstretched, to touch it.
“Onyx,” she whispered. Sebastian came to her side, as her fingers traced the giants, carved into the door.
Sebastian was curious, “What is it?” He asked, examining it closely.
“I don’t know this artist, but it’s exquisite. Older then anything I’ve ever seen in my life. In all my studies.”
“It’s the Prophecy,” chirped Reex. Her accent thick.
She seemed to be anxious, to tell all she could about the prophecy.
“What Prophecy?” I asked her. Ready to choke the life out of her if she refused to tell.
She laughed at me, “ Fable d’esprit, moron.”
“Little runt…I’ll…” my irritation was increasing. Awakening the all too quiet, Luken. Sebastian stepped in and quickly, I oppressed Luken. He lingered.
“Reex, how do we get in?”
Her eyes turned to thin lines, glaring at me, “He has to do it.” Chucking her chin.
Sebastian quickly asked the question we all were asking, “What do you mean?”
She shrugged her shoulders, “It’s the order of The Society. They want to see him work.”
I couldn’t react, work? “What do they want me to do?” I asked.
“Are you really that stupid? Just do what you do, and open the door,” Reex snapped.
“Just open the door?” I repeated talking to myself. I did sound like an idiot. I was pretty sure she wanted say something, that would make me want me knock her head off her shoulders.
I stepped to the door, through Ivy and Sebastian.
From top to bottom, I scanned the door. Squinting, to see the elaborate detail. It was familiar to me. Though, I’d never been here before. I’d never been here before. The unicorns, twisting and writhing, attacking the dragons, who’s claws, tore into the unicorns.
Amongst the twisted creatures, fighting along side the unicorns and dragons. Were mortal men. Carrying swords, bows and arrows. On the opposite side, there were different creatures. Some, that looked like men with large veiny wings. There were Wolves, standing upright, with teeth long and jagged. A mirror image of the other door. Chosen sides. Good and evil.
Monstrous clouds loomed above the battle, feathered wings protruding from them. more men with swords, spears and shields. These men, were not participating in this battle. They watched and waited. Their stares focused onto the breaking clouds. A few straight lines beaming down, amongst the creatures. Meant to represent the suns rays, onto the battlefield.
“What are you waiting for?” Barked Reex. She was getting pushy.
I was astonished with the workmanship. Repeating Ivy’s admiration. I reached out, to touch the door. Running my fingers against the cold onyx. Life like and flawless.
“It’s beautiful,” I said. There weren’t to many words that could describe it. The one I chose, didn’t do it justice.
“Isn’t it?” I heard Ivy say. I smiled at her and she smiled back.
“I think this is where it begins,” she whispered. “Perish, we may not all understand what our journey is. Or what battles we have to fight. Even what side to choose. But we all have the choice to do so.” There was a twinkle of admiration and trust in her eyes. It eased me, reassured me, “Just so you know. I’ve been taught to forgive. Perish, I forgive you.”
I looked away from her mortal eyes. Everything that made Ivy, made her who she was, made her what she was. Taken away by me. And here, she tells me, she forgives me. At that moment there was a shift. Everyone that stood in the light of the torches, in the dust of the cavern. They all were their focus on me. Willing me, to find the ability to open the door. To have the strength, to come face to face with the Society.
Placing both hands onto the stone. It lived and breathed history. Suddenly, the telling of the Prophecy, was making itself known to me. Slipping into my thoughts. I closed my eyes to focus on what it was trying to say to me, I reached for it.
I became a witness to a battle. Standing on high jagged cliffs, a sword and shield in my hand. Watching, as Sebastian and others of our Breed, fought along side the mortals. Against demons, men and more of our kind. As the battle took place, amongst the remains of a fallen city. On cracked streets, under the dark skies. Overhead, the battle raged as well.
In the distance, I could see the swirling of dark clouds. From the center, a beam of light shooting downward. Soldiers, with enormous wings and shields, waiting, silently for the command to descend, on those below. They waited and the battle went on. Swords, meeting with sparks of steel, chopping away. Immortal, Vampire, Wolf and man fell, wounded or dead, side by side.
“I don’t understand,” I said. The vision fading away.
There was a great power, that overwhelmed me. Similar to what I felt, when I was near Rose. Electricity, pushing through my arms and legs. The markings, cut into my arms, burning bright, without the excruciating pain. Envisioning the great door opening, in my mind. It was heavy. Too much, for ten mortals to try and open. Positioning my feet, I dug them deep into the dirt. Leaning my shoulder into the Onyx. I braced for a massive push. Before I could, I felt the electricity expand, blanketing me. The vibration rumbling through my body.
Wait. I heard her say. Rose, standing closer then she’d ever, been willing to. I want to help.
Help? My mouth wouldn’t open to refuse her. My thoughts were frozen, when she took my hands, from the carving. I was locked in her eyes, looking up at me. She slipped a heart shaped key, into my hand. Tilting my head to the side, unable, or unwilling, to ask her what it meant. I’d seen this key before, in the vision. Around her neck, when Roses smile remained unchanged, as it created a noose around her neck.
I’ve always worn this to remind me of what could happen. You know…hope. It gave me a sort of strength, to believe in myself. It’s stupid, but it helps…sometimes.
It was stupid. But I knew now, that merely pushing the door with strength, wasn’t the way to open it. I acknowledged her words. And hoped that I did understand. I put the charm into my pocket, with the journal.
It was easier than I thought it would be, to get to open. Commanding it. Having the power come from within myself. To tell it a simple word, was all that was needed.
Open! I commanded silently. Repeating it, just in case.
The dirt stirred up, and the door whined and groaned, at being asked to do as it was told. An old man, that hadn’t been awaked for centuries. The stench of dusty flesh, escaping from inside. Wailing for freedom, escaping its captivity. Blanketing us, in a dust cloud tsunami.
When it cleared, I checked on the others. Poppy was protecting Ivy, while Reex and Mylo were crotched, close to the ground. From the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of Rose, emerging from under Sebastian. He’d shielded her. I felt my teeth grinding, watching her thank him with a smile. Unsure, why I reacted that way, quickly dismissed it and turned my back to them. Bringing my attention the onyx path ahead. The old door had graciously exposed it for us. Surely, I’d revealed something, and now this black reflective surface would lead us to the Society, inside. 
It was untouched, devoid of dirt or any indication that others had passed through before us. Reex and Mylo, took their positions, leading us through another torch lit hall. Higher on the arches of the hall, dangled more, enormous sconces of fire. Making it brighter, than what I was accustomed to. Upon entering, the women checked and double checked each other, making sure they were okay. Sebastian, asking Ivy if she was doing okay, then cordially, questioned Rose. Who nodded gratefully.
I grumbled to myself, annoyed, So what!
Knowing, he was being hospitable. Unable to shake the thought, that I should have protected her. Be the one to ask her, if she was okay. I could have, I was being prideful and well, Sebastian got there first. I shrugged away the annoyance and followed at the back of the group. Last in line.
Inside, the walls had paintings, almost identical to the door, I opened. Covered from top to bottom. The depiction of the battle and the Prophecy. Much more detailed. Something like the Egyptians and the hieroglyphics. This was how, the Breeds kept their records. Spanning the length of the great hallway. Symbols, I didn’t recognize, knowing that I’d seen them before. I tried to decipher them.
One image in particular, seemed to repeat itself. A pale man, dressed in dark garb, seemed to be that of a vampire. He walked through the twist and turns, of time. Alone. The images tapered, becoming modern. Even in the technique of the artist, or artists. And the man became a more, detailed figure. His fang, were always there, as well as the paleness of its skin. The detail, so fine. A portrait of one that I didn’t know. I stared at its black eyes as they followed me. Still alive?
*~*~*
Chapter 22-Pieces Come Together
Once inside, the dynamics changed. Reex and Mylo disappeared, to their respective corners. And directly in front of us. Behind a crescent shaped table, perched high, sat the Seven. Watching the five of us. Waiting for any twitch, any sign, that would give them a since of what I was. This was the first time, they’d encountered me. I was just as curious about them as they were about me. I was the one that was not born of the fang, even born of the socialite. Unnatural in their eyes. Able to make this child, one of us. Even more forbidden than the Immortal.
Poppy, was the only one allowed to stand by my side. The others were instructed to stand off nearer to the door, guarded by a Wolf. Benjamin didn’t greet me. I expected that. Whatever his place in this was, he was being cautious. I nodded to him, respectfully. He did the same. In someway, he must have felt, that this was going to happen. I knew he had to. Still, I couldn’t be sure what part he played.
“Perish,” hearing my named called, I looked up. From the farthest of the Seven, seated above. I was met by a crooked smile, sprawled across a thin, sunken face. Skin so thin, I could see the blue of his blood. He was O negative.
“Yes?” I answered.
“You know, that you have committed a great act, against our law?” He said, his fangs were decayed and yellowed.
“I know of this.” I replied.
“Then what is it, that you have to say, that will spare this child from death?”
Ivy and Rose gasped, it could be heard echoing the great hall. Their pain could be felt. I fought the urge to turn, tell them to calm themselves. Sebastian was there, and aided in composing themselves. Ivy desperately held onto his arm, for support. Rose prayed silently. They were echoing in my head.
“It is a crime,” I began. “Yes, I did this to her. I have no excuse but one, which I say is true.”
“Oh do you? Then lets hear it. But we must warn you, that it is no guarantee of life, for your little Pet.”
I nodded, always annoyed at that, word.
“The night that Poppy ‘came over’, I was, well…not myself.”
There was a unanimous scoff, that went around, from the Seven. Even Benjamin seemed to be laughing.
“Not…yourself? Are you mocking us Perish? We already know what you are. We know that you are not, really, one of the breed.”
I began to grind my teeth, holding Luken in. I didn’t need to hear his voice, to know that he was getting irritated at their comments. Even if he hated me. They were referring to him too.
“I understand. But I speak the truth. What reason do I have to lie? I am…at least, I think, I’m…insane.”
This time there was no laughing, or chuckling. They were listening. A new voice spoke up, from the opposite side of their perch.
“If this is the case, then you are even more dangerous then we thought.”
“I am. I don’t pretend I am not. But this is not the child’s fault. In the past days, she has shown that she has a natural taking to the venom.”
“If she is spared, what example can we make of her? Will it be allowed to change children? Perhaps, allow their maker to say that they are insane, as well?”
“I will take the responsibility for Poppy, as I have already. She will answer to me. I cannot say, that this will not happen again. But I can give my word, that it will not happen with me.”
Silence came over everyone. I could hear the pumping of Roses and Ivy’s hearts. And so could they. It was like bringing a feast, to the lions. The Vampires salivating and the Wolves, wishing they could partake.
Benjamin finally stepped in. Taking a place next to Poppy and I. Glancing at her and contemptuously, smiling at me.
“My Lord’s. The boy is still an experiment. He still has much to learn, as do we.”
Experiment? I thought.
I understood, that I was not like them. But being called, an ‘experiment’, never crossed my mind, not in a while anyway. Something changed in me, right away. A Wolf, from the middle of the table spoke up.
“This is your project Benjamin, and you allowed him to do as he wished. Why haven’t you regulated his actions?”
Benjamin bowed low. “Forgive me my lords. He’s been out of my sights, for two years, and has only returned. As well, he should have,” he turned to me. Ice white eyes mocking me. Cat like. HE was up to something.
“Tell us Benjamin, do you have a plan for him?”
He had me where he wanted me. I couldn’t go against the Society’s ruling.
“He must bring the Oracle,” he said, with a contrived glare toward me. “She has made contact with him.”
Both Poppy and I looked at Benjamin. How did he know of Oracle? I looked over my shoulder toward Rose. Was I wrong about not telling her. Hiding it from her, when I was with her?
How in the world? I was so careful not to give anything away.
Then I remembered the journal. If Rose did dream of the Oracle. Or whether, Oracle came to her. Rose had written it down. I grumbled under my breath, balled my fists. My nails digging into my palms. Cold, wet liquid oozed from them.
Sebastian was right. The Society knew of our connection. As well as Benjamin. They just didn’t know how. Oracle was the one that slipped up. She was the one that opened the door. I hadn’t read the journal yet, but I was sure that Rose mentioned our connection. How it felt, how we reacted to one another. Sato was in danger too, if Benjamin hadn’t already done, as she said he would. He allowed it. He knew it all along.
Luken was silent, but he was raging inside of me.
Hold on Luke, trying to clam him. He wanted the fight. He rushed me like the tide, pulling me under. Luke, was making himself known. I heard him mumbling words I could make out. Poppy called my name, as Sebastian came and dragged her away from my presence. Benjamin laughed, as my body folded over. I bared my fangs and growled. I could see the red headed Mylo, standing in front of me, yielding a double edged axe. Ready to swing it, lopping off my head, with the slightest signal from the Seven or Benjamin.
Then I heard Benjamin hissing some words, directed to the Seven, “He is insane. This is not what our nature is. He is a formidable beast. Quite a prize, my lords,” He explained, pleased with himself.
I reached inside myself and tried to control Luken. Luken was forcing me, to focus on a darker corner of the hall. I hadn’t noticed anyone there earlier. But there was someone watching, other than the Seven. No scent. Just observing.
I scoffed at them all. Starring down Mylo. Luken, poised to tear him to shreds. Calculating every move, before he made it. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Rose, struggling in her silence with Ivy. Trying to shed them. Trying to come to me.
Snarling at her, hoping it would get the message across. This was not the same as all the other times. Whenever Luken came through, I was shoved into some sort of time warp, in my memories. Not this time. I watched everything, through his eyes. Allowed it. Felt the anger and rage that held Luken in this existence. Sucking me in. He was stronger then before.
There were whispers of destruction and congratulations, to Benjamin. That I would be the first, of my kind. That they would benefit greatly with the mortals, to have beasts like me.
“This is what comes from royal blood, my lords,” said Benjamin, proudly.
I paced, while being kept at bay by Mylo.
There was no doubt I was upset, but Luken poisoned me.
“Royal blood you say?” Unanimously questioning, amongst themselves.
“Yes,” answered Benjamin. “The blood of Vampires, of all ages. Blue blood, o negative, including the one secret ingredient, that was graciously given to us, from a mortal who worships US, more than the one he’s made vows too. He wishes to remain anonymous.”
“A mortal? Betraying his beliefs…really? That’s quite intriguing. I hope you rewarded him greatly for this…secret. And by the way, what would this special piece of the puzzle be?”
Rose finally broke away from her sisters grasp. I snarled at her to keep her distance. Quickly stopping her in her stride. We could not communicate, as we’d done before. Luken had absolute control. It wasn’t needed, I could see that she was horrified. She pleaded with me, through her eyes.
Luken knew her. And was angered even more so. He hadn’t done away with her, the first time. I felt myself turning to face her. I could only watch, knowing that if I killed her, my shell of a body would too, again. And I couldn’t allow that.
Rose reached into her back pocket, pulling out a pencil that she used to write with. Lifting it into the air she closed her eyes. Opening her outstretched palm. Hoping that that this action would stop me. It never happened. Before she could plunge it into her hand, Rose was lifted off of her feet, into the air. Dangling, ten feet above me.
She screamed in silence. Her mouth wide open, void of audible pain. Her body flipped over and our eyes met. For a moment, I saw from the shadows, were the figure was watching. An outstretched hand. Knarled and twisted.
I was struggling desperately with Luken now. Trying to get back my control. Rose hung in mid air, like a rag doll, lifeless. Unable to say, that she was in pain or scared. It all happened so fast. Tears fell from her eyes and onto my skin. Her life was being sucked from her. And I somehow, positioned myself directly under her.
“PERISH! Help HER! Find Yourself, God Damn it!” Sebastian was struggling himself. He wanted to help me. But struggled with Ivy and Poppy. If he allowed them to go free, they too would be killed. If not by the Seven or the knarly hand being. It would be by my hands. There was nothing I could do. Luken once more, thrusted his sharp claws at her. Trying his hardest to tear her flesh. Raise any blood from her body.
The hand of the shadow closed, Rose’s body convulsed. Her brown eyes went cold. They remained open. Hanging there above me. I grasped at my own body. A sensation of warmth, blanketing me. Burning me from the inside, out. As if the sun, had just risen and was rising to its highest peak.
Luken cried out in agony. The Seven and Benjamin, watching as Rose and I suffered from unseen torture. Reacting the same. As stupid as it sounds. My life flashed, right in front of my eyes. Remembering the scent of Rose’s, cinnamon aroma and the warmth of her hand.
Why hadn’t I forced myself to understand better, what God was trying to explain? I felt my body giving away to the sucking feeling. Poppy screaming my name and Rose’s in the same sentence. Sebastian muttering for me to get up. Ivy weeping, as if Rose were dead. Slowly I’d given in and lay down on the welcoming onyx floor. Cold, hard stone.
This was what it was to die?
At least for me. It was darkness. Which meant that Rose must be…deceased. So easy. Luken subsided, I was left to lay with the fear and sadness that Rose felt, before she was taken. What was she hoping would happen, if she did plunge that pencil into her palm? It would have been fatal. Luken and I would be hard to stop, if he smelled her blood. But the shadow, he was more powerful.
I starred up at Rose, still hanging with her eyes, wide open. Watching me go. My arm extended towards her. She didn’t reach back.
Grey.
My arm dropped.
Black.
In and out. Everything around me disappeared. Except the high pitched ringing. And a bright light flashing. I didn’t know where it came from, it was so bright. All I could do was wait for the darkness to end it. And I wouldn’t exist anymore.
I saw the gentle features of the God Child, peering down on me. He smiled, then looked up to see Rose himself. Reaching up, touching her forehead, with a tiny finger. Then pulled on her arm. Safely, bringing her down. Sebastian appeared, cradling her in his arms and carrying her out of my sight.
“Perish,” the God Childs musical voice whispered. “Get up, I thought you would be more prepared than this,” sweetly laughing.
My voice cracking, “Is she dead?”
“No, she was stunned, deeply. And so were you.”
Dizzy, with lack of energy. I sat up and looked around the meeting hall. The society remained, with mouths gaping, in awe. The shadow, that held his control, was no longer there. Benjamin and Mylo, were just as stunned, standing there, dumbfounded.
Sebastian and the others, were already gone, safe.
Struggling to get to my feet. Grimacing from the pain. The God Child, slipped his hand into mine. I could see his faint features as he looked at each member, perched high. He knew them all.
“For all of you here,” He began to speak. As if he was singing, “Let it be known, that I am your creator, you have left me disappointed. This was NOT, the reason for your creation, why I decided, to let you remain on this land. Your kinds have created a being, that you cannot control. Because you dabbled with something, you never fully understood. Life and the living. And so, you have used the blood of the royals, including my own Son. This is what has come of it.” Gesturing at me to come and stand next to him. “He, is the only one of his kind and he, IS mine.”
He looked at me, sympathetically. He was glad to tell me. But in the same instance, he still looked at me, as a pathetic creature. 
He continued, “All prophecies are the same. You know this. And because of this show of power. The war is inevitable. Your actions have accelerated the process. And the war will happen, sooner then expected.”
There was grumbling and whispers. Benjamin was silent, arms crossed. A younger Vampire stood up, “Lord, we only did what we did, to survive.”
“Did you Martin? Then why do they fear your kind? Why do you come to them as nightmares? You were supposed to protect them, watch over them, so that the things, that you’ve allowed in this castle, wouldn’t bring them harm. You have all forgotten,” he was angry, his voice boomed as a mans would, in a small body. “And you have turned your back on me. Innocence, is being compromised. And so I end with this. Benjamin. You most of all, as an Immortal, should have known better. You follow in the same path, as your forefathers. The line has been drawn in the sand. Your presence, is no longer wanted in castle Freedom.”
Benjamin’s eyes nearly popped out of his head.
“What does this mean my lord?” Martin asked. Trembling.
“This goes for all here. Perish too. I will come again, in a years time. If you have not come to the realization, that you are to do what I ask. Then there will be war. Perish has just as long, to find more that will fight the demons. They are clawing at these doors. Eager to get in. How long, do you think Lucifer will wait? Not much longer.”
“What of us, my Lord?” Martin asked.
“I know that in you, there is loyalty to me. There are some of you, that no longer hold that belief. I can’t interfere in that. It is up to you. You have a choice too. You are all very wise. Just deceived. The castle will need leaders, like you. Learn from this and seek me again. Guard the mortals from the demons. They are multiplying, looking to take over.”
They all nodded, in agreement. Ready to be given the tasks, that their grandfathers had told them about.
“Very well, my lord. We will do as you command,” and they got up from their high perch and disappeared into the darkness, of the hall. Leaving the child and I alone.
I was shocked to know, that I carried the blood of this being. It was frightening, actually. What was I supposed to do now. I fell to my knees, at his feet.
“Father?” How easy, the word flowed from me.
He patted my head, “My dearest Perish. I have plans for you. You have much more to learn, in order to do what I have planned for you,” he knelt down in front of me. Lifting my chin, to meet his eyes. Swirling colors, exactly like mine. Why hadn’t I seen it before?
“How do I know, what it is you want me to learn? How am I supposed to learn in a year?”
He giggled, childlike innocence. “I had to give them something to be afraid of. Not to rush them, or anything. But I needed to light the bush on fire, so to speak,” He laughed again. “But…” His eyes began to tear up, “The mortals are sitting ducks and it will happen. The Prophecy is very close to being fulfilled. Look at you. The son, the chosen one has come.”
He pulled me up and gripped my hand in his. “You are never going to make it into Heaven, my fallen son. Your kind has never had a place there. In the end, you will be the only one to decide, redemption or sacrifice.” He turned and began to walk away. Dissolving. To watch us, in his Kingdom.
“I will need to retrieve Oracle. She is in danger isn’t she?” Quickly I asked.
He nodded. “Lucifer knows of her. She’s made herself vulnerable, by doing what she did, to bring you to her. If she becomes possessed, he will know all and use her. She hasn’t reached her full potential either. She still has to learn a lot.”
“I see.”
Slipping his hand from mine, he dissolved into the darkness. Leaving me alone.
“Learn what you can. When your ready, I’ll return. I will be watching you, dearest Perish,” I was alone with the coveted silence.
What was to become of Benjamin? I thought.
He was used and then tossed to, whatever was waiting for him, out there. He surely, had followers that would not heed my fathers warnings.
Aches and pains, moved around my body. It must have been Rose, in pain as she woke up from her mini coma. I saw clearly the thoughts of Poppy. She was draining the pain, sucking Roses energy, so that she would rest easier. Evie, generously, mixed an elixir, that would help with the pain. The faint feeling of relief, came from Ivy. Letting me know, that Rose needed only to rest. She was grateful, that Poppy would live.
As I passed through the great door, the carvings seemed to move. Shifting, watching me, as I left the onyx hall. Its image, was burned into my memory. I would remember somehow, how I knew of this place and the word to open it.
Sebastian met me at the top of the spiraling staircase. Coolly leaning against it.
He sighed in relief, “I was wondering if you made it?”
“You doubted me?” I chuckled sarcastically, knowing the truth was, I nearly didn’t.
“How’s your father?” Sebastian asked. It was useless to try and keep private matters, private. Of course he would know. As far as the journal. It couldn’t be helped. Rose didn’t know anything about it, only did as she‘d always done.
“Can we keep that to ourselves?” I asked, quietly. “If it gets around…I don’t think I could keep being myself.”
He chuckled, “What is ‘yourself’ anyway? When you changed in there. It was like Dr. Jekyll and Mr., what’s his name. Its happened, too many times. You can’t control it, can you? Even with the richest blood in you…somewhere?”
“I don’t get it either. Your right, I can’t…control him. I don’t know how to describe it either. Other than insanity.”
We grew silent after that. Wanting to ask him one question. Sebastian itching to tell me.
“Um…I talked the girls, into staying in my room. They wanted to stay with her, but I figured, you needed to be with her tonight.”
I opened my mouth to defend myself, hesitating. I needed to know she was okay, since I’d lost her in the hall. And because I needed to leave in the morning for Japan, to retrieve the Oracle, Sato-san. I couldn’t leave without knowing for myself, that Rose would be safe without me.
Sebastian and I reached my room, relived. My hand gripped the door knob. I forced myself to push it open, careful not to make a sound. Turning back, I silently thanked Sebastian for watching her.
“I’ve seen what happened, in the hall. It confirmed, what I thought was happening to the both of you. It wasn’t just for you, it was for her too. I think this is a journey, we will all need to learn from. Good night Perish,” he cordially nodded and I watched, while his shoulders and silver hair, became nothing more, than a shadow in the hall.
There was a weight lifted from the castle. It wasn’t like it was before. Manipulated. It was more, like an understanding. I felt it, breathing a sigh of relief.
I saw that Rose was sleeping soundly, when I walked in.
Was this going to be an everyday occurrence? I hoped not. Most of the suffering she went through, was because of me. Evie must have set water on a table next to the fire place. I assumed she was well enough to sit, for a while. Nothing was coming from her thoughts, just scattered dreams. An effect of the elixir.
I found myself standing near the bed. I could have watched her all night. It was still early in the evening, the moon was new. So there wasn’t any light reflecting through the curtains. The fireplace roared lightly. All was clam. I pulled the stepping stool, from under its hiding place. Positioning it, at the side of the bed. Leaning on folded arms, I rested on the soft bed. I’d lost a lot of strength too.
Rose was breathing steadily, she turned her head, exposing her life line. I swallowed. As tempting as it was, I could not. Her aroma filled my nose, instead. But my body groaned with hunger. Ignoring it, I watched the steady pulse and counted them. I thought of her, with the pencil. About to plunge it into her palm, an attempt to break me away from Luken. My lips curled, into a frown.
“Why would you do that?” I whispered. “Never sacrifice for me again, I’m already a dead man.”
My thoughts began to wander, and my hunger climbed, my energy level dropped.
Tempting the need to bleed her. I reached out, tracing her pulse lightly with my fingertips. I only wanted to get closer, but I didn’t want to tempt the hunger. I inhaled the cinnamon. Barely touching the curve, where her shoulder, neck and chin connected. Risking further temptation, I leaned in closer to her neck. Then with the slightest touch of my lips, I felt her warmth and pulse.
“What are you doing to me?” The words, escaped my lips. Half whining, half pleasure.
Softly, her muted thoughts called my name, Perish. The touch of her fingers, traced my cheek, finding my lips. She explored my face gently. Twisting her fingers into my hair. She pulled me closer.
There was a knock on the door. My eyes flew open. I hadn’t moved from the stool. My arms were still folded on the bed, when I looked over at Rose. Her back was toward me. Both relieved and disturbed, that I was dreaming. Or maybe she was dreaming. One of us dreaming of this.
Two more raps on the door. Evie came back, to make sure I was still here. When I stood up, the aches and pains seemed to have disappear. I opened the door, the dream still fresh on my mind.
“I wanted to check to see if you needed anything,” She said, trembling. Relieved, that I was okay.
“I’m fine,” I reassured her. Evie peaked behind me and saw Rose sleeping. She deserved some praise. She’s behaving, in this hard time. “Thank you for helping. It means a lot to me.”
She nodded, a little disappointed. Obviously pained, that Rose was still in my room and in my bed. She turned to leave, hesitated, then walked through the darkness.
Closing the door, I decided it would be best for me to sleep in the Shadow Room. I found a pair of sweat pants and changed quickly in the room of books. The journal and pendant, thrown to the floor. Picking it up, I thumbed through the pages, finding the last entry. I didn’t want to read her personal thoughts. But a drawing of two dark figures, face to face. One taller than the other. With the words, he doesn’t remember, as the caption.
I leaned back, deep into the chair. Finding myself wanting to be next to her. I lifted the pendant up and let it twist in circles. A small skeleton key, with a heart formed on the top.
“Key to your heart? No one will have it. No one has it…but me.”
Excerpt from ‘Perish: Book 2: Blood for Roses’

On my arrival in Japan, I was met by three young men. I could smell what they were. Two, were Vampire, one was Immortal. It was obvious, that the Immortal was the one in charge. In charge of meeting with me. He was very much like Sebastian. It was almost scary, how similar his thoughts were to his.
Sasaki Junichi. That’s what, I suppose his name was. This wasn’t what I was expecting. There wasn’t any mention of this from Sato-san, in Rose’s journal. I almost turned and walked the other way.
Since the beginning, I’d had this inability, to tap into my abilities, correctly or easily. I should have already known, something was waiting. Or someone was waiting. But of course, I wouldn’t. And again the fault of being a genetically cloned Vampire, only recently discovering, that I was stitched together, with the threads of Holy Blood. Cursed with a possible possession, named Luken. Not to mention, that being as I am, a Vampire. My life lies in the hands of a mute, mortal woman. And hers, in my cold dead ones. How utterly ironic.
Sasaki-kun, was a smooth character, with cat like eyes. White as diamonds. They were just as any other Immortal. Except, Sasaki, has raven black hair. He approached, half smiling, I guess you could say. Maybe more of a smirk, now that I think about it. He spoke to me comfortably in his native tongue.
“So, you’ve returned home?” He asked.
‘Returned’, there was always that assumption, wherever I went. How come everyone else, knew exactly who I was and I still didn’t? I decided I would play along this time. I wasn’t in San Francisco anymore. And this was the first time I’d met ‘others’, of the Breed, outside of Freedom.
“Return.” I repeated. The words flowing fluently out of my mouth, as they had with Sato-san. “Returned to what?”
“Humph. I guess it is true about your memory, not being what it was,” he said sarcastically.
I cocked my head to the side. “Do you know me?”
“I do. It’s a shame, that you don’t remember. But I’m sure you will, in time.”
“I guess I should ask what your doing here?”
The other two, snickered behind him. He leaned in closer to me.
“It’s known, why you’ve come home. The Oracle.”
Of course, again, I should have known. It would be stupid of me, to think I was the only one, who would know of Oracle. Especially, in her own backyard.
“So what? What’s that got to do with you?” I asked, my suspicions rising. Had something happened to Sato?
The air was growing thick and the two Vampires, were closing the gap between us. Their scent was of youth and wildness, and something else. They were new, at what they were. But there was something not quite right with their eyes. Bright and beautiful, with a cloudiness to them. And although they seemed to be Vampire, they weren’t.
Sasaki merely sneered. I determined that he was normal, as normal as an Immortal can get.
“What are they?” Thrusting my chin in the ‘*Newfangles’ direction.
“What do you mean?” Sasaki answered, contemptuously.
I imagined the words he was saying, visualized them in his native tongue. He wanted them to hit its marks. To sound as condescending as they were meant to be. I didn’t answer. I gave him my best, disdainful expression. Straightening myself and looking down on him with my eyes.
“How come no ones told me about you…and these?” I asked, slightly disgusted.
“We are well known. And you did, know of us at one time. So, I wouldn’t react, as if we are a new discovery. It’s quite a respected act. Your ‘Society’ has respected us and our ways for as long as I’ve been in existence. As long as Benjamin…as well. Maybe longer. In return, we respect your Societies wishes and keep our traditions here, in Japan.”
Sasaki, vaguely explained an answer to my inquiry. I turned, suspiciously eyeing him. Because even though he acted as if he was ‘one of them’. He didn’t stink like they did. It seeped through their skin. Stale blood. Only it wasn’t mortal, it was the stench that I recognized. It was Vampire, but it not with the sweet smells and undertone. The two, took of their own kind. They drank the blood of their brothers and sisters, and bled them dry.
* Newfangles: New and strange beings. Mainly new Vampires, Werewolves and Immortals. Just turned or crossed over. 
###
About the Author
Desiree Galavez, born April 22, 1979. Inspired by Japanese Manga, Anime and complex stories. She hopes to inspire others. Since a child she has drawn and written short stories for her parents.
Top
