
Plots and Intrigues
a Realms and Shadows story
By 
Andrew Clegg 
and 
Matthew Kimball



This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this work are either products of the authors’ imaginations or are used fictitiously. 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be distributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase additional copy for each recipient. If your reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

Plots and Intrigues 

Realms & Shadows

Copyright 2018 by The Scribe Vault

All rights reserved

A ‘The Scribe Vault’ book
Published by The Scribe Vault


Published in the United States of America 
 

Realms & Shadows
War looms like a shroud over the great nations of Aviendora and the Land of the Farstriders. Greed, the center point of most contentions, lies like a plague within the hearts of both nations. The lands of Moraedo, vast swathes of rolling hills and verdant fields that separate these two giants, is claimed by both. 
Aviendora, a proud and hearty nation under the belief that it has been marked by divine providence, has established shepherd cities and farmsteads within Moraedo’s lush fields. Its aristocracy, the noble Astrael a majestic race of winged men and women, have ordained expansion for the nation. Using their technological wonders, airships have allowed for rapid settlement upon Moraedo’s fertile landscape.  
The Land of the Farstriders claimed Moraedo as its own centuries ago. Though a seafaring people, the nation instantly saw it for the untapped riches that it represented. The Farstriders colonization although limited over the centuries does not negate its ownership of the contested land. Janis Farstrider leader of the nation and lord of ships has decreed that none shall impugn the nation’s legal rights and authority. 
Peacemakers work diligently on both sides to prevent an escalation of animosities. Many fear it is a slow inexorable grind toward war, however, for both countries have cultural schisms that seem to antagonize and enflame the other. The longer the ambassadors debate the more frequent hostile and violent contacts erupt. Time is the greatest enemy of these twin giants, and it is running out; soon there will be only war.

Plots and Intrigues

“Search them.” The dark eyes scrutinized the meager wagon train with cold interest. “Search them well and thoroughly.” 
“Constable, is it really necessary?” The Query came from a sun-weathered man lounging on the seat of the first wagon, faded crimson long coat once fine hung wide as he fanned himself with a long brimmed hat. 
“Dangerous times Tarryl, and you know I’m no constable.” The barrel chested senior guardsman growled humorlessly jerking the small cadre of armed men forward with an impatient wave of his arm. Like insects they swarmed down upon the wagon train: prodding, moving, shifting, searching every nook and space. 
“This much attention? If I didn’t know you better I’d think you didn’t like me.” Tarryl smiled, amusement playing at the edges. 
The Senior Guardsman grimaced at the remark but kept his gaze on his men and their search. They were a model of efficiency, resplendent in the bright sapphire and emeralds of the Shepherd city uniform colors. The half dozen fat wagons were ladened down with boxes, crates, and casks. Each was systematically being taken apart. Every bit of cargo removed and verified against invoices. The wagons themselves checked and double checked for hidden compartments or smuggling rigs. 
“Prudence is one thing, Allon, but this is getting ridiculous.” Tarryl waved his hat in frustration, as he was escorted from his seat to line up along the stone walk with his drivers. “It’s too hot for prejudices.” 
“Prejudices, Darryl.” Allon’s voice was cold; his gaze did not even flicker to the man, staying unwavering on the process before him. “This is duty. It would be unconscionable in times like these when raiders have burned homesteads and increasingly attacked caravans to not do all within my power to protect this city. And if that means making a Farstrider stand in the heat a little while longer to ensure his cargo is safe, then, I will do my duty.” 
“My error, prejudice plays no part at all,” Tarryl muttered dryly slapping his hat back on his head. Allon reacted not at all, his gaze following the slow progress of his men as they worked. 
Tarryl sighed, not for the first time, his gaze sliding over the walls of Brionne, their looming presence an arms length from him. They were a broad stone barricade shining brilliantly white in the sun. Their face brushed clean of dirt and grime weekly by the sweeps guild. Tarryl found the idea amusing. Leave it to the Astrael to clean the walls, as if dust and storm would not come again. 
But that was the greatest definition of the Aviendoran state as he saw it. Everything had its purpose and its place as did every one. The culture strived to be the perfect reflection of what the Astrael claimed society should be. Walls if designed to be a certain way would be a certain way; neither entropy, elements, nor man would deter its intended purpose. 
Even Allon mirrored that philosophy he supposed. Allon was many things, most Tarryl found distasteful. He was broad of shoulder and thick of limb, his mind was brutish and singular in nature. This gave him strength and single minded efficiency. Just what one might expect in a soldier, or need. Allon had found his perfect job, or rather it was found for him. 
As Tarryl understood things apprenticeships were come upon at an early age and could be given and administered by the state. What would a father back home say to that, or worse a mother? They would tongue lash the poor fool who even brought up the idea near enough to seek the hag witches for relief. 
“Welcome to Brionne, Tarryl.” The Senior Guardsman grunted breaking Tarryl from his contemplation. “You know the rules well enough. Don’t give the city purpose to confiscate any goods or arrest any persons. See the tariff officials before the day is done.” 
“Of course good constable,” The merchant smiled broadly in exaggerated good humor “And thank you, it’s always a pleasure when I start my time in Brionne with your smiling face.” 
#
The yard bustled, filled with the sound of twenty men, unloading large casks from the back of wagons. As was often the case with men doing menial work, they grumbled and complained. The life of a Wagoner could be hard, and as often as not, the men did their best to do nothing.
In the center of the yard paced a stern-faced man. He walked with the rolling gate of one used to the sway of the deck in open water.  It was peculiar to have such a man this many leagues from the ocean, especially in an Aviendoran city.
“Put yer backs into it ye bilge rats. You will not be paid until all the work is done.” Jorst brooked no foolishness from mainlanders.  “No, do not put the casks in the front of the warehouse. The ocean preserve me. How many times do I have to tell you, stack them against the back wall.”
Jorst stared daggers at a group of men lounging beside the water cask, his one good eye baleful and cold, his other glazed and unblinking due to an ugly scar from brow to jaw line. The weathered mariner had received the disfiguring mark in one of the numerous raids he participated in while pirating in the seas of the Ten Kingdoms. It was hard earned, and he used it to full effect. The men averted their gaze. Many a hard man could not fully stare him in the face. It was disquieting. The men quickly went back to their work.
The warehouse was a simple structure, large but of shoddy construction. It was an eyesore to the residents of Brionne, but so were all of the structures on the west side of the city called Far-town by the local population. The area of the City was inhabited by traders, craftsman, and the more adventurous of these native lands, but mostly Farstriders. With its non-uniform construction, most of the Aviendora population stayed away unless they had business that needed attending to.
The warehouse was built near the western gate, with its back wall sharing one with the outer wall. It was three stories tall, and was constructed of a mismatch of wood and timber, as if it were a patchwork quilt. This was considered unusual by the Aviendoran population, but again considering who owned the building, it was overlooked as a cultural peculiarity.
Jorst knew this particular warehouse was new, having been constructed within the last half a year. The quality of construction was of little consequence, location was paramount. Originally, this was the location of one of the rowdier taverns frequented by the less than desireable. One night, a brawl broke out and within the chaos the tavern burned to the ground. Jorst smiled at the memory. 
A crash snapped him from his revery and drew the attention of everyone in the yard. Two large casks had slammed together and dropped to the hard packed earth. Luck or quality of craftsmanship saved them from breaking. A tall man in fine clothing of silks strode purposefully into the yard and almost went unnoticed. 
His trousers were loose around the legs to allow free motion and tucked within polished boots. His shirt was tight across the chest but ballooned at the sleeves allowing little constraint there as well. His face contained no excess however. It was lean and hard with a seemingly perpetual frown.
“Careful you idiots!” he roared with a voice filled with the authority of command. “That brandy is worth more than you.” Marsters stared at the workmen, disgust plain on his face. “The ocean take me.  If you damage those casks, I will take it out of your hides.” 
Marsters observed the lack of enthusiasm of the workmen. Only a quarter of the casks had been unloaded, and the sun was already past the midday. This task was one of many that needed to be completed before the end of the day. He had more important things to be about this day and was angered that he had to deal with the simple task of unloading carts.
With his distaste plain Marsters turned his gaze on Jorst. “Fix this. You assured me these men were reliable”. Looking towards the sky, he grumbled, “It’s what I get for hiring land dwellers. Give me open water and a crew any day.”
Jorst flinched under Marsters stern gaze. “Aye, aye, sir. It won’t happen again”. He swallowed hard. “I will talk to them. No need to worry,” he stammered.
“Be about it then man,” Marsters grumbled. “You know what needs to be done. Do not let the fact that you only have one eye get in the way of your job. It would be a shame to lose the use of the other,” he said with a meaningful glare. 
“Yes… yes, sir,” Jorst stammered, noticeably paling. “I understand.” He knew Marsters temperament to well. 
Marsters watched with obvious impatience as the workmen continued about their business. Jorst strode quickly to the men who caused the accident. With a strong voice, developed from years as a Boson, he took the men to task, “You curs best be more diligent or I’ll lash the flesh from your hide. Have you ever felt the bite of the whip? In a practiced hand it can flay the skin better than any knife, and I assure you, my hand is well skilled!” With Jorst’s threats, the men began to take more care with the casks. Jorst could not help but glance furtively Masters way as the work continued. Seemingly mollified Marsters began to make his rounds.
#
Marsters reflected on Jorst’s service. He was an able First Mate, but a terrible foreman. Once again, Marsters regretted the circumstances that lost him his command, his ship and subsequent banishment to land. Damn the Farstrider line and damn their strange ideas. How he dreamed of the day he could exact his revenge. 
Smuggling had been a time-honored tradition with the Masters for generations. Even Farstrider participated in the activity as it was a custom passed down since Farstrider’s namesake founded the land. Of course not all smuggling was outlawed. What was outlawed though, was smuggling weapons within the Farstrider borders. It was considered acceptable to any of the Ten Kingdoms but having in your possession an unauthorized shipment within the Land was against the rules of the Land. And smuggle within the border Marsters did. It mattered not that most Masters smuggled arms as well, but unfortunately for the former Master he was caught. Marsters could have lost his life for his transgressions, but due to past service of his family to the Farstriders, he lost his ship, his title, and his honor.
Shaking himself out of his revelry, Marsters returned his attention to the unloading of his brandy. Thirty casks now lined the back wall of the warehouse. Each cask was large, and with one hundred, would supply the transient Farstrider population with their favorite libation for the next six months. A similar order was brought in a month ago and was situated in a similar warehouse south of where Marsters stood.
After another hour observing the unloading, it was completed. In Marsters former life as a Master, he would stand on the deck for hours ensuring that all was according to his liking. A glance in his direction, and a look to his hard face ensured that all were doing their jobs. Few had ever had a tongue lashing from Marsters, and all would go out of their way to not receive one.
Satisfied that all was in place, Marsters dismissed the workmen, freshly paid for their efforts. Most would spend their coin in one of the rundown taverns specializing in watered down drink and other means to remove the coppers they just earned. Until very recently, Martsters had owned a few such establishment himself.  
“Jorst, ready the horses. We ride for the Manor.” The Manor was a modest inn by Farstrider standards, but large for Fartown. It was situated at the north end of the ramshackle quadrant, in an area that contained more permanent Farstrider residents and shops. It had a cleaner look and more civil atmosphere than the seedier taverns and inns of the western end of Fartown.
# 
Adrik sighed, his grey eyes moving slowly across the thick unfurled vellum sprawled out before him. He was a broad shouldered golden haired man sculpted with hard angles in cheek and chin. His sapphire coat’s silver buttons shone in the candle light, slight embroidery at sleeves and collar. It was a constable’s uniform void of the rank striping that of Castellan of which he deserved. Rank mattered little to him, duty and his wife, which was in many ways the same thing, were what mattered.
He grimaced, there was something he was missing. his frown deepened as he glided his finger across road sigils and geographical indicators. It wasn't his desk that supported the broad heavy regional map he scrutinized. The desk with its rich carved mahogany frame like liquid caramel was a reflection of station, but not his. Nor was this even his office with its mosaic of colored tapestries and large plush chairs, but it was where he worked when his superior gave him leave, which was most of the time.
“What are you missing?” he muttered under his breath. Raiders and bandits, they weren’t a new problem; they weren't a more insistent problem. But they were a different problem. How were they different? he didn’t know. What was it that disturbed him so about the reports of the last few weeks? what was it that was different? It was an itch just between the shoulder blades; an itch he could not scratch, and it was driving him mad. Mad with frustration and a longing to know what caused that itch.
“Still looking for wisps and grunkins?” came the jovial chuckle as Warden Stallward burst in grinning. 
Adrik started at the interruption then quickly nodded, “Yes, lord,” A grimace broke his face as he looked to the map again.
“And so grim about it too I see.” Stallward was a thick limbed man his green and blue slashed uniform jacket left hanging giving his ample belly space to define itself. The slashes were a pageant of stripes, a reflection of his rank as Warden of the Watch. “You’re too young to be so serious, officer or not.” 
“Well, one of us needs be serious at least sometime.” Adrik smiled back. He knew the words were false; Stallward was an old campaigner. He had been all too serious too often in his life. When he was allowed to not be, well, that was a luxury that he adamantly swore to enjoy. 
“That’s true, but look at yourself. You are serious enough for the both of us all the time. Surely you could stand to be a little bit less so, after all you have a new bride at home. For her sake go buy yourself a smile and wear it now and again.” The old man’s eyes twinkled with mirth. 
Adrik could argue little with that. Ellayne deserved him without his troubles. She deserved everything. What did she see in him he didn’t know. He was tall, his skin and hair fair. Girls he supposed like that. Ellayne had told him he was rather striking when in full uniform, silver buttons shining the blues and greens of rank splayed across his chest. He scrubbed at the solid blue jacket unconsciously as he thought of it. She always liked him showing his station. He deserved the slashes she would say even if he cared not to wear them. She did have eccentric notions sometimes though. She always thought he could use a bit more lace around the cuffs and neck. What a ridiculous notion, a Farstrider notion he suspected but the idea, lace. 
But despite what she said he was military, and worse, second to the stewards own general, Warden Stallward. What kind of life did that offer, But she wanted him all the same. He was very fortunate, and he loved her very much. 
“Look at you boy,” Stallward roared with laughter “Just the mention of her and you lapse into love sick silence.” He slapped his hands down on the desk for support his mirth rolling out him with zeal. 
“Alright, alright,” Alrik conceded his cheeks hot, “you don’t have to overdue it now.” 
“Oh, lad, I think I do.” 
“You could try, you know.” Even his ears felt hot now.
“I do believe I could, but I can tell you I don't want to.” And with that Stallward broke into gales of laughter once more. 
#
Ellayne stood stoic, effeminate, and dainty. Her slender bronzed fingers slid lightly over her dark flowing locks ensuring silver combs were placed just so. She had dressed in a conservative lace bell gown, soft blue that reminded her of the sea. She wanted a merging of cultures in her attire. Conservative to Farstrider standards; here her gown bordered outlandish. Baby pearl buttons ran down her back, ivory shell earrings dangled, and coral beads accentuated her high laced neck, all remembrances of her birth lands as was the tightness at hips and bosom. The high neck was astrael as was the large peridot emblazoned gold ring on her left hand. The gem was of the mountains, as was her husband, as was her heart. She needed to show that she may be Farstrider, but she was also Aviendoran. 
She glanced around her tea room for the sixth perhaps seventh time. All was pristine bedecked in the white stone of Adrik’s birth and the blue rugs and tapestries of her own. It too was an equal mix of cultures the chairs were solid and functional as one might find amongst the Astrael, but the wood was deep and rich with patterned poof pillows of the Farstrider. She smiled nervously.
Why was she so nervous? It was just her father. Three months since her wedding day, three months since she had seen him. It was fine, she was fine. She breathed deeply, closed her eyes, and willed calm into herself. She was her father’s daughter and her own woman. Be calm, be at peace. 
The knock on the door nearly made her jump from her skin. She brushed at her skirts nervously for long moments, waiting. Why was it taking so long to open the door? Curse Mendel, where was that man? Then she heard the door and voices echo in the hall, it was time. 
With effort she turned to the arched door, stilled her hands, lifted her head high, and waited. The wait stretched seemingly for an eternity, an eternity of the maelstrom of fear and doubt raging within her, an eternity where her emotions never touched her face. 
“Lady Ellayne,” Mendel intoned in his deep baritone voice that warred with the inconsistency of the stocky diminutive frame from which that rumble came. “Lord Tarryl Greene.” 
Tarryl moved beyond the little man before the words fully left his lips. His arms reached for her and she saw him, the man who raised her, defined her. Memories broke over her like a wave, her mouth split in unrestrained glee as she leapt into his arms, “Father!” 
“My little girl,” Tarryl grinned holding her close, “my have I missed you.” Slowly he brought her to arms length “Let me look upon you.” For a long moment with happiness playing at the corners of his eyes and mouth he scrutinized her face. “Marriage is good for you, I think.” 
“I think so,” she said lightly. She surprised herself in how much she had missed him. He was a loving father, true, but though a merchant of the land he was still a Farstrider which meant he schemed and maneuvered as they all did. One must always be wary when in the company of such men as her father. He had not built a merchant empire, though small, by being a fool. 
“Did we just agree on something?” he mused lightly.
“I think we did; the seas must be boiling.” Her smile was warm and true as she pulled away. Even that surprised her. She realized that was what she was most afraid of, not him but rather her father coming along and taking her life away. She had carved out a life here without suspicion or guile. Such behavior was not part of the day to day here. She enjoyed her life; she enjoyed these people, and she loved her husband. 
“Come, sit, please,” She gestured to the chairs and table awaiting them. “You must tell me everything you have been up to.” 
“Me? bah! Trade is trade, but you. Well, you’ll have to tell me what it’s like living in a city such as this.” He sat heavily stretching his legs languishing in her company. His eyes were not so restful. They were seeing everything she knew, taking in the room and assessing. 
“Not so different as one might think,” she began then paused as if remembering. “Mendel, refreshments if you please.” The squat little man gave a stiff bow and left the room. She watched him go gathering her wits. She was out of practice sparring with words. Here a word could have a single meaning unlike home where every word had several. “A greater propensity toward charity than I’m accustomed too, but the people are nice. I have even managed to acquire a friend or two.” The words her father would hear were... The Astrael people are trusting and open, mostly unaware, which meant they could be used or manipulated. She, however, had determined several individuals both intellectually savvy and valuable and started creating bonds between them. 
She hated this, her belly churned with the duplicity. This was what she was most afraid of, that her father would make her become a creature of deceptions. Think on Adrik, she told herself. And she did, of his kindness, his fathomless faith in her, in his goodness, even in the Astrael themselves. He was a rock of purity that she had dashed herself against and come out better, cleaner. Her feelings a maelstrom within her never touched her features. For all that she had cleansed from her life, she was still Farstrider. 
#
Marsters winced as he dismounted his horse.  “My god, I hate these beasts.”  
Jorst chuckled. “Aye, I still do not like the creatures myself.”
A boy ran up and took the reins. “Shall I stable him sir?” he squeaked.
“Stable him, beat him, send him to the slaughter house. I care not. Bloody beasts make me limp for a week.” Marsters strode purposefully to the front of the inn, Jorst following close behind. The boy looked on dumbfounded, not sure what to do. Did the man really want him to send off the horse?
“Sir?” the boy mumbled, questioning the order with a plaintive whine.
Marsters stopped, and turned, annoyed at the boy’s lack of sense. His glare was hard, the boy cowering at the flinty gaze. “Idiot boy,” he mumbled to himself. “Yes, stable him for now. Rub him down and feed him. Leave the saddle on. I won’t be long and don’t want to waste the time waiting for the blasted beast to get readied.”
The boy sighed, grateful for a command that made sense. “As you wish sir.”
Marsters turned, continuing to the door of the inn. The Manor was a three-story structure, with a large yard and stable. For Fartown, it was an upscale inn where successful merchants, teamsters, and Masters frequented. It was a quiet establishment with good reputation. The rowdier of Fartown knew to stay away and not just due to Aviendoran justice. A large man sat at the door, a stout cudgel close to hand. He was very ready to enforce the rule of the Manor.
The common room, located on the first floor, took up most of the space. Directly visible and across from the front door stood the bar counter. It ran the length of the wall, almost like a high wall guarding the expensive spirits that lined the wall behind. Since the inn was frequented by the highbrow of the Farstriders, a wider selection of libations were stocked. The rougher inns tended to stock cheap ale and whisky, choices that those holding power would never again drink even though most had started out their careers with those they now disdained.
Tables were well-spaced, giving more privacy than in normal inns. Those who frequented the Manor often tended to conduct business in this room, so the innkeeper accommodated the best he could while balancing the desire to turn a profit. A small dais was set up in the corner for when business was concluded. The day belonged to business, but at night inhabitations were let down, and it belonged to revelry.
Marsters knew a small door led from behind the counter leading to a kitchens in one direction, and down the hall to the taproom in the other. The best meals in all of Fartown would be found coming from the Manors kitchen. Eglan the cook was one of the best in the region by Martsters’ standards. She was held in reverence by those lucky enough to taste her food, but, as he understood things, reviled by her staff for her sharp tongue and wicked temper. There was minimal bustle, and only one serving woman apparent due to the time of day. Closer to evening though, the staffing would increase.
As Marsters entered, a booming voice sounded from behind the wall length counter. “Welcome, Master Marsters, would you be liking something to eat? Perhaps I can tempt you with an Akesian Red? I know you enjoy it so, and, as it happens, I just received a shipment in.” The voice belonged to a stout man, wiping out glasses that were arrayed neatly in front of him on the counter. He was a balding figure, with a ready smile and a stained apron covering his ample belly.
Marsters grated his teeth at the lost honorific. Faust, the innkeeper, called everyone Master, as was the custom of the land dwellers. He did not know the slight he had caused, but Marsters let it pass. There was no use trying to correct the man as he had no knowledge of the harsh judgement placed upon him.
“Yes, Faust, for me, Jorst and one more. When Havil arrives, send him to me. We will be taking the Birch room.” Marsters gazed around. Not yet reaching the noon meal, the common room was fairly empty save for those waiting on others or for their next trip out of Fartown. Were the raids and whispers of raids effecting the manor’s patronage? One man sat in the corner, with a view of the entire common room. He wasn’t looking at Marsters or Jorst and appeared to be intent on the meal before him. Marsters had the impression that the man was aware of what was going on in the common room none the less.
Masters gauged the man cautiously. He looked like an average fellow, and vaguely familiar? Had Marsters run into him before, or was he an agent of the damned Farstrider? In either case, the man was unimportant, and much more important works needed to be done this day.
“At once, good Master,” Faust replied with his infectious smile. “Everything is freshly made and will be sent up shortly.” He called over the serving girl, gave her instructions, and she disappeared down the hall.
Marsters and Jorst turned, and went through an opening that led to a staircase. As they began climbing, Jorst growled “Bloody land dwellers. They are all fools? They should know better but don’t. Would you like me to teach him his place?”
“What’s the point? Land dwellers will never understand the ways of the ocean,” Marsters stated with disgust. “And you know what is at stake. There is no need to bring unwanted attention to us. We won’t be returning, and the Pigeons pets will take care of them for us.” As they reached the landing to the second floor, Marsters turned and looked down at Jorst. “Pack your things, we will be checking out after lunch.”
“As you wish, sir,” Jorst turned and went down the hall toward his room. Marsters continued upward. The second floor was exclusively set aside for guest rooms toward the front of the inn, and the rooms of those particular women who men enjoyed the company of. Prostitution was not legal in the city of Brionne, but Faust was very careful and the inn’s patronage were very closed mouthed. What were the pigeons going to do about what occurred in Fartown? Jorst sighed. He was hoping to have one last tussle with Clarish, but it looked like that would not happen.
The rooms on the second floor were small and were utilized by the teamsters and the employees of the businessmen. They were utilitarian and consisted of a bed or two, washbasin, dresser and in some cases a window. The guest rooms had a separate hallway from the rooms of the Manor Girls as they were known. Another large man with a wicked dagger at his belt ensured that no one snuck in who was not invited. Faust made sure that his girls were well cared for and would not suffer them to be abused.
As Marsters continued up the stairs, his mood began to darken.  His hate for Farstrider, so long festering that it had burned itself deep in his soul, would be satiated soon. The upcoming actions would be the beginning of the downfall of those who had wronged him. As with any change to a reign, there would be blood, but Marsters consoled himself in the fact that it would bring him back to his beloved sea.  
A carved bronze plaque of a group of thin tall trees on the door in front of Marsters announced the Birch Room. He entered, and sauntered to the head of the table. As was his custom, he sat facing the door. He was a cautious man and more so now, he feared what would occur if the wrong person walked in. Before he sat, he poured himself a glass of the clear ruby red wine that was on the table. There was another staircase from the kitchen to the second and third floor, and Faust’s efficient staff had already set up the drinks and serving ware.
Marsters sat, sipping his drink with relish. He smacked his lips appreciatively as the Akesian red worked its way down his throat. The vintage was superb, yet he winced at what the inevitable cost of the bottle. Akesian was hard to get in these parts, but well worth the cost.
“Sir,” a new voice called from the hall. 
“Enter,” Marsters allowed.
The voice did not match the man who entered the room. “Tarryl has arrived in Brionne.” Havil's voice was coarse and gravelly, like stones breathing. But the man was tall, a couple of inches shorter than Marsters, who himself towered over most. He was rail thin and moved with the grace of a dancer. The deep rumbling baritone looked to strong to emanate from the emaciated looking frame.
Jorst followed Havil into the room, a stark contrast in bearing. Jorst moved with the rolling gate of one used to the motion of a ship, while Havil glided in the room with quick fluid grace. He looked like a fighter, lethal, and cunning.
“That mangy son of a levitation. He is back sooner than we were led to believe.” Marsters grated at the news. He stood and began to pace, a small worry forming in the back of his mind. “Jorst, you will need to have a talk with my eyes and ears. This is ill timed news indeed. We need to ensure that the meddlesome spy does not have any idea we are here, or he will begin to look into my affairs. That is the last thing we need.”
Tarryl seemed to be a constant thorn in his side. He seemed to show up where ever Marstes traveled. “Havil, does he know I’m in town?”
“I don’t know, sir. He was inspected at the gate, and then headed over to the home of the Castellan. I am not sure why he would have gone there.”
A knock at the door ceased conversation. Jorst got up from his place at the table and opened the door. Faust stood outside, a serving girl in tow. From the savory smells emanating from the hallway, lunch had arrived. The girl entered, laden with a heavy tray full of dishes.  Faust followed her with additional dishes. As much as Marsters hated those from the land, Faust had hired a cook who could truly prepare a meal. Perhaps she was of Farstrider stock? No land lubber cooked like she did, at least certainly not in Aviendora.
Havil watched the girl closely as she placed the food on the table. He had a hungry look in his eye as she moved around the men.  Marsters caught Havil’s eye and cautioned him with a look. The last thing they needed was to bring unwanted attention to themselves because of a wandering hand or more.
The lunch was a masterpiece as always. Eglan once again outdid herself. Each plate contained a savory delicacy better than the one before. There was roasted potatoes in a thick gravy on one, mixed vegetables slathered in seasoned butter on another. The largest plate contained roasted beef hickory smoked and succulent. There was even a large loaf of fresh honey bread on a cutting board.  
“Faust no more interruptions,” Marsters commanded. Faust and the serving girl bowed and left the men to enjoy their lunch. As the men loaded their plates, and began to eat, they temporarily forgot the dangerous plans they would soon be executing.
The food was consumed and savored slowly. Marsters began to think on the conversation Faust had interrupted with lunch. Why Tarryl was visiting the Castellan? Was this only coincidence, or was there a clandestine reason for Tarryl to be visiting Brionne?
His bitch of a daughter married one of the Pigeon’s pets. As much as I hate the man, he is no fool. Though I did wonder why he allowed his daughter to disgrace herself and him by marrying an Aviendoran. Marsters mused solemnly.  
He had plenty of reason to hate Tarryl. Tarryl was the Magistrate, one of the first land dwellers that was allowed power and influence in the Land, who presided over his trial. It was he who banished Marsters from the sea. Prior to his being named a Magistrate, Tarryl was a successful trader who had ties to many parts of the Land and into Aveindora.
Tarryl stepped down as a magistrate when his daughter married, and again became a trader. Marsters suspected that Tarryl was secretly one of Farstriders eyes and ears. He certainly seemed to appear far to regularly for Marsters own liking.
“Havil, have a couple of our locals keep an eye on Tarryl. I want to know what his movements are. Jorst, spread the word to our agents that they are to be particularly careful, no attention. The plan must go off on schedule. And bring a pigeon. I need to inform our host.”
They sat in silence, finishing their food. When they had their fill, Marsters straightened in his chair. “Jorst, I think that it is time for us to leave the city. Are the men in place, and do they know their parts?”
“Aye, sir, that they do. And they are getting anxious as well.  They, of course, don’t know all of what is planned but can feel that it will be something momentous. They will play their part.” The man chuckled softly, “I believe they are more excited about the damage to the Pigeon’s roost than anything else.”
“As long as they do what they have been bid they can have their fun. If not, they will answer to me. Havil, you have your instructions. Jorst, go to the men and ensure that they are clear as to the consequences for not following their orders correctly and completely. Return an hour before gate closing with the pigeon.” And with that, the two men left to complete their tasks. 
Marsters lingered enjoying the last of the Artesian red. He stared into his glass and pondered his situation. Farstrider had taken away his life and he would reply in kind getting everything back and so much more. 
The pigeons were the key, these Astrael. The irony did not escape him. Pigeons were menial animals to be used for the betterment of men’s causes. But these Aviendorans put them up on a pedestal and seemed to worship them. It didn’t matter what form it took, an animal was but an animal. He would use them just as he did the small birds. A simple tool to achieve an end. War was coming and he would be its architect.
#
“Make way!” Gregor bellowed waving a gauntleted hand at the hawkers, shoppers, traders, and passersby that filled the crowded streets of the inner city. Adrik gave the man a sideways look and frowned as he eased his gelding through the throng. 
There was no real heat in the glance. Despite the constable’s lack of manners, Adrik’s thoughts were filled with more pressing things. No real need to rebuke the man, Adrik concluded; perhaps his own agitation was being felt by his men. He turned away his gaze lingering over the young and old, the women and men, all those that moved and shuffled all about. These people were relying on him to keep them safe, and, if any could, it should be him. Then why did he feel as if he could not? 
“You are troubled.” It was not a question. 
“These raiders, Ryk.” Adrik shook his head ruefully taking in the lean mailed figure that rode at his other flank, “They distract me.” His two constables were as different as the sun from the moon. Gregor was barrel chested, taciturn, and as fiery as his hair. Ryk was thin corded muscle, dark, and soft spoken. 
“In what way?”
“I don’t know yet. It’s probably nothing.” 
“Experience has convinced me to trust your instincts.” 
“Eh’, what’s this?” Gregor broke in, “What are you two talking about?” 
Adrik raised an eyebrow, and the man at least had the decency to look abashed at the demand. They may be friends, but he was still a superior and propriety required a certain conduct. 
“We were discussing raiders,” Ryk explained.
“Fah’, Farstrider scum, bunch a cowards. Show the lot any steel and they bolt like rabbits.” Gregor huffed.
“Sometimes,” Adrik frowned, “and sometimes they kill you.” 
Gregor paused at the hardness of the man and scrutinized the Castellan seeing his mood for the first time. “Is there real threat then?” 
“Late to the battlefield is better than not showing up I suppose,” Ryk muttered. 
“Siren take you little man.” Gregor growled at the other, a smile played at his lips. 
Adrik shook his head. Should he expect anything less from these twin vagabonds? They were rogues of the highest sort. Rogues with great tactical and martial skill. He had to give them their head; they would banter, argue, then discover what he was missing. 
“Here,” Adrik shoved a parcel into Ryk’s hands. “Earn your pay. See what I cannot; report tomorrow.” Adrik reigned his gelding about and cantered away. He had no time for foolishness. Ellayne waited and more her father waited. There was tension in his wife when it came to her father. He didn’t understand and he wanted to be there for her.
“Then why give it to him?” Gregor called, “He can’t even find a woman in his bed. Course a woman has never been in his bed!” 
“Better than the sheep in yours. Does this remind you of home? Baaa Baaa,” Ryk bleated with a smirk etched across his face. 
Adrik heard no more jibes. The noises of the city swept their voices away just as the crowds took them from view. Again Adrik shook his head. They were unconventional but effective; he needed them to be effective now there was something dangerous going on, and he didn’t know what it was.
#
“Master Tarryl,” Adrik greeted with warmth, but there was stiffness as well. “We have been awaiting your arrival, Ellayne particularly.” 
“I doubt it,” Tarryl laughed jovially, though he spared a tender look and wink for his daughter. “But for me, it is good to be amongst my family once again.” They grasped hands fiercely. Adrik wondered where the Farstriders had developed the habit. Amongst Aviendorans it was an old military show of respect, grasp the sword hand of another arm’s bearer; the harder you gripped a hand the more respect given. It had grown, and all Aviendorans greeted each other so. Had Tarryl picked it up as a necessity in trading in these lands or from some other source. Something to ask Ellayne he mused. 
He glanced at his wife. He could see the strain in her but the happiness as well. He did not understand the tension between the two; she had never explained, and Adrik had never pressed. He knew that with enough time she would confide in him, and possibly the rift there would heal.
“Three months is too long a time to be without family,” Adrik affirmed. He had found the pair laughing in the tea room. It was a frivolous thing, a tea room, but Ellayne had wanted it. Whatever the two had been discussing was set aside at his arrival. Tarryl was as always polite with hints at sarcasm, jovial yet fitted with a keen sight that seemed always probing. 
“I apologize for my late arrival,” 
“Not at all,” Tarryl interrupted waving any explanations away. “Running a city like this isn’t easy, I’m sure.” 
“You flatter me, I am no steward,” Adrik corrected,
“Not yet, my boy,” Tarryl clapped him on the arm, “but we’ll work on that.”  
“Husband,” Ellayne broke in suddenly, “you are late, but not so late to insult or require apology.” Her smile was warm, her fingers gentle as they took his own. But there was a flash of heat there too. Was that for him or her father? He glanced at Tarryl, and the man merely looked bemused. Probably for him then, what had he done? “Mendel will have dinner prepared before we realize. Perhaps father you would like to freshen beforehand, it was a long journey, I’m sure.” 
“Yes, of course,” Tarryl nodded, that bemused smile fell, and a serious thoughtful composure came over the man, “any journey is worth it to set my eyes on you again, my dear Ellayne. You do not know how good it is to see you.” 
“It does my heart good to hear you say that,” she whispered softly. 
“With your pardon then,” Tarryl nodded to Adrik and winked to his daughter then slipped from the room. 
Ellayne watched that empty space for a long moment, and Adrik wondered at her thoughts. Then slowly she turned to him. Here it was, what had he done? 
“I love you so much,” she said softly then reached up, grabbed his face in her hands, and kissed him with a fire that made him forget for the first time all day about bandits, raiders, and anything else.  
#
Dinner was good, his daughter had outdone herself. Tarryl had eaten of Aviandoran fair before. Mutton and lamb had its appeal, but generally he found the native cuisine bland. However this was truly elevated, a lovely pairing of cultures. Lamb still, but roasted and seasoned richly with ample heat which he appreciated. She had paired the dish nicely with a tomato cream sauce that took the worst of the bite from the meal. And best it went beautifully with the full bodied wine he brought for the occasion. 
“Very well done,” Tarryl commented cleaning his plate. “I am both impressed and honored that you would treat me to such delights.”
“You flatter me; it’s just dinner,” Ellayne commented stiffly, too stiffly by Tarryl’s estimation. She was proud of her meal as she should be. 
“I didn’t realize what real food was until I met Ellayne,” Adrik remarked with an affectionate smile. “She tells me Farstriders do have better respect for one’s appetite, and I confess I have found she’s right.”
“Again,” her smile was warm, but also flirtatious. “Right again.”
“As usual,” Adrik countered.
“Yes, well, you will find that most women are right most of the time and Farstrider women even more so.” Tarryl waved off the mock glare his daughter flashed him. “They are more worldly you understand; we travel far more aggressively than Aviendorans. I can see that influence in your home,” Tarryl gestured to flourishes in wall sconces and the richness of the tapestries that hung all about.
“Yes, she has introduced me to a great many things.” Adrik reached out and took his wife’s hand in his own. “All the more reason why I am better for having her.” 
“I would say it was an equal exchange,” Ellayne squeezed gently.  
“I’m sure,” Tarryl noted lightly, but there was a measuring to his gaze. “However there is a luxury that I do find unique, a man servant? I confess a man servant was a surprise. It seems neither Farstrider nor Aviendoran.” 
“Actually Mendel is a consul, and he is very Aviendoran.” Adrik explained, “Our culture is very much one that honors service to one another. Sacrifice is a central ideology. The Astrael lead us through example with their own service to the people. They sacrifice selfish desires of commerce, artistry, and others to beholden solely to the citizenry that they are charged to protect. I serve my nation and more specifically this city in its protection and defense. It is considered a great honor to serve others. Hence consuls you will find, are quite common.” 
“Sounds as if you have sacrificed freedoms that you have by right to serve others,” Tarryl noted. He found the concept contemptuous at best. All men were birthed into this world free, freedom to choose. To be whatever you wish is what brought the great Farstrider to the seas to begin with so long ago. 
“Awe, you have struck true to the heart there,” Adrik snatched up his final bite before continuing. “Freedom is definitely at the core of all things. The Astrael in their wisdom are very clear to point out that it truly is certain indelible freedoms that are given when we choose to serve. The choice to serve must be ours, and we must be aware of what we give up with that choice. They are very conscious of the risk, for if those in authority start believing that in their service they deserve rights over others; that freedoms of others must be sacrificed rather than given up for the betterment. Well, that moment when freedoms are sacrificed is the downfall of true society and rise of tyranny.” 
“I did not know you were such a child of the Astrael?” Tarryl queried. The Astrael were the great enigma. A shadow government to Tarryl. What he wouldn’t give, what he wouldn’t get in exchange for information on the Astrael. 
He could see the tension in Ellayne at this line of conversations. She knew his own views and likely knew her husbands just as well. He imagined she might be concerned that there might be conflict. She should know him better. Adrik was too well-placed for him to risk alienating the man, and information on the elusive Astrael. Well, it was always valuable. Of course she, loved Adrik. Love could be complicated he knew too well and potentially dangerous; where were her loyalties? 
“I think we all are to a degree, but in my position, well, I have met a few. They do visit the city from time to time. They are...” There was a pause as Adrik pondered an appropriate word “Impactful.” 
“I’m sure,” That was interesting, how often did the Astrael travel? When might they be in Brionne again? Focus man, you are here for other reasons; the Astrael can wait... for a time.
# 
Ellayne watched the two with suppressed interest and agitation. This was dangerous ground so quickly in arriving, what was her father doing? He was smarter than to insult her husband’s beliefs or worse patronize them.  
“Adrik,” Ellayne interjected with a soft touch to the arm, “before you returned home father was telling me of his journey.” Why was she giving her father an out? Would it not be better if his scheming for Adrik be blocked?
“Yes?” Adrik encouraged.
“Indeed, and there was a point that I think you might find of interest.” This was her part. Her father wanted very much to talk about the frequency of raids with her husband. He had not disclosed his reasons, but she could guess. If there were not threat she would not play  this game. 
“And what’s that?” 
“A pattern,” Tarryl interjected. “Merchants are a competitive bunch, you see, but also a tight knit group as well.” Tarryl waved expansively is if taking in a great audience, “When the opportunity arrives we gather, to secret out opportunities, to brag in some cases, even to look for leverage or weakness, but we are always talking.”
He leaned forward as if conspiratorially. “There are murmurs, whispers, and concern. Moraedo has never been a barrier to my trade and still is not in truth, but it is more dangerous. Particularly here.” Tarryl leaned back with a shake as if dismissing his own words, “Not in Brionne, don’t misconstrue. But this region of Moraedo without doubt. And, of course, being what we are we speculate.” 
“An increase in risk?” Adrik wore thoughtfulness like a mask. Ellayne knew her husband; there was more to that look than he let on, but why? “What do your merchant friends think could be the cause?”   
“Well, that’s the question, now isn’t it? Some are thinking it’s just the price of business; wealth breeds parasites. Some, Aviendora is being aggressive with non nationals. And a few that there is a third party, somebody taking advantage of the strained relations and carving out a little piece for themselves. And fewer still that somebody wants a war.” 
“Quite the speculation.” Adrik pondered, “Wealth does bring added attention from the negative element. Moraedo is still a wild land, no matter how much our peoples have attempted to civilize it.” Adrik gave no sign of his thoughts on that matter. They had both debated Moraedo on occasion. Adrik was rather vocal how little the Farstriders had invested in the land. She, of course, saw things differently. 
“It’s possible there is an agency wishing to carve out their own little piece of it.” Adrik looked to them each in turn, a serious searching gaze. “War is the least likely possibility, I don’t see who would profit.”
“Could none profit from war?” Ellayne queried concern in her voice. She suspected her husband banished the notion out of hand. It was the most farfetched of the concepts, and the most horrific. 
She wanted him to consider each seriously. Even though she believed her father knew more than he had let on, one of these prospects might just be true, or another altogether that her father was not and would not share. Curse the man and his plotting. But there was threat of that she was sure.
“Well,” Adrik shrugged, “there are always war profiteers. However enough to incite one? That is unlikely. Even say if there were a third party as Tarryl has proposed, much of any war would take place here. Any third party would find it difficult to avoid the conflict. And likely their involvement would bring their own destruction.”
“If not war,” Tarryl interjected, “what about the supposition that you have avoided?” 
Adrik chuckled lightly, but there was strain at the corners of his eyes; Ellayne knew him to well to not notice. “That Aviendora has grown unfriendly? I dealt with proposals that had a notion of possibility.”
“That unlikely is it?” Tarryl smiled doubtfully. 
“It does not even enter the realm of possibility,” Adrik stated without pause or reservation. 
“But there is something,” Tarryl lifted his wine, “there is to much to doubt that.” It was a statement of fact as if daring Adrik to disagree. 
“There is something,” Adrik agreed. Again he wore thoughtful like a shield. 
“If that is the case I’m sure a castellan of Brionne will take notice and resolve such mysteries. I know one who is quite capable, or at least that is what I’m told.” Tarryl smiled behind his glass.
“We’ll see,” Adrik muttered.
“I think I’m ready for dessert, and Mendel has made something special for your visit. Would either of you care to join me?” Ellayne announced lightly. Adrik was distracted and very serious. Too serious. What was troubling him? 
“That sounds delightful.” Her father’s smile shone, but it never touched his eyes. 
#
“I have imposed far to much I think,” Tarryl knuckled back a yawn. 
“I thought you would be staying with us?” Adrik inquired. “We have the space.” 
“No, no, I appreciate the offer, of course. But my business interests are in Far-town; I should be there. Loads of cargo.” 
“That’s my father, business first.” Ellayne’s voice was light, joking. It defied the truth beneath, for it was always business first for her father; of that she was all to aware. That was what had brought her to Brionne to begin with, and to Adrik after all. 
“I understand how important one’s work can be.” Adrik put in smiling. “You will be by tomorrow, of course?” 
“Without a doubt,” Tarryl stated sliding his jacket over his shoulders, “I don’t get to see my daughter and her husband everyday now do I?” 
The pair grasped hands once again before her father turned toward her. “It is good to see you once again.” Was that real emotion in his voice? He hugged her for a long time, and she found she did not mind so much.  
“And you father,” she whispered softly. With that he was off into the late evening half light shadows deepening as he strolled nonchalantly into their embrace. She was such a mix of emotions regarding her father. She did love him very much, but he had not changed all subterfuge and guile. 
“That was nice,” Adrik noted cautiously sliding the heavy door shut. He was watching her with that calculating look of his. It was a look he saved for their worst arguments or when he felt she was being overly childish or deceptive. It always seemed like he could see right through her with that gaze.
“Mostly,” she agreed softly “I am concerned however.” She placed her hand against his chest. He was a rock of muscle. He trained with sword rigorously she knew, too rigorously for one of his station. She did not approve, though she had not been so blunt in telling him so. 
“What about?” He inquired curiously. She saw the tightness in him though. He knew what was wrong. Did she think him so blind? No not him, he told her everything, or at least all that he believed that he could. So something else, something to do with his duties as castellan. 
“You,” she said softly filling her voice with the deep concern of her heart, “you were distracted and very serious tonight. Something weighs upon you that you will not share. There is something to fathers concerns, isn’t there?” It was the only real matter of substance that they approached all evening. Could it be anything else? 
Adrik sighed heavily. “You always see through me.” 
Her smile was warm, but there was a hint of rebuke when she responded, “Really?”
“Don’t look at me like that, it’s probably nothing.”
“If it were nothing, it wouldn’t put those creases between your eyes or frown on your face.” Her fingers stroked his face tracing the lines there.
“Look, I don’t even know what it is.” His frustration was thick in his voice, and her heart went to him. She needed more if she was to help him. But she needed him settled and focused, not so addled. He could see reason if given a chance to be objective. And that would only come with calm and peace. 
“Come,” her voice was like a soft caress, “Mendel shall get us some tea, and we can sit, rest, and talk.” Gently she took his hand in her own and guided him from the entrance hall. 
#
“Any word, Grendev?” Tarryl Inquired grimly.
“Lots of em’,” Grendev was a Grizzled hard figure of a man with a rolling gate that would not leave him no matter the years spent away from sea and ship. He scratched at the stubble on his chin as he spoke. “Most of them lies, conjecture, and rumor.” 
“Any word that I might care about?” Tarryl sighed with a shake of his head. He was tired, too tired, but it couldn’t be helped. It had been a long day and night, the evening with his family though enjoyable was far more taxing than he anticipated. It was a balancing act urgency weighed against secrecy. But then it always was. 
His daughter was far more defiant than he remembered, though she had always been. Of course, most women were. But he would have sworn she was obstinate for the sake of aggravating him. No matter, she had done her part.    
Once he departed he was quick to the broad flat building where he maintained his custom. The warehouse was filled with crates and awash in light. Lanterns were ablaze across every wall and at every support. Light was needed in a warehouse, or at least that was as he saw it. Details were important in his business, all of his businesses. One needed light to see the details. 
“Lots...” 
“That concern me now, at this moment, this current venture.” Tarryl broke in.
Grendev smiled his eyes glinting with mischief “Should’a been more clear.” 
“Grendev.” Tarryl cautioned with a growl. 
The taciturn man chuckled lightly scratching at his whiskers once more. “Crews in the water and the sharks are circling. You don’t have much time. I asked about. There’s plenty of maneuvering and subtle shifts, but more compelling is the amount of Martster’s men in the city. Coincidence? I doubt it.” 
He turned serious all mirth stripped away. “You put all your pieces in place just before you go for the kill. This is bad Tarryl we might be too late.” 
“And you make jokes,” Tarryl admonished “We’re not too late, I don’t believe that, can’t believe that. There’s too much at stake.” Tarryl growled defiantly his feet carrying him forward, without purpose, he started a broad sweep of the warehouse. Grendev was the worst kind of doomsayer, capable and trustworthy which were rare commodities in his trade to be sure. Particularly since he was such an accomplished killer, but nothing left the man’s tongue that didn’t hint at failure. “It merely means we need put oars to the water. Gather the drivers, I want all deliveries done tomorrow.” He emphasized the day with cold hardness.
“Unwise,” Grendev cautioned, “that will be noticed.” He watched Tarryl pace across the warehouse with dark eyes and a deep grimace.
“Can’t be helped. If events are as far along as you say, we will need the distractions. But for once the Aviendoran preference for bureaucracy will help us. I will meet with my son-in-law in the morning; I might be able to guide his hand. Perhaps it’s time to audit Far-town.” 
“The lad may be Aviendoran, but for all that, he isn’t as dim as most.” 
“True, it’s a trait I like in the boy. But he has blind spots that can be exploited.” Tarryl stopped and pierced grendev with a determined gaze “When the typhoon strikes you know what I need from you, be ready.” 
The bandy legged man merely nodded grimly. 
#
Tarryl strode easily toward the humble manor house, his trademark smile played across his face. It wasn’t Adrik’s taste he suspected. His daughter’s influence even if it was a bit demure for her. Like most Aviendoran architecture he encountered, it was tall and narrow with a fluid elegance bordering on majestic. It held the typical long curved windows and shutters, pitched eaves jutted out and yet seemed to only accentuate the height of the building. Ceramic roof tiles were tightly scaled affairs. Even the door was stately twin panels of rich oak arching upward, knockers a rich gold that shone in the early morning sun.
How a people who were so determinedly boring could produce these buildings he did not know. Adrik was just stepping out the doors, he looked quite proper in his sapphire blue uniform, all straight lines, emerald hints, and silver shining down his breast and cuffs. Far too rigid for Tarryl’s preference.
“Adrik my boy,” he called waving in greeting. 
“Tarryl,” Adrik called the surprise of encountering his father in law evident in every motion. “A bit early isn’t it?” 
“Early? No boy, the kraken hunts at dawn or it gets devoured by the leviathan.” 
“Understandable then,” Though it wasn’t at all. “Coming to see Ellayne?” 
“Of course, don’t know how long I’ll be in your beautiful city must take advantage.” 
Adrik glanced back to his home a smile playing across his face. “I’m not sure how prepared she is to receive guests,” 
Tarryl chuckled “It’ll be fine. But since I have a reason to delay could I have a moment?” 
“How may I serve?.” 
“So amicable,” If he were home that statement would be a blatant jest. Tarryl enjoyed how open these people were, but did they have to make it so easy? “and an ironic phrase considering. Yesterday my men started making overtures to potential buyers. A common place procedure really, reestablishing contacts from previous ventures introducing ourselves to new customers, seeing how we could serve them if you will.”
Adrik nodded his understanding.
“We, however, encountered some unsettling items. The normal array of contacts, and we are talking merchants who have been well established in Brionne, entrenched you could say. Well, they seem to have closed up shop. But what’s more, a less desirable element has moved in to fill the vacuum.”
“A less desirable element?” Adrik queried. 
“A rough lot with little respect for code of business or government regulation.” Tarryl cringed inwardly; it was like he was holding up a sign. The boy wasn’t dim. If he were he wouldn’t have allowed Ellayne to marry him but this was too important to leave to Adrik’s understanding a more obscure meaning.
“This element, do you believe they are functioning in any way outside the common good.” 
“Son,” Tarryl patted his shoulder and threw him a wink, “They’re only operating for their good. Thought you might want to take a look.” Tarryl hated being so obvious, but he doubted Adrik would read too much into it, he wasn’t Farstrider after all. 
#
Master Gavin stood atop a low hill, overlooking Brionne. Dusk was rapidly approaching, and his view of the city was rapidly diminishing with the loss of light. He burned the image into his mind, knowing that he would need to know the approach very soon.
Gavin was not much accomplished with land tactics, having been on a ship most of his life. He was quickly learning. He hoped the part he had to play here would not last. He longed to return to the ocean where he would feel at home once more. Gavin was no fool, he could see however that to take the City with the size of the force he had would be futile.  
Of course, that was not the purpose for the attack. The attack would be meant not to conquer, but to misdirect and incite. That was the way of the folk from the Land. Plot, plan, intrigue, undermine, these were the tools employed by those who forsook the sea. He was sickened by the trickery of people. Give him a fight on open water any day. It was simple, fight until one accepts quarter or accepted the kraken’s kiss.
That is not to say that he would not fight. Gavin had been in his share of battles, many of which were before he was honored with the title of Master. He gained a well-deserved reputation as not having lost one battle upon the sea. He was a skilled sailor, demanding captain and utterly fearless.
Gavin was an impressive man towering over most at nearly seven feet in height. Many of his adversaries thought him slow because of his size, a mistake they often came to regret. But above his physical attributes he was most known as a smart and calculating Master. There were few who dared cross swords or wits with him.
“Master Gavin, a message just arrived for you sir.”  The man snapped a smart salute to Gavin as he held out his hand and was given a small carrier tube. The messenger bowed sharply and left leaving Gavin alone.  
Gavin deftly opened the tube and unrolled the parchment within.  He scanned it quickly, his eyebrows raised as he read the contents.  Well, this certainly makes things more interesting. Tarryl, Farstrider’s dog, was here. Had some whispers of the plan reached his ears or was this an unfortunate coincidence. With Tarryl, one never new. He was a ripper fish caught in the nets. 
There was a hiss to the air, a soft whoosh as if the wind were groaning. Gavin gripped the hilt of his sword and scanned the darkened foliage about looking for potential danger. A shadow emerged from within the branches. As it came closer to Gavin, its shape began to take form.
It was large and dark, a black robe hid itself from prying eyes. It looked somewhat like a man but one with a bulky and deformed body. The cowl of the robe covered its head and face, but what sounded like raspy breathing could be heard from within. “Do not draw your weapon on me, human. You would not survive,” the rattling voice stated flatly.  
“Who are you?” Gavin said, his hand not moving from his sword.
“For now, we stand with you and your associates. I bring you a message from the man with the one eye,” the voice said in its slow husky cadence. “In the city, you will find an air ship. It is not ready to launch and is easy prey. You will divert some of your forces from the assault and destroy the vessel. Send those who you do not mind losing. The Aviendoran’s will surely protect this most vigorously.”
“I do not know you, nor do I trust you,” responded Gavin cautiously. “How do I know this message came from my people?”
The creature chuckled, the sound like a giant centipede walking across dried leaves. “He thought you would say that.” He reached forth his arm and a message tube appeared from his sleeve, partially concealed so as not to show a hand. “Here is the message, written in his hand.”
Gavin reached forth and took the offered canister. He opened it warily, unrolled the parchment and began to read. For the second time in a day, Gavin read a message from his compatriots and was surprised.
“Well!” the ally demanded.
Gavin responded, “It is as you say.”
“So, trust is established then?” At the skeptical look from Gavin, the creature chuckled. Again, the sound made Gavin cringe. “Well, maybe not trust then, but an understanding.”
Now it was Gavin’s turn to chuckle. “I concede the point. But wouldn’t such a prize be better captured than destroyed?”
“And who would pilot and crew, the vessel? you? No, follow your instructions, stay alive.” The shrouded figure shifted a breath closer but seemed to grow in mass and size till it loomed over Gavin, “We have deemed you principled and though you only now know of us, our patronage has its values as you will come to know.” With those words another message tube was extended ”You and I, or one of my kind, will meet again.” Without another word, the creature faded back into the woods.  Once the creature was out of eye shot, Gavin heard the strange whooshing sound he had heard before. He had the impression of a large shadow racing overhead.
Gavin reflected on the conversation he just had. What were the creatures they had aligned with? What deal struck? What of their humanity was given up? He rolled the cylinder lightly between his fingers; what did it mean? With a resigned sigh, Gavin chose to trust his allies if with reservation. Grudgingly he broke the seal and read with interest and anger. With a growl he crushed the canister in his fist. Something for later he decided, but for now the time was at hand.
“Matric,” Gavin called with a booming voice that he had used often to be heard across battling ships. “Double the scouts. Ensure that we will not be caught unawares by accident or design. Spread the word there are to be no witnesses. Malec, gather the Captains and send them to my tent.” He had information to divulge while there was still time.
“Aye, aye, sir,” Matric and Malec intoned together. They were near twins of each other stout, grim, and plain. It was a marvel that they were not brothers by blood. 
On long strides, Gavin headed toward his tent. His first mate Balwer joined him there. “Master, I do not like being ashore. This land does not feel right, and it is nothing like the shores that we are used to. I’m also concerned with the distance between here and the walls. There is too much space between the two. If we are seen…” his voice trailed off. 
“Be at ease. The night will hide us. Remember, our goals are not the same as this scum that dares call these lands theirs and balks at the claim of either Aviendora or Farstrider. They have reason enough to hate the Pigeon Roost, and we are helping them as much as they are helping us. Success will be ours if they raise the city or their bodies are laid out for the crows.”
“Yes, sir.”
Balwer was a good and steady first mate. As with all who spent more time off shore than on, inland could be intimidating. Coastal towns and cities were much different from those of the inland, and many a sailor had become uneasy from not smelling the familiar scents of the ocean, the rolling gate of the sea, or the fresh breezes that came off the water.
Two men brushed past the tent opening and approached Gavin. “Ah, Regan, Pharis, thank you for joining me. I have some new information for you.”
The two mercenary captains gave a slight bow to the Master. Very few Masters were aligned with land dwellers, particularly those not affiliated with Farstrider itself. While distasteful to Gavin, he found having a loyal ground force gave him more influence. And these two had been instrumental in gaining the locals favor and support for this assault. 
“There is a man within the City who I would like killed. He is too clever for his own good, and I am not sure if he is here by design or by change. When the plan commences, I would like you to place some men on this task. Balwer will give you his description and the location he should be. Feel free to kill whoever is with him as well. I don’t like loose ends.” 
“It shall be as you say Master,” Regan promised.
“Pharis, at the heart of the city lies one of the blasted Aviendoran air ships, take a detachment of your men and make your way to it. Destroy that blasted ship at all costs.”
“Be glad to, Master Gavin. Damn pigeons won’t be able to recover from that,” Pharis chuckled cruelly.
“Be ready then. We will begin tonight.” Gavin did not watch the two mercenaries go. He moved to a thin table covered in several maps of Brionne. His gaze passed over them marking every detail. How many times had he reviewed them? How long in putting this operation into place? This gambit would not fail. 
After long moments he turned away. “Come,” he commanded and moved out into the half light of dusk once more. Balwer despite his unease was steady at his side. He moved to an overlook at the top of his low hill. Brionne sat waiting in the far distance, waiting for him to come for her. He continued to stare at the city for a long time as the darkness came.
#
“She is such a living breathing thing,” Adrik commented off handedly taking in the many varied districts of Brionne. He stood, a grim overseer atop the praesidium. It was the first garrison barracks within Brionne. Of course there were several more built as the city needed them. It was a great bulky tower which was uncommon amongst Aviendora save the keeps of the great desert. It was not their measure by any means. They were giants, but it was broad and dense; however, it did retain the typical Aviendoran arches and high pointed eaves. He stood atop its highest parapet hands locked upon the stone balustrade. 
The city was so organized yet such a patchwork with its many markets; there were several plus a bazaar. The craftsman quarters, there were two the original close to the inner keep, later as the city expanded a second rose up deeper amongst the warren of streets and buildings. With that growth came two artisan quarters, merchant neighborhoods, parks, a banking quadrant, several judiciary houses, and more, but no matter how the city had grown it was laid out the same. 
City planners and engineers had coordinated a grid of neighborhoods stretching out from the central keep. The spiderweb of roads and streets were a network to eliminate congestion open up lanes and options of commerce and travel. Additionally it allowed him to react, to reach a location at speed or cordon off a part of the city if necessary.  
There were only two breaks in that carefully aligned network of roads, the docking field and far-town. The docking field was a massive verdant pasture aligned with posts and rigs to support and assist any of Aviendora’s technological wonders. There was one there now, moored and tethered in a birth dock. Not a large vessel as he understood these things, but it was impressive all the same. Long, narrow, sleek, a knife cutting through the sky. 
Then there was Far-town. A ramshackle jumble of buildings took up a huge block of one far wall of the city. It was constructed from the idea of hope. Those who made a meager life here before the Aviendoran expansion and Farstriders, of course, merchants and citizens that dwelled or traded these lands. It was meant to be a peace offering, a place to help integrate the peoples. Friendship and peace were ideals and important to the Astrael, to let these disparate people build their own homes their own lives. But he had to confess if just to himself, it was ugly. No real rhythm or harmony in those structures as if built for expediency rather than longevity. 
He watched Far-town for long moments his mind awash with the weights he bore. There was an increase in raider activity, but it didn't seem to impact the citizenry. Their organization was different too from the limited reports he had. Tarryl with his insights into the Farstrider community. There was a tension as well. He didn’t know from where, perhaps it was just him. Wisps and grunkins, Stallward had called it. 
Ellayne had not been pleased with him holding it all in, but she had forgiven and been understanding. Understanding enough to give him very little sleep. A smile slid across his face unbidden, and his ears grew hot. Stupid fool, concentrate on what needs your attention.  
Brionne needed him present, the citizenry needed him to be present. The nagging wrongness that had plagued him for weeks like a shroud of mystery and threat was ever a weight, but he was caught up in other thoughts. Again his ears burned. 
He shook himself visibly. focusing his gaze and thoughts on anything before him. The airfield with its vast swaths of emerald grasses is where he settled. The distant silhouette of the airship itself visible but indistinct. The Rapier he believed it was called. He had seen it up close when it had first arrived. In flight it used a great rectangular air bladder. Twin air catchers or wings were used on either side of the ship to maximize speed and maneuverability. 
They were by his mind inspiring. Not that he ever wanted to fly in one, but they were magnificent. Sleek, powerful, majestic, a technological marvel beyond his comprehension. Above all it gave Aviendora authority and superiority in so many things. They were nearly as much a national treasure as the Astrael. Well, that wasn’t true. Without the Astrael they were all lost, as small and petty as the Farstriders. 
“Lord Castellan.” 
The call jerked Adrik from his contemplation. Ryk and Gregor strode evenly toward him. The big man had a wide grin across his face, even Ryk looked pleased. 
“You both are in far to good a humor. Will I need explain something to the Warden or worse the Steward?” 
The barrel chested Constable laughed a thick bellowing thunder “If Ryk were left to his own devices perhaps, Lord, but no we solved your puzzle for you.” 
The lean man flashed his fellow a dark look but there was no real heat in it, “Yes, Castellan we have found the pattern, though it was not easy.” 
“There was one.” Adrik stated matter of fact excitement tinging his words and a glint of victory in his gaze. He knew there was something. “Come,” He waved them along as he strode past. He would take their report in his offices. His mind was already creating different scenarios, actions and reactions. 
The three quickly traversed the halls of the praesidium, not the wide galleries of the city palace or the narrow lanes found in almost every home or building. These were broad and stout to allow mobility of motion for the soldiers that dwelled within but low of ceiling. It was a quick stride down one hall, then another, and third, then moments through his thick metal strapped office door Aldrik commanded, “Tell me.” 
“It wasn’t easy to see.” Ryk started pulling several sheets of parchment from a pouch at his waste. 
“Nearly impossible,” Gregor broke in gruffly. “Nothing made any sense.” 
“I hate to admit it was Gregor who found the clue,” The lean Constable smoothed out the parchments over the heavy thick desk that dominated the room. Charts and numbers filled more than one maps another two. 
“Of course, it was,” Gregor smiled wolfishly. 
“Should just kill off all the filthy Farstriders?” Ryk questioned innocently. “Isn’t that what you said?” 
Adrik raised an eyebrow at that. 
“Vile rat, I said no such thing” The giant man spluttered his face growing crimson in indignation. 
“Well, perhaps, I misheard” a sly smile crept across Ryk’s face.
“Gentlemen,” Adrik’s voice was quiet and cut like steel. “I give you certain liberties due to your effectiveness, but I will not hear of race bating or slurring from my officers even in jest.” His eyes held each man in turn. 
“Yes, Castellan. Sorry, Adrik,” The pair muttered shamefaced. 
“Please, continue.” Adrik’s annoyance was a small thing, it was not as if he had never heard disparagement of Farstriders before. Sadly far too often. But these were his finest; they should be better. 
“Uh, yes, of course.” Ryk looked down at the sheets of parchment momentarily at a loss. It was a rare thing for the man. “Yes, anyway it was proposed that perhaps there was a concerted effort against the Farstriders, not necessarily against Aviendora.” 
“We were caught up to much in a threat against us, not them, you see,” Gregor broke in gruffly. 
“But there has been no noticeable change in goods from the Farstrider merchants, no complaints?” Adrik questioned warily the words of his father in law coming back to him in a rush. This region had become more dangerous of late. 
“Well, we have asked around about that. These Farstrider merchants are a tight lipped bunch but...” Ryk started.
“But a drunk merchant is far more free with his tongue,” Gregor finished grinning again. 
Ryk flashed the other man a sidelong glare. “There have been raids against the merchants themselves. Frequent it seems, mostly smaller convoys or lone wagons. It explains the increased raider sightings without an increase in raids on Aviendoran interests.”
“But why wouldn’t any merchant report anything?” Adrik queried.
“They’re Farstrider,” Gregor bellowed “They don’t trust our justice, just our coin.” 
“But it’s brilliant. The raiders are reselling what they’re stealing, at least a lot of it anyway.” Ryk had almost an admiring look as he spoke, he was a man who appreciated intelligence Adrik knew, and schemes. “So the merchants gain product without the costs of transport. Their margin increases. It is enough to risk venturing to Brionne for a bit of extra coin.” 
“Farstriders!” Gregor bellowed his deep rumble of a laugh. “Only farstriders!” 
“Only if your not the next victim,” Adrik pointed out.
“There is that,” Ryk shrugged acknowledging the statement. 
“It’s still a short term benefit,” Adrik pondered aloud. “Eventually you will drive out any smaller caravan. The larger Caravan’s are well armed. One would need a sizable force to tackle a strong merchant house.” His mind flashed over Ellayne’s father, how long would he be safe in an environment like this?
“True but the short term proves profitable, and that’s if it’s a third party.” Ryk stated.
“What do you mean?” 
“This got his blood up, he’s been thinking good and hard on this one.” Gregor nodded to the other man.
“What if the point is to drive away competition. If you were a major merchant house orchestrating this, then in the short term you would gain profits, a lot of profits and in the long term start to establish a monopoly. I don’t think we are dealing with common raiders I think we’re dealing with an authority with power and influence,” Ryk closed darkly. 
Again Adrik’s thought flashed on his father in-law. The man was concerned, but was he concerned for the sake of risk or for his business as a whole. He knew the man to be somewhat of an opportunist, did he believe this was all the work of competition? He hinted that there was more to Far-town than it appeared, all but recommended that Adrik take a closer look. 
“Its a bit premature for the season, but perhaps we should audit far-town.” Adrik threw the idea out for the two to process. 
“It seems a prudent course,” Gregor noted.
“It might dig up a bit more, it might scare somebody off,” Ryk mused, “but it seems a necessary step.” 
“Good, I will send a request to the steward and head of clerks. We need to move on this quickly I think; I don’t like the feel of things.” 
#
It was time. Regan could feel the tension clawing at the night. It thrummed in his flesh. The hair on his arms stood rigid, and his heart raced in anticipation. He sat crouched on the balls of his feet, his muscles tensed. Regan could hear every insect, every breath his men made, before any battle his senses felt heightened, every time and filled him with vigor and strength. One felt only alive when death loomed like a shadow. 
The men that surrounded him, dressed in dark leather to hide amongst the shadows and night, had crept quietly across the expanse between the low hills and the high walls of Brionne. They had stopped halfway to the wall amongst the low grasses and waited. An eternity of waiting it felt to him with every gust and breeze feeding the tension within him.
The men crouched quietly, careful to stay at the edge of visibility. He was not alone in his tension. His was for the thirst for combat he knew, but wondered if it was the same for the others? The tension continued to build like a slow rhythmic vibration in his bones. Muscles clenched and unclenched, readying for the upcoming charge. Weapons were drawn, shield buckles tightened, and the men formed up in their small units.
“As soon as the signal is raised, start the men forward,” Gavin had told him before this invasion began. Regan had signaled to the runners who passed the word up and down the line. So they waited seemingly for an eternity. Then when he thought he might burst from the lust for action a bell began to ring from somewhere in Fartown. As the bell began to peal, the men stood, and slowly began their advance. Long moments passed as they crept forward, the bell’s chanting a melancholy dirge. Suddenly a mammoth explosion shook the wall that loomed before them.
Regan and his men were buffeted even so far away. It was as if he were struck by an invisible hand, a broad palm slamming against his chest and face. It brought him to a stumbling halt, but only for a moment as a grin spread across his features. Master Gavin had powerful allies indeed as he peered out into he darkness toward Brionne. 
Where once was solid wall, a gaping hole now could be seen. Regan could hear the screams of the injured and the terrified even above the warning bells that continued unabated. The explosion must have caused massive damage to the buildings and people on the inside of the wall. As he approached great chunks of the barricade were strewn across his path, debris must have been cast hundreds of feet from the city. Regan had no pity for those who must have been standing within the blast radius. Even his ears rang at this distance.  
“Move,” shouted Regan, and five hundred men began to run, picking up speed as they throttled to the breach. His force comprised of land dwellers and seamen, less than half his own. The others were chaff as far as he was concerned. Like locusts they swarmed through the hole that had been blown into the city wall. This area of Fartown was mostly deserted at night, but chaos still held sway. Fires seemed to be everywhere. Homes and buildings were devastated, and bodies, what there were, littered the ground in charred and broken heaps. No resistance was there for them. Out of the flickering light of flame and death, men materialized. His force was joined by another several hundred. these had slowly been introduced to the city by his master’s allies and had stayed at different locations around Fartown ready for this night. They had set the district alight to distract from Regan’s coming. 
“Everyone, forward,” bellowed Regan. “Pharis, take your squads and make your way to the docking fields. The airship has not risen yet and will be easy to burn. Make such a fire as can be seen by the camp. Let Master Gavin know the deed has been accomplished.”
The men fanned out, small companies heading to predetermined locations within Brionne. Regan knew that few homes in Fartown would be left unmolested, the dogs of this land that hated the pigeons nearly as much as his master were a spiteful, rabid, and cruel bunch. Regan saw that the looting began in earnest as their erstwhile allies broke ranks and let their baser instincts take over. Wood splintering could be heard as doors were smashed in, and the screams inside told what occurred to the occupants. The destruction was rampant and random, reminiscent of the raids that frequently beset the coastal towns by marauding pirates in the infancy of Farstrider history. The attack was fast and deadly, and covered up its real purpose.  
#
Gavin gazed over the dark field, waiting to observe the upcoming carnage. How he hated the arrogant Aviendorans, whose airships could rain death and chaos with impunity on the vessels of his kinsman. He hated them more than the blasted Farstrider family, but not by much. He was eager for the fight to begin, even though he would not be participating. His part of the plan was now complete, and he would carry word to his comrades of the actions success or failure.
The rhythmic crunch of boots announced someone approaching from the backside of the low hill atop which Gavin occupied. “Gavin,” Marsters called in greeting. “It has been a while.”
“Marsters, I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised that you are involved. What part do you have to play?”
“Well, let’s just say it’s explosive,” said Marsters, a wicked grin creasing his face. Then abruptly the smile faltered. “Tarryl is in Brionne. I have sent men to take care of him. I hope the rotten whore’s son dies like the dog he is.”
“Damn.” Gavin muttered feigning surprise. He had been versed already but through carrier pigeon, and he knew not if it was sent by Marsters or another. Better the pretense of ignorance than the tipping off of another, even one’s supposed allies. “What do you suppose he knows?”
“Nothing as far as I could tell. His daughter lives here, she married a Pigeon spawn. His arrival could be coincidence, but with him you never know.” Marsters spat on the ground. 
“It may be as you say. The man is cunning, that cannot be denied.  I hope you put good men on his path. Not like it will help them though if he sees them coming.” 
Suddenly, a bright light lit the city wall, followed by a deafening sound. Gavin did not flitch at the sudden thunder nor give any indication that it was unexpected. Lesser men might, but he was a Master of ship and sail; he would not show such weakness. He turned and peered across the dark expanse to the city beyond. There was a blackness there. The lights of the walls had gone out. Then against a growing corona of flame a large hole appeared in the wall, and a roar erupted from the throats of hundreds of men hungry for battle. Gavin noted that Marsters was true to his word, explosive indeed. “The war begins,” he stated gravely.
#
Faust bustled out the front door of his inn. The robust man in all rights played the jovial innkeeper. But his masks were varied and complete in their illusions to maintain The Manor or rather the brothel within her walls, to cater to the best of Farstrider and even Aviendoran, at times, was a tight rope, to establish a reputation of excellence and still maintain certain activities… Faust had never been of the ocean like so many. He was a land lubber and shunned for it. But he had been clever and resourceful. He built his own little kingdom here with tendrils stretching far and wide. But he was Farstrider even if the ship captains and masters refused to see. More the fool them and easier to take their coin for it. 
The pungent stench of smoke tinged the air. It hinted inside, but out in the yard it was palpable. “What’s going on?” he asked a group of his toughs that stood looking toward the hazy glow that seemed to be lighting the night all about. There were screams in the night too. 
“Fire broke out and it’s spreading. spreading fast from the look and sound,” Ghar stated flatly disbelief in his voice. The man was thick and broad his nose a little offset from some ancient break. 
“Get some of the men to the pumps. Water the walls I won’t let the Manor fall to flames.” Faust hooked his thumbs in his belt as he surveyed the buildings all about and their proximity to his inn. 
“It’s not just a fire, I think.” Spetz muttered distractedly. The man didn't have Ghar’s girth but he had enough guile for the both of them. 
“Not just a fire?” Faust questioned and looked again. The fire was very widespread for just a random act. Almost as if it were engineered. The whispers and suggestions of raiders from his patronage came back to him. Perhaps there was far more than some merchant vendettas or even random attacks going on. Much more. 
There was a roaring from the streets beyond and the screams seemed to intensify. What was that? Ghar hefted his mace readying himself. Spetz eased daggers free from sheaths at his waste. The blood drained from his face as realization filled Faust. That roaring were men, hundred’s of them. 
“To arms!” Faust yelled, “There’s a run on the Manor! To arms!” 
#
Bells echoed a grim melancholy as the fresh clean scent of the night was poisoned with thick noxious fumes. Adrik watched with hard searching eyes. Far-town was a bright flicking corona as the fires ate their way through that quarter of Brionne. 
As Adrik watched out over the city from the roof of the praesidium, Gregor and several senior guardsmen flanked him uneasily watching the flames lick the skies. He had ordered Ryk and his units to coordinate the fire brigades and assist in the evacuation, sent runners to inform the city steward and Warden of the situation, and rallied his officers to coordinate the city aid efforts.  
Now he waited with an unease like liquid lightning building in his veins. There was something very wrong with this fire. Far-town was ripe for fire, with lumber structures poorly made and worse poorly maintained. It was a tinder box, but the suddenness of this blaze unnerved him. 
His mind was a blur skimming through the last several weeks. The raids, Tarryl and his warnings, Ryk and Gregor’s pattern. Was this just happenstance? Was this another chance to target farstriders? What better opportunity to take advantage? He looked out over that fire, the bells a constant drum beat in his head, like the pulse of this city beating to its own destruction. 
“Gregor!” Adrik barked into the night. 
“Aye,” the burly man chimed in at once. 
 “I want Far-town isolated. I want Armsmen at every street and every possible exit. They are there to assist Ryk’s men with the evacuation but they need to be prepared to set up for standard enfilade protocols if necessary.” 
“Lord?”
“There’s something wrong with this,” Adrik muttered watching the crimson glow. “I think there is more to this than just a simple fire gone awry. You are my insurance Gregor, in case I’m right.”  
“Lord!” The giant man confirmed with a grunt and turned to go. 
“Warn Ryk, prepare him for the worst.” 
“I’ll keep him alive, Castellan.” 
#
Branaugh stumbled forward calling in a pained voice, “Marauders! Help! Marauders!” His voice came in labored breaths panting with the effort of escaping Far-Town. Uniformed figures loomed up out of the half light of the street lanterns. 
“Citizen?” Came the questioning response.
“Oh, thank you,” Branaugh called his relief near palpable as he collapsed to his knees as if spent. “Thank you...” He trailed off weakly. 
Arms reached down supporting him, faces filled his vision, voices filled his ears. “Are you well? What did you say? What is this of Marauders?” 
“The fire is but a ruse,” He gasped “Marauders are killing everybody, burning everything.” 
“Rolf, go!” One voice called out, “To the senior guardsman!” 
Branaugh let his body slump, words became a furious buzz to his ears. He allowed himself a small satisfactory smile. Tarryl would be pleased he had done his part well. Alarm would be raised, defenses placed, this attack would find a city not so unaware. 
#
Pharis looked up with a feral grin as the flames seemed to reach grasping for the sky. The Manor was one of the larger structures in Far-Town, it was satisfying to see it burn. He glanced about taking in the debris and body strewn earth. The screams sang to him. The smell of wood smoke the tinge of fear, he always felt alive in the chaos of conflict. Some thought him broken in mind because of it. Well, let them. He chuckled darkly to himself. 
“Not wealthy or clever enough, eh?” he jeered coldly as his gaze fell upon the fat inn keeper Faust. The man lay in the mud a cleaver still clutched in one hand. 
Pharis had work to do, but he had allowed himself this one diversion. Faust had had him beaten and thrown from The Manor once upon a time. For the simple matter of being too rough with one of his girls. Fool had surely regretted that decision. Pharis bent down and spat on the corpse. “One must be mindful of one’s patrons, Faust. The customer is always right.” 
With that last scornful act he straightened and motioned to his chosen few. “Come we have the Master’s work to be done.” 
#
Ryk grunted his frustration, his muscles screaming their fatigue. The stink of fire and death clogged his nose and throat. He spit again though he knew it would do no good. He wondered if he would ever get the putrid taste out of his mouth. He scanned the ragged band of soldiers that he lead. tired, haggard, but still steady. He was proud of his men, proud of their loyalty to duty, to Brionne. If any night would test that it was this one. For this night was accursed. His mission of mercy, of support had collapsed into one of survival. The fire was a diversion for invasion. One moment he was overseeing a water team, the next there was a blast like a thunderbolt and figures materialized out of the night. How many died in those first few minutes he didn't know. From those first moments it was a battle for survival. 
His skin felt charred, his thigh throbbed a steady drum beat of pain from a knife slash. That one nearly had him, a duelist Ryk thought with the way the man moved. Bray had saved him, Bray was dead now with a slash to the throat. Just one of many, It was a bloody terrible night. Ryk's sword was before him like a talisman against the evils of this night. 
Ryk had formed up what men he had and gathered up any others he could find placing them in a thin wedge formation with a throng of terrified citizenry in their wake. He was determined to break from far-town, to reform and report. Adrik needed to know what was happening here. He hoped the castellan already did and was forming a defense but the whole of Brionne could be a pyre, burning and the castellan didn’t know. 
“Not far now!,” he called out “A few more streets! Stay alert and we’ll get through!” He could see proper Aviendoran buildings with their high peaked roofs in the distance, and they were growing ever closer. He hoped it would be soon, then he heard savage calls above the cracking fire touched timbers, whimpering cries from the city, and heavy footfalls of those he escorted. 
“They come again!” he roared. “Remember your brother at your side their numbers falter under our discipline!” 
Then through a smoke clogged street a mass rushed. They were a ragged looking group, a patch work of clothing and styles, weapons and faces. He could see the startled look in their gaze as they saw Ryk’s men. It fell away in a flash replaced by the hard look of the killer.  
#
Gregor's eyes burned with an inner flame. "The astrael protect," he whispered as the magnitude of the messengers words struck home. He had barely set his men in place, Adrik’s orders barely put in place when a runner, wild eyed and gasping against the smoke was brought before him. His words were like a dagger in Gregor’s guts. An enemy that they did not fully know, they had broken the walls and were already at their necks. This was catastrophe or near enough. He shook himself, remembering why he was there, how had Adrik known? 
"The astrael favors the castellan," he muttered his gaze taking in the neat lines of armored figures that stood barrier to any that might cross. He new that there would be dozens of units like those here at every street or alley that aloud entrance from far-town.
Held loosely and ready in every hand would be the thick hand held repeater bolt throwers called gryphon's talons or talon’s for short. They were heavy but elegant with winged crossbars and long hooked faces like beaks.
“These black assassins will not find us unaware,” Gregor growled his rage a near palpable thing. “Runners!” he roared “I need more runners!” His furious gaze fell upon the thin figure before him, the youth stepped back from that anger. Runners were always so young. “To the Praesidium with you, boy. Tell the Castellan all that you reported to me, and be like lightning for the city itself rests on your shoulder!” 
#
“If your neighbors get it in their heads that this attack is Farstrider then you and I will find both our heads in the noose merely for being born in the wrong place.” Tarryl growled grabbing his daughter and forcing her roughly back inside her home. “And your husbands name will protect neither one of us.”
“You judge too harshly I think,” Ellayne broke his grasp pulling away with a glare. Smoothing her dress she straightened noticeably. “Not everybody is about self interest.”
“Living with these soft minded Aviendoran’s has blinded you daughter,” Tarryl growled. “People, no matter what people will degrade into animals if given half an opportunity.”
“That dear father is why you will fail.” Her eyes were alight with anger “Adrik is not driven by greed and self interest, he is more than you give him credit, more than I did certainly, and he is more a true man than I have ever met or am worthy to have wed.”
Ellayne looked at Tarryl and wondered at her need for his approval. As brilliant as her father was he was so limited, “You know nothing of him, or us.” 
“Perhaps, I could be mistaken,” she saw no belief in that statement in her fathers gaze. He was a man of absolutes, his absolutes. “But if not for me, then for Adrik, stay indoors this could be dangerous.” 
“I’m not so fragile.”
“I know full well your prowess with a blade my dear. But your arm is not needed in this. Your safety is needed by your husband and myself.” He moved close to her again and gently clasped her shoulders, “We may disagree, but I will always fear for you and wish only for your well being.” 
Tarryl was always a dichotomy of kind gentleness and ruthless manipulations. She loved and hated her father, “I will be safe.” She stated simply.
“Thank you,” Tarryl’s smile was warm, genuine. Then he turned and slipped out the door in a rush. 
“Father!” Ellayne called in surprise. “Sneaky cheat,” she hissed in frustration. He had no intention of sitting this out. All of his talk of threat, need for safety was for her, not a hint for himself.
#
The smoke was an invisible shroud in the dark but the tang of it filled Tarryl’s senses as he rushed from street to street. The people of Brionne milled about like cattle in the streets. There were cries in the night but mostly the confused and frightened voices of a people caught in the throws of the unknown. 
He had not lied to his daughter; he believed these people would turn on them as easily as the swells of a storm if they understood the truth of events. He merely needed to ensure they never did. 
#
“By the Astrael,” Stallward growled as he barreled through one room then another. The bells were ringing, fire they chimed, and he was here. “Much! Race! Where are you two?” Where were his consuls? His teeth ground in frustration. Worst time for those two to disappear. He snatched up his heavy uniform jacket and pushed his way into the night. 
He was assailed by the stink of smoke and the true urgency of the cities warning bells. “I could use a horse,” He grumbled cursing his consuls once more. 
He thundered toward the stable sliding his jacket across his shoulders. Brionne needed him, and he was here. His gaze slid across the citadel at the cities heart. Shards of majesty reaching toward the heavens. The Steward would not be pleased. He shook himself, duty first politics second. His thoughts were such a jumble he almost missed the shadow that pulled itself out of the dark. 
“Ho’,” Stallward called jerking up short his fist finding purchase on the hilt of his blade. 
He was answered by the ring of steel as half a dozen swords slid free from their sheaths. Only then did he notice the other figures moving easily from the shadows all about. This was no mere fire.
“Astrael protect and guide my hand,” The old campaigner whispered into the night before lunging toward his closest assailant. 
#
“Loose!” Gregor bellowed. A throng of figures rushed out of a street of Far-Town roaring a mad chorus blades held high. These raiders were reckless, callous, or foolish to charge his line so. There was some effort in this one, however, at least compared to the two before. 
With a heavy base chunk Talons launched a deadly spray of iron shod bolts into the mass. The front line seems to simply melt as men collapsed and roaring turned to screams of agony and death. With that the charge faltered.
“Loose!” Gregor bellowed once more. He knew the fast load chambers that all Talons used would make them ready once more. It was what made the devices truly such a deadly weapon and so heavily sought after by enemies of Aviendora. With his second command the charge broke altogether as even more fell before the onslaught. Those few men who remained able to flee did so in sheer panic. 
This was a dirty affair. With the fire, refugees had spilled out of Far-Town like rats leaving a sinking ship. And now raiders were attempting break outs across his lines. Poorly conceived attempts thus far. Gregor could not understand this stratagem. If it was against Fartstrider interests that would be complete with the destruction of far-town then why press into Brionne proper? 
He could use Ryk’s mind with this. The man was keen and observant; he would see the pattern understand the methods. Where was the man? By the Astrael, he had best be alive.
#
Tarryl could smell the acrid tinge of smoke. He could almost taste it. The fire was getting worse for him to sense it so here at the edge of the airship field. At his back one of his men spat into he dark. He hissed softly reminding the dozen figures that accompanied him the importance of silence. 
He had found them easily enough; they were a good sort and followed orders well. They waited just where he had instructed. Now was the waiting for him as well, a tedious but necessary thing. The Aviendoran penchant for high narrow buildings served them well. allowing them to hide easily within the shadows of the houses at the airfield’s edge. 
Tarryl scrutinized the long sleek lines of the airship that rested at the field’s heart. It was well lit with lanterns ringing it roundabout on all sides. A couple of guards stood upon its decks and two at its loft plank. What he wouldn’t give to get his hands on her. It was tempting he admitted but in the end futile. He didn't doubt he could take the vessel but fly it? That was beyond him and his crew. For the moment at any rate. 
“Where are they?” 
“Quiet,” Tarryl hissed back, never breaking his vigilant watch over the ship before him. He was wondering that himself. Had his information been mistaken? He didn't think so. This attack was ultimately doomed why else use inland scum for it? But if Brionne was raised, it would surely bring about war. A war Farstrider himself had forbade. Was that truly the only objective? But what a prize to the Farstrider nation if an airship could be acquired. 
“There,” One of his men whispered. Heller or Ispar? It didn’t matter. His gaze darted to find the motion the other man had caught. Yes, there. Just outside the light of the lamps, movement. He waited a moment making sure. The guards suddenly pitched forward or back as if struck and then that movement materialized into figures rushing out of the night.
“Now!” Tarryl barked rushing forward himself loosening his sword in its hilt.
#
Pharis gazed out across the docking field, the airship sitting invitingly in the middle. A small force of Aviendorans guarded the valuable vessel, but they were terribly outnumbered by his men. They would be of little consequence. “I don’t see any other guards. Make ready the naphtha. Once we eliminate the guards, we will douse the ship, set it ablaze and return to Far-town.” Pharis reviewed his men, eager hungry gazes replied in kind. “When we withdraw, we will make for the rendezvous and leave this city to burn.”
Men nodded, acknowledging the command. Some of his men would surely fall, but they were close to achieving their goal. Such was the nature of his business. The Pigeon’s would feel the sting of the sea. No one wished to awaken a leviathan. But these foolish Aviendoran’s had done just that encroaching on lands that were not theirs. Pharis could understand greed and power, but when such appetites brought you against something greater than yourself, you were a fool and would be destroyed. It was exactly what these pigeon’s had done. The Master’s had been awakened and their vengeance would be merciless.
“Attack,” hissed Pharis. The men poured out of the alley across that darkened expanse toward those unsuspecting below. The rhythmic drumming in Pharis’s veins kept time as his foot falls beat against the grassy earth. Twin blades were hefted loosely in each hand. He was quickly sprinting ahead of his men hungry for combat. He was almost there. Then with a ferrel growl he sprang atop the first guard swords flashing. 
Pharis’s men swarmed over the guard and onto the decks of the airship. He saw Henge a broad shouldered brute tackle one man his arm stabbing again and again with a long dagger. Kahn threw needle thin knife after knife into blue and white liveried figures at distance. It was over in moments. 
“Quickly,” Pharis commanded the night, “douse her decks and hull. Every inch now.”  
From his peripheral vision, Pharis saw a disturbance from the dark. As he turned to gain a better vantage, men surged out of the night. Pharis roared his anger that quickly turned to horror as he saw both Kahn, Henge, and so many others cut down like chaff. The hunters had become the prey. 
#
Ellayne paced irritably. She could plainly smell the smoke without, could hear the bells, but was powerless to react. She alone amongst her neighbors knew what danger had broken into the city and she was bound here without the ability to act or effect events. 
“Curse the man!” She growled in frustration. 
“Lady?” Mendel inquired worryingly. 
“What is it?” She snapped not realizing the Consul had entered. The startled look on the man’s face brought her back to herself. She had actually reacted without thought. When was the last time she had done such a thing? Her father was to blame, of course, he could always bring out the worst in her. Was he alive out there? What of Adrik? Sun and stars, he had best be well. He was her heart, and she did not know if she could endure without him. 
“My apologies, dear Mendel. This night it has unnerved me I think.”
“Of course, lady. A fire and the bells, they do not stop. It is enough to grate on anybody.” 
“Yes, yes it is,” she smiled reassuringly. Should she pity his ignorance or envy it?
Thump came a heavy knock on the door. Then again with urgency. 
“Pardon, Lady,” Mendel bowed slightly and turned away.
“Wait. I will accompany you.” At least greeting a guest would give her something to occupy her mind. 
“If you wish?” Mendel queried. The man should be used to her being headstrong by now. He also did not know what this night truly was, and he was not Farstrider. A knock could very well be more than just a knock. 
She glided forward taking him by the arm as she did so. Amusement and shock in equal measure spread across his round face. Together, she leading not that any could tell as they moved as one, they moved from waiting room to front hall. The knocking never subsided for a moment. 
“Ask,” Ellayne stated simply, softly.
With a quizzical sidelong glance the Consul did as he was bid. “Yes?” he called loudly so that those without would hear “What business do you have?” 
“I bring a message.” came the response in a measured voice.
“Regarding?” Mendel responded looking more puzzled by the moment.
Ellayne understood his confusion an Aviendoran messenger would not present themselves thus. There were protocols for all things particularly a guild bound messenger or a military one.
Ellayne released his arm growing as cold and empty as the deadly floating ice islands of the great north. “Fetch my sword please?” she commanded softly.
“Lady?” The incredulity in the man’s voice was plain. 
“My sword,” Ellayne stated adding urgency and no small part sternness. “Haste might be best, Master Mendel.” 
“I am to bring a message to a Tarryl. That is all I know.”
Of course, it would be her father once again. The man only brought trouble in his wake. 
“Lady, if the messenger is from Far-town they might not know the proper way of things?” Mendel pleaded.
“Now,” She responded impatiently. Outward she was the calm before the breaking swells and roiling clouds came forth. Within she was far less composed. 
Mendel shuffled away grumbling to himself, and the voice returned. “I said I have a message for Tarryl.” There was less assurance this time and more heat. 
Ellayne did not answer. If this person was truly what they proclaimed they would grow impatient, leave, and return later. If they were not… so she merely waited.
Moments stretched and then a thud reverberated from the door. This was no knock; this was a body, a heavy body that slammed against the door. Briefly she wondered how many were beyond. Could not be too many. a large group would garner attention. She felt fear, a deep clawing thing that squeezed and squeezed threatening to choke the life from her chest.  
“Your sword, Lady,” Mendel rushed in red-faced and flustered. With that simple thing he broke the pall that had been pulled across her, giving her the momentary respite to push the dread away and bury it deep within. She had been trained for worse than this. She had dealt with worse than this, much worse.  
Thud
“Thank you.” It was only partly for the weapon. Deftly she unsheathed the long slender blade. “Would you be a dear and take a knife, perhaps a cleaver from the kitchens would be best. Check the two windows upstairs; make sure none are trying to get in from there.” 
Thud. 
“And if you could get a count of the ruffians, please?” 
“Yes, yes. Knife, window, yes” Mendel stumbled over the words as he rushed away.
Thud, crack.
Ellayne sighed and turned her attention to the door once more. She was well trained with a blade her father had seen to that and she had fought before. Irony. It was very similar to this she realized. Her father had been a magistrate then, and men had attacked the house. At least that was all she remembered or knew of it. She was very young then, and it was a year before the nightmares stopped. The face of the man she had killed however, that had never left here.
Thud, crack, crack.
Once more men threatened her home. They would not find a crying girl this time. She was birthed of Farstrider blood and married to Aviendoran. Were there any two peoples as strong? No these men would not find her cowering. She judged her situation in a flash. The door would allow them only one to enter at a time. she would face only one at a time. The advantage was hers. It was her last thought before the door broke completely. 
#
Regan heard the braying of the horns. Heard it and knew immediately what it meant. It was time to leave. He breathed in the chaos with a cold smile. Far-town burned, and the pigeons would be hard pressed to salvage any part of it. If any from this attack had broken through into Brionne proper the devastation would only swell as it was these flames might just fan into Aviendoran quarters without any more assistance than the wind. If Pharis was successful this would be a very joyous evening indeed. But anything more tonight was beyond him and his chosen few. 
Those of these lands who despised the Aviendoran encroachment would continue to their deaths as Master Gavin foresaw. But for him and his loyal force it was time to go. Regan had let the destruction pass beyond him and in the maelstrom that remained he had been moving steadily to the edge of far-town along the outer wall. 
“What is this?” Aston inquired at Regan’s side. The organized lanes and neat narrow structures of Aviendoran homes lay before them. But the fire that had accompanied them this far was absent. The cobblestone earth was damp here and there were bodies lying in heaps but not those of Brionne. These were raider corpses. 
“Quiet,” Regan hissed jerking up short and peered into the night. There was light amongst those houses and figures. “The Pigeons have rallied a defense here.” 
“What should we do?”
“We wait.” Regan smiled a dark cunning glinting in his eyes. “They think themselves safe. They will regret that position soon enough. Regret their pride and bravado too.” 
Regan and his men hunkered down in the shadows waiting. The screams of the dying and heavy smoke of burning wood filling their senses. They sat for long moments, then longer still, their muscles tight with strain, their bodies still abuzz with the thrill of violence. Regan breathed it in relishing the night. His master would reward him for this night’s work surely. As he mused he still waited, and waited. Feeling as if the stress of anticipation would overwhelm him and burst free forcing him into action. He barely held on to his composure. 
Then thunder struck. The second of the night. And a great sphere of light and fire erupted from the wall. Like its earlier brother it smashed against all about with an invisible hand of force. Debris crashed and fell against buildings and tore into men who were too close to that destructive fire. Regan and his men hiding amongst the building were well shielded but the Aviendorans in their ranks were far less fortunate. 
“Now!” Regan bellowed as he rushed toward the newly minted aperture. He did not know if his men could hear him. All sound was replaced with a high keening ringing in his ears. As he rushed forward men billowed out of the hole before him. A guarding force designed to open the way for Master Gavin’s chosen few.
Almost immediately the dark clad figures began to jerk and collapse to the water sodden earth. Thick shafts that could pierce armor punched through their leathers and flesh alike felling a score in organized rapidity. 
Curse the Pigeons! Regan thought darkly as he raced forward one of his own pitching forward a bolt through the neck. Their troops were disciplined he had to give them that. The explosion would have disoriented most troops for longer than that. It mattered little as with a few more strides he was darting though men and debris. Through the breach that had once been Brionne’s outer wall. Through the dust and grit still heavy in the air clawing tears from his eyes. Free from Brionne and driving his men out across the fields to the forested hills beyond. 
#
Gavin observed the chaos that had taken over Brionne. The walls surrounding Far-town and the city proper were aflame now. He shook his head sadly. So much death and destruction to bring about the old order. He considered it a waste, but necessary.
Marsters laughted, a look of triumph in his cold eyes. “Tarryl must surely be dead.” he gloated gleefully. Marsters was dangerously obsessed with the man Gavin noted. “And certainly the blasted airship is on fire. Oh, how I would love to have been down there. I have dreamt of this day for many years.”
“I am sure it was a rousing success,” Gavin stated with a hint of disgust. “But do not count this a win until we know if the objectives are truly met. Too often we celebrate before it is time.” Too often Marsters allowed pride to blind him. That more than anything else Gavin felt was what was fully responsible for his current disgrace. 
“Brionne burns. The first shots have been fired. Farstrider and Aviendora will be at war. It will destabilize those loyal to Janus and undermine his authority and control. What a beautiful sight it will be, with Janus and his brood dead. Time to raise a cup.”
A horn sounded in the distance, signaling the combatants to retreat. If all went well, Pharis will have destroyed the airship. If fortune smiled, he would also be dead. Fortunate for him the treasonous swine. Gavin hoped if he died that it was a painful one, Gavin would not be so forgiving to grant a clean one when next they met. One way or another, Pharis would pay for betraying him. No one sold his secrets to another Master. The creature’s second missive had been very informative. Now that this venture was complete Gavin could act upon the information. He did not tolerate disloyalty. 
“It is time for me to depart. I have business to which I must attend. I will leave this in your hands Marsters. Bring the men to the rendezvous point and await further orders. Get out as quick as possible. Use this distraction to your benefit. As you so eloquently put, we are now at war.”
#
Ellayne sipped primly at the hot tea cupped within her hand. She was keenly aware of the warmth that bled into her fingers from the porcelain. What an odd thing to be aware of at this moment, she mused. She sat demurely upon one chair within her sitting room. She must do something about her hair, it was rather unkept and not at all appropriate. Her hair was disheveled as one might expect after a certain amount of exertion. 
Ellayne was surprised that her hand did not shake. What a marvel. One would think that after such affairs of the night she would feel… something. But then she was alive and safe and was that not enough to take succor from under the circumstances? 
“Lady?” Kyrrel Inquired, a thin narrow eyed senior guardsman asked tentatively. 
“I am well,” she stated smoothly. “Why such ruffians would choose to violate my abode and not one of my neighbors I can only guess. I suspect it has more to do with my husband, Castellan Adrik, then myself.”   
“Yes, we suspect the same,” Kyrrel noted. “and we are glad to know that you are well.”
“Of course, if not for our consul Mendel here I surely would have been lost.” Ellayne nodded softly to one side.
Mendel sat, or rather draped in a shocked heaped stupor across the other chair. His gaze was glassy, his tea untouched. 
“He was so very valiant defending me with his life.” She smiled warmly toward the diminutive man. “Poor dear, it seems to have done him right in.” 
“Yes,” The senior guardsman looked upon the consul with a dubious frown, “I would not have guessed him capable of holding such men at bay much less killing several in the process.”
“A man of many talents it seems.”
#
Adrik walked slowly through the blackened wreckage and charred remains of Far-Town. The stench of ash and smoke permeated everything like a viscous film that coated the senses. A half dozen arms-men marched stiffly at his back. Gregor flanked him and wore grimness like a cloak. Ryk remained in the tender mercies of the thaumaturges. But at least he would survive; so many others would not.
This was a clever attack but not nearly successful. Not that one would know it from the death and destruction. The raiders brought against Brionne were not nearly enough to take the city. Burn it to the ground? If they had not given themselves away, if fortune favored them, if the men of Aviendora had not been so diligent… if he had not been warned. 
Tarryl that old wolf. His father in law was far too knowledgeable for a simple merchant. Not that there was ever anything simple about any Farstrider. The attacks were focused on Fartstrider interests, were Tarryl’s interests attacked any more aggressively than others or did he manage to escape fairly unscathed? Likely just enough damage to assuage suspicion. Could the man have orchestrated this whole affair? If so, he had blood on his hands and justice would need be served. 
There was no proof, nothing but conjecture. Something to investigate, but not for today. Adrik would have to put a watch on the man though, a very close watch. He would have felt uncomfortable at the idea any other day, but the night had dulled him to the duplicity. Everything felt dull and empty. 
“A black day.” Gregor growled angrily.
“Indeed,” Adrik nodded solemnly. 
“What does the Steward say?” Gregor queried a kindled light in his gaze. 
“Very little.” Adrik noted that look with empathy. the Steward had been displeased with events. more in possible loss of prestige and the negative mark he might have incurred in the Astrael’s eyes, but little true grief. If only the Warden were not one of the casualties of this terrible night. 
By the Astrael, he was tired and rest would not come to him for some time. He missed Elayne. She was safe he had made sure of that. She was safe and that was all that really mattered. 

#
“He was a tough one,” Grendev growled at Tarryl’s shoulder. 
“I should think,” Tarryl replied distractedly the wagon bench groaned softly as he shifted forward his gaze sweeping across low trees to the wounded city of Brionne. He could just make out the black scar where the wall was breached. “You cost me two men and nearly lost your own life in the venture.” 
“Who would have thought that a lackey of the pigeons could be so skilled.” Grendev clutched at the bandages beneath his coat. 
“You should have,” Tarryl admonished “Just because they rely so heavily on those Talon’s of theirs, doesn’t mean they can’t use a blade.” 
“Not in my experience,” Grendev muttered under his breath 
“Obviously your experience is lacking.” Taryl turned a baleful eye on the other man, “the job was still done, if poorly, and my son-in-law is sure to be the next warden. Take comfort in your life, heal from your wounds, and learn from them. Your real worries should not come from Aviendora but from Farstrider himself.”  
“What?” Grendev jerked in surprise. 
“We were sent here to prevent damaging his positions amongst the masters and protecting the peace between the two nations.” Tarryl pointed to the city with its spired buildings, a smoke haze still held sway amongst the clouds. “None can say we were successful.”
“We did not fail,” Grendev barked in his gravel voice “If we were not here, if we did not act the whole of Brionne would have burned destroying all Farstrider interests in this part of Moraedo and plunging us all into war.” 
“Which will be my argument when we return home.” Tarryl smiled coldly as he turned his attention back to the long road ahead of them. “Let fair winds and fortune be with us and Janus agree, or we will all dance the crows nest jig.”  


Coming this Winter
Tensions
And Next summer
Shadows in the Deep
Both new adventures in the Realms & Shadows universe exploring the realms of Aviendora and the Land of the Farstriders.

And look for new stories with Adrik, Ellayne, Tarryl, Marsters, and Gavin soon. 

Follow us on Facebook and twitter @Aviendora and @Farstrider
