POWER
A Study in Extremism

Randal Doering
This is a work of fiction.  All characters and events portrayed
 in this book are either fictitious or are used fictitiously.  



The cover image comes from the web-based image exchange Dreamstime.  It was done by Flynt and is titled 
“Magic Aladdins Genie Lamp,” ID #42144776.


Power
By Randal Doering 
Copyright © 2015 Randal Doering
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved.
ISBN-13: 9781311743718


DEDICATION


This book is dedicated to every fool who ever got more power 
than he should have had, and the poor bastards he ran over 
in his rush to get off.


CONTENTS

Acknowledgments	
Just a Man	
One Day in Egypt, A Liberal Got Power	
The Game Changer, or, Cautious Murders	
Social Justice, Or, The Blacks	
A Thousand Broken Tribes, Or, The Indians	
Pakistan, Or, Look At All The Fun Toys!	
Guatemala, Or, An Indian Nation	
One For Women	
So Long, Texas	
The End, As In The Beginning	
About the Author		
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I am an American liberal from a family of conservatives.  My brother, my mother, my father are all staunch conservatives, as are many of my aunts and uncles.  Curiously, as an adult I have cultivated friendships with liberals, moderates, and conservatives all.  Some good talks, and occasional spikes in blood pressure, have come of this.  Like most people, I have on occasion wondered what it would be like to have lots.  Lots of money, lots of women, lots of sports cars, lots of power.  Brian’s story is about the last one on that list.  

When I was a young man, an older man told me, “Young adulthood is about sex and family.  Middle age is about politics.  Old age is about establishing your legacy and preparing for death.”  I am now middle aged, and damned if he wasn’t right.  It seems like I see everything through a political filter.  I have wrestled with what are my core convictions, who do I support, and what do I expect from my life as a liberal?  This book is one way of working out those struggles.  

I was an infantry soldier for 3 years.  One of my sergeants once said to me, “Most political problems can be solved by shooting somebody in the head.”  That was the sentiment I followed for this story.  

Many books have influenced my thoughts on magic and the sort of power that arises from magic.  So here I list some books that got me worked up.  It shows you what I think about from day to day.
  
Alif the Unseen	G. Willow Wilson
The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night	Richard F. Burton
Dungeons & Dragons Monster Manual: Genie	Christopher Perkins
The Elric Saga	Michael Moorcock
The Golem and the Jinni	Helene Wecker
I, Rigoberta Menchu	Rigoberta Menchu
Legends of the Fire Spirits	Robert Lebling
Mayan Lives, Mayan Utopias	Rus, Castillo and Mattiace
Reservation Blues	Sherman Alexie
The Vampire Lestat	Anne Rice




Just a man


Brian’s head hurt again.  He had a headache that alternated between a heated throbbing and a shattered thumping.  He got headaches most days, with a hard-edged buzz that made his teeth hurt and made him scrunch his eyes.  Right now it was two-twenty in the afternoon, and so he got up and went to the medicine cabinet in the bathroom and got some Seroquel.  He hated taking his medicine.  The pills were big enough to choke a horse, and half the time they stuck to the back of his throat when he tried to swallow them, causing him to choke.  He just wanted to take a drink of water and push them down.  Was it that complicated?
He put the two pills into his mouth and took a swallow of water and gave it a whirl, and what the hell, the pills went straight down.  He put the pill bottle back in the cabinet and closed the door.  A cockroach ran across the mirror.  It was April, but with global warming it was hotter than usual, and the roaches had been running around his apartment a lot lately.  That’s what he got for living in a cheap apartment.  
It was Saturday afternoon, and he wasn’t going out with friends or anything like that today.  He was just reading a book, something fun.  Brian had a B.A. in web development and worked as a freelance web developer, building web sites for small businesses and non-profits.  Reading was what he did with his free time.  
The phone rang, and he went back to the bedroom and answered it.  This was the land line, which meant it was either his parents or his friend Rachel, who for some reason never called his cell.  
“Brian,” he said, picking up the phone.  
“It’s me,” said Rachel.  “What are you doing?”  
“Reading a book about Indians.  Something by Sherman Alexie.”  
“Didn’t you already read one of his books?  Remind me.”  
“He’s an American Indian writer.  A lot of his stories have a political slant.”  
“Does he write about Indians, or politics?” she asked.  
“Both.  He’s a bit on the PC side, though, trying not to step on anyone’s toes.”  
“Fuck people’s toes,” she said.  “Call it like you see it.”  
“What are you doing today?” he asked.  
“Got up late, played with the cat, then had to clean house.  Took a long time.  Had four loads of laundry; I guess I let it accumulate for a while.  How are your symptoms today?”  
“Suck.  Headache, as always.  Head full of noise.  Saw a witch on a broomstick flying past my window, right after breakfast.”  
“Damn, I’m so glad I’m bipolar, and not what you’ve got.  I would not like to see things that aren’t there.”  
“Just took my meds, so that should help,” he said.  He reached up and rubbed his temple, and the pain of the headache receded a little.  
“I’ve been reading chick lit.  You wouldn’t recognize the name,” she said.  
“No, I’ve never read chick lit before,” he said.  
“You’re not the intended audience, sweets.”  
He chuckled.  
“When do you head for Egypt?”  
“Next Friday.  I’ve been in a rush to finish all my projects for my clients before I go.  Been crazy busy.  You’d think I was going to be gone ten years.”  
“I’m jealous.  Laying around on the beach for two weeks, sucking down margaritas and getting a tan…  Sounds nice.”  
“I’m looking forward to it.  Hurghada has it all:  sea, beaches, lots of wildlife in the water, some old monasteries to explore.  More than enough to keep me occupied.  You going out on a date tonight?”  
“How did you guess?  He’s a pianist.”  
“Professional?”  
“Of course not.  Professionally he’s a pharmacist.  But he plays fluent piano.  We’re going out to a very nice restaurant for dinner.  His treat.”  
“Women have it so good.”  
“Yeah, except when men beat us black and blue and bloody.”  
He wondered what to say to this.  He had met Rachel in a bookstore about five years back, shortly after he moved to Santa Fe from San Francisco, and they had started talking about the writer, Anne Rice, and they became friends.  They tried a romance but didn’t hit it off; the chemistry just wasn’t there.  After that she got involved with a judicial clerk who had hit her twice before she left him.  She referenced that incident fairly often.  Clearly it had left a mark on her.  
“Live and learn,” he said at last.  
“Yeah.  I’ve learned that a lot of men are assholes.”  
“I just finished a book about the Maya Indians of Guatemala.  It was a collection of folk tales.  Pretty good stuff.”  
“You and the Indians.  You should marry an Indian.”  
“They were here first.”  Brian pounded his desktop with a fist.  
“Yeah, but then we came, and now they have to live with us, like it or not,” she said.  
“You need education on Indian issues.”  
“Fuck Indian issues.  I have enough women’s issues to keep me busy the rest of my life.”  
“Name one women’s issue you have right now,” he challenged.  
“Why are women only getting seventy-seven cents on the dollar for what men are making?  Who the fuck decides this?  Why did Republicans vote down a bill that would have moved toward eliminating that gap?  Why are the Republicans such assholes?”  
“The party of ‘no,’ ” quipped Brian.  
“Don’t Republican women want to earn what their men earn?  I can’t understand where the conservative women are in this debate.  Do they just keep silent and follow their men at two steps behind?”  
“That’s a legitimate issue,” he allowed.  “I’d vote in favor of giving women higher wages.”  
“Yeah, well, it’s you and me, all by ourselves, and a few Democrats who haven’t given in to the Republicans.  What bullshit.”  
“I’ll tell you an issue of mine,” he said.  
“Oh-oh.  More about how the poor Indians get the crap beat out of them in Washington?”  
“This is about blacks.”  
“I guess I kind of care about blacks.  Black women, anyway.”  
“Why do the cops keep killing unarmed black males?  White cops, black men, death.”  
“Is this a riddle?  Do I have to guess the answer?”  
“And the grand juries that are convened to decide if the cop was acting illegally keep letting the murderers go.”  
“You’re spreading yourself over too many ethnic groups,” she grumbled.  “Here’s one for you, about good old white people:  by 2030 the Hispanics will be the majority ethnicity in the United States.  They’re going to throw open the southern borders and flood the country with tens of millions more Hispanics.  The whites will be lost in the flood.  What are your kids going to do when the Hispanics have all the politicians and give all the resources to other Hispanics?  Or do you think they’ll be more equitable at running the country than the whites have been?”  
“Wow, you’re cranked up today,” Brian said.  “I’d say, it’s time the whites started having kids again, and stay on top.  I don’t know if the Hispanics will do a better job than the whites or not, but I know they can’t do much worse.  All the news out of Washington is sex scandals and stealing money and melt-downs.  We may have the first black president, but that didn’t change the culture in Washington.”  
“Hmm.  I don’t worry about blacks that much.  I know as a good liberal I’m supposed to sweat bullets over every black person, but I think there are a bazillion people looking out for blacks, and I don’t need to do it too.  Women are my people.  I’ll restrict myself to that.”  
“The Navajos just got half a billion dollars in settlement money from the U.S. because the government mismanaged tribal resources.”  
“What has the government done for white people lately?”  
“Made a million of them into millionaires,” he snorted.  
“Why aren’t we millionaires?” she asked.  
“We’re what is known as ‘working people,’ ” he said.  “Absolutely no one gives a rat’s ass about us.  We have no one looking out for our interests.”  
“You make forty grand a year as an independent, and I make seventy grand a year working for the man.  I wouldn’t mind making half a million a year, but I’ll never get there.”  
“You’re dreaming, now.  You’re not management material, Rachel.  I’m not, either.  My outstanding trait is that I hate people telling me what to do, so I’m an indie.  It’s a sorry way to live, but it’s what I’ve got.”  
“Boo-hoo.  Swallow your disgust and work for the man.” 
“Fuck the man.  Indie all the way.”  
“You should run for office, then you’d be calling the shots.”  
“If I got into office, I’d make the conservatives dance.  It would be payback for every good piece of legislation they ever scuttled.”  
“You sound bitter.”  
“I’ve seen lots of good ideas fall apart because of partisan politics in Congress.  The Republicans want partisan politics?  They have no idea just how partisan I can get.  Kick their asses.”  
“See, I think you have this attitude because your dad is a crusty old conservative, and the two of you don’t get along.”  
“My mom is a conservative, but she’s willing to compromise.”  
“Why don’t you take after her, then?”  
“Because I’m a boy.  My dad needs his ass kicked.”  
She laughed, then said she had to start getting ready for her date.
“When are you going out?”  
“Sevenish.” 
“It’s hours yet.”  
“It’ll take me a while just to decide what to wear.  Much less the shower, shaving my legs, doing my hair, and all the make-up.”  
“Ha ha, all I do when I have a date is shit, shower, shave and throw on whatever I see first in the closet.”  
“Fuck you,” she laughed.  
“Catch you later,” he said.  “I doubt I’ll call before I go on vacation, so I hope your pianist is a stand-up guy.”  
“Yeah, you take care, too.  Have fun with the Egyptians.  Do you feel sorry for them, like the Indians?”  
“The Egyptians have a stable government, with a few turbulent waves during the Arab Spring.  Hurghada is a resort town, it’s all about catering to the tourists.  There is a big coral reef just off the coast, it’s supposed to be packed with critters.  I want to see a blue-spotted sting ray.  And maybe some eels.  I’ve never seen a live eel before.  I’m not worried about the Egyptians, they’re doing all right.  The Indians have been getting the shaft since 1492.  It’s time someone straightened things up for them.”  
“I won’t get a vacation for six months yet.  Have fun!”  
“Take care,” he said and hung up the phone.  His headache had receded, and he felt better than before.  He wished he had read up on folktales of Egypt; a culture that old had to have some whopping stories.  But he chose the American Indians over the Egyptians.  One can have only so many interests.  
He got a banana from the kitchen and munched on that as he settled back in with his book.  

The following day was Sunday, and around two in the afternoon he called his parents, who lived in Wisconsin.  His mother answered the phone.  Brian and his dad didn’t talk much.  Brian was a Santa Fe liberal, and his dad was a Wisconsin conservative.  There wasn’t much common ground, there.  
“Haven’t heard from you for a while,” said his mother.  
“Been super busy, getting all my clients wrapped up before I go on vacation,” said Brian.  
“Already?  I thought it was still another month or two.”  
“Time goes by fast, mother.  Seems like every few months I have another birthday and get a year older.”  
“Wait until you’re in your fifties, son.  You think time goes by fast now…  Thirty-one isn’t that old.  You’ve got lots of time in front of you yet, enjoy it.”  
“Is dad still mad at me for bringing up Hillary in the middle of his Scott Walker rant?”  
“Mister Walker does not hate the Indians, son.”  
“He voted against their casinos.”  
“The casino was going to go in a sensitive spot.  The Indians were trying to pull a fast one, and Scott called them on it.  You would know that if you kept up with politics.”  
“Politicians are idiots.  They have power but no brains.  Half the time I think the Democrats are as bad as the Republicans.  I’ll never forgive Bill for sticking it to Hillary, running around with Monica.”  
“Don’t even mention that man in my presence,” huffed his mother.  
He decided to change tracks.  “How is dad doing, anyway?”  
“He’s weak.  This second heart attack has really knocked him down.  Good thing he’s self-employed, he can take time off.  That’s one thing the two of you have in common, you can’t stand anyone else being the boss.  I thought this latest one was going to kill him.  If he has another, that will be the end.”  
Brian contemplated criticizing his mother’s high-fat cooking but knew this would only piss her off, and then neither of his parents would talk with him.  That wasn’t what he wanted.  
“Scott Walker is too extreme,” he punted.  
“He’s a true conservative, not like Jeb Bush.  Bush is a RINO.”  
They had had this discussion before.  It went round in circles and made both of them mad, and accomplished nothing.  
“I like Hillary,” he said.  “It’s time a woman tried her hand in the Oval Office.”  
“Hillary isn’t even strong enough to control her man, how is she going to control the entire country?”  
Ouch.  That was a new one.  “Fiorina doesn’t have the experience to run Washington,” he said.  
“She’s a popular conservative woman,” sniffed his mother.  
“You’ve never talked women’s right in your life, mother.”  
“You keep talking about the Germans and their woman on top,” she said.  “I guess America could use a woman in the White House, since the wars are over.”  
“Well…  Yemen is collapsing into chaos.  Syria is falling apart.  Iraq is trying to pull it together, but they’ve got an uphill climb.  Whoever gets in the White House better be ready to deal with a disintegrating Middle East.”  
“Let the Middle East fall to pieces, see if I care,” said his mother.  “They can’t run their own countries, do they expect us to do it?”  
“I think their leaders think, if they can get Americans to fight their battles for them, and Americans die instead of their own people, they’ll come out on top.”  
There was a long silence on the phone.  “You’ve never said that before, son.”  
“I read a book on the Arab Spring, mother.  I’m informed.”  
“Your cousin Jana is going to India in a few months, did we tell you?”  
“No!  That’s great.  Now I’m not the only one in the family who is a world traveler.  You know that gang rape is a problem over there?  Tell her to have male friends with her at all times.”  
“I’ll pass that on.  I don’t understand what the attraction of foreign travel is, anyway.  We fly around the U.S., but that’s to visit family.  Family is important.  Who cares what foreigners are doing?”  
“Well, I want to relax on a beach in Hurghada.  See a blue-spotted sting ray.  Maybe some eels.”  
“You got that from your dad, too.  Wildlife and shrinking forests.  You know, he gave a thousand dollars to the Nature Conservancy last year?  I thought he had gone out of his mind.  He’s never been into donating to causes before.”  
“Good for him!  I gave two hundred fifty to a homeless shelter here in Santa Fe.”  
“There shouldn’t be any homeless, son.  Those people are lazy.”  
“Lot of them have sad stories, mom.  Health problems, mental health problems, alcoholism, drug abuse, lost their jobs, lost their spouses, lost visiting rights to their kids; it goes on and on.”  
“Let them freeze to death in the winters, if you ask me.  But if it makes you happy, help them out.”  
“It does.  India, huh?  That’s exciting.  There’s a lot to see in India.  There’s a lot to see in Egypt, too.  Maybe one of these days if I start making real money I’ll take an entire month off and explore Egypt more fully.  Six thousand years of history is a lot to see.”  
“The Arabs are all violent, and crazy.  Let them kill each other.”  
“Any of the other cousins up to anything interesting?” he asked.  
“Theodore is still in college.  His dad says he’s majoring in pathos and is always asking for money.  He’s a liberal.”  
“He’s been going to school for a long time now.  What is it, seven years or something like that?”  
“I can’t remember it all.  He’s studying literature.”  
“That’s useful,” Brian chuckled.  
His mother gave a snort.  “And your degree leads to big money?”  
He laughed.  “I applied for a job in the park service, remember?  They were looking for a web developer.  They said I looked good, but they picked an Indian for the job.”  
“You and the Indians.  I’m surprised you haven’t said an Indian should run America.”  
“The Indians have their own scandals,” Brian said.  “I haven’t read of any Indian politicians who would have broad enough appeal to run for president.  It’s every tribe for itself.  I’d guess the first major Indian candidate would be a Navajo or a Cherokee.”  
“Whatever,” she said.  “White people have enough trouble running this country, and we built America.  These minorities think they’re so clever.  They can’t even run their own piece of the pie.  It’ll be a cold day in hell before I vote for a minority for president!”
“I’ll fly out and visit for Christmas,” he promised.  “See how dad is doing.”  
“It’s in God’s hands now,” said his mother.  “The doctors don’t know what they’re doing.  They gave him six pills to take every day.  Six!  What the hell!  People have been having heart attacks forever.  Don’t they have any single-pill medicines that work?”  
Brian felt a tug of worry and said, “Tell him I’m pulling for him, mom.”  
“I’ll pass that along.  He’ll get over your Hillary comment.  He can’t shrug off your nonsense like I can.  Now, how is your health?”  
“Still schizoaffective, and having these massive headaches that last all day and beat the snot out of me.  I’m on the Seroquel, and that keeps the voices quiet, but the paranoia and general pain in my head go on all the time.”  
“You said the VA gave you a new psychiatrist.  Is he any good?”  
“She.  She’s very cautious.  Took four months to switch me from Risperidone to Seroquel.  I was hallucinating like crazy.”  
“Hey!  You never said anything about that.”  
“I didn’t want you to worry, mom.  It was all harmless stuff, mostly.  Seeing homeless people who weren’t really there.  Saw a bicyclist who looked like he was about to run me over, and leaped out of the way, then he disappeared.  Saw a cop pull a gun on me, and when I put my hands up he faded away.  Stuff like that.”  
“Has that stopped now that you’re on the new drug?”  
“Yes,” he lied.  “It was a side effect of changing meds.  Nothing to worry about.  It’s better.”  
“Damned doctors are about worthless.  Give you pills and a slap on the back for good luck, and charge you eight hundred bucks.  You’re taking your meds, right?  You’re not one of these idiots who goes off his meds and kills people?”  
“Yes, I’m taking the meds every day.  Take them to Egypt, too.”  
“Does this new psychiatrist have any idea why you came down with this disorder?”  
“No.  I asked her what causes it, and she said what the last two have said, no one knows.”  
“Worthless.”  
“Remember to tell Jana about the gang rapes,” he said.  “That would really put a damper on her travels.”  
“You have no idea what it’s like to be a woman,” said his mother.  “Men are plenty bad right here in the good old U.S. of A.”  
They talked for a few minutes longer, then Brian signed off and hung up the phone.  He and his dad hadn’t been talking much for several years now.  It drove his dad nuts, that his only child was a liberal.  He took it personally.  Brian should have known better than the Hillary comment.  
Well, there was his mom to keep him up to date.  His dad better be careful with that failing ticker.  Men died of that in their fifties.  He knew he would worry about it, even though there was not much he could do except call and see after his dad’s health.  He supposed it would be several more months before his dad was willing to talk to him.  Fuck.  You’d think the old man would talk with his only son.  

A few days passed, and he finished up his client projects and sent out bills for his services.  Way he figured it, he’d have a pile of checks waiting when he got back from vacation, which was the best way to come home.  On Wednesday evening he went to his friend Greg’s house for dinner.  Greg was a few years younger than him and was married and had a five-year-old daughter, Jacqueline.  Greg was a left-leaning moderate who didn’t like to talk politics.  He and his wife were both readers.  They had met Brian at an author event at Collected Works bookstore, about four years ago, and had hit it off.  Greg read a lot of fantasy and occasionally horror.  His wife, Jenny, read literature.  
“I’m in the middle of And The Mountains Echoed, by Khaled Hosseini,” said Jenny, after she set the table with baked catfish and butternut squash.  There were also green beans, which were fresh and delicious.  
“How is it?” Brian asked.  
“Really good.  I can already guess it has a heartbreaking ending, like all his books.  I don’t know how many books about Afghanistan I’ll find interesting, but so far he’s really got me hooked.”  
“I read The Kite Runner,” Brian said.  “That was really good.  Sad.  Reminded me of things I didn’t like about Afghanistan.”  
“Are you glad we’re getting out of there?” she asked.  
“Yes.  We can’t run the Middle East for them.  They have to take charge of their own affairs.  I give Afghanistan two years, then the Taliban will take over again.  The Afghans will simply get tired of losing so many people.  They were glad the Americans were there to take the punishment for them.”  
“I’m glad to get our soldiers home,” said Greg, who had never served in the military.  “We’ve lost thousands of people in the Middle East over the past ten years.”  
“Brian, were you a Marine?” asked Jenny.  “I forget.”  
“Army.  Infantry, three years,” said Brian.  “One year in Afghanistan.  I did it because my dad was a soldier, and his dad was a soldier, but I also liked the G.I. Bill for college and the VA medical benefits.”  
“Hey, you put your life on the line for America, America can send you to college and take care of your medical,” Jenny said.  
“I have something for you, after dinner,” said Jacqueline.  Her dad sometimes called her Jackie, but she didn’t like that.  She preferred the full name.  
“Okay,” Brian said.  “Is it a surprise?”  
“I’ve been thinking about you,” she said, which made him feel good.  
“You should thank him for the Elsa doll,” said Greg.  
“Thanks,” she said, and Brian tousled her hair.  
“You’re welcome,” he said.  “Got to have both princesses, or it’s not complete.”  
She nodded, and her mother said, “Have you switched to the new medicine for the mental problems?”  
“Yeah.  It took a few months, but I’m on the Seroquel now,” he said.  “It’s doing a decent job.”  
“Still seeing things?” Greg asked.  
“Saw a cop pull a gun on me a few days ago.  I put my hands up, and the cop faded away.  Just another hallucination.”  
“Can’t they give you a pill for that?” asked Jenny.  
“That’s what the Seroquel is for,” he said.  “The hallucinations have slowed down, but I’m still having them on occasion.”  
“That could really cause you trouble,” said Greg.  “What if you hallucinate while you’re driving?”  
“I can tell hallucinations from the real thing, because hallucinations are usually black and white.”  
“Jackie asked me what was wrong with you, and I couldn’t really remember your condition,” said Greg.  “How does it go?  Jacqueline, listen up, you were asking me about this.”  
“Okay,” said the girl.  
“Well, schizoaffective disorder is a dual condition,” Brian said.  “You have voices and paranoia and noise in your head like schizophrenia, and you have see-sawing high and low emotions, like bipolar.  The Seroquel suppresses the voices and helps smooth out the highs and lows, but it doesn’t treat that ghastly paranoia.”  
“How did you get it?” asked Jacqueline.  
“Nobody knows, kiddo,” said Brian.  “I got it when I was twenty-six.  I’ve had it five years, got it when I first came to Santa Fe.  Didn’t know what was going on.  Then I got a good shrink who told me what was happening and got me on medicine.  I’m lucky.  A lot of mentally ill people end up homeless and at the mercy of society.  I got help before my life fell apart.”  
“Will I get it?” asked Jacqueline.  
“I don’t think so, honey,” said Jenny.  “It’s mostly bad luck.”  
“I have bad luck all the time,” Jacqueline said.  
“You silly goof, you have great luck,” said her dad.  “Think of all the cool kids you’ve met at school.  That’s good luck.”  
“I guess so,” the girl said.  
“You’ve got me for a godfather, that’s good luck,” Brian laughed.  
Jacqueline looked at him funny, and this made him laugh again.  “Who loves you best, squirt?” he asked.  
“My mom,” she said, and everyone chuckled.  
They talked about work for a while, and movies they had seen, and time went by quickly.  Jenny got up and got them some cheese cake for desert, and everyone dug in.  Jacqueline went and got something from her big dollhouse, and she approached Brian.  
“Hold out your hands,” she said.  
He held out his hands, and she peeled off a pink star from a sheet full of different-colored stars and stuck it on his thumbnail.  Then she peeled off a second star and stuck it on the other thumbnail.  
“What’s that for?” he asked.  
“It’s magic,” she said.  “Now you’ll turn into a girl.  You’ll be a better girl than a boy, Uncle Brian.”  
Everyone laughed, and Brian held his hands close to his face and examined the pink stars.  Looked like they’d wash off in a day or two, nothing to be concerned about.  “Whatever gave you that idea, kiddo?” he asked her.  
“I like girls better,” she said.  
“Am I going to be a pretty girl, at least?” he asked with a smile.  
“You’ll be a lawyer,” Jacqueline said.  
“I smell mom and dad’s guidance,” said Brian.  
“We’re trying to encourage her to aim high,” said Jenny.  “Doctor, lawyer, senator.  Like that.”  
“I wouldn’t mind having some power, myself,” Brian said.  “I’d make changes.  Give the conservatives something to think about.  Make the Republicans dance.”  
“See, you make comments like that, and I’d never vote for you,” said Greg.  “I try to vote for politicos who have a good record of bipartisan voting.  I want politicians who are willing to work toward solutions to common problems.  Enough partisan bullcock.”  
“To hell with the conservatives,” Brian said.  “Liberals or bust.”  
“I’d rather have money than power,” Greg went on.  “With money you can buy the politicians.”  
“I just want to sit around and read good books,” said Jenny.  “I’m happy as a stay-at-home mom.”  
“Are you going to have a job, mom?” asked Jacqueline.  
“When you start going to middle school, I’ll get a part-time job.”  
“I’m in pre-school,” said the girl.  “When is middle school?”
“Long time from now,” said her mom.  
Brian looked at the pink stars and wondered where she got these ideas.  Stars to turn him into a girl?  What had put that in her head?   
“You’re going to Egypt in a few days, aren’t you?” asked Greg.  “That’s coming up.”  
“Oh, yeah, that’s right,” said Jenny.  “Bring me back a little bottle of the Nile.”  
“Actually, I’m going to the Red Sea,” said Brian.  “I don’t think I’ll get close to the Nile.  This is a beach vacation.”  
“Oh, now I’m jealous,” said Jenny.  “Bring me back a sea shell!”
“Is it safe in Egypt these days?” asked Greg.  
“The Arab Spring has died down, and the country has a new leader, which is what the protesters wanted most,” said Brian.  “Hurghada is a tourist resort, and the Egyptians keep it stable.”  
“That’s good,” said Greg.  “Just stick to the tourist zones.”  
“It’s too bad you won’t see the Nile,” said Jenny.  “You’re not going to Cairo, huh?  I hear they have some very old mosques and churches there.  And the Egyptian Museum is there, too.”  
“Another trip,” said Brian.  “If I start making good money I’ll go back for a month, and really see the sights.  For now, just the beach.”  
“Are you going to swim in the ocean?” asked Jacqueline.  “There are sharks.”  
“I want to see a blue-spotted ray,” Brian said.  “They’re beautiful animals.  There are lots of animals in the sea.”  
“I want to see the sting ray, too,” said Jacqueline.  
“When you get older we’ll take you to exotic places,” said Greg.  “For now, just to grandma and grandpa’s house, and the Grand Canyon.”  
“The Grand Canyon was sweet,” said Jacqueline.  “Have you been there, uncle Brian?”  
“Yes, I have,” he said.  “Pretty amazing.  There are hiking trails you can go on.”  
“We did a short loop and saw a few fossils,” said Greg.  “Good stuff for the developing mind.”  
Brian nodded.  Jenny took their plates and stuck them in the dishwasher.  They talked for a while about Egypt and travelling and seeing things, then it felt like time to go.  
“I’ll send you an email from Hurghada,” he said.  “Or maybe a postcard.”  
“Good luck,” said Jenny.  
“Be a good girl,” said Jacqueline.  
“Look out for the ladies, eyeing up a single guy,” said Greg.  
Brian left their condo and walked to his car.  The pink stars on his thumbnails seemed to shimmer in the dark night, and he laughed again.  Turn him into a girl.  That kid had things going on in her head.  People who said young children have no personalities had clearly not spent any time around kids.  
He started the car and drove home.  

The following day he packed a small suitcase full of clothes and swim gear and a guidebook to Hurghada.  He already had reservations with a three star hotel, a little south of the main city.  They claimed they were close to a public beach where he wouldn’t have to pay to swim.  The Red Sea was full of life, they said.  He packed his meds in his day pack, for carry-on.  

On Friday he got up early and took a cab to the airport and got on a flight to New York and then a trans-Altantic flight to Cairo, where he took a puddle-jumper to Hurghada.  He stepped off the plane into a warm day and dug the map out of his backpack to show the cab driver.  Ten minutes later, he was at his hotel, which was at the edge of Hurghada, built on the sands.  It was three blocks from the public beach.  It was about noon local time, and his adventure in Egypt was about to begin.   

 



one day in egypt, a liberal got power


Brian decided not to go to the beach this first day, because he was tired from the flights and wanted to do something Egyptian, to get into the spirit of his vacation.  So he asked the front desk person of the hotel where he might find a café, and she told him in good English where he could find a place in the authentic Egyptian style.  
He roamed around the town for a few minutes and then found the place, where he ordered a glass of tea and a hookah pipe.  The young guy who took his order didn’t speak much English, so Brian just pointed to what he wanted, and the young guy nodded and smiled.  A few minutes later he brought a hookah with a plastic tip to suck on, and set up coals on top of the pipe.  Brian took an experimental puff, and a soothing cloud of smoke went into his lungs.  It tasted good.  He didn’t smoke as a habit, but when in Rome…  Now he could say he’d really been in the Middle East.  
The tea came, piping hot.  He took a sip, too bland, and then added some sugar and tried again.  Perfect.  For the next few hours he drank tea and puffed the hookah, letting the clouds of smoke huff out his nose.  The tobacco gave him a buzz, which he enjoyed, and he had the coals changed three times.  He sat on the outside patio, and other tourists came by and asked him how he liked the hookah.  
“It’s great!” he told them.  “It’s smooth and gives you a buzz.  Very relaxing.”  
A couple of teenage girls in swimsuits stopped and said something to him in what sounded like French, and he said, “Sorry, girls, English only.  And maybe a little Spanish.”  One of the girls laughed, and they waved and took off down the sidewalk.  
Other tourists sat down at the empty tables, and the young waiter brought more tea and hookahs.  Some of the tourists spoke English, and they chatted with Brian about Hurghada and the Red Sea and the nightclubs.  By the time the sun started going down, there were several nightclubs he wanted to visit and a side trip he wanted to make to the Hurghada aquarium.  By now his head was spinning a bit from all the tobacco, and he figured it was time to scare up dinner.  He paid the young man and included a generous tip, then he got up and headed down the street.  There was a restaurant just a couple of blocks from the café, and he went in and ordered a crab dinner with beans and mashed potatoes.  The meal came quickly, and he demolished the food.  Paid again, with another generous tip, and back to the hotel to sleep for an hour or two.  
That evening he took a cab to the main drag of Hurghada and danced for a few hours at a night club which had a mix of European and Egyptian music going on.  He didn’t understand a bit of it, and he couldn’t find anyone but the bartender who spoke a word of English.  Still, some women danced with him, and he bought drinks, but he didn’t get lucky.  That was all right.  It was all in good fun.  

The next day he got up late and dressed in swimtrunks and a t-shirt and sopped on the suntan lotion.  The hotel had a small restaurant attached, and he had a good breakfast there.  Then he put on sunglasses and took up a beach towel and walked to the beach, where he laid out his towel and soaked up the sun for a while.  Later he put on swim goggles and a snorkel and fins and swam in the Red Sea.  The bottom was sand for a ways, then there was coral.  He swam a hundred yards off shore and saw the bottom fall away.  There were fish of all sorts in the water, and he looked for a long time for a blue-spotted ray, but he didn’t see any.  The public beach was surprisingly light on tourists.  He supposed they were all in the resorts, at the private beaches.  He wondered if the private beaches were better.  

So went his vacation.  In the mornings he went to the beach, and several days into his trip he saw a blue-spotted ray gliding by on the bottom.  He followed it for a ways, then it ducked under some coral and waited for him to go away.  There were eels, too, in the coral.  He was careful to stay away from their mouths.  Eels had a bad reputation for territorial aggression.  The sunlight wobbled and sparkled on the sandy bottom, and he saw anemones and colorful fish.  After swimming he lay in the sun and got a good tan.  
In the afternoons he went back to the café and smoked the hookah and read a book of folktales from Morocco that he had picked up in a tourist shop.  He found that the café offered fruit drinks as well as tea, and he tried the lemon drinks, and the coconut mixes, and thick, liquid strawberry drink.  He also had more tea.  Damn, this vacation was going by fast.  
The book of folktales was a great read.  There were magical dancing girls and mute princesses and muscle-bound princes, and holy men falsely accused of rape, and on and on.  About a week after he arrived he went scuba diving farther out on the reef with a tourist boat full of people, and he saw crabs and more eels and a small shark which cruised slowly past.  
His mental illness made itself felt, of course.  He woke every day with a crushing headache, and this lasted all day and deep into the evening.  He woke up twenty times a night, thrashing around looking for something he had lost, but he wasn’t sure what was missing.  Once he saw a very large great white shark in the Red Sea and about had a heart attack, but he blinked, and it was gone.  It was just a hallucination.  He stayed near shore that day, anyway.  He took his drugs and avoided alcohol, which sometimes made the headaches worse.  His illness, his curse.  As always, it made itself felt.  
The Egyptians made him feel very welcome, and even with the headaches he had a blast.  The aquarium had more wildlife, and he saw rare critters that he didn’t see on his swimming jaunts in the Red Sea.  He liked the jellyfish, which had a glass-like appearance that was pleasing to his aesthetic sensibilities.  The food was good, he danced with hot women, and he managed to talk an English-speaking Lebanese woman into his bed, but she suddenly decided not to lay him and took off in a cloud of curse words.  He watched her leave, and shut the door behind her.  Whatever.  She had a fat ass anyways.  He took time to write postcards to everyone, at the café, around puffs on the hookah.  He could really get used to the water pipe.  There had to be hookah lounges in Santa Fe.  He’d have to check this out.  He didn’t want to start smoking too often, but once a month or so wouldn’t be too bad.  

Suddenly he was on the last day of his vacation, and he wanted it to be special.  He ate breakfast at the same restaurant and got his swim gear on, and today he swam farther out into the Red Sea than he had ever gone before.  He swam over the reef and came to the drop-off, and he took a deep breath through the snorkel and dove as far down as he could go.  He saw another shark here, about a three-footer, just looking him over.  He went past this and saw a school of silver fish.  Then something caught his eye.  It was a flash of color, a faint gold, off to his left.   It wasn’t a fish, it was on the bottom.  Like somebody on a tourist boat had dropped a coin into the sea, and it was gleaming on the sand.  
He was almost out of air, so he surfaced and took several breaths and then dove again.  This time he spotted the flash of color right away, and he swam down to it and took it in hand.  It was something buried in the bottom, and he scooped the sand away with one hand and grasped the shining thing.  A lamp came free, and he shook it to clear off the sand and rose up to the surface.  
The lamp was heavy, several pounds.  It was about eight inches tall and had a fat round belly with a long, thin spout on one side and a curved handle on the other side.  There was a round stand on the bottom, for it to sit on.  It was made of something like brass and had once been painted, but the paint was down to just a few flakes of red and blue.  There was a stopper at the end of the spout, made of something like copper, sealed in place with what looked like lead.  The seal had a stamp in it, that Brian didn’t recognize.  He swam in to the beach, where a few Egyptians lounged on their towels and mats.  He had the lamp in his hands and walked out of the ocean and took it to his beach towel.  This lamp was way sweet.  Looked like something you’d see in one of the tourist bazaars, but higher quality.  Why did someone dump this into the sea?  Maybe a little kid dropped it over the side of a boat. 
He sat down on his beach towel and looked the lamp over.  It had deep etching on its surface.  There were geometric shapes and fire motifs.  He was in a good mood with his find, and he tried to open the lid on the top of the lamp, but it seemed rusted shut.  Did brass rust?  Well, something was holding it shut.  He looked at the seal on the spout, at the symbols there, wondering what language they represented.  Not ancient Egyptian, and not Arabic.  A mystery.  
It struck him as amusing; maybe this was a genie lamp.  He stroked the top of it and said “Sim Sala-bim!”  Nothing happened.  He chuckled under his breath and traced the lines of the fire decorations with his finger.  This lamp was really lovely.  Maybe he could keep it on his desk at home, as a souvenir of his trip.  He’d bought presents for everyone already, in the tourist bazaar, but he hadn’t yet got anything for himself.  This lamp would do nicely.  
He stroked the fire signs and said, “Ala Kazam!”  There was a puff of smoke out the spout, around the seal.  What the hell was that all about?  He wondered if someone had rigged the lamp to smoke when you touched the fire symbols and then intentionally buried it in the sand, knowing some idiot would come along soon and find it.  It probably hadn’t been buried there for more than a week.  Some Egyptian, having fun with the tourists.  
“Open Sesame!” he said, and stroked the spout.  
Suddenly the seal grew blue-hot and melted, and a puff of blue smoke billowed out the spout.  Ha ha, this was great!  The smoke rose to about ten feet high, and a figure was barely visible in the cloud.  It was the upper portions of a man, but about eight feet tall, with flame-red skin and pointed ears and a mouth that was too big for his face.  He was extremely muscular.  He had a golden hoop earring in one ear and wore a black leather vest and shimmery blue pantaloons.  Most of his legs were hidden in the smoke.  For a few seconds Brian thought it was a hallucination, but the level of detail, and the fact that it was in vivid color, pretty much nixed that idea.  Or it was a new kind of hallucination, something to worry about.  
“Oh, master, I repent!  I repent!  No more wicked magic, oh Solomon the Wise!”  The red-skinned genie bellowed the words, and Brian stared in amazement at the figure before him.  
“Are you a genie?” he asked, because what else could he say?  He still thought some Egyptian was amusing himself with this, but he’d play along.  It was all in good fun.  
The creature in the smoke fixed yellow eyes on Brian.  “Where is King Solomon?” he asked.  
“Solomon died a long time ago,” said Brian.  “Thousands of years ago.”  
“He imprisoned me in that lamp,” said the creature.  “I could not resist his powerful magic.  And now you have let me out.”  He put one hand on his hairless chin and contemplated Brian.  Something about his eyes was really unsettling.  He seemed to see very deeply; Brian felt this creature was stripping his soul bare.  
“Do I get three wishes?” he laughed, breaking the gaze with the creature.  He didn’t like that hard stare.  What was this thing?  A special effect, some sort of hologram or something?  It was really realistic.  He could smell the sulfur and brimstone, and hints of exotic incense.  
The creature said, “I am not a marid.  I am an afreeti.  I will grant you one wish, son of Adam.  Choose wisely.”  
“Seriously?” Brian said, a grin stretching across his face.  
“What does your heart desire?” asked the afreeti.  “Women?  Wealth?  Power?”  It emphasized this last word.  Brian thought it over, but he knew which one he wanted.  
“Power,” he said.  “The power to make people do what I want.  The power to shake things up.  Push a little bit.”  
“Ha, ha, ha,” laughed the afreeti.  “Power is what I do best.”  
“Political power?” asked Brian.  
“The power of the afreet,” said the creature.  “The best kind of power.  A little bit of healing, a portion of information gathering, and a tremendous explosion of destruction.  No one will stand against you, mortal man.  Lay low armies, torch your enemies, ruin cities, knock down entire nations of men.”  
“Can I use my wish to get more wishes?”  
The afreeti reached out and smacked Brian alongside the head, knocking him down onto the sand.  He saw from the corner of his eyes a middle-aged Egyptian man in swim trunks standing twenty feet away, looking at the afreeti and Brian.  A young man in swim gear stood a few yards behind him, his mouth slack in amazement.  
Brian’s ears rang from the blow, but he sat up and said, “Let it be done, then.”  
The afreeti lifted both arms over its head and chanted something in a language Brian was sure he had never heard before.  He felt a rush of heat, boosting from his feet up to his head.  He opened his mouth, and a puff of smoke popped out.  
The afreeti grinned then, an ugly look filled with rows of triangular teeth like a shark’s.  Its eyes gleamed baleful yellow, and the smoke billowed and covered all but the afreeti’s head.  
“Power.  For one year you will have great power, son of Adam.  Then it will fade, and you will be mortal once more.”  
“Maybe I should choose to end my mental illness,” Brian blurted out.  “That might be a wiser wish.”  
“Too late,” said the afreeti.  “Your wish has been granted.”  
Brian sat there, feeling certain he should have asked for his illness to be cured.  The creature’s eyes narrowed, and its grin widened.  “You are a madman?” he asked Brian.  
“I’m mentally ill, yes,” Brian said.  He felt ashamed of it then, this miserable condition that had come out of nowhere.  Just tooling along in life, and suddenly his head was full of voices, and he was having these vicious headaches and crazy high and low moods.  
“Ha ha ha, this will be a marvel to behold,” cackled the afreeti.  “A madman with power.”  The creature disappeared into the smoke, which blasted out for a few more seconds, then it all faded away.  Only the lamp was left, sitting on the sand, warm to the touch.  
“What was that?” asked the Egyptian man Brian had seen a few moments ago.  He came up beside Brian and stared at the lamp.  
“Ha, ha, ha,” Brian chuckled.  “That was a great special effect.  Are you the guy who did that?  It was first-rate, man.  As good as anything I’ve seen Hollywood do.”  He wondered that this Egyptian man spoke English, but it seemed that in Hurghada there were a lot of English-speaking Egyptians.  For Brian, that was a good thing. 
The young man came up and joined the older man, and from the facial resemblance, Brian figured they were father and son.  
The older man reached down and picked up the lamp.  “This is for Egyptians, not British,” he said.  
“I’m American,” Brian said, annoyed at the lamp-grabbing.  He reached out with one hand and snapped his fingers, held out his hand for the lamp’s return.  
The older man pulled the lamp close to his chest.  “These old genie lamps are still found sometimes, in the Red Sea.  Solomon the Wise came here, very long ago, and imprisoned wicked genies who refused to obey his commands.  The Koran speaks of the djinn.  This is not for you.”  He ignored Brian’s outstretched hand and said something to his son in Arabic, and the two of them started to walk away with Brian’s lamp.  
Power, said a voice in Brian’s mind.  It was the afreeti’s voice, growling and dangerous.  
It was purely on instinct that he acted.  Something in him felt a burst of energy, and he made a fist and punched it in the air.  The older man let out a cry and fell down.  The lamp tumbled onto the sand.  Brian got up and walked over and picked up the lamp.  The young man knelt down on the sand and moved the older man’s head, which seemed too loose.  The younger man began crying out in Arabic, attracting attention from the other Egyptian men further down the beach.  Some of these people stood up and started moving toward Brian.  
Healing, Brian thought.  The man’s neck was broken.  He bent over with the lamp in one hand and touched the older man’s neck, and thought about healing, but nothing happened.  Just a little healing, the afreeti said.  Apparently not enough for this.  
Half a dozen Egyptians headed for them, forty feet away, and Brian knew it was time to get out of there.  He left his swim gear on his beach towel and walked away.  The young man shouted out, and the other Egyptians started running toward Brian.  
Shit.  I need to get out of here.  He took a step, starting to run, and suddenly he was banging his shins on the bed in his hotel room.  WTF?  One second he was on the beach, now he was in his hotel room.  Was he blacking out?  This was all new, it must be his mental illness it was taking on a strange form.  
This day was turning into a freak show.  A magic genie that made clouds of smoke, and instantaneous travel between destinations?  
He changed out of his swim trunks into casual clothes, jeans and a t-shirt, that no one should recognize.  He went to the bazaar and bought new clothes, so no one would know him from this morning.  The Egyptians were going to put out an alarm, but would anyone believe them?  Did anyone these days believe in red-skinned afreet who granted wishes?  
Of course not.  
This made him feel calmer.  His flight left at one in the morning, so he packed up his clothes and put his magic lamp away, and his books, and took a taxi to the airport, to wait for his plane.  
In the airport he drank bottled water; then he thought about what the afreeti had said.  “Tremendous powers of destruction.”  What did that mean?  Breaking a guy’s neck for stealing his lamp?  That wasn’t tremendous.  That was just one guy.  “Lay low cities and nations of men?”  Not with the magic he had discovered so far.  
Now that he was thinking about the dead guy, he started getting the shakes.  That Egyptian had been about to steal his magic lamp.  Brian’s attack was justified, but he hadn’t meant to kill the poor son-of-a-bitch.  The Egyptians were going to be up in arms over this.  They’d be looking for him.  But he hoped he had given them the slip.  
Hours passed, and he read his book of Moroccan folktales.  No one bothered him.  The dead guy on the beach was going to be an Egyptian mystery.  The young man would spread his story around, but who would believe him?  He didn’t think modern Egyptians believed in genies.  
Brian checked his bag with the lamp inside it, and after a while the airport called his flight, and he got on a plane.  Now he was really nervous.  He was wondering if he had hallucinated everything that had happened on the beach today.  It all had happened so fast, and it made more sense that it was a hallucination than that he had found a magic lamp in the Red Sea.  Thousands of people had been swimming at that beach.  Surely someone else would have noticed the lamp before him.  It was just too unbelievable that he had found an afreeti lamp.  It was the sickness in his head, screwing with him.  
He had been taking his meds all along, every day.  But the new drug didn’t seem as strong as the old drug.  Was the medication slipping?  Was he experiencing new symptoms?  He read about genies in the book of folktales; was that where his brain got the idea from?  Read about it in a book and then hallucinate it?  
Seriously, make a fist and thrust it in the air, and a man falls dead with a broken neck?  What was that all about?  The more he thought about it, the weirder it all seemed.  It had to be a disease of the mind.  
But how then to explain the lamp?  That was real enough.  He had really gone diving in the Red Sea and had really found a brass lamp.  That was stowed in his luggage.  It was certainly not a hallucination.  
Ah, but that was the thing, wasn’t it?  The brass lamp was real, but everything else was a hallucination.  The afreeti, the Egyptians, the one wish, all that was dreamed up by his illness.  His schizoaffective disorder latched onto the brass lamp and projected a series of fantasies, based on the folktales he was reading.  
That had to be it.  The more he thought about it, the more certain he became that it was his mental illness.  He shook his head.  A delusion.  But the blacking out between the beach and his hotel room, that was more serious.  That was something to worry about.  He’d never had blackouts before.  What if something like that happened when he was driving on the freeway?  Shit.  Instant death.  This put a heavy nugget of misgivings in his belly.  Go to Egypt, get even sicker than he had been before.  And here he thought his illness was under control, the meds were doing their job.  
It took the better part of two days to reach Santa Fe, where a taxi cab took him home.  All he had of Egypt were the gifts he had bought in the bazaar, and the brass lamp, and his book of folktales.  
And, it seemed likely, a deepening mental illness.  







The game changer, or, cautious murders


Brian was careful, talking about the hallucinations in Egypt.  He told a few people about the shark, and a few more that he found an old brass lamp in the Red Sea and pretended it had a genie in it.  His friends kidded him about getting three wishes, and he said, “I think you only get one wish, in the real world.”  
When he was alone, and thinking about it, he was deeply worried by his experiences in Egypt.  He made it about two weeks without cracking but finally called his psychiatrist at the VA and told her about the hallucinatory shark and that he had got hold of a tourist brass lamp and thought he had seen a genie come out of it.  He didn’t tell her about the blacking out between the beach and his hotel room.  That symptom scared the hell out of him.  But maybe it was something that just happened in Egypt, for whatever reason.  Like the shark.  He was pretty sure he wasn’t going to see a shark in the apartment swimming pool.  
“Let’s see,” said the psychiatrist.  “I’ve got you on 600 milligrams of Seroquel a day, right now.  I’ll bump you up to 800 a day, and we’ll see if that addresses the hallucinations.  You must have got quite a fright, seeing a shark cruising at you.  But the genie sounds intriguing.  Did it speak?”  
“It was a lot more interactive than most of my hallucinations are,” he said.  “It spoke.”  
She laughed.  “That actually sounds like fun.  Maybe not all of your visions are negative.”  
“I’m more worried that something will occur while I’m driving,” he said.  Yeah, like blacking out on the freeway.
“Yes, we have to take this seriously,” she said, the laughter all gone.  “I just put in your order, it’ll be mailed to you today or tomorrow and reach you in a few days.  Cross your fingers, this will bring you some relief.”  
“Good,” he said.  “Take care, Doctor Haverest.”  
“You, too, Brian.”  She hung up the phone, and Brian sat at his desk, worrying about visions and blackouts.  

Four days passed.  The headaches continued; they had been there since the beginning of his illness, and he didn’t get a break from them now.  One morning he was out taking his daily morning walk when he saw a huge dog hurtling down the sidewalk toward him.  He had a momentary flash of the breed, pit bull/German shepherd/chow hound, and he sank back on the balls of his feet and set himself to be attacked.  He glanced at the sidewalk for an instant, getting a feel for the terrain, and when he looked up the dog was gone.  It had never been there, it was just a hallucination.  He spat on the sidewalk in disgust and took off down the street, saying good morning to a middle-aged man walking a beagle, which wagged its tail at him.  
The thing about hallucinations was, they were usually topical, so for a moment you had a hard time telling reality from a vision.  In general the hallucinations were black and white and grainy, lacking in detail, but when you just glanced at them they looked real.  They gave you a sense of something instead of actually seeing it.  He had gotten used to them, and most of the time he could get rid of them by just blinking his eyes, but usually they had him going for a few seconds.  
This fake dog, for instance, flooded his system with fight or flight chemicals, and he had gotten himself in a good position to kick the dog if it attacked him.  It was like the shark in the Red Sea, it only lasted five seconds, but it was terrifying while it had hold of him.  These days he drove his car only when absolutely necessary.  He had been hallucinating for several months, ever since he switched over to the Seroquel, and he had stopped taking pleasure drives in the country.  
His new dosage of meds arrived, and he took a pill right away.  All this was shooting in the dark.  The medicine dampened out the voices in his head, and it also helped even out his mood swings, but he knew he was going into a manic phase.  Years ago, when he was first diagnosed with this condition, he had looked it up on the internet to find out more about it.  The prognosis wasn’t good.  Depending on which authority you believed, there was only about a ten to fifteen percent chance that he was ever going to get better.  Schizoaffective disorder affected less than one percent of all Americans, a tiny number, but once you got it, you didn’t recover.  You had it for life.  
He waited until that evening and then called Rachel.  
“I got my new meds today,” he said.  “Just popped the pills.  It’ll take a few weeks for it to take effect.  I saw a hallucination of an attack dog coming at me, and then I blinked, and it was gone.”  
“I still like the one about the genie,” she said.  “That was cool.  I’m jealous.  Not so cool about the shark.”  
He hadn’t told her about the blackout, and he merely grunted at her comments.  “It’s a guessing game.  When will I hallucinate, what will I see, how long will it go on?  The ones I saw in Egypt lasted several minutes, which is new.  I can’t afford this.  If it happens on the freeway, what happens to me?  I might see a moving van cut right in front of me, and slam on the brakes, and get rear-ended.  Or see an empty lane next to me and pull a lane change, and really there’s an SUV with a mom and three kids in it, and I slam into them.”  
“What can you do about it, other than take your meds?” she said.  “I hope you’ve cut back on all non-essential driving.”  
“Of course.  I drive like an old person now.  Had a cop stop me yesterday to tell me I was going too slow on Cerrillos Road.  He didn’t give me a ticket, but it was embarrassing.”  
She laughed.  “At least you got off with a warning.  But, hey, guess what?  Guess what happened to me?”  
“You’re going steady with the piano player?”  
“No, he was boring as mud.  We went out just that one time, and I said, no way.”  
“He couldn’t have been that bad.”  
“I like artists.  I thought a piano player would be good, but that was the most exciting part about him.  He droned on about his family for forty-five minutes.  I don’t want to know about his kid sister, I want to know about him.”  
“I’ve had dates like that.  But lately I’m not just looking for a good time.  I’m looking for a partner.”  
“Ha ha ha!  You’ve been bitten by the ‘I’m thirty-one and still single’ bug!”
This annoyed him, it was more serious than just a quick laugh.  When was he going to meet Ms. Right?  
“It fucks with my head,” he complained, and she laughed again.  
“You’re still young!  Don’t worry so much.  There are plenty of eligible singles in Santa Fe.  Or are you going to expand your search to Albuquerque?”  
“Fuck Albuquerque, they’re all weirdos down there.”  
“I like Santa Fe better, too,” she said.  “But that’s not what I wanted you to guess about.  It’s work-related.”  
He got a sinking feeling in his gut and said, “You’ve been promoted.”  
“No.  The news isn’t that good.  But I got a raise out of my annual review.  While you were talking to genies, I was getting an extra five grand a year.  Suck it up, Buttercup!”  
“Damn, that’s real money.  Marry me, Miss Scarlett!”  
“Not on your life, Mister Independent.  I’m saving myself for a mad painter.”  
“We artistic types are all mentally ill, so watch yourself,” he said.  
“Hmmph.  A lot of you guys are incredibly self-absorbed.  Talk about yourself for hours on end.”  
“Sounds like the piano man had the opposite problem.  Was he really that bad?”  
“Just dull.  I liked the parts that were more interesting, but what if he really is just a dull guy who occasionally says something interesting?  I wouldn’t want to get together with someone like that.”  
“My vote says, give him another chance.  Maybe he was just having an off night.”  
There was silence from the phone for eight or ten seconds, and then she said, “I can’t remember you ever recommending a second date.  I think it’s you who wants a second chance.”  
“No, we’re over and done with,” he said quickly.  “That boat has sailed.  We gave it our best shot, and no go.  Did I tell you, I almost laid a Lebanese woman in Egypt?  She was a strange one, though, and abandoned me without looking back.”  
“’Almost’ laid doesn’t count.  She probably had the clap, anyway.  You’re better off keeping it in your pants, guy.  Seriously, there are these new antibiotic-resistant strains of STDs that take months to get rid of.  They have to basically nuke your nuts.  Not good.  I don’t know about the Middle East, but I read a health-related web site that said stay away from Central Americans.”  
“Good to know,” he said.  “Congratulations on the raise.  Can always use a little more of the legal tender.”  
“You know it.”  
They talked about their parents for a while, and Brian realized that he hadn’t been worrying about his dad’s heart attack, and that made him feel guilty.  He was so focused on his vacation that he had hardly thought of anyone else.  
Rachel eventually hung up, and Brian set the phone in its cradle and stayed at the desk.  He had been avoiding his mail for a few days, waiting for the new meds first, and now he opened his letters and found half a dozen checks for projects completed, and several proposals from potential clients who had been referred by existing clients.  That was one good thing about Santa Fe; if you did good work, word got around.  You still had to do some advertising, and a lot of shaking hands, but quality work got attention.  

A few weeks went by.  It was now the middle of May, and Santa Fe heated up.  Every year it got a little hotter, a little earlier.  Brian had long since decided global warming was the real deal.  He wished the politicos were doing more to stop it, but when half the population didn’t even think it was real, what could you do?  
He was back to work again, taking on client projects, designing and developing web sites.  The work was interesting and fun, and he liked small business owners.  They didn’t have much money, but they were usually good to work with.  Very hands-on.  He liked knowing his work directly translated into improved business for his clients.  
One fine Tuesday morning toward the end of May, something happened to shake his world.  He was walking from the grocery store back to his apartment, with a full grocery basket in hand, when he saw two young punks coming down the sidewalk.  He pushed the cart aside and wasn’t particularly surprised when they got in his way. 
The punks were Hispanic, and couldn’t be older than sixteen or seventeen.  There was a tall one and a short one.  The tall one put one hand on Brian’s cart and said, “Got any booze in there?”  
“None of your business if I do,” said Brian.  Santa Fe had a big gang problem for such a small town.  Brian had run into punks before, but his older age and aggressive stance usually kept them off.  
“Hey,” said the shorter one, digging a butterfly knife out of his pocket and flipping it open.  “We talk, you answer.  Give us the booze.  Fuck.  Give us the whole fucking cart, for stupid tax.”  
The voice in Brian’s head, the one he had heard in Hurghada when the Egyptian tried to steal his lamp, piped up.  
Flash fry, it said.  
Brian lifted one hand, and the punk with the knife lunged at him, swinging the blade.  Brian jumped back out of reach, and his hand came up, and he said, “Flash fry.”  
The short punk with the knife burst into flames.  It was sudden and surprising, and Brian was shocked into just standing there like an idiot.  Yellow fire burned the punk from the inside out.  Flames shot out his mouth and his eye sockets.  A cloud of black smoke roiled upward into the sky.  His clothes were consumed by the fire, turning into black cinders.  
The other punk was taken by surprise, then he pulled a snub-nose .38 out of his back pocket and pointed it at Brian.  Brian opened his fingers, and this time he didn’t say anything.  The tall punk erupted into red flames, and within seconds he was consumed.  Another black cloud boiled upward.  
There were now two pillars of man-shaped ashes standing on the sidewalk.  Brian looked around, but there was nobody else around.  A few cars motored along St. Michael’s Drive, a block away, but he was pretty sure they wouldn’t see him.  
Brian punched the air in front of him and said, “Shockwave.”  A blast of air exploded in front of him, slamming into the two carbonized punks and blasting their ashes all over the place.  Pieces of burnt clothing fell to the sidewalk or blew out into the street.  Now there was no evidence that the punks had ever been there, except some streaks of ashes on the ground.  
He swallowed hard, seeing the .38 pointed at him, and wondered if he had just had an extended hallucination.  With no punks left, where was the evidence?  At least in Egypt there was a body left behind.  He looked around again, and there was no one near him.  He pushed the cart in front of him and thought about his apartment, and voila, there he was, standing in his kitchen.  Somehow he simply disappeared off the sidewalk and appeared in his kitchen.  He unloaded the shopping cart into the fridge and the cabinets and folded up the cart and put it away.  
He went and took his Seroquel, washed it down with water, watching the cockroaches scuttle away from his pill bottle when he set it down.  This apartment was a relic from years ago, when he wasn’t making much money.  Really he should move out and get a nicer place, but that would suck up more of his money.  He preferred nice vacations every year, over a nicer place.  Priorities.  
He returned to the desk and sat down, noticed something on the floor.  Bent down, picked it up.  It was a scrap of red cloth, lightweight, like a piece of a cycling jersey.  The edges were burnt.  It was a couple inches square, small, but it looked like what the tall punk had been wearing.  He brought it up to his nose and smelled the charred stink of it.  It smelled like burnt meat and fabric.  
There was the brass lamp from Egypt, he’d placed it on the desk himself, and there was a burnt patch of fabric from a dead punk.  And some streaks of ashes on the sidewalk.  
Hallucinations, or the real thing?  What was happening to him?  If his mind was bugging out, where would it end?  A genie?  A dead Egyptian, a couple dead punks?  Each “hallucination” went on for several minutes.  Why were these visions so violent?  He didn’t see a phoenix in full flight, for instance, or a unicorn, or a rainbow.  It was all thieves and thugs.  
For a few minutes he sat there, chewing on the situation.  There was a way to do this, to explore what was real and what wasn’t.  With a little bounce he stood up and then stepped forward, thinking of the Rail Runner train station in downtown Albuquerque.  
Then he was standing at the Rail Runner station, in the restroom.  No one else was there.  There was a scrap of paper on the ground, it was a printout of the Rail Runner schedule.  He picked this up, took a step, and was back in his living room, looking at his desk.  He set the schedule on top of some papers.
Now he thought of JFK airport, in New York City.  He took a step, and he was suddenly behind a group of people walking down a concourse.  He walked along for a ways, until he came to a coffee shop, where he got a coffee and a croissant.  Then back down the concourse behind a group of business people.  He thought of his home, and in two steps he was back at his desk, the steaming coffee still in his hand.  
It was time for something bolder.  A quick trip to the closet, and here was a heavy-duty winter jacket.  He took a step and thought of Antarctica, and he was suddenly on a beach with zillions of penguins.  There was snow and ice up the beach a ways, and ice floated in the water.  He grabbed a chunk of ice and took a step, and bingo, he thought about it and was instantly back home.  The chunk of ice was still in his hand, and he went and dropped it in the sink to melt.  
Souvenirs.  Pieces of distant places.  No way had he blacked out and ended up at JFK.  It was not a hallucination to go all the way to Albuquerque or the South Pole.  
Time for something more powerful.  He almost went to his personal computer, but instinct warned him to use some other machine.  He took a step and found himself outside an internet café in Hurghada.  He went inside and got on a computer and looked up an article from the Santa Fe New Mexican from a few weeks ago.  It was about a cop who got in a quarrel with a woman driver in Albuquerque, at the same time that Brian had been on vacation.  The cop got bent out of shape and arrested the woman and took her away, leaving her kids in her car.  He put her in jail, as she howled for her kids to be gotten out of the car.  This was an  unusually hot day, something like eighty degrees, and the inside of the car was hot.  
Something like five hours later the cop cooled down and went to see about the kids.  The car had heated up like an oven, and both kids had died of heat stroke.  The name of the officer wasn’t being released, pending an investigation.  
An investigation.  Brian knew how that one was going to go.  The other cops would “investigate” and find this guy blameless.  Two dead kids, and the cop who killed them wouldn’t be charged with a crime or put in prison.  
So.  Should he punish this cop or let him go, so the system could do its thing and fail?  He chewed on it for a couple of days, going back and forth between killing the cop and letting him go.  
But no, he finally decided, there was a better way.  First, see if he could make the situation right.  The afreeti said he had a little healing power.  Time to put that to the test.  He took a step in his living room and thought, Take me to grave of the older kid.  In an instant he was standing in a cemetery, next to a fresh-dug grave.  He looked at the name on the headstone, Jacob Joule, and stepped back.  Bring him out of the ground, he thought.  
A coffin appeared on top of the grave.  It was a cheap coffin, from a poor family, and Brian knew there would be no justice for these people if he didn’t bring it.  Money spoke in America, it was the rich against the poor, and the middle class just trying to hang on.  This cop wasn’t going to be punished.  He was going to get away clean and go back to work killing other people’s kids.  
Brian opened the coffin, and there was an eight year old boy in repose, his eyes closed, his hands at his sides, his face impassive.  The corpse didn’t stink; that was probably due to embalming fluids.  He put his hand on the boy’s chest and thought, return him to life.  
The corpse twitched a little, and let out a puff of air.  His eyelids fluttered a few times.  Brian stood there for a long while, maybe ten minutes, trying to raise the dead. 
It didn’t work.  The boy remained dead.  The afreeti said a little healing.  Not enough.  Like the broken Egyptian, once dead stayed dead.  Brian closed the coffin lid and thought, put him back.  
The coffin disappeared, and the dirt on the grave looked disturbed, like someone had churned it up with a shovel.  
Brian couldn’t undo the cop’s work.  He couldn’t bring these kids back from the dead.  The afreeti gave him power, but it was the power of destruction, not the power of life.  Brian wasn’t following in the footsteps of Jesus, there would be no miracle of raising the dead.  So the cop won.  He got away with killing two kids and locking up their mother.  All in a day’s work for a criminal cop.  
He chewed on this for an hour, walking around the cemetery and reading headstones.  Should he let the cop get away with it, or not?  
Then the pieces fell into place, and he made his decision.  The cop wasn’t going to be let off the hook.  Today there would be punishment.  Crime and punishment.  No phony investigations with the results a foregone conclusion.  
The afreeti said Brian could use his magic to gather information.  He took a step in the graveyard and was instantly back in the internet café in Hurghada.  He printed out the article about the cop and the dead kids and held the papers in his hand and thought about it.  
What is the name of the officer who killed these kids?  
There was a smell of burnt paper, and the name Edgar Joyce appeared below the text of the article in brown, charred letters.  
Brian paid the café guy for use of the computer and went out into the street and around the building to a quiet spot.  
Take me to Edgar Joyce, he thought, and took a step.  
He appeared in a row of cubicles, sitting in a chair next to a wiry Hispanic guy who was tapping away on a computer keyboard.  The guy didn’t seem to have noticed him, so he cleared his throat.  
“Edgar Joyce?” he asked.  
The guy jumped in his seat and turned his head to look at Brian.  
“Who the hell are you?” he asked.  
For a long moment Brian sat there and stared at him, wondering if he was about to do the right thing.  He had already killed three people.  Was he really going to take on the role of judge, jury and executioner?  Who gave him that right?  But then, who gave Edgar Joyce the right to kill those kids?  This was one more out-of-control conservative, doing what conservatives do best: getting people killed.  
“I brought something for you,” said Brian.  “For those two kids you killed.”  
Edgar was really, really fast.  His hand flew to his pistol, and he had it halfway out of its holster before Brian could think, Flames.  Eat him alive.
Fire erupted from the cop, just like the punks, and in six seconds he had turned from a man to a pillar of ash.  Flames gushed out from his body and his eyes and his mouth.  A cloud of smoke arose from the charred corpse, and a powerful horn began sounding.  Smoke alarm.  All around him cops stood up in their cubicles and headed for the nearest exit.  
Brian stood up, facing away from the cops so they wouldn’t see his face, and took a step.  Home.  
Suddenly he stood in front of his desk, looking down at the Rail Runner schedule.  He took a deep breath and smelled the stink of human char on his clothes.  He had been too close to Edgar Joyce when the man burned.  He stripped down and threw the clothes in the laundry, then took a shower to get the smell off.  Then he dressed in fresh jeans and t-shirt, and that was the end of the matter.  
For the next week he stayed close to home, only going out to visit clients and go grocery shopping.  He spoke to his friends on the phone, and he and Rachel went out for coffee on Saturday morning, but he kept this string of murders to himself.  There was this voice in his head, pushing, telling him to kill more people.  Every time he saw someone in the grocery store, or on the sidewalk, or outside his apartment, he had the urge to burn them.  
To Rachel he said, “I’m feeling very aggressive lately.  Like I should go after people who do me wrong.  It’s disturbing.  I’m not normally like that.”  
She shifted on her seat in the café and took a sip of green tea.  “I feel that way about rapists and misogynists,” she said.  “There are a lot of men who gladly do women wrong.  I wouldn’t mind seeing those assholes punished.”  
“Yes, it’s like that: it’s punishment.”  He thought of the dead cop, the dead punks, the dead Egyptian.  He dreamed about these people, as fire rushed out of their flesh.  “What would you do if you had the power to punish assholes?”  
“Punish how?  Put them in jail?”  
“No, I mean kill them.  If you were magic and could kill them.”  
She thought about it.  “That would be dangerous.  If it was easy to kill people, you might start doing it a lot, without bothering to check if you got the right asshole.  You’d become a problem yourself.”  
“Yeah.  Guess you’d have to make sure you got the right prick.”  
“Did you see that article in the paper about the Albuquerque Police Department?  The cop who combusted?”  
“No, I’ve been reading the paper sporadically lately.  Just not into it.  What did it say?”  
“Some cop caught fire and burned to ashes.  Other cops were in the area and saw it happen.”  
“Sounds like an urban legend to me.”  
“Yeah, but they tested the ashes, and it was the cop.  Isn’t that weird?  The paper did a whole article on spontaneous human combustion.  Apparently there are a half dozen cases a year.  People just catch fire out of nowhere and burn up.  This cop was one of these people.  There have been cases reported all over the world.  Never very many, but a few, here and there.  It’s creepy.  You can just burst into flames and burn up in seconds.”  
“What did they say causes it?”  
“Often the person has been drinking, so they’re full of alcohol.  That can fuel the fire.  Or they’re close to a fire, like a burning cigarette or a fireplace.  The person’s clothes catch fire, then their skin melts, and their body fat fuels the fire, and if they’re drinking, the alcohol feeds the flames.”  
“Kind of gross, don’t you think?”  
“It’s sort of fascinating, in a way.  At the edge of science.”  
“I’ve been dreaming about that genie I saw in Egypt.”  
“That’s not a surprise.  I’d be amazed if you didn’t dream about a powerful hallucination like that.”  
“Yeah,” he said.  He wanted to tell her the whole story, the killings and the fire and the people turned to ashes, but he knew she would just think his illness was acting up.  If he tried to take credit for the torched cop, she would tell him to call his shrink and get straightened out.  So he choked on this news, and kept it to himself.  

His dreams became bizarre.  He dreamed of the burning cop, over and over again, and the horrified look on the faces of the two punks as the fire consumed their flesh.  The faces loomed in his mind, and they laughed and pointed accusing fingers at him.  The afreeti was there in his dreams as well, whispering about power and the breaking of nations.  He had killed four people now, in just over six weeks, and every day he felt a push to kill more.  That ugly voice in his mind howled and screeched and urged him to kill more people, anyone.  
“Must burn!” snarled the voice.  “Burn them all!”  
In his dreams he stood on the beach in Antarctica, surrounded by squawking penguins, picking up a chunk of ice for a souvenir.  
When he was awake he knew it was true, he could travel instantly to any place in the world.  He could burn people inside out or slam them with enough force to break their neck.  Bring down whole nations, the afreeti promised.  How?  He could barely kill one cop.  He saw the cop pulling his gun, again and again he was only a second away from being shot.  This was weak power.  He needed to get faster with it.  When he killed someone he needed to do it ruthlessly, without remorse.  Fast.  Very, very fast.  
He could kill cops; he could kill politicos.  He could burn his way through the Republican candidates for president, destroying all of them and giving Hillary the Oval Office by default.  He could burn the houses of Congress and take over the presidency.  What were they going to do to him, shoot him?  He was faster than them.  
Energy coursed through him, but it wasn’t the power he wanted.  What about healing, helping out the sick and the injured?  That was power people respected.  What he had was pure mayhem, death magic.  What the hell was he supposed to do with that?  
But, if you thought about it, he could make a difference.  He could throw his weight behind his chosen people.  He wanted to get stronger than just killing one person at a time.  Conservatives hunted in packs.  They were the cops, they were the soldiers, they were the businessmen, they were the billionaires.  He needed to take down whole packs at once.  
All he needed to do was to choose a time and a place.  





Social Justice, or, the blacks


There was always something going on in the black community, Brian figured.  Seemed like every time you turned around an unarmed black man was murdered by police, prompting protest marches and violent outbursts.  There had to be a solution to this ongoing problem.  This had been happening as long as Brian could remember, probably as long as his parents could remember, or even farther back than that.  Back to slavery days.  
So, the thing was, payback.  Payback for all the killings, payback for the beatings, payback for the murderous choke-holds, payback for the lynchings, payback for the slavery, payback for the cops taking every opportunity to kill black people.  
The afreeti said it was granting Brian “tremendous” power.  He hadn’t seen anything like that so far.  A few random killings, some losers snuffed out, nothing to write home about.  The power sizzled in his guts, it felt like fire and burning scumbags.  He’d killed a few assholes one on one.  He was going to have to do something more outrageous, push it a bit.  
Days turned into weeks, and then it was June.  His dreams were mostly nightmares about people burning up.  He saw the flames gushing out of the cop’s eye sockets, smelled the stink of human char, saw the punks fall apart into streaks of ash on the sidewalk.  No one would ever know where those punks had gone.  An eternal mystery to their families.  Sometimes he saw the young boy in the coffin, his eyelids fluttering as Brian applied insufficient power to bring him back to life.  He tossed and turned in his sleep, woke up every hour or two, could taste the stink of fried flesh.  
Power to kill.  Power to break and mutilate.  But not to heal, not to return from the dead.  He couldn’t undo the fuck-ups of the world, he could only punish their perpetrators.  
He visited his god-daughter and her parents and had dinner with them, and all through the meal he thought about this power he had acquired.  He wanted to tell his friends about it, describe the experience, ask for their advice, but he didn’t dare.  He got a dream catcher for his god-daughter, to keep away evil dreams, and her dad hung it over her bed.  Brian felt protective of Jacqueline, as though she was threatened and he could keep the bad guys away.  
“I’m dreaming about the genie I saw in Egypt,” he told them over the strawberry-rhubarb pie that Jenny served up for dessert.  
“Like what?” asked Greg.  
“Like it’s talking to me, saying to keep an eye on things, everything is going to go sour pretty soon.”  
“How is your work going?” asked Greg.  
“I have plenty of projects going on, my clients are telling their friends about me, and word of mouth is bringing in a lot of work.  I think this year I might break fifty thousand.”  
“You can get me a bicycle,” said his god-daughter.  
“You already have a bicycle,” said Greg.  
“A grown-up bicycle.”  
“It’s too early for a grown-up bike,” said her dad.  “Your kid bike will be good for a few years yet.”  He looked at Brian.  “She goes through toys like a demon.  Plays with them a year or two, then it’s on to new things.  Good thing we know lots of parents of young girls, they give us hand-me downs.”  
Brian chuckled.  “Gotta keep the kid happy,” he said.  
“Did real Indians make this dream catcher?” Jacqueline asked.  
“Real Zuni Indians, right here in New Mexico,” Brian said.  
“I’ve never seen a real Indian before.”  
“Didn’t you say there’s an Indian boy in your class at school?” asked her dad.  
“Yeah, but he doesn’t dress like a real Indian.  He just wears clothes like all the other boys.  I mean a real Indian.”  
“Someday when you’re a bit older I’ll take you to Zuni for a day among the Indians,” Brian promised.  “They have celebrations and dances at their town.  That would be fun to see.  I think they don’t allow you to take photos, though.”  
“I’d like to see Indians dancing,” said Jacqueline.  She held one hand to her mouth and made “woo-woo-woo” sounds.  
“We could all go to see that,” said Greg.  “That would be a good outing.  I think the Zuni pueblo is a couple hours drive from here.  Not too bad.”  
“What does this genie do, in your dreams?” asked Jenny.  
Brian almost blurted it out then, almost told them about the fire and the torched people, the dead Egyptian with his broken neck.  It was on the tip of his tongue.  Instead he said, “The genie promises power, but he doesn’t say what kind of power.  He just teases me.”  
“Sounds like Egypt made an impression on you,” Jenny said.  
“I didn’t even see the historical parts of the country, just the beaches,” said Brian.  “I’d really have some wild dreams if I saw Karnak and the Valley of the Kings and all that old stuff.”  
“I saw a genie in Aladdin,” said Jacqueline.  
“That was Robin Williams, wasn’t it?” asked Brian.  
“Yeah, before he died,” said Greg.  
“What did he die of?” asked Jacqueline.  
“A broken heart,” said Jenny, and she looked at the men to say this topic was closed.  
“I might die of a broken heart,” said Jacqueline.  
“I don’t think so,” said Greg, reaching over and mussing her hair.  “You’re a very strong person.”  
“If I have bad dreams, will an Indian come to take them away?” she asked.  
“The dream catcher will catch the bad dreams and keep them away,” said Brian.  “Only good dreams will come through.”  
“Okay,” said his god-daughter.  
The moment passed, and Brian didn’t feel like spilling his guts any more.  This was going to be hard.  He wanted to share his news, but he couldn’t do that.  They wouldn’t believe him at first, then he’d demonstrate it to them, and they’d talk about it with other people, and it would be straight to prison for Brian, murder one.  

He watched the news, and at the end of June he got his chance to do something about social justice.  In Los Angeles the cops shot an unarmed black man, Antoine Chinosco.  Black and Hispano.  He smarted off to the cops, and they capped him.  The city was erupting in riots.  Blacks attacked the cops, cops attacked the blacks.  People were arrested; people were killed.  The riots were wide-spread and involved tens of thousands of people.  The governor of California called out the National Guard, and they moved in with M4 rifles and .50 caliber machine guns and grenade launchers.  The rioters took up AR-15s and sawed-off shotguns.  Things got ugly.  Brian watched all this go on for a few days on the television, hundreds of casualties, and he decided that this was where he was going to act.  
He dressed in black and put on dark hiking boots, and he took a step in his living room and thought, Take me to the thick of the fighting in Los Angeles. 
In an instant he stood on a surface street.  There were gunshots sounding all around him, and he ran to the side of the street and crouched in the doorway of an apartment tower.  An armored personnel carrier cruised down the street, heading toward a group of young black men who had taken cover behind some steps.  The APC was buttoned up, and machine gun barrels stuck out here and there.  Brian watched one of the barrels swing around to point at himself.  
Explode, he thought, and the APC blew apart in flames and shrapnel.  Something hit Brian in the leg, and he yelped.  The APC burned ferociously, and the young black guys sent up a cheer and shook their weapons over their heads.  
Brian stood up and took a step, and he was back home in his living room.  His black jeans were torn on his left leg, and there was a cut in the flesh.  It was bleeding, not heavily but steadily.  He had been lucky.  That chunk of shrapnel could have hit him in the head, or the chest, and killed him.  But it had just winged him, and given him a minor wound.  
Take a step.  Back into the thick of the fighting.
He appeared on the side of a wide street, where fifty National Guardsmen were facing off with two hundred armed black men.  The black men were throwing rocks and taunting the Guardsmen, and the Guardsmen levelled their rifles at the black men.  Everyone looked pumped up and ready to kick ass.  Brian was right between the two forces, on the sidelines.  He backed up, so no one would kill him, and stood with his back to a commercial building.  
The two sides opened fire at the same time, and people fell.  Brian watched it all go down for eight or ten seconds.  He knew what he wanted to do, but this was a radical step.  Some of these Guardsmen had probably served in Afghanistan, like he had.  Was he really ready to kill American soldiers?  But look at the fuckers.  They were killing these black guys, who had been getting stomped on their whole lives.  Just more white oppression.  It was conservative oppression; most soldiers were conservatives.  Time to make a point.  
Incinerate the Guardsmen, he thought, and all of a sudden flames erupted from the camouflage-covered soldiers.  The men screamed, and fire blossomed from their bodies, and they were reduced to pillars of ash.  Fifty guys at once.  The black men fired their weapons into the ashes and blew them apart; pieces of uniforms and M4 rifles fell to the ground.  The black men ran forward and seized the guns, and a few of them looked at Brian.  A sawed-off shotgun was aimed at him.  He took a step and thought, 
Where are most of the National Guardsmen?  Take me there.
Now he appeared in another urban neighborhood, where maybe five hundred National Guardsmen and two thousand black men were crouched behind cars and shooting at each other.  Brian was inside a print shop, which was locked up, and he stared out the front window as the two sides blasted each other.  
Rain of fire on the Guardsmen, he thought, and there was a crack of thunder from the clouds above.  Rain began to fall on the Guardsmen’s side of the fight, and the strong smell of gasoline reached Brian’s nose.  He backed away from the front window as the Guardsmen continued to fire; the muzzle flashes from their rifles set the gasoline rain on fire, and hundreds of men screamed.  They were like human torches, fire roaring from their clothing and their flesh as their world burned.  The black men stared in fascinated horror as the Guardsmen burnt up.  Just like that, in two minutes, the fight was over with.  The Guardsmen lay on the sidewalk, burnt to char, and the black men ran over and claimed their weapons and took spare magazines from the fallen men.  
For the next half hour Brian went from pockets of fighting to the battlefront.  Sometimes he torched the National Guard, and sometimes he burnt up groups of cops who were armed with military weapons.  He was shot at twice, and hit once in the side, but it was like the wound on his leg, it was just a minor scrape and nothing to worry about.  He killed maybe a thousand National Guards and cops in all, at a dozen battle sites.  Adrenaline flowed through him, and by the end of it he was howling, “Kill them!  Fire and char!  Fall, fiery rain!  Everything burns!  Die, you fucking conservatives!”  
The power rushed through him and put his brain on fire.  He went home for a moment and picked up a small radio, and when he returned to Los Angeles he turned this on and listened to reports of an “army” of armed black men attacking the center of the city.  The cops there were outgunned and were taking tons of casualties, and something terrible had happened to the National Guard.  Blacks were looting businesses and killing anyone they came across.  Waves of black “protestors” had claimed City Hall and had taken the mayor prisoner and demanded to talk to the press.  
Brian torched a few more clumps of National Guardsmen, and a large group of cops, as a sort of afterthought, then he found himself not far from City Hall, behind a group of heavily armed black men who were looking for trouble.  He felt good.  This time things had gone differently from the usual script.  Usually the black men were killed, and the cops and the National Guard were victorious.  This time the black men were the victors.  They had gotten payback for all the vile history.  
Brian wasn’t deep into black issues, like he was with the Indians, but he had done his bit to help the blacks of Los Angeles make a point about power.  The authorities would never look at a protest in the same way again.  From now on they would be afraid of black power.  Thousands of automatic weapons had changed hands, and the black men had gotten hold of real machinery of war, with Brian’s help.  The black community was now empowered to fight back.  
He thought, Home, and with a single step he was back in his living room.  He stripped off the black clothes with their cuts and scrapes and threw them in the garbage; then he took a shower and washed off the blood.  He slapped bandages on his wounds.  This could easily have gone against him.  He could have been blown away by either side.  He should have thought about being invisible so he could hide from the combatants.  
His blood shivered with fight-or-flight chemicals, and he lay on his bed for a long time, letting the battles flow through his mind.  The screams of the burning men played again and again, and he felt sorry for them but was not repentant.  
Suddenly it all peaked, and he wrenched to his feet and staggered to the bathroom and threw up in the toilet.  It was that stink of burnt meat that really got to him.  So many dead.  This was more like the “tremendous” power the afreeti had promised him.  Killing hundreds of people in an hour and a half.  Maybe as many as a thousand.  Lay low armies, the afreeti said.  That’s what he had done, toppled the U.S. National Guard.  A rush of power surged through him, and he was ready to kill again.  Conservatives, liberals, moderates, the Army, the cops, Republicans, Democrats, any or all of them.  
It doesn’t matter who, whispered the afreeti’s voice in his head. It was just the exercise of it, the thought and the explosion of violence.  The falling corpses, and that horrid stench.  The feeling of power raced through him.  He felt dizzy with it, high on it, stretched ten feet tall and ready to kill everyone.  
But they could kill him, too.  It only took one sniper, one person noticing him standing there, and he was toast.  He would be more careful in the future.  
And now it occurred to him that he could try something.  He put one finger on the wound on his leg and thought, Heal.  The wound closed up, and a white scar remained.  He touched the wound on his torso and did the same thing.  Now he laughed, loud and strong.  This much healing he could do.  He couldn’t raise the dead, but he could heal minor wounds.  Let them wing him!  They had nothing!  
The mentally ill voices babbled in his head, and the afreeti’s voice urged him to kill more people, and it took all his willpower to regain control of his mind.  It mattered to him who he killed.  He wasn’t going to kill random people just because the power was pushing him to kill.  Pinpoint the targets, get the right guys.  Make it stand for something.  

Days passed, and the media whipped into a frenzy over the riots in Los Angeles.  Seven hundred and twenty National Guardsmen were killed, and four hundred cops had died.  About a hundred and fifty blacks were killed in the fighting.  The media was full of speculation.  Experts agreed that someone out there had a terrible new weapon and had tested it in Los Angeles.  Most commentators thought it was a black man who had this weapon, and the FBI and NSA were using footage of the riots to identify leaders and search for whoever had the new toy.  
Brian watched this with keen interest.  After a week the media began playing a short video showing Brian standing to one side of the fighting.  Then the National Guardsmen burnt up, and Brian disappeared.  The footage was from a security camera near the scene.  It was a grainy and indistinct image, but they were able to tell it was a white guy.  He was glad he had thrown those clothes away.  
Now the media babbled on about a terrorist who was using the riots as a testing ground for this new weapon everyone was talking about.  Experts agreed that the camera had malfunctioned in showing Brian suddenly disappearing.  He watched himself at the scene of the crime, over and over again, as the footage aired.  The entire country was looking for him.  It occurred to him that he’d left a few drops of blood behind at the places where he’d been wounded.  Were they going to get his DNA via those drops of blood?  That was something to worry about.  Otherwise, they still had nothing.  A bad video of a white man standing there looking intense, then disappearing.  Fuck the authorities.  They had nothing.  
He called Rachel and talked about the riots.  
“What do you think of this mystery man who was there one moment and then disappeared?” he asked.  “Is that like spontaneous human combustion?”  
“He didn’t burn up, he bugged out,” she said.  “They say the camera malfunctioned.  What else could it be?  Was this the weapon guy?  Or was he just a bystander who got the hell out of there before he got shot?” 
“LAPD wants his ass pretty bad,” Brian said, chuckling.  
“Why are you laughing?  It’s not funny.  What if it is this guy, and he shows up at future protests?  This will encourage the most violent people to go on the offensive.  They’ll be killing cops and soldiers left and right.  Those people don’t represent the peaceful protestors.”  
“I don’t think the cops and the National Guard sort out the peaceful people from the violent ones,” Brian said.  “They shoot them all.  It’s fair for the blacks to shoot back.”  
“I would make a distinction between violent thugs and peaceful demonstrators,” Rachel said with some heat.  “Do you think this white guy had the weapon that killed all those soldiers?”  
“Where is the gun?” Brian said, thoroughly enjoying this conversation.  He had all the pieces of the puzzle, but he was withholding everything.  He had all the cards.  The cops, the soldiers, the president, the congress, they had dick.  They could speculate until they turned blue; it wouldn’t help them.  
“Maybe it’s not a gun.  Maybe it’s more like a grenade, and you throw it and it burns everyone up.”  
“It’s all just guesswork,” Brian said cheerfully.  “I think this guy was just a bystander who decided to get out of there before some angry black guy mistook him for a soldier and shot his ass.  Only a crazy man would stay around all that fighting.”  
“Those violent black guys are going to be killing white people, you know that, right?” she asked.  
“I think the blacks have been getting the short end of the stick for centuries,” Brian said.  “Now they have machine guns and assault rifles.  Let the cops try to bust down on them now.  This will change the face of protests across the country.  Every red-blooded black man out there will be looking for the chance to get his hands on military ordinance.  The days when the whites stomped on the blacks are over.  It’s a new day for black America.  Whoever is to credit for the situation, it’s a major change in the status quo.”  
“Wow, you’ve never talked about black people like this before,” she said.  “I didn’t think you were into black issues.”  
“I’ve been watching blacks get stomped on my whole life,” he said.  “About time a game changer came along.”  
“The authorities in LA are asking people to return the military weapons to the government,” she said.  “How pathetic is that?  They know they don’t have enough manpower to take them back by force.  If they try that, hundreds of cops and soldiers will be killed.  You’re going to have a lot more black on black violence, with these weapons floating around, and there will be more black on white violence, too.  The situation has just gotten a lot worse.”  
“It’s a victory for black America,” Brian protested.  “Let them dish out a little of what they’ve been getting.  Maybe people will make conditions better for blacks.”  
“No, it’s only going to lead to all sorts of killing, and the situation will be worse for peaceful blacks, because everyone will see all blacks as violent thugs.”  
“That was happening anyway,” said Brian.  “The peaceful people have never had a chance in all this.  It’s going to be decided by violence.” 
There was a long pause on the phone, and Brian realized he’d been getting pretty hot under the collar as they talked.  
“Since when did you believe in violence as the answer?” she asked at last.  
“Since I saw the peaceful way wasn’t working,” he said.  
“I disagree with you,” she said.  
“There’s room for that,” he said.  
“I had sex with my pianist a few days ago.”  
“Ha, ha, good for you!  Was he good in bed?”  
“Better than I thought he’d be.  He was only boring at first.  He’s gotten better with time.  I’ve been on several dates with him, and it keeps getting better.  This one might be a keeper.”  
Brian was quiet for a few moments, thinking about that.  He’d known Rachel for years, and she’d never kept a man for more than a few months in the past.  “You’re feeling the years catching up with you,” he teased.  
“Maybe that’s it.  I’m thinking, I want kids.  It takes twenty years to raise kids.  If I’m serious about doing this, I need to get started pretty soon.  I can see settling down with the pianist.  He can teach our kids to play piano.  I’d like that.”  
“Wow, you’re thinking ahead.  Hey, you’re leaving me behind!  Where’s my sugar momma, to shower me with cash on the road to success?”  
“Good luck with that,” she chuckled.  
“All I get is a dream genie and more clients and more work.”  
“Suck it up, Buttercup.”  
They both laughed, and then they ytalked for a few more minutes.  Brian had to go, get back to work.  He had six projects going at once and was busy, and there was a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce coming up where he intended to press the flesh and hand out business cards.  He did a lot of business development, but he didn’t mind that part of it.  He wanted to do more work for the art galleries in Santa Fe, because a lot of money moved through there, and he wanted to shave off his little slice of it.  So far he’d only done web sites for two galleries, and that hadn’t led to more gallery work.  It was a chummy little club, and he wasn’t sure how to break in.  It was time he got serious and went to the galleries in a suit, with a laptop, and showed the owners what he could do for them.  That’s what it was going to take.  
Over the next few weeks he did the necessary business development and came out of it with several more clients, one more gallery client.  He figured he might have to make the rounds more than once.  Maybe every six months, until they knew his face and felt comfortable with him.  You had to think of biz dev as an ongoing situation.  He worked on the six projects he currently had and finished a few of them, and the checks rolled in, and he made rent.  Looked like he’d make fifty grand this year.  Better than last year.  

The media played his grainy image for a couple of weeks, then people got bored with it because there was no progress.  Some reporter noted the similarity between the Los Angeles burnings and the burning at the Albuquerque Police Department, but nothing came of that.  No one realized that those streaks of ashes on the street not far from Brian’s apartment were two punks; no one connected the dots.  
He thought about this a lot, trying to decide how to approach his unofficial job.  He could either go invisible and hope he didn’t get shot in the cross fire, or he could be more aggressive.  But what did that mean?  He chewed on it for weeks, and June turned into July.  He’d just have to wing it as incidents came up, and try to establish a brand with his killings.  
In the meantime, the bad dreams continued.  He heard the National Guardsmen screaming, and saw their bodies writhe in the flames, and he saw the cops erupting in fire and turning to ash.  Even the Egyptian thief was in those dreams, flung across the beach like a rag doll, his neck snapped by the force of Brian’s hit.  He woke up dozens of times a night, to hear voices in his head shouting out for more death, more killings, more char.  
Sometimes he got up and walked around the living room for half an hour, hearing the echoes of the screeches reverberating in his head.  The mentally ill voices that sometimes hounded him begged him for mercy, promised reform.  There were hallucinations of soldiers in his apartment; he woke up at two in the morning seeing people bending over his bed, and then orange fire jetted out of them, and they screamed and died.  This happened dozens of times, and he became frightened to go to sleep at night.  
It became hard to work, and he slowed down, and for a while there it was rough and tumble, day in and day out.  One of his clients said he looked tired, and hoped her project hadn’t worn him out, and he turned on the charm and said it was all the turmoil in the media, these terrible killings.  
“Oh, that’s Los Angeles for you,” she said.  “I’m so glad I live in a normal state like New Mexico and not a hell hole like California.”  
“Yeah, Los Angeles seems to get a lot of bad press,” he said as he showed her the new website he had built for her business.  She was very pleased with the work and said she’d refer him to friends.  So Brian left her, feeling pretty good about his work.  

Unfortunately, work was the only thing that was going well.  His mental illness spiked, and he became manic and extremely paranoid.  He developed a deep fear of the television and didn’t want to see the articles in the paper about the rash of killings going on in Los Angeles.  Apparently armed black men were laying ambushes for the cops and were killing whites and Asians.  Police SWAT teams were putting in record hours trying to keep up with the attacks. 
Brian’s automatic response to these attacks was, “Good for the blacks, they’re giving back some of what they’ve been getting for so long,” but the media ran photos of the dead, and he was forced to look in their faces and see the destruction he had unleased.  
His dreams were full of violence.  He dreamed in terms of race, sneaky blacks ambushing white women in the laundromat and killing Asian children in the playgrounds.  He knew he was responsible for this.  He had armed the worst elements of black society, and they were lashing out.  How did you weigh this against lynching, cross burnings, police shootings of unarmed black men, citizen shootings of blacks because they felt “threatened?”  The authorities in California were afraid to call out the National Guard again, for fear that they would be incinerated.  
But Brian was done with all that.  He had made a grand gesture to America’s blacks, and he would not do it again.  He wasn’t going to fight their battles for them.  If the thugs wanted to fight, so be it.  
His microwave began talking to him, hissing the names of the dead as he heated his frozen dinners.  His computer began making chiming noises, as though it was trying to communicate with him, and he heard Rachel’s voice saying he was going crazy.  He had so far managed not to show this to Greg and Jenny, and he of course didn’t discuss issues like this with his conservative mother.  But Rachel was his best buddy, and his paranoia attached to her and insisted that she was going to abandon him for the pianist.  
He had a photo of Rachel that she had given him a couple years ago.  She had had her hair done and wore a nice dress, and she looked quite fetching.  Now he was terrified that she was going to go her own way, and that would be the end of them.  His best friend would depart.  
Maybe he should torch the pianist?  The power moved in him every time he thought about this, and he knew it would be so, so easy to kill the man.  But that would lead cops and the FBI and the NSA and God knew who all straight to Santa Fe, and they’d tear the town apart looking for clues as to who had killed the man.  Someone might match the grainy LA video with his Facebook image.  The fucking conservatives were clever sometimes.  
So he huddled at home, working on client projects, venturing out only for groceries and professional visits.  He met with Rachel for coffee a few times and could barely contain his fear as she described her pianist in glowing terms.  He wanted to kill the pianist, so help him God: murder flowed in his veins.  The voices in his head demanded death.  They howled about laying waste to armies, slamming entire countries, bringing whole civilizations to an end.  He had fevered visions of millions of dead people piled up everywhere.  It was everything he could do not to let on the extent of his madness to Rachel.  Instead he kept it all inside, and looked for another target.  






A THOUSAND BROKEN TRIBES, 
OR, THE INDIANS


The nightmares and flashbacks that afflicted Brian continued through July and into August.  He woke every forty-five minutes and thrashed around in his bed, seeking something that wasn’t there.  He was trying to find the afreeti that had given him his power, but it remained just out of reach.  His system was pumped full of adrenaline, and he found himself wanting to run.  Anywhere, any distance, day or night, hot or cold.  Just run, get away from the burning National Guardsmen and the dead cops.  His mentally ill voices turned into the voices of the dead, who berated him throughout the day and into his sleep.  They squawked about their wives, their sons and daughters, their parents. 
“Who are you to kill our families?” one of the voices wailed.  It was a National Guard officer, maybe a captain, who looked at Brian through burnt-out eyes and pointed at him with a fried fist.  “WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?”  
Brian chalked these terrible dreams up to the media, hunting for him, and the resulting increase in his paranoia.  He stopped talking with his friends, until Greg called him to invite him out hiking.  He and Greg and Jenny hiked in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains, just a short jaunt that Jacqueline could also do.  About four miles.  Jenny packed plenty of snacks, and they all carried water, and it was a good hike.  Jacqueline got a muffin from her mom and carried it half a mile, then she said, 
“Dad, do you want this muffin?”  
“No, sweetie, I’ve had enough to eat.”  
“Uncle Brian, would you like a muffin?  It’s blueberry.”  
“Sure, I’ll take it.”  
“That will be two dollars,” she said.  
The adults busted up laughing, and Brian chuckled, “No arts or humanities for you, kiddo.  It’s business school for you.”  
“She’s got it down pat,” cackled her dad.  “Have her mom bake the goodies, then sell them for pure profit.”  He was amused by this and mussed Jacqueline’s hair.  The girl didn’t see what was so funny.  
Brian said, “I think you can have the muffin, girlie.  I don’t have two bucks, I’m broke.”  
“I’ll give it to you for one dollar,” she said.  
“You’re on.”  He dug a dollar out of his wallet and handed it over, and she gave him the muffin, which he devoured.  If she was going to be a business girl, she might as well be successful at it.  
“You don’t have to humor her when she pulls a stunt like this,” said her mom.  
“Initiative should be rewarded.  Just because none of us is a business major, doesn’t mean we shouldn’t encourage her to be one.”  
They walked another mile through the forest, and Greg stopped suddenly and pointed off to the left.  Everyone looked, and maybe thirty yards away was a deer, looking right at them.  
“A doe, I guess,” Greg said in a low tone.  
“Take his picture, dad,” said Jacqueline.  
For some reason this heightened Brian’s paranoia.  He looked at the camera in horror, that someone would catch his image and tell the cops, and they’d match him up with the guy in Los Angeles, and that would be the end of him.  They’d give him the death penalty, he was sure of it.  
“Are you alright, Brian?” asked Jenny.  “You look freaked out.”  
“Cameras make my paranoia act up,” he said feebly.  “Just ignore me.  It’ll go away.”  
Greg turned the camera on him, and he released a wrenched squealing sound as his paranoia spiked.  Greg stared at him in shock and turned the camera back on the deer and snapped a picture.  
“You can take my picture,” said Jacqueline.  
Greg focused on his daughter, and she struck a ballet pose.  
“How are you doing in school?” Brian asked her.  He was shaking from the camera being pointed at him, and needed to find a way to move past this.  
“It’s okay,” she said.  “I have a lot of friends in school.  I like kindergarten.”  
“Don’t your medicines help with the paranoia?” asked Greg.  He put the camera back in its pouch on his belt, and Brian felt the paranoia go back down to normal.  
“No.  Apparently the paranoia isn’t treated by any known drugs,” Brian said.  “They can treat the voices and the delusions.  They can make the hallucinations go away, and the fear.  But the paranoia remains your constant pal.”  
Greg looked at him.  “That was a hell of a look you had on your face,” he said.  “Does it make you want to attack people?”  
“Not so far,” he lied.  He had managed to keep the destructive voices suppressed, but the power in him seemed to feed the mental illness symptoms and make them worse.  He was on the max dosage of the drug; he couldn’t take any more of it.  It was grit and grin from here on out.  
They finished the loop trail and came back to the parking lot.  
“You did great, kiddo,” said Brian.  “That’s four miles, and you didn’t complain once.”  
“She needs to take rest breaks every half mile, but that’s not so bad,” said Greg.  He took water bottles out of his day pack, and everyone had a drink.  
They went for lunch at a fast food joint, and Greg dropped Brian off at his place.  It had been a good weekend day, and he looked forward to more outings with his friends that summer.  
	
He worked on client projects, and for the first half of August he was too busy to worry about the power burning in him.  He felt afraid of his clients and only went to client businesses with great trepidation.  The voices told him that his clients were actually FBI agents looking for him, and if he let down his guard for an instant he would be snapped up and prosecuted.  
Around the middle of August his jumbled thoughts coalesced into a coherent notion.  He wanted to do something for the Indians.  Kill their enemies, enlarge their reservations, steal some money for them, something.  He thought it over for a few days and decided he would make a gesture toward the Navajo, the largest tribe in the United States.  
On a Thursday morning he dressed in jeans and a cycling jersey and put on hiking boots.  He took a step and thought, Navajo president’s office.  Instantly he was there.  A portly Indian man stood before him, with his back to Brian.  He was staring out a large picture window onto some sort of memorial or monument.  Brian figured they were on the Navajo reservation somewhere.  
He cleared his throat, and the man jumped and whirled around to look at him.  “Who the hell are you?” the president asked.  “How did you get in here?”  He appeared to be in his fifties and looked like an Indian.  It was the tanned face, the cheekbones, the sad eyes.  
“You don’t know me, Mister President, but I’m the guy who killed all those National Guardsmen in Los Angeles.  I did it to help the blacks, because they’ve gotten stomped on for a long time.”  
The president looked him square in the eyes for a long moment, then he said, “Lot of people get stomped on, in America.”  
“I came to offer my help to your people,” Brian said.  
“Are you an anthropologist?” the president asked.  “Or a social worker?”  
“No.  I have power.  I can kill your enemies.  Just tell me who, and they’re gone.”  
The president stared at him for a long, long time, until Brian actually became quite uncomfortable.  “The Navajo have attorneys to take on the government, and we have tribal cops to take on lawbreakers.  We try to get along with other tribes these days, but those Apaches could use a smack down.  And urban Indians come back from the white man’s world and expect us to lay out a carpet of rose petals for their return.”  
“I can wipe out the Apaches,” Brian offered.  
The president rubbed his face with one hand and said, “I don’t think Indians should be bargaining to kill other Indians.  We have enough problems with the whites.  Forget I said anything about the Apaches.  Just old bad blood.  We forget very slowly.  Why do you care?  You’re not Indian, are you?”  
“No.  But I’m concerned about Indians.  You’ve gotten a bad ride for so many years.  It’s time somebody evened the odds.”  
“We just won a major lawsuit against the U.S. government.  Half a billion dollars into our coffers.  Now we’re looking at how to spend it, to benefit the most people.  That’s my job, young man.  All that weight rests on me.  Are you really that guy from Los Angeles?”  
“Yes, that was me.  I can kill thousands of people in a few hours.  I want to kill your enemies.  Let me help you the only way I can.”  
The president shook his head.  “A hundred and fifty years ago we could have used someone like yourself.  But our battles these days are legal battles, and cultural battles.  Good luck to you, but I can’t have anything to do with you.  The U.S. government would really ride herd on the Navajos if they thought I’d thrown in with you.”  
Brian stood there, feeling frustrated and useless.  The president shrugged and held up his hands in a helpless gesture, and Brian nodded.  He got it, already.  
He took a step and thought, Home, and he was in his living room.  He went and got a can of soup and heated it up and ate.  This was bad.  Which tribes needed his help?  If the Navajos couldn’t put him to use, who could?  
Days passed, and he went to the Apaches, and the Utes, the Pueblos and the Cherokees, the Spokanes and the Eskimos, and made the same offer he’d made to the Navajos.  The Indian leaders all said the same thing, they didn’t have any use for someone whose only talent was for killing people.  Brian had gotten the impression that the Navajos were a warrior tribe with deep disgruntlement toward the government and whites in general, and they couldn’t use him.  These other tribal leaders just shook their heads and said they needed lawyers, not a killer of men.  
He knew there were hundreds of tribes in North America, but he figured that what ten of them told him was what they all would tell him.  None of the tribes wanted a shooting war with the U.S. government.  Several leaders said they had gaming casinos, and those worked to bring in income.  It was a way for the Indians to work with the whites for the good of the Indians.  Brian appealed to the Apache sense of warrior pride, but their leader just shrugged.  
“Two hundred years ago, sure, you would have been a valued member of the tribe,” said the Apache leader.  “But not these days.  Too many whites, not enough Apaches to stir things up.  Good luck helping out the blacks, they’ve run with it.”  
The blacks had indeed run with it.  Los Angeles was a shooting gallery.  Black men with M4 rifles were perching themselves above the freeways, shooting white drivers on the highways below them.  Something like thirty whites had been killed this way.  Brian felt sorry for them, but he also felt sorry for all the blacks who had been killed by white people.  Payback is a bitch, motherfucker.  

Brian called his parents, and his mother answered the phone.  
“Hillary Clinton is an embarrassment to the Unites States and a shame before our allies,” she said by way of asking him how he was.  
He didn’t really feel like politics, but he said, “Wow, could that Scott Walker have gotten any more extreme?  It’s hard to imagine a more fiscally incompetent Republican.”  
His mother paused and then said, “How you doing, son?”  
“My illness is acting up.  Paranoia nonstop.  A friend of mine made like he was going to take my picture, and I freaked out.”  
“You haven’t gone off your medicine, have you?  You guys keep doing that, and then you get in trouble.”  
“Still taking my tablets, every day.  I hallucinate about those guys who burned up in Los Angeles.  See it over and over again.  Bad times in the big city.”  
“Well, that’s not your problem, is it?  Los Angeles is queerville, and God is punishing them for their sodomy.  Pitting all the races against each other, like the Tower of Babel all over again.  I thought you said the different races get along pretty well in Santa Fe?”  
“They do, sort of.  People seem to pick on the Indians a lot.” 
“You and your Indians.  How are the Indians doing?”  
“I feel like I want to offer my help to the various tribes, but what could I do for them?  They need lawyers, not soldiers.”  
“Go to L.A.  The black people down there are looking for soldiers.  Fight with the cops.”  
“I’ve gotten a bellyful of the cops, mother.  A cop was killed in Albuquerque a few months ago.  Burnt up, the same way as those guys in L.A.”  
“This wouldn’t happen if the Republicans held office.  Damned Democrats are weak.  They let people get away with murder.”  
“I still dream of that genie.  It really made an impression.”  
“I guess that seeing things would leave you confused.  That’s probably why you’re a liberal.  Confused.”  
“How’s dad?”  
“He’s feeling a little stronger.  He’s set aside his walker and started walking a half mile a day.  He’s on a ton of drugs for his heart.  Like father, like son.  Both of you on chemicals.”  
“There are very slim odds I’ll get better,” said Brian.  “At least dad should improve over time.”  
“Is there something new going on with your condition?” she asked.  “Should I be worried?”  
“No.  Just same old.  Paranoia is worse lately, and the voices are howling up a storm.  They sound like dead soldiers.”  
“You shouldn’t watch the news if it makes you miserable,” she said.  “Even Fox News is that way, it’s all death and destruction.  Where are the births and the graduations and the marriages?  Where are the good things in life?  You won’t find them on the news.”  
“Jeb Bush is keeping low, letting Trump self-destruct,” he said.  “Trying to hang on as the favorite.”  
“To hell with Jeb Bush.  We’ve had enough Bushes.  They’re all closet moderates.  They work too closely with the liberals.  We need Scott Walker in the presidency.”  
“Good luck with that,” Brian said.  
“You’re making me mad with all this Jeb Bush nonsense,” she said.  “How’s work?”  
“I’ve got a steady stream of customers.  Looks like I’ll break fifty grand this year.”  
“About time.  I thought all you computer nerds were rich.  Now you have to find a nice girl and settle down.”  
“I haven’t dated in months.  Mental illness is a big obstacle.”  
“Hmm, I suppose that’s a problem.  But Santa Fe is a liberal town, your kind of people.  Should be some woman there who wants to take up with a good man.”  
“Probably a conservative girl who wants to give me a hard time.”  
She laughed.  “I’ve got to go.  Time to start dinner.  Dad says hi.”  
“He still isn’t over Hillary yet?  She’s not going away.”  
“You know your dad.  Once he’s in his temper, it drags on.”  
“Tell him I said hi and that work is going well.”  
“I’ll pass it on.  Love you, son.”  
“Love you too, mom.” 

August became September, and with global warming it was hot out.  He was still having bad dreams at night, seeing all the dead and dying National Guardsmen, and he realized somewhere along the way that a significant percentage of them had been black.  He had torched the people he was trying to help.  
Damn.  What to think about that?  They were on the wrong side, that was all.  It wasn’t just the color of your skin, it was the choices you made.  The National Guard chose to stomp on blacks, and Brian chose to stomp on the National Guard.  Stomp on the LAPD, too.  
During the day he had flashbacks to the cop he’d killed in Albuquerque.  He also thought of the kid he’d tried to raise from the dead, and how that was a failure.  The only power he truly had was the power to kill.  He could do some interesting tricks with travel and gathering information, but mostly the afreeti had enabled him to carry out murders.  He wasn’t sure he was well suited to this form of power.  He could do it, but the side effects were a bitch.  He understood that he had some form of PTSD, that was what these visions and dreams and flashbacks were all about.  He was too wrapped up in the killing.  Wasn’t there a way where he could simply kill these fuckers and be done with it?  
His parents had raised him to be respectful of others, and that upbringing was directly contradicted by the power he had been granted.  Who was he to believe in, his parents or the afreeti?  And the power, it pushed on him, every damned day.  It was like a parasite living inside him, looking constantly for the next meal.  He wanted to kill cops, robbers, random people.  Was this what a pit bull felt like, every time it passed another dog?  The desire to go for the throat?  
He thought about the Indians, the Navajos, and he read the Navajo Times and the Santa Fe New Mexican, looking for enemies of the Navajo people.  He was cagey about it.  He transported himself to Morocco and went to an internet café there to read the news, and in that way he hoped to foil efforts by the authorities to identify him.  He figured if he read this media in America, the cops and the FBI were watching, or the NSA would nail him.  He had to stay disassociated from the people he killed.  No paths back to him.  
From the media he found a trio of white teenagers charged with the murder of an elderly Navajo homeless man.  The teens took up rocks and baseball bats and beat the old man to death, then bragged about it on Facebook.  The sister of one of the teens turned them in to the authorities.  
He thought about it for a few days, then he decided to go for it.  A step in the living room, and the thought, Take me to these three teen killers.  But first he turned himself invisible, just by thinking about it.  
He took a step, and the other side was a grim prison.  He was in a white-washed cell with two teenage boys.  He recognized the ringleader of the three teens from his picture in the newspaper, and he thought, Flames.  The teen burst into flames and was dead in an instant.  A black cloud stinking of charred flesh rose to the ceiling, and the other teen in the cell started screeching for the guards.  
Brian took a step and thought, Now the next one.  He came out in a room, painted white, with a heavy door that had a small window set in it.  There were bunk beds in here, and three teen boys.  
Which one of these was it? he thought, and one of the boys said, 
“It was me.”  
Brian thought, Flames, and the boy erupted into fire and died.  The stink was worse this time, because the room was small, and there was nowhere for the smoke to escape.  One of the other boys hit an intercom button and shouted for help, as Brian took a step and thought, Last one.  He came out in a prison exercise room, where a bunch of buff teens were working out.  He was standing right next to a kid whose face matched one of the three teens in the newspaper.  A momentary thought, and the boy burned up.  The other inmates shouted and ran away, and guards ran to see what was going on.  Brian thought, Home, and he was in his own comfy living room again.  
The president of the Navajo Nation would hear about these three teens’ deaths, and he would know Brian was a friend to the Navajos.  Kill an Indian, and you burn.  
For a month, into October, Brian visited his friends and went to Morocco and read the media on the internet.  Two men were charged with killing a Zuni Indian in a barroom brawl, and Brian turned invisible and torched them both.  He intervened in half a dozen incidents like this.  It seemed a lot of people wanted to kill Indians.  For some people, the Indian wars were not over yet.  So he transported, and he killed.  The power burned in him, and it seemed like there was more of it now than there had been.  
The afreeti said his power would grow and then peak.  It was still growing.  He knew he could kill a lot more people than these isolated cases, these ones and twos and threes.  He wanted to take on armies, destroy cities, smash countries.  As the afreeti had promised.  
The true enemy of the Indians was the white majority.  But he would have to kill millions of whites to even up the odds, and he didn’t want to do that.  That made him rather useless to the Indians.  
So he worried about the tribes, and he killed those who killed Indians, and then the game took a dramatic change for the worse.  
He had been travelling to Morocco to read the paper over the internet, using the internet cafes over there as a way of avoiding detection in America.  So one morning in early October, he took a step in his living room and thought, Marrakech internet café.  In a flash he was standing in an alley way in the ancient city of Marrakech, with no one in sight.  He trotted out of the alley and turned the corner to the internet café, and went inside.  There were more people there today than usual.  Mostly it was young women using the computers, but there were a few middle-aged men as well.  The guy who ran the place greeted Brian in good English, and Brian paid him and sat down at a computer.  He went to the Santa Fe New Mexican and started reading it, when something cold was pressed into his neck.  
“Put your hands on your head, now,” said a man’s voice.  
Brian was surprised to the point of shock and put his hands on his head.  
“Turn around,” said the voice, and Brian stood up.  But instead of turning to face whoever it was, he took a step sideways and thought, Home.  
He was suddenly back in his living room, wondering what the hell had just happened.  Somehow the Moroccans had fingered him.  He habitually signed in on the computer in Marrakech, was that how they found him?  They had probably taken his picture while he used the computer.  Those middle-aged guys using the computers were cops.  Did they know who Brian was?  All they had was some pictures.  They knew him at the internet café, they had him looking up the New Mexican.  He had to assume they were working hand in hand with the American authorities.  They had his name, they had his picture.  He had to assume they knew where he lived.  
But they would be surprised by the instantaneous travel.  They wouldn’t know how he did it, but they had seen him disappear right before their eyes.  They would think he had some radical technology.  How could they dream of afreet magic?  
Shit.  Shit.  This was bad.  He had tried to use the computers anonymously in Morocco, but he had to sign in to read the paper.  They had him dead to rights.  He went to the front window of his apartment and looked outside.  All was calm.  The parking lot was full of cars, and there were no FBI agents creeping around.  They must have thought they’d collar him in Morocco, so why have people standing by in America?  
He had to think about this.  What was he going to do now that the game was up?  He was trying to be careful, but he wasn’t a spy or some damned thing.  He didn’t know the ropes.  
It would have been a cinch to torch the cops in Marrakech, but did he want to start doing that, kill his pursuers?  Damn it.  The FBI was going to get his phone information, grill Rachel and Greg and Jenny and his parents.  They’d have him in no time.  Rachel would tell them about his comments on the Los Angeles mess.  He was looking at the death penalty.  
He had to leave Santa Fe.  He had to start stealing money instead of working for it.  He took a step and appeared in front of an ATM in Albuquerque.  He put his card in, and the machine kept the card.  It refused to display his account information.  
They’d frozen his assets.  He had nothing to work with but twenty dollars in his wallet.  
Really, though, this should be no real problem.  He held his hand out and thought about it for an instant, and his card popped out of the machine.  His account information still didn’t display.  He put his hand on the machine and thought, I need a thousand dollars, and the machine spit out the bills.  He put them in his wallet and took a step and was back home.  These were his last minutes in Santa Fe.  If he stayed in his apartment they would surround him and shoot him.  No way could he risk sleeping there again.  
He packed his laptop in its carrying case and packed a backpack with spare clothes.  Now that he was on the run, he already missed the calm stability of his job and his crappy apartment.  The feds would alert all levels of law enforcement.  They’d be watching for him everywhere.  Once the word went out about the instantaneous travel, they’d simply shoot to kill.  No more warnings.  He was going to have to avoid law enforcement.  They’d probably flash his photo coast to coast, on the internet and in the media.  He was going to have to go invisible a lot of the time.  Pay for everything in cash, and drain the ATM machines.  Now that they were after him, he had to get clever and creative.  
The rest of that day disappeared in a haze of walking the streets of Albuquerque, going into art galleries to look at the paintings and sculptures, and eating at cheap restaurants.  As the sun went down, he stood in an alleyway and thought, 
Let me see Rachel’s apartment.
Immediately he stopped seeing the alleyway and saw Rachel’s place.  There were three men in there, wearing jackets that read FBI on the back, and a woman with an FBI jacket as well.  Rachel sat near the phone, looking calm, but he could tell from her expression that she was freaked out.  He looked around the other rooms of her apartment; it was just the five of them.  
Fall asleep, and sleep hard, he thought, and directed this at the FBI agents.  Immediately they collapsed onto the floor.  
Rachel said, “Fuck,” and kept sitting there, apparently not knowing what else to do.  
Brian took a step and thought, Rachel’s apartment, and in a jiffy he stood next to Rachel.  
“What the fuck!” she blurted out, as he gave a low bow.  
“They fingered me,” he said.  
“They came this morning, kept me from going to work,” she said.  “They’ve been asking about you all day long.  Threatened me with prison as an accessory to murder.  What is going on?”  
“I’m the magic man, Rachel.  I told you about the afreeti, in Egypt?”  
“Yeah, your hallucination.”  
“No, the real deal.  It gave me power, and I’ve been using that power to help people.  Tried to help the Indians, but they don’t have a need for me.  But I’m getting an idea about that.  Bigger things.”  
“Did you knock these people out?”  
“Yes,” he said.  “Could have killed them, but what point would that make?”  Though even as he said it, he realized it didn’t matter.  He’d killed a thousand National Guardsmen and cops, what did it matter if he killed a few FBI agents?  
So he stood there as Rachel tried to process this information and mostly failed.  He wondered if he should just kill the agents, send a message that he wasn’t going to be easy prey?  
“So you flew to LA and killed all those people, then came back home, and they tracked the flight information?” she asked.  
He was pleased; she was recovering fast.  “The magic the afreeti gave me lets me do a lot of things.  I can’t tell you about it, they’ll be after you for information.  They’ll want every little detail.  I’m sorry things are so screwed up for you.  They’ll realize you didn’t have anything to do with it pretty soon, and leave you alone.  They won’t get me, I’m pretty sure of that.  Stay frosty, Rachel.  I’ll send you emails from time to time to let you know what I’m up to.”  
“You can’t go home, can you?” 
“No.  They’d just raid the apartment while I’m asleep.  I have to find a safe place to crash.  But it doesn’t matter.  I’m going to help the Indians anyway.  Just not in America.  Take care of yourself, and cooperate with these clowns.  Give me a hug.”  
She stood up and gave him a clumsy hug, and he kissed her on the cheek.  He thought, Let me see Greg and Jenny’s place.  There were four FBI agents in their house.  Jenny was serving up a meal to Greg and Jacqueline, as the agents camped out in the living room.  Brian gave it a thought, and the agents crumpled to the ground, fast asleep.  He took a step and appeared in their living room.  Greg saw him from the kitchen and said, 
“They’re on to you, old man.”  
“Yeah.  They’re all over today.  I just came to say my goodbyes.”  
“Are you a bad guy now, Uncle Brian?” asked Jacqueline.  
“I’ll always love you, all three of you,” Brian said, walking into the kitchen and giving the little girl a big hug.  
“Lots of questions, and a bad mood,” said Greg.  
“That mood will get worse when I give them the slip,” said Brian.  
“How do you do it?” asked Greg.  
“That afreeti was the real deal.  It gave me real power, and I’ve been using it.  I guess I’m on the run now.  See you on the news.”  
“All those National Guardsmen,” said Jenny.  “Why?”  
“To help out the blacks.  They’ve gotten stomped on for a long time, and I did some stomping in return.”  
“I think you shouldn’t come back here,” she said.  
“I’ll miss all of you,” he said.  
“Good-bye,” said Jacqueline, and Brian felt physical pain in his chest, as he took a step and thought, Vancouver, any two star hotel.
And he was there, outside a little hotel.  It was cool out, almost cold, and raining.  He went inside and got a room under a false name.  He took the key and went to the small but clean room.  He moved a chest of drawers to block the door and took off the backpack and set down the laptop.  Quick shower, and to bed for what he hoped would be a good night’s sleep.  
The next morning he dressed and moved the chest of drawers back into its proper place.  Downstairs for a free continental breakfast, and check out.  It was time to do something big for the Indians.  Real big.  North American Indians didn’t want his help, but there were indigenous people across the planet who needed aid.  Time to do something for some of them.  






PAKISTAN, OR, LOOK AT ALL THE FUN TOYS!


He went along the street in Vancouver until he found an alleyway, where he took a step and travelled to Pakistan.  He now stood on a street corner in some third world city, he didn’t know the name of the place.  
It was late at night, and there were few people on the streets.  Everyone he saw was male.  They were all dressed in earth tones, browns and sandy whites and black, and he figured he’d better get with the program or attract unwanted attention.  He took a step and thought, Clothe me like these people.  And viola, his clothes changed to match the local style.  
A man came toward him on the sidewalk and said something to him in a foreign language.  What did people speak in Pakistan?  
I need the gift of tongues, he thought, and he felt his mouth burning.  
“Where is the nearest military base?” he asked the man, who looked startled.  
“What do you want with the military, man?” asked the fellow.  He was middle-aged and had an affable demeanor, but Brian knew this sort of question would attract attention.  
“Never mind,” Brian said, and he took a step and thought, Take me to the capital of Pakistan.  
He appeared at the edge of a big city, with street lights and asphalt and vague houses half-obscured by the gloom.  He needed military equipment for the Indians, and he figured he’d rip it off from Pakistan.  It would be more entertaining to steal it from the Americans, but he was probably going to have to kill some people, and he’d rather it be foreigners than Americans.  He was regretting his murders of the National Guardsmen and the cops, and he didn’t want a repeat of that action.  
He walked around a while, getting used to Pakistan, and came across an ATM.  He put his hand by the money slot and thought, Give me a thousand dollars’ worth of money.  The machine spat out a wad of foreign bills, and he shoved them into his pocket.  
Take me to attack helicopters, he thought, and he took a step.  
He found himself on a wide plain of asphalt, in the dark.  There were large, bulky objects in all directions, and as he acclimated he realized they were attack helicopters.  They were handsome birds, but their rocket pods weren’t loaded with rockets.  He’d have to load these rockets and transport them to Guatemala, where he had decided to make his stand.  
He reached out and touched the nearest chopper.  This little baby was power personified.  You could rip up some ass with this sucker.  Twenty-five of these could dominate Guatemala.  
But as he stood there he realized, the Indians of Guatemala didn’t have training in attack helicopters.  He could bring them all the toys in the world, and where would they get training?  They needed more basic equipment.  Rifles, grenade launchers, surface-to-air missiles, grenades, artillery, rocket launchers, machine guns, and so forth.  Stuff you didn’t have to be a rocket scientist to use.  Stuff they could practice with for two weeks and master.  
Pakistan.  The land where liberal politicians were assassinated, where women were dominated, where men threw acid in the faces of young women, where tribal fucks carried out honor killings.  This place was a shithole.  No sane person wanted to live in Pakistan.  Their best friends were Taliban, and their leaders were al-Queda sympathizers.  And to make it worse, these losers were nuclear armed.  It was only a matter of time before the Paks got into a nuclear exchange with India.  These morons epitomized the expression “third world.”  They were a loser culture with more problems than resources and social systems that were deliberately Medieval.  He tried to picture his friend Rachel living under these conditions and figured she wouldn’t last long.  She’d be honor killed inside a week.  
This made him feel depressed.  He had to leave Rachel behind.  He had to leave all his friends and family behind.  No calls to loved ones.  The feds would have all those phone lines tapped, and they’d record anything he said.  
One year, the afreeti said.  One year of power.  Fuck.  He didn’t know what to do here in Pakistan.  Was he going to ferry a thousand tons of weapons to the highlands of Guatemala, where the Kakchiquel and Quiche Maya people were warriors and would know what to do with it?  That was the plan he had formed, but now that he was here, this idea felt unsatisfying.  Here, boys, here are some weapons.  Good luck fighting the Guatemalan military; they outgun you, and their training is a thousand times better than yours.  
What did he want to accomplish, a miserable bloodbath?  Guatemala had just come out of a forty year civil war.  Two hundred thousand people had died, and a million were displaced.  The country was fragile, groping its way back to normalcy.  They were hard on women there, too.  
He hoped American women appreciated that they were born into fortunate circumstances.  In eighty percent of the world, women had it pretty bad.  If American conservatives had their way, the United States would join the rest of the world in shitting on women.  
What could he do to the Pakistanis that was worse than what they did to themselves?  They practically invited a hostile response from any thinking person.  Their country went in and out of military dictatorships.  The guys with guns were in control.  No wonder American conservatives wanted to ally with them.  In their eyes, Pakistan was a success of the second amendment.  
Brian hawked deep in his throat, not because he had any phlegm in there but because he felt utterly disgusted.  He spat a glob onto the attack helicopter and decided to simply kill anyone who got in his way here in Pakistan.  It was like killing vicious dogs: you could hardly feel sorry for them.  
Nuclear armed.  He thought about this, teasing at a vague idea that was trying to form in his mind.  It would take the Guatemalan Indians years to take over the country with conventional weapons.  And the Guatemalan military would be on their asses every minute.  The body count would be unbelievable.  Indians would be massacred left and right.  He could foment the war, but he couldn’t ensure its outcome; he didn’t have that long.  That wasn’t what he wanted.  
But, nukes.  That was a game changer.  He walked up and down the rows of attack helicopters, running his hands over the black-painted steel.  Where did the Paks store their nukes?  
He thought, Take me to the Pakistani nuclear arsenal.  He took a step, and he found himself on a cement expanse that looked like double doors set into an asphalt field.  What the hell was this?  There was a cinder block building twenty yards away, with lights in its windows.  A soldier sat inside this, gazing out in Brian’s direction.  He lifted his rifle to his shoulder and shouted something, and something went whip right past Brian’s face.  He had a blast of adrenaline and thought, Jam.
The soldier fired a second shot, and the rifle blew up in his face.  He screamed and fell over.  More soldiers appeared in the window, and a door threw open on one side of the building.  Soldiers poured out of it.  
Brian gave a simple thought, and a wave of force slammed into the building.  The cinder blocks made a loud grinding noise and collapsed on the soldiers.  Two of them were far enough outside that they weren’t hit, and these two put their rifles to their shoulder and began snapping off shots.  Bullets whizzed past Brian.  Shit.  Shit.  They were close, they wouldn’t be spooked for long.  
He made a punching motion with his fist, and force drove into the two soldiers.  Every bone in their bodies was broken, and they fell dead to the ground.  Their rifles fell with them.  
A few minutes went by as Brian simply stood there and breathed, trying to get his shit together.  He knew the soldiers inside had probably hit a button and alerted the military that someone was going after a nuke.  He didn’t have long before reinforcements arrived.  He stepped off the doors and lifted one hand and thought, Open.  
The doors shrieked, and sparks flew from the hinges, and the doors groaned open.  He looked inside.  Goddamnit.  This was a missile silo.  This nuke was a missile.  He had no use for this.  He had no idea where he wanted to hit inside Guatemala.  You needed to plug in coordinates to the missile’s guidance system, and he didn’t have a clue how to do that.  He could probably overpower the missile’s guidance system with his magic, but what was he going to do, ride it all the way to Guatemala?  Fuck.  
He looked around and saw, lights from half a dozen jeeps.  He took a step and thought, Take me to airplane-based nukes.
The next place he appeared was dark.  Pitch black.  There was a sound of water dripping, and he could hear small animals moving around.  This was indoors somewhere, in a silo or a bunker.  Now he was annoyed.  He was probably inside another missile silo.  There was a buzzing sound from farther away, fifty yards off in one direction.  It was muted and soft.  
Invisible, he thought.  He had forgotten to do this before, and the Paks had almost shot him.  Sloppy.  He had to pull his head out of his ass and get with it.  
Light.  
A yellow glow lit the place.  For a few moments his eyes were overcome by light, and he had to close them and open them slowly.  
This was a bunker, a cement housing for twenty long metal cylinders up on blocks on the floor.  It was a big facility, a hundred yards long and ten yards wide.  There were large metal doors across from him.  He stood between two of the cylinders.  
These must be the nukes. He reached out and ran his hand along the closest grey-painted cylinder.  These appeared to be designed to drop out of an airplane.  Up close and personal nuking.  What now?  
A door opened up across the way, at the far end of the bunker.  Five soldiers in body armor appeared.  They were armed with AK-47 rifles and quickly spread out in the bunker, a few yards apart.  They moved quickly, looking between the nukes and across the bunker’s floor.  Brian tensed when they came to his position, but the closest soldier looked his way and then moved on.  The invisibility was working.  
Gift of tongues, he thought next.  
The soldiers shouted out in what sounded like good English to Brian, and he thought for a moment of shouting back, but he managed to keep this thought to himself and not act on it.  There came a gunshot from the far end of the bunker, and one of the soldiers held up a rat the size of a small dog.  The soldiers had a long conversation about this animal, and they figured it was what triggered the motion sensors in the bunker.  They took the dead rat with them when they went back through the door they had come from.    
Brian thought, Disable the motion sensors.  Nothing happened, but he trusted it was done.  He stepped out from between the nukes, to look at the long row of cylinders.  There were more nukes here than he knew what to do with.  
He looked around and saw cameras on the ceiling, the little round kind like you see at a grocery store.  They were probably high-definition.  If he started moving nukes around, the soldiers would see, and next time they would be more cautious.  
Disable the cameras.  
Now the soldiers would be wary.  They would know they were under attack.  What was he supposed to do now?  
He put a hand on the closest nuke, feeling the chill of the steel.  Should he send the nukes to the Guatemalan rain forest, and just pile them up somewhere and then join them when he was done with this raid?  But where to send them?  He’d never been to Guatemala before, he didn’t know a good place for half a dozen stolen nukes.  
The door opened again, and this time about fifteen soldiers entered the bunker.  He didn’t have time for this.  He gave a moment’s thought, and the soldiers erupted with flame and were rendered into pillars of ash.  
This was going to be like the missile silo.  If these soldiers didn’t report back to a central location within a few minutes, more soldiers would come to see what was going on.  
Think!  What was he going to do with these nukes?  He didn’t want to send them off to Guatemala without him.  Did he have the power to move several of them at the same time?  And what would he do once he got to Guatemala?  How would he distribute them?  
Suddenly he thought of Alice in Wonderland, which he had read to Jacqueline a few months ago.  Alice took a potion which made her big, then another which made her small.  
Small.  
He put his hand on the closest nuke and thought, Miniaturize.  
The nuke shrank down to the size of a hot dog.  There were cargo pockets in his pants, and he dropped the nuke into one of these.  Then he walked along the row of nukes, shrinking five more of them and dropping them in his pockets.  
Good thinking, dude!  
More soldiers rushed through the door and found their colleagues in ash.  They crouched down and looked under the nukes, to see the whole room at once, but Brian was still invisible.  The soldiers ran through the bunker, and Brian thought, Taliban headquarters in Northern Pakistan.  
He was in a room in an adobe building, near the door.  The room was full of sleeping men.  Was this the Taliban leadership?  
This is too close, thought Brian.  Move me to a mountain overlooking this place.  He took a step and appeared on a freezing cold mountaintop.  There was snow all around him, but he was standing on a rocky outcrop.  It was pitch black, and the feeble moonlight barely lit up his surroundings.  
Protect me from the cold.  Immediately he was warm, and the freezing wind felt like a refreshing spring breeze.  
Give me camping gear.  A backpack appeared on the ground, and he rooted through it to find a tent, a sleeping bag, a couple bottles of water and some food.  He hadn’t eaten or drunk anything in a while, and he helped himself to the food and water.  Then he set up the tent and dropped the sleeping bag inside it.  He was itching to test a nuke, make sure his magic could overcome the technology.  
He was all pumped up and had a hard time going to sleep.  For hours he tossed and turned, seeing the dying National Guardsmen and cops.  Their screams echoed in his thoughts, and he wondered if he’d ever get over these killings.  Finally he fell asleep.  

When he woke up it was late in the morning, and the sun was reaching for the center of the sky.  He got up and packed up the sleeping bag and the tent and stowed them in the backpack.  It was freezing cold, and he hugged himself and shivered.  Protect me from the cold, he thought, noting that this kind of protection only lasted a few hours.  Immediately he felt warm and comfortable.  He ate some more, until he felt satisfied, and thawed out the water and drank.  
Far below him, miles away, were tiny adobe buildings.  This was tribal country, north Pakistan.  These were the people who helped the Taliban wage war on Afghanistan.  There were maybe two or three hundred buildings down there, a good-sized village.  
Point out the Taliban headquarters, he thought, and one of the buildings in the valley seemed to stand out more clearly than the rest.  
Show me where the Taliban soldiers are quartered.  A hundred buildings stood out sharply, all around the headquarters building.  
Are there innocent people here, not affiliated with the Taliban?  More buildings stood out.  
Move the innocent people twenty miles away, to other villages.  
He didn’t see anything happen, but he was sure the people were gone.  They could get help from their fellow tribal people in the next village.  He wondered how many people he had displaced.  How powerful was he?  
He reached into his cargo pocket and pulled out a miniaturized nuke.  Move me outside the nuke’s area of effect.  He took a step and was standing on top of a much lower mountain without snow on it.  He could see for miles but couldn’t make out the village.  
Where is the village? he thought.  A rainbow appeared far away, at the far end of the valley below.  He reached into a pocket and took out a miniaturized nuke.  
Full size, he thought, and set the nuke on the ground as it grew to three meters long and a meter in diameter.  It just sat there, looking innocent enough.  He contemplated how best to do this, and commanded, Make me invisible.  He held up his hand and couldn’t see it; he glanced down and couldn’t see his legs or his chest, either.  
Take me and the nuke next to Taliban headquarters.  He put one hand on the nuke and took a step, and suddenly he stood right next to the Taliban headquarters building.  The nuke wasn’t invisible, and it was situated alongside the adobe building where the leadership was located.  
Move me out of the blast area.
He took a step and was back on the low mountaintop.  
Detonate the nuke.  
There was a loud whump of thunder, and a column of fire and smoke and ash roared into the sky.  He felt a hot breeze blow over him, and he thought, Protect me from the fallout, and the warm wind went away.  His power could do small things like this, move him around, detonate the nuke, provide protection from the elements.  But even there he had to renew the power every few hours, because it wouldn’t keep working.  
The column of fire rose miles high, and small pieces of burning cloth and wood fell all around him.  
Take me back to the high mountain, he thought, and he appeared back at the snow-covered mountain.  All the snow was melted and gone, and the valley which had held the village was in flames.  The village was entirely gone.  Taliban fighters:  fried.  Taliban leaders:  dead.  He gave a savage grin and thought, Very good.  I can do this. 
He held his arms up over his head in a victory sign and gave a loud shout.  He sat down and watched the valley burn for a few hours.  Finally the fields and small patches of forest were all burnt out, and it was just charcoal and ash that remained.  
Take me to Taliban headquarters, he thought, and he stood next to a few dozen adobe blocks that had been Taliban headquarters.  He hoped his protection from the fallout was still working.  This place was probably radioactive, so he couldn’t stay long.  He walked around the former village and looked for bodies, but he found only a few charred remnants that might have been people.  
An airplane passed overhead, just a few thousand feet above the valley.  Pakistani military, he supposed, taking a look.  He debated crashing the plane and decided to hell with it, he’d let it go.  Let them see what he’d done.  It didn’t fly near him, but he kept an eye on it until it left the area.  Wouldn’t do for it to fire a missile at him and kill him, now would it?  
He walked farther into the valley, and there were a few houses perched behind hills.  These houses had been knocked down and were full of bloody corpses.  They weren’t burned, but they were covered in blood.  Must had died from the burst of radiation.  
This was what he wanted, to kill the Taliban.  To test his nuke and get used to what they could do.  He debated going back to the bunker and getting another nuke and dropping it on Peshawar, where there were tons of Taliban, but this would kill an awful lot of innocent people.  He was pretty sure he couldn’t transport hundreds of thousands of people out of harm’s way.  
Did the U.S. have a satellite above this valley?  Would they be able to see him?  He looked up into the sky and thought, Make me visible.  Then he waved his arms over his head.  Fuck the Taliban.  Fuck Pakistan.  He jiggled the nukes in his pocket and heard them clink into one another.  He had five nukes left, and he finally had a plan of action for Guatemala.  But he wanted to take a break first, get used to the new abilities.  He thought, Take me to an empty valley in these mountains, and he took a step and came out in a warm valley that was grown with thick forest. 
He looked around for a few minutes, then he pitched his tent and put the sleeping bag inside.  It was past lunch time, and he was out of food.  Take me to the capital, he thought.  To a grocery store.  He took a step and appeared in the frozen foods section of a grocery store.  There was no one close to him, and he thought, Gift of tongues.
Immediately he could hear women telling their kids to behave, and kids ask for candy or ice cream, and an exasperated mom telling a little boy she was going to tell the boy’s father that he wouldn’t listen.  Brian walked around the store until he found an unused shopping cart and filled this up.  Thanks to the gift of tongues he could read the packaging, so he picked out meat, canned fruits, canned vegetables, and other goodies until he had a dozen days’ worth of food.  Then he went to the front of the store and checked out, using the money he had taken from the ATM a while back.  
The woman at the checkout register looked at him strangely for a  moment, even though the gift of tongues allowed him to speak the language.  She recognizes me, he thought.  Christ, they must be putting my image on the airwaves across the planet, hoping some asshole sees me and reports me.  They want to track my movements.  Hope they liked nuking the Taliban!  Now they’ll know who stole their nukes.  
He smiled at the woman and paid her, and then he took the bags and walked outside into a large parking lot.  Back to the camp site.  Immediately he appeared in the forest again, right at the tent.  He put the food in the tent and ate lunch.  This was not good.  It must be Interpol, putting his image on the air.  That woman in the supermarket knew him.  She would be on her cell phone right now, calling the authorities.  Would they send a plane over this valley, with infrared or some such thing, to spy him out?  
He took a step and thought, Bookstore in Peshawar and was instantly in the back aisle of a small bookstore.  The books were in a foreign language, but there was a small section in English.  One of these books was a collection of folk tales, and he picked it up and took it to the front of the store and paid for it.  A middle aged man stood behind the counter, and he looked at Brian in outright terror for a moment, until he realized Brian just wanted to buy a book.  Here was another one who knew who he was.  
He left the bookstore with the book and walked around Peshawar for a few minutes, taking in the strange look of the foreign city.  He couldn’t remember if Peshawar was the biggest city in this part of Pakistan or if there was a bigger city not far away.  The Taliban supposedly had a presence here, and he thought he remembered something about al-Queda linkages here.  He considered hunting these people down and killing them, but that seemed like a lot of work.  It was more fun to nuke a village.  
He took a step into a side alley and thought, Back to the camp site.  He was there in an instant, standing next to his tent.  He took a hit of soda from a large plastic bottle.  It was all right, not quite sweet enough for his American tastes, but palatable.  
The sky was blocked out by trees, and he figured it would be hard for the Pakistani military to find him here on the forest floor.  His tent was awfully small, and it was under dense foliage.  Did Pakistan have satellites they could use to hunt for him?  Hell, if they couldn’t find the village full of Taliban, how could they find one guy?  
So he sat down and began reading folk tales, chuckling at the funny ones and scratching his head at the ones that seemed of an odd mindset.  He didn’t read for long.  Images of burning National Guardsmen began flickering through his head, and dying cops, and he saw the flash and heard the roar of the nuke going off and incinerating the Taliban leadership.  Soon he could not read any more, and so he simply walked around in the forest, looking for animals but figuring he was making too much noise to see any wildlife.  There were birds, though, lots of birds, and these squawked and screeched and scolded.  
He walked for several hours, not really paying attention to where he went.  At one point he found a stream, and he followed along this for a while but still didn’t come across any animals.  The violent imagery filled his mind, so that he could hardly see the forest around him.  It was all the stink of burning flesh and the screams of the dying.  He saw a row of silent figures who he guessed were Taliban leaders; must he even feel guilt over these?  Or was it sorrow?  
Eventually the screeching of the dying men was a roar in his mind, and he fell to the ground and curled up in a fetal position.  He stayed there, hearing death, until it grew dark and wild dogs or wolves howled in the distance.  He wondered where the hell he was.  He stood up and stumbled along, then thought himself back to his camp site.  He cooked up some dinner with a small campfire and ate voraciously as the cops burst into flames and fell to ash in his mind.  
Power.  Power to kill.  Power to blow shit up.  Power to terrorize an entire world.  But the afreeti hadn’t said anything about side effects.  It hadn’t said anything about the screaming people, or the ashes, or the crushing feeling that he had strayed too far from himself.  The power, for its part, pushed on him, urging him to kill.  
Find more Taliban and torch them.  Find al-Queda and do something horrifying to them.  Get creative, Brian.  Use some imagination.  
He forced his mind to discipline.  How were his parents doing?  How was Rachel?  How was Jacqueline and her parents?  His people were far away now, probably in custody of the FBI.  Or maybe the FBI got all the information they had and cut them loose.  
He had a flashlight among the gear in his backpack, but he didn’t want to use it and attract attention.  He took off his clothes and dropped them on top of the canned goods, zipped up the tent, and climbed into the sleeping bag.  It had been a long day.  The last thing he saw before sleep overtook him was Jacqueline’s face, bursting out with fire, turning to ash.  
His dreams were nightmares of burning flesh and high-pitched cries and stunned news anchors discussing the carnage.  There were the little deaths, of teens who had killed Indians, and the Albuquerque cop, and the two punks.  All his dead paraded through his mind, shaking accusing fingers and speaking their names, pulled right out of the news.  He tossed and turned and groaned in his sleep, but the visions of murder stayed on him all through the night and into the next day, ending with the rising mushroom cloud that had destroyed the Taliban leaders and their fighters.  
	





GUATEMALA, OR, AN INDIAN NATION


He stayed in the forest for weeks, then a month, then six weeks.  The visions stayed on him, hounding him day and night, and he found himself in the early mornings sneaking in a little reading of folktales, then fighting the noise in his head the rest of the day.  Exhaustion crept over him, and he roamed the forest and then used his power to transport back to his tent.  
During this time he saw things.  There was an attack helicopter flying over his tent one morning, but when he blinked it wasn’t there.  On another morning he saw the Egyptian man he had killed so long ago, sitting in a clearing in the forest.  He was stunned that the man had come back to life, and he started to talk to him, but the man fell to the ground and then faded away.  Just another hallucination.  There were eight or ten of these illusions, including one unicorn that lowered its horn and charged him head-on.  He screamed and turned to run, and the unicorn was gone.  
Every ten days or so he would go to a supermarket, or sometimes an outdoor bazaar, and stock up with food.  Everyone knew him.  The people in the aisles of the supermarkets knew him, and the checkout women knew him, and when he reappeared in the bookstore in Peshawar, the guy clearly knew him there as well.  His money lasted all this time; he had taken a large amount out of the ATM, and his needs were pretty simple.  Sometimes he had ice cream for a treat.  He had a pump among his gear, to pump water out of streams into his water bottle; the pump purified the water through a filter so he wouldn’t catch some exotic disease from the water.  
He wept a lot.  Tears began falling from his eyes as the visions intensified and the howls grew louder, and he was right up in the eyes of the dying people, watching the look of horror cross their faces as their bodies burst aflame.  Was this mental illness, or PTSD from all the killings?  Was it a backlash from the power, or was it his own troubled mind that was causing these terrible visions?  
One day he went to an internet café in Egypt and got on the world wide web and looked for news from back home.  He decided to plug in Rachel’s name, and an article came up.  He scanned the headline and let out a great cry at the words:  
National Guardsmen Kill Friend of Liberal Terrorist 
He looked around and saw the entire café, fifteen or twenty people, staring at him, and he nodded and looked back at the computer screen.  They knew him.  All of them.  Several people got out their cell phones to make calls, and he knew without using the gift of tongues that they were summoning the authorities.  
So, swiftly he read the article.  The FBI had questioned Rachel and let her go, and someone had posted a document to the web with her name and address, and the names and addresses of his parents and Jacqueline and her parents.  A few days later a couple of drunk National Guardsmen had driven from Phoenix to Santa Fe and looked Rachel up.  They broke down the door of her apartment and shot her in the head.  One of the Guardsmen was drunker than the others and called the police, who came in force.  
“This is revenge for our guys,” one of the Guardsmen told the police.  “There will be more of this.”  There had been five soldiers in on the killing; two of them were still at large.  
The FBI had moved some of their guys to protect Brian’s other friends, and they were waiting for the other two men to show up.  

 Brian paid the guy in the café and ran out onto the sidewalk and into an alleyway.  Moments later he was in his tent, wailing like a lunatic.  Rachel was his best friend, she had been with him for years.  They had history.  He had fully expected to grow old with her as his friend and to see him off to the afterlife if he went first.  The little dribbles of tears that the visions wrenched out of him turned to streams of weeping, and he cried out his loss amongst the birdcalls of the forest.  
He lost himself for days.  He ended up in the weirdest places, on the top of snow-covered mountains or alongside roaring rivers, or skidding down the sides of mountains on loose scree.  He remembered Rachel teasing him about some girl he had dated, and he gave her a hard time over a string of losers she had gone out with.  He remembered her laughter most of all, and it rang in his head alongside the shrieks of the dying.  It felt like coming undone; his whole life was a long, sick joke with Rachel’s death as the punchline.  
He knew it was early in December; he didn’t know exactly what day it was.  He finished reading the folk tales during his few hours of clarity. Rachel was gone, and he had already tried raising the dead.  He didn’t have the strength.  It was time to move on.  He packed up the tent and put everything in the backpack.  The nukes clinked in his cargo pockets as he moved around.  Now he was going to show the world what he was really capable of.  This was a test of his commitment to the Indians.  The North American Indians didn’t want him, but there were bigger fish to fry than those poor, broken tribes.  It was time to head to somewhere where the Indians remembered their time of power, and were ready for more.  
He waited until late at night, just sitting there with the visions blasting away in his head and the power shoving his guts around, screaming for more murders.  There was a big time difference between Guatemala and Pakistan.  Then his watch indicated it was time, and he forced himself to his feet and took a step and thought,
Take me to a mountain overlooking Guatemala City.  
More mountains.  He was tired of mountains, but he appeared now on top of a snowy peak, in mid-morning.  The light was crisp and clear, and he smelled car exhaust.  He thought, protect me from the cold, and he was warm.  He looked down the mountainside into the valley where Guatemala City spread out in all directions.  
Move the Indians in Guatemala City back to their tribes, he thought, and he felt power move within him but didn’t see anything happen.  He had no idea how many people he could move at a time.  There was no tingling or feeling of heat or any of that.  How many Indians lived in Guatemala City?  There had to be tens of thousands of them.  Could he move so many people in one pass?  
He thought, highlight the Indians in Guatemala City.  A moment later, tiny specks of red light shimmered throughout the city.  As he’d suspected, he couldn’t move them all at once.  So for the next half hour he moved the Indians back to their tribes.  The red lights disappeared, and eventually there were no more.  He was satisfied that he had done his best.  Time to kick some ass.  
“Pay attention, bitches,” he said.  He reached into a cargo pocket and pulled a miniature nuke out into his hand.  Grow, he thought, and the nuke grew to its normal size.  He thought, Take me and this nuke to city center.  He and the bomb appeared on a side street off a large park lush with trees and bushes.  Take me back to the mountaintop, he thought, and there he was.  For two full minutes he just breathed the smoggy air, rancid with the smell of burning wood fires.  
Protect me from the nuke, he thought, and he had to trust that the power was shielding him.  
“Detonate the nuke,” he said aloud, and there was a flash of blinding light from the center of the city.  A shockwave washed over the skyscrapers at city center, shattering them, and the smaller buildings disintegrated.  Fire washed up the sides of the mountains, stopping just a few hundred meters below Brian.  Smoke and ash flowed upward into a huge mushroom cloud.  Guatemala City was too big to be felled by one small nuke, but the city center was gone, and fire eagerly ate the rest of the city, where desperate firefighters rang their sirens and fought to save what they could.  
Brian sat down and drew his knees up to his chin, and he screamed from time to time as he thought of Rachel dying all alone, without him there to equalize things.  But there were no more tears, not for the people he had killed or for Rachel, either.  He was out of tears.  Guatemala was going to pay for all of it, for the visions and the pain and the losses and the misery that had become his life.  
The political center of Guatemala was gone.  The politicians had been eaten alive by the nuke, and the military installations in the city were history.  But everything else was gone, too.  The banking center, the art galleries, water purification plants, the food processing centers, the museums and the churches and the asylums for the mentally ill.  It was all gone.  
Brian sat there for hours, watching the flames spread and consume the rest of the city.  Guatemala City was where the whites lived.  The Indians held the countryside.  News of the death of Guatemala City would reach the Indians pretty quickly.  
But they wouldn’t be in a position to act just yet.  The different political zones in Guatemala had military bases plunked down in their midst, to keep the Indians under heel.  Fortunately, Brian had plenty of nukes, and he knew where to get more if he needed them.  
A military helicopter flew rapidly toward him, and he thought, Take me to the largest intact military base in Guatemala.  He took a step, and the spectacle of the burning valley was replaced by a bunch of low, square buildings that looked like barracks.  There was an airfield a few hundred yards away.  He had appeared next to what appeared to be a cafeteria, and he pulled a miniature nuke out of his cargo pocket and thought, Grow to full size.  The nuke grew, and Brian left it sitting right there, where any casual onlooker could see it.  This wasn’t going to take long.  
He took a few steps and thought, Take me beyond the blast area, and he suddenly stood on top of a little hill in a pine forest.  
Protect me from the nuke, he thought.  
“Detonate the nuke,” he said, and far off in the distance was a bellowing roar.  There was a thunderous blast of wind, and the trees bent at crazy angles as the wind sundered them.  Right now he was being subjected to radiation, and heat, and three hundred mile an hour winds.  The magical protection buffered him against all that.  
A mushroom cloud rose up over the jungle, glowing bright yellow and dull red, and he hung loose for a half hour, until the cloud had risen into the upper air and dissipated.  
Take me to the ruins of the military base, he thought, and there he was, standing on flat land that was charred black.  There were no buildings, there were no soldiers, there was nothing but burning pine trees.  Everywhere Brian went, fire.  
He walked around for a few minutes, a thousand meters this way and a thousand meters that way, and there was virtually nothing left.  He stood on an asphalt airstrip, all bubbled and buckled, and a few melted wrecks that had been airplanes.  He wondered if there were patrols, jeep patrols or foot patrols, that had been doing the rounds off-base, and what they would think when they got back to where the base was supposed to be.  He guessed they were fucked, and that was okay with him.  
Take me to the next largest military base in Guatemala, he thought, and in a second he stood in a motor pool, with dozens of jeeps and Humvees parked in orderly rows.  He had just started to look around at the buildings here, which were taller than at the last base, when someone began shouting at him in Spanish.  
He gazed at the source of the noise and saw a kid, maybe eighteen years old, pointing an assault rifle at him and shouting in Spanish.  This was no good, the kid was jumpy, and he might shoot Brian at any second.  He put his hands up over his head and thought, Teleport somewhere else on this base.  In an instant he stood behind a large building whose use he couldn’t guess.  There were no people here.  
He pulled a nuke out of his pocket and thought, Grow.  It expanded to full size and sank six inches into the mud.  Apparently there had been rain, and the ground was soggy.  
He did it like he had done the other nukes, transport outside the blast zone and protect himself from the nuke’s power.  Then he said, “Detonate,” and the nuke went off.  The base disintegrated.  A puffball mushroom cloud blew up, and that was the end of another military base.  
The final two nukes went the same way, and it was early in the afternoon when Brian’s cargo pockets were empty and Guatemala City and the largest four military bases in the country were toast.  The Quiche Maya and the Kaqchikel Maya would rise up now and wipe out the rest of the Europeans in Guatemala, and the country would be the world’s first Indian nation.  But this wouldn’t be easy.  He would need to help them find their way.  
He returned to the first mountain he had appeared on, the one above Guatemala City, and choked on the toxic smoke rising from the ruins of the city.  His backpack and gear and food were all waiting for him, and he sat down on a bare rock and cooked up a good meal of Pakistani food.  The afternoon wore on, and he set up his tent on the snow and put the sleeping bag in it, and when the sun was down he went to sleep.  
He passed a week in the area of Guatemala City, high enough up the mountain that the wind blew the worst of the smoke away.  He ate up the remainders of his food and transported himself to the market in Chichicastenango, a market town up in the highlands, where he talked to people with the gift of tongues and got the news.  
The Indians were on the move.  The Quiche had attacked a small military base and overrun it and killed everybody within, and they now had jeeps, Humvees, armored personnel carriers, and lots of guns.  They were massing to take on a larger military base that controlled much of the highlands.  Several times while he was talking to people, Indians with guns ran up to him and began shouting orders at him in Spanish; he simply transported these people twenty miles away, and let them walk.  
“I think I’ll help you in your efforts,” Brian told one Indian man, who was heading to join the army of Indians to take over Guatemala.  
“We don’t want help from whites,” the Indian said brusquely, and Brian just laughed. 
“You’ll want my help, when you see what I can do,” he bragged.  
The man just pushed him away and kept going.  Brian ran his fingers through his ragged hair and thought, Take me to the Quiche leadership.  He took a step and found himself standing on a muddy dirt road.  It was raining hard.  A dozen Indians stood in the middle of the road, looking away from Brian.  They were dressed in cowboy clothes, with boots and Western-style shirts, and jeans.  None of them had an umbrella, and they were soaked.  They were all looking at a laminated map that one of them held.   
Gift of tongues, Brian thought, and he cleared his throat.  
The Indians whirled around to look at him and scowled when they saw a white man.  
“Good afternoon, gentlemen,” he said.  “I understand you are the Quiche Mayan leadership.”  
“Go away, white man,” said one of the Indians, a powerfully-built fellow who looked to be around forty years old.  
“I’m the person you have to thank for your current situation,” said Brian.  “I was the one who nuked Guatemala City and the military bases.  I take it there’s another military base at the end of this road?  Maybe I can help you do something about that.”  
The Indians began talking with each other, and the big fellow said, “Any fool can claim to be the one who blew up the Europeans.  Go, before we kill you.”  Some of them held assault rifles, and now these pointed at Brian.  
He gave a thought, and all the rifles turned into bananas.  
“Nice trick, huh?  How exactly are you going to threaten me?” 
The Indians shook their bananas and pointed them at him, and he just laughed.  “Nukes,” he said pointedly.  “But this is a small base at the end of this road.  I don’t need a nuke to blow it up.”  
“We have enough manpower to overrun this base,” said the big Indian.  Brian wasn’t sure if this man was a general or a politico, but either way he seemed to be the group’s spokesman.  
“You have enough manpower, but you’ll lose men taking it down,” Brian said.  “Would you rather have me blow it up, or would you like to lose three hundred guys overrunning it?”  
This caused an intense conversation among the Indians.  Now the big guy didn’t say anything, he just listened to the others.  The talk went on for a good ten minutes, and they didn’t try to hide what they were saying from Brian.  Some of the Indians were clearly in charge of the military effort, and Brian picked up that the big guy was a major Indian politico.  He was the one who actually made the decisions.  His name, to judge from what the others were saying, was Bish Q’ij.  His title was Ajpop, which basically meant hot shot leader.  
“Show us this destruction of yours,” said Bish Q’ij.  
Brian straightened his back and stood there for a moment, then he strode right through the middle of the Indians and headed down the road.  Before he had gone fifty feet he thought, invisible, and he could no longer see his hands or any of the rest of him.  He walked down the road for a long while, maybe twenty minutes, a full mile or so.  Jungle crowded in on both sides of the road, and there were no fresh tire marks or bootprints in the mud.  Brian was wearing tennis shoes, which were now a soggy, muddy mess.  He didn’t care.  He welcomed the power surging through him, the eagerness to kill.  
The road ended at a large metal gate.  There was a high chain link fence surrounding the base, with concertina wire on top of it, and the gates were closed.  Half a dozen guard towers were visible from where Brian stood, and men crouched in these with rifles pointed at the jungle.  Two men in the nearest tower began talking in Spanish, but it was too low-pitched to tell what they were saying.  
Brian raised his hands over his head and let the power flow.  There was a rush of air away from him, and the mud puddles in the road fluttered with the wind.  He looked up at the two talking men, who now aimed their weapons right at him and began shooting.  Something slammed into his chest, and something bit his right knee.  His leg buckled, and he fell into the mud.  There was a fuck lot of pain exploding from the new wounds.  
Brian thought, bananas, and the two guards were suddenly holding bananas instead of assault rifles.  It was the mud that had given him away.  The two men had seen his footsteps in the mud and figured out that someone invisible was causing it.  Smart fellows.  Too bad they were going to die.  
The power in him lurched and shoved, and voices howled in his ears.  This was part power, part mental illness, part desperation.  He had to tend his wounds.  No telling how serious the shot to his chest was.  His vision blurred, and he brought both hands down in a hard slapping motion.  
The built-up power exploded forth, and the towers and their shooters and the metal gates and the chain link fence all rippled as the force slammed into them.  The towers disintegrated, and the shooters were hurled into the ground and killed.  
The chain link fence tore apart and became a mass of steel projectiles whooshing through the base.  The buildings blew apart, and wind slammed the soldiers into the ground.  
The explosion continued for a full minute, and when it was over Brian had fallen face-first into the mud.  There was a freezing cold sensation in the right side of his chest, and he was so filled with pain that he could hardly move.  He put one hand under his shirt and felt a small round hole on his right breast.  Shit.  Shit.  They had nailed him in the lung.  
He put his hand over the hole and thought, Heal this.  There was immediately a warm flowing sensation in his chest, and he felt heat from his upper back.  The exit wound must be really shitty.  He knelt there in the mud for a long time, willing the healing, and when he was done the hole had closed and no more blood flowed.  His chest was sore.  Actually it hurt like a son-of-a-bitch.  Every little movement caused ripples of pain to shoot through him, but it was a vast improvement over a minute ago.  
This was the best healing he could arrange?  He was supposed to be nearing the height of his power now, was this all the healing he could do?  He supposed this was good enough, even if he was going to be in pain for a week or two.  Now, the knee.  He put his palm over his bloody knee and gave a thought, and warmth surged through him.  It took a minute, minute and a half, and this time it hurt as the knee healed up.  There were sharp stabbing pains, and he supposed his knee was more delicate than his chest, and that’s why it hurt so much.  His face contorted in pain, and the voices filled his head with urgings to kill more people, wipe out another base, kill Bish Q’ij and the other Indian leaders, kill some Republicans, kill everyone.  
By the time he had finished healing his knee, he realized the left side of his face was also hurting a good deal, and he put his hand onto his face and found it full of blood.  One of the shooters had sent a bullet right alongside his face.  Another inch to the right, and it would have been curtains.  He thought, heal my face, and there was warmth again.  The pain turned into a dull throbbing.  
Then there was pain in his upper left thigh, and he healed this, and he healed a shot to his right foot, and there was a shot to his right hip as well.  This last was just a graze, but he healed it up anyway.  
This had been closer than he had ever come to dying.  But that danger was over with.  He walked into the shattered base and stumbled around the place, seeing the melted vehicles and dead men everywhere.  There were blackened foundations from buildings, and piles of burnt wood, and more dead bodies.  He walked up to a couple of corpses and stared at them.  They were Indians, not whites.  The Guatemalan military pitted Indians against Indians of other tribes.  Must be they put lowland tribes in the mountains and highland tribes in the lowlands.  He knew from his reading that the various tribes of Guatemala didn’t get along.  They competed with each other even now, after the country was wiped out.  He’d bet good money all those leaders back there on the road were Quiche.  No Kaqchikels or Mams or Achi wanted or allowed.  The tribes would duke it out for who ruled what was left of Guatemala and decide which tribe would serve who in the new pecking order.  
Brian felt sad at this, that old tribal rivalries from fucking five hundred years ago were still alive today.  That Indian tribes that had been stomped on for centuries were finally free, and the first thing they did was stomp on other Indians.  And he was right in there with them, killing the minority Indians in order to assist the Quiche, who were Guatemala’s largest tribe.  
As he started back down the muddy road, he came across Bish Q’ij and the Quiche leadership, who were walking down the road and grumbling about the mud.  Behind them came an armored personnel carrier, with a man standing halfway out of the vehicle, behind a heavy-duty machine gun mounted on the roof.  Brian turned visible again, startling the Indians.  
“We heard the roar,” said one of the generals.  
Brian nodded.  “Everyone is dead, and everything is trashed.”  
One of the low-ranking politicos said, “That’s too bad.  We wanted to capture the vehicles and weapons.  We’ve got a thousand men behind us.  Let them search the wreckage.”  
Bish Q’ij looked at the bloody marks on Brian’s clothes and said, “You seem to be wounded.”  
“Not a problem, for me,” he boasted, and he thought, Clean my clothes.  And viola, all the blood and mud and water fell out of his clothes into the road, and he was spotless.  There were holes here and there from the bullets, and Bish Q’ij’s eyes narrowed as he looked at these, but he didn’t say anything else.  
The Quiche led the way onto the base, and ten minutes later platoons of armed Indians swept over the area.  The leaders explored the ruins and saw the burnt-out Humvees and half-melted armored personnel carriers, and someone found the ruins of the armory and began looting those machine guns that were still in working order.  
They stayed at the base for several hours.  Brian stuck with the leaders, but they didn’t talk much with him.  Mostly they wanted to know how he had done it.  He told them he was gifted with powerful magic, and they made annoyed faces but didn’t press.  
“This is no good,” said Bish Q’ij.  “Yes, you took down the base, but there’s nothing left for us to occupy.  The goal is to clean out the soldiers and then occupy the base ourselves.  Capture the vehicles and the guns and the rocket launchers and all the rest of it.  This kind of help is no good to us.  Our men will appreciate that no one died to take over this place, but strategically, this is bad for us.  We need these bases.”  
“I see,” said Brian, stroking his chin with one hand.  “I can try to wipe out these bases with poison winds.  I haven’t tried that yet.  Let me accompany you, and we can take over Guatemala together.”  
There was an immediate murmur of negatives from the other leaders, but Bish Q’ij said, “Guatemala is not that big, but there will be a dozen surviving bases spread across the country.  We don’t want to lose men.  If you can kill our enemies without wrecking the bases, we can use you.”  
“I’ll be glad to do so,” said Brian.  
After that he hung loose near Bish Q’ij, who was clearly the only one who wanted him around.  A few Indians came and cooked up a meal for the leadership, and the big man said a few words that got Brian fed as well.  Now that the action was over with, the voices returned and hounded him, and all the wounds he had received when destroying the base hurt like hell.  He kept seeing Rachel sitting in a chair at the café, talking about the piano player.  It was everything he could do not to weep all over again, and he wondered how Greg and Jenny and Jacqueline were doing, and his parents.  

He stayed with the Quiche for six weeks, into early February.  Mostly he helped them take over the remaining military bases, though a few times they came upon armed encampments of whites, which Brian simply wiped out.  With the military bases he was able to create thick clouds of poison gas which he settled over the bases, and the soldiers died of poison.  As Brian and the Indians left the highlands behind and entered the lowlands, their reputation preceded them.  Commanding officers surrendered their bases without a fight, and Bish Q’ij took the Indians prisoner and had the whites transported to the border with Mexico, where they were warned never to return.  
In six short weeks the Quiche took over all of Guatemala, including a number of large towns that were run by whites.  The Quiche installed Indian leadership in the towns and continued their practice of removing whites from the country.  Guatemala was now a collapsed state, and the Indians had a lot of work to do to get it back up to speed.  
There was one close call, and that was at a small military base in the lowland swamps of the Peten, the northern part of Guatemala.  Brian was there to take over the base and kill everyone in it.  He was in a jeep with one of the Quiche generals, and there were two hundred fifty Quiche Maya Indians who were going to man the base once Brian had cleaned it out.  
The jeep containing Brian and the general and their driver drove toward the base and then stopped about a kilometer away.  
“Go, wipe them out,” said the general, and Brian got out of the jeep and walked down the road.  He thought, Let me see the base, and his vision changed to show him the barracks and chow hall and armory.  There were no people there, not anywhere.  He sent his vision inside the buildings and up the guard towers, and there wasn’t a soul anywhere.  
“Shit,” he grumbled.  This was a first.  Normally they approached the base, and the commanding officer sent out a messenger to hand over the base to the Quiche.  If these guys had abandoned their base, they probably left a lot of booby-traps behind.  That would include land mines.  
He raised his fists over his head and brought them down in a rush of energy, pounding hundred mile an hour winds onto the road all the way up to the base.  There were dozens of explosions as land mines in the road detonated.  
This time Brian sent his vision inside all the buildings, and under them, and that’s where he found it, a large bomb hidden under a barracks building.  It didn’t matter if the weapon was a one-ton conventional bomb or a small nuke.  If he came much closer to the base, it was doubtlessly rigged to explode and take him out.    
“Son of a bitch,” he groused.  Someone was trying to kill him with a big old bomb.  Return this weapon to where it came from, and detonate it.  The bomb disappeared, and he wondered which American military base just got blown up.  Let that be a lesson to the people who planned this booby-trap, not to try that bullshit again in the future.  
Normally Brian didn’t like having people in charge of him, but his relationship with Bish Q’ij was more one of equals who respected each other.  The big Indian gave Brian orders, and Brian carried them out, but when he was helping Indians it didn’t feel like he was working for The Man.  It felt more like a partnership.  So he wiped out military bases and secured the country for Bish, and in return he was part of the man’s inner circle and knew everything that was going on in Guatemala.  
Just a few weeks after Brian dealt with the bomb, American reporters came into the country via Mexico.  They wanted to speak with whoever was in charge.  Bish Q’ij encouraged the reporters to talk with Brian.  None of the reporters seemed terribly surprised to see him.  They wanted to know, primarily, if Brian was setting himself up as President or King of Guatemala.  He told them that the Quiche were now the leaders of Guatemala, and he was merely assisting in the takeover.  
“Are you going to attack the United States in the same way you’ve attacked Guatemala?” asked one reporter, who seemed disgusted just talking to Brian.  “Everyone assumes you plundered Pakistani nukes to attack Guatemala.”  
“I will be coming back to America soon,” Brian said.  “There are some changes which I will be overseeing in the American economy.  You’ve seen what I have done here.  This is just a test run for what I am going to do in America.  However, you are my people, and I’d prefer not to wipe you out entirely.  Give me what I want, and I’ll probably let you live in peace.”  
The disgusted reporter made a happy face for a second, then this disappeared.  “Did you know that your friends Greg and Jennifer and their daughter are dead?  Someone car bombed them, right under the eyes of the FBI.  Your parents are receiving death threats.”  
“Oops,” Brian said.  He felt a burst of something like pain in his heart, and suddenly his body weighed a million tons.  “I’m sorry to hear people are attacking my friends.  Sounds like America needs its ass whooped.  Not acting like gentlemen.”  
“Do you think you’re acting like a gentleman, here in Guatemala, killing millions of people and destroying the entire national infrastructure?”  This from a pretty lady reporter.  
“I think the white Guatemalans have hounded the Indians for five centuries,” said Brian, and for a moment the depression lifted, and he felt his deepest core values rising.  “I think the white minority has slaughtered Indians and shit on Indians, and now I’m returning the favor.  The Indians now control Guatemala.  I will assist them as they get the country’s new system in place.  America has helped the whites here murder Indians, and I don’t approve.  When I say I don’t approve, that means someone is going to get their fucking ass kicked.  Time for a full-scale demonstration on American soil, show you just what I can do.  Be ready for it, it’s coming soon.  My time in Guatemala is almost over.”  
The reporters had a thousand questions, and Brian blew them off.  Bish Q’ij wasn’t used to reporters, but he was making progress, in Brian’s opinion.  The Indian leader told the reporters that infrastructure came first, hand in hand with stabilizing the economy.  The Quiche were taking over the entire country, and anyone who attacked Guatemala during this delicate transition period would be blown away.  He pointed at Brian when he said that, and Brian raised one hand up in a fist.  The reporters took plenty of pictures.  
Then the reporters weren’t allowed any more interviews, and Indians turned them back at the borders.  It was February 7th, the anniversary of the start of Brian’s mental illness.  On this date he said his good-byes to the Quiche leaders.  Only Bish Q’ij shook his hand.  The big man said he’d put out a distress call with the reporters if he needed Brian to come back, and the two men parted on good terms.  
It was time to murder some assholes in America.     




ONE FOR WOmEN


Coming back to America brought a roar of power in Brian’s guts and a rush of visions in his mind.  He saw his goddaughter Jacqueline, playing with an Elsa doll, and it slammed into him that he was never going to attend her high school graduation, or talk to her about her classes in college, or tease her about boyfriends, or see her married.  All that had been blown away with a single car bomb.  
The FBI had no shortage of suspects, including elements of the Guatemalan government who had survived the nukes and had been threatening revenge on Brian for weeks.  The Pakistani government was also pissed at him, and they might have been the ones to plant the bomb.  Or it could have been more National Guardsmen, taking revenge for Los Angeles.   
The Americans thought he had been playing rough before?  He had plans for good old America, big plans to go along with the peaking of his power.  He had two months of pure juice left in him.  He figured he would be at the height of his strength, then it would drop off, as the afreeti had said.  He had thirty days to carry out his final moves in this power play.  Enough foreign adventuring; it was time to bring it home.  

He stayed in the Washington, D.C. area for a few days, posing as a homeless man, giving a false name in the homeless shelters and eating in soup kitchens.  During his time abroad, his hair had grown long and shaggy, and he went to an ATM in New York City and withdrew a thousand bucks and then got a haircut and styling that was completely different from his old look.  He bought a puffy coat because Washington D.C. was cold in February, and there were six inches of snow on the ground.  He also bought gloves and a cap, and snow boots.  No one seemed to recognize him.  
This time he was planning to mix political and magical power, but not quite yet.  First, he was going to settle an old grudge.  He got up one morning on the eleventh of February and took inventory of where he was at.  The visions in his mind were the same old thing, dead soldiers and dead cops and dead Indian-killers, dead military bases and dead cities and dead Pakistanis and too many mushroom clouds rising over the land.  He saw the faces of his victims, and it occurred to him that he was not Brian Hopper, citizen, any more.  He was Brian Hopper, liberal terrorist.  
This gave him pause, but it didn’t take him long to realize that it was far too late to turn back.  It had been too late when he killed the Egyptian thief.  The power that burned in him had its own rules, and in society that made Brian a terrorist.  He walked along some street in D.C., head down and cap pulled low, not talking with anyone.  He had just had lunch at a soup kitchen, and he was looking for cops following him.  Probably he would just teleport away if there were any, but he might be in a mood to kill some cops, just to say, “Welcome home.”    
He found that cops hung out by the homeless shelters and soup kitchens, looking for fugitives from justice and other miscreants who hid from the law among the homeless.  He had been followed a few times himself, but he could walk damned fast when he needed to, and he had left the cops behind both times.  
He had long since run out of the pills that controlled his mental illness, and the voices and visions and delusions and paranoia ran rampant through his mind.  He was currently manic, and he would probably stay manic for several months; then he would become depressive, and that would suck.  But that would be after his power ran out, so who cared?  
He trudged down the sidewalk and took a few steps onto a deserted street.  Today was a special day.  Today was payback for old sins.  It was Friday, and his target would be full of personnel.  He thought, Take me to CIA headquarters, outside the front entrance.  The power shifted in his guts, and the world changed, and just like that he was now standing outside a large building.  It didn’t look particularly impressive.  Here was the good old CIA, which had crashed Guatemala in 1954 and caused the country to spiral into forty years of civil war.  Hundreds of thousands of Indians had been murdered and ‘disappeared,’ and a million Guatemalans had been displaced into Mexico and the United States.  
Brian was going to make a statement.  A political statement, about shitting on Indians.  He had been thinking about it, and he had an idea for how to do this right.  For sure there were cameras trained on him right now, and he wanted to leave a record behind of this hit.  
He began walking toward the building, which was about fifty yards away.  As he walked, he thought, Grow me angel’s wings, made of fire.  His back itched, and then he felt the wings grow out of his muscles and blaze with yellow flames.  Damn, it would have been good to have a mirror, to see what he looked like, but no doubt it would be in the media pretty soon.  
The wings spread out behind him, two meters wide on each side, and Brian lifted his fists over his head and walked straight for the front doors of the building.  When he got ten yards away he brought down both fists and threw open his hands.  
A shockwave exploded into the building, shattering the glass windows and sending shrapnel into the structure.  The concrete screamed, and the front of the building buckled and fell in.  The shockwave slammed through the building, front to back, knocking down support pillars and blasting broken glass in hurricane winds throughout the structure.  The central pillars stove in, and the building pancaked into a pile of reinforced concrete and broken glass.  There were hundreds or even thousands of dead people in there, but they were all dead now, and he couldn’t see them.  
He looked around and saw a woman in a smart black suit standing farther out in the parking lot, a briefcase in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other.  He walked over to her, fluffing out his wings to look impressive, and called out:
“That’s for Guatemala in nineteen fifty-four.  GET IT RIGHT next time!”  
She didn’t say anything, just stood there in shock, staring at him.  
He gave a thought and appeared near the Capital building.  He dismissed his wings and thought, Let me see into the capital building.  Show me ALL the shooters.  He closed his eyes, and the inside of the building was revealed.  There were a lot of security forces with guns in there.  Dozens of them.  They were probably looking out for him, after his comments to the reporters in Guatemala.  He thought, Turn their guns into bananas, and some of the men looked uncomfortable and then withdrew bananas from their holsters.  Brian figured this was the time, and he teleported to the House of Representatives.  
There were hundreds of men and women in suits seated in the room, and Brian stood at the podium.  Everyone’s head was down, as if they were in the middle of something.  He tapped the microphone on the podium and said, 
“Brian Hopper here.” The men and women looked up from their chores and gazed at him.  Some of them looked angry, and some of them looked scared, and he thought all of them looked rebellious.  That wasn’t going to last long.  
“What do you want?” said a big, beefy man in a dark gray suit, sitting close to the front of the chamber.  
“Not much,” Brian said into the microphone.  His voice came out nicely amplified and more than loud enough that he was confident that they could all hear him.  “We’re going to vote on a piece of legislation.  This one has to do with equal pay for women.”  
“We voted on that one already,” said a thin, intense-looking man with white hair, near the back of the chamber.  “It was killed.”  
“Yes!” Brian growled.  “We’re voting on it again, and this time it will pass by a landslide.”  
“We don’t make laws that way,” said the beefy guy.  
“You do now,” said Brian.  “I’m not here to ask for much.  Just one piece of legislation.  You WILL pass it.  You WILL implement it.  Then I WILL be on my way.  I have bigger fish to fry.”  
“One of these days you will slip up, and that’ll be the end of you,” said the beefy guy.  He sounded awfully sure of himself.  So much for trying to intimidate these people.  They would accept his power play, but they weren’t going to give him anything.  Whatever he wanted, he would have to take it by threat of force.  This gave him a grudging respect for the leaders of the land, but still, he wasn’t here to fuck around.  Get in, get it done, get out.  
Brian looked hard at the beefy guy and said, “I will run out of power before you manage to kill me,” he said.  “And I will be long gone by the time that happens.”  He waited, but no one had anything else to say.  They looked peeved, and the beefy guy looked belligerent.  Brian could get to like this guy; he had courage.  He wondered if the guy was a Democrat or a Republican.  
It doesn’t matter, said the voice of power within him.  Kill him anyway.  
Brian could see that this was going to be difficult.  He needed to get to business and get out of here before he blew them all away by accident.  
The mentally ill voices burbled and giggled and cackled away in his head, and the voice of the power urged him to murder.  Visions of an explosion blasted through his mind, and he heard screaming.  
“I will return on Tuesday,” he said to the assembly.  “Be ready to vote.  This will only take as long as you make it take.  I am prepared to be in and out of here in half an hour.”  
“And if we vote down your legislation?” asked a middle-aged woman.  
“Then prepare to lose a few cities,” Brian snapped.  “Same goes if you decide to get clever and have a bunch of shooters waiting for me when I return.  If you nail me, congratulations.  If you fail, cities will burn.  May I suggest that the risk isn’t worth it?  This is a relatively minor piece of legislation.  It won’t kill anyone to pass it, but it will kill you to vote it down.  You might think it a good idea to all fly away to your home states and abandon the Congress, as a form of protest, but I can hunt you down one by one and burn you to ash.  Be reasonable, people.  See you Tuesday.”  
There were jeers and yells, and some of the politicos crossed their arms on their chest and looked stubborn.  Brian took a step and appeared somewhere in Washington State, where his backpack awaited.  Washington D.C. was going to be too hot for a while.  Congressional leaders would have the cops running around everywhere, looking for him.  
He teleported into Seattle and bought loads of food and some juice to drink and then went back to his backpack, tucked into a valley high up on Mount Rainier.  He was way off the beaten path.  No one was going to find him out here.  
He sat down on his backpack and pulled out the little gas stove and cooked up ramen noodles for dinner.  He washed it down with juice.  It was damned cold out, but he had the puffy coat and hat and gloves on.  When dinner was over he gave a thought, and the dishes were clean.  
He had not really communicated with the media during his adventures, except in Guatemala.  Americans knew he was killing people, but they didn’t know why he was doing these things.  He teleported to CNN headquarters and got someone’s attention, and twenty minutes later he did an interview where he talked about Guatemala becoming the first Indian nation.  He also told them that he hammered the CIA for their 1954 coup in Guatemala.  
“If I were the American government, I wouldn’t run around killing Indians,” he said.  “Bad for your health.”  
The reporter asked him if he had more targets in mind, and he sat up straight and said he had several major cities in mind for termination if Congress didn’t play ball with him.  
“They’re feeling stubborn, so they might get a lot of people killed,” he said, and made a helpless gesture.  “My hands are tied.  Once I make threats, I follow through on them.  You’ve better get hold of your Congressperson and tell him or her to vote right on equal pay for women.”  
“Your attacks follow a clear liberal agenda,” said the reporter, looking him right in the eye.  “You’ve killed on behalf of blacks, Indians and women.  Is there anything you’d like to say to America, about what you’re doing and why?”  
“The white majority has gotten used to stomping on minorities,” said Brian.  “All I’m doing is equalizing things.  This will continue so long as I have power to keep it up.”  
“Your friend Rachel Shroder said that you received your power from a genie, in Egypt.  That seems beyond belief.  Where did your power really come from?”  
“It really came from a genie,” he said.  Now images of Rachel flowed through his head, and he felt suddenly close to tears.  His friends were all dead, his parents were threatened, he had no one.  It was him and his radical agenda, all alone.  “It was an evil genie, which is why all my power is destructive in nature.  I can’t do helpful magic.  Only violence.  So the killings will continue.”  
“So who is your next target?” asked the reporter.  
“Some people have killed friends of mine.  They’re next.”  
“And after that?  If Congress doesn’t cooperate?”  
Brian smiled.  “End of interview,” he said.  He slid off the chair and teleported back to Mount Rainier.  

The next day was Saturday, and he had work to do.  He killed the National Guardsmen who were responsible for Rachel’s death, then he killed the Guatemalan assassin who had blown up Greg and Jenny and Jacqueline.  He burnt them up.  Fuck ‘em.  
Next he held a piece of blank paper in his hand and said, “Name the person who gave away my friends’ addresses and got them killed.”  Interestingly, nothing happened.  The paper remained blank.  Even stranger, the power didn’t shift and move in him at all.  This task was beyond him.  He blinked, wondering what was up with that.  
He had a few down days, hanging out in Washington State.  It was cold, and he felt sluggish.  His mental illness was roaring in his head, and he lost hours at a time to the voices and the visions and the headaches.  Every time he killed someone, every time he blew up a building or a military base, the cries of the dying joined the visions in his head and tormented him, again and again.  
On Tuesday his alarm clock went off at six in the morning.  He got up and fried some eggs and bacon and ate.  At ten o’clock Eastern time he looked into the Capital building and noticed that all the shooters were confined to the outer parts of the building.  The men and women of the Congress were all in their places, or at least people were sitting in their chairs.  Brian looked and saw the thin, intense guy and the beefy guy with balls.  He thought, Protect me from bullets, the first time he had ever tried out this command.  Nothing happened, and he wasn’t sure he was protected.  So, take no risks.  
He teleported next to the podium and displaced some elderly fellow who was standing in that place.  The elderly man got down from the stage and went out to take a seat.  
“Ladies and gentlemen, let’s vote,” Brian said.  
There were procedures and things that had to be done, and all of this took time.  People came to the podium and spoke, some for a few minutes and some for longer.  Brian stood at the back of the stage, his arms crossed over his chest.  He was looking for shooters, but there weren’t any.  Apparently his threats had been sufficient.  
At last they held the vote, and the equal pay for women legislation passed with a one hundred percent vote in favor.  
Brian walked to the podium and grinned.  “Well done,” he said.  
The beefy guy called out, “This isn’t legally binding.  You can’t force legislation through the Congress.  We won’t respect this.”  
“You WILL respect this, and if I haven’t done it correctly, you’re free to fix the results to be legally binding,” Brian said to them.  “I will be there, always watching.  Women WILL gain equal pay for equal work.  This was what a friend of mine wanted most, and your role, ladies and gentlemen, is to give my friend what she wanted.  Your entire legitimacy, springs out of this legislation.  If you go against me, things will get very ugly for you people.”  
He didn’t bother to stick around for the reactions.  He took a step and appeared in downtown Washington D.C., outside a large concrete building.  Welcome to FBI headquarters.  There were people on the sidewalk, maybe fifty yards away, strolling hand in hand.  A young couple.  
Brian faced the concrete building, and burning wings grew out of his back.  He spread them and fluffed them out and felt shitty about this matter of Congress.  They were going to buck him on this equal pay for women bit.  He was pretty sure he didn’t do it right.  Fuck.  You had to vote on it in the House, and then in the Senate, and then the president had his say.  He was only going as far as the House.  They would fight him every inch on this.  So, some spectacular examples, to scare them into compliance.  
He was across the street from the large building, and he waited until there were no cars between him and the building.  He raised his fists over his head and then brought them down, hard, and threw open his fingers.  A shockwave blasted across the empty street, ripping through the lower levels of the building, and, howling and roaring, the structure fell in on itself and became a pile of rubble.  
For a few minutes he stood there and stared at the ruin.  The various floors had pancaked, and the rubble settled.  
A young man’s voice accosted him.  “What was that for?” 
Brian turned to see the young couple standing five feet away.  The young woman looked quite nervous, but the young man had a cell phone out and was making a video of Brian.  He thought about it for a moment and then said, 
“The FBI had ONE job to do.  They were supposed to protect my friends from extremists.  They failed.  When you fail on my watch, there is punishment.”  
The young guy captured this on video, and Brian knew he would be on the news.  He put a stern look on his face and then took a step and transported to his camping gear.  He had some food left, and he made lunch and ate.  He felt lousy.  His friends were dead, the FBI had failed, and he had blown it with the Congress.  It was easy to kill, and destroy.  But he wanted to do more positive things.  He wanted to equalize society for people of color.  He could think of a dozen laws he’d like to see enacted, but that was hopeless.  They’d fight him every inch, and he’d run out of time.  
Memories of his friends flowed through him, the funny things Jacqueline said sometimes.  The sound of collapsing buildings shrieked through his mind.  Death and destruction.  Punishment.  He was a master at punishment.  But the power was still surging in him.  He had just blown up a huge building, and there was power to spare.  He could blow up ten buildings this size with the same shockwave.  There was no more need to go to Pakistan for nukes.  Brian was now a walking nuke unto himself.  His power was heading for its peak.  He was going to be legendary, the most important terrorist of all time.  More important than Osama Bin Laden, more potent than ISIS, more of a threat than Iran and Russia.  
Time passed.  When he was hungry he teleported to distant cities and bought food, when he was weary he read books about the Indians.  He bought a portable radio and batteries and listened to the news.  They were talking about him.  What was he going to do next, who was he going to kill, what was he going to destroy?  
The news said Indians were pouring into Guatemala.  Eight hundred Navajos joined the Quiche Maya Indians, and twelve hundred Cherokees went down there, and hundreds of Indians from other tribes.  They were learning to speak the language of the Quiche Maya and were contributing expertise at nation building to the Maya who were running Guatemala.  The country was a mess, and it would take years to normalize it.  The Quiche leadership was rounding up the surviving white people and escorting them to the border of Mexico and telling them to never come back.  
In Los Angeles, there was a contingent of very aggressive black men who were threatening to shoot the mayor and the governor of California if their demands weren’t met.  They wanted better schools for black children, and they wanted killer cops held accountable.  They threatened to shoot cops if the cops kept targeting unarmed black men.  Brian heard all this and knew that these were his pigeons come home to roost.  He had started all this.  But it was too late to see it through.  The balls he had started juggling had been picked up by other people, and it was up to them to keep the balls in the air.  
Days turned into weeks, and storms moved in and dropped more snow on the mountain.  He huddled in his tent and thrashed in his sleeping bag.  Sometimes he read books by the Indians, and he hoped with a fervent heart that the people of Guatemala would do a good job building an Indian nation.  He wanted them to have a place that was by, of and for the Indians.  Now the tribes of North America were shouting out their own desires:  return sacred lands, build schools and hospitals on reservations, bring employment opportunities for all Indians.  The government was in talks with leaders of dozens of tribes, trying to find common ground.  
So much death.  Whenever he wasn’t doing something useful, the visions of the dead and dying splattered across his mind.  By the time he was done with this power trip, he was going to be a basket case.  It was PTSD, at the very least, if not a full-blown psychological melt-down.  He had no one to talk to.  He didn’t dare call his parents, for fear of stirring up the radicals who were gunning for them.  
And through all these random thoughts and howls of the dying, he thought of the afreeti and felt the power surging in his guts.  He could probably kill millions of people in a single blow.  It was the beginning of March, and he packed up his backpack and teleported into northern California and left the backpack in a national forest somewhere.  It was time to move on.  Time for something really big, right here at home in America.  Time to drive the final spike into the nation’s consciousness and make this forever a liberal action.  







SO LONG, TEXAS


He transported to a service station and bought a map of Texas and studied it for a while.  His head was a fucked-up mess.  All the time now the voices squealed, and the visions flashed, and his dead friends hung their heads and mumbled about how they had all gone to hell, and it was Brian’s fault.  There were tears for Rachel, his closest friend, and his chest tightened every time he thought of Jacqueline and the goofy things she said.  If he wasn’t careful he’d start weeping and never stop.  
So he sat at his new camp site in the Sierra Nevada range, in a small, forested valley that was covered with six feet of snow, and he cooked his meals over his camp stove and thought of all the people who had died as a result of his power.  He hadn’t anticipated the destruction of his friends.  He hadn’t figured he would kill so many people.  He looked up Guatemala City online and discovered that there had been over a million people living there.  He had killed a million people with one nuke.  And now he was ready to rack up an even higher body count.  
This was the height of his power, when he was a walking one-man nuclear bomb.  But before he started kicking a little ass, he wanted to try something else.  He thought, Take me to Rachel’s grave, and he was there.  It had a small, simple headstone of black marble that gave her name and the dates.  Bring her casket to the surface.  The coffin appeared on top of the grave, in great shape.  It was like it had been buried three days ago, not months ago.  
He opened the casket, and there she was.  There was an awful stink of death, and her face was sunken in, and she was rotting.  
Raise her from the dead, was his thought.  
The body let out a sigh, and her limbs twisted a little, and the dark spots on her dress faded.  Her face looked like it had in life, and the stink of decay went away.  She did not open her eyes.  She was not alive.  She had been restored to the way she looked when she was newly dead, but the spirit of life was beyond his power.  
He cried.  All this power to kill, and he couldn’t raise a single person from the dead.  Not one.  All he could do was produce a good-looking corpse.  He sat there for a long time, hours, just thinking about Rachel and the piano player and the start of a new era of her life.  All gone.  He had killed the fuckballs who had killed her, but that did not satisfy.  
Thanks to his power there were now millions of broken families all over the world, their loved ones vaporized in the hellfire of nuclear bombs or blown apart in the shockwaves of Brian’s direct attacks.  What kind of power was this, that he had?  Why didn’t the afreeti give him the power to heal?  Everyone loved healers.  A good doctor was worth her weight in gold.  Alleviate suffering, kill cancer, wipe out disease, regenerate malfunctioning organs, save lives.  
But all he had was the power to destroy.  He had done the best he could, but it was all fucked.  He knew he didn’t have much time.  Around the middle of April was the end of his one year of power.  If he was going to carry out this plan for a legacy, it had to be now.  
He put Rachel’s coffin back in the ground and visited the graves of Greg and Jenny and Jacqueline, whose grave was between her parents.  He felt so godawful that he wished for death himself.  The power in him curled and twisted, and the voice of the power murmured, You would be better off dead.  Your life is a sickly joke.  Swallow the fire, and bring an end to this misery.  He found himself standing there with his fists over his head, about the bring down his hands and incinerate himself.  He staggered away from the graves and teleported back into the mountains, where he spent a week in a fevered dream of misery and self-loathing.  It was like the forests of Pakistan all over again.  He wandered, weeping, waving his arms and causing avalanches to fall all around him.  Sometimes he hiked for miles up the valley, his snow boots crunching the ice.  
All these tears would just have to fall, without hope of making the situation better.  His friends were gone, and he left the fate of his parents to the FBI.  His powers were too limited.  There was nothing he could do.  He cursed the afreeti and what it had given him, but the power roared in him night and day, and he had to take action, while he still could.  
On to more destruction, and his final statement of power.  

In the middle of March he transported outside San Antonio, to some surface street with no people around.  He caused the fiery wings to grow out of his back, and he began walking toward the center of the city.  He thought, Make my image a hundred feet high, and hide me at the base of it. So he saw a huge image of himself rise above the buildings, wings unfurled, and he turned invisible directly beneath it.  Let me move fast, he thought, and each step moved him a hundred feet.  He focused on the power, on concentrating it, on lashing it into a frenzy in his guts.  It was like he had swallowed a hurricane.  It blasted away inside him, screaming, so potent that the voices and images in his head fell silent for the sheer shock of it.  
In the horror that was his frame of mind, he vaguely realized that there were liberals in this city, thousands of them.  He bent over, his head spinning, and tried to get a grip but failed.  Part of him wanted to remove the liberals, but that part was small, and weak.  The power roared in him, and he couldn’t focus any more on other people or their concerns.  
Kill this city, he thought, and he raised his fists over his head and then brought them down hard, opening his fingers toward the skyscrapers of downtown.  This time he didn’t get a shockwave.  This time there was a rush of energy, and the hurricane in his guts wrenched free of him and flung itself straight into downtown.  There was a horrific roaring noise, and the groaning of breaking concrete, and metal shrieking and shattered glass and thousands of automobiles blowing down the sidewalk.  The hurricane pushed outward in all directions, blowing in windows and ripping down buildings.  
Brian just stood there, feeling the energy expand through the suburbs and into the countryside.  He remembered to put a protection on himself, so he wouldn’t be killed by his own spell, and a car blew past him and crunched into a building.  Fires erupted all over the place, and soon the remains of the city were aflame.  Sirens began to scream here and there as emergency services began to operate.  Brian thought, Get rid of my image and lift me a thousand feet above this city.  Immediately the hundred-foot tall image of himself disappeared, and he rose into the sky to look around.  He was still invisible, so he didn’t worry about anyone spotting him.  
From a thousand feet up, the wreckage was terrifying.  There   wasn’t a single building standing for two or three miles, and the suburbs looked like some giant had stomped on them.  Columns of dark brown smoke lifted above the rubble, and fires raged all around the city.  He could see little fire engines far below him, and cop cars with their lights flashing.  He saw citizens outside their homes with garden hoses, trying to save their houses from the flames.  
He let these people be.  They had suffered enough.  They had lost family, and employers, and friends.  They were now in the same boat he was in, lost and miserable, and he had no desire to bludgeon them further.  
For the first time since he could remember, he couldn’t feel the power pushing in him, urging him to kill.  He had released everything he had on San Antonio, and he was spent.  The city was destroyed.  He wondered if the president would fly over the rubble and declare it a disaster area.  Well, the president should wait a few days, there was more on the way… 
He transported back to his backpack and tent and sat down and cooked up some dinner.  He had set out to destroy San Antonio over lunch, and somehow about five hours had slipped away from him.  He turned on his radio and listened to the breathless news updates.  The reporters blamed him for the destruction of San Antonio, and already there was an angry backlash against the Democratic president.  
“Liberals stick together,” said one Republican Congressman.  “This attack on an American city was orchestrated by this Brian Hopper person, but I think you’ll find this attack was ordered by the president.”  
“The question isn’t why did he destroy San Antonio,” said one Republican woman.  “The question is, how many more cities is he going to blow up?  Is he going to be satisfied to destroy a couple of cities, or is he going to do what he did in Guatemala, and wipe out every major city and military base in the state?”  
The Navajo president got on the news and said, “We knew this guy was bad news, that’s why we turned him in to the FBI.  He offered to kill people on behalf of the Indians.  Killing is all he does.  Someone needs to shoot this bastard in the head.”  
This depressed Brian.  He wanted to help the Indians, and they turned him in.  His type of power made him everyone’s enemy.  
Some guy, a college student, said, “This guy is a liberal, but he’s not like most of us.  To be a liberal, to me, is about having compassion for others and wanting people to be treated equally.  Liberals don’t kill people.  I wouldn’t call this guy a liberal.  I’d call him a terrorist, and he should be dealt with like a terrorist.  I hope the Texans take him down.”  
The governor of Texas got on the media and said he had called out the National Guard in major Texas cities, and that they would defend Texan territory.  “He took us by surprise this time, but he won’t do that again,” he said.  “Liberals are disowning this guy.  His own parents have disowned him.  All his friends are dead, he has no support.  I don’t know what to make of reports that he was granted power by some sort of genie.  Sounds like make-believe Hollywood nonsense.  If you ask me, he’s been granted power by the devil.  You don’t need children’s genie stories to explain this guy.  The devil grants power to those who worship him.  He has set himself against Texas and against God, and I am confident the National Guard will kill him.”  
Brian moved his camp site to the mountains outside Santa Fe and stayed there for three days while recovering his strength.  He was exhausted from the effort of blowing away San Antonio, and he needed time to recuperate.  It was amazing, finding the limits of his abilities.  He had never run out of energy before.  The afreeti said he could level cities, destroy armies, wipe out entire countries.  He had no desire to wipe out the United States, just the conservative stronghold of Texas.  He should do a number on Arizona while he was at it, but he wanted to make a point.  Texas was the leading conservative base, and it was going to fall.  

The voices and the images and the misery came back after a day of silence.  His goddaughter showed up in his visions, shredded by the car bomb that had killed her.  She said, 
“You killed me, Uncle Brian.  You were the one who killed all those people and made everyone mad.  I’m gone now, and I’ll forget all about you, in heaven.”  
His sleep was a nightmare.  Bad dreams haunted him, and he tossed and turned and woke up dozens of times each night.  The screams were the worst, the shrieks of the dying people he had killed.  He tried forcing his mind to forget, by use of magic, but that didn’t work.  Apparently the backlash from the power was beyond the ability of the power to control.  He couldn’t simply will it all away.  
Rachel appeared in his nightmares frequently, with a bloody bullet hole in her head, crying blood tears for the piano player she would never get to know.  She pointed an accusing finger at him and hissed, and he fell to his knees in front of her and begged her forgiveness.  
“It’s the FBI’s fault,” he moaned.  “They had ONE job, to protect my friends and family, and they blew it.”  
“It’s your fault, for running off to foreign countries and leaving us without protection,” she whispered.  
He transported himself to her grave marker and tried again to raise her from the dead, but the magic just couldn’t do it.  He was at his highest peak, and it was useless.  His magic did not heal.  
After a few days he felt full of energy again.  The power whirled within him, and he made himself invisible and flew a hundred feet above the ground.  Then he transported himself to Houston, where he appeared above a main street.  He looked down and around, and sure enough, his shadow showed up on the asphalt, even though he was invisible.  A clever sniper might be able to pinpoint his location, given a little time.  
As he looked around he saw soldiers here and there, crouched behind buildings, hidden behind trash cans, waiting inside cars.  There were a dozen of them on this road alone, and he figured there were dozens of them on each road leading into the city.  They expected him to be a hundred feet tall with fiery wings, walking through the city, like in San Antonio.  So, good thing he changed it up this time.  
He focused on the power in his guts, and it began to whirl and twist.  More energy poured into his belly, and it began to bleed off his fingers as sparks.  He was afraid the snipers would see this, so he didn’t let it go on for long.  The power built up, and built up, and blasted at him, and he looked toward downtown and let it all out.  
There was a puff of energy in the downtown, an instant fireball higher than five skyscrapers, and this fireball expanded in a flash to devour the buildings and the cars and the people.  The streets melted, and the streetlamps and sign posts tore apart.  Red fire expanded to cover the suburbs and outlying districts, and Brian put protection for himself before it reached him as well.  The explosion went on for a good ten minutes, and when it was over the city was nothing more than a pile of flaming debris.  
Fires covered the area, and clouds of brown smoke rose into the sky from ten thousand flames.  As with San Antonio, there was a wailing of sirens as surviving emergency services went to work.  He looked down, and the soldiers were all dead.  The blast had reached them as well.  He flew over the city, surveying the annihilation.  Here and there some people had managed to survive.  People walked along, bloody and dazed, and cops and firemen tried to create order.  Brian floated there, invisible, for several hours as he watched the people start to recover from his attack.  
Then came a cry from a couple of cops down below, and one of them pointed at Brian and fired a pistol at him.  It was a long-range shot, and the bullets missed, but it was enough to tell Brian that his invisibility had worn off, and people could see him again.  
He transported back into the mountains outside Santa Fe, where he made lunch and ate.  It was different this time, blowing away a major city.  He was more aware of the people this time around.  In San Antonio, it was just a matter of destroying a bunch of buildings and cars.  The people were incidental.  But in Houston, it was the people he was after.  Conservatives.  Conservative soldiers, conservative citizens.  Brian was going to hammer them.  
The power in him was fully expended in destroying the city.  The voices in his head had been extinguished by the sheer ferocity of his attack.  The process of recovery:  a day of silence, then a build-up of power, and on the third day he was ready for more.  
This time he turned invisible and flew two hundred feet above the ground.  He tried to create a bullet shield around himself, but there was no clue that the magic worked, and he had to assume it didn’t and that he was vulnerable to being shot.  He transported above Arlington, Texas, and stretched one arm toward Fort Worth and the other arm toward Dallas.  He decided he didn’t want to be here that long.  Just hit the cities and then go back to his camp site, the closest thing he had to ‘home.’  
He began to summon the power in his guts, whipping it into a frenzy and breaking it in half to launch onto the twin cities.  Suddenly, something interrupted him.  Directly in front of him, half a mile away, was a tiny helicopter flying toward Fort Worth.  He stared hard at it, and as he watched, it turned toward him and began fast closing the distance.  There were little speckles of fire from the front of the bird, and there was a tremendous spike of pain in his left hand.  
He glanced at it and was horrified to see the damage.  His pinky and his thumb remained, but the other fingers, and most of his palm, were gone.  There was just a bloody stump of a hand remaining.  Blood ran down his wrist onto his forearm to his elbow.  
He glanced back at the chopper and saw that it had stopped in mid-air and was hovering, maybe a quarter mile away.  It could definitely see him.  They had him on radar or some shit, infrared, some way of seeing him in spite of his invisibility.  
There was no time for this.  He launched the twin hurricanes toward the two cities, as fast as he could go.  The energy pumped out of him and arced in wild formation.  He wasn’t controlling it.  His attention was on the goddamned helicopter.  
The chopper had two stubby wings, one on either side, and slung under these were rockets and missiles.  As Brian looked, flames erupted from two of the missiles, and they shot toward him.  They were moving very, very fast.  The pain in his left hand was unbelievable, and he transported himself back to his backpack as the missiles reached his position.  
There was still four feet of snow in the mountains above Santa Fe, and he sat on an exposed rock and examined his shattered hand.  It was mostly gone.  The chopper had tagged him with a bullet or some such.  It hurt a great amount, and he could barely look at it.  
Heal my hand, he thought, and he held up the ruined hand.  
The blood stopped flowing, and flesh magically appeared where there was none.  A new palm filled in, and then there were nubs of fingers that slowly grew longer and developed fingernails.  Veins appeared on the back of his hand, and little hairs grew out.  In half an hour his hand was repaired as good as new, but with one difference.  There was a star-shaped scar in the center of his palm, and another one on the back of his hand.  It was an ugly, white scar that looked godawful; anyone glancing at it would know that something terrible had happened to his hand.  
Thank God he was at the height of his power.  Any less, and he’d be out a hand.  The pain subsided, but there was a steady throbbing that was insistent and constant.  
He turned on his radio and listened to the news station.  The attack on Dallas/Fort Worth got top airplay.  His hurricanes had missed Dallas entirely.  One went to the north of Dallas and wiped out some suburbs, and one went to Fort Worth and landed in the countryside.  A few hundred people were killed.  
The governor of Texas got on the radio, his voice thick with triumph.  “We conceived of this plan as soon as San Antonio was destroyed, but it took a few days to get it all together.  We surrounded our major cities with flights of military helicopters that had infrared sensing equipment on board.  We had reports that this Brian Hopper terrorist was flying low to the ground above his target cities.  So we hit him with air-to-air missiles.  It’s not clear that he was killed, but you can see the results of our aerial patrols for yourself.  His attack on Dallas/Fort Worth failed.  We will continue running these patrols until this terrorist is killed.  His invisibility was a good defense for a long time, but not anymore.  Don’t mess with Texas.”  
 “Governor, we hear that you had a back-up plan in place, in case the helicopters weren’t successful,” said a young male reporter.  
The governor cleared his throat and chuckled.  “We have been evacuating our cities over the last few days.  Dallas/Fort Worth are emptied out.  Even if he had hit them square on, he wouldn’t be killing very many people.  Look, folks.  This is a liberal terrorist attacking a conservative state.  I’m not going to say where our people went, but we’ve evacuated the largest cities in our state.  People saw what happened to San Antonio and Houston, and they were ready to move.  This terrorist has failed.  He wants a fight with conservatives, he’ll get one.”  
 “What do you think should be done with his parents?” asked another reporter.  “Some people are suggesting they be put in prison for the rest of their lives.”  
“You have to ask yourself what kind of parents raised a kid like this.  Why didn’t anyone see this coming?  This guy was telling everyone what he was up to.  Not in so many words, but it was all right there if you didn’t have your head up your ass.  It was the head honcho of the Navajo Nation who gave him away to the government.  We owe the Indians a big thanks for that.  They outed him.  Who knows how many people he would have killed if he wasn’t feeling pressure from law enforcement?”  
There was more, but Brian turned off the radio.  He had figured it was the Indians who had turned him in.  This depressed him.  It was basic racial politics.  Brian wasn’t an Indian, so the Indians didn’t feel any solidarity with him.  He was just another white guy.  
Could the Texans really have evacuated the major cities in just a few days?  He supposed the people in those cities would have been eager to get out, after seeing what had happened to their sister cities.  So it no longer mattered if he blew up cities, their inhabitants were elsewhere.  He could just give the command to take him straight to the refugees, that was no big deal.  The governor had made a mistake, telling him the cities were empty.  Now he knew to concentrate on the populations of those cities, wherever they were hiding.  

A few days passed, and he noticed that the amount of power concentrated in his guts was less than it had been before.  He knew he could still take out a small city, like Abilene or Lubbock, but already his power was fading.  He had been planning to take out smaller cities, too, but now he decided he had killed enough conservatives.  Millions had died.  He had made his point.  
Over the next two weeks he transported deep into Iraq half a dozen times, blowing away ISIS encampments and killing their personnel.  The U.S. government took credit, saying they were hitting ISIS with drone strikes and had been “very successful.”  Brian figured this was the least he could do for his country, but he knew the authorities would kill him anyway, first chance they got.  
He listened to the radio, and the news was angry.  Liberals dominated the air waves as they attacked his parents and attacked Brian.  They said that a hundred thousand liberals had died in the attacks on San Antonio and Houston.  Did Brian really think of himself as a liberal?  The same word was repeated:  terrorist.  
Some expert came on and said, “This is an example of extremist formation in action.  Here is a man who was estranged from his parents, whose closest relationships were with a handful of friends who supported him in a mainstream liberal ideology.  Without close family to give him an anchor, he became more and more extreme.  The irony here is that he probably would not have gone to such lengths but for the killing of his friends.  The extreme actions of conservatives in murdering his closest friends became reflected in this man’s ever-expanding murders of conservatives.  That said, Brian Hopper is now number one wanted terrorist in the world.  He can transport himself instantly from place to place, but he has to buy food sometime.  There is no doubt that the authorities will catch up to him, sooner rather than later.”  
Another expert came on the air:  “It is incredible to me that no one is talking about this man’s mental illness.  He is schizoaffective, which means he suffers from both bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, at the same time.  He went off his pills months ago and has been a rampaging psychotic ever since.  The increasingly grandiose posturing of his attacks shows he has been manic for a while.  What will he do when the depressive cycle hits?  This man is hearing voices, probably voices urging him to kill his ‘enemies,’ and he is intensely paranoid, which explains the attacks on conservatives.  It is a miracle that he hasn’t killed his own parents.  If you’re listening, Brian Hopper, you need to get back on the medication and bring your psychosis under control.  You’re going to prison, but it will be a prison for the mentally ill.  With the psychosis under control, the urge to kill will dissipate, and you’ll be yourself again.”  
The commentator said, “I don’t think the authorities intend to take him alive.  He could just transport right out of any prison.  No one could hold him.  There is no sympathy for this man among conservatives or liberals.  It’s just him and his psychosis, on a deadly arc.  God help America, and bring swift justice to this terrorist.”  
The expert cleared his throat and said, “This man is suffering the ravages of full-blown, untreated psychosis.  He is not himself.  He is not making rational decisions.  He needs medicine, and he needs someone to understand his condition.  My name is Hector Blaze Rodriguez, Brian.  Turn yourself in to me, and I’ll get you back on the drugs.  It’s not too late to return to yourself.”  
“Hmm,” said the commentator.  “You’re the first one who has made an offer like that.  So he has exactly one supporter, on the mental illness angle.  Good luck, professor, you’ll need it.”  
Conservatives were out for blood.  “This man has murdered millions of people,” said a random conservative on the street.  “I hope they blow his head off.  That chopper over Fort Worth nearly  killed him.  He’s not invincible.  He hides with invisibility, and he hides by flying around, but we can see him now.  His day of killing cities is over.  And don’t forget about Guatemala.  Look what he did there.  He wants an Indian country?  To hell with him.  To hell with the Indians.  That Navajo leader who turned him in was my kind of American.  He knew a terrorist when he saw one.  No mercy to terrorists!  Kill his ass!”  
His father came on the radio, and Brian felt a wrenching in his heart as the old man said, “I don’t know if it’s his illness out of control or something that happened to him with this genie everyone is talking about.  He got that power from somewhere.  But he’s not our son anymore.  He supports that woman, Hillary Clinton, and that should tell you enough about him, right there.  
“Don’t call us, Brian.  No one here for you.  I never thought I’d say it about my own flesh and blood, but I hope some sniper nails you.  What were you thinking?  Why didn’t you turn that power on America’s enemies?  You could have been a hero.  Now you’re just another mangy terrorist, and public enemy number one.  You have no future except the grave.  Good-bye, son.”  
   





THE END, AS IN THE BEGINNING
	

Brian sat on the rock in the mountains outside Santa Fe for two weeks as his power slowly drained away.  The urgent push in his guts became smaller and smaller as the days wound on, and he no longer felt the need to murder people and blow up cities.  
The dead tormented him day and night.  Jacqueline came to him as a small angel, crying and calling him foul names, saying he would never find his way to heaven with all the murders he had committed.  Her parents were with her sometimes, and they just stood there, Jenny off to one side and Jacqueline in her father’s arms, staring at him.  He felt like an utter failure.  He should have put out the word early on that if you touched his friends, he’d kill you.  So much for the FBI and their protective services.  
Images flowed through his mind.  Mushroom clouds rose above major cities, and the wailing of fire engines faced with the impossible task of saving the suburbs rang in his ears.  He watched the nukes go off and devour military bases in Guatemala, and he thought of the Pakistani soldiers he had charred.  There were so many dead, so many final cries.  
He felt he had made his points.  He had helped the blacks of Los Angeles run out the white soldiers and cops.  He had done his best to ram through legislation for equal pay for women.  He had killed the ruling class of Guatemala, paving the way for an Indian nation.  He had kicked America’s conservatives right in the balls, blowing up their stronghold under their very noses.  No one would forget him.  
On the other hand, no one wanted him.  Even Bish Q’ij in Guatemala hadn’t called for him.  The Quiche leader wanted to take over Guatemala with his own resources, not relying on some white man to get the job done.  Brian could respect that, painful as it was.  
He found himself talking with Rachel’s spirit from time to time, mulling over his situation and wondering what to do next.  He transported himself into Albuquerque, to a grocery store, and bought enough food and drink to last him through the remainder of his power.  Probably it would be best to eat up while he still had a remnant of energy, then starve to death when he ran out of food.  
The checkout woman at the supermarket definitely recognized him, so he moved into the mountains of Colorado and pitched his tent below the snow line.  If he was going to die, it would be in comfortable temperatures, not in the fucking snow.  
April first rolled around, and there were about two weeks left until the one-year anniversary of his meeting with the afreeti.  He got a clever idea, to change the shape of his face to resemble somebody else.  For a while he dithered on who he should look like, but his memory selected Greg, because he could remember Greg clearly.  
He bought a small shaving mirror at a sporting goods store and looked at himself, and he looked like Greg.  He walked around Denver, saying hello to the homeless and waving at cops.  No one blinked.  But his hopes of a permanent disguise were dashed when he checked in with the mirror later in the day, and it was his own face that stared back at him.  The face change only lasted a few hours.  
The voices babbled away in his mind, and the voice of the power burbled and hummed, apparently content at his situation.  A depressed mood came over him, and the dead accused him of failure and malice.  Didn’t he know that this was what was going to happen, all the way back to a year ago?  The afreeti had warned him the power would run out.  His one year of magic had sure gone by fast.  As his depression settled in, his appetite failed, and he took small meals and drank lots of wine.  This had the unfortunate side effect of increasing the voices in his head, so they were babbling and screaming and shrieking and howling all day long.  So the days went by in a drunken stupor, as he waited to run out of food and then die.  
He listened to the people on the radio talking about a massive manhunt, planet-wide.  The U.S. government bankrolled television ads and radio spots and internet photos of him, to flush him out.  
The days of April went by very, very slowly.  He walked in the mountains for many miles, up above the snow line and down through the pine trees and aspens.  He felt only a mild tickling in his guts where once had resided the power to destroy entire cities.  For these meanders he took a bottle of wine along with him and drained it, and everything looked pleasantly blurry.  When he was hammered he felt the last dregs of power cycling in his stomach, and it was always enough to teleport him back to his campsite.  
He thought about what it meant to be a liberal, and wondered if he had done well.  Hundreds of thousands of liberals had been killed along with millions of conservatives.  But that was the power speaking on its own terms.  He hadn’t really had much say in that.  
Besides, you can’t make an omelet without busting somebody’s huevos.  You had to look at the big picture.  His record wasn’t perfect, but it was pretty good.  He had done all the things he had set out to accomplish, even if he hadn’t scored all the points he had tried to.  
He toyed with the idea of going back to Fort Worth and destroying the chopper that had blown his hand off, but he doubted he had enough power remaining for even that much destruction.  After a week his hand stopped hurting, and the wounds he had suffered in Guatemala healed up with small scars.  Given the risks he had taken over the last year, he had done pretty well.  
The days stretched slowly on, and that voice that was with Brian from time to time, the voice of the power, began whispering, “Hurghada.”  It was so quiet he didn’t hear it for a while, but there came a day when he heard it quite plainly.  This was over breakfast on the twelfth of April, three days before the anniversary of his meeting with the afreeti.  He ate a tiny breakfast and used magic to clean his cooking pot and dishes.  The depression was on him like a thick quilt, smothering him and making him sweat.  His head felt like it was full of rocks, and the images and voices and cries of the dying rippled through his mind.  
He took a bottle of wine and went up on a mountain behind his camp site and hiked on animal trails all morning.  The wine bottle was soon drained, and he felt buzzed and out of it.  The hiking went on for about three hours, then he teleported back to his camp site.  The teleportation still worked, which surprised him.  Maybe it was the very last power still operating.  
It was a feature of the transporting power that he always appeared where there were no people, or where the people were facing away from him.  This time he appeared about ten yards away from his camp site, standing on a grassy area under some aspen trees.  
Four men stood around his backpack and tent.  They were dressed in camouflage fatigues and had floppy hats, and they carried submachine guns and had pistols on holsters on their belts.  He pegged them right away as special forces.  One of the guys was looking into his tent, and the other three were going through his backpack and had its contents spread out all over the place.  
All of the men were facing away from him, but that wouldn’t last long.  He concentrated on the power and whipped it up into a little breeze in his guts.  He took a few steps forward and put his hand on his tent, and the guys jumped back and grabbed their guns.  Brian knew he couldn’t kill four guys.  He would be lucky to kill one guy.  He gave a thought, and in an instant he and his tent were in upstate New York, in the deep dark forest. 
He stayed with the tent for the last three days of his power.  He had nothing to eat and only a canteen of water.  There was a stream nearby, and he drank from this and kept his canteen full.  
It seemed like a waste of energy to go to New York City and buy food or fruit juice.  He still had a hundred bucks in his pocket, but he didn’t care about money at this point.  He didn’t care about much of anything.  He was just glad the teleportation worked, and he got away from those special forces guys.  
For the next three days he sat next to his tent, drinking water and sobering up.  He had nasty withdrawals from the alcohol, and his head was full of noise.  Those special forces guys were just one team among hundreds that were looking for him.  
He had no radio, so he couldn’t hear what the government was up to.  All his gear was left behind.  They were going to hunt him down.  They must have helicopters flying around the wilderness areas of the country, seeking single campers.  Then they sent a team of soldiers to check out each sighting.  They probably had satellites looking for campers, too.  Bad time to be an outdoorsy type.  
The fifteenth of April came, the anniversary of his gaining power.  He had no idea what to do.  Eventually the soldiers would find him without power, and they would kill him.  
His stomach rumbled, and he drank a little water.  The voice of the power was desperate now, whispering, “Hurghada” over and over.  Early in the day he decided to see if he could find the afreeti in Egypt and get it to give him another year’s worth of power.  
He held out his hand and thought, passport.  The document appeared in the palm of his hand, and he slid it into a pocket.  Then he stood there, focused on the power, trying to tell if he had enough to teleport to Hurghada.  There was very little to draw on.  But the teleportation seemed to work fine, even running on dregs.  
So he thought, Take me to Hurghada, to my hotel.  
He appeared next to the small hotel where he had stayed before.  It was early evening, a large time jump.  He checked in to the hotel and was amazed that they didn’t recognize him.  The different haircut and sunglasses did it.  He went to his room and looked around; just a bed, dresser and nightstand.  There was a small bathroom attached, and he enjoyed a hot shower before turning in.  

He was apparently exhausted, because he slept through the next day and got up around six in the evening.  He went to a currency exchange and got Egyptian pounds.  It wasn’t much, but he didn’t figure it would take long for some cop to recognize him and blow his brains out.  He went to a restaurant and had squid steaks and a fruit cup, and it was delicious.  First food he had had in days.  
Next stop was a café, where he got a hookah pipe and smoked until the sun went down.  He had tea and some pastry snacks and watched some old Egyptian men play dominoes.  It looked like fun.  These were honest retirees, enjoying their golden years.  Nobody was hunting them.  Nobody wanted them dead.  
The voices in his head cranked up until he was in the midst of a howling, wailing concatenation of noise.  
Now he walked through the town until he came to the public beach, where one year ago and a day he had killed the middle-aged Egyptian man who had tried to make off with his genie lamp.  There was no one on the beach.  The waves lapped the shore with small smacking sounds, and he walked across the sand in his tennis shoes, trying to remember where the afreeti had appeared.  
He figured out the approximate area and sat down on the sand.  He had no plan; he was out of moves.  There was no power in his belly whatsoever, not the faintest tickle, and the voice of the power was gone from his head.  Just a man, once again.  
The night grew darker, and the wind picked up, and it was actually chilly on the beach.  He pulled his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around his legs and waited to see if anything would happen.  In his mind, he saw the nuke wipe out Guatemala City, in slow motion.  A city of a million people, put to the torch.  Then came images of San Antonio and Houston, and the chopper that blew his hand off.  
He closed his eyes and watched the visions play.  Charred cops, dead National Guardsmen, falling cities.  He wanted to use the power for healing, but that wasn’t its nature.  He had gone with what he had, and what he had was pretty vicious.  
There was the sound of someone clearing their throat, and he opened his eyes.  There was the afreeti, right in front of him, wreathed in orange flames.  It stood twelve feet tall, and this time it was whole; its lower body didn’t disappear into billowing smoke, but was regular legs and feet that wore brown slippers.  The afreeti was red skinned and had a huge mouth, and its eyes glowed orange.  It wore blue pantaloons and a black vest.  There was a red tarboosh on top of its head.  
“Enjoying the beach?” asked the afreeti.  
“I’m so glad to see you,” Brian breathed.  
“Really.  And what is your next move, Brian Hopper?  How will you evade law enforcement and save your own hide?”  
“I was hoping you could loan me another year of power, and I would continue my work.”  
The efreeti’s wide mouth split open, and its teeth were triangular, like a shark’s teeth, and there were a lot of them.  It seemed to be smiling, but on an afreeti a smile looked like the promise of murder.  The creature laughed.  
“Heh heh heh,” it said.  “I think you have had enough free power.  You are all out of wishes.  I have an offer for you.  More power, but this time it will not be free.  This time it will cost you.”  
“Free?” Brian barked.  “You call this PTSD bullshit free?  I’ve been suffering visions since the first person I killed.”  
“That happens to some people who are granted an afreeti’s power,” said the creature.  “It didn’t stop you from taking action, again and again.”  
Brian was annoyed with this idea of free power, when it had cost him and cost him dearly.  “I have been faithful to my beliefs, and I have made the conservatives dance,” he said fiercely.  “That was all I wanted to do.  With another year of power, I would really yank these jokers’ chain.”  
The afreeti reached down and grabbed Brian under the arms and lifted him onto his feet.  “Here is my offer, little Son of Adam.  I will get rid of your madness.  Just take it away.  And I will grant you more power for the rest of your days.  And you in turn will follow the path I lay out for you, no questions asked.”  
“No questions asked, huh?” Brian grumbled.  “For an infinite amount of PTSD?  It seems your kind of power is expensive.”  
“Was that a yes to my proposal?” asked the afreeti.  
“You won’t tell me what you have in mind?” asked Brian.  
“What I have in mind is more power, for a longer period, and an end to your madness and the suffering at the loss of your friends.  No more visions of the dead and dying.  Peace in a new form.”  
Brian stared at the creature.  He didn’t trust it.  It was a malicious being, suckled on murder and raised up on destruction.  Did he really want more of that?  
“Come, is it that hard?” asked the afreeti, its smile going away.  “What are your other options?  To die soon or die slightly later.  You are out of power.  Death is just a matter of time.”  
“Will I get a long life, with your new plan?”  
“I can guarantee you a life span of millennia,” said the afreeti.  
Brian bowed his head and thought about it.  He had no bargaining chips.  The afreeti was right.  The authorities might spot him in a week, or he might evade them for six months, but his life span as of right now was varying degrees of short.  
“Why are you offering me such power?” he asked.  
“You have served us well.”  
“Us?”  
“Did you think I am the only afreeti in all of the creation?  There are hundreds of us.  Normally there are a thousand of us, living with our slaves in our haven in the City of Brass, in a dimension beyond the Earth.  In the old days the Sons of Adam knew how to summon us and use our powers for both warfare and peaceful endeavors.  But these days, men suck up to machines, and they have forgotten the afreet.  We are free to live as we wish.  Join us, and prosper.”  
“I have little to keep me here,” Brian mused.  He wondered what it would be like to be a human among the afreet.  They were probably prejudiced, but more power…that would be sweet.  
“Let me tell you what I see,” said the afreeti.  “You have given in to divisive politics and slaughtered millions simply because they believed differently from yourself.  You have broken armies and destroyed cities and laid low countries, all as I promised.  Your friends are all dead, and your family has disowned you.  Your power is gone, and you have no offers to fall back on except mine.  
“You have served afreet kind well.  We are the shakers of worlds and the last thing live men see before they become dead men.  We sunder cities and devour nations.  In our home dimension we hold countless slaves who answer to our whims.  We are wealthy beyond imagining, and we have commerce with other beings across worlds and across dimensions.  We trade with angels, and we do business with devils.  We are known to warlocks and witches across time and space.  Say yes, Brian.  Say yes, and embrace it all.  Or die stupidly, so they can stick your head on a pike and show you off to men who are not a hundredth your equal.”  
When he really thought about it, Brian could see how the wind was blowing.  The afreeti was right.  The authorities would kill him and then trumpet his death for ages.  
“You said slaves.  Is that the role you have in mind for me, one of your slaves?”  
“Oh, ingratitude!” yawped the afreeti.  “Do you think slavery would be the reward for one who has performed as well as you have?  Please!”  
Brian chewed on it.  He was anxious simply because the afreeti was offering him an unknown future.  The City of Brass?  In another dimension?  Surrounded by twelve foot high beings of fire?  It sounded incredible.  What an adventure!  
“Yes,” he said.  “I will try your way.”  
The afreeti’s smile broke out anew, all the way across its face, and never had the creature so resembled a shark as it did now.  
“First, this madness,” said the creature, and it waved an arm in front of Brian’s face.  In an instant the voices and howling and screaming disappeared from Brian’s mind.  The images of destruction still poured through him, but already he felt so much better.  
“That helped a little,” said Brian.  
“Ah.  Now the greater thing,” said the afreeti.  It reached out and tapped Brian on top of the head with one huge hand, and the visions of death, and the mushroom clouds, and the attack helicopters, and the miniature nukes, and the death of Rachel, and the car bombing of Greg and Jenny and Jacqueline, all that fell away from him like snowflakes in a thunderstorm.  His soul was at peace.  His mortal life faded away, until it was a distant memory that had nothing to do with where he was going.  
Then Brian noticed something.  He was the same size as the afreeti.  He looked the creature right in the eye.  
“Something changed,” he mumbled.  
The creature moved its hands a tiny bit, and a large oval mirror with an ornate brass frame appeared in them.  The afreeti held this up, and Brian beheld himself.  
Looking back at him in the mirror was a red-skinned afreeti, with a mouth not so wide as the first afreeti’s mouth, with glowing orange eyes and triangular teeth.  He wore a silk shirt of brilliant red and white, and his pantaloons were blue, like the other afreeti’s.  Red, white and blue.  A visible reminder of the past and his mastery over the world of men.  
Best of all, he felt the power.  But this time it didn’t feel like an animal trying to dig out of his guts.  It suffused him through and through, from toes to the crown of his head.  He had healing, and he had information gathering, and the making of small spells like teleportation and invisibility, and he had the power to kill and destroy, as before.  But now it was natural to him, not a graft added to his human self by another creature.  
He laughed, and threw open his arms, and made flames on top of the waves.  The afreeti had indeed not reduced him to slavery.  It and its kind were welcoming him into their circle.  
“You mentioned a price for all this,” he said.  
“I want you to bear in mind, that a palace awaits you in the City of Brass.  There are supposed to be a thousand afreet at any given time, and one of our number was destroyed by angels for seeking to steal their secrets.  Such are the dangers to our kind.  So there is an opening for a new afreeti, among our number.  Wealth awaits you, and power awaits you, and knowledge of the universe and its inner workings will be yours.  But.”  
Brian looked warily at the afreeti.  “But what?” 
“There is a price to all this, as I have said.”  
“Isn’t giving up my humanity a steep enough price?”  
A look of annoyance went across the afreeti’s face, then it grinned a malevolent leer.  It made a tossing motion with one hand, and the mirror disappeared.  It held up the other hand, and there was a brass lamp there, like the lamp Brian had found in the Red Sea that had contained the afreeti in the first place.  
The afreeti laughed and held up the lamp.  “This time, payment in advance,” it said.  
Brian looked at the lamp, and then it dawned on him what the afreeti wanted.  
“Holy shit, are you serious?” he said.  “But you, you were in that lamp for three thousand years.”  
“And who knows how long you will stay in the lamp, until some mortal lets you out?  Then you will grant him one wish, and after that you will receive your place among my people.”  The afreeti laughed now, a loud horrific barking that made shivers go up and down Brian’s spine.  
“Wait!” he yelped.  
The afreeti made a scooping motion with one hand, and Brian felt himself being sucked into the lamp.  
“You won’t get bored,” said the afreeti.  “You will be unaware of time passing.  When you come out of the lamp and grant the mortal’s single wish, I will come and get you, and the next phase of your life will begin.  But, one last thing.”  
“What?” Brian yelped.  He was almost completely in the lamp now; only his head still remained outside.  
“You never guessed who gave away the addresses of your friends and family,” the afreeti said.  Its grin grew even wider, and Brian knew who had delivered his friends up to murderers.  
“You bastard,” he said, and the afreeti bowed at the waist.  Then it barked-laughed again, and Brian was entirely inside the lamp.  Time ceased to flow, his thoughts stopped, and he felt at peace.  
The afreeti gave a thought and disappeared from the public beach in Hurghada and appeared above the reef outside Sharm el Sheikh, on the northern end of the Red Sea.  It dropped the lamp into the warm water and gave another mental command, and the lamp was buried inside the coral reef.  Centuries would pass before the actions of the sea broke out the lamp and it came to the attention of some son or daughter of Adam.  It might be a thousand years before Brian Hopper came out of the lamp, unable to remember his old name and old connections.  He would have an afreeti’s name, his secret name granted to him by other afreet.  
He would embody malevolent power, and he would be great in his very being.  



ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Randal Doering has a BA in creative writing from San Francisco State University and an MA in anthropology from Cal State East Bay.  He has published 20 short stories in the small press and semi-pro magazines and has won honorable mention in the Writers of the Future contest.  His fantasy novel Pax Azteca won finalist position in the San Diego Book Awards category of Best Fantasy Novel for 2015.  He believes travel is a great teacher and travels as much as possible, both in the U.S. and abroad.  His work tends to highlight the Middle East and American Indian cultures and mostly falls into the realm of contemporary fantasy.  

Randal has a website at http://www.randaldoering.com.  There you can download several free novels and a selection of short stories.  There are also links to his for-sale books on Amazon, which include a memoir and a number of novel-length works of fiction.  His email address is on this website, so you can send him a message if you wish.  He loves to hear from his readers and wants your feedback!  

