Princess Electra Book 4  School of Medicine

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2012 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Copyright ©-2012 by Robert Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Robert Maske

Smashwords edition 2012

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske



Princess Electra Book 4 School of Medicine

Chapter 1

King's Lake in Fernland

Electra stood balanced on a three-legged stool.  Her fingertips searched the highest shelf in her cottage for anything she might have missed in her packing.  She touched something solid and smooth.  A box of some kind.  She worked the small box forward with her fingers.  As it neared the outer edge of the shelf she recognized it—the box of runes Serafina the Sorceress had given her for her seventeenth birthday.
She pushed one corner of the box forward, overlapping the shelf to secure a firm grip.  Just as her fingers closed around the corner of the box, someone knocked loudly at her cottage door.  Her hand jerked and the box of runes flew forward, opening as it flew to spill the little wooden staves the whole length of the cottage floor.
Electra teetered on her stool, grabbing the shelf for balance as her stool skittered out from under her.  She let go of the shelf and fell to the floor in a heap.
"Just a moment," she shouted to her unknown caller.
Electra pushed herself up from the floor gingerly, testing for injuries. She found only a small scrape on her right palm, just below her thumb.  She opened the cottage door.
Haddad stood outside the door, an anxious expression on his face.
"Are you all right?  I heard something fall.  Several things, in fact."
"Of course I am fine.  Are you all right?" Electra countered.
"Yes, of course.  Why do you ask?" 
"I am a physician.  Often a knock on my door heralds a medical emergency."
"Ah.  Yes.  I see."  Haddad stood outside her door, frowning.  He seemed suddenly at a loss for words.
"Will you come in?  I could make tea."  Electra stood aside to allow room for him to enter.  "The cottage is in disarray—I am packing to return to Helsop."
"I know," Haddad replied.  "You are returning to start a school of medicine."
"Yes.  Thanks to your brother, Physician Rabar, my apprenticeship is completed.  I have just been notified that the building of my school of medicine in Helsop is also completed."
Haddad still stood outside and was back to frowning.
"I am told you will only be accepting women as students."
Electra nodded.  "That is correct.  Since most medical schools refuse to admit women, I decided mine will accept only women."  Electra watched as Haddad considered this latest revelation.  She began to wonder if Haddad had decided at this late date that he wished to become a physician like his brother.  Surely not, she decided.  Haddad was a master ship builder.  Her own brother, Prince Avor, was his supposed apprentice.  'Supposed' because her brother's real job was spying on Haddad and the rest of the men from Taz.
Haddad mumbled something that Electra strained to hear.  "Your daughter wants what?" she asked.
Haddad's frown turned into a scowl.  "She wants to attend your school."
Electra's face broke into a smile.  "I would be honored to have your daughter as a student.  Laleh is her name, isn't it?"  Electra could barely remember the girl she had met aboard ship some months ago.  Physician Rabar had rescued the girl along with her mother and brother from the brink of starvation.
"The matter has not been decided as yet," Haddad stated with an emphatic tone.
Electra stepped further back.  "Will you come in?" she repeated.
Haddad stepped into the cottage and stared at the runes strewn about the floor.  "Are these what I heard falling?  What are they?"  He picked up a little wooden stave from the floor.
"They are runes," Electra said.  "They were a birthday present, and yes, I did drop them."
"What are they for?" he asked.
"They are the letters of the Norse alphabet," Electra said, taking the rune from him.  She did not add that they could also be used to seek advice on important decisions, which was the reason Serafina had given them to her.
Haddad seemed annoyed to find there were things in the world he had no knowledge of.
"You are returning to Helsop to open this school of medicine?" he asked again for no apparent reason.
"Yes.  I will be sending out notices to all of Fenland soon, announcing the opening of the school."
"Then you have no students as yet."  He stated this as though it was a point that needed to be made.
"No.  Not as yet," Electra affirmed.
"I see."  Haddad seemed back in control again. "As I said, the decision concerning Laleh has not yet been made."  His face softened just a bit as he added, "But thank you for accepting her in advance if we should decide to allow it."
Electra bowed her head, taking his cue to accept the gravity of that decision.
"I will leave you to your packing then" he said, as though some understanding had been reached.

As soon as Haddad left and Electra allowed herself a small moment of celebration over enrolling her first student—after all, Haddad would not be so angry unless he had already decided to allow Laleh to enroll—she began picking up the scattered runes.  Serafina gave them to her when Electra admitted that she was undecided about going ahead with her marriage to Dagon.  They had now been engaged for over a year.
Electra had immersed herself in her study of medicine under Physician Rabar and put off making any decision about marriage.  She and Dagon agreed that she would wait until the school of medicine was completed before setting a date for their wedding.  Dagon's message had arrived the day before.  It consisted of only one line.
"Your school is completed."
But Electra could read between the lines or single line in this case.  She knew he would expect a decision on when and if they would be married.

Electra found the last rune hiding under the overturned stool.  She packed them face up in their wooden container and then, without thinking, turned the whole box upside down on her small table.  It was time to make a decision and though she did not believe in the runes' power to advise as Serafina did, she thought a reading might help to clarify her own thoughts on the matter.  She spread the little wooden rectangles out, remembering what she had been taught about reading the runes.
She needed to pick three staves from the pile, now laid upside down so she could not see the characters carved into them.  The first stone would reveal the overview, the second a proper course of action and the third, the outcome of her first two choices.  She closed her eyes to further remove herself from the selection and made her choice.
The first stone, the overview stone, pictured a long straight line carved into the wooden stave.  This stood for Isa—the ice stone.  She smiled when she saw it.  Helsop was her adopted home and it was a land dominated by a glacier.  Her best friend in Helsop was named Isa.  But Electra's smile faded when she considered the deeper meanings of the ice rune.  Contraction and silence.
This was exactly the reason she feared to commit to marriage.  Not only to Dagon—to any man.  Would marriage not contract her world?  Limit her choices?  And silence—would she lose her independence?  Her voice?  Would her opinion matter anymore?  
Electra shook her head to free it from negative thoughts and wondered if this was really helping.  She closed her eyes a second time and ran her fingers over the smooth wooden runes.  With some trepidation she chose the stone that would determine her course of action, then opened her eyes.  The Othala stone.  This one seemed worthy of consideration.
It signified one's ancestral homeland, and the deeper meanings of the freedom and well-being that one's homeland afforded.  Would marriage to Dagon bring freedom and well-being?  Was Helsop a place where she would be free to grow, to thrive as the stone suggested?  Perhaps Helsop would offer a sanctuary where she would bloom and be fruitful.  The Othala stone seemed a good omen.
She chose her last stone quickly and opened her eyes as she turned it over.  This last stone would signify the outcome of her first two choices.  She held her breath as she glimpsed the character.  Shaped like a lop-sided horseshoe with the tines pointing downward, she identified it as the Uruz stone.  It was the rune of strength and vitality, named for the courageous red bison.  Strength and vitality signaled a good outcome.

Electra went back to her packing and realized she felt at peace with her decision to marry Dagon.  She would set a date for their wedding.  The alliance between Fernland and Helsop would be assured.  A new energy surged as she bundled up her belongings and made ready to leave King's Lake for her first stop at Fernland's castle. For better or worse, she had made her decision.
 
Chapter 2

Castle at Fernland

Electra left King's Lake for the short journey to Fernland's castle as soon as the royal carriage arrived to transport her.  Now, as she neared the castle to pay her family a final visit, her thoughts turned to her first meeting with her parents over a year ago.  She had been raised by Serafina the Sorceress, believing the sorceress to be her mother.  When she first met the King and Queen she saw how they had suffered, not knowing their daughter's whereabouts for sixteen years, but Electra quickly recoiled at their attempts to make up for the long absence by being overly protective.  Her apprenticeship to Physician Rabar offered a welcome interval during which she had come to know her parents better as she sorted out her real feelings for Dagon.  Although their engagement had been a ruse to insure an alliance, she had come to have feelings for Dagon, and she looked forward to returning to him.  She hoped this quick visit to the castle before retuning to Helsop would not bring too much sadness to her parents; or too many stratagems on her father's part to keep her in Fernland.
As the sun reached its apex, the carriage drew up to the castle.  The carriage was packed with her belongings—a few clothes and kitchen items, and a large collection of dried herbs, plants and medical supplies.  She was quite sure her mother, Queen Delphinia, would have more clothes and accessories to add to her luggage.  And, she would likely insist Electra take the carriage all the way to Helsop.
A footman stood ready to help her out of the coach.
Electra hesitated.  "I do not know what to do about all my baggage."  She pointed to the various bulging bags still in the coach.  "Perhaps we could leave everything here until I speak to my parents."
The footman bowed.  "Your family is waiting for you in the royal dining room."
Electra thanked the man and ran up the stairs to the castle, then up the inside stairs to the family dining room.  She opened the door and peeked in.
"Electra, my dear one."  Her mother jumped up from her chair and ran to hug her.  Electra favored her mother in physical features—dark hair, light skin, blue eyes and a thin build.
King Geoffrey stood and smiled.  Her father was broad of shoulders, tall and blonde in coloring.  "Welcome, Physician Electra.  We understand your studies are now completed."
Electra hugged her mother and father in turn.
Her brother, Prince Avor, a year younger but already taller than his sister, stayed seated but he smiled at her and said, "Congratulations."
Electra took a seat, slightly embarrassed by all the attention.  "I don't know that I quite feel like a physician as yet, but from now on I will have to learn as I go.  Physician Rabar has done with me."
Queen Delphinia beamed with pride as she spoke.  "Of course you are a physician.  We are very proud of you.  Not only a physician but now a teacher of medicine as well.  Tell us your plans for your new school."
Electra shrugged.  "I will send out announcements of the school's opening.  We have yet to see if any students materialize."  Electra pursed her lips and continued in a cautious tone.  "Although, Haddad spoke to me before I left King's Lake.  His daughter Laleh is interested in attending."
"She is?" Avor asked with a surprised expression.  Avor was acting as an apprentice to Haddad to learn the trade of engineering and ship building, though his real job was to keep watch on the men of Taz and report to his father on their activities.
Electra turned to her brother.  "According to Haddad, she is.  Why are you surprised?"
Avor gave a little twitch of his shoulders.  "Haddad barely allows her out of the house.  Or his wife either.  The Taz women are not allowed much freedom."
Electra nodded.  "He said the decision had not been made, but he seemed angry so I assumed she must have already talked him into it."
Avor laughed.  "Haddad is rarely in a good mood."
A serving girl set a plate of fish and vegetables in front of Electra.
King Geoffrey looked up from his plate of food.  "Is he concerned with how work on the barge is progressing?"
Electra knew her father only offered the Taz refugees asylum in Fernland until they completed the work of dredging an estuary and building a royal barge.  After that the Taz people promised to leave Fernland.
Avor shook his head.  "No, he is not concerned about the barge.  Work is going well.  But Dong Hao conferred with the Caliph about the possibility of the Taz men going to build ships for his uncle in China after their contract here is completed.  I do not think Haddad likes that idea."
King Geoffrey's face lit up.  "China?  This is wonderful news.  They would be out of our hair just as they promised.  Why doesn't Haddad like the idea?"
Avor set his fork down and gave the question some thought.  "I do not know for sure—he does not confide in me. But I would guess he wants to work for himself—not for others.  And I suppose he wants a place to settle permanently."
Queen Delphinia nodded in agreement.  "Of course.  I'm sure all the Taz people want that."
King Geoffrey frowned.  "Let them settle permanently in China then.  Better there than here."
Avor changed the subject.  "I have recruited a few more people for Fernland's buzkashi team."
King Geoffrey groaned as he sipped his tea.  "I see no advantage to Fernland in having yet another exhibition of our ineptitude at Barburee games.  They will always prevail in any game that involves horsemanship.  They learn to ride before they learn to walk, I'm told."
"Buzkashi is more than a game.  It is good training for soldiers," Avor insisted.  "You will be amazed at the skill it takes to play well."
King Geoffrey flapped his hand at his son.  He had given his permission for the match between Barburee and Fernland, but he would not change his opinion.  "Who are these new recruits?"
Avor leaned forward.  "Most are from Taz.  They have at least seen the game played before.  But two are my friends from the archery regiment."
King Geoffrey was about to make a comment when the door opened and Muller, the King's chief spy, stepped in.
Muller's entrance into the family dining room was shocking.  He had never been invited to any family function and King Geoffrey looked indignant as well as alarmed by the intrusion.  
"What is it Muller?"
Muller blushed but stood his ground.  "My apologies for this interruption of your lunch, but my wife, Angelica, is close to giving birth and she urgently requests Princess Electra's presence."
Electra stood up and ran out the door with Muller close behind.  Her family watched her go, stunned at the realization that as a physician, she could be called from a family lunch to attend a patient.

Chapter 3

Fernland

As Electra left the family dining room she recounted other births she had witnessed.  Twice she had assisted a midwife of Taz at births to Taz women.  One baby who had come too quickly for the midwife to arrive, Electra had attended on her own.  And at one difficult birth, she had assisted as Physician Rabar unwrapped the cord from around the newborn's neck in time to save its life.  She doubted that Angelica knew about any of these births.  That was not why she summoned Electra.  Angelica was new to Fernland, but she knew Electra.  Although they had not been close friends, they had grown up not far from one another, Electra with Serafina at their little cabin in the swamp, and Angelica with her drunken father, Shandor, in the nearby gypsy camp.  Angelica was indebted to Serafina for helping her escape her father. And she trusted Electra. Electra had kept the secret of  Shandor's drinking problem from Muller at Angelica's request.  
As Electra followed Muller out of the castle and into his little cottage by the horse stables, she was already thinking about what she might need to assist with the birthing.  She stopped short on seeing a flushed Shandor lounging near the fireplace. He had obviously been drinking.  Seated across from him was a woman Electra did not recognize.  The woman smiled a little too brightly as she rose unsteadily from her chair by the fireplace.
"I'm Sadie the midwife," she said with a little bow and a wink at Shandor.  "Come ta see this one's grandbaby into the world.  I don't know why Angelica's botherin' you to come here, Princess.  I've delivered lotsa babes by meself and I expect this one'll pop out a babe like all the rest."
The woman chuckled at her joke.  Electra could see that Sadie had been drinking as well.  She glanced at Shandor and noticed he was hiding something on the far side of his chair.  She knew it was his wine flask.  Shandor was quite drunk.  Angelica ran away from home with Serafina's help because her father became belligerent and unpredictable when he drank.  She fell in love with Muller the Spy and came to live in Fernland about the same time that Electra arrived to meet her real parents.  After Shandor stopped drinking due to his incarceration in Henge's dungeon, Angelica dared to hope he had stopped for good and allowed him to move in with her and Muller.  Now it appeared he was back to his old habits.
Electra stared at Shandor.  "You have been drinking."
"Why would you say that?"  Shandor tried to look offended.  "But it is a celebration, isn't it?  I'm about to be a grandfather."  He grinned at Sadie the Midwife.  "This fine lady is a proper midwife and I daresay she's delivered a good many more babies than yourself.  No offence."
Electra narrowed her eyes at Shandor.  "None taken.  But since you have both been drinking, I'll have to ask you both to leave."
"I'll not be leaving my own daughter's house on your say so, nor will Sadie.  She's the midwife here about and you are not."
Electra looked at Muller to see what he intended to do.
Muller seemed undecided as he looked from Electra, to Shandor, to Sadie and back to Electra.  "Let us go and ask Angelica what would make her most comfortable," he decided.
Electra followed Muller into the bedroom where Angelica lay under a blanket on a bed.  She looked up at Electra with a pained expression.
"Did you hear our conversation from the other room?" Electra asked.
Angelica nodded.  "I feared he was drinking again.  I could hear the jokes and the laughter."
Angelica sought her husband's eyes.  "Tell my father he is to leave and take his flask with him.  If Sadie is not too full of drink yet, she may be of some help to Electra.  I don't know."  She glanced back at Electra.
Electra nodded her approval.  "Tell Sadie I will call her if I need her."
Muller left the two women and they could hear him as he told Shandor to leave.  Shandor was angry and he made sure everyone heard his parting comments.
"It's that witch's brat making trouble again.  You'd best watch she doesn't put some kind of hex on your baby."  He slammed the door as he left the cottage.

Electra took a deep breath and smiled at Angelica.  "Pay no attention to what he says while drinking.  He will likely not even remember what he said when the effects of the wine have worn off.  If he does he will probably ask your forgiveness for his rude behavior."
Angelica shook her head slowly.  "He can not seem to help himself."  She winced as another labor pain swept over her.
Muller opened the door to the bedroom and stopped half  in and half out.  "He is gone.  Do you need anything?"
Electra nodded.  "My medical bag is in the royal carriage.  I will also need some clean linens and a bowl of water."
Muller left on his errands and Electra ran her hand over Angelica's belly.  "The baby's head is down.  How close together are the pains?"
"Closer now.  A few minutes."  Angelica looked up at Electra with an anxious expression.  "Is it all right that I called you?  I suppose Sadie could have handled the birth.  It is just that I do not know her well, and I heard you had arrived at the castle..."
Electra patted her arm.  "I am happy that you called me.  I would not trust a midwife who would sit by the fire drinking while her patient is close to delivering."
Angelica smiled through another pain.  "I do feel better, now you are here."
Electra chatted as she massaged Angelica's back.  "Are you hoping for a son or a daughter?"
"For Muller's sake I would be glad of a son.  I believe a son would make him very proud."
"And have you names in either case?"
"No.  It is the Traveler custom to wait a few days before choosing a name.  But I do have a few favorites."

Muller returned with the medical bag, then left the room to gather linens and a bowl for water.  He lingered at the door after handing over the linens as though waiting for another assignment.  "Does everything seem..."  Muller did not finish his sentence and Electra realized that he was afraid to ask a question for fear of the answer.
Electra decided the best course was to allow him to feel useful.  "All is progressing normally.  A broth stewed in herbs would be beneficial if you would not mind asking for it at the castle kitchen.  It might take a while to cook.  You could wait for it at the kitchen and bring it back while it is still warm."
Muller left at once for the castle.

By the time Muller returned with the warm broth, Angelica had a new son, wrapped in a blanket, lying in her arms.  Electra took the baby from his sleeping mother and placed him in Muller's arms.
"Angelica is fine, but she is very tired.  It would be good to let her sleep.  When she wakes you may give her the warm broth.  Tell her I will check on her again before I leave Fernland tomorrow morning."
Muller stared at his tiny son's face and rocked him in his arms.  He looked at Electra with grateful eyes.  "You are moving back to Helsop now?"
"Yes.  My school building is finished.  I will be accepting students soon."
"I will recommend your school to everyone I know.  Thank you, Physician Electra."  He hugged his son to his chest.  "Shall I tell Sadie she may leave?"
"Stay with Angelica.  You should place the baby in his crib while she sleeps.  After she wakes and drinks her broth you may give him to her to nurse.  I will speak to Sadie."
Electra left quietly and closed the door to the bedroom behind her.  Sadie snored open-mouthed as she slept in her chair by the fireplace.  It had been an easy birth and no doubt Sadie could have handled it, even in her tipsy state.  But Sadie should not have indulged herself and would likely regret her behavior once she thought about it.
"Wake up," Electra said, shaking Sadie's shoulder gently.
Sadie sat up with a jerk.  "Is it time?"
"It is time for you to go home.  Angelica and Muller have a healthy son."
Sadie looked a little ashamed to have fallen asleep during the child's birth.
"I'm sorry.  I don't know what got into me, sharing wine with that fellow.  I'm not one what goes in fer that sorta thing."
"Shandor has a drinking problem.  He looks for reasons to indulge himself.  I've no doubt he talked you into it."
"Yer bein' kind ta say so.  But it's no excuse."  Sadie looked at Electra as she shook her head to clear it.  "The birthing went well then?  No problems?"
"No.  Had there been, I would have wakened you."
Sadie and Electra left the cottage together.  As they passed the door to the stables, Shandor staggered out.  "Are you finally done then? " he stammered.
"Yes," Electra replied.  "You have a fine grandson."
"I'll bet no thanks to you.  Admit it.  It was Sadie did the dirty work while you stood by and gave orders, I'm betting."
Sadie glared at Shandor.  "Thanks to you an yer wine, I was sound asleep when it come to the 'dirty work' as you say."
Shandor lunged forward.  "You all stick together against a man that just wants to celebrate.  Stand aside and let me get back to my house."
Electra blocked his path.  "You will not go back into that house tonight."
"I'll do as I want and I warn you not to get in my way," Shandor growled.
Electra took a step toward Shandor.  "Do not imagine having drunk too much will protect you from the consequences of your actions.  I protected you once from being thrown into King Geoffrey's dungeon for Angelica's sake.  I will not do so tonight.  You have just made a threat against a member of the royal family and Sadie is here to witness it.  I advise you to return to the stables at once."
Shandor's mouth fell open.  He was no doubt remembering his stay in Henge's dungeon.  His eyes retained their angry lines but he turned around and walked through the stable door without another word.
Electra said goodnight to Sadie and returned to the castle to sleep the few remaining hours before dawn.

Chapter 4

Fernland

The next morning Electra joined her family for breakfast.  She still felt tired after a few hours sleep but she wanted to get an early start on her journey back to Helsop.  She hoped to nap in the royal carriage.  Electra walked into the family dining room dressed in her traveling clothes.  Her mother was quick to speak.
"Electra!  You still had not returned to the castle when we settled in for the night.  I wanted to send Physician Rothman to take over for you but your father would not allow it."  Queen Delphinia glanced at King Geoffrey with a peeved expression.
Electra showed her surprise and approval for her father's decision.  "And he was quite correct in dissuading you.  I would never leave a patient in the middle of labor.  As it turned out, I had a midwife to assist me."  Electra did not mention that the midwife had slept through the birth.  "It was an easy birth and Muller has a fine son now."
Delphinia clapped her hands together and held them against her chest.  "Wonderful news."  She looked at Electra's traveling outfit and her expression changed.  "But you are not planning to leave so soon, surely.  You have not had time for a proper night's sleep."
Electra pointed to the window as she sat down to eat a bowl of mush.  "I believe a storm is gathering.  I hope to reach Helsop before the roads turn to mud.  I will be able to nap in the carriage."  Electra blushed.  "Forgive me.  I should not assume that I will be allowed the use of the carriage.  You may have need of it yourselves."
Delphinia frowned.  "Of course you will take the carriage.  I have a few items to add to your load before you leave, but I wish you would stay a few days.  With this birth you attended we have hardly spent any time together."
"Helsop is not so far.  You must come to see my new school."
Avor looked up from his breakfast plate.  "Perhaps you would like to return to see the buzkashi match," Avor said.
Avor had been so quiet Electra was startled when he spoke.  She could not stop herself from teasing him a bit.
"I'm glad you are planning ahead to insure the presence of a physician."
Avor scowled at her.  "That is not why I am inviting you."
"I know," Electra replied with a grin.  "I'm only joking."
Delphinia looked at Avor with a suspicious expression.  "Why would you need to have a physician present?"
Avor thrust his chin in his mother's direction as he glared at Electra with an expression that said clearly—now see what you have done?
Electra tried to undo the harm.  "I was only joking.  It is only an exhibition match.  I'm sure it will be perfectly safe."  She quickly changed the subject.  "I need to pay a visit to Angelica before I leave."  She finished what was left of her breakfast.
Delphinia sighed and lowered her fork.  "If you are determined to leave today I should gather up the few things I had planned to send along with you and have them packed into the carriage."

Electra took a deep breath before knocking on Angelica's cottage door.  She did not relish another confrontation with Shandor and smiled in relief when Muller opened the door.
"Electra!  Please come in.  Angelica is awake."
Electra followed Muller into the bedroom.  Angelica lay with her baby beside her, watching him sleep.  She waved Electra closer.
"In truth, have you ever seen a more beautiful baby?"
Electra looked at the infant.  He had dark curly hair, high cheekbones and long dark eyelashes.  "He is indeed a comely fellow," she agreed.  "How are you feeling?"
Muller cleared his throat and stated, "I'll leave the two of you alone, but I'll be just outside if you need me."  He pulled the door closed behind him.
Angelica kept her eyes on her baby as she answered Electra.  "I ache all over, but it is not so bad.  He has already nursed a little.  He seems to know what to do."
Electra checked her patient over, then checked the baby as well.  She found nothing to cause concern and sat down on a stool beside the bed.
"I will be leaving for Helsop today but I've sent word to Sadie to check on you and the baby.  She regrets drinking with Shandor and I believe she is sincere."
Angelica nodded.  "I'm sure my father talked her into it."  Angelica looked away from her baby long enough to glance in Electra's direction.  "I feel sorry for the time he spent in Serafina's dungeon but, in truth, being locked away was the only thing that kept him from drinking.  I know he hates himself for it but he can not seem to stop.  I remember now how I felt when Serafina offered me a chance to get away from him back in Chase Bound."
Electra listened more closely.  "I never heard the whole story of what happened back then.  What role did Serafina play?"
Angelica leaned back, remembering, as she stared up at the thatched ceiling.  "Serafina knew Muller was close to finding you.  He came to our Traveler camp asking if we knew of anyone who could make a love charm."  Angelica laughed.  "Can you imagine asking a group of gypsy Travelers that question?  Of course we said any one of us could make him a love charm.  But then he asked for Serafina by name.  The only thing that stopped the men from telling him where you and Serafina lived was knowing that Serafina would pay them more for their silence.  As soon as Muller left our camp we sent word to Serafina that someone had come by asking for her in a suspicious manner.  She must have made her plan to outwit Muller as soon as she got the message from our camp.  That night it was me she came to see.  She kept to the shadows so no one else would see her."  
Angelica looked intently at Electra before continuing.  "She asked me if I was still bent on running away.  The two of us watched my father from the dark of my wagon.  He played his fiddle and stopped every few minutes to drink from his flask.  I told her yes.  I told her I believed he would do whatever it took to keep himself supplied with wine—even using me if it came to that."  Angelica looked down to admire her son as he blew a bubble in his sleep.
"The next morning Serafina came for me before dawn.  She brought a cloak exactly like the one you usually wore.  I put it on and we walked through the village heading south towards Lands End.  She made sure the innkeeper saw us from a distance.  We carried luggage so it looked as though we were heading out on a journey.  Muller must have been staying at the inn.  And Serafina must have known the innkeeper would tell him we had left the village heading south.  At the time I knew only that Serafina was helping me to run away.  She even bought me passage on a ship.  My own cabin.  She told me not to open my cabin door for anyone until the ship had been at sea a full day.  When I did finally open my cabin door, there stood Muller, dressed up as a cabin steward with a tea tray and compliments from the Captain."
Electra was astounded by the planning that had gone into Serafina's charade.  "So Muller believed that he had found me?"
Angelica laughed.  "He almost convinced me that I was you.  He kept insisting that I did not know I was a princess but I most certainly was.  My real parents had grieved for sixteen years over the loss of me."  Angelica's eyes grew moist.  "He looked at me and saw only a princess.  What girl would not fall in love with him?"  She smiled as she turned to Electra.  "Serafina gave me a powerful love charm.  I kept it in my pocket but it seemed to be working its magic from there."
Electra shook her head.  "Muller is still very much in love with you.  A love charm would have worn off long ago."
Angelica sensed that Electra was reassessing Serafina's role in all that had happened.  "I'm sure Serafina only did what she did because she loved you and could not bear to lose you.  You were her only child."
Electra considered for a moment whether or not to tell Angelica about Serafina's new daughters.  Serafina's twins would likely not stay a secret for much longer and she knew Angelica would be one of only a few that would be happy for Serafina.  She made her decision and leaned in closer to whisper in Angelica's ear.  "Actually, since her marriage to Blackwell of Henge, Serafina has given birth to twin daughters."
Angelica propped herself up on one elbow, the better to see Electra's face.  "Truly?  Amazing!  I would have thought her past her child bearing years.  And twins?  I am overwhelmed."  She fell back onto her bed.
"My own family does not know of it yet," Electra cautioned, "but I do not imagine the twins will remain unheralded much longer.  You think Muller does not know as yet?  He is a spy, after all."
Angelica shook her head.  "He would have told me.  But trust me, I will not be the one to set the secret free.  I owe my new life to Serafina."  She ran her hand over her baby's black curls.  "My new happy life."
Electra smiled at the baby who was struggling to open his eyes.  "I told your father not to come back here as long as he is drinking.  The acting troupe will no doubt take him in if he tires of the stables.  They value him for his musical ability.  But it is your decision whether to allow him back here—yours and Muller's."
Angelica frowned.  "I have my son to consider now.  My father will have to find another place to stay."
Electra was relieved to hear this, but said nothing more.  She gave the baby a kiss and Angelica a hug before leaving the cottage.  
It was time to leave for Helsop.

Chapter 5

Helsop

Electra yawned and tried to stretch as the royal carriage slowed to climb the rise that joined Fernland's valley floor to Helsop's plateau.  She could hardly move inside the carriage, stacked high with gifts from her mother, Queen Delphinia.  She guessed that most of the gifts would be clothes and trinkets she would have little use for in Helsop, but some would be foodstuffs and useful supplies.  Because she had journeyed in such cramped conditions, she arrived very tired after the three day trip.
From the little Electra could glimpse through the bundles in the carriage, most of Helsop's winter snow had melted.  The storm she forecast had hit the day before and puddles littered the sides of the road.  Little patches of early spring growth dotted the steep sides of the plateau.  She could not see the glacier yet.  It would come into view when they reached the border guard station at the rim of the plateau.
The royal carriage slowed even more and Electra wondered if they might not make the rim with all the added luggage.  With a last great effort the horses pulled to the top and the carriage stopped.
"Welcome home," a familiar voice rang out.
Electra moved some bundles aside to see the smiling face of her fiancé, Dagon.  His brown hair was windblown, framing a strong face with an open expression and incisive blue eyes.
"You saw the carriage coming?" she asked unnecessarily.
"We've been watching your progress for several days.  Do you want to climb out for a proper welcome?"
Electra laughed as she blushed.  "I'm afraid everything would fall out with me if I tried.  I'll stay inside until we reach the school.  I can hardly wait to see it."
Dagon waved to the carriage driver and the carriage took off at a faster clip.  They reached the village in a few minutes and stopped in front of the completed school of medicine.  Dagon opened the carriage door and several bundles fell out at his feet, clearing the way for Electra to step down.
Dagon picked her up before her foot hit the ground, hugging her and swinging her free of the bundles on the ground.
"It is so good to have you home," he said.
Electra laid her head on his shoulder.  "It is so good to be home."
Dagon lifted his arm and moved it in a slow arc, encompassing the front of the school in one long gesture.  "Your school—completed and ready for occupancy."
Electra clasped her hands together.  "It is wonderful.  I must see every nook and cranny."
They walked through Electra's old cottage which had been transformed into an entryway for the school of medicine.  The entry opened on to a great room with one side made entirely of rock which enclosed a huge fireplace.  Shelves and a work space completed the kitchen area.  On the other side of the room was a large dining table with benches and stools on either side.  A window behind the table looked out at Helsop's glacier.
"Magnificent!  I will find excuses to spend time in this room.  How ever did you manage to build this rock wall?"
"One rock at a time," Dagon said with a smile.  "Now, on to the sleeping areas."

Five sleeping rooms, each with a small rock fireplace, led off from the great room.  Electra praised each in turn and noticed that the few things she had left behind in Helsop when she left for her medical apprenticeship had been moved to the small sleeping room nearest the great room.
The tour ended with a room set aside for storage.  It had shelves on three sides and a table along the fourth wall.  It would be a good place to dry and store herbs as well as medical equipment.
Electra shook her head as she looked at Dagon.  "It is so much more than I expected.  I want to thank everyone who worked on it.  I promise I will put it to good use.  In fact, I may have a student soon.  Haddad's daughter, Laleh may be my first student if she is able to convince her father."
Dagon's blue eyes crinkled in a smile.  "She would have to be your second student.  My sister Isa is most insistent that she be your first."
Electra's hand flew to her cheek.  "Truly?  Isa will be a wonderful student.  I must go and speak to her."
"If you wish we can go now."
Electra took Dagon's hand.  "Yes, but first we have some personal business to discuss."
Dagon's smile vanished.  His body tensed and he nodded without speaking.  They both knew that Electra held all the power in their relationship.  If Electra decided to end their engagement the treaty with King Geoffrey would likely be rescinded and Helsop would again be at the mercy of both Fernland and Henge.  She had agreed to the engagement for Helsop's sake but had never agreed to more than that.
Electra squeezed his hand more tightly.  "We did agree to set a date for our wedding on the completion of the school."  She smiled up at his frozen expression.
Dagon's eyes softened with hope.  "And you are ready to do so?"
"I am ready."
Dagon seemed stunned for a moment.  "Truly?" he asked cautiously.
"Truly."
Dagon swept Electra into his arms and pressed his lips against hers.  Electra caught her breath and her feet found the floor again.
"I take it you are so inclined as well."  Electra took a deep breath and put her hand on Dagon's chest.
"I am inclined to set a date for this evening if not sooner."  Dagon put his hands on her shoulders.  "Would that suit you?"
"I believe there may be some planning and invitations involved.  I had thought perhaps on or around my eighteenth birthday in early fall?"
"Why not make it your eighteenth birthday or the completion of the castle—whichever comes sooner."
Electra nodded.  "All right.  Whichever comes sooner."
Dagon's expression turned thoughtful.  "You could not have made me happier, Electra.  A part of me wonders if you do this for the sake of Helsop or because you want to be my wife, but I fear to ask because I might not really wish to know."
"Rest easy.  Helsop is my home now—with or without you.  But I am marrying you because I want to be your wife."
Dagon wrapped his arms around Electra and they stood hugging one another tightly for some time.
"Take me to see your castle," Electra said finally, "and then we will tell Isa."
"That she will be your first student?"
"That we have set a wedding date."

Chapter 6

Kingdom of Henge

Prince Blackwell watched the port of Henge from his window in the castle's garden room.  A large ship glided out to sea under full sail.  He had seen the ship arrive earlier and wondered why it was leaving so soon.  Usually ships' captains allowed their crews some time ashore.  This ship would barely have had time to unload its cargo and load the provisions necessary to make for its next port.  He wondered if this quick departure had anything to do with Fernland's newly opened port at King's Lake.
Henge's port made both Henge City and Prince Blackwell prosperous.  He was not happy that his longtime enemy, King Geoffrey of Fernland, now had a port as well.  The clumping noise of his father's wooden leg thumping down the hall turned his attention from thoughts of the port competition.
"Father.  Good day.  Thank you for accepting my invitation."
"Hummp.  It sounded more like a summons than an invitation.  What is this 'grave concern' that demands my presence?"
"Please, have a seat."  Prince Blackwell pointed to a comfortable chair next to a potted red rose bush.
"All right.  I'm sitting.  What it it?"  Phinneas Blackwell looked at his son with suspicion.  He knew his son never valued his father's advice.  He regretted his decision years ago to transfer power to his son.  At the time Phinneas believed he was on the verge of death with gangrene already setting in around his leg injury.  The amputation had saved his life, but too late to take back his kingship.
"It is about this theatre you have undertaken to build.  When you first came to me with the idea, I thought it would be a minor project and might stand as an incentive of sorts for my soldiers.  A show now and again for excellence or work well done."  Prince Blackwell paused to make sure he constructed his coming criticism carefully.  "It seems to have become a bigger project than I first imagined, not to mention more expensive."
"I suppose you have a point to make eventually."  Old King Blackwell sat scowling with his arms crossed in front of him.
"I feel we need to scale it down a bit.  Quite a bit, in fact.  It is not only too expensive, it is taking too much of my soldiers' time away from their regular duties."
  "If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing well."  Old Blackwell's jaw took on a stubborn angle.
Prince Blackwell pursed his lips and realized this was not to be an easy negotiation.  He sighed with relief when his wife, Princess Serafina, walked into the sun room with their twins, Esme and Shalin, tottering along beside her, each holding one of Serafina's hands to keep their balance.  Princess Serafina was tall, slender, with long dark hair, green eyes and pale skin.  The identical twins looked like miniature versions of their mother.
Old Phinneas Blackwell broke into a smile as he watched his twin granddaughters move toward him.
"Look at that!  The two of them walking already."
Serafina smiled down at her daughters.  "They are not quite balanced as yet, but soon they will be taking their first steps."
Esme sat down suddenly and moved into a crawl, the faster to reach her father.
Prince Blackwell scooped her up and kissed her forehead, then set her gently back on the floor.
"You are just in time to voice an opinion in our disagreement," Prince Blackwell said, taking a lighter tone now that his wife was there to side with him.  "I believe this theatre my father is building is costing too much in terms of man hours and building materials.  Do you not agree that a smaller, simpler design might serve just as well?"
Serafina let go of Shalin's hand so the girl could crawl over to join Esme's inspection of the flowering rose bush.  Serafina studied her father-in-law before she spoke.
"Would this theatre project have something to do with your visit with Take the Thief?"
"What?"  Old King Blackwell's face flushed red.  "How do you know of his visit?  Am I being watched in my own castle?"
"Who is Take the Thief?" Prince Blackwell asked, dumbfounded.  "You have an acquaintance with a thief?"
"What business is it of either of yours who I know or what I do?"  The old king stood up and thumped his way out of the garden room with a parting shout.  "And I will build my theatre as I choose."

"What was that all about?" Prince Blackwell asked.  "Who is this thief?"
Serafina's attention was still on the departed king.  She seemed to be considering his outburst.  When she turned back to her husband, a faint smile crossed her lips.
"Take the Thief is the person who stole Princess Electra from her nursery and brought her to me.  He visited Henge a few months ago.  In fact he was traveling with our escaped prisoner and fiddle player, Shandor, when he first arrived here.  Take said his mother was a gypsy and he wanted to visit the gypsy camp to learn more about his family.  I believed his story so I did not imprison him along with Shandor.  Shandor made threats against Electra, but I do not believe Take was involved."
"And what prompted the visit with my father?"
"That I do not know—yet.  Take the Thief has organized an acting troupe in Fernland that is doing rather well.  My sister, Delphinia, keeps them busy entertaining visiting dignitaries when they are not performing at a new theatre down at King's Lake.  That is why I was curious as to whether the visit and your father's theatre might be connected."
"Do you suppose this thief is blackmailing my father into building a theatre somehow?"
Serafina shook her head.  "I am certain Take would not dare such a thing even if he had some dark secret to hold over your father."  Serafina turned again to look at the door through which her father-in-law had left. 
"It might be worth finding out more about the meeting between Take and your father.  The knowledge may give you the leverage you need to control the size of the project.  I am quite sure your father is hiding something."
Prince Blackwell nodded and took the rose petals from Esme's hand before she could shove them into her mouth.  He was so lost in his contemplation of this theatre mystery that he did not notice when the petals escaped his hand and flew back into Esme's waiting fingers.
Serafina picked Esme up, pried the petals from her tiny fist and put them in a pocket of her gown.  Before Esme could begin her outraged wail, Serafina substituted a crust of bread into the little fingers.
Serafina bounced Esme on her hip and caught Prince Blackwell's eyes.  "It is another concern which brought me to see you," she began.
Prince Blackwell stiffened.  Serafina did not often come to him with concerns.  "And what is that?"
"The Jungle Queen left today without leaving our shipment of white powder.  No one could give me an adequate explanation.  The dock master who held payment for the shipment said he asked the captain why there was no shipment of white powder.  The Captain said he did not know.  No shipment had been brought aboard at Manoa.  He knew nothing more about it.  But he left port as soon as all goods from Henge had been brought aboard.  No one left the ship while it was in port.  Evidently the Captain did not wish to be questioned at length."
Prince Blackwell rested his chin on his fist as he considered the information.  "And how is our supply at present?  Have we enough white powder to continue production of the exploding arrows?"
"For a time.  But it is a concern."
Prince Blackwell and Serafina turned their attention to the twins as chunks of dirt began to fly from the pots of planted roses.
"We must have rodents," Prince Blackwell scowled.  "I shall have to inform the gardener."
Serafina shook her head, but said nothing.

Chapter 7

Helsop

Notices of the new school's opening went out to Helsop, Henge, Fernland, even to Lands End far to the south.  The notices said only that Princess Electra of Fernland and Helsop was accepting women students to her newly founded school of medicine.  Food and lodging as well as instruction were to be provided for one gold piece per half year.  Electra had been in a hurry to find students and sent the notices out before selecting a final name for her new school.  She sat now with Isa, her first student, discussing that very subject.
"Tandor offered to carve a board to hang over the door to the school," Electra began.  "He is ready to begin but I'm still not sure what the name should be.  I am leaning towards 'School of Herbal Medicine'."
Isa shook her head vehemently.  "You are a physician now.  Surely you intend to teach much more—the setting of broken bones, midwifery, the sewing up of wounds—that sort of thing."
"Yes, I suppose so.  But if I'm to be the only teacher, herbs are the only things for which I profess any depth of knowledge."
"You do not want to select a name that limits your applicants," Isa insisted.
Both women looked up at the sound of approaching horses outside the school.  They looked eagerly at one another.
"An applicant, do you suppose?" Isa asked
"One can always hope," Electra answered, smiling.  "If so, I'll interview her in the dining area."  Electra and Isa walked out to the school's entry hall just as someone knocked at the door of the school.
Electra opened the door and was happy to see Haddad and his daughter, Laleh, standing outside.
"Welcome, Laleh, Haddad.  Please come in."
Haddad entered first, frowning, and Laleh followed close behind, obviously very excited and happy.
"Have you come to begin a course of study here at our school?" Electra spoke to Laleh as she come through the door.
"Perhaps," Haddad answered for his daughter.  "Might we have a tour of the school and its accommodations first?"
"Of course."  Electra moved ahead of Haddad and led them into the Great Room with the kitchen on one side and the dining area on the other.
Haddad seemed impressed and a little surprised.  "It would seem rumors of Helsop's poverty have been exaggerated.  Where will the students stay?"
Electra led them through to the dormitory.
"Since you are my first student from outside Helsop, you may have your choice of rooms."
Laleh clasped her hands together against her chest, her eyes sparkling as she looked hopefully at her father.
"I find the accommodations better than I had expected," Haddad began.  "Perhaps we could discuss the subjects you propose to teach."
"Certainly.  Let us return to the dining area.  I will ask Isa to bring us some tea.  You are perhaps hungry after your long journey?  We  could arrange a meal as well."
"Tea would be appreciated, thank you."  Haddad seemed to be softening a bit.
After the three were seated in the dining area with tea and a spectacular view of the glacier, Haddad commented on the view.
"We in Taz are well traveled, but such an ice mountain as this is new to me."
"I could arrange an outing while you are here, if you might like to take a closer look."
"Perhaps on another visit," Haddad said.
Electra hid a smile.  If there were to be future visits, that could only mean he had already made his decision.
"I intend to offer personalized programs of study," Electra began.  "If one wished to concentrate on some aspect of herbal medicine such as cultivation or preparation of herbs, she would be accommodated.  If one wished to include a broader knowledge of herbs as cures for specific maladies, that could also be done.  Some may wish a more general study of the healing craft."
Electra turned to Laleh.  "Had you a specific interest in mind?"
Laleh looked at her father as if she required his permission to speak.  Haddad gave a slight nod.
Laleh smiled broadly.  "I want to learn everything!"  Then her smile vanished and she looked shyly at her father, perhaps doubtful he would approve of such unbridled  enthusiasm.
Electra nodded, as though learning everything were perfectly normal.  "One often has to begin with a broad approach before finding her specific areas of interest."
Haddad looked severely at his daughter.  "I will expect you to remember who you are and what is expected of you.  Any reports of unseemly behavior will not be tolerated."
Laleh bowed her head, but a little smile escaped her lips.
Haddad took a deep breath and blew it back out through his nostrils.
"As you may have guessed, I have strong reservations about allowing Laleh this level of freedom.  I suppose you and your students will be properly guarded at all times?"
Electra had not considered the necessity of being guarded, but she supposed it might be something that should be considered.
"Of course.  You might wish to speak to Dagon about that.  I could escort you to the command post."
Haddad rose from his stool, draining his tea cup in the process.  "That will not be necessary.  I must head back to King's Lake if I am to arrive in two day's journey.  Laleh's luggage is with her horse, which I will leave with her."  He reached into the pocket of his tunic and pulled out a gold coin.  "Here is her first tuition payment."
Electra was surprised to see Laleh jump to embrace her father and even more surprised to see the tenderness with which her father returned the embrace.  Tears gathered in Laleh's eyes.
"I will miss you Father, but thank you so much."
"We will all miss you, Laleh."  He kissed the top of her head and headed out the door.
Laleh hugged her arms around herself as if she were cold, then smiled at Electra.
"I do not feel as my father does," she said in a soft voice.
Electra thought about how many areas such a comment might refer to, and decided to wait for clarification.
"I never thought it indecent that you lived alone in the midst of workmen and studied with a male mentor," Laleh continued.
"I see," Electra murmured, wondering if that was the extent of her transgressions in Haddad's eyes.
"I want to be just like you," Laleh gushed.
Electra began to wonder if Laleh's coming to this school had more to do with freedom than the study of herbs.

Chapter 8

Helsop 

Electra, Isa and Laleh were on their way to the forest with a picnic basket and empty bags to search for wild herbs when Dagon rode up at a gallop.
"Fernland's royal carriage is climbing the plateau," he said.  "Are you expecting visitors?"
Electra shook her head.  "No.  I've had no message from my parents."
Dagon patted his horse's neck to settle him.  "I'm on my way to the guard station at the border to find out who is coming through.  Are you headed for the forest?"
Electra nodded.  "I suppose we had best return to the school if we're to have visitors."  She looked at Isa and Laleh.  "I am sorry.  I was looking forward to this hunt in the forest."
Laleh shrugged and Isa looked curiously in the direction of the guard station.  "Perhaps they are bringing another student?"
Electra was doubtful.  "To be transported in the royal carriage, she would have to be a very important person."
Isa beckoned Laleh with a wave of her hand.  "Come with me.  We will lay out some herbs for potions."  She glanced at Electra.  "Call us if you need us."
Electra headed back to the school as Dagon urged his horse forward with his knees.  "I'll bring whoever it is to the school."

Electra just had time to clear the dining table of dried herbs when the carriage stopped at the school's entrance.  She ran to open the door and could not have been more surprised when her brother, Avor, stepped out, followed by Bataar and his wife, Odval.
"Avor!"  She hugged her brother.  She was at a loss for words and could not believe her brother had come to Helsop for a visit.  Avor had been to Helsop before.  As a prisoner of war.  His capture had been the most humiliating moment of his life.  Because he had sneaked into King Geoffrey's army against his father's orders, and worse, had been captured by Dagon's soldiers, he had put Fernland in an untenable position.  King Geoffrey had no choice but to accept all of Dagon's conditions in exchange for Avor's release.  At the time, Avor would have gladly killed Dagon, given the opportunity.  Over many months his anger had diminished somewhat, Electra thought.  After all, he did tolerate Dagon's occasional visits to Fernland, but Electra was still amazed that he would return to the scene of his worst nightmare.
Avor did indeed look a little unhappy to be in Helsop, but he returned his sister's hug.  "Odval wants to enroll in your school," he stated in a neutral tone, as another girl, about Odval's age, stepped out of the carriage.  "This is Magsa, Odval's translator," he continued.
"Please come in, all of you."  Electra held the door open as her guests entered.  Her mind was racing.  Odval wanted to enroll in her school?  The last time she had seen Odval was many months ago in Taz.  Odval had asked Electra for a fertility charm.  Electra looked at Odval's slim waistline and could see the charm had not worked.
When all were seated, Electra spread out the contents of the picnic basket she had packed to take into the forest and invited everyone to help themselves to a snack.
Dagon followed the guests into the school and sat down at the end of the table where he could watch as the others sorted through the contents of the picnic basket.  He said nothing, but watched Avor and Bataar carefully.  He was no doubt as surprised to see Avor here as Electra was.  Bataar was universally received with suspicion by virtue of being from Barburee and in addition, being the favored son of the Great Khan, feared by all the world.
Electra looked at Odval, then her glance slid over to Magsa, since Odval spoke no English.  "Odval wants to enroll in the School of Medicine?"  
Hearing the question spoken aloud still made the question seem absurd.  Bataar was Barburee royalty.  His wife would never be expected to work in any health care position.  Her job was to produce heirs to the Barburee lineage.  Then, suddenly it made sense to Electra.  Odval had not produced an heir as yet.  Odval believed Electra was some kind of sorceress, despite Electra's protests to the contrary.  Odval herself had tried to poison Electra, fearing she might become Bataar's second wife and Electra had survived, thus proving she must have some kind of magic powers.  Odval was here to learn enough magic to secure an heir to Barburee.
Magsa spoke to Odval in the Taz language, then translated her mistress's answer.  "Yes.  Odval stay, learn some little medicine."
Electra wondered if Bataar knew why his wife wanted to become a student.  She tried to catch his eye but he seemed engrossed in his perusal of the picnic lunch.
"Bataar, you must be here for the buzkashi exhibition game?"
Bataar acknowledged the question with a sideways nod of his head which could mean either yes or no in his culture.
Electra tried again.  "Will you be coming back to collect Odval after the match?"
"You come, watch buzkashi match?" Bataar asked instead of answering her question.
Electra sighed.  It was never easy to get a straight forward answer from Bataar.  He reminded her of a dangerous cat, with his easy muscular grace of movement and his evasive personality. 
"I do not know if I will be attending the match.  I have responsibilities here with the school.  This is the time for enrollment of new students, as you know." 
Bataar gave the same sideways nod and reached into his tunic.  He dropped several gold coins on the table.  "For tuition," he said.
Electra was shocked. That many gold coins would cover years of tuition.
"That is too much," she objected.
Bataar shrugged and stood up.  "We go now."
"But you have only just arrived." 
Avor stood up as well.  "We have to return quickly.  We have visitors arriving to attend the buzkashi match.  We will need the carriage to pick them up from King's Lake."
Electra felt reluctant to allow them to leave without Odval.  She searched for something to say that might delay their departure.
"We have some news—Dagon and I," she said, glancing at Dagon.
Avor looked at Dagon briefly and the hostility that lurked behind his eyes shone through.
"We have set a date for our wedding," Electra said.
"You have."  Avor's comment sounded more like a statement than a question.
"Yes, either my eighteenth birthday or the completion of our castle—whichever comes first."
"And you would like me to relay this news to Mother and Father?" Avor's tone was cool but not sarcastic.
"I suppose they would want to know," Electra said with a hopeful smile.
"I suppose." Avor took a deep breath and seemed to come to terms with the situation.  "It seems congratulations are in order."
Electra gave Avor a quick hug.  "Thank you."
Avor nodded to Dagon but made no attempt to offer a handshake.  He did deign to stop long enough to admire the view of the glacier and take in the rock wall and fireplace in the kitchen area.  "Nice job on the school."
"Thank you," Dagon said.
Electra walked with Avor and Bataar to the door and waved goodbye as the carriage rolled away.  She returned to find Odval still sitting at the table with tears brimming at the corners of her eyes.  Electra suddenly realized that Bataar had left without saying goodbye to his wife.  Was that normal in the Barburee culture?  Perhaps.  Was Odval afraid to be left here at the mercy of a sorceress?  Was this schooling Bataar's idea?  Any of these were possibilities.
Electra glanced quickly at Dagon to see if he had noticed Odval's tears.  He gave a slight shrug.  He had noticed.
"Odval," Electra said gently, "Come, let me show you where you will be staying."
Magsa translated her words and the two girls stood up to follow Electra to their rooms. 

Chapter 9

Henge

Take the Thief and his acting troupe sat in the officers' dining room in the army barracks outside the castle of Henge.  It had taken them four days pulling a wagon full of costumes and props to travel from Fernland to Henge.  They stopped at the border of Henge where Take told the border guards that they were here at the request of old King Blackwell.  The guards had treated the actors courteously but once inside the army barracks a sergeant told them Princess Serafina wanted to speak to them before they went to old King Blackwell's reception.
Take the Thief paced back and forth nervously.  The last time he had been in this room Serafina had put his traveling companion, Shandor the Fiddler, into the dungeon with no explanation.  Although Take had received numerous invitations from old King Phinneas Blackwell to visit Henge, he had always found excuses not to come.  So far he had not even told his friends in the acting troupe that old King Blackwell was actually his father.
"I should not have brought you here.  I may have put us all in danger," Take murmured to his friends.
His best friend, Tom, rushed to his defense.  "Don't be thinkin' that way.  We was likely in bigger trouble if we'd a stayed in Fernland, what with that cut-throat Bataar of Barburee hangin' round."
Bear raised his head to look at Take.  Bear, who was very short, and his friend Smiles, who was very tall, had once been commanded along with Take to travel to Barburee—a journey that had terrified them all and made them give Bataar a wide berth on his latest visit to Fernland.  "I fer one was happy ta' leave Fernland afore Bataar thought a some new reason ta' send us off ta' Barburee again.  I'll take me chances 'ere."  He paused to screw up his face in an irritated expression.  "What's with this 'ere witch, Serafina, wantin' ta' put folks in her dungeon?"
At this moment Serafina appeared in the doorway, dressed in her sorceress cloak, looking at Bear through narrowed eyes.
Bear shrank back a little and put his arm around his wife, Peaches.
Serafina gave Take a frosty smile.  "What brings you back to Henge, my old friend?" she asked.
Take was hardly a friend of Serafina's.  Though they had a long history of misadventures together, Take had always been her pawn.  They had certainly never been on an equal footing.  Take cleared his throat.
"We have been invited here by old King Blackwell to have a look at the new theatre he is building and put on a short performance by way of an audition.  He has paid our expenses to come here and paid in advance for the audition."
Take stuck out his chin a little as though daring her to find any lie in what he had said.
Serafina took a chair at the dining table and studied Take for a moment, her green eyes taking on a blue-grey cast.
"And why do you suppose he would do that?"
Take gave a little cough which turned into a coughing fit.  When he had control of his voice he continued.
"I suppose now he is building a theatre, he needs actors to perform in it."
Serafina nodded.  "Have you any idea why he is building a theatre?"
"I would guess he enjoys theatre performances."  Take avoided Serafina's eyes.
"Where will you stay while you are in Henge?"
Take was ready for this question.  "King Blackwell may have made arrangements for us, but if not, we will ask for lodging at the Traveler camp."
"Yes, I remember you said your mother was a gypsy girl when you were last here.  You had come to find out more about your family."  Serafina paused and her eyes bore into his.  "Were you successful?"
Take felt like an insect under an enlarging glass.  How much did she know?  Had the old king told her that Take was his son, born out of wedlock to a gypsy servant girl?  "Nothing worth mentioning," Take offered.
Serafina stood up.  "Welcome to Henge," she said with unexpected grace.  "I will notify my father-in-law that you have arrived.
Take slumped, exhausted, into his chair as soon as Serafina left the room.  He had time for one deep breath before his friends barraged him with excited questions.

As soon as Serafina reached the castle she sent two servants running—one to notify old King Blackwell that his acting troupe had arrived and another to the kitchen to tell Juanita and Esmeralda she wished to speak to them in the nursery.

Juanita and Esmeralda sat peeling turnips for Cook when the servant found them.  They told Cook about the summons and walked up the stone stairs to the nursery, dreading what was to come.  Since secretly helping Shandor to escape several months ago, they had been waiting for the axe to fall.  Did Serafina know they had helped Shandor the Fiddler to escape?  Did she only suspect they had?  Would she put them in the dungeon?  Would she banish them from Henge?  They should have left sooner, they realized.  Now it might be too late.
Ebony, Serafina's black panther, snarled a warning as Juanita and Esmeralda entered the nursery.  Little Esme lay curled asleep next to the huge cat and Shalin looked up from her place by the panther's paw.  Her green eyes mirrored her mother's as she studied the two frightened young women.
Serafina sat down at her tea table but left the Traveler girls standing.  "I know you helped your friend escape," she began.  Serafina held up her hand in a 'stop' gesture when both girls began to protest.
"I wish to ask you both about another matter and if you answer truthfully you will be relieved of your jobs and will leave Henge immediately.  If you lie you will take Shandor's empty cell in the dungeon."
Juanita tightened her fists to keep her hands from shaking.  Esmeralda was terrified and her eyes welled with unshed tears.
Serafina leaned forward slightly.  "Esmeralda.  You mentioned that Take the Thief visited old King Blackwell shortly before he left Henge to return to Fernland.  Tell me everything you know about that meeting."
Esmeralda glanced at her friend.  Juanita gave Esmeralda a slight nod of encouragement.
"Take said his mama worked at the castle years ago and maybe his father did too.  He asked us to find out if somebody named Finn had worked here a long time ago as his mama said she named him Finn after his daddy.  Then old King Blackwell asked us why we were asking around the castle about somebody named Finn and we told him it was for Take and then he said, 'send Take to see me', so we did.  That's all we know.  You can ask the old King and he'll tell you that's what happened."
Serafina considered Esmeralda's story.  She could see that the girl was very frightened and judged that she was telling the truth.
"Take the Thief's name was Finn?"
"Yes, that's what his mama called him."
"And what job did his mother have here at the castle?"
"He said she was a nursemaid to the old queen that never recovered after giving birth to Prince Blackwell."
Serafina's eyes brightened with sudden understanding.
"I see."  She stood up to pronounce judgment on the girls.
"I believe you have told me the truth.  You will both leave Henge immediately and you should consider yourselves fortunate.  The usual penalty for assisting in a prisoner's escape from the dungeon is death."
Juanita and Esmeralda exited the castle without even saying goodbye to Cook.  They did not detour to pick up their belongings at the gypsy camp.  They headed for Henge's border still wearing their servants' uniforms.

Chapter 10

Helsop  

Electra sat at the dining table in the school of medicine, trying to communicate with Odval through her translator, Magsa.  Odval was not dressed for their hike into the forest even though Electra had announced the excursion the night before.
"Tell her that this trip into the forest will be enjoyable.  We will be collecting herbs to bring back to make into medicines."
Magsa sighed and tried again to translate Electra's words.  She listened to Odval's reply and shook her head.
"Odval say you must give better charm.  Last charm no good.  Only half way baby."
Electra was stunned.  "Half way baby?  Did Odval lose a baby?"
Magsa shook her head in a tilted side to side motion.  "No lose.  Baby come too soon.  No live."
Electra realized what must have happened.  Odval became pregnant after Electra gave her the fertility charm.  Then she miscarried.  Now she was here to get a stronger fertility charm.  One that would give her a full-term baby.
"Tell Odval I am so sorry she lost her baby.  Tell her fertility charms do not really work.  What she needs are herbal teas and good food.  If she is healthy she will likely have a healthy baby."
Magsa looked at Electra with a doubtful expression.  She spoke again to Odval.  Odval listened with tears in her eyes and spoke rapidly in the Barburee language.
Magsa looked sternly at Electra.  "She say Bataar have more gold coins.  You make good charm this time.  She healthy now."
Electra closed her eyes and gathered her patience.  Trying to reason with Odval was very like trying to reason with Bataar.  "Tell her I will make her another charm if she will drink the teas we make from the herbs we gather in the forest."
Magsa was eager to translate this concession to her mistress.  After a long conversation in the Barburee tongue, she translated Odval's reply.  "You say yes, she say yes."
"Good.  I will find Isa and Laleh while the two of you get ready."
Electra stood up before Odval could think of an excuse.  She seemed reluctant to accompany the others into the forest but had not explained why.

Isa rushed in through the door of the school, just as Electra was on her way to find Isa.
"The soldiers have picked up two girls coming out of Henge, trying to sneak into Helsop.  They say they are friends of yours.  They are being held at the command post for questioning."
"Two girls from Henge?"  The only person Electra knew from Henge was Serafina.  Then she remembered the gypsy girls she had known from her youth in Chase Bound.  The same girls Serafina suspected of aiding Shandor in his escape from the dungeon.  "Are their names Juanita and Esmeralda?" she asked.
"Yes," Isa answered.  "You do know them, then?"
"I do know them.  Tell Laleh and Odval our trip to the forest may be delayed.  I will go to the command post."

Electra ran to the command post.  Juanita and Esmeralda were standing outside with Deimos, who waved to her as he walked toward her.
"I was just going to bring them over to the school," he said.  "Do you know them?"
"Yes, I know them," Electra said.  "Thank you, Deimos, I'll take them back with me."
Deimos nodded and walked back to the command post.
Electra looked kindly at the two disheveled girls.  "You came alone to Helsop from Henge?" she asked with a gentle voice.
They both nodded.  Esmeralda looked to be on the verge of tears.  Juanita retained her stubborn demeanor but her eyes were downcast.  Their clothes were stained and rumpled, as though they had slept in them.
Electra walked with the girls back to the school.  She sat them down at the table and brought them hot tea before asking any more questions.
After the girls had eaten cheese and bread and drank several cups of tea, Electra cleared her throat.  The gypsy girls waited.
"Tell me what happened," Electra said.
"Serafina threw us out.  That's what happened," Juanita said.  Her bitterness helped to keep the tears at bay.
"For helping Shandor escape?" Electra asked.
"You knew!" Juanita exclaimed.  "You might have told us."  The anger flashed in her eyes."
"Serafina suspected he had help to escape.  She knew you were his friends.  I do not believe she knew for certain."
Esmeralda's face was wet with tears.  "She told us she knew we helped him.  She said the penalty for that was death.  She said if we lied to her we could take Shandor's place in the dungeon.  Then she asked us why old King Blackwell asked Take to come and see him." Esmeralda sniffed and wiped her eyes with her wrist.  "We had to leave without telling anyone.  We've been walking for two days.  Without anything to eat and only water from streams."
Esmeralda seemed close to hysteria.  Electra took her hand.  "You are safe here.  We will look after you."
Esmeralda looked up with a little hope.  Then she looked around at the school.  "Where are we?  What is this place?"
"This is a school of medicine."
Juanita looked around as well.  "You go to school here?"
"It is my school," Electra said.  "I am the teacher here."
"Where are your students?" Juanita asked.
"I only have three so far.  They are most likely in their rooms."
Juanita stood up.  "I thought everyone in Helsop was starving.  Where did this school come from?"
"Dagon built it for me.  I am a physician now."
"First a princess, now a physician.  You are a busy girl."  Juanita walked over to the kitchen area.  "We have some experience now as kitchen helpers."
Esmeralda brushed her hand through her hair and smiled.  "Yes!  Yes we do.  We are quite good in the kitchen now."
"Have you ever considered learning herbal medicine?" Electra asked.
"We are Traveler girls," Juanita answered.  "We tell fortunes and we dance.  We also know a good bit about herbs."
"I doubt if your skills in fortune telling and dancing would earn you a living here in Helsop," Electra said with a wry expression, "but perhaps we could work something out if you wished to enroll as students—perhaps some work in the kitchen and some work in the clinic."
Juanita showed her surprise.  "You must be desperate for students, but we're in no position to argue.  We accept."
"Let me show you where you will be staying.  And you can meet your fellow students."
Electra led the way into the dormitory.  Something Esmeralda said nagged at her mind.
"Why did old King Blackwell want to see Take?" she asked.
"That's what we would like to know, too," Juanita said.  "All we know is, we were doing Take a favor, asking around the castle if anyone remembered someone named Finn who might have been Take's father, and that got us called in to explain why we were asking.  Old King Blackwell called us in and told us to bring Take to him right away.  We did, and that's all we know."
"Hmmm, curious," Electra said.
"Was curiosity, killed the cat," Juanita warned.

Chapter 11

Henge

Take the Thief and his fellow actors basked in royal luxury for the first time in their lives.  Take's friend Tom, Tom's wife Angie, Angie's two friends, Trixie and Peaches, and the newest members, little Bear and big Smiles, made up the Fernland Acting Troupe.  Under old King Blackwell's authority they now slept in beds, had servants to wait on them, ate food they neither bought nor cooked and were treated with respect.  Old Blackwell took them on a tour of the theatre still under construction and asked their advice on amendments and enhancements.  It was as though he were building the theatre especially for them.  They vowed to do their best to repay the old king for his kindness as they waited anxiously for their first performance to begin.
Angie flapped her fairy wings cautiously, hoping they were tied on adequately.  "I sure never expected nothin' like this from old Blackwell," she exclaimed.  "I only heard tell he was a one what loved war and fightin'.  Who'd a thought he'd be buildin' a theatre?"
Tom nodded.  He always agreed with Angie.  "Seems as though he'd like us all ta' stay here abouts.  He even asked me did I like bein' here in Henge.  What'd you think about that, Take?"
Take pursed his lips.  His father was certainly making an all out effort to charm the acting troupe into staying in Henge.  Take wondered if his father really wanted his illegitimate son around that much or if there might be more to it than love for a long lost child.  He still hadn't told his friends that the old king was his father.  And his father had still not acknowledge that Take was his son, except in private.  Until his father acknowledged Take as his son publicly, Take thought it best to stay silent as well.  He did not want to make any promises about staying in Henge, at least for the time being.
Take replied in a non-committal voice.  "He has treated us very well.  Perhaps if he likes our performance tonight he will invite us back for a longer series of performances, once the theatre is finished."
Bear always approached a new situation with suspicion, especially when things seemed to be going along too well.  "I don't trust the ole buzzard.  Could be he thinks if he keeps us here long enough King Geoffrey'll pay him ta get us back.  Hah!  He'd get a nasty surprise there.  More likely Geoffrey'd pay him ta keep us."
Smiles always saw the best in people and was prone to trust even when trust was unwarranted.  "I never seen a one act nice like the ole king if'n he was up ta somethin' underhanded.  He even invites us to eat with 'im in 'is own dining room."
Peaches took a few prancing steps in her fairy costume, and checked the harness that would allow her to fly across the stage.  "I hate ta' say it, but this here theatre is gonna have our own theatre back in King's Lake lookin' small when ya' compare the two.  They must have gold coins growin' on trees up here in Henge."
Trixie nodded excitedly at Peaches.  "Ain't it just grand?  Us livin' in a castle an' all.  I feel just like a princess."
Take grinned at Trixie.  "And you look just like a fairy princess."
Angie, Peaches and Trixie wore fairy princess costumes.  Take wore a magician's robe and carried a wand.  Smiles worked the pulleys while his friend, Bear, donned an animal costume and Tom took his place as King of the Elves.
Take waved his hand in a circle to signal the start of the performance.  "Let's go then.  It is mostly army officers in the audience and I don't know how they'll take to fairies and elves, but I suppose they'll at least pretend to like it to make the old king happy."
Take walked on to the stage carefully.  Parts of the stage were still unfinished and temporary boards had been laid in place.  As Take appeared, clad in his magician's costume, he tossed a bit of powder on each of the large candles lining the front of the stage.  Flames shot up, burning with an eerie green glow.
Take stood in the center of the stage and raised his arms to remove his pointed hat.  A puff of smoke erupted from the hat and two pigeons flew out.
The audience clapped loudly.  It seemed even the generals were starved for entertainment.  Take pointed his wand at the top of the black curtain.  A fairy princess floated down.  The audience applauded with enthusiasm.  When the second and third fairy touched down, Take brought out his flute and began to play.  The fairies danced around the stage to cheers from the audience.
From the shadows, a candle burst into flame with a touch of Take's wand.  It lit up a large black box painted with moons and stars.  Take pointed his wand at the box and it slowly slid to the center of the stage.  Something inside the box growled loudly.  Take lifted the lid from the box with the tip of his wand and a black bear jumped out.
The audience let out a gasp as the black bear chased one of the fairies out of view behind the curtain.  While the remaining two fairies flew frantically after their friend, Take flipped the lid of the magic box down with his wand.  He tapped the lid three times and the lid flipped open.  The missing fairy jumped out of the box.
The King of the Elves strode on stage and the three fairies danced around him.  With flapping wings, they bore him into the air.  Then they released their hold and the elf hung suspended, levitating in the air, until Take pointed his magic wand and the elf slowly tipped downward and stood atop the black box.
Take touched his wand to the box.  The elf jumped off and one after another, the three fairies, and finally the black bear jumped from the box that could not possibly have held them all.
The actors took their bows and the audience applauded wildly.  The actors joined Smiles back stage where he had successfully manipulated a mass of black wires to make the fairies fly and the elf levitate.
"Good job," Take said, shaking Smiles' hand.  He gathered all his friends close.  "You all did a grand job tonight.  I daresay the old king will have a few more supporters for his theatre project now."
The actors kept most of their costumes intact but left their props behind as they prepared to go out and greet the audience.

As soon as Take stepped off the stage, his father was waiting.  The old king enveloped Take in a huge hug, brimming with happiness.  "Well done, boy.  Well done.  I had no idea you were so good at your craft.  You made me proud.  Yes, you did."  He waved him forward.  " Come and meet..."  The old king leaned in close and whispered in Take's ear, "your brother."
Blackwell pulled Take along to where Serafina and Prince Blackwell sat, each one's lap holding a twin girl.  The old king put his hand on Take's shoulder.
"I want you to meet Take, the magician.  Wasn't that some show he put on for us?"
Prince Blackwell shook Take's hand.  "Happy to make your acquaintance.  I enjoyed the show."
Serafina smiled a knowing smile at Take.  "Actually I have met Take before.  One might say we have a long history together.  One might even say he is already like family."
Old Blackwell gave Serafina a sharp glance and his smile turned to a suspicious frown.  Then his head gave a little shake and the smile returned.  "I hope he will feel like family and return often," he joked as he tightened his grip on Take's shoulder.
Take analyzed Serafina's amused expression.  She knew.  He knew she knew and she knew he knew she knew.  He was not sure how she knew, but perhaps it was the picture of the two of them standing together looking so much alike—looking exactly like what they were—father and son.
Take decided at that moment it was time to leave Henge.  He would have to find an excuse to leave soon.  He did not know what Serafina would do with her new found knowledge of this father-son relationship, but he knew it would not be good for him or his friends.  He would rather take his chances back in Fernland with the son of the Great Khan, Bataar.  With luck Bataar would be gone by the time the Acting Troupe reached Fernland.


Chapter 12

Helsop

Electra pulled a bunch of dried herbs from a high shelf in the chart room of the clinic.  She drew the herbs close to her chest and lowered her foot to step down from her chair.  Strong hands circled round her waist and lifted her down to the floor.
"What were you doing up there?" Dagon asked.
"You startled me!"  Electra said, catching her breath.  "How long have you been here?"
"I just came in.  I was trying not to startle you, but I thought you might fall.  Why do you keep herbs on such a high shelf?"
Electra held up the long oval leaves topped with purple flowers tinged with green.  
"This is belladonna.  It can be a beneficial ingredient when one needs to sleep during surgery, but it can also kill.  I try to make sure no one can find it.  I want to show it to my students today so they will be aware of the harm it can do."
Dagon nodded.  " I could make you a cabinet with a lock and key."
Electra's eyes sparkled.  "Could you?  That would be very helpful.  I worry that these herbs and others like them could fall into the wrong hands."
Dagon flipped his hand up as though the project were nothing special.  "I will start on it today.  I've been helping with construction on the castle so my carpentry skills are improving."
Electra smiled.  "How goes the castle construction?  I hear pounding and sawing from dawn to dusk."
"We are making good progress.  I believe we will be wed before your eighteenth birthday if all goes according to schedule."  Dagon returned Electra's smile.  "What plans have you today?  Will you try again to take your students into the forest?"
Electra shook her head.  "I've given that up for a time.  Odval doesn't seem to want to go.  It is difficult to communicate with her through Magsa, so I'm not sure why she is so reluctant.  I've decided to let them make tinctures today."
"Tinctures?" Dagon asked.
"Herbs soaked in alcohol," Electra explained.
Dagon picked up the dried belladonna plants.  "Will you use these?"
Electra's hand flew to her chest.  "Certainly not!  These will be for a much more advanced lesson.  Today I only mean to warn them of belladonna's poisonous nature." 
Dagon's eye narrowed in a cautious expression.  "Are you sure you want Odval to know about belladonna?  She did try to poison you once."
Electra shrugged.  "She no longer fears that Bataar might take me as a second wife.  The Great Khan himself has forbidden it.  But I do believe she fears that Bataar will take a second wife from somewhere if she does not produce an heir soon.  She is quite fixated on bearing a child.  I am sure that is the only reason she is here at the school, which she likely perceives to be a school of witchcraft."
Dagon nodded.  "I will make sure that when she leaves, the belladonna plant does not leave with her.  I will begin work right away and should have your cabinet by tomorrow."
Electra picked up her plant and gave Dagon a kiss on the cheek.  "Dinner together tonight?" she asked.
"I'll bring something from the mess tent.  Do not bother cooking."
Electra smiled and left the chartroom with her dried herbs.

Electra found her students drinking tea at the school's dining table.
Isa's jaw dropped a little as Electra laid the belladonna plant on the table.  She obviously recognized the plant.
"Belladonna,"  Electra stated, pointing to the plant.  "We will be going into the forest in a few days and I want all of you to recognize this as a dangerous plant.  It is extremely poisonous, but used correctly, it can be useful."
The students studied the plant but were reluctant to touch it.
"Is it poisonous to the touch?" Laleh asked.
"No, but I will put it away for now.  I want each of you to find a colored glass container in the kitchen.  Today we will make tinctures of Echinacea."

Electra took the belladonna plants to the school's storeroom and returned with a bundle of pressed purple daisy-like flowers on long green stems with black roots.
"Are any of you familiar with this flower?" Electra asked.
The students leaned in for a better look.
Juanita picked one up from the table.  "It looks like a coneflower."
"Very good," Electra said.  "And does anyone know its uses?"
Isa nodded.  "For fevers?"
"Yes."  Electra began to suspect that Isa already knew more about herbs than she had previously let on.  "It is a very beneficial plant.  We use it to heal wounds, to sooth swollen gums and boils and as Isa says, to reduce fevers.  Today we will make a tincture from the roots of the Echinacea plant."
Electra cut off the black roots and showed her students how to grind them using a mortar and pestle.  Then she stood back to let each one take a turn.
She next took a bit of the ground roots and placed it in a glass jar.  She poured enough alcohol in to cover the coarse powder, shook the jar, topped it with a cork and held it up. "Tincture of Echinacea," she proclaimed.


Electra stepped away from the table to make more room.  "Now each of you, make your own tincture to keep in your room.  You will need to shake it once a day for five weeks."
The girls set about making their own mixtures with much talking and joking.  Odval and Magsa worked on one together although Magsa did all of the actual work.
Electra was happy with the way her students were becoming comfortable with one another.  After their mixtures were completed, Electra held up another jar.
"This is Echinacea root that has been brewing for five weeks.  Today I will finish this tincture by straining it through a cloth."
She carefully poured the tincture through the cloth, wound the cloth around the depleted root pieces and squeezed the remaining fluid from the cloth.
"Now we have medicine, ready to use."
"How much would you use to bring down a fever?" Isa asked.
"A good question.  Half a small spoonful two or three times a day."
"I have sore gums," Esmeralda said.  "Should I use some of that?"
Electra handed the mixture over to Esmeralda.  "Rub a little on where your gums are sore.  Let me know if they are better tomorrow."
As they began to clear the table of herbs and bottles, the front door opened and Tandor rushed in.
"Dagon needs you at once in the clinic.  We have just rescued a man half-dead from Cold Lake."
Electra waved her students out the door.  "Come along, all of you."  She grabbed the Echinacea on her way out the door.

Chapter 13

Helsop

Electra stared at the man lying motionless on a cot in the medical clinic.  His wet clothing had already been removed and blankets piled on top of him.
"We must try to warm his body before his heart stops," she ordered.  "Isa, put water on to boil."
"Dagon, help me to lift him.  We must have heat below him as well as above.  Juanita and Esmeralda—find a hat and two pairs of socks.  Warm them by the fire and bring them quickly."
As Dagon lifted the unconscious man, Electra stuffed blankets beneath him.  Then she lay down beside the man and wrapped her arms around him.  "Dagon, lay on the other side.  He needs body heat to warm his inner organs."
"Laleh, have Isa show you where the medicines are kept.  Bring willow bark and lobelia."
"Magsa, make tea with chamomile.  Take Odval to help you."
With no one left to order about, Electra warmed her patient's head with her hands as she warmed his chest with her body.
"Who is he?" she asked Dagon who was half on and half off the narrow cot.
"We do not know.  He seemed delirious when two of my men found him.  He was clinging to an overturned boat in shallow water.  His boat must have capsized in waves close to shore.  A man wouldn't last long in Cold Lake.  The men who pulled the boat from the water said they thought they heard him say my name before he lost consciousness, so they sent a runner to find me.  But I do not recognize him.  I do not believe we have met before."
"Are there settlements on Cold lake?" Electra asked.
"Not that I know of.  We have never been able to explore Cold Lake.  My ancestors came across Cold Lake in boats but those boats were quickly dismantled and the wood used to build houses.  My father said his father came from another land beyond the lake, but he did not know much more.  I never met my grandfather, though I was named for him."
Electra pressed her body close to her shivering patient.  "This man must have been in desperate straits to have tried crossing Cold Lake."
"Do you think he will recover?" Dagon asked.
"I do not know.  He is old, but he seems to have a will to live.  He may recover."

Juanita and Esmeralda returned with a warm cloth for a turban, and several pairs of warmed socks.  After the man was fitted with these, Isa brought in strips of leather soaked in hot water to place on the man's chest and stomach.  Electra and Dagon gave up their places on the cot and substituted thick blankets on either side of the man.  
A few minutes later Electra was thrilled to see the old man's eyelids flutter open.  He looked around and tried to speak.  She gave him a spoonful of the Echinacea and a few sips of chamomile tea before he lapsed back into a deep sleep.
Laleh, Juanita, Esmeralda and Isa sat on cots around the clinic watching the patient, hoping he would wake up long enough to explain the mystery of his appearance in Helsop.
Electra considered how best to turn this unfortunate situation into a learning experience for her students.  She gestured to her students to gain their attention.  
"We should have someone with this man at all times.  Juanita and Esmeralda, perhaps you could take the first shift.  Keep watch and if he regains consciousness, one of you come and find me.  The other can stay here and give him as much warm tea as he is able to swallow.  Do not force too much on him.  In a few hours Laleh and Isa will take your place while you sleep.  If anyone has questions, one will stay and the other will come to ask me."  She looked around.  "What happened to Odval and Magsa?"
Isa shrugged.  "They must have gone back to the school after they delivered the tea."
"I will find them, but I am reluctant to give them a turn at watching the patient.  I never know how well they understand my instructions."  She pressed her hand to her patient's chest before leaving.  He did seem a little warmer.  "Keep changing the leather strips as they lose their heat."
As Electra headed for the school she saw Dagon walking toward her.  He waved a rolled scroll with a red wax seal in his hand.  The red seal meant a message from Fernland.
Dagon handed her the message.  "This just arrived from Fernland.  It is for you."
Electra took the scroll, broke the seal with her fingernail and unrolled the paper.
She read through the long message silently before handing it to Dagon.
"I've been expecting this," she said.
Dagon read the message aloud.

My Darling Electra,
We heard with dismay from Avor the news that you and Dagon have set a date for your wedding, although a date to coincide with the completion of your castle in Helsop is lacking in specificity.  Your father and I are of course very happy, though we would have been happier had you told us in person.  Be that as it may, we must go on to the planning phase.
A royal wedding is an event of far-reaching significance, as I am sure you must realize.  Neighboring heads of state must be invited and the invitations must be sent early enough to allow said heads of state time to adjust their busy schedules accordingly.  You and Dagon must come to Fernland as soon as possible so as to set these wheels in motion.
As it happens, we will have emissaries from some of our neighbors in attendance for the buzkashi exhibition that will take place here in five days' time.  Avor said that he invited Dagon to attend already so I hope you are both on your way to Fernland as I write.  If not, you really must delay whatever business keeps you there and come at once.  I cannot emphasize too much how important these wedding plans are to Fernland, and of course how important they are to your father and me.
I will not breathe easy until you both arrive here safely.

In Fondest Hopes,
Your mother, Delphinia

Electra frowned.  "I suppose we were naive to expect a simple ceremony here in Helsop."
"I suppose we were.  Are you able to take a few days away from your school?" Dagon asked.
"I've only just begun to teach, but this note leaves me little choice.  I am more worried over leaving my new patient."
Dagon nodded.  "Let us see if he survives the night.  If so, perhaps he will regain strength in your students' care.  I think Isa at least can be counted on to nurse him back to health."
Electra took a moment to consider her choices and finally nodded.  "All right.  We will leave in the morning.  I will give instructions and put Isa in charge."  She took a deep breath.  "I do not look forward to this planning session with my parents."
"Nor do I," Dagon agreed.  "But if it results in a wedding, I will do it gladly."  He smiled and raised his eyebrows in an expression that finally made Electra smile as well.

Chapter 14 

Fernland

Dagon and Electra arrived in Fernland mid morning after a three day trip from Helsop.  Rain slowed their progress the second day, turning the road to mud. They arrived tired and sodden.
"I'm going to bathe and change clothes before lunch," Electra said.
Dagon slid off his mud-caked saddle.  "If I have access to water, I will as well.  I never know what sort of lodging to expect when I arrive in Fernland.  It seems to depend on how our relationship is viewed at the time."
Electra smiled.  "Perhaps I should not be so sure of my welcome either.  I believe my parents are annoyed with me for announcing our wedding date by way of a message from Avor."
"Good luck to us both then.  I will see you at lunch."
Electra headed for her room in the castle and Dagon followed a porter to whatever room had been assigned to him.
Electra was relieved to find the hall empty and her bedroom door unlocked.  Soldiers manning the forest towers would have signaled their progress along King's Highway, so Electra was certain her parents had been informed of their arrival.  She quickly threw off her muddy riding clothes and washed her face and arms.  She had just donned a new dress when her mother knocked at the door and called out to her.
"Electra, are you here?"
"I am."  She opened the door and gave her mother a hug.
Delphinia stepped away and looked at her.  "You are already changed.  I could order hot water for a proper bath."
"No need.  I arrived quite bedraggled but the basin of water was sufficient."
Delphinia continued to stare at her daughter.  "I can scarcely believe my daughter is already grown and ready to wed.  So many years have been stolen from us."
Electra nodded.  "Then we shall both live to a very old age to make up for it."
Delphinia tried to smile, but her eyes welled with tears.  "Yes.  That is exactly what we must do."  The Queen moved farther into the room and looked around it.  "Will you want to keep this room for the two of you once you are wed?  We could find a larger room."
Electra blushed as she considered her mother's question.  "I'm sure this room will suffice."
Delphinia pressed her hand to Electra's blushing cheek.  "Look, now I've embarrassed you.  Forgive me."
Electra shook her head.  "Of course you have not.  It is just that I never considered how certain things will change once I am wed."
"It is true.  Everything changes once a woman marries.  And even more so as children come along.  But such changes are to be welcomed.  I hope your wedding will be a joyous occasion for all.  We will make sure it is."
Electra squeezed her mother's hand.  "I am fortunate to have your expertise with such events.  I am afraid that left to my own devices my wedding would be a very simple affair."
Delphinia gave a knowing look.  "And that would be more to your liking, I am sure."  Her mother's lips moved up at the corners.
"Perhaps," Electra admitted.  "But I am aware that my royal status comes with obligations.  I put myself in your hands."
"Come along then," Delphinia said, taking Electra's hand.  "We will discuss the preparations after lunch.  We have the Caliph and Bataar as guests today."
Electra stopped short.  "The two of them together?  Isn't that dangerous?"
They both knew the Caliph and his people had escaped Taz in ships moments before the Great Khan captured their city.  Had they not been warned that the Barburee soldiers had discovered a tunnel under their city, the Taz people would have been murdered in their sleep.
Delphinia shook her head.  "Bataar has no reason to suspect they are former inhabitants of Taz.  The Caliph always speaks English when he is with us.  For some reason Bataar has been anxious to speak with the Caliph from the time he arrived with his buzkashi team.  He says he wants to meet the man in charge of the boat builders."
They entered the family dining hall and found Dagon, Bataar, Avor, the Caliph and King Geoffrey already seated around the table. 
"You should have begun without us," Queen Delphinia said.  "So good of you all to join us."  She smiled at her guests.
Plates of food were quickly brought in and a few minutes passed before conversation replaced the sounds of eating utensils.
Avor glanced at Electra.  "We have our first match tomorrow.  Will you and Dagon be there?"
Electra hesitated.  She looked at Dagon to gauge his reaction.  She thought she caught a small shrug of his shoulders.
Delphinia answered for her.  "Of course they will be there.  We will all be going."  She turned to Electra.  "You certainly plan to be here more than one day, I hope?"
"You are all going?" Electra asked.
"All of Fernland will be there," Avor answered.  "We have a practice field down by the Lake.  Many of the uh,...barge builders are on the team."
Electra nearly choked on her water, knowing her brother had almost said 'many of the Taz workers' by mistake.  She glanced at Bataar but he seemed preoccupied with other thoughts.  
Bataar caught the eye of the Caliph. "You have men build ships?"
The Caliph kept his voice steady.  "Yes, my men are master ship builders.  We are employed to build a barge for King Geoffrey."
"Then where you go after?"  Bataar persisted.
"Then we will perhaps take another commission," the Caliph said.
"You come Taz—build ships for Great Khan?"
Even the Caliph was speechless for a moment at this unlikely turn of events.  He cleared his throat.
"That might be a possibility.  We have another possible commission from a group of tea traders in China."
Bataar sneered.  "Great Khan pay more.  Give houses in Taz for workers."  Bataar pointed a finger at the Caliph.  "You come Taz.  See.  Maybe you like work there better."
"You are most kind."  The Caliph's voice croaked a little as he tried to suppress whatever emotion he was feeling.  "I will speak to my men about your offer."
Bataar went back to his eating.  "Good."
King Geoffrey's mouth was hanging open.  He realized this and quickly snapped it shut.  "It might be some time before the barge is finished,"  he said.
King Geoffrey seemed to be bothered by Bataar's offer of a commission to build ships in Taz.  Although he had complained bitterly about having to take in the refugees from Taz and pushed them to find a new homeland as soon as possible, now that two different countries were vying for their services, he seemed to be having second thoughts on the matter.  "The Caliph and I have not yet established a definite time table," he added.
Queen Delphinia looked at her husband with interest.  "Perhaps we might require more than the barge?"
King Geoffrey rested his head on his knuckles as he considered.  He surveyed the members of his family but seemed to find no help there.  He looked down at his plate.  No help there either.  Then he glanced at Dagon.  "I suppose Helsop might be interested in placing an order as well, what with your people being traders and all."
Dagon looked as though he might laugh, but was able to quickly substitute a serious expression.  "Certainly a ship would be a most welcome addition in expanding our trade."
Electra wondered if her father and her fiancé had both lost their minds.  Helsop had no money to commission a ship and no connecting waterway on which to sail it.
"Yes.  We should perhaps discuss that possibility.  But for now we must leave the women to discuss wedding plans."  King Geoffrey looked at his daughter.  "I know your mother has a number of questions for you."
King Geoffrey stood up and the other men stood as well.  As Dagon made ready to follow them out of the dining room, Queen Delphinia called him back.
"Dagon, I need you to stay as well.  Just for a few moments."
Dagon bowed reluctantly and took his seat while the other men escaped through the door. 

Queen Delphinia shook her head.  "I'm afraid we must choose a firm date for the wedding.  When would you estimate that your castle will be completed?"
Dagon tipped his head back and looked at the ceiling.  "If all goes as planned, four months?"
Delphinia rested her chin on her fingertips.  "Four months," she mused.  "That is not much time, but it could possibly be done."
"We could make it a little longer," Electra suggested.
Dagon looked alarmed.
"Or not," Electra quickly added.
"Four months would make it summer.  Summer is good for traveling," Delphinia continued.  "I want to accede to your wishes as much as I am able.  I had thought the wedding should take place here in the castle.  Does that meet with your approval?  With a reception in the afternoon, perhaps out of doors to allow more Fernlanders to attend?"
Dagon looked at Electra.  Electra shrugged.  
"Whatever Electra wants is fine with me," he said.
Delphinia nodded.  "In that case I suppose we might carry on, just the two of us, if you have other things to attend to."
Dagon breathed a sigh of relief and made for the door.
Electra breathed a different sort of sigh—one of resignation—and settled down for a long discussion.

Chapter 15

King's Lake in Fernland  
 
The day of the buzkashi exhibition match at King's Lake dawned clear and chilly—perfect weather for the demanding game.  The goat carcass that every player would vie for, was ready on the sidelines.  Avor's team had been practicing for months.  Although the Taz men were sailors and ship builders, they were familiar with the game and they expected to hold their own against the Barburee nomads.  A few hoped to do more than hold their own.  The Great Khan of Barburee had stolen their city and scattered their families.  The Barburee team had no idea they would be playing against the men who had built Taz from the ground up.
Three Taz leaders huddled together on the sidelines, speaking rapidly as they glanced around nervously, making sure they were not overheard.
Haddad glared at his brother, Physician Rabar, and his father, the Caliph.
"But this is preposterous.  We cannot return to Taz to build ships for the Great Khan.  We might as well have taken the offer brought by his generals years ago, and surrendered.  It would have been the same.  We would be his slaves and he could demand we leave whenever he felt like it."
The Caliph put up his hand to calm his angry son.  "It would not be exactly the same.  The Great Khan has no idea that we are the ones who fled in the night to escape being killed.  We would negotiate a fair price for our labor, or we would not go at all.  Bataar has already promised to outbid the tea traders in China and he does not even know what they will offer."  The Caliph's face took on a philosophical expression.  "The winds of war blow where they will.  The Great Khan may suffer defeat at the hands of other enemies.  Then we would be left to re-establish ourselves in Taz."
Physician Rabar listened to both men, nodding occasionally.  He shrugged before speaking.  "It is true.  No one knows what the future holds.  Fate could smile on us or frown.  Perhaps it would be better if we divide ourselves between two or even three places.  I myself would prefer to return to Taz where I could resume my work on tumor research with herbs familiar to me.  If our plan for taking back Taz does not work out, we could rejoin Haddad here or move on to China."  He looked at his father with questioning eyes.
The Caliph smiled at his son.  "You have become very wise, I think.  What say you Haddad?"
"It sounds good—how it will work out in practice?  That is another story.  I would worry for your safety in Taz."  Haddad looked out at his ship builders from Taz, now  warming up on the field.  They rode up and down on the big Fernland horses that dwarfed the agile little horses brought by the Barburee team.  "I am worried too, about some of our buzkashi players.  There has been talk about unseating Bataar and laughter about unfortunate accidents that might take place in today's match."
The Caliph's face reflected his alarm.  "That must not happen.  I will speak to them before the game begins."
At that moment a trumpet fanfare sounded and the goat carcass was hauled onto the field in a cart.  Two men pulled the cart to the far end of the field and dumped the carcass.  Bataar's blue team members rode around the field once to applause from a huge crowd of Fernlanders and visitors who came out of curiosity to witness this new sport.  Avor's red team followed the blue team around the field.
The twenty riders gathered in a large circle facing the goat carcass and jostled about on their horses to get into a good position to scoop up the goat and carry it down the field.  As the trumpet fanfare ended a large collective gasp came from the onlookers.  The players had all gone crazy.  They began shoving, kicking, using their whips on other players, fighting their way into the circle to reach down and grab the carcass from the ground.  The buzkashi match had begun.

From their place on the platform, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia stood up, shocked and appalled at the free-for-all taking place on the field.
Queen Delphinia stared at Electra, aghast.  "Is this normal behavior?"
Electra nodded.  "Yes, I'm afraid so.  In fact, they are likely on their good behavior since this is only an exhibition game."
Dagon stood as well, looking on with renewed interest.  "I had no idea," he murmured.

The Barburee players actually had an advantage with their shorter horses.  They could more easily reach down to grab the stump of a goat leg and swing the heavy carcass up onto their saddles.  When the dust cleared, it was a Barburee player who burst from the pack with the carcass and took off galloping down the field to round the posts at the other end.
The Fernland team, with their larger horses quickly outdistanced the Barburee team and turned them aside before they reached the posts.  The player who had been pushed off course with the carcass quickly circled back around and handed the carcass off to a team member.  The Barburee horses were showing themselves to be much more maneuverable and much more experienced at the game.
One of the Fernland players, whip in hand, was galloping down the field towards Bataar.  Two other players joined him.  Avor seemed to sense an ambush and he galloped in from the side to turn their horses away before they ran down an unsuspecting Bataar from behind.
"What's Avor doing?" Dagon asked Electra.  "He's turning his own team aside."  Dagon's voice held a slight irritation, and it was obvious he hoped Fernland would beat the visitors at their own game.
Electra frowned at Dagon.  "He is likely saving his players' lives.  Bataar would not stand for being trampled from behind when he is not in possession of the carcass.  I believe there must be a few rules to this insane game."
Dagon made a sound like 'hummp' and stayed silent.
After Barburee scored the first point, a brief intermission was called while the old carcass, now hanging in tatters, was replaced with a new one 
Haddad and the Caliph huddled with the Fernland team.  Haddad shook Avor's hand.  One of the players who had tried to run down Bataar was his own son, Javed.  Haddad looked sternly at the three young men.  "We may have an opportunity to retake Taz peacefully, posing as ship builders from another land.  But not if you let Bataar see that we hate him."
Haddad spoke in the Taz language, but Avor was able to make out the gist of it.  He was glad to hear that Haddad did not approve of the plot to injure Bataar.  Still, they all knew buzkashi was a rough sport and injuries could not be completely prevented.
Haddad finished his speech with a cautious smile of encouragement and the Fernland players clung to their bravado.
"Let's show them we can grab the goat as well as they," Avor shouted to his team in the Taz language as they took the field again.  The players hooted and cheered as they approached the goat carcass.

Queen Delphinia watched, pale and shaken, as Avor took his place around the circle.  She turned to her husband almost tearfully.
"I am afraid someone will be badly injured.  Do you think it might be wise to stop further play?  We have all seen how the game is played now."
King Geoffrey looked as though he had been expecting this and had his answer ready.  "You know we must not embarrass Avor in that way.  He is almost a man now.  He will be sixteen in a fortnight and he has been planning this exhibition for many months."
Delphinia closed her eyes.  "I know.  I know, but..."  Her voice faded off as the trumpet fanfare ended and the game resumed.

The high point of the game for Fernland took place as Avor and Javed raced across the finish line, each holding on to one leg of the goat's carcass.  Even Delphinia was cheering as her son raised his hand to acknowledge the crowd's approval.  The final score was three to one in Barburee's favor, and much to Queen Delphinia's horror, all of Fernland now had a new favorite sport.

Chapter 16

Kingdom of Henge

Serafina watched with amusement as her husband, Prince Blackwell, tried to entice Shalin to let go of her crib and take a few steps without holding on to something.
Blackwell held up one of the dolls that Electra had given the twins.  The doll was Shalin's favorite toy.
"Come here, Shalin.  Come and get your doll," Prince Blackwell urged.  He shook the doll a little to hold his daughter's attention.
Shalin stared at her father, then at the doll.  She grasped the crib with one hand and held out the other hand.  The doll flew from Prince Blackwell's hands into Shalin's outstretched hand.
"What the....?"  Prince Blackwell looked at Serafina.  "Did you put some kind of flying spell on that doll?"
Serafina looked at Prince Blackwell and shook her head.  She knew her husband did not want to acknowledge his daughter's supernatural powers.  She hoped he would accept these gifts in time but that time had not yet come.
"No, I did not." 
Prince Blackwell looked up at the painted ceiling.  "There is something wrong with this room.  I think we should relocate the nursery.  If that cat is to stay with them, they should have a larger room anyway."  He glanced at Ebony, the panther, who was indulging Esme by allowing the child to comb her fur with a rattle.
Serafina heaved a silent sigh.  This was not the time to leave the twins alone in the care of their father.  She decided she should not put off telling him any longer.
"As it happens I am planning to take the twins to Helsop to visit their sister for a time.  You might see to the nursery's relocation in our absence."
Prince Blackwell showed his surprise.  "You are taking the twins to Helsop?"
"Electra is back from her apprenticeship.  I received news of the school's opening.  She is accepting students.  I myself may journey on south for a time."
Prince Blackwell was now past surprised.  He was astounded.  "Where are you going?"
"I may have to go as far south as Manoa."
Prince Blackwell picked up Shalin as she crawled to him and placed her doll in his lap.  He seemed so distracted by Serafina's news that he hardly noticed Shalin had drawn her favorite blanket through the air to press against her cheek as she settled into her father's lap.
"But why must you go?  Why now?" he asked.
"I have gathered information from many sources.  The news is always the same.  Our previous source of white powder is exhausted.  There are rumors of another source—an island on the migratory path of huge flocks of birds.  The white powder we need for our exploding arrows can be extracted from these ancient bird droppings.  The guano would need refinement, of course.  But the factory could be erected on the island.  It is the owner of the island that is the problem."
Prince Blackwell listened intently as he gathered Shalin in close with his arm.  "How is this property owner a problem?"
"He allows no one on his island.  He is very secretive and may be deformed in some way.  He has gone to great pains to secure his isolation."
Blackwell huffed.  "I could send the army.  It should not be difficult to take an island by force."
"It may come to that, but let me make sure first that the island contains what we need.  I may be able to arrange everything without the aid of the army."
"I do not like the idea of you or the twins being gone for any length of time."  Prince Blackwell realized he was holding Shalin too tightly when she squirmed to escape his grasp.
"I hope to arrange things quickly. I do not wish to be apart from Esme and Shalin any longer than necessary.  But I do want them to know their sister well and I am sure they will be safe with her."
Prince Blackwell struggled to think of a reason to keep his family at home, but he knew a continuing supply of the white powder was of the utmost importance.  No one knew more about the white powder than Serafina, who had used it in her practice of sorcery.  He also questioned his ability to care for the twins on his own.  Much as he loved them he sometimes wondered if there might be something unusual about them, something beyond his understanding, not that he had much experience with infants. 
"I will allow it if you will promise to call for the army if you encounter resistance."
Serafina smiled.  "I will do as you say."
With this subject closed, Prince Blackwell decided to bring up a concern of his own.
"At present I am at an end of my patience with my father over this theatre business.  Now he has ordered the workmen to build living quarters for the actors.  He has offered each of the actors a gold coin if all will stay longer in Henge.  Oddly enough it is only their leader, this one they call the thief, that seems bent on returning to Fernland.  I could order my men to stop work on the theatre, but frankly, I have enjoyed the peace his obsession has afforded me.  He rarely visits my office of late to demand we make plans for a campaign of war on Fernland.  Do you suppose he has become addled in his old age?"
Serafina hid a smile.  "It is possible he is addled.  Why else would his thoughts swing from thoughts of conquest to thoughts of theatre arts—unless..."
"Unless what?" Prince Blackwell demanded.
"Unless it is the actors themselves who are the objects of his obsession."
"The actors?  They were not even here when all this theatre mania began."
"I believe Take the Thief was here visiting the gypsy camp.  He said he was searching for information about his father."
Prince Blackwell shrugged as though that fact meant nothing to him.  "Did he find the information he sought?"
"I do not know," Serafina replied.  "You might ask your father.  Perhaps he knows."
Prince Blackwell stood up and looked wistfully at his two daughters, both busy with their play.  Esme had completed her grooming of Ebony and was now engaged in a pulling battle with her sister for possession of the blanket.
"I do not look forward to the lonely days ahead.  Are you quite sure this is the best path to take?"
"I would not do without the comfort of my family anymore than you, were it not imperative."
Serafina walked to her husband, took his hand and pressed it to her lips.  "I will return as soon as I am able, I promise you." 

Chapter 17

Helsop

Electra and Dagon arrived back home in Helsop at sunset.  Queen Delphinia had  offered them the use of the royal carriage, but so many guests had come for the buzkashi match it was not hard to convince her that she and King Geoffrey needed the carriage to drive their many guests to and fro.  Plans for a mid summer wedding were now set.  Electra and Dagon could invite as many as they wanted from Helsop and Queen Delphinia would attend to Fernland's royal obligations with respect to invitations.  It was sure to be a grandiose affair.  Too grandiose for Electra's taste, but at least she was free from the obligation to plan and pay for it.  All in all it had been a very successful trip.
Dagon slid from his horse and bent backwards to loosen cramped muscles.  "It is good to be home," he said.
Before Electra could respond, her attention turned to a figure running toward them from the clinic.  It was Dagon's sister, Isa.
Isa caught her breath.  She grabbed Dagon's sleeve.  "It is good you are back.  Our patient is conscious and he is asking for you."
"For me?" Dagon asked in surprise.  "I am sure I do not know him."
"He says he is your cousin."
"My cousin?"
Isa headed for the clinic pulling her brother along with her.  "You must come.  I do not know how long he will remain conscious."
Electra caught up with Dagon, and tired as they were from their long ride on horseback, they both ran to the clinic behind Isa.

Juanita and Esmeralda stood on either side of the old man's cot, watching him and listening to the faint words that escaped from his lips.  They stepped away from the cot as Dagon approached.
He leaned over the cot.  "I am Dagon—you wished to speak to me?"
The old man smiled and blinked his eyes rapidly.  "Dagon, old friend."  Then his smile wavered.  "You look like Dagon but you can not be.  You should be old now—like me."
Dagon patted the old man's arm, thinking he must be imagining things in his weakened state.  Then a thought came to him.  "I was named for my grandfather, ....perhaps..."
The old man's eyes opened wide.  "That is it.  You favor him.  I must speak to your grandfather."
Dagon shook his head sadly.  "I never met my grandfather.  He was one of the first ones who settled here.  He came as a young man.  All those first ones are gone now.  Even my father is gone."
The old man's face fell.  "I expected as much.  I knew it was likely useless—this whole long voyage.  I just did not know what else to do."
"Why did you seek to find my grandfather?" Dagon asked.
"I thought he might be able to help.  Dagon was so strong and courageous as a boy.  He was the one who convinced the others to leave."
Dagon pulled a cot closer to sit near the old man.  "I never really knew why my ancestors settled here or why they left wherever they came from.  So many starved early on.  We have always struggled to survive here."
"It is a long story.  We who stayed behind lost some of our freedom, but we were well enough.  We thought we had made the right decision—until now."
"Are you strong enough to tell the story?" Dagon asked.
"My story is all I have left to offer," the old man said.  "I will tell it."
Dagon glanced at Electra and patted a spot next to him on the cot.  She sat down beside him.
Isa, Laleh, Juanita and Esmeralda pulled a cot close on the other side of the old man.  They all settled in, excited to hear the old man's story.
The old man lay with his head back, staring into the past as he began his tale.
"We were a village of tool makers and blacksmiths living close by a mountain rich with iron ore.  We sold tools and swords up and down the river.  Our wares were highly regarded, especially by King Alba, who kept a good number of guards and retainers to protect him.  All was well.  Our village prospered.  Then King Alba died and his son, Endor took over.  King Endor decided to build a new castle close to our village."
The old man closed his eyes.
Electra leaned over and lay the back of her hand on his forehead.  "Perhaps you should rest for a time.  We will hear your story later."
The old man's eyes popped open.  "No.  It must be now if the others are to have any chance."  He took a sip of water from the cup Isa held to his lips and continued.
"King Endor was ambitious.  He increased his army and his territories.  He told us we must work only for him.  He needed all the weapons we could make.  He treated us well enough but would tolerate no dissent.  We were no longer free to make what we wished and sell up and down the river."
"Dagon and a few others began to plan to leave secretly.  The rest of us were afraid.  What if King Endor hunted us down?  He would surely kill the ringleaders—perhaps all of us.  Dagon did not care.  He said he would not live as a slave.  Death would be better."
"They left one night under cover of darkness—a few families and others who felt as your grandfather did.  They numbered about fifty in all.  They did not tell the rest of us where they were going, but we knew they would head for Cold Lake where King Endor was unlikely to follow.  The King threatened us when they left but we could not tell what we did not know."
"Perhaps they were not so wise to leave," Dagon said.  "Conditions here in Helsop were harsh."
The old man nodded his agreement.  "We thought we had chosen wisely for many years.  We became used to our servitude.  But then the unexpected happened.  King Endor's army was defeated.  We were taken over by Vagans.  Have you heard of them?"
Dagon shook his head.  "I have not.  This is why you have come?"
The old man nodded slowly.  "The Vagans are river pirates.  They are merciless.  They've raided most of the the kingdoms along the Voltas River network.  They sack and pillage.  Only our ability as smiths and toolmakers saved our lives.  But this time our masters are not so benign as King Endor.  He was one of the first to die at their hands."
"How did you escape?" Dagon asked.
"I am too old to work now.  I was out in my small boat, fishing, when the raiding party struck.  They must have poisoned the army's food.  Most of our soldiers were too weak to fight.  The Vagans killed everyone in the castle—women, children, they did not care.  Then they separated the villagers.  Our women and children work in the castle as servants to the Vagans.  Our men are chained together to work in the mines or at the forges.  They dare not complain for fear of what the Vagans will do to their families."
The old man was exhausted from telling his story and distraught from remembering his villagers' plight.
Dagon put his hand on the old man's shoulder.  "Thank you for telling this story, my cousin.  What is your name?"
"I am Leif," the man said as he closed his eyes in sleep.

Chapter 18

Helsop

After hearing Leif's story, Electra tried to stay busy.  She brought her students into the back room of the clinic where her herbs, tinctures and teas were stored.  She went over the herbs' properties and uses, quizzing her students on the smell and appearance of each.  She tried to keep from thinking about what Leif's story would set in motion, but she could not.  Finally she asked her students to roll up a supply of bandages and went to find Dagon at the command post.
As she opened the door to the post, Dagon looked up with an expression of sorrow.  Electra's expression matched his as she took the chair in front of his desk.
"You know I must go," he said softly.
Electra nodded.  All the reasons she thought might keep him from going were to no avail.
"I wish I had the ship your father urged me to order from the Caliph," he continued with a smile.
For a second, hope filled Electra's eyes.  Would he wait for a ship to be built?  That could take a year or more.
"I thought perhaps I could rig the rafts with sails," he said.
Electra shrugged.  "I think you must devise a plan that has some faint hope of success."
"Yes."  Dagon tilted his chair back and gazed at a spot above Electra's head.  He continued in a voice that seemed far away.  "I believe when our grandfathers came here, they arrived in small boats.  These were disassembled to build the first houses for those who survived the voyage.  Since we had no boats after that, none of us has been able to explore Cold Lake.
"Perhaps father could buy some small boats and cart them here.  We could pay for them in trade," Electra suggested.
Dagon frowned.  "I am not anxious for your father to know I am gone on such a mission.  At best he would think it foolhardy and at worst he might use my absence as an excuse to negate our treaty."
"It is true, your absence will leave Helsop vulnerable," Electra reasoned, eager to enlarge on this weakness.  "It might well be foolhardy to leave Helsop without a headman."
"Certainly I have weighed this fact, but it always comes down to the same decision.  I must go."
Electra took a deep breath and sat up tall in her chair.  "I might be of some help were I to accompany you."
Dagon smiled.  "And no matter the truth of that, you know you must not go.  I had, however, hoped to leave you in charge here while I am gone."
"Me?  Why should I be left in charge?  I am a physician, not a soldier."
"Your mentor, Physician Rabar, is both a physician and a sea captain.  It is possible to be both."  Dagon fixed Electra with his gaze.  "I do not do this to placate you or to take advantage of your desire to be useful.  I think Helsop would be fortunate to have you at the helm.  I will need my best fighting men by my side if, as you say, I am to have even a faint hope of success."
Electra frowned.  "Be that as it may, it feels like an attempt to placate me."
Dagon smiled.  "Come, let us go and inspect our rafts.  Now you have spent time at sea, perhaps you can offer advice on how we might attach a sail."
Electra rose from her seat reluctantly.  "I suppose keeping me busy is a close cousin to placating me."

As they walked to the castle to view the rafts, Electra's mood darkened.  "What will I do when the workmen come to me for decisions in their castle building?  I will insist on a large room for herbs and a smaller one for weapons."
Dagon smiled.  "With your herbs to keep us strong what need will we have of weapons?"
Electra fell silent when she realized he would not be drawn into an argument.  She tried to remember what she could of the rigging on the Spirit of Taz, the ship she had sailed on to Taz, the summer before.
Dagon studied the rafts, tilting his head first to one side, then to the other.  "With a mast for a sail we will be able to rest from rowing when the winds are favorable.  At times we may run into ice or shallows that will mean hauling the rafts overland."
"When you reach this village taken by Vagans, what will you do with the enslaved people?  How will you evacuate them?"
"I think where there are river pirates there will be ships that can be commandeered."
Electra remembered Leif telling how the Vagans had poisoned King Endor's army to render them defenseless.  She thought briefly how many physician oaths she would need to break to even consider sending poison along with Dagon.
"The Vagans may feel overly safe now they have conquered so many kingdoms along the river," she said.  "You might use an element of surprise to your advantage."
"See there?" Dagon said in an encouraging tone, "You have a bit of the soldier's mind when it comes to strategy.  I will likely return to find the castle finished and my job as headman filled."
The words 'when I return' made their way into Electra's mind and sat there like a warm fire.  "You will need to secure your masts to an underpinning of boards that fasten beneath the rafts to give stability.  Your sails should be light in weight to avoid too heavy a top weight.  You might make a second level to store supplies."
Dagon's face showed his surprise at her practical suggestions.  "I can see the wisdom of these suggestions."  Dagon shifted his weight from one foot to the other.  "I wondered..."  He stopped speaking and his gaze wandered from the rafts to his feet.
"Wondered what?" Electra asked.
Dagon continued to study the toes of his boots.  "I know you have herbs that will put patients to sleep..."
Electra was thankful he had not asked for herbs that would poison the Vagans.  "I will see what I can do," she said.

Electra walked into the school of medicine and straight through to the new cabinet Dagon had made for her.  She took the key from her pocket and unlocked the door.  She pulled out dried stalks of belladonna, poppy and morning glory and set to work.

Chapter 19

Kingdom of Henge  

Prince Blackwell waited patiently in his solarium.  He had sent a messenger to fetch his father after hearing the latest report from his finance minister.  He would be fair but firm this time.  Spending on the theatre project must be reined in.
The prince heard the double tap of his father's wooden leg and cane growing near.  He stood to welcome his father to this difficult interview.
"Father.  So good of you to come promptly.  I hope I have not inconvenienced you."
"You have as it happens.  I can't stay long.  I have business with the theatre builders.  What is it you want?"  The old king frowned at his son.
"Please, have a seat.  I will be as quick as I am able."  Prince Blackwell gestured toward a chair.
His father sat down with a thump and leaned forward.  "Well?"
Prince Blackwell hesitated for a moment while he assumed a serious, yet concerned, expression.  "I spoke to our finance minister this morning."
Old Blackwell made an impatient circle with his cane—his way of saying, 'get on with what you have to say'.
Prince Blackwell's expression mirrored his irritation.  "The fact is you are spending too much on the theatre.  And this new addition to house the actors is beyond generous.  It is absurd.  I can not allow it."
Phinneas jutted his chin forward and glared at his son.  "Fine.  I will pay for their quarters with my own funds."
Prince Blackwell shook his head.  "Your funds will not cover this magnitude of expenditure."  He struggled to soften his voice.  "Why is this project so important to you?  I almost long for the days you hungered only for war."
His father's face broke into a smile.  "Nothing has changed there.  Do you wish to speak of war?"
Prince Blackwell laughed.  "No, no.  I wish to find some common ground with you.  But this theatre--it makes no sense."
Old Blackwell stared at the floor.  He seemed to be making some sort of decision.  He looked his son in the eyes.  "What if you were to learn you had a brother?"
Prince Blackwell furrowed his brow in confusion.  "What kind of brother?"  Are you telling me you share some sort of kinship of feeling with these actors?"
Old Blackwell shook his head in disgust.  "No, I'm talking about you.  What if you were to learn you had a brother?"
Prince Blackwell threw his hands in the air.  "Why are we playing this game of pretend?  Is this how you and your actors spend your time?  Imagining?  But never mind.  I will play along."  He pursed his lips together and stared into space.  "I suppose I would ask, where have you been hiding all these years, my brother, and why is there no record of your birth in the family annals?"
Phinneas stared back at his son.  "The answer would be, he has been hiding in Fernland and there is no record of his birth because he was born out of wedlock.  He is your half brother, but still my son."
Prince Blackwell's face turned pale.  His lips moved but no sound came out.  "Who is he?" Prince Blackwell finally stammered.
"Take, the leader of the acting troupe.  His real name is Phinn.  He was named for me."
"And his mother?"
"A gypsy girl who worked at the castle.  She is dead now."
"You abandoned her?"
"It was not my intention, but yes, I did."
Prince Blackwell sat silently, trying to digest this information.
"The girl, Drina was her name, she understood that I could not claim him as my son.  Your mother was still alive."  A guilty look crossed the old king's face.  "But she was ill.  She never really recovered from giving birth to you."
"I only remember her as ill," the prince said sadly.
Both men were silent for a moment.  
"Drina wanted to move away—raise the child where the past could not affect him.  I felt she was correct in that.  She did not want much from me.  I sent a soldier with a gold coin every month.  He reported back to me on how they were faring."
Prince Blackwell nodded but did not interrupt.
"I had thought to find him a place as an apprentice eventually.  He could not have been more than twelve years old when his mother died."
Prince Blackwell's expression turned to alarm.
Old Blackwell patted the air with his hand.
"I tried to find him.  That fool of a courier found out his mother was dead and decided to return with my gold coin leaving the boy behind.  I sent spies to scour Fernland.  I knew his name was Phinn.  But by then he had left home to make his own way in Fernland's marketplace.  I suppose he was able to swipe a little food here and there and that is how he got the name--Take the Thief."
Prince Blackwell looked horrified.  "And you never found him?"
"Not until he came to the gypsy camp. He sent friends to the castle to seek out anyone who might have known a man called Phinn."
"Good Heavens!  You might have told me sooner."
"Why?  I supposed he must have died as well.  I have no luck keeping those I love."
Prince Blackwell shook his head, still swimming in the ramifications of this news.  He faced his father and spoke in a gentle voice.
"So you want this theatre to keep him near you?"
Old Blackwell shrugged.  "I doubt he'll stay no matter the theatre.  I just felt I should do something for him."
Prince Blackwell felt drained and in need of time alone.  Despite his father's misery, he wished even more that the old man would give up the theatre project.  Take was a grown man now.  There was little likelihood of his becoming part of the family.
Both men looked up as Serafina entered with the twins.

She studied the dour faces of the two men.  "We have come to say goodbye.  We are ready to leave for Helsop."
"Please stay for a bit," Prince Blackwell said.  "I have something to tell you."  He took a deep breath.  "It seems I have a long lost brother."
"Take the Thief?" Serafina asked in a pleasant voice.
Prince Blackwell held his hand against his chest, as though to cushion his heart.  "You knew?"
"I suspected."  Serafina looked at the old king.  "He favors you in his physical appearance."
Phinneas nodded.  "Do not worry.  He was born out of wedlock.  He has no claim on the throne."
Serafina smiled.  "I was not worried."  She turned to face her husband.  "We will return as soon as we are able."
"You are still leaving now?"  Prince Blackwell's voice held his surprise.
"Yes.  I am taking Ebony as well.  She waits with the horses."
"But..."  Prince Blackwell seemed lost for a moment, then gathered himself and stepped forward.
"I will walk out with you."  He picked up a twin in each arm and started toward the door.  Glancing back at his father he said, "I will return shortly.  We have not finished this discussion."

Chapter 20

Village of Helsop

Dagon traced his finger along the map he was making as he sat beside Leif's cot.
"The more landmarks you can remember, the better our chances," he said.
Leif closed his eyes trying to remember.  "I saw white bears one night just at dusk.  A mother bear with two cubs following behind.  She saw me.  I was afraid she would come after me in the water.  She could have killed me easily.  Perhaps they had just eaten.  It was on the north side of the lake where a glacier dropped off huge chunks of ice as it slid into the lake.  We should stay to the south shore of the lake.  Those falling slabs of ice could overturn a boat."
Dagon did not relish telling Leif he could not accompany him back to Hammer Haven.  He was afraid Leif would stop giving him information about the route they must take, insisting that he be allowed to go along as a guide.
"It sounds as though half your thirty days on the lake were spent in forays up rivers and streams looking for settlements," Dagon observed.
"Yes, I would estimate that to be so.  If we go directly to Hammer Haven it should take about a fortnight."
"How many rivers and streams did you encounter along the south shore after leaving the Voltas River?"
"Seven that I explored but there could have been some I missed, flowing in under blankets of snow and ice."
"Did you ever have to drag your boat overland along the way?" Dagon asked.
"A few times but that was along some of the smaller streams.  We will stay on the open water of the lake.  We should be all right unless a late spring freeze hits us."
"Tell me more about the landmarks where the Voltas River meets Cold Lake."
"The mouth of our river is divided by a large jumble of rocks.  The topmost rock has the look of a bird's head and beak.  I will recognize it easily.  Then we will have a half day's journey rowing against the current to reach the castle.  It is built close to the river and the village of Hammer Haven lies just beyond the castle to the east."
Dagon nodded, making notes on his map.  "We have three rafts which we have equipped with sails.  I plan to take enough provisions for six men to last a fortnight and hope we will be lucky fishing along the way."  He paused.  "We plan to leave today."
Leif's face showed his surprise.  Nevertheless he swung his legs over the edge of the cot and struggled to sit up.  "I am ready," he said.
Dagon wondered how best to tell Leif he was too weak to make the journey.  He would only slow them down.
"I believe we have enough information from what you have told me to find your village without your guidance."  Dagon put his hand of Leif's shoulder.  "You are not sufficiently recovered to make the voyage.  And we dare not delay if we are to be of any help."
Leif pushed himself up to a standing position.  "I will not stay abed while you go to help my people."
Dagon continued to sit on the next cot while Leif struggled to remain standing.  The old man teetered from side to side, finally sitting back down on the cot to avoid falling.  Tears came into his eyes and he blotted them away roughly with his forearm.
"Rest easy, cousin," Dagon said.  "You have told us what we need to know.  If the fates are with us, we will be successful."
Dagon left quickly, before Leif could make another attempt to follow.

Electra saw Dagon leaving the clinic and ran to catch up with him.
"I saw the rafts last night.  Dorian and Tandor have done a good job with the rigging," she said.
"Yes.  We have only to load up as much food and gear as space allows and we will be ready to go."
Electra knew they were close to ready but the words still stabbed at her heart.  She kept silent while she overcame her emotions of fear and doubt.
"You will leave today?"
Dagon slowed his steps.  "I do not think our cousins across the water would be served well if we delay."  He put his arm around Electra while they walked toward the unfinished castle where the rafts waited.
"We will pull the rafts up river and into the lake. Then we should be able to catch a breeze and relax while the sails pull us east toward Hammer Haven."
"Will you bring the refugees back with you?" Electra asked.
"I hope so."  Dagon smiled.  "No doubt you will have our castle finished by the time we return, so a few people can take over my house."
Electra smiled as well.  "Just how long are you planning on being gone?"
"A month should do it, I think."
"If I were to have your castle finished in a month's time it would be a bigger miracle than you returning in a month with all your kin."
"Nonsense.  If I could finish in six months' time, you could surely finish in one."
Electra could see that Dagon did not wish to speak of the dangers that lay ahead, nor did she wish to think about them.  She knew there was a very real possibility that she would never see Dagon again—but why speak of it.
"I took the sleeping potion to the rafts this morning.  Tandor stowed it in the lead raft.  He seemed excited to be going.  More so than his father, Dorian.  I believe Dorian resents being left behind."
Dagon lips curled in a grimace.  "I know.  Do not tell him that I thought him too old to make the journey.  He may be a help to you in making decisions."
"As long as there are no military decisions to be made we will carry on.  I know you are taking Deimos and Otto in addition to Tandor.  Who else?"
"Isa's husband Olaf and Maki the Scout."
Electra stopped for a moment as she stared at Dagon.  "Olaf?  Isa has said nothing to me."
Isa, Dagon's sister was married to Olaf.  When Electra first met Isa, giving birth to her second son, her husband was imprisoned in King Geoffrey's dungeon.
"Yes, Olaf told her last night.  I urged him to stay.  They have already suffered through many months apart while he was in Fernland's dungeon.  But Olaf is my best soldier after Deimos and he knows it.  He insisted on coming along and I had no argument strong enough to dissuade him."
"I will ask Isa and the boys to stay with me at the school if they wish."

They reached the castle and Dagon gave his unfinished project a wistful glance.  Electra followed his gaze to the tripod of pulleys that lifted the rocks in a canvas sleeve to the top of the castle keep.  The outer walls of the castle were rough hewn but solid, reaching to a height of twenty feet.  The keep, which would be their future home, already rose higher than the outer walls.  It would eventually rise to a height of forty feet with a view of the entire plateau. She knew Dagon hated to leave just as the project was nearing completion and many decisions remained to be made.  Electra switched her gaze to the rafts that pulled against ropes at the river's edge.  
Dagon had taken Electra's advice and added a second level of boards to raise the men off the cold water and provide a storage space for gear and food.  Every inch of space had been put to use.  Cooking implements, furs for warmth, fishing gear, food, weapons, oars, sails—all had been carefully stowed.  Men were waiting at the ropes to tow the boats upstream and on into the lake.  It was time to say goodbye.
"I will think only good thoughts," Electra said.
"As will I."  Dagon took Electra's hands in his and squeezed them slightly.  "Thank you for the sleeping potions.  I know I had no right to ask."
Electra looked down at the ground.  "I would have done as much with or without your asking."
Dagon hugged Electra fiercely, then turned quickly and boarded a raft.
Isa came to stand beside Electra as they watched the men begin the slow trip upriver.  When the rafts were far enough away, both women let their tears flow.
"I feel in my heart we will see them again," Isa said.
Electra only nodded, unsure she could voice her feelings without losing control of her emotions.
"We will have the school to keep us busy," Isa added, looking cautiously at Electra.
Electra nodded again.
They watched until the rafts rounded a bend.  Then they turned to walk back to the school.
Juanita and Esmeralda ran toward them, pale and very upset.
"What is it?" Electra asked quickly.  "Is it Leif?"
"No," Juanita whispered.  "We need a place to hide.  Serafina has come with her twins and her panther.  She is waiting at the school."
Electra was shocked out of her sorrow.  "Serafina?  Here?"
Esmeralda shook, her eyes wide with fright.  "She may kill us if she sees us.  We snuck out the back of the clinic when we saw her arrive.  You have to help us."
Electra tried to calm the girls.  "I'm sure she has only come for a visit."  She considered for a moment where she might send the girls.  "Go stay in Dagon's house until I have a chance to speak to her."
Both girls ran off quickly.
Isa's face betrayed her suspicion.  "It seems an odd coincidence, her arriving just as our best soldiers are leaving."
"I'm sure it is only that—a coincidence," Electra replied.
She thought to herself—why would Serafina bring the panther along if it is only a visit?

Chapter 21

Helsop 

Electra found Serafina standing beside the dining table in the school of medicine.  The twins stood beside her, keeping their balance by clinging to fistfuls of her cloak.  Electra hugged her surrogate mother tightly, feeling the fear and loneliness of Dagon's leaving begin to drain away. 
"It is so wonderful to see you.  And you have brought my sisters."  She dropped down to one knee to kiss each of them on the cheek.  She looked up at Serafina.  "They stand on their own now."
Serafina reached down to cup the backs of their small heads in the palms of her hands.  "As long as they have something to hold on to for balance."  Serafina glanced out the window by the dining table.  "Was that Juanita and Esmeralda I saw running from the clinic when I arrived?"
"Yes," Electra said.  "They were afraid you would kill them if you saw them."
Serafina made a clucking sound and her expression showed distain.  "If I had wanted to kill them they would be dead."  She leaned forward and studied Electra's face.  "You have been weeping."
Electra turned away, embarrassed.
"Silly of me, isn't it?  Dagon has just left on a mission of mercy that may be his undoing."  As these words spilled out a new round of tears followed.  Electra laughed as the wet trails ran down her cheeks.  "I do not know what has come over me."
Serafina tilted her head and raised her eyebrows.  "You love him."
"I suppose I do."  Electra wiped her face with her sleeve.  "We have set a wedding date for mid summer."  She did not add the words 'if he returns'.
"Tell me about this mission of mercy," Serafina said.
"It is a story of conquest and the inhumanity that often follows," Electra began.  "Would you like some tea?  Perhaps something to eat?"
"Both.  We are all hungry."  She moved to sit down at the table and the twins walked with her, holding their mother's hands.
Electra watched with fascination.  "They are walking.  Have they taken their first steps alone as yet?"
"They still need their hands held, but any day now they will take their first steps independently.  I am sorry I will not be here to see it."  Serafina sounded cheerful as she said the words, but Electra stopped short.
"Whatever do you mean?  Why wouldn't you be here to see them?"
Serafina sat down on a stool beside the table.  "I am on my way south.  I have only stopped off to leave them with you for a visit."
Electra heard a low chilling snarl and looked beyond Serafina and the twins to see Ebony lying in shadow under the dining table.  She put her hand to her heart and drew in a breath.  "Ebony!  Does she remember me?"
"Yes.  She is hungry and out of sorts. I decided it would be best for the twins to bring her along.  They would be too distraught were they separated from Ebony as well as me."
"I see."  Electra waited to make sure her heart was beating normally before moving.  "Let me fix us all some lunch."
Serafina stood and let the twins crawl under the table.  "The girls can play with Ebony.  That will settle her down.  I will bring in her food."

With the panther full of red meat and the twins full of milk, mashed squash and applesauce, all three napped under the table.  Shalin slept with her head on Ebony's paw and Esme slept curled up against the cat's belly.  
Electra sat on a stool across from Serafina, ready to begin their conversation.  "Why are you headed south?" she asked.
"Our source of the white powder for exploding arrows has been curtailed.  I go to find a new source.  There are rumors of a low grade of the powder in great quantities on an island near Manoa.  I hope to gain control of this bonanza."
"You think it necessary to go yourself?"
Serafina's eyes changed from their usual green color to the dark blue-grey cast they took on when she was plotting some nefarious activity.  "Access to the island may require a delicate touch."
Electra tried to keep her tone casual.  "Might it prove dangerous?"
Serafina was not fooled by her casual tone.  "I see you still find worry a worthwhile emotion."  She lifted the cup of tea that had grown cold over lunch.
Electra shrugged.  It would be useless to deny that she was worried.  Why did the people she loved persist in dangerous undertakings?
Serafina continued.  "The man who owns the island does not welcome strangers—or anyone for that matter.  Many have tried to renew the trade in guano that once flourished, but none has succeeded."
Electra found herself intrigued by the problem.  "Have you a plan?"
"I will study the man and his habits and devise a plan accordingly."  Serafina sipped her tea.
"It seems a challenge.  Happy as I am to have the twins here for a visit, I find the problem intriguing.  I wish I could accompany you on your journey."
"You no doubt find it strange that I did not leave the twins with their father.  The fact is, I find that solution untenable."
Electra said nothing, hoping Serafina would explain.
After a brief pause, Serafina continued.  "I find it odd that Prince Blackwell accepts my own occult gifts without question, but seems reluctant to acknowledge similar gifts in his own daughters.  I believe he will accept them in time, but that time is still in the future."
Electra saw that Prince Blackwell's denial of the twins' abilities was a deep concern for Serafina.  "Of course he will, in time.  Ah..., what sort of abilities have shown themselves?"
Serafina put her tea cup on the table and looked at Electra with a piercing gaze.  "They are able to plant suggestions or requests in the minds of people or animals.  This you have already experienced yourself.  They are able to draw objects to themselves through the air.  Again, you know this to be true.  At present they only call objects they can see, but in time they may learn to view distantly.  This is an ability I have heard rumored, though I have not yet encountered it firsthand.  If this is the case, they may be able to combine long distance viewing with their ability to call objects through the air."
Electra gulped down a sip of tea.  "These are powerful gifts if your suspicions bear out."
"Yes, they are powerful enough to engender fear and hostility," Serafina confirmed.  "They are also able to read Ebony's mind.  Whether that will translate to reading human minds that form thoughts in words as well as pictures—I do not yet know."
Electra looked at the twins, sleeping peacefully on Ebony's warm body and a chill of fear for their safety went through her.
"Should I try to hide their gifts from my students?"
"Use your own judgment.  It might be wise to shield them from Juanita and Esmeralda.  Their displeasure with me may move them to retaliate against the twins."
"Of course.  I will keep them close both for safety and for the joy of their company.  They have come at a time when I am grateful for the comfort of family." 
Serafina nodded.  "A happy coincidence.  But enough of my  concerns.  Tell me of this mission of mercy that Dagon has deemed important enough to leave Helsop defenseless and his fiancé unprotected."
"Actually he has left me in charge." Electra spoke with a hint of pride.
"One wise decision does not balance a hundred poor ones," Serafina proclaimed.
"It turns out that the people here in Helsop have a history of sorts," Electra began.
She told the story in detail from the time Leif arrived, close to death, to Dagon's departure on a raft.
Serafina listened to each detail with interest.  "What did you use for your sleeping potion?" she asked.
  "Belladonna, poppy, morning glory and chamomile in ascending proportions," Electra replied.
"You are aware the Vagans will awaken after several hours?"
"Yes.  I have taken an oath as a physician to do no harm."
Serafina shrugged.  "If Dagon succeeds in bringing his relatives here, the Vagans may follow."
"Yes.  We will need to prepare for such a reprisal."
Electra saw the futility of allowing the Vagans to survive only to risk their eventual revenge, but an oath was an oath.  And oaths aside, she was not a murderer.
"Has Helsop mastered the crafting of exploding arrows?" Serafina asked.
"I believe we have," Electra replied.  "I have heard explosions coming from the archery field, but I have not spoken of it with Dagon."
Serafina changed the subject.  "How goes your recruiting of students to the school of medicine?"
"I have five now.  Juanita and Esmeralda, Dagon's sister, Isa, Rabar the Physician's niece and..." she lowered her voice, "Bataar's wife, Odval."
"Bataar's first wife?  The one who tried to poison you?" Serafina asked with surprise.
"Yes.  She believes I am a witch.  She wants me to make a better fertility charm for her.  The first one I gave her resulted in a miscarriage."
Serafina smiled.  "Will you make another for her?"
"I believe I may have to if I am ever to be rid of her.  I had hoped to teach her about herbs and healthy food that would strengthen her but she resists my attempts along those lines.  She is especially reluctant to go looking for herbs in the forest."
"She likely suspects you will abandon her there to the wolves."  Serafina chuckled at the thought.
"Do you really believe fertility charms work?" Electra asked.  She knew Serafina had made and sold many when they lived together in Chase Bound.
"They absolutely work.  The more a person believes, the better they work."
Electra nodded.  "Belief is a powerful tool."  She was silent for a moment.
Serafina smiled.  "You believe Dagon will return, do you not?"
Electra returned her mother's smile.  "You know me too well," she admitted.

Chapter 22

Village of Helsop 

The next morning Serafina disguised herself as an old woman.  She carried a cane  and tied her belongings in a scarf that she hung from her shoulder.  Electra stroked Ebony's back as she watched Serafina, hoping the cat would accept her as the twin's caretaker.
"Will you go south through Fernland?"
Serafina looked up.  "Yes.  I wish to speak to traders as I travel.  I need to gather information about this island along the way."
"Do you think King Geoffrey's soldiers will be watching for you?  There is still a reward of ten gold pieces for your capture."
Serafina laughed.  "I doubt King Geoffrey expects his soldiers capable of apprehending me."
Electra supposed this was true.  He set the reward in anger for Avor's sake.  Still, she was glad of the disguise.
"Will you stay to set up a factory to refine the white powder if you succeed in gaining the rights to mine it?"
"No.  I do not wish to be gone longer than necessary.  I need to return before Prince Blackwell and his father come to blows over Take the Thief."
"Take the Thief?  The actor?  What has he to do with either of them?" Electra asked.
"It turns out the old king had a child out of wedlock.  The child's mother was a Gypsy woman and the child none other than Take the Thief."
Electra was momentarily struck dumb by the news.  "Take is old King Blackwell's son?" she finally repeated.
Serafina smiled.  "Interesting, is it not?"
"It is incredible.  Why has this divided father and son?"
"So far it has not.  But Phinneas is building an extraordinary theatre for love of his new found son and Prince Blackwell objects to this fanciful expense."
"Poor Take.  He seems always to be in the midst of turmoil."  Electra stopped short of mentioning that it was Take who had abducted her as a baby or that it was Serafina who had put him up to it.
Serafina made no further comment on Take.  She bent down to kiss the twins goodbye, told them to mind their sister and settled her scarf full of belongings high on her shoulder.
"I hope to be back by the end of spring.  If you need to send me a message I will leave directions at the purser's office in Manoa on where I may be reached."
"The twins and I will come to know each other as sisters.  We will be fine."  Electra tried to sound more confident than she felt.
Serafina gave Electra a warm hug and set off walking with a slight limp, clutching her cane.
Electra looked at the twins and wondered if they would accept her as their guardian.
Shalin's eyes were fixed on the door through which her mother had left.  Frowning, both little girls turned to Electra.  Electra found herself thinking it would be a good idea to gather both twins in her arms and run out the door to catch up with Serafina.  She suspected one or both twins had placed the idea firmly in her mind.  She bent down to Shalin's level.  "I am so sorry Shalin, but your mother will be back as soon as he is able."  
She could see Shalin's chin begin to quiver and knew she had little time to devise a distraction.  Electra only knew one small child in the village well—Isa's son, little Dagon, named after his uncle.  He was about a year older than the twins.  He would have to do.
Electra slipped Ebony's leash around her wrist, held each twin by the hand, took a deep breath and started off for Isa's house.
As Electra walked through the village with her entourage there was much slamming of doors, calling in of children and peeking out from behind closed curtains.
Isa answered Electra's knock and quickly slammed the door shut, then opened it again just a crack and asked, "Where did you get that cat?"
"These twins are my sisters and the cat is their protector.  Serafina has left the girls in my care and I dare not take their pet away as well."  She took a quick breath, realizing her voice sounded thick with pleading.  She changed to a more cheerful tone.  "I thought little Dagon might like some playmates."
Isa opened the door a little wider.  "How much do you trust the cat around other children?"
Electra sighed.  "In truth I do not know.  I could try tying her leash out here but the twins are unlikely to accept that, nor will the cat."
Isa put her finger to her chin, thinking.  "Let me take Timor and Dagon out the back.  We will tie the cat to the table and let the twins explore for a bit.  Then I will try bringing the boys back in."
Electra wanted to hug Isa, she was so happy.  "I'm afraid there is more to know."
Isa turned and yelled at her children.  "Timor, take Dagon into the garden and stay there until I call you."  She turned back to wave at Electra.
"Come in first, you can tell me the rest while they explore." 
With the cat ensconced under the kitchen table and the twins curious to explore a new space, Isa gave Electra a cup of tea.
"What more do you have to tell me?" she asked as she handed Electra a cup with a broken handle.
Electra sighed and took a sip of tea.  "The twins have unusual abilities."
Isa looked at the twins with interest.  "What sort of unusual abilities?"
A little wooden horse flew off a shelf and landed in Esme's hands.
Electra smiled weakly, as Isa stared open-mouthed at Esme.  "They can pull objects off shelves and make them fly through the air into their hands."
Isa looked from the child to the shelf and back again.  "These are Serafina's daughters?"
Electra leaned forward with a sincere expression.  "They are really very sweet."  Esme bounced the little horse up and down on the floor.  "Esme especially loves animals."
Isa frowned.  "And what might we expect from the other one?"  She fixed Shalin in her gaze.
"She might plant the idea in your mind that you should pick her up and run after her mother."
"I did have just that idea, but I believe I had it all on my own."
"Do not be too sure," Electra said, laughing.
Isa peered down at the panther, resting on the cool floor with her eyes closed.  "I think it might be safe to introduce the twins to the boys," Isa said.
Electra clasped her hands together.  "I would be so grateful."
Isa opened the back door and called to her sons.
Little Dagon smiled when he saw the little girls.  His smile turned to a frown when he saw his little wooden horse in Esme's hands.  His frown turned to curiosity when he saw the panther tied under the table.  He started toward the big cat and his brother stopped him.
Dagon is brave, like his father," Isa said.  She took his hand and led him over to the cat.  She showed him how to pet the cat gently on her shoulders.  Ebony rolled out her pink tongue and licked his hand.  Little Dagon looked up at his mother, delighted.
"I think perhaps we can all be friends."  Isa's tone was cautious.
Before long everyone relaxed.  Little Dagon and Esme played tug of war with the wooden horse.  Ebony allowed the children to pet her and lounge on her muscular body.  Timor watched Shalin carefully after witnessing a blanket scoot across the floor into her hands.  They were becoming friends.
Electra relaxed with great relief and gratitude.  Serafina was gone and the twins appeared to have survived their mother's abandonment.

Chapter 23

Kingdom of Henge

Take woke up in a soft, clean bed, wondering for a moment if he was still dreaming.  Then a wary smile crossed his face.  No, he wasn't dreaming.  He was the son of a king and he was sleeping in his own room in a castle.  He had enjoyed a good night's sleep after hearing Serafina had left the castle.  Still, a nagging feeling told him not to get too comfortable here.
His saw his clothes, washed, folded and placed on a table next to his bed.  Someone had managed to come into his room without waking him.  There was a good reason to leave.  He was becoming soft, his instincts for survival dulled by living the easy life.  That did not seem an argument that would sway his friends, however.
He dressed quickly and wondered if he was late for breakfast.  Take listened at the doors where his friends were housed and heard nothing.  He quickened his steps and ran down the stairs to the dining area.
Old King Blackwell looked up and shouted.  "There you are, Sleepy One.  You're lucky to have friends who look out for you.  I believe they may have left a bit of breakfast for you."
Take looked at the happy group of people sitting round the table—all of them plumper than they were when they arrived in Henge a week ago.
"Wait 'til ya' taste them eggs," Tom said, grinning.  "They got little bits a sausage mixed in.  Umm."
"An oranges!"  Angie's eyes were wide with amazement.  "They grow 'em indoors in big pots a dirt."
Take scooped up some eggs and an orange.  He took a seat at the table and tried to think of a gentle way to suggest it was time to leave Henge.  He looked at his father.
"You have certainly spoiled us all on this visit," he began.
"Does not have to be a visit," his father replied.  "We will have our actors' quarters finished soon and you can move in permanently.  Of course you already have your own permanent room here in the castle—you being the leader and all."  His father smiled and gave Take a wink that was obvious to everyone.
Prince Blackwell appeared at the top of the stairway and looked down on his father and the acting troupe.
"I thought I might eat with our guests this morning.  My wife and children are off on a visit so I have no one to dine with."  His tone was friendly and his father waved him down.
"Fine, fine.  Come and join us.  You met everyone the night of the performance.  You remember Take of course."
Prince Blackwell looked first at Take, then his father.  Take realized he was looking for a resemblance and finding it.  He knew.  Take wondered if he had figured it out himself or if Serafina had told him.
Prince Blackwell stuck out his hand and Take shook it, reluctantly.
"I wish we had met when we were much younger," Prince Blackwell said in a sincere voice.
Take suddenly realized that Prince Blackwell's young life must have been every bit as lonely as his own had been.
Although Take understood his half-brother's meaning, his friends looked at the Prince with curiosity.  Smiles took a break in his eating.  "Did ya think ta be an actor, growin' up?" he asked in his affable way.
Prince Blackwell laughed and glanced at his father.  Old King Blackwell seemed on the verge of saying something but instead, took another bite of bread.
Prince Blackwell poured himself a cup of tea and sat down near Take.  "I hope you have enjoyed your stay here.  I know it has done father a world of good."
Take nodded.  "He has been a most generous host."
Prince Blackwell affected a casual air. "What are your plans now?"
Take studied Prince Blackwell carefully, trying to find a clue to his real feelings.  Were they to play out this charade and keep the secret?  Was Prince Blackwell hinting that it was time for Take to move on?  He knew this would be the best course of action for all concerned.  Take affected the same nonchalance as his brother.
"I expect they are missing us back in Fernland.  The Queen there likes to entertain and she usually keeps us busy."
Take looked at his fellow actors.  "What do you say, friends—is it time we turned our thoughts to heading home?"
His friends did not seem too excited about leaving.  They had never stayed in a castle before, nor had servants to cook and clean for them.
Tom squeezed Angie's hand and turned to Take.  "Whatever you say, Take.  You brung us here an' we'll go whenever ya think it be time."
The others nodded glumly.
Old King Blackwell slammed his fork down on the table and scowled at Prince Blackwell.  "I asked them to stay here permanently.  They have living quarters here now."
The old king beseeched Take with hopeful eyes.  "Don't make a decision yet.  Wait and see the finished theatre first.  Will you do that for me?"
Prince Blackwell's jaw fell.  He put his cup down, but more gently than his father.  "Excuse me.  I just remembered an appointment."  He rose and left quickly.
Old King Blackwell acted as though nothing unusual had happened.
"Now then.  Why don't we all go out to see how the work on the theatre is progressing?  I would like to have your suggestions on how we should proceed."
As the old king headed for the door all the actors looked at one another, then at Take with questioning expressions.
Take wiped the perspiration from his forehead and shrugged.  "Family quarrel, maybe?" he suggested in a whisper.
When they reached the theatre construction, they were surprised to find all the workmen laying down their tools and walking away.
Old Blackwell thumped after them.  "Where do you think you are going?  There is work to be done here."
One of the men turned to speak to the old king.  He faced him with his eyes lowered to the ground.
"I'm sorry, sir.  Prince Blackwell just come by an' ordered us to stop work immediately."
The old king turned red in the face.  Take was afraid he was going to have a stroke or a heart attack at the very least.  He rushed up to put his hand on his father's arm.
"It's all right, really.  It is probably for the best," Take sputtered.
"It is most certainly not all right!" Blackwell shouted.  "If he thinks he can get away with this, he is sadly mistaken.  You are my son and I will say when you will leave!"
Take could hear the gasps of his friends as they stood huddled behind him.
Old Blackwell faced them with a murderous look.  "Yes, that is right.  Take, or I should say, Finn here is my son.  And I will see him placed on the throne before I let Ambrose shut down my theatre."
The old king thumped off to find Prince Blackwell as Trixie whispered fearfully, "Who is Ambrose?"
"Must be Prince Blackwell's given name," Take said absently as his eyes skittered back and forth from the theatre to his retreating father.  He thought about chasing after his father but decided against it.  He turned to his friends.
"Hurry, gather up your things.  I believe our best option is to leave quietly and quickly—without saying goodbye.  This has become a very dangerous situation." 

Chapter 24

Cold Lake

Snow continued to fall.  The rafts turned white with accumulated powder.  The wind increased in its intensity.  Only two days ago the Helsop men had wished for wind as they rowed their way across Cold Lake in balmy weather.  They had trailed fishing lines from their rafts and stopped each evening at dusk to make a fire, eat their catch of the day and wrap up in their furs to sleep on beaches or grassy hillsides.  Then the hoped-for breeze arrived.  They set their sails and stowed their oars.  A few clouds rolled in, then a few more.  The winds gathered strength, the temperature fell and a snow storm was upon them.  Dagon could hardly make out the raft directly behind him now.  They tied the rafts one to another when they realized this was not to be a light dusting of spring snow.
"We will go ashore as soon as we find a beach," Dagon shouted.  He could hardly hear his own voice over the screaming wind.
Dagon and Tandor, in the lead boat, strained to follow the shore line.  The storm had quickly turned into a 'white out'.
"Can you make out the lay of the land?" Dagon asked Tandor, leaning in close to be heard.  Tandor was the youngest member of the team and he had the best eyesight. 
Tandor shouted back without turning his head from the shoreline.  "We'd best steer to the right.  We're losing the shore."
Dagon pulled on the rudder as he tried to scrape snow from the raft before it froze solid.  It was dangerous enough without slippery ice underfoot.
"Let's chance heading for shore," Dagon yelled.  "If we go aground we may be able to jump to shore.  Too much could go wrong out here."
He held onto the mast with one hand and cupped the other around his mouth as he shouted to the men in the raft behind him.  "We're heading for shore.  Hold on in case we run aground."
The three rafts bounced to shore on waves that swelled in the wind.  Dagon rubbed his hands and arms to keep circulation going.  The cold was extreme.  He strained to see past the blinding snow.  Dagon's raft stopped with a lurch and a muffled thud.  The next two rafts quickly slammed into it. 
"Everyone all right?" Dagon shouted.
Four voices lifted over the winds.  All accounted for.
"We've hit hard ice." Dagon picked through the bags tied to the mast, looking for a hammer and spike.  "I'll test the ice for thickness.  We might be able to walk to shore from here."
The other four men stepped carefully toward the first raft, feeling for solid footing with each step.  Waves continued to push the last two rafts back and forth against one another.  Otto stepped from the third raft to the second as a wave separated the two rafts.  He grabbled empty air to keep from slipping.  Olaf hooked an arm around Otto's neck and pulled him back just in time.  Falling into Cold Lake in these conditions meant certain death.
Dagon drove a spike into the ice that held the first raft in place.  It held without splitting the ice.  He almost lacked the strength to pull his spike back out.
"I think it is thick enough to hold our weight," he called.  Dagon began going through the bags once again, pulling out kindling and blankets.  "We should bring whatever we need to wait out the storm.  Load up.  I'll go first."
Tandor grabbed Dagon's arm.  "Let me go first.  I'm the lightest."
"Not by much," Dagon argued.  "Anyway, it has to support us all eventually.  Find me the longest rope we have aboard."
Dagon scooted off the raft on his knees, jabbing at the ice ahead of him with his spike as he inched his way forward.  Tandor waited until he was out of sight, then took hold of the rope and started off behind him.  Up ahead he could hear Dagon's voice faintly.
"I'll call from shore if I make it and then you can each follow the rope.  If you hear a splash pull me in, quick."
Tandor crawled backward to the raft.  The men waited, silent, listening for a splash.  Olaf said he thought he heard a voice.  They all held their breath and cupped their hands around their ears.  They heard the faint shout.
"All ashore, all ashore."
Each man shouldered his burden.  They carried food, firewood, cooking utensils, blankets, furs, weapons and a shovel on their backs.  They clung tightly to the rope as they ventured out onto the ice, moving as blind men in the white storm.

When they had all gathered on shore, Dagon pushed forward, taking each step carefully, cautiously testing the ever changing depth of the snow beneath him.  At times he was up to his waist as he navigated a terrain full of bushy undergrowth.  His fingers and toes tingled with approaching frost bite.  He stopped to let his men catch up.
"If we can find a rock outcrop or even a tree, we might be able to rig some kind of covering that will protect a campfire."
They slogged on for a few minutes without finding anything with enough height to support a canopy.  The wood they carried on their backs would soon be too wet to be of use.
Dagon bumped into a boulder and was overjoyed to find another boulder close by.  They stretched a skin across the two rocks, dug out the snow beneath it and lay down their kindling with shaking fingers.  After several tries with a slippery flint, Dagon managed a tiny flame of tinder.  They added kindling, one small piece at a time and took turns holding their numb hands above the flames.

The Helsop men sat huddled together for body warmth, eating venison jerky and flat bread, handing around a pan of melted snow to drink.  They stared into the campfire and hoped their supply of wood would last through the night.  Dagon finished his meager meal and began to retell the story of their ancestors as Leif had told it to him.  "We won't know how many streams we passed in the storm, but if our calculations were correct we should be close to Hammer Haven in another ten days," he concluded.
Olaf cleared his throat.  "My grandfather died when I was five or six years old.  He told me before he died that we came from a land across the lake, but we must never return there."
The men listened without speaking, hoping for more, but that was the extent of Olaf's childhood memories about their ancestral land.  His grandfather's warning seemed more like a prophecy here in the freezing darkness of Cold Lake.
The campfire died out shortly before dawn.  With the first grey light they stood up to explore.  They were on the rocky edge of a sand beach which stretched a long way to the west.  Had they stepped right instead of left, they would not have found a rock tall enough to shelter them from the storm.
After scouring the beach for driftwood beneath the snow, they built a roaring fire to dry their clothes and warm their bodies.  The wind died and the snow diminished.  They set off once again toward Hammer Haven with renewed spirits. 

Chapter 25

Fernland

Serafina stood at a candle vendor's stall in the busy castle marketplace of Fernland.  She wore the clothes and face of an old woman, bent over, leaning on a cane.
"Those candles be good 'uns," the vendor insisted.  "Give ya light longer than any another you'll find 'ere in the marketplace.  Slow burnin' they are."
Serafina seemed to be thinking long and hard about her penny purchase, but in fact her eyes swept the marketplace for information.  She saw several Barburee men inspecting the wares at an archery stall.  Bataar was not among them.  She wondered why they were visiting Fernland.  She saw merchants from the south with spices and hard woods for sale.  She noticed one of King Geoffrey's archers stopping by the market on his way home from archery practice.  One of his arrows had threads attached to notches in the wooden shaft.  Threads that could hold a cylinder of explosives, she surmised.
Serafina took a thin penny from her pocket and the vendor's eyes lit up.  Then she put it back in her pocket.  "I will think on it," she said as she limped to the next stall.
She recognized Angelica at the fabric seller's stall.  The girl had a baby in a sling close to her chest.  Serafina smiled at the tiny child.  Angelica looked up and smiled herself to find someone admiring her new son.
"It's a boy," Angelica said to the old woman.  "He's just three weeks old."  She smoothed down the child's dark hair.
"A fine young lad," Serafina said.
Something in the old woman's voice drew Angelica closer.  She peered at the old woman's bent over face and saw a twinkle in the woman's green eyes.
"Serafina?" Angelica whispered.
Serafina put her fingers to her lips and pointed her jaw toward the castle gate.
Angelica followed Serafina out the gate and stopped with her at the edge of the moat.
"You are in danger here," Angelica said softly, looking around to make sure they were not being watched.  "There is a prize of ten gold pieces for your capture."  Suddenly Angelica's expression changed to one of fear.  "You are not here to take my father back to the dungeon, are you?"
Serafina pursed her lips as though she might be considering doing just that.  Then she shook her head.
"No.  Is he behaving himself?"
Angelica sighed.  "He was for a while.  He stopped drinking and moved in with Muller and me."  She paused to remember how much had happened since Serafina sent her off as a decoy to mislead King Geoffrey's spies.  "Muller is the spy who followed me on the ship to Manoa.  We got married."  Angelica smiled a mischievous smile.  "Thank you for the love charm."
Serafina sniffed.  "And now?"
"And now we have a baby."
Serafina waited.
Angelica tilted her head, then realized what Serafina wanted to know.  "You mean how is my father, now.  I'm afraid he has taken up drinking again.  First to celebrate the arrival of little Nicu's birth and now because he is lonely for his actor friends who went to Henge without him.  Muller told him he would have to move out of our house if he kept drinking so now he's bunking down in the stables near our house, but he still comes around when he knows Muller is gone."  She shook her head.  "When he wasn't drinking, he was..., quite nice to have around."
Serfina's eyes bore into Angelica's.  "He will never quit."
Angelica nodded.  "I know."  She looked at her baby with a forlorn expression.  Then her face filled with curiosity.  "Why have you come here to Fernland?"
"I am only passing through on my way south."  Serafina gazed out at the dark water in the moat.  The smell of the foul liquid wafted up in the warmth of a late spring day.  "I see King Geoffrey has the exploding arrows now."
Angelica held her baby close and again made sure no one was close enough to overhear them.  "That is a closely held secret.  Muller had to go all the way to Taz to find the powder they needed to make the little exploding tubes.  How did you find out about the arrows?"
"We have had them in Henge for some time."  She shrugged off the question.  "It is a long voyage to travel to Taz whenever you need a new supply of the powder."
Angelica nodded.  "He brought back two camels loaded with the powder.  King Geoffrey gave him a bonus.  They have a supply now that will last a long time, thanks to my Muller."
"I suppose all those vendors to the south that wish to sell their white powder to King Geoffrey will have to find a new market now," Serafina said.
Angelica could not hide her surprise.  "Muller did not know anyone in the south had it to sell.  Is that where you get your supply for Henge?" 
"We have enough of our own in Henge," Serfina lied.
Angelica looked around and saw no one watching them.  "Can you come to my house for a while?  I could fix you something to eat.  Electra says you have married Prince Blackwell and given birth to twin daughters.  You must have an important life now.  I would love to hear about it.  It is hard to believe you and Electra are both royalty now."
"Perhaps another time.  My mission now is...delicate.  It might be best if you did not make mention of my being here." 
Angelica crossed her fingers over her heart.  "I will not say a word.  Not even to Muller."  She paused and smiled.  "I was so happy when Electra told me you were not really dead.  I love my new life and I owe it all to you."  She looked down at her baby, then back at Serafina, her eyes shining with happiness.
Serafina cupped the baby's cheek in the palm of her hand.  Then she turned and limped to the drawbridge without looking back.  She crossed the bridge and turned south toward Lands End.
When Serafina reached the first curve in the road, she moved off the road into the forest and slowly retraced her steps back to the marketplace.  She kept to the shadows as she limped past the castle to the archers' practice field.  There she hid behind the shed that held the targets and archery supplies.
After the groundskeepers had made their rounds, she opened the lock in the door of the shed with a bit of wire and slipped inside.  Stacks of targets, mounds of straw to stuff the targets, boxes of metal arrow heads and bow strings littered the floor.  She sorted through the supplies but found no white powder.  She gathered enough straw together to make a comfortable bed and lay down to rest.  Come morning she would set about discovering where King Geoffrey stored his supply of the white powder.  Then she would destroy it.

Chapter 26

Kingdom of Fernland

Serafina woke up before dawn and quietly left the archery supply shed.  She moved into the cover of the forest where she could remain hidden as she watched the archery practice field.  Not much had changed from the time she lived in Fernland's  castle many years ago. 
A little after dawn the first few archers arrived at the field to begin morning practice.  They pulled targets from the shed and attached them to hay bales down the field.  They called out and joked with one another as they readied their bows and arrows.  These were the youngest archers.  They tried for distance and accuracy, placing bets with their friends.
About mid-morning more experienced archers took the field.  Serafina watched carefully as a cart, pulled by two grooms, rolled out from behind the stables.  The archers waited for the cart to reach them at the edge of the field, then they gathered around the cart and began filling one tube each from the three buckets on the cart.  The men packed their tubes carefully with less joking than the younger archers.
A young boy ran out on the field and pushed the hay bales aside.  He set saw- horses in the place of the hay bales and leaned battered poles against the saw-horses, before running off the field.
The archers stood watching on the side of the field as one man moved back for a long shot.  He had tied his little tube of powders onto an arrow and stood ready to let fly.  The same young boy ran out with a lit candle and held it to the wick that hung from the tube, then stepped away quickly.  
The arrow flew up, trailing its burning wick, and hit one of the poles which exploded on impact.  The top of the pole was reduced to hanging splinters.
The archers on the side lines cheered at the success of the shot and the next archer stepped forward to try his skill.  Serafina moved further back into the forest.  She knew what she needed to know.  She would wait now until nightfall.

An hour after sunset the castle grounds grew quiet.  The drawbridge was up and most Fernlanders were home with their families, eating their evening meal.  Serafina moved out of the forest and followed the tracks the cart had made to an area behind the stables.
Between the stables and the kennels stood the shed where oak barrels full of wine and ale were stored.  She followed the grooves made by the cart into the shed.  Next to the barrels was a new storage area, bricked in and secured with a heavy lock.  She did not need to open the lock to know this was where Geoffrey had stored his precious white powder.
Serafina studied the ground around the new storage area.  The bottom layer of bricks had been set into the ground.   She poked at the edges of the ground layer with her cane.  The foundation was only one brick deep.  She heard footsteps and quickly stepped back into the shadows.
A man with a lantern was moving toward the entrance to the wine storage shed.   A guard perhaps, posted to watch over the white powder.  As the man held up his lantern to look closer at the elevated wine barrels, Serafina could see his face clearly.  He was Shandor the fiddle player—Angelica's father.
Shandor looked around, listening to be certain he was alone.  He held his flask up to the wine barrel and opened the tap.  As  soon as his flask was filled he turned off the tap and doused his lantern.  He stood for a minute taking a long drink, then left quietly.
Serafina waited until her eyes adjusted to the darkened room, then dug a bit deeper under the foundation with her cane.  When she had a tunnel beneath the bricks she continued to gouge out a channel along the dirt until she reached Shandor's wine barrel.  She enlarged her trough a bit to make sure of a downhill slant.  Then she made little troughs from each of the remaining barrels of wine to the deeper trough.
Serafina took one last look at her network of shallow troughs, then turned on all the taps.  A powerful smell of wine enveloped her.  The little dirt troughs filled quickly and soon the floor was covered in channels of wine.  The wine slipped under the brick foundation of the new storage area to pool up inside.
As she left the storage area, Serafina wiped the soles of her boots off in the grass outside the stables.  She could still hear the wine splashing down onto the floor of the shed as she returned to the archery field to spend a second night in the archery supply shed.

The next morning before dawn Serafina hid in the forest to wait for the drawbridge to be lowered over the moat.  She heard the cries of the palace guards as they discovered first the tragedy of the lost wine and second, the horror of the ruined white powder.  She joined the crowd that had gathered to see what all the shouting was about.
Muller rushed in to view the scene and grew pale as he considered the implications.  She saw him run for the stables.  A few minutes passed and Shandor appeared outside the stables looking confused and unsteady as he glanced at the wine storage area.  He quickly headed toward the marketplace.  Serafina followed him.
Shandor did not stop to say goodbye to Angelica.  He waited at the drawbridge until the plank was lowered.  He was the first one across.  Serafina smiled.  As she had hoped, Muller suspected Shandor was to blame.  He was giving him this chance to escape King Geoffrey's wrath for Angelica's sake.  Perhaps Muller hoped no one would remember the fiddle player had been sleeping in the stables.
Serafina waited until a few more people had crossed the drawbridge, then limped her way slowly across leaning on her cane.  She turned south once again.

Chapter 27

Fernland

Take the Thief and his acting troupe friends crossed over the drawbridge into Fernland.  They headed for the bakery stall, relieved that everything appeared to be as they had left it, many days ago.
Take worried that his friends would treat him differently now that they knew he was old King Blackwell's son.  No one had said much on the subject as they traveled through the forest back to Fernland, avoiding the main road.  None of them wanted to be pawns in some royal power struggle.  They all feared that either Prince Blackwell would send soldiers to drag them back to the dungeon or the old king would send men to try to convince them to come back and live at the new theatre.  
Here in the marketplace they all felt safe.  Everyone sat quietly, letting their thoughts settle.  Bear was the first to break the silence.  He looked at Take with a sullen expression.
"Ya might a told us," he grumbled.
Take gave him a cautious look.  "You mean about the old king being my father?"
Bear's sullen look turned to irritation.  "What the stars else da ya think I mean?"
Take shrugged.  "I just did not want to tell you until I knew how I felt about it myself."
Tom's eyes opened wider.  "An' how do ya feel bout it now, Mate?"
Take shook his head.  "I still do not know.  I had an idea it might mean trouble and I was surely right about that."
Tom nodded in agreement.  "He wants ta put ya on the throne, yer old pa does."  Tom waited anxiously for Take's response.
Take laughed.  "It is more likely he will land me in the dungeon."  He paused, smiling at the idea of sitting on a throne.  "He's a crazy old fool, no doubt about that. I think he's hoping if he builds a big enough theatre we might all stay.  I do not know if it is because he likes us or because he doesn't like having Prince Blackwell in control."
Tom seemed unsure.  "What'd ya do if he could put ya on the throne?  Would ya take over Henge?"
Take seemed surprised that his friend was serious.  "It will never happen—do not even think about it.  But if it did by some weird accident,  the answer is I would not take the throne.  I do not even want to live in Henge—let alone rule it.  I just went there because he kept asking me to and because I wanted to get us all out of Fernland while Bataar and his Barburee men are visiting."
All of his friends were relieved to hear this and soon the conversation turned to questions about the marketplace.
Angie looked around at the few vendors present.  "Where's everybody got to?  This place should be hoppin' busy this time a day."
Trixie nodded.  "Must a somethin' happened ta keep people away like this."
Smiles started off towards the vendor turning meat on a skewer.  "I'll ask Manny the Butcher."
They watched as Manny spoke to Smiles with his arms and hands flying around in excitement.  Smiles shook his hand and quickly returned.
The actors bunched together as Smiles relayed Manny the Butcher's gossip.
"It be a big thing all right.  Manny says somebody left the taps on an' all the king's wine spilled out."  Smiles lowered his voice and the actors leaned in closer.  "An' where it leaked ta was the king's bags a white powder fer his explodin' arrows."
The actors gasped in horror.  
Take rested his chin on his hand as he thought about this.  "Do you suppose it was those Barburee men got wind of King Geoffrey having exploding arrows and decided to destroy his powder supply?"
Bear shook his head.  "They's supposed ta be friends now—Fernland an' Barburee."
Take looked skeptical.  "Barburee's the kind of friend you can not trust.  Might as well have a snake for a friend."
Peaches shrugged.  "Could a been some kind a accident, maybe."
Take was still thinking hard, trying to see any way this could affect the acting  troupe.  The last thing he wanted was to be ordered back to Barburee to find more white powder.
One of the King's messengers rode into the marketplace and looked around.  He noticed the actors at the bakery stall and kicked his horse to a gallop as he raced toward them.  He reined in to a quick halt and shouted down from his horse.
"The Queen wants to see Take the Thief as soon as possible.  In fact, I think you should ride back with me right now."
"What?" Take gasped.  "We just got back.  What does she want to see me about?"
"I do not know.  I've been coming here every day for a week trying to find you, so I'm not taking any chances.  Hop on the back."
Take exchanged a frightened glance with his friends and heaved himself up onto the horse.

"It is the Queen wants to see me—not the King?" Take clarified as they rode.
"That is correct," the messenger said, "And a lucky thing, that.  You do not want to be talking to King Geoffrey today."
Take did not need to ask the messenger why.  He imagined the King was in an all out fit about his white powder.
Take was ushered into the castle's kitchen to await the Queen's summons.  Instead of a summons, the Queen herself appeared in the kitchen to speak to him.  She smiled when she saw him.
"Take, thank goodness.  Finding you has been the first bit of good news we have had all day."
Take began to breathe a little easier.  "Your Highness," he said as he bowed.
"Please, sit."  She pointed to a seat at the servants table, then took a seat beside him.
"We have two very important occasions coming up.  One is Prince Avor's sixteenth birthday and the other is a visit from Prince Oswald who is the second son of King Gundar of Sandovia across the north sea.  The two occasions may actually fall on the same day.  We would be so grateful if your troupe could perform for us."  She looked at Take hopefully.
"It would be our pleasure, your Majesty," Take said with a seated bow.
"Wonderful."  Queen Delphinia clapped her hands together.  Then she stared at Take with curiosity.
"We looked for you at King's Lake, at your shed, at your friend Tom's house.  We could not find you or a single one of your fellow actors.  Have you been traveling?"
Take coughed a little, and tried to think fast.  "We took a little time to go off into the forest and try to come up with some new magic tricks," he said, twirling his hands in a vague manner.
"I have come to depend on you so much.  I was quite frantic to find you gone.  Would it be too much to ask if you were to tell me next time before you go off to the forest?"
There was just a hint of warning in the Queen's voice.
Take put his hand over his heart.  "We are flattered by your support and appreciation for our acting troupe.  In future we will make no plans to be gone until we clear it with you first."
Queen Delphinia smiled broadly.  "I do not know what we would do without you.  I will ask the cook to send back some treats for you and your troupe."
Queen Delphinia rose from her chair and Take rose as well, bowing once more as she left the room. 
As soon as she was gone, Take plopped back into his chair, took a few deep breaths, stretched out his legs and waited for the cook to bring his treats.

Chapter 28

Village of Helsop

Electra woke with a start.  Three pairs of hungry green eyes stared up at her.  Her mind suddenly filled with thoughts of giving the twins and Ebony a very big breakfast.
"Esme, Shalin, good morning."  Electra swung her feet off the cot and down to the floor.  She gave each of the girls a kiss and rubbed Ebony under her chin.
"How about a nice bath before breakfast?" she asked the twins.  Thoughts of food flooded her mind.  "All right, quit putting thoughts into my head.  Breakfast first, then baths."
She took each little girl by the hand and they headed for the kitchen.  Ebony trotted along behind.
Electra stirred the coals in the fireplace and filled the pot that hung over the fire with water for tea and mush.  She took some of the dried meat Serafina had left for Ebony and soaked it in water to soften it.  Esme and Shalin watched her every move in much the same way she herself had studied Serafina's every move when she was a young girl growing up in Chase Bound.  She remembered a song Serafina had sung to her and began to sing it to Shalin and Esme.
"When we go into the forest today..."  She paused when she saw the twins' smile.  They obviously knew the song.  She continued to sing.  "Mayhap we will see in the forest today—young Mr. Rabbit."
One or both of the girls sent a picture of a rabbit to Electra's mind.  They recognized the word.  She took up the song once again.  "Mayhap we will see in the forest today—young Miss Fox."  A picture of a fox jumped into her mind as the twins squealed with joy.
Electra continued the game as he sang of young Mr. Deer and old Mr. Bear.  When she sang of young Miss Wolf, no picture came to mind.  The twins had not as yet seen a wolf, evidently.  Electra stopped to consider how accurate the pictures of the previous animals had been.  She wondered if the twins were capable of perfect recall.
Electra set the girls on the dining table and took turns spooning mush and applesauce into their mouths.  When they lost interest in eating more she set them down to play with Ebony and quickly ate a bowl full of mush herself.

Isa came through the door of the school holding Little Dagon by the hand.  Esme stood up and shrieked when she saw Little Dagon.  She took a few tottering steps toward him.  As soon as Shalin saw what was happening she stood up and walked forward as well.
"Esme!  Shalin!  You are walking!"  Electra pulled both girls close for a hug.  "I am so proud of you both."
The girls broke away and babbled some incomprehensible words to Little Dagon.
Isa laughed to see how excited the girls were about Little Dagon's visit.
"Young Dagon woke up this morning and his first words were, 'go see big cat'."  She leaned down and gave each of the children a wooden spoon and a tin cup.  They all began to play with their new toys.
Electra poured tea for Isa and herself.  They sat down with their steaming cups as dawn broke in the east.
Electra looked out at Ice Mountain.  "I thought we might try again to go on an expedition into the forest.  I had hoped to introduce herbal medicine from the ground up, so to speak, but one thing after another has kept us from learning to identify herbs where they grow."
Isa looked down at the three children playing under the table.  "Will we take the children?"  She paused.  "And the cat?"
Electra watched as Ebony dropped a doll at Esme's foot.  "I suppose it would be easier to take them than to find someone willing to watch them.  We could put Ebony on a leash."
Isa laughed.  "I doubt a leash would stop her if she had a mind to go her own way."
Electra nodded.  "As long as the twins are with her, she will stay close."
Isa drained her tea cup.  "I will rinse the dishes and then go tell the students to dress for the forest."
Isa and Electra stopped talking as the sound of a horseman outside the school caught their attention.
"Another student for the school?" Isa glanced hopefully at the door.
Electra checked under the table to make sure Ebony was not prepared to attack as she moved to the door.  She opened the door just enough to slip through, then closed it behind her as she stepped outside.  She recognized the uniform of a messenger from Fernland.
"Good morning," she said.  "Have you news from Fernland?"
The soldier dismounted and saluted smartly.  "Your Highness," he said as he handed her a rolled message.  "I am ordered to await a response."  He stood with his feet apart and his hands behind his back—his waiting pose.
"Would you care to come in and have tea while you wait?" Electra asked.
The man hesitated, then nodded.  "You are most kind, Your Highness."
Electra introduced the messenger to Ebony before offering him a stool at the dining table.  The man looked as though he wished he had waited outside.  He sat at the table, uncomfortable, keeping one eye on the panther as Electra poured tea.
Juanita and Esmeralda walked in, yawning and rubbing their eyes until they saw the handsome young messenger.  They moved closer eagerly, then stopped again as they spied the big cat and the children under the table.  Juanita walked into the kitchen and whispered to Electra, "Is Serafina still here?  We were told she left."
Electra shook her head.  "No, she is not here.  She left yesterday.  But I am watching the twins and Ebony for her until she returns.  She told me she is not interested in killing either of you."
Juanita turned her attention back to the dining table and frowned when she saw that Esmeralda had already taken a seat next to the young messenger.  She fluffed her long black hair and put on a smile as she joined them for tea.
Electra broke the red seal on her message and unrolled the scroll.  It was from her mother.

My Darling Electra,

The day has finally come.  Your brother Avor will be turning sixteen in four days' time.  You and Dagon must come as soon as possible to help celebrate the day.  We may have a visiting  royal as a guest.  We have planned a wonderful celebration and of course your friends from the acting troupe will entertain.  Only say you will leave at once to join us and our joy will be complete.

With love and anticipation,
Your Mother, Delphinia

Electra grimaced as she pressed her hand to her head.  Then she noticed the messenger had left off staring at Esmeralda to consider Electra's reaction to the message.  She kept a neutral expression on her face as she considered her options.  The messenger would report to King Geoffrey and she did not want him to report that she seemed annoyed by the invitation.
What excuse could she give for declining the invitation?  If she were to go alone how would she explain Dagon's absence?  She forced herself to think.  If she claimed the school kept her too busy, her parents might visit here and see that Dagon was gone.  He had told her he especially did not want her parents to know he had left her and Helsop undefended.  She turned the paper over and wrote her reply.

Dear Mother

We are very excited about Avor's sixteenth birthday celebration.  We will try to leave tomorrow for Fernland.  Barring some unforeseen emergency with the castle construction, we will both be there in three days' time.  I look forward to seeing everyone.

With love,

Your Daughter, Electra

Electra rolled the message back up and tied it with a string.  She handed the scroll to the messenger who promptly stood up, saluted and took his leave.
Esmeralda and Juanita glared at her.
"You might have waited a little longer to reply.  We were just getting to know, ah..., what was his name?" Esmeralda asked.
Juanita shrugged.  "What was so important he had to leave in such a hurry?"
Electra sighed.  "I am to go to a birthday celebration for Avor."
Juanita smiled a wry smile.  "Any chance we could all of us go?"
Electra sighed.  "I wish you could go in my place.  As it is, I will need to go alone."  She saw the two girls frown in disappointment.
Isa lingered in the kitchen.  "Will we still go into the forest today?"
Electra gave a resolute nod.  "Yes.  We must go today.  I promised I would start back to Fernland tomorrow."
Isa turned toward the sleeping rooms.  "I will tell the others."
Electra called out as Isa reached the door.  "And no excuses from Odval.  Tell her we will be looking for herbs that will give her a healthy baby."
"No excuses," Isa echoed.

Chapter 29

Helsop's Forest

By midmorning Electra's class was on its way into the forest.  Electra carried Shalin in a large scarf hung round her shoulders.  Ebony walked beside her on a leash.  Laleh carried Esme on her shoulders, setting her down to walk for brief periods.  Isa held Little Dagon's hand.  At close to two years old he was able to walk most of the way.
Juanita, Esmeralda, Odval and Magsa lagged behind.  Juanita and Esmeralda spoke to Magsa in voices soft enough to peak Electra's curiosity.  She slowed her pace to overhear their conversation.
Juanita walked close to Magsa, speaking directly into her ear.  "Tell Odval we can make a fertility charm for her.  Just as good as Electra's and we will charge less."
Magsa spoke to Odval in the Barburee language.  Magsa translated her reply to Juanita.  "She say Electra head witch.  She want best charm."
Electra grimaced and turned to face Magsa.  Magsa and Odval both held back, leery of  the panther.
Electra frowned at Juanita and spoke to Magsa.  "Please tell Odval that magic charms are not the answer.  She has a better chance of having a healthy baby if she concentrates on today's lesson.  The herbs we collect from the forest will improve her chances."
Magsa translated and nodded at Odval's response, then turned back to Electra.  "Odval say must have baby soon."
"Why?"  Electra asked.  "Odval is very young.  What is the hurry?"
Magsa and Odval carried on a lengthy conversation in their native tongue.  Then Magsa stared at the ground as she spoke.  "She say I tell big secret.  Great Khan say Bataar take new wife—daughter of China Emperor.  New wife is..."  Magsa raised her hand above her head.  "High up."
"Tall?" Electra asked.
"No, high power.  Much servants, much wealthy."
"High status."  Electra saw the worry in Odval's eyes.  If she did not produce an heir soon, she would be displaced by the powerful new wife.  She wondered if Odval might be desperate enough to attempt poisoning this powerful new sister-wife.  She hoped not.
"We know Odval is able to conceive.  Tell her not to despair.  Tell her I am a physician, not a witch, and I know the herbs we gather today will help."
Juanita caught Magsa's eye.  "And tell her I will make a fertility charm for her too.  Just to be sure."
Electra shook her head in disapproval but said nothing more.  If Odval wanted Juanita's charm so be it.  She wondered why the Great Khan wanted Bataar to marry the Emperor's daughter.  It must surely mean an alliance with China was in the works.  This was news that she should pass on to her father.  She was glad she had not promised to keep Odval's secret.
When they were well into the forest, Electra loosened her hold on the leash a bit and put Shalin down to walk, holding her by the hand.  She stopped beside a raspberry bush and waited for her lagging students to catch up.
"You all know this is a raspberry bush," she began.  "The fruit will come later, but today we will harvest some leaves for a three herb tea we can brew to increase fertility."
After everyone had collected a bag full of raspberry leaves Electra moved on to an area where she was sure she would find fresh shoots of yellow dock growing.  The twins and Little Dagon picked leaves and flowers along the trail and Electra watched closely to see that they did not put anything harmful into their mouths.
They startled a doe and her fawn as they passed a small clearing.  The deer stood grazing on tender new spring growth when Ebony's scent drifted their way.  Ebony crouched down, her tail twitching as the deer disappeared into the forest.  Electra pulled the leash tight, hoping the cat would not try to chase them.  Ebony looked at Electra and yawned.  She was still full from her big breakfast.  Electra let out a held breath, happy she had given Ebony extra rations this morning.
Electra stepped into the clearing the deer had vacated and waved her students forward.   The yellow dock and red clover she needed to complete her three herb tea mixture grew here in abundance.  She picked some purple blossoms of red clover and stripped a few leaves from the tall, rangy yellow dock plant.
When her students were grouped around the plants she held up her herbs.  "These are the remaining ingredients we will need for our three herb tea.  These will increase fertility and promote good health."  She looked pointedly at Magsa.  "There is no magic involved in the making of this tea.  This is a drink that any physician might prescribe for a woman who wishes to have a healthy baby."
Magsa translated her words to Odval.  Odval stepped forward and examined the plants, nodded, and Magsa gathered some up into her bag.
 The other students took turns examining the plants and harvesting their own supply of leaves and blossoms.
Electra brought out the picnic basket.  "Let us stay here in the sunshine while we eat our lunch.  You may ask me any questions you have about the plants growing here and their uses."
Electra, Isa and Laleh settled down at the edge of the clearing.  Ebony lay down on a grassy knoll, a little higher than the clearing and Electra tied her leash to an exposed tree root.  The twins and Little Dagon began at once to explore the clearing.
A shriek from Esme drew Electra's attention.  She saw that Esme had found a nest of baby cottontail rabbits, clumped together, awaiting their mother's return.  Ebony was instantly alert, sniffing the air, watching for movement.
Electra put her arm around Esme and said quietly, "These are baby bunnies.  We should leave them where they are so their mother will find them.  Aren't they sweet?"
Esme wanted to go closer but Electra held her back, fearing the mother rabbit might abandon her babies if she smelled a human odor on them.
Esme stopped squirming to get closer and held out her hands.  One of the tiny rabbits sailed through the air into her hands.  She held the tiny rabbit close and smiled at Electra.  Electra quickly looked around and her worst fears were realized.  All her students' eyes were fixed on the scene before them.
Electra quickly took the small rabbit from Esme's hands and carried the crying child away into the forest, trying to distract her with flowers and insects.  Isa picked up Shalin and went to stand near the increasingly agitated panther.  The clearing buzzed with the voices of the students discussing what they had just witnessed.
Esme's cries subsided as she became interested in a bright blue butterfly.  Electra looked back to make sure Ebony had not broken free from her leash.  Then she thought about what she should tell her students.  She decided it was best to tell them the truth—that the twins possessed uncommon but not unheard of powers.  She knew Odval would attribute their powers to sorcery.  Now Odval would be even more convinced that Electra was a witch—a witch who consorted with other budding witches.  
She decided that Odval had been a student of medicine long enough.  Electra would make sure that when she left for Fernland tomorrow, Magsa and Odval left with her.

Chapter 30

King's Lake in Fernland

Serafina, still disguised as an old woman with a cane and a slight limp, stood at the eastern edge of King's Lake.  She was surprised both by the number of ships anchored there and by the level of activity on shore.  Besides the Taz ships there were several ships that she recognized as frequent visitors to the port of Henge.  Some were likely on their way south and might provide her a passage to Manoa.  
She moved in closer to observe the activity on shore.  Men were busy building living quarters all along the lakefront.  Children played on the beach and in the shallow water.  Women washed clothes together along a strip of lakefront and lay them out to dry on the grassy slopes.  It looked more like a permanent settlement than temporary housing for shipbuilders.
Delphinia's barge sat half-completed on heavy timber scaffolding.  The length and width were impressive in size.  Huge piles of felled trees surrounded the barge and the sounds of hammers and saws filled the air.  She saw Take's theater at the bottom of a gentle green slope and wondered how he had managed to make that a first priority.  She moved slowly along the shore, taking mental pictures as she strolled.
A shore boat nudged onto the sand beside her and two sailors stepped out.
"Any ships bound for Manoa?" she asked.
"Manoa?"  With a heavy accent the sailor repeated the only word he recognized.  He pointed to a large ship anchored farther to the west.
Serafina nodded in acknowledgment and continued along the shore.  As she passed the theatre she saw Shandor lounging at the back of the stage with his flask in hand.  Since he did not seem to be hiding she supposed he had not been blamed for the destruction of the white powder.  He watched her as she limped along the beach.  She studied the lake-side theatre.  It was not as big or as grand as the one old King Blackwell was building, but it was nicer than she would have predicted.
She looked to the north where the barge loomed over its scaffolding.  She saw a young man she realized must be Prince Avor.  He stood atop the scaffolding yelling orders to the workmen in a language that must have been Taz.  He had grown much taller and more muscular since she had last seen him.  He still favored Delphinia in facial features and coloring, but she could now see a marked resemblance to King Geoffrey as well.
She stopped at a boat that had been pulled ashore and turned into a makeshift market stall.
"Spices from Manoa?" the vendor sang out hopefully.
"Have you jasmine tea?" Serafina asked.
The man smiled and held up a tin.  "Finally, someone who speaks a language I can understand.  Who are these workmen?  No one here understands me."
Serafina returned his smile.  "You are up from Manoa?"
"Yes, and this stop was a waste of time for me.  No one here has money to spend.  We leave tonight and I will be glad to go.  We have one more stop at Lands End, then it's all the way down to Manoa."
"Who would I see about passage to Manoa?"
The vendor's face lit up.  "I could arrange that for you for a very modest fee.  A gold coin would buy it and a very nice cabin thrown in."  The man seemed to be studying the old woman's clothing, judging whether a gold piece was a possibility.
Serafina knew that a gold piece was twice the normal fare from Lands End and guessed that two silvers would be a fair price from King's Lake.
"I thought I might visit my cousin in Manoa.  He has invited me to live with him.  But I'm not sure I would like living there.  He lives on an island not far from the harbor.  A lonely place I'm told.  What was the name of it?  I can not seem to remember."
"There is an island called White Cliffs not far from Manoa.  We used to stop off there to take on fertilizer but of late we do not."
"That may be the one.  Why do you now pass it by?"
The vendor shrugged.  "The old owners died and the young heir—he does not want any visitors.  It is said he lives alone with an old servant who takes a boat into Manoa from time to time to buy supplies.  No one knows much about the young heir except it is rumored he has a deformity of some kind.  Is he your cousin?"
"No.  My cousin is old, like me.  Give me time and I will remember the name of his island.  Perhaps it is not really an island, but just a thumb of land surrounded by water."
The vendor looked skeptical, wondering if the woman still had all her faculties.
"So...do you want me to inquire about passage to Manoa?"
Serafina seemed to be mulling it over.  She took a gold coin from her pocket and the vendor's eyes locked on it.
"I suppose the gold coin would include my meals?"
"Yes, assuredly," the vendor replied with enthusiasm.
"And you would row me out to the ship?"
"Yes, yes, of course."
She pointed to the front row of spices. "Add those five spices and the tin of jasmine tea and we have an agreement."
The vendor looked again at Serafina's face and decided she not only had all her faculties—she was a very good negotiator.
"Will you be ready to board ship in an hour's time?" he asked.
"I will be ready," she replied.  "I will give you the gold piece when I have seen my cabin aboard ship."
The vendor nodded as Serafina continued her stroll along King's Lake.  She counted fifteen ships anchored in the lake and estimated the number of Taz People at five thousand.  It was a large settlement bringing in a good bit of money in taxes and fees for King Geoffrey's coffers.  If he cared to deplete his forests he could make a good deal more through the sale and shipment of timber.  That would mean more money to pay soldiers if he decided to finance an army.  Although neither Prince Blackwell nor King Geoffrey seemed inclined to war against one another she did not like the fact that this new wealth meant King Geoffrey could increase his army if he chose to do so.
After inspecting the new settlement and its ongoing construction she headed back to meet her Manoan vendor, who was already packing away the few spices he had left after setting hers aside.  As they rowed out to board the ship bound for Manoa, Serafina mulled over the information the vendor had given her about White Cliffs Island and the seed of a plan took root in her mind.

Chapter 31

Fernland Castle

Electra, Magsa, Odval and Althar urged their tired horses on, hoping to reach Fernland's castle before sunset.  At sunset the drawbridge across the castle moat would be lifted up and access to the castle denied.  After two nights of camping out in the forest, they all looked forward to the comfort of castle beds.
The trip from Helsop to Fernland had been grueling for Electra.  Odval had barely spoken during the three day journey.  She wore two fertility charms around her neck—one made by Electra and one made by Juanita.  Electra had made her three tea fertility drink for Odval each evening on the journey from Helsop, but Odval had only taken a few sips before wrinkling her nose and pouring it on the ground.  Electra wondered if Odval feared the tea might be poisoned.  Electra asked Magsa a few leading questions, trying to gauge Odval's reaction to watching Esme call the rabbit into her hands, but Magsa remained vague in her answers.
Althar raised his hand to call a halt.  He pointed to a faint trail leading down to the river where the horses could drink.
"We are close to the castle," he called out.  "We have time to give the horses a drink."
Electra had invited Althar along for form's sake.  Her parents would be horrified at the notion of three women making the long trip unescorted.  Althar was a stockade guard in Helsop.  Since he had no prisoners to guard, it had been easy to convince him to come along as a chaperone.
Electra slid off her horse and stood beside Althar as the horses walked into the shallow stream.  "Have you been to Fernland's castle before?" she asked.  
Althar laughed.  "I suppose you might say so.  At least I've been to its dungeon."
Electra blushed.  He must have been one of the many prisoners released from the dungeon when her father signed the treaty between Helsop and Fernland.
"I am sorry," she said.  "Was it a terrible experience?"
"Let us say only that I hope for better accommodations this time around."
When the horses were thoroughly watered, they mounted up and were soon at the castle drawbridge with time to spare.  They passed through the gates to the marketplace and on to the steps of the castle where a page waited.  The page looked closely at Althar, expecting to see Dagon.  He seemed a bit flustered at the sight of a stranger.
Electra decided orders would be more expedient than explanations.  She spoke directly to the page.
"Althar will accompany the horses," she said.  "He will stay in quarters with the royal guard.  Bataar's wife and her translator will need rooms in the castle and Bataar should be notified that his wife has returned."
The page nodded, spoke to a guard and led the three women up the stairs of the castle.  He stopped on the second floor and opened the door of a guest room for Odval and Magsa, then led on to Delphinia's room where he announced Princess Electra.
Queen Delphinia opened the door to the royal bed chamber suite and threw open her arms to hug her daughter.  She looked around Electra, no doubt expecting to see Dagon, but saw only the retreating back of the page.
Delphinia stepped back, still holding her daughter's shoulders and looked into her eyes.
"It is so good to see you.  So much has happened here since I wrote to you of Avor's birthday celebration.  Your father is quite beside himself.  But no more of that.  You must be exhausted.  Come and sit. Are you hungry?  Thirsty?"
Electra smiled.  "I am fine.  What has happened?  Why is Father beside himself?" She took a chair in the sitting area beside a writing desk.
Delphinia shook her head.  "I am afraid the white powder Muller risked his life to obtain is now ruined."
"No!"  Electra realized the gravity of the situation and how upset her father must be.  "How did this happen?"
"The wine barrel taps were opened and the white powder soaked through with wine."
"I am so sorry," Electra said.  "Was it an accident?"
"Geoffrey does not think so."  Delphinia's eyes looked up sorrowfully.  "Is Dagon's share of the white powder safe?"
"As far as I know," Electra replied.
"I am sure Geoffrey will want to speak to him about it."
"Umm, I am afraid Dagon was not able to accompany me on this trip."
"What?  Surely you did not travel here alone?"  Delphinia's face grew pale.  "I should have sent the carriage."
Electra held up her hand.  "I was not alone.  Our guard Althar came with us—Odval, Magsa and me."
"Odval?  We heard she had enrolled in your school of medicine.  And who is Magsa?"
"Magsa is her translator."
"That is a kindness.  I remember when Odval was last a guest here at the castle.  We had no way of communicating with her until Bataar returned.  But why is Dagon not with you?"
"He is at a critical point in the construction of the castle.  He sends his regrets on missing Avor's celebration."
Delphinia seemed a little disappointed but changed the subject without commenting further on his absence.  "We were very surprised when we heard Odval enrolled as a student.  She has an interest in medicine?"
"She has an interest in having a baby."
Delphinia blushed.  "What has that to do with enrolling in your school?"
"It is supposed to be a secret but I mean to tell Father anyway.  It seems she has not produced an heir in a timely fashion.  Now she is faced with the possibility of Bataar taking a second wife—the daughter of China's emperor."
Delphinia's mouth made a little round 'O' of surprise.  "The poor child.  Still, what did she suppose you could do to help her?"
Now it was Electra's turn to blush.  "She wanted me to make her a fertility charm."
Delphinia pursed her lips.  "Is that a thing a physician in Barburee might do?"
"Perhaps," Electra said, hoping to veer away from anything smacking of witchcraft that she might have learned at Serafina's knee.  "I think this second wife might be connected to an alliance between Barburee and China."
"You are correct in thinking your father should be told of this.  But perhaps later—after Avor's party.  Now is not the best time for a visit.  He is most unhappy about his white powder.  Quite inconsolable."
Electra patted her mother's hand and smiled.  "So Avor is to turn sixteen?"
Delphinia's eyes lit up.  "He has matured so much of late I hardly recognize him."  She lowered her voice as though someone might be attempting to overhear their conversation.  "You know Geoffrey assigned him the job of engineering apprentice so he could report on the Taz workers' activities, but it has worked out to be the best thing that could have happened to him.  He is at ease now with the Taz language and I believe he could undertake to build a ship all on his own.  He has learned leadership in his new role.  We are so proud."
"I have never doubted his abilities," Electra replied, sensing that her brother's new skills as a shipbuilder seemed to garner more enthusiasm than her own as a physician.
Delphinia quickly switched back to her daughter's accomplishments.
"Tell me how your new school is progressing.  Have you other students besides Odval?"
Electra smiled at her mother's attempts to mollify her.  She was embarrassed to have been so easily read.  "I do.  I have four students still.  We made a trip into the forest to identify and gather herbal cures just before I left."
Delphinia seemed delighted with the news.  "But not without suitable guards, I trust."
Electra considered Ebony a suitable guard and so replied confidently.  "Of course.  I have so far concentrated on making tinctures and teas as well as cataloging which  curative herbs can be found in our forest."
Delphinia's concentration seemed to be wandering.  "Wonderful.  Your students are so fortunate to have your guidance."
Electra wondered what her mother was really thinking about.  "What have you planned for Avor's birthday celebration?"
Now she had her mother's undivided attention.
"We have been planning for weeks.  And now we are doubly challenged, for Prince Oswald is soon to arrive.  He is King Gundar's second son.  Gundar's kingdom is one Geoffrey has long wished to cultivate as a possible ally.  We hope to impress Prince Oswald thoroughly even though he is not the heir to the kingship—only the younger brother to the heir.  Still he will report back to his father regarding his reception here so we must put forth our best efforts."  
As Delphinia continued to set out her plans for Avor's celebration, Electra struggled to keep her eyes open.  It had been such a long day.

Chapter 32

King's Lake in Fernland

Take and his fellow actors arrived at their theatre in King's Lake and were excited to find Shandor there.
"We was that worried when we didn't find ya at the castle," Tom said.  "Thought maybe them villains what took out the King's powder might a got ya."
Shandor blanched at the mention of the King's ruined powder.  "Did they find the ones that did it yet?" he asked.
"Not that we know," Angie whispered.  "Did ya see a one at the stables afore ya left?  One what didn't belong there?"
"No.  I didn't see anything, but I thought it might be better to wait for you down here.  I like to stay out of the way of trouble."  Shandor hiccoughed loudly.
Take took a long look at Shandor and realized he was quite drunk.  He wondered if he could count on Shandor for tomorrow's performance.  He would have to devise a show that would work with or without their fiddle player.
"We thought we would try a pirate theme for this show," Take said.  "It is for Avor's birthday and he had a run-in with pirates not so long ago.  This Prince Oswald who is coming for a visit—his kingdom faces the sea.  I'm sure they have had pirate encounters as well."
"We're gonna make a collapsible pirate ship," Peaches added, excited by the challenge.
"Sure, there be nothin' to it," Bear said in a sarcastic voice.  "What a we got—a day an a half?"
Smiles clapped Bear on the back and nearly toppled him over.  "I betcha some a them Taz men'll be comin' round ta help us.  Them 'uns love ta be a buildin' things."
"I'm counting on that," Take said.  "They can't stand it when we start to build something and they know they can do it better."
"We'd best get started then," Angie said.  "I've got a basket full a sweet rolls ta sweeten the pot, so ta speak."
The men went to the scrap wood pile further down the beach and began pulling bits of wood and dirty woven mats from the pile to drag back to the theatre.  Before long Prince Avor came by to ask what they were doing.
"We're building ourselves a prop fer yer show," Tom said in a jovial voice.  "Gonna be a side of a pirate ship."
Avor raised his eyebrows.  "By tomorrow?" he asked in a doubting tone.
"Sure, it don't have ta be seaworthy," Smiles added.
"You know we are expecting a visit from Prince Oswald of Sandovia.  His ship has already been sighted off the mouth of the estuary."  Prince Avor looked at the pitiful scraps they were dragging out of the scrap pile. "The men want to know if you happened to bring any sweet rolls."
"That we did," Take said with a smile. "We wouldn't want to disappoint the men from Taz."
Avor bit his lower lip gently.  "I'll tell them they can take a break for a sweet roll."  He looked over at his crew, hard at work on the barge.  "I suppose if they want to help you build a mock up of a pirate ship, I could give them leave to do it.  We could tear it down after and reuse the wood."
Take looked surprised.  "I never imagined...  Why, with their help we could build a prop that would knock the socks off Prince Oswald.  If you are sure it would be all right—we would be honored to accept your help."
Avor looked at Take with suspicion.  He knew he was being manipulated but he did not change his mind.  "Just make sure it will impress Prince Oswald.  I know my father is looking to the kingdom of Sandovia as a possible ally."
Take made a little bow.  "We will do our best, Your Majesty."
The actors threw their scraps of wood and mats back on the pile and raced down the beach to lay out the sweet rolls.
Before long the Taz workers lined up at the basket and Haddad's son, Javed, came along to translate.
Take insisted Javed have the first sweet roll.  While the young man ate, Take described the prop he envisioned.  "We will place it just to the front of our offshore platform.  It will look like a ship to those seated on the hillside as they will only see the side facing them.  We will keep it draped until the show starts.  We will assemble as pirates on the platform behind it.  We will have a short ladder to climb up and over the painted deck.  Then with swords drawn, we will jump into a shore boat and storm the beach.  Then we will fight the Fernlanders and just when things look hopeless, King Neptune will rise up from the sea with his trident and curse the pirates.  Then he will point his trident at the pirate ship and it will disappear."
Javed paused, his sweet roll half way to his mouth.  "It will disappear?"
"Yes."  Take's eyes sparkled with mischief.  "It is only a painted facade held to the side of the platform with a hook or two.  We release the hooks and the whole thing falls over the platform in to the water.  It disappears."
"But will the audience not see it fall over?"
"No," Take continued.  "Because we will have a diversion here on shore that will claim their attention momentarily."
"A diversion?"
"Yes."
"What kind of a diversion?"
"You do not want me to ruin the surprise for you, do you?" Take asked, wondering himself what the diversion might be.
Javed considered the question for a moment, then grinned.  "No, I guess not."
"Do you think your men can pull it off?  I know it is short notice for a prop this size."
Javed waved his hand casually.  "If we can not paint a thin sheet of wood with a picture of a ship in one day, we had best not continue to call ourselves master shipbuilders."

The men from Taz finished their snack and fell to their prop-making with enthusiasm.  Within a hour they had sawed out the outline of a pirate ship on thin strips of wood, backed with reinforcing boards.  They argued over who would do the painting and finally settled on three men who seemed to have won the right through some kind of guessing game.
Take and his actors busied themselves with assembling costumes and a discussion over what the 'distraction' might be.

All work ceased as the ship named King Gundar sailed into the lake.  It was an impressive ship painted midnight blue with gold trim—the colors of Sandovia's flag.
Avor stood ready to receive Prince Oswald.  Oswald came ashore in a small boat wearing a gold tunic emblazoned with a lion.  His oarsmen and two royal guardsmen wore uniforms of midnight blue.
One of the guardsmen jumped out of the boat and set down a block of wood for the Prince to step on as he exited the boat.  The Prince ignored the block of wood and stepped into the shallow water, then splashed on to shore.
Prince Avor offered his hand to shake, but Prince Oswald ignored it and made a short stiff bow instead.  Prince Avor returned the bow and spoke a few words of welcome before indicating the royal carriage that waited to take them to the castle.
Take stood watching the scene with pursed lips.
"This one might be a bit hard to impress," he mused aloud.

Chapter 33

King's Lake in Fernland

Avor's sixteenth birthday looked to be shaping up as a holiday for all of Fernland.  Already the grassy slope above the theatre was crowded with families enjoying picnic lunches beside the lake.  The royal family and their royal visitor, Prince Oswald, arrived back at King's Lake early in the afternoon to allow time for showing Oswald around the boat works before the theatre performance began.
They all admired the unfinished barge while Prince Avor summarized the work which lay ahead.  King Geoffrey stood off to one side whispering commands to Muller the Spy.  Princess Electra stood under the scaffolding while Queen Delphinia tried unsuccessfully to entertain Prince Oswald.
Delphinia spoke with enthusiasm as she gestured at the looming hulk of the barge.
"Once our barge is finished we will be able to stay overnight at the Lake after a theatre performance.  We will have extra staterooms to house our guests as well."
Prince Oswald nodded vaguely at Delphinia's comments but offered no encouragement.
Queen Delphinia tried another tack.  "Prince Avor, though he turns sixteen only today, has already learned a great deal about barge building.  He could explain its construction in more detail if you would like."
"I'm quite sure he could," Prince Oswald replied, "but that is not necessary."
Queen Delphinia seemed to be struggling to find a topic that might engage Prince Oswald's interest.  Electra decided to move on before her mother began to offer her up as an expert on all things herbal.  She saw the Caliph and Bataar coming toward the barge and left to join them.  Prince Avor had the same idea.  He caught up to his sister.  As the Caliph and Bataar drew near enough for Electra and Avor to hear their conversation, Avor's welcoming smile turned to a frown.
Bataar pointed to the barge as he spoke to the Caliph.  "You build barge for Great Khan, yes?"
The Caliph took a moment to reply.  "I'm sure we could work something out.  A barge is most useful on a lake or a navigable river.  It may not be well suited to a bay setting," he said in a delicate manner, constructed to give no offense.
"You have many ship.  You sell two, three to Great Khan.  He like ship, maybe build more."
"Alas, we are traders and we need our ships, humble as they are.  We will build the Great Khan ships befitting his high status.  Great ships."  The Caliph paused when he saw the frown on Bataar's face.  Bataar did not like being told 'no' regardless of how politely it was done.
"Maybe Great Khan like these ship already build."
The Caliph drew in a breath.  "We would be honored to take the Great Khan out for a sail."  The Caliph bowed politely.
Prince Avor appeared worried about Bataar's demands.  He slowed his steps and stayed quiet.  Electra wondered if King Geoffrey now approved of Bataar's plan to hire the Taz workers away from Fernland.  She turned in her father's direction and found him looking at her.  He waved her over.  She made an excuse to Avor and quickly did an about face to join her father.
She spoke to her father briefly at last night's dinner about the possible alliance forming between Barburee and China, which would take the form of a second marriage between Bataar and the daughter of China's emperor.  King Geoffrey thanked her for the information but still seemed preoccupied with the loss of his white powder.  As she neared her father, she wondered why he has called her over.
King Geoffrey gave his daughter a quick hug.  "Have you spoken to Prince Oswald as yet?" he asked.
"I met him last night at dinner, but no, we have not spoken past our introductions."
"Come with me then.  I have not shown him the attention I should.  His father's kingdom of Sandovia lies across the sea to the northwest.  They have been harassed by pirates of late and should we here in Fernland become a pirate target now we have a port, I think an alliance with King Gundar would be to our advantage.  Let us go and attempt a friendly overture."
Queen Delphinia seemed relieved as King Geoffrey and Electra approached.  
King Geoffrey put on a welcoming face and pressed his hand on Prince Oswald's shoulder.  "Prince Oswald, I'm told you have met my daughter, Electra.  She is a physician now and soon to become Queen of Helsop."
Prince Oswald's eyes flickered with interest.  "I am not familiar with this kingdom—Helsop."
Electra smiled.  "It is more a village than a kingdom.  My father flatters us.  And I will be wife of its headman who has not as yet been elevated to the rank of  king."
"I see."  Prince Oswald turned his attention back to King Geoffrey.  "What goods do you propose to ship now that you have a port?"
King Geoffrey looked out over his lake and considered the question.
"Timber, perhaps wine barrels, sheep, wool, certainly.  Our ally Helsop will be allowed to ship the tools and weapons that are their mainstay."
"Oh?"  Prince Oswald looked back at Electra with renewed interest.  "Your village produces weapons?"
"And tools," Electra emphasized.  "Our workmen are very skilled at their crafts."
"My father King Gundar is always interested in new sources of weapons.  Perhaps I should visit this village, Helsop, and meet your Headman."
Electra's heart began to race.  "This is not a good time for a visit.  He is very busy with building his castle right now.  Perhaps later—this summer might be possible."
"A castle is it?"  Prince Oswald smiled.  "I think you were too humble in describing your village."  Prince Oswald glanced at Queen Delphinia.  "Your mother is a very gracious hostess but I do not think I could prevail upon her to extend my visit to the summer.  What if I were to promise not to interfere in any way with your headman's castle building.  Do you think I might just have a look at your weapons stock?"
Electra's mind seemed to have stopped working.  She could think of no reason to prevent Prince Oswald's visit.  She decided to offer an alternate plan.
"I have a better idea.  We could send a selection of our merchandise to King Gundar.  Then he could inspect it firsthand and decide if he wishes to place an order."
King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia gave their daughter a questioning glance.
Queen Delphinia said as gently as possible, "But Prince Oswald is already here, My Dear.  Why do we not send a message to Dagon and ask him if a quick visit might be possible?"
Electra glared at her mother.  "I will consider it."
"Excellent," Delphinia said, forcing a smile.  She turned away from her daughter to gaze at the hillside filled with happy picnickers. "We have a birthday to celebrate and a guest to entertain.  I believe we should make our way over to the hillside.  It is time for Fernland's acting troupe to begin their show."  Delphinia took Prince Oswald's arm and continued to chat about the coming entertainment as she led him away from Electra.
Electra tried to control her anger as she trailed behind her family toward the grassy slope above the theatre.  How could she have handled things so poorly?  And Dagon had left her in charge.  Now Helsop was in danger of showing itself defenseless.  And how was she to explain the presence of a panther and two little girls with magical powers.  She wanted to scream in frustration, but instead forced herself to try to think of a way out of this situation.

Chapter 34

King's Lake in Fernland 

Electra slowed her steps toward the theatre, increasing the distance between herself and her family.  Someone called her name.  She turned to find Hilgard the Language Student and his friend, Dong Hao, rushing to catch up to her.  She remembered Dong Hao was here in Fernland to learn English in hopes of gaining a position in the Chinese Emperor's court as a translator.
"How are you progressing with your study of our language?" she asked Dong Hao.
"I am doing quite well," he replied with very little accent.
Electra was surprised.  "You have even mastered our accent.  That is remarkable."
"And my friend, Hilgard, is doing equally well with his Chinese," Dong Hao added.
Hilgard smiled.  "I have yet to try it out on anyone other than Dong Hao."
"I hear your uncle, the tea trader, is interested in hiring our shipbuilders once their work here in Fernland is finished," Electra commented.
Dong Hao frowned.  "Too often Uncle's caravans are the victims of desert thieves.  The ships would have saved him from that.  But now Bataar is offering the shipbuilders more gold to work for his father, the Great Khan."
Electra nodded.  She wondered what Dong's uncle would think about the possible alliance between Barburee and China.  She decided she would leave that to her father to tell or keep secret.  "Even at sea there are pirates to contend with," she said.
Dong Hao sighed.  "Our world is a dangerous place."
"How long will you stay in Fernland?" Electra asked.
"I must return at the end of summer to take my place in Uncle's business."  He glanced at Hilgard.  "I am trying to convince my friend to return to China with me."
Hilgard shrugged.  "I work for Muller now.  He has hired me as his assistant.  If only I could think of a reason that would convince him to send me to China..."  He smiled at the unlikelihood of that happening.
Electra moved closer.  "Perhaps you could convince him there is an unlimited supply of the white powder there," she whispered in a mischievous tone.
"You heard about our disaster?" Hilgard whispered back.  "Muller is frantic to find the culprit."
"It might have been an accident."
Hilgard shook his head.  "It was no accident.  All the taps on the wine barrels were left open."
"It is possible Dagon might be willing to share his supply until you locate another source of the powder," Electra considered aloud.
Hilgard's eyes grew wide.  "Have you told Muller or your father?"
"No.  I have not asked Dagon as yet.  It is best that we do not speak of it until I have had a chance to confer."  Electra realized that she should not have suggested such a solution before she spoke to Dagon.  She was certainly doing a poor job of representing Helsop's interests.  "I suppose we should find seats for the performance.  It was good to see you both."  She waved a goodbye as she made a hasty exit.
Instead of catching up to her family, she sought a patch of grass where she might compose herself and figure out how to undo the many mistakes she had made today.   She walked to the edge of the viewing area and looked down to see Angelica sitting alone with her new baby.
"Electra!"  Angelica exclaimed.  "How happy I am to see you.  Can you join me?"
Electra sat down on her blanket.  "How are you and the little one getting along?"
"He is an angel.  We have named him Nicu."
Nicu had thick dark curly hair and large brown eyes.  His eyelids fluttered between wake and sleep.
"He is uncommonly beautiful," Electra said.
Angelica smiled.  "Of course I think so.  He sleeps most of the time."
"As he should.  And you have been well?"
"Yes.  Muller and I are so happy."
Electra looked around at the people seated nearby.  "Where is Muller?"
"He is working.  He is questioning strangers on King Geoffrey's orders."
Electra did not need to ask why.  "Does he have any suspects?"
Angelica avoided meeting Electra's eyes.  "I do not know."
Electra could tell Angelica was hiding something but she did not want to push her friend into revealing any secrets.  Instead she changed the subject.
"How is your father doing?"  She hoped Shandor had not resumed drinking to excess.
Angelica jerked her head up, startled.  "He did not do it."
Now it was Electra who was startled.  "Did not do what?"
"You know what.  He did not leave those wine taps open."  Tears gathered at the corners of her eyes.
"Of course he did not.  Why would he do such a thing?"
Angelica dabbed at her eyes.  "I thought that is what you were suggesting."
"No.  Not at all.  I was only hoping he has been able to control his drinking so he can be a good grandfather to Nicu."
More tears fell from Angelica's eyes.  "Muller thinks he might have drunk too much and done it without remembering.  He told him to leave the stables, where he was sleeping.  I haven't seen my father since the white powder was ruined.  I came here tonight hoping he would be playing his fiddle.  The acting troupe are his only friends now."
As if on cue the swelling sounds of Shandor's fiddle swept over the crowd and conversation ceased.  They watched Take the Thief emerge from behind the black curtain and bow to the hillside audience.  He spoke into a paper cone to enlarge his voice.
"Tonight we salute our honored guests, Bataar of Barburee and Prince Oswald of Sandovia.  Thank you all for attending this celebration of Prince Avor's sixteenth birthday.  We dedicate this performance entitled 'The Pirates' Demise' to our beloved Prince Avor."
Take opened his hand and held it out in the direction of the royal family.  The audience continued to clap until Prince Avor stood up and made a short bow to the gathered crowd.
Take stepped to the side and the black curtains opened to reveal a pirate ship anchored just off shore.  With a black skull and crossbones flag flying, it was so realistic that gasps of surprise welled up from the audience.  Pirates appeared on deck, shouting with swords waving as they jumped over the rail and into shore boats tethered below the huge ship.  They rowed themselves to shore with more shouts and Fernland's Royal Guardsmen raced down the beach to engage them.
Children hid their faces as the pirates jumped from their shore boats and attacked the Royal Guardsmen.  They fought a savage mock battle in front of the audience.  Just when it looked as though the pirates might be gaining the upper hand, a lone archer dressed as Prince Avor came running down the beach.
The archer stood at the edge of the water, next to a small fire.  He dipped the tip of a pitch-coated arrow into the fire and drew his bow on the flaming arrow.  The arrow streaked through the darkening sky far out over the water in the direction of the pirate ship.  The audience searched the water.  The pirate ship was gone.  In its place stood a giant of a man covered in seaweed.  It was King Neptune, up from the deep, trident in hand.  He saluted the young archer as the flaming arrow dropped into the water where the pirate ship had been.
The pirates stopped fighting as they searched the waters for their missing ship.  They were quickly taken in hand by the Royal Guardsmen and led off down the beach in chains.  The young archer who had launched the flaming arrow bowed to thunderous applause.
Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey stood and applauded. Prince Avor seemed embarrassed by the production, but he smiled and saluted the actors.
Take waved to gain the audience's attention.  "King Geoffrey has generously provided free ale for all present to celebrate Prince Avor's birthday.  Music for dancing will begin anon.  Thank you all for coming."
As the crowd rushed down to the tables set up with cups of ale, Electra kissed little Nicu, assured Angelica that no one blamed her father for leaving the taps open, and left to congratulate Avor on reaching his sixteenth birthday.
Delphinia saw Electra making her way through the crowd and stood to meet her.
"My Dear.  What kept you?  Is there something amiss?"
Electra sighed.  "I saw Angelica and stopped there to ask after her baby.  I thought it better to stay put once the performance began.  It was an impressive show, very realistic, I thought."
Delphinia smiled.  "It was wonderful.  I know Avor enjoyed it, though he was reluctant to admit as much."
Electra looked past her mother to find her brother.  "I should go and wish him a happy birthday."
Queen Delphinia followed her.  "Are you sure there is not something you wish to discuss?  Is there some trouble with Dagon?"
Electra thought her mother's expression bore a trace of hope along with the expected concern.  She kissed her mother's cheek.  "There are things I am unable to discuss.  Secrets I am sworn to keep.  I'm sure you understand."
Delphinia shook her head.  "Secrets from your family?"
"I promise I will tell all as soon as I am at liberty to do so."  She sped away to find  her brother.

Chapter 35

Manoa

Serafina looked out her cabin's porthole at the city of Manoa.  Palm trees waved in a flower scented breeze.  Bird calls filled the air.  She packed her cape in her bag and changed to her lightest cotton dress.  She checked her make-up in her mirror.  She looked old but not poverty stricken.  She piled her dyed grey hair atop her head and waited until most of the other passengers disembarked.
Feigning a limp, she took up her cane and walked down the gangplank.  The sailors looked at her without interest.  She had taken all her meals in her cabin and had stayed aboard at Sea Chase, the ship's only stop along the way.  She had made no friends on board to necessitate farewells.
Vendor stalls crowded the wharf area.  The movements of one young flower vendor caught Serafina's eye.  The girl was blind.  She felt her way gently, hands held out, touching her wares with her fingertips.  Serafina moved closer.
The attractive young flower seller seemed happy, humming to herself as she watered the tropical flowers that surrounded her.
"Your flowers are lovely," Serafina commented.  "Do you grow them yourself?"
"I do, Madame.  Thank you for your compliment."
"Is it difficult to be surrounded by so much beauty and be denied the sight?" she asked.
The girl laughed, a pleasant contralto sound.  "So many people comment on the beauty and so few comment on the scents.  And yet the world I inhabit is made up of the most enchanting aromas.  I would not trade my world for one I have never known."
"You are content."
"I am."
"I share your interest in the cultivation of plants.  In fact I have traveled here from a distant land to find a source of fertilizer.  I believe such a place exists here.  An island, I am told, where birds of many species travel to make their nests and lay their eggs."
"I am sorry you have come so far for this purpose.  I know the island you speak of.  I am afraid the new owner has closed down the trade."
"Do you know why?"
"It is rumored he is a recluse.  He will not tolerate trespassers or visitors."
"I have come so far.  I think I will try to change his mind."
The young woman looked alarmed.  "I must caution you against this.  He employs guards, armed guards, to defend his island against trespassers."
"Surely he would not see an old woman such as I a threat.  If I am successful would you like me to obtain some fertilizer for you as well?"
The girl shook her head.  "I see I can not dissuade you.  Perhaps your age will save you.  I can only hope as much.  As for me, I love my flowers and would like to give them bits of fertilizer, but not enough to risk life and limb."
"If I am saved then by my age and handicap I will return to bring you as my guest for my second visit to the island."
The girl put her hand to her mouth.  Then she smiled a beautiful smile.  "Only if the owner agrees to my coming."
Serafina walked from the wharf area into the city.  Except for the warm humid climate, it was a port city much like Henge.  The monarch's castle sat high on a hill that overlooked the harbor.  An army was not in evidence and she surmised that Manoa's neighbors were peaceful.
By evening Serafina had settled on lodging at an inn with a good view of the harbor.  She purchased a map showing the island of White Cliffs.  It looked to be an hour's sail from Manoa.  She left her comfortable suite to have dinner in the dining room.
The innkeeper brought her a dinner of fish and coconut.  "What brings you to Manoa?" he asked in a cheerful voice.
"I am old.  The warm climate is good for my bones."
"That it is," he agreed.  "I feel the difference myself when I travel north.  So you'll be staying for a time then?"
"For a time.  I enjoyed fishing here as a child when my family visited.  I thought I might hire a small boat and see if I still have the knack for it."
The innkeeper seemed surprised.  "Good for you, then.  You put us younger folk to shame.  You won't have any trouble finding someone to take you out.  There are boats to let all along the wharf."  He paused to think.  "I wouldn't mind buying your catch if you should have any luck.  And I could cook up a fish for your dinner if you would like."
"I would like nothing better."

The next morning Serafina had a good breakfast at the inn and walked down the hill to the wharf to look at boats for let.  She was directed to a man who had a small sailing craft and let it out for day excursions.  She found the man patching a hole in his sail.
The man was eager to find a customer.  "I am called Sloan," he said.  "You'll not find a better craft at any price."
"I fished here as a young girl.  I would like to go back to the same spot."
"I am at your service.  I know many good spots as well."
"The spot I remember was near an island called White Cliffs."
Sloan's expression changed.  "Visitors aren't welcome there no more, I'm afraid.  But I know places where I promise we will find fish."
"How near the island could we go without causing trouble?" Serafina asked.
Sloan looked out over the bay.  "I'd feel safe if we was to get no closer than an arrow could fly."
Serafina smiled.  "That will have to do then."

Serafina and Sloan anchored some distance from the shore of White Cliffs and threw out their lines.  White Cliffs got its name from the cliffs that rose up on the far side of the island.  Likely limestone, she guessed, though they appeared to be covered in the white guano that formed from bird droppings. The near side of the island sloped down to a sandy beach.  A large manor house could be glimpsed amid the thick tropical foliage that covered the island.  Two guards armed with bows stood on the beach, making sure that Serafina and Sloan stayed a good distance from the island.  
Serafina felt a tug on her line and pulled out a fat snapper.  Sloan pulled one up a minute later.  "You were right about this place," he said, excited with his catch.  "This is a grand fishing hole."
By the end of the day, they had a pile of six good sized fish.
Serafina held up one of her snappers.  "It feels to be about six pounds.  I think my innkeeper would like to buy it."
"I'll bet he would.  Make sure he gives you a fair price.  I think I will keep my three.  I like a good snapper stew now and again."
"I have enjoyed my day," Serafina said.  "Would you be available to take me out again tomorrow?"
"Lady, I'll be available whenever you've a notion.  Same time?"
"Same time."

Sloan and Serafina continued to fish every day.  She surprised Sloan by occasionally taking over the sailing duties.  On the fourth day she saw what she was waiting for.  A small boat rowed by an elderly man took off from the beach of White Cliffs.  Serafina watched him row laboriously toward the port of Manoa.
Serafina grimaced as she spoke to Sloan. "I think I shall have to cut today's fishing trip short.  My leg is giving me some trouble.  Let us set sail back to Manoa."
They arrived at the wharf quickly on a favorable breeze and Serafina lingered at the dock, waiting for the elderly man in the row boat to arrive.
He finally pulled into shore and beached his small boat.  Serafina followed as he moved from vendor to vendor, buying supplies for his master, the two guards and himself—the only four inhabitants of the island.  She judged he bought enough to last a week.  This was likely a trip he repeated every week on the same day.  
The old man took his supplies into a waterfront tavern and ordered a cup of ale.  Serafina followed and took a chair by the entrance.  The tavern's proprietor joked with him as though they were old friends.
"Henry!  How are things on the island?" he asked.
"About the same.  Nuthin' new ever happens now Tristan's cut us off from the world."
"Here ya are in the big city.  Might as well have yourself a bang up time while yer here," the tavern owner teased.
The old man held up his cup of ale.  "Fer the likes a me, this here is a bang up time."
The two men laughed and Serafina slipped quietly out of the tavern.  She knew all she needed to know. 

Chapter 36

Fernland 

Electra sat at the edge of her bed looking for signs of approaching dawn out the window.  She heard a rooster crowing in the courtyard and decided she had waited long enough.  She dressed in the dark room and lit a candle at the table that served as a desk.
She dipped a feathered quill into a bottle of ink and smoothed a strip of paper.  Even though she had stayed awake worrying most of the night, she still could not think of a good reason to keep Prince Oswald from visiting Helsop.  She could tell her parents the truth but the terrible truth was, Dagon had undertaken a dangerous mission from which he might not return.
She tried to imagine what her father's reaction might be.  King Geoffrey would not want to leave Helsop vulnerable to being taken over by Prince Blackwell of Henge.  Nor would he think Electra capable of executing the duties of Headman.  In this she would agree—she had no experience leading a militia.  King Geoffrey would certainly station a squadron of Fernland's royal guardsmen there.
Electra shook her head.  She could not allow that.  Not yet.  Not as long as there was a chance Dagon would return.  She dipped her pen into the ink once more and began to write.

Dorian,
If you are reading this you have acted as I have hoped and have not given away the fact that our Headman is gone on a dangerous journey.  I am attempting to keep a persistent visitor away from Helsop. Pretend to take this message to Dagon, and send King Geoffrey's messenger back to Fernland.  Then, if it would not be asking too much, could you make the trip down here to Fernland with an assortment of weapons?  I feel it is imperative that we do not allow this Prince Oswald to visit, nor should we admit to my father that Dagon is absent from Helsop.  I believe Dagon made a mistake leaving me in charge, but this is the best subterfuge I have devised at present.  If you are unable to come yourself, please appoint someone you trust to come in your place and bring along the message I have written below as a reply.
With gratitude for your help, 
Electra
 


My Dear Electra,
Some person or persons have made an attempt to break into our supply of the white powder.  For the time being we are allowing no strangers into the village.  You may tell Prince Oswald that I will send a man along with this message and a selection of the weapons we have for sale.  If he wishes to put in an order, we will do our best to supply it.
I hope you will be returning soon.
With affection,  
Dagon



Electra sealed the message with wax and quietly opened her door.  No one was about yet on the floor that housed the royal family.  She stepped carefully down the stairs and out the castle door.  She approached the royal guardsman at his post just outside the castle door and asked where she could find a messenger.
"There is always one waiting at the drawbridge tower.  They'll be letting the bridge down soon, it's almost sunrise."
"Thank you," Electra said.
"Shall I call a page to take your message?" the guardsman asked.
"No, I will take it myself," Electra replied.
She raced to the drawbridge and found the messenger eating breakfast in the tower.
"Will you take this message to Helsop as soon as the drawbridge comes down?" Electra asked.
"Of course, Your Highness.  Who is it for?"
"It is for Headman Dagon—but he may be out hunting now that the snow has melted.  If he is gone, you may give the message to the blacksmith, Dorian.  You need not wait for a reply."
"Yes, Your Highness.  I will leave as soon as dawn arrives."
Electra left the tower and walked to the edge of the drawbridge.  She did not know if her father demanded that any messages sent by his men must first be read and approved by him.  She watched the tower carefully but no one exited until dawn.  As the eastern sky turned pink, the messenger came out, saddled his horse and rode across the bridge as soon as it was lowered.  Electra let out a sigh of relief and returned to the castle.

She opened the door to the breakfast room an hour later to find her mother, father, brother, Bataar, Odval and the Caliph already seated around the table.
"You must have had a long sleep," her mother said.  "No doubt you needed it."
"Not so long.  I took your advice about sending a message to Dagon, asking whether Prince Oswald might visit.  The messenger left with it as soon as the drawbridge was lowered."
"You did?"  Delphinia glanced at King Geoffrey.  "I really can not imagine why he would object.  Prince Oswald sends his regrets for being absent at breakfast.  He wanted to breakfast early and practice on the archery field this morning.  I'm sure he will be delighted with this news.  We all are, of course.  It means your visit will be extended at least until we receive a reply.  I know I am being selfish and you have your school to consider, but we do so treasure your visits."
Electra smiled.  "As do I."
Avor looked up from his plate and spoke to Bataar.
"How about you, Bataar?  Could you extend your stay as well?"
Bataar grunted at Avor with a hint of a smile.  "We leave soon day.  You come stay Barburee."
Avor glanced at his father and could see the frown forming.  Before his father could refuse for him, Avor spoke for himself.
"I wish I could but I have work to do here at the shipyard."  He smiled at his friend.  "Especially if you plan to steal our ship builders from us."
Bataar laughed.  "I do."  His laughter died as he turned to the Caliph.
"When you leave? Bring ships to Barburee?"
The Caliph put down his knife and fork.  "We plan to leave in a fortnight.  Are you certain you would not like to travel by ship as well?"
"Barburee ride horse," Bataar replied gruffly, as though any other means of travel would be unthinkable.
"Yes, of course," the Caliph replied, nodding in understanding.
"You bring three ship.  We maybe take two."
"As I said before—we need all the ships we presently have, but we could build two like them, or perhaps bigger and better."
"You talk Great Khan.  Then see." Bataar said with finality.
Bataar stood up and Odval quickly stood as well.  Without Magsa beside her she could not follow the conversation but still took her cues from Bataar's actions.
Electra walked over to Odval and took her hand.  "We will miss you, Odval," she said.
She hoped Bataar would tell Odval later what she had said.  And she hoped that Odval would refrain from telling him about a black panther and two little girls with supernatural powers, although that was likely an unrealistic hope.  She pointed to the fertility charms around Odval's neck and winked as she smiled.

As soon as Bataar and Odval left the room, King Geoffrey glowered at the Caliph.
"I think you are making a mistake, doing business with Barburee."
The Caliph shrugged.  "He offers an opportunity for us to return to our beloved city.  Who  could have predicted such a thing?  It smacks of the hand of fate."
"I do not trust him," King Geoffrey stated.
"Nor do we of course," agreed the Caliph.
"I think it an odd coincidence that he and his men were in residence when our white powder was destroyed," King Geoffrey mused.
Prince Avor showed his alarm.  "They were all at the Lake.  We practiced buzkashi the evening before.  It could not have been him or his men."
"How difficult would it have been for one man to slip away unnoticed?" his father asked.
"He sees himself as Fernland's friend," Avor insisted.  "I am sure of it."
King Geoffrey went back to his breakfast, but his dark mood was so pervasive that no one else felt inclined toward further conversation.
Electra's stomach suddenly felt upset.  She had not known her father suspected Bataar of the crime.  Would her lie about an attempt to destroy Helsop's supply further incriminate Bataar in her father's eyes?  She pushed her food aside and wiped a thin sheen of perspiration from her forehead.  A lie did indeed weave a tangled web.

Chapter 37

Outside Hammer Haven

A cool, brisk breeze filled the sails of the rafts guided by the Helsop men.  They steered close to shore, examining yet another river mouth for signs that matched Leif's description.  Dagon slowed his progress, dragging an oar in the water as they maneuvered past the out flowing stream.  Their supplies were dwindling and they were two days past their estimated time of arrival.
Tandor pointed to a jumble of rocks set in the middle of the out flowing water.  Dagon kept his eyes fixed on the outline of the rocks.  He shouted to Tandor.
"If this is our river, the topmost rock should resemble a bird's head and beak."
Dagon frowned as he studied the highest rocks.  He saw no profile resembling a bird, no matter how much he willed it.  He took down the sail to further slow their progress.  They passed the rock jumble slowly, turning their heads first one way, then another.  As they drew parallel to the mound of rocks, Tandor shouted in excitement.
"I see it.  I see it.  It will be clear in a moment."
They passed the pile of rocks and the bird's profile took shape.  Soon all six men were pointing at the rocks and shouting.  Dagon continued past the mouth of the river along the shore of Cold Lake, looking for a beach where they could drag their boats ashore.  He pointed to a sandy incline up ahead and all three rafts headed toward it.
Dagon and Tandor jumped off as soon as their raft touched bottom.  They continued to pull the raft toward shore before they lost momentum.  When all three rafts were grounded the six men wrestled them a little further into the sand, then cut down bushes to hide the rafts from anyone sailing by.
Deimos sat beside his raft to rest.  "I had begun to wonder if Leif was in his right mind when he told us the story of Hammer Haven.  I thought perhaps no such place really existed," he said wearily.
Olaf nodded in agreement.  "We could still find a situation different from what he described.  Perhaps his people are not really in need of rescue."
Dagon shook his head.  "The voyage Leif undertook is not one I would have made if conditions were not dire."
Otto looked out at the lake.  "He said it was half a day's journey from here up river against a strong current to reach the castle."
Dagon looked out at the size of the river's outflow, marked by a muddy color quite distinct from the dark blue of the lake.  "I expect he is right.  We could cover the distance faster walking."
Tandor rubbed the sand from his eyes.  "If we wanted to leave in a hurry, we would do better to try to take the rafts up river now.  That way the current of the outgoing stream would aid in our escape."
Dagon sat with his chin resting on his fingertips.  "That is so, yet we run more risk of being discovered the closer we venture toward the castle.  I think we should scout the river between here and the castle before we dare to go closer.  We need to see what the situation calls for before we make a plan."
Maki the Scout stood up.  "Let me look around first and see where we are."

Maki returned a few moments later.  "The trails are little used except by animals.  I smell no smoke, I see no signs of any settlements.  I believe our rafts will be safe here."
Dagon considered for a moment.  "Let us go see Hammer Haven.  We will not take the time to cover our tracks yet.  If we come across Vagan outposts or guards, we will cover both sets of  tracks on our return."
The men made a fire and cooked the fish they had caught on their drag lines.  Most of the dried meat brought from Helsop had been eaten.  They filled their pockets with what fish they had left and started south along the river bank.
Maki the Scout took the lead, walking ahead of the other men.  The remaining five men walked quietly, alert to any signs of Vagan guards.  They heard movement on the trail ahead, but could see no men approaching.  Dagon signaled a halt and Maki the Scout turned back pressing his fingers to his lips.  They all stepped off the trail and hid in the bushes.  No one breathed a word.  A few seconds passed, then a grey wolf loped by, followed by four others in his pack.  They sniffed the air and the trail with their long noses.
The animals had the men's scent and stared right at them through the bushes that screened them.  The pack seemed nervous. Their fur bristled and their ears twitched as they passed. Perhaps they had previous experience with men and feared them.
Dagon stood up and whispered to Maki.  "It is rare to see wolves during the day."
Maki nodded his agreement.  "I could see movement from the high ground but could not make out what was coming.  I thought it best to take cover.  They might have attacked a single man, but they were afraid of so many together."
The men proceeded with a little more confidence.  There was little likelihood of encountering Vagans guards.  If there were guards regularly deployed in this area, they knew wolves would avoid coming here.
At a curve in the path, Maki turned back again to join the others.
"I can see the castle in the distance from the rise ahead.  It is another two or three miles from here."
Dagon looked up at the sun.  It was halfway between its apex and the horizon.
"Let us stop here until dusk.  We will go the rest of the way then and arrive at the castle under cover of darkness."
The six men found patches of ground free of bushes and lay down to nap until dusk.

As the sun set over the western horizon, Dagon roused the men and they set off for the castle.
From the top of a hill, Maki signaled them to move forward cautiously.  Below them lay the castle at the edge of the wide dark river.  They were close enough to see movement within the castle.  Torches cast shadows on the walls surrounding the castle and lamps showed figures passing by windows.  From the courtyard in front of the castle they could hear loud, drunken voices, singing and shouting punctuated with laughter.
"If they be Vagans, they seem to be enjoying themselves," Deimos observed.
"Mayhap a little too much," Dagon added.  "Wait here.  I want to go a little closer."
Dagon returned a few minutes later.  His expression was hid in darkness but his voice was grim.  "It is as Leif described.   The women and children are there to serve the Vagans.  I suspect we will find the men imprisoned in the village just as Leif said.  I would like to make sure, but the village is off to the east and we will have no trail to follow in the dark."  Dagon stopped to give his men time to consider whether or not they wanted to go on.
Maki the Scout spoke first.  "There is a quarter moon and we have Leif's directions.  I think we can find it."
"No reason to delay," Deimos said with conviction.
The men turned east toward Hammer Haven.  They reached the village an hour later, scratched and weary from forging a path through thick foliage.  They were not aware of the village until they were almost upon it.  No lights glowed here and no laughter flowed from the vacant houses.  A thorough search of the town revealed no sign of life.
Dagon called his men together.  "According to Leif the forges are located just to the south of the village.  We may as well go on and see what we find there."
They moved past the village like phantoms, slower and more attuned to any sound than before.  As they moved south of the village, the smell of smoke led them to a fire in front of a group of sheds—the forges.  A few guards stood outside the forges, grumbling at their bad luck in having to take their turn at guard duty.
Inside the forge sheds all was quiet.  Dagon considered the situation.
"The men of Hammer Haven must be imprisoned inside those sheds, just as Leif said.  We need to get a message to them somehow."
"Shall we take out the guards?" Deimos asked.
"Not yet.  Let us try to circle around the forges to see if there is a way inside from the rear."
The men walked around in a wide half circle.  The forges were nestled into the hillside with no hope of attaining entrance.
The tired men sat at the bottom of the hill and considered their best course of action.  Maki the Scout joined them.  "There is a cave jutting into the hillside a little ways up.  We could take cover there and see what the morning brings."
The men crawled up the hill, ate what little bits of fish they had squirreled away in their pockets and lay down at the far end of the cave to sleep.

Chapter 38

Hammer Haven

The next morning the Helsop men awoke before dawn, cold and damp from their night in the cave.  They huddled around a single candle, savoring its small warmth.
"We will need to observe their daily routine, then find a way to get a message to the Hammer Haven men," Dagon began.
As the first glimmer of light seeped into their cave, Olaf's eyes widened in surprise.
"This is not a cave," he said, "look at these walls."  He ran his hand down the chipped surface of the cavern wall.  "This is a mine shaft.  And this..." he patted the red ore that lined the shaft.  "This is iron ore."
Maki the Scout took the candle and started back along the tunnel wall.  "Here is a shaft going off to the right," he called.  "It looks newer than the main shaft.  And here is another going straight into the hillside."
The men followed Maki who held the candle up to light their way in the dark shaft.  They could see the fresh cuts into the iron ore veins.
"See how far this tunnel goes," Dagon said.  "We may be trapped here if the Vagans come to mine the ore today."
Dagon walked back to the mine entrance as the first rays of sunlight found the mouth of the cave.  He looked down the hill to the forge area.  The Vagan guards were leading a line of shackled prisoners up the hill.  Dagon knew they were on their way to this shaft to begin mining the iron ore they needed to produce weapons in their forges.
Dagon hurried back to his men.  "We have no choice now but to stay.  The miners are already on their way.  If we guess correctly we can hide in the shaft they will be working today and give them a message in person."
Maki pointed behind them.  "This is the shaft that has the most recent work.  The cuts are fresh.  My best guess would put them there to continue working that vein."
"Make sure we leave nothing behind to give ourselves away," Dagon said.  "Take the candle and check the area where we slept.  And stay quiet.  They will be here any minute."
The men stepped back into the side shaft's dark interior, hardly daring to breathe, waiting, as they heard the clanking of the prisoners' shackles and the grumbling of the guards drawing ever closer.

The shackled prisoners waited outside as the guards entered and set torches into holes chiseled into the walls.
"Get to it, you lot," a Vagan guard shouted as he left the mine shaft.
Another guard handed out picks, shovels, baskets and chisels to the Hammer Haven men as they entered the mine, one by one, in a long line.  The first man in line took a torch from the wall and headed back into the gloom of the mine shaft with the other chained men clanking their way close behind.  He entered the side shaft and stumbled to a stop when he saw Dagon standing before him with his finger to his lips.
"Who are you?" the man whispered.
"We have come to help," Dagon whispered back.
"Get started in there," a guard shouted.  "The iron's not going ta mine itself."
The sound of a few picks and chisels echoed out from the shaft.
"If I have to bring you back out to get you working, you'll not like the consequences," another guard yelled.
The Hammer Haven men all began to pick and hammer furiously.
"What do they threaten you with?" Dagon asked the first man.
"They will whip our families," the man said, as he swung his pick. "Who are you?" the man asked a second time.
"We are your cousins.  An old man named Leif found our settlement and asked us to help you," Dagon replied.
Leif is alive?"
"He is.  He came the length of Cold Lake to find our settlement."
The man's eyes lit up with hope.  "How many are you that came to help?"
"We are six men."
The man's eyes glazed over.  "With six only it is not possible.  You should get out and return to your village before the Vagans find you."
"You are quick to lose hope," Dagon said.
"Our families are still alive.  They are being kept at the castle.  If we overpower the guards and try to escape they will kill our families."
"This much we know."
"Then you also know, even if you free us from our shackles we are too few to overpower the Vagans and save our families."
"We have a way to put the Vagans to sleep and free your families."
The man's eyes betrayed a cautious hope.  "If we killed them all, more would come.  King Endor's army is gone.  We are tool makers, not soldiers."
"The Vagans have boats.  We will take you back to our village far to the west on the Vagan boats."
The man stilled his pick.  "You would do that for us?  How are you our cousins?"
"My father's father bore my name.  He left with some others when King Endor took over Hammer Haven.  At least that is the story Leif told us."
"I have heard that some part of our village left long ago and died in the attempt," the man said.
"They did not die—at least not all.  But I must warn you—our village was very poor until recently, and even now we are not what you would call prosperous."
The man looked down at his shackles.  "Any place without shackles seems too great a dream to aspire to."
"Who is your headman?"
"His name is Steig.  He works in the forge.  I am Otto."
"One of our six is called Otto.  Perhaps you really are cousins."  Dagon was quiet for a moment while he thought.  "We must scout out the Vagan boats and devise a plan before we convey a message to your headman, Steig.  Do you come here every day?"
"Usually.  Unless we have a surplus of iron ore.  Then we are assigned other tasks.  We never know in advance."
"Tell Steig what I have told you.  Tell him I will give messages here to the first man in line.  We will take as long as we need to agree on a plan before we act."
Dagon stepped back out of the torchlight to tell his men of his conversation with Otto.

"They are very worried about their families," Dagon explained to his men.  "They will be reluctant to try anything that puts their families in danger.  If we try to fight the Vagans, even with the help of the freed Hammer Haven men—there will be casualties.  They will never agree to that.  I told Otto we will try to put the Vagans to sleep.  If this works we should be able to get their families out of the castle without loss of life.  I know they will go along with such a plan."
Dagon looked at his men but could not see their faces in the dark of the mine shaft.
"Do the Vagans never leave the castle?" Deimos asked.
"That is something I will ask Otto.  Yet if they do leave, they would likely leave by boat and we need their boats if we are to escape with so many.  We must strike quickly if we learn that any are planning a voyage."
"Is the river navigable at its mouth?" Maki asked.
"It is, according to Leif, though he doubts the Vagans venture out onto Cold Lake.  They take what others have and there are no settlements on Cold Lake to conquer."
The men were quiet while they thought of various ways to slip the sleeping potion Electra had given them into the Vagans' food or drink.
"Where are the keys kept that will unlock the prisoners' shackles?" Tandor asked.
"Another good question," Dagon said.  "I will take all our questions back to Otto before they leave the mine."

When Dagon returned to ask more questions of Otto he could feel the eyes of the Hammer Haven men on him.  News had traveled quickly along the line of chained men.  By the time the Hammer Haven men left the mine at day's end, they had hope for the first time in many weeks.

Chapter 39

Hammer Haven

Dagon and his men waited in the mine shaft until dark before they slipped out quietly and returned to the deserted village of Hammer Haven.  Tandor remembered seeing a few blankets in one of the houses.  They decided to take those, knowing they would be spending at least one more night in the mine shaft.
Although all the men were hungry and anxious to get back to their rafts where they could hunt for food, Dagon wanted another look at the castle first.
"We need to find a spot where we can safely watch for a way to taint their food," he said.
Maki the Scout moved ahead to look for a good vantage point.  A few minutes later he rejoined the men on the outskirts of the castle courtyard.
"There is a rock ledge that looks down on the courtyard.  We could be seen from the corner tower in daylight, but we should be safe from detection in the dark."
Dagon nodded.  "Good.  We will observe their evening rituals before we make a plan."
Maki turned in the opposite direction.  "I will circle around and try to find out how many Vagans are guarding their boats," he said as he slipped away into the night.
The remaining five men continued on to the rocky ledge, wrapped themselves in blankets, and settled down to watch and learn.
The Vagan men gathered in the courtyard of the castle to drink ale, sing songs and tell stories around fires.  Hammer Haven children brought them jugs of ale to refill their cups when they waved them in the air.  The women worked inside cooking, cleaning and trying to stay away from the drunken river pirates.  
Dagon watched carefully to see where the children went to fill their jugs.  They left with their empty jugs and walked down an incline to a door that opened onto a square building annexed to the castle.  When they returned a few minutes later, their jugs were full again.
Dagon pointed to the square building.  "That is where their ale is stored.  If we pour the sleeping potion into the ale it should work.  I doubt they allow the women and children any share of it."
The men waited on the ledge until Maki joined them.
"Nine men guard the boats," he reported.  "A small grove of trees separates them from the castle courtyard.  The children take ale and food down to the guards by way of a narrow path through the grove."
Dagon took a last look at the square building that housed the barrels of ale.  "Good.  I think we have all the information we need."
The men carefully backed off the ledge and found the trail that would take them back to their rafts.  Around midnight they reached the beach where their rafts waited , still hidden and undisturbed.
"I know we are all tired," Dagon said, "but come morning we will be weak from hunger.  Let us put out some lines and a net.  Perhaps we will wake up to find we have caught some fish.  We can put out a few snares for rabbits as well."
The exhausted men nodded and worked by candle light to set their nets and snares before collapsing into a deep sleep.
When Dagon awoke late in the morning he smelled fish cooking.  Tandor had pulled in the net with five large fish and already had two of them turning on a spit over the fire.
"I knew the smell would wake you," Tandor said, smiling.
Maki walked up from the beach carrying another fish, caught on one of the lines they had baited and left to float on the lake.
"I'll go and check the snares," Dagon said.  "Good work."
Dagon found one of his snares sprung but whatever had been caught had managed to escape.  He gathered up the other snares and walked back to the campfire.
"No luck there.  It will be fish for breakfast."
Deimos walked into camp with two game birds he had shot with his bow and arrows.  Dagon laughed.  "Am I the only one with no luck this day?"
The men ate their fill and then went back to sleep for a nap, this time with full stomachs.

That afternoon, well rested and well fed, the Helsop men laid out their plans.  They sat  around the smoldering campfire.  Dagon spoke first.
"There are four guards that take the miners back and forth, six guards that stay to oversee the smiths at their forges and nine that guard the boats.  The nine drink from the same ale as the Vagans that gather in the courtyard every evening. If we succeed in doctoring their ale, the nine guards should not pose a problem.  Tandor and I will take care of slipping the sleeping potion into their ale.  That leaves four of you to deal with the ten Vagans who guard the Hammer Haven men.  Any suggestions?"
"I have thought on this," Olaf said.  "The guards have the key that unlocks the shackles.  I think we should disable the four guards just outside the mine shaft.  Then we can unshackle the miners and  have plenty of man power to take out the six remaining guards at the forge."
Dagon thought for a moment, imagining it in his mind.  "That should work if you walk out with the miners as they leave the mine and take the guards by surprise before they have a chance to attract the attention of the six guards below at the forges.  It might be a good idea to put on the guards' clothing as well, so that the forge guards will not notice anything amiss as you descend the hill."
Maki nodded in agreement.  "Do we know how long it takes the potion to work? Do you want us to wait to join you and Tandor until all the Vagans in the courtyard are asleep?"  
"It should take under an hour," Dagon replied.  "As long as most are asleep, we can help the others along the old fashioned way."  He glanced at Deimos.
Deimos pursed his lips, thinking.  "We will wait close to the grove of trees that separates the boats from the castle's  courtyard.  That way if the boat guards take too long to fall asleep we can help them along—the old fashioned way—with taps on the head."
"We sleep in the mine shaft tonight," Dagon ordered.  "If the Hammer Haven men are in agreement, we will strike tomorrow at day's end."

The six Helsop men made the long trek back to Hammer Haven a second time and arrived after dark.  They took their places in the newest shaft of the mine, wrapped their blankets around them and slept the few remaining hours until dawn.
As the first of the shackled men walked into the mine shaft that morning, Dagon could see him anxiously searching the shadows.  When Dagon stepped forward the man took a deep breath and reached out to shake hands.
"I am Steig, Headman of Hammer Haven.  I was afraid you might have changed your mind and left—not that I would have blamed you."
The man was middle aged with dark brown hair, streaked with grey.  He had the hard muscled arms of a blacksmith.
"Otto feigned sickness today so that I could take his place in the mines," he said.  "Do you have a plan yet?"
"We do," Dagon replied.  He briefly relayed the plan his men had agreed to at their morning meal.
Steig's face lined with worry.  "I would rather the potion were poison.  Have you used this sleeping tincture before?"
"No," Dagon replied, "but I trust the one who gave it to me absolutely."
"We can overpower the guards easily," Steig said.  "We have only refrained from doing so for our families' sakes."
"I am sure you could," Dagon agreed, "but for the four men we have assigned the task, there will be the element of surprise."
Steig nodded.  "I can not promise my men will not attempt to extract some measure of revenge—even on sleeping men."
"I understand," Dagon said," but it would be best if we left quickly with their boats.  Do any of your men have knowledge of seamanship?"
"Not much," Steig admitted.  "But we have often been put to work manning the galley oars.  We have some notion of what to do."
"We counted eight ships," Dagon said.  "Will all your people fit on the eight?"
Steig closed his eyes.  His fellow miners were picking and hammering loudly to avoid any interference from their captors.
"It will certainly be crowded, but we will make it work somehow," Steig decided.
"Tonight then," Dagon stated.
"Tonight it is," Steig seconded.  He passed the news to the man on his left and the story quickly passed down the line of excited men.

Dagon stepped back into the shadows to inform his men.
"I have met their headman, Steig.  I like him," Dagon said.
"Did he have any suggestions?" Deimos asked.
"He suggested we use poison instead of a sleeping potion."
Deimos smiled.  "I like him too."
The men continued to refine their plans, then took naps in the darkness of the mine, waiting for the day to end and their mission to begin.

Chapter 40

Fernland's Castle

Electra waited all morning near the drawbridge to the castle, anticipating Dorian's arrival.  She was surprised when he finally rode across in the company of El Grande, the Gypsy leader who had been allowed to settle his people in Henge.
She waved to Dorian as he crossed the bridge.
"I hoped you would arrive today," she said as he reined his horse to a stop beside her.  She glanced at El Grande and decided not to say too much in his hearing.  "El Grande, what brings you back to Fernland?"
El Grande tipped his cap to Electra.  "We met along the way.  I bring a message for Take the Thief.  Perhaps you know where I might find him?"
Electra thought it best to deal with El Grande before conferring with Dorian.  "He is close by.  I will show you the way."
The two men dismounted and followed Electra to the marketplace.  She noticed the bulges in the saddlebags on Dorian's horse.  He must have brought a large selection of weapons along to show Prince Oswald.
They passed by the empty bakery stall and turned toward the stock yards.  Electra stopped in front of Take's shack and knocked on his door.
Take opened the door, surprised to see who had come calling.
He looked from one to another.  He knew Electra well.  He had lived briefly at the Gypsy camp in Henge so he also knew El Grande.  He stared at Dorian, wondering who he was and why he was here.
Electra followed his thoughts with amusement.  "This is Dorian, a friend and a sword maker from Helsop," she said.  "And  Dorian, this is my friend, Take the Thief, or should I say, Take the Prince?" Electra asked with a flourish of her hand.
Take blushed furiously.  "What do you mean by that?" he snapped.
"Serafina told me."  Electra tried to hide a smile.  "It is not a secret is it?"
Take looked around to see if any stranger was in hearing distance. "Come in, all of you."  His face betrayed his irritation.
They all stepped inside the dusty shack, empty save for three cots, now that the theatrical props had all been moved to the new theatre on King's Lake.
El Grande reached into his tunic.  "I have a message for you from old King Blackwell.  I'm afraid if it was a secret about him being your father, the secret is out.  He's been telling anyone who'll listen."
Take broke the seal and opened the note from his father.

My son Take,
You must return to Henge without delay.  Come alone or bring your actor friends—it doesn't matter. I plan to take back my throne from your pompous brother.  I will find a way to get our generals to support me.  Then it will be up to me as to which of my sons succeeds me when I die and I'll tell you now that you are the front-runner.

Your father and future king,
Phinneas Blackwell

Take crumpled the letter in his fist and ran his fingers through his hair.  "Wonderful news.  I'm now the front-runner to become the future king of Henge."  The sarcasm in his voice alarmed Electra.
"Are you serious?"
"Read it yourself," he said, tossing her the crumpled note.
Electra scanned the note quickly.
"Serafina said there was tension between the Blackwells but I never imagined it would come to this."  Electra read the note a second time, more slowly, shaking her head.  "What will you do?"
Take shrugged.  "Stay as far away from Henge as possible, for one thing.  I should send a reply—tell him I'm not going back to Henge, nor do I want to be the future king—but that might only make things worse."  He looked at El Grande.  "Do you think you could just tell him I've left and you couldn't find me?"
El Grande shook his head.  "I have to live there.  I dare not make him angry.  At present he trusts me more than he trusts his soldiers.  That is why he chose me to carry the message."
Electra took a deep breath.  "I am sorry, Take.  I do not envy your situation.  I will tell no one about your relationship with the Blackwells.  If there is anything I can do to help..."  Her voice trailed off and she tilted her head toward the door as a signal to Dorian that they should leave.
Outside the shack, Electra whispered to Dorian.  "Thank you for coming.  I see your saddlebags are full.  You have brought weapons to show Prince Oswald?"
"I have."  Dorian glanced back at the shack they had just left.  "Is that really a son of Blackwell lives there?"
"He is, but it is a long story and one I should have kept to myself."
Dorian cast one last glance at the dilapidated shack and looked back at Electra with worried eyes.  "We have had no word from Dagon as yet."
Electra sighed.  "If all went as planned they should have reached Hammer Haven by now."  Electra understood the worry in Dorian's eyes.  His son, Tandor, was one of the five men who had accompanied Dagon.  "I am sure they are fine," she said, wondering if they were even still alive.  She changed the subject.
"I wanted to meet you at the drawbridge because I thought you might be intercepted by one of the royal guardsmen and relieved of the message I asked you to write."
Dorian looked puzzled for a second.  Then he nodded.  "Yes, of course.  The message that is supposed to be from Dagon."  He reached into his tunic and pulled out a rolled-up scroll.  "I wrote it exactly as you wrote it, but changed it to look like Dagon's handwriting," he said in a low voice.
Electra reread the message she had written to appear to be from Dagon.

My Dear Electra,
Some person or persons have made an attempt to break into our supply of the white powder.  For the time being we are allowing no strangers into the village.  You may tell Prince Oswald that I will send a man along with this message and a selection of weapons we have for sale.  If he wishes to put in an order we will do our best to supply it.  I hope you will be returning soon.
With affection,
Dagon

Electra considered the message and decided it needed one small addition.  She turned to Dorian.  "Would you add these words to the end?  'We have a few taken ill here'."
Dorian nodded but his face had a questioning look.
Electra brought out a quill and ink from her bag.  "I need a reason to return to Helsop without delay and a 'few people taken ill' will give me the excuse I need."
Dorian made the addition, blew on the ink to dry it and returned the scroll to Electra.
"Good," she said, putting the scroll in her pocket.  "Is anyone ill, by the way?"
"No.  Your students seem to be looking for signs of illness to practice on.  That may be why no one is admitting to having any."  Dorian smiled.
Electra laughed out loud.  She had not suspected that Dorian had a sense of humor.  "I can understand their reluctance."  She thought of her fledgling crop of medical students and realized she missed them.
"Are the twins or the panther causing any trouble?"
Dorian considered the question before answering.  "People are on guard around all three, but I think they have become a bit proud of housing such a unique brood in their village."
"As am I," Electra admitted.  "I miss them all fiercely.  Let us go then and show our Helsop wares to Prince Oswald.  Hopefully we can both return home to Helsop on the morrow with Sandovian coins in our pockets."

Chapter 41

Fernland

Electra stopped halfway up the steps to the castle.  A page ran down to meet her.
"Queen Delphenia wishes to see you.  She says it is an urgent matter.
Electra looked down at Dorian, waiting beside his horse in the courtyard.  
"Please find two porters to help that man with his merchandise," she said, pointing to Dorian. "Prince Oswald has summoned him.  He has come all the way from Helsop.  His name is Dorian.  Take him along with his wares to the prince and see to his horse."
The page nodded and darted off to find porters. Electra waved at Dorian and ran up the outside steps to the castle door, then up the inside steps to the family living quarters.  She should have asked the page where she would find her mother.  She knocked at the door to her parents' suite and was relieved to hear her mother's voice.
"Come, come."
Electra opened the door and Delphinia jumped up from her chair.  Her assistant, Daisy, jumped up as well.
"Electra!  I am so happy to see you.  Where have you been?  No, never mind.  You are here now.  That is what matters.  We have so much to do.  Bataar is leaving us tomorrow at sunrise.  I can never quite understand the man, but this time it is certain.  And now we learn the Caliph and Physician Rabar are leaving early as well.  I would have liked to say goodbye in a grand fashion but with so little time we must make do with a dinner.  You are so good with menus my dear.  Would you like to take over that part of the planning?"
Electra could hardly believe what she was hearing.  She was surprised to hear that Physician Rabar, her mentor, and the Caliph were leaving so soon, but the part of her mother's speech that shocked her into silence was the part that proclaimed Electra 'good with menus'.  The last time she had planned a menu, the Barburians had thrown half their food on the floor.
Finally she found her voice.  "I saw Take the Thief this morning.  Perhaps I could ask him to play some songs.  I am sure you and Daisy would be better than I at menus."
"Yes, that would be a help.  Perhaps you could arrange for that fiddle player to be here.  Everyone raves about his music.  But you must return as soon as you are able. We have so much more to do and the day is already half gone."
Electra took this as her cue to leave.  She thought about showing her mother the forged letter from Dagon, but decided this was not the time.  Delphinia would be more relaxed once the dinner was accomplished.  She raced back down the stairs and through the marketplace to Take's shack.

Take sat on a stump outside his shack juggling three apples.
"That is a good trick," Electra said as she stopped to watch.  "Perhaps you could juggle tonight to entertain Delphinia's dinner guests."
Take looked up with interest.  "The queen is planning something?"
"A farewell dinner for Bataar and his buzkashi players and Physician Rabar and the Caliph as well.  They are all returning to Taz."  Electra wanted to ask Take what message he had sent back to his father but decided it was none of her business and Take likely did not wish to discuss it.
"I'm not sorry to hear Bataar and his raiders are leaving.  But why the Caliph and the physician?  Has Bataar taken them prisoner?" Take asked.
Electra laughed.  "He has no idea they come from Taz.  He wants to hire them to build boats for the Great Khan."
Take continued to juggle.  "Those he hires have a way of becoming prisoners eventually.  I'm glad I know nothing about building ships."
He caught the apples one at a time and set two on the ground while he took a bite out of the third.  "What sort of entertainment is Her Majesty needing?"
"Just some music as the guests assemble before dinner.  She did hope your fiddle player would be available."
"He's staying down at the lake for some reason.  I might be able to fetch him back in time but it would be close."
"We could take the royal carriage.  That way we could bring the Caliph and Physician Rabar back with us as well."
"I would never pass up a ride in the royal carriage.  We'd best start now," Take said as he stuffed his other two apples into his pockets.

When Electra and Take reached the lake, Physician Rabar and the Caliph were just saddling their horses.
"We have come to pick you up," Electra called out from the carriage window.  "We have to make one stop to pick up Shandor as well."
The two men unsaddled their horses and climbed into the carriage with Electra and Take.
"So you are really leaving to return to Taz?" Electra asked.
"We feel blessed by fate for the opportunity," the Caliph answered with a slight bow.  "How good of you to come for us.  We are honored."
Electra faced Rabar with a warm smile.  "I am glad I had this chance to thank you, Physician Rabar, for all you have taught me."
Rabar made a slight bow to acknowledge her thanks.  "How goes your school of medicine?"
The carriage stopped by the theatre and Take jumped out.  He ran up to the small apartment beside the stage.
Electra drew her gaze away from Take and gave some thought to Rabar's question.  "I have only four students and my lessons thus far have had many interruptions, but all in all I am satisfied with the school's progress."
Physician Rabar nodded.  "There is a need for such a school.  I believe the number of applicants will soon astonish you."
"Have you ever given thought to teaching in a school?"  Electra asked.
"I am anxious to return to Taz and continue my experiments with our native herbs—I have thought of little else."
"May I visit one day and learn of your achievements?"
"We are colleagues now.  We must share our discoveries with one another," Rabar stated.
Electra beamed with affection for her mentor.
Take returned with Shandor in tow.  Shandor seemed a little off balance as he walked and Electra wondered if he was too full of wine to play his fiddle.
Take shoved Shandor up onto the bench beside the driver, telling the surprised driver that the queen had requested Shandor be brought along.  Then he took a seat beside Electra in the carriage.
"The fresh air will do him good," Take said, grinning at his carriage companions.
"I remember when first we met," the Caliph said to Take.  "You had just come from spending time with the Great Khan."
"Not by choice," Take replied, with an involuntary shudder.
"Did you find him a reasonable man?" the Caliph asked.
"I found him someone to be feared.  Beyond that, I have no opinion."  Take looked into the Caliph's eyes.  "He is used to having his way and I doubt he is one who would be swayed by flattery."  Take looked out the window of the carriage to signal the end of his comments.
The Caliph sighed, resigned,  "I suspected as much."  Then he smiled at Electra.  "It adds excitement, does it not, to see what the fates have in store for us?"
Electra returned his smile but in her heart she was thinking about six men on Cold Lake and wondering what the fates had in store for them.

Chapter 42

Hammer Haven

Dagon and his men waited in the mine shaft until dusk, when the guards outside called a stop to the work day.
"Pass the ore buckets down the line," a Vagan guard shouted.
The shackled miners added the last pieces of ore they had chipped from the walls of the shaft to their buckets and began handing them down the line.  Four miners at the head of the line pushed iron rocks into their shirts.
After a few minutes the same guard shouted out another command.  "Now the tools."
One by one the shovels, picks, chisels and hammers were passed down the line to the guards who counted them and stowed them in carts outside the mine entrance.
"Out of there now, hands up, one at a time," the guard yelled into the mine.  His voice echoed through the shaft.
Deimos, Otto, Olaf and Maki waited in shadow close to the mine's entrance.  As soon as the first four miners exited the mine dragging their chains as they walked, the four Helsop men fell in beside the line of miners.
The first four miners suddenly pulled out their iron rocks and hit the two nearest guards over the head, knocking them to the ground.  As the other two guards closed in with clubs, the Helsop men hit them from behind, hard enough to stun them.
Following behind the slow moving line of shackled miners, Dagon and Tandor reached the entrance to find the guards stripped of their clothes, gagged and shackled with their own chains.  Maki, Otto, Olaf and Deimos were putting on the guards' clothing while the long line of miners passed  along the keys to free each one in turn.
"Give me one of those shirts," Dagon said.  "I have an idea."
Deimos handed him the shirt of the guard closest in size to Dagon.
"Any problems?" Dagon asked Deimos as he donned a Vagan tunic.
"None."  We will keep the guards gagged so they can not raise an alarm as we near the forges."
Steig was the last man to free himself of his shackles.  He held up the shackles and grinned.  "After we put the guards at the forges into these shackles we'll be taking the keys along with us.  They can be thinking of us while they try to saw their way out of this fine Hammer Haven iron."
Dagon nodded.  "Stay hidden until we have put the castle Vagans to sleep."
Dagon and Tandor wished the others luck and started up the hill, toward the castle.  They kept to the shadows as the Hammer Haven men began their trek down the hill to free their brothers in the forges.

Dagon and Tandor stayed in the cover of trees until they reached the outcrop of rocks that offered a view of the castle courtyard.  They watched as the Vagans began to settle around fires for their evening meal.
"We have to get to that square building attached to the castle.  That's where they keep their ale," Dagon whispered to Tandor.
"Let me go.  I'm a fast runner and could be mistaken for one of the youths delivering ale," Tandor said.
"No.  We will go together.  I will haul you along by your collar as though I am a Vagan about to teach you a hard lesson.  We will try to stay to the shadows, but if someone should notice us, my shirt should convince them I am a Vagan."
"All right," Tandor agreed.
The two men stayed hidden until they reached the edge of the courtyard.  They waited until no one was close by and then Dagon pushed Tandor roughly before him, half dragging him to the square building.  No one seemed to notice except one youth just emerging from the square building with a jug of ale.
Dagon put his finger to his lips and motioned the youth back into the building.  The frightened boy stepped backwards and Dagon grabbed the jug before it fell to the ground.
Once inside, Dagon asked the boy if he knew Steig.  The boy nodded, fearing to speak.
"I am here to help Steig.  We are all going to escape the Vagans this night.  Are you a brave lad?"
The boy looked at him with wide, frightened eyes.  Then he seemed to control his emotions.  "Steig is my uncle."
"Good.  Good.  Then I am sure you are a brave lad.  I am going to pour a bit of this liquid into each jug of ale you take to the Vagans.  Before long they will drop off to sleep.  Can you do this without giving away our plan?"
The boy stood up taller.  "I can do this."
Dagon poured a few drops of the sleeping potion into the jug.  "Say nothing to the other boys.  We will speak to them one at a time.  What is your name?"
"I am Olaf."
Dagon clasped his shoulder as he went out the door.  "Go then, Olaf.  Soon your family will be free."  
Within minutes another boy raced through the door with an empty jug.  He skidded to a stop when he saw Dagon and Tandor waiting inside.
"We are friends of Olaf," Dagon said.  "We are here to rescue you from the Vagans."
The boy looked around.  "Only you?" he asked.
"No, we are many, but we still need your help.  Do you ever take ale down to the guards that wait with the boats?"
"Sometimes.  When one of the Vagans tells me to."
What is your name, Son?"
"I am Leif."
"We know another Leif.  An old man who came to our village."
Leif's eyes opened wide.  "My grandfather?"
"I believe he may be.  He escaped and came to ask for help when the Vagans attacked Hammer Haven."
Leif's eyes filled with tears.  "I knew he wasn't dead."
Dagon took the jug and filled it with ale, then added a few drops of the sleeping drug.  "Fill a few cups and then take some down to the guards at the boats.  It will put them to sleep.  Take care you give nothing of our plan away."
One by one the young boys came in for jugs of ale and one by one they left with ale doctored with drops of the sleeping potion.
Olaf returned, his eyes shining with excitement.  "They are beginning to fall asleep.  It is working.  Should I go to tell my mother?"
Dagon smiled at the boy.  "Not yet.  There is time enough after all are asleep.  Keep filling the cups for now."
Before long, the courtyard was filled with the snores of sleeping men.  Dagon and Tandor ventured out among them with clubs in their hands, ready to use the old fashioned method of inducing sleep if necessary.

The men of Hammer Haven emerged from the trees, full of unspent resentment for their captors.  They kicked the sleeping Vagans, ready to club them if they showed any signs of consciousness.
"We have no time for revenge," Dagon cautioned.  "Find your wives and children and head for the boats.  We leave tonight."
The men raced into the castle and their arrival was greeted with cries of joy as they were reunited with their families.
Steig returned with his wife and three children huddled around him.  "Some of the men want to throw all these sleeping men into the river and take back their village," he told Dagon.
"Their victory would be short lived.  Others would come.  At least this is what Leif told me," Dagon said.
Steig nodded. "I believe he is right.  But what of your village?  Can it survive such an influx?"
"We have new markets open for our tools and weapons.  If you are willing to work, you will be welcome."
"We have never shied away from work.  I will speak to my men."  Steig kissed his wife and stepped into the light of a campfire to call the Hammer Haven men together.
When most of the men were assembled, he spoke in a loud voice.
"We are offered sanctuary in the village of those who left Hammer Haven in our great grandfathers' time.  I believe we should go and rejoin them these many years later.  They have markets for their tools and more orders than they can fill.  If we kill these Vagans and stay, the brothers of these will come and take their place as our overseers.  Are we in agreement?"
The men conferred quietly together and before long all came and stood with Steig.
Steig turned to Dagon.  "We are ready."
"To the boats then," Dagon shouted.

The whole of Hammer Haven, some two thousand strong, swarmed down to the river where the boats stood at anchor.
Dagon and his men were out in front so they saw it first.  Coming down the river, two Vagan boats, full of river pirates, alight with torches, were heading in their direction.
"Take cover!  Take cover!" Dagon shouted.

Chapter 43

Hammer Haven

Dagon's mind whirled as he struggled to come up with a plan quickly.  The Vagan boats were already slowing, beginning the wide turn that would carry them to shore.  Steig was running toward him, as was Deimos.
"Shall I have some of the young lads ready with doctored ale to greet them?" Deimos asked.
"No, too risky.  They could easily become hostages."  Dagon's brow furrowed and his eyes closed as he willed himself to concentrate.  "All right," he began.  "Steig, take a hundred men and go back to the courtyard.  Revive the campfires and begin singing Vagan songs in a drunken manner.  Send all the women and children back to the castle to hide.  Order another hundred men to line the path to the castle on both sides, hidden behind bushes and trees.  When the Vagans are strung out, single file on their way to the castle, I will give the command, 'advance', and we will move in on either side with our clubs.  Deimos, take some men and pull the sleeping guards out of sight as much as you are able. Now everyone—go!"
The men surrounding him ran out to their assignments, shouting instructions to the women and children, and gathering the men they needed to perform the tasks assigned them.  By the time the Vagans stepped ashore, drunken singing wafted out  from the courtyard and the women and children were back in the castle.
Dagon stood hidden in darkness and trees at the start of the narrow trail that led to the castle.  He would wait until the last man started up the trail before he gave his command.  He wanted the Vagans stretched out in a long line where they would be easy prey for the Hammer Haven men.
The first few Vagans off the boat held torches as they came ashore.  They looked about for the guards that should have been there guarding the other Vagan boats.  Dagon could see that they were a little on edge about the guards' absence.  They spoke to one another and three men stayed behind to guard their own boats.  The singing from the courtyard continued and seemed to lull their trepidation.
The Vagan pirates started up the trail.  They knew the way.  They had obviously been here before.  No one bothered to draw his sword.  Dagon scarcely breathed as the line of men started up the trail.  He waited until the last man, sixty in all, cleared the trail head.  He knew as soon as he gave the command the guards would be alerted but nothing could be done about that.  He took a deep breath and shouted, "Advance."
The Hammer Haven men took the Vagans by surprise.  They closed in from both sides and made quick work of the river pirates, wielding their clubs to good advantage.  Only a few Vagans were quick enough to draw their weapons.
As soon as he gave the command, Dagon ran to the boats with Deimos at his side.   Deimos managed to club one guard before the remaining two guards figured out they were under attack.  Dagon and Deimos raced to catch the other two guards who leapt  for the safety of their boats.
Dagon swung his club and one of the two guards went down.  The last guard jumped on board and was almost to the galley of oars before Deimos caught him.  As he swung his club a final time, he was stunned to find the galley full of men sitting silently at their oars.
Dagon was soon beside him, club in hand, ready to take on the oarsmen when they noticed that the quiet men were shackled to their benches.  They sat watching silently to see what this new turn of events would mean for them.
"Are you prisoners?" Dagon asked.
The men just stared at him.  They were dark skinned men with oriental features, thin and wiry in physique.
"Does anyone speak English?" Dagon asked.
No one spoke.
"Should we unshackle them?" Deimos asked.
"Let us ask Steig if he knows anything about them first," Dagon said.
They left the quiet men shackled in place while they went to find Steig.
They found the Hammer Haven men celebrating their victory over the Vagans, happy to have extracted some small measure of vengeance on the men who had enslaved them.
"Find your families, then head for the boats," Dagon shouted.  "Let us take our leave before any more Vagans come calling."
Dagon and Deimos found Steig putting out the campfires once again.  "Your singing saved the day," Dagon told him.  "They were suspicious when they saw no guards at the boats."
Steig spat into the dying embers of a fire.  "We've heard their songs enough to know them by heart."
"The last two boats have men shackled to the oar locks.  They seem to be foreigners.  At least they do not admit to understanding me."
Steig pursed his lips.  "The Vagans deal in slaves.  They could be from anywhere.  Let me ask some of my men who have traded outside Hammer Haven to have a look at them."
Dagon and Deimos waited as Hammer Haven families swarmed around them.
Steig came back a few minutes later with a tall blond man in tow.  "Knut here was born outside.  Married a Hammer Haven girl.  He might be able to speak to them."
The four men returned to the last two boats and Knut tried the three languages he knew to no avail.  "They look oriental," he speculated.  "I would guess they come from the far east."
Dagon and Deimos conferred as they watched the silent men.
"I do not think we should take a chance on releasing them from their shackles just yet," Dagon said.  "They might try to fight us or make a run off the boats.  Then they would be at the mercy of the Vagans when they wake up.  We will try to communicate with them a little at a time and then try releasing a few while we keep a watch over them."
"I agree," Deimos said.  "We can worry about them later.  They are safe enough for now."
Dagon went from boat to boat, thankful for the additional two boats.  All the boats  were full to overflowing.  On each boat he appointed a Captain—either one with some experience handling boats, or lacking that, one who volunteered for the job.  
He had them tie their boats together with long ropes so they would not become separated in the dark, and took his place in the bow of the lead boat, holding a torch aloft to view the shoreline.  Men took their turns at the oars, and the Hammer Haven population started slowly toward Cold Lake.  Amid the refugees' joy and celebration at being free, came whispered fears for what the future might bring.

Chapter 44

Fernland's Castle

The royal carriage drew up to Fernland's castle as the sun sank over the western horizon.  Take the Thief stepped out followed by Princess Electra.
"You and Shandor should begin playing as soon as possible," Electra said.  "Dinner guests may already be arriving.  I am on my way to tell Mother she will have her entertainment."  Electra rushed up the castle steps only to be intercepted by the same page that had stopped her earlier in the day.
"Your father wishes to see you in the throne room at once," he announced.
" I need to change into more formal clothes. Then I must tell my mother I have secured entertainment for this evening's dinner."
"Yes, Your Highness. Your mother has also requested that you see her as soon as possible, but I am to escort you to the throne room first on King Geoffrey's orders," the page insisted.
Electra strived to keep her irritation at bay.  "Very well.  Lead on."

King Geoffrey, Prince Oswald, Prince Avor and Dorian the Swordmaker sat around the table at the base of the raised throne.  The weapons Dorian brought with him lay scattered over the table.
"Electra, my dear," King Geoffrey began, "where have you been?"
"I've been to fetch a fiddle player for mother's entertainment at dinner," she replied.  She noticed that Dorian seemed quite relieved to see her.  She wondered what her father might have said to him to make him uncomfortable.
King Geoffrey continued as though the queen's entertainment was not worthy of mention.  "We are at an impasse with Dagon's man here."
"With Dorian?"
"Who?" her father asked.
"This is Dorian, Helsop's master sword maker and blacksmith."
The king looked at Dorian with renewed interest.  "You made this sword?"
Dorian nodded and seemed to breath a little easier.
"I see."  King Geoffrey nodded slightly as he fingered the edge of the sword.  "Our sword maker here feels it would not be possible for Prince Oswald to go to Helsop to pick out his own weapons for purchase, though he does not know why.  He insists that we speak to you about the matter.  He says the letter you received from Dagon may hold the key to this mystery."
Now she understood Dorian's relief at seeing her.  Prince Oswald had not let go of the idea of going to Helsop.  Electra stood taller since no one had as yet invited her to sit at the table.  "Dorian is correct.  I did receive a letter today.  I intended to share it with you as soon as I had a chance, though it concerns a delicate matter that should, perhaps, remain confidential."  She withdrew the little rolled up parchment from her sleeve and handed it to her father.  She remembered exactly what she had written.

My Dear Electra,
Some person or persons have made an attempt to break into our supply of the white powder.  For the time being we are allowing no strangers into the village.  You may tell Prince Oswald that I will send Dorian along with this message and a selection of weapons we have for sale.  If he wishes to put in an order we will do our best to supply it.  I hope you will be returning soon.  We have a few taken ill here.

With affection,
Dagon

King Geoffrey read the letter through to himself more than once but did not read it aloud.  He returned the scroll to Electra.
"Yes, this does change things."  He turned to Prince Oswald.  "I have new information to ponder.  I suggest we change for dinner while I consider what might be done."
The men stood up and filed out of the throne room.  King Geoffrey signaled to Electra to stay behind.  As soon as the door had closed behind all but Geoffrey and Electra, he motioned for her to take a chair at the table.
"This situation with the white powder seems to point to a common enemy for both Fernland and Helsop.  That could be Bataar or Blackwell of Henge.  Have you any thoughts to add?"
Electra shook her head.  "It is a mystery."
King Geoffrey studied his daughter, but did not seem to arrive at any conclusions.  "I do not like to see you return to what may be some sort of epidemic.  What would be served by your contracting a contagious disease?"
Electra stared at her father in disbelief.  She had added the part about a few taken ill to give herself a reason to leave Fernland without delay.  Since when did a few ill persons become an epidemic.  She should never have added that last line.  She realized she had to make some sort of response.  "I seriously doubt Dagon would call me back if he believed it to be an epidemic.  More likely a few have caught a cold.  Be it what it may, I am a physician and I must return to deal with it."
Her father smiled.  "I have my doubts as well, but they are more along the lines of whether or not your mother will allow it."
Electra sensed that further argument was useless.  She would simply leave as soon as she was able.  "I will speak to Mother."
King Geoffrey stood up.  "We will make a decision tomorrow.  I suppose we should not keep our guests from their dinner.  Tell your mother I will be along soon."

Electra found her mother already dressed and ready to receive guests.  "We have our entertainment.  I will change and meet you in the dining room," she said without giving her mother time for a reply.
Electra took her time changing for dinner.  She packed everything she would need for an early morning departure.  She needed to get a message to Dorian.  As soon as the drawbridge was lowered at dawn tomorrow they would leave for Helsop. Perhaps she could avoid speaking to her parents again before she left.
When Electra reached the reception hall, the guests had already moved into the dining room and the musicians were packing up their instruments.
Electra stopped beside Take.  "How went the evening's entertainment?"
Take shrugged.  He was wearing a sailor outfit, as were Shandor, Bear, Tom and Smiles.  "Everyone was busy talking.  I don't know that they really noticed the music, but the queen was happy."  He held up a gold coin.
Electra smiled.  "That is what matters most.  Keeping the queen happy."  Electra leaned in closer and lowered her voice.  "Could you get a message to my friend Dorian in the royal guard quarters?"
Take narrowed his eyes.  "Is this likely to bring me trouble?"
"No.  It should not.  Tell him to be at the drawbridge, ready to leave, at sunrise."  She searched her gown for a coin but found none.
Take raised an open palm to the air.  "Never mind the coin.  I'll tell him.  I would rather you owed me a favor than have another coin."
Electra was surprised to hear this.  She wondered if old King Blackwell had tried a monetary way to his son's heart.  "Thank you then.  I am in your debt."  She waved at the musicians as they left the reception hall.
The doors to the dining room were closed.  As Electra entered she saw that the first course had already been served.  All the seats close to the royal family were taken up by honored guests and members of the buzkashi team.  She found an empty seat at the far end of the table next to Hilgard and Dong Hao.
Hilgard seemed surprised as she took her seat.  "Shouldn't you be sitting with the royal family?" he asked.
Electra shook her head.  "I am too late for that, but I am happy to be here with you and Dong Hao.  How goes your campaign to visit China?"
"Actually, thanks to you, quite well," Hilgard said.
"Thanks to me?"  Electra's shock was evident.
"It turns out, they likely do have vast supplies of the white powder there."  He turned to Dong Hao.  "Tell her, Dong."
Dong Hao was quite excited.  "We have the little explosions that light up the sky.  To honor our emperor.  The colored stars.  Very beautiful.  It is likely the same powder.  I have sent word to my uncle to send some to me.  Maybe King Geoffrey will allow my friend to come back with me to China to buy the white powder.  I am very hopeful."
"That is wonderful," Electra said.  "You realize I was jesting when I suggested it.  I had no idea the white powder could be found there."
"And mayhap," Dong Hao continued in a whisper, "King Geoffrey will give my uncle a ship for the white powder.  No more going overland through the desert full of bandits and Barburians."
"What good news," Electra said.  She looked at her father and realized she was not the only one to keep secrets.  Somehow this helped to assuage her guilt at forging a letter from Dagon.  Perhaps Dagon had not made a mistake leaving her in charge.
A page came by to tap Electra on the shoulder.  "Queen Delphinia requests that you move to the seat beside her," he said.
Electra excused herself and followed the page back to the newly vacated seat beside her mother.
Queen Delphinia fanned her flushed face with a handkerchief.  "Your father tells me you plan to return to Helsop in the midst of an epidemic."
Electra sighed.  It was going to be a long night.

Chapter 45

Manoa

Serafina took a seat for breakfast at her usual table in the dining room of the inn.  The innkeeper came by with a cup of jasmine tea for her.
"We still have some of the cod you brought in yesterday if you would like that for breakfast," he said in a cheerful voice.
"That would be fine," Serafina replied.  "I would like to borrow your wheelbarrow this morning."
"My wheelbarrow?" The innkeeper let out a hearty laugh.  "Just how big a fish are you planning to catch today?"
Serafina joined in the laughter with an old woman's cackle.  "Not that big."  She wiped imaginary happy tears from her eyes.  "I plan to buy some flowers in the marketplace."
"Flowers?"
"I want to help out a friend who sells flowers.  I plan to buy all she has."
"You are a kind and generous lady.  I'll send a boy along with you to help bring them up the hill."
"Send him along later.  I'll leave the wheelbarrow by the flower stall.  You can use the flowers to brighten things up a bit here."
"Kind and generous to a fault," the innkeeper said.  "I've never known such an unselfish person."  The innkeeper walked away shaking his head in disbelief.
After breakfast Serafina pushed the innkeeper's wheelbarrow down the hill to Rose's flower stall.  Today was Friday, the day Henry, the elderly servant at White Cliffs Island, rowed to Manoa for his week's supply of groceries and his weekly visit to the tavern for a pint of ale.  For her plan to work, Serafina needed to reach White Cliffs Island before Henry set out for Manoa.

Rose heard the wheelbarrow heading in her direction and looked up with a curious expression.
"Good morning," Serafina said.
"Serafina, is that you with a wheelbarrow?" Rose asked, listening intently.
"It is," Serafina said, chuckling.  "Are you sure you are blind?  How did you know I had a wheelbarrow with me?"
"You always make me laugh," Rose said.  "I would have to be deaf as well as blind not to know."  She tilted her head, thinking.  "I give up.  Why are you pushing a wheelbarrow?"
"I have come to buy all the flowers in your shop."  She placed a gold coin in Rose's palm.
"Surely you jest."  She ran her finger over the surface of the coin.  "Why would you need so many flowers?"
"I am doing a favor for the innkeeper.  He is having a big celebration of some sort  today at the inn."
"How kind of you," Rose said.  "But all my flowers?  This has never happened before.  I do not know what I will do for the remainder of the day."
"I thought you might say that," Serafina said as she loaded the flowers into the wheelbarrow.  "As it happens I have a surprise for you."
Serafina took Rose's hand and led her away from the stall.
"But the flowers," Rose exclaimed.
"The innkeeper's boy will be down to wheel them back," Serafina said in a soothing voice.
Rose walked along with Serafina, excited but also a little apprehensive.
"We are heading toward the dock?"
"Yes.  Very good.  How are you able to tell?"  Serafina's voice was full of wonder.
Rose smiled and relaxed a little.  "The salt smell, the feel of the boards under my feet.  The cries of the gulls."
"Wonderful.  And now?" Serfina asked.
"I feel the damp of the sea and hear the waves lapping against the pilings."
"Extraordinary.  And now we are here at your surprise.  Step carefully."
Rose put one tentative foot forward and felt the boat slide away in the water.  "A boat?  We are getting on a boat?"
"Yes.  A sailboat.  I am taking you fishing with me."
Rose drew her foot back onto the dock.  "I don't know.  I have never fished before."
Serafina took her hand.  "You do not need to fish.  You can just enjoy the bobbing of the waves and the smell of the sea.  If you change your mind and wish to try your hand at fishing, you can have a turn with my fishing pole."
Rose took a deep breath of the moist air.  Her face showed her excitement as her reservations faded away.  "I will, then.  This is quite an adventure for me."

Serafina anchored at her usual spot just off White Cliffs Island and threw out her line.
"Do you enjoy the taste of fish?" she asked Rose.
Rose trailed her  finger in the water, captivated by the rolling motion of the boat.  "I do occasionally, but you must keep any fish you catch.  I am content to enjoy the day."
Serafina caught a fish but quietly removed the hook and set it free when she saw the elderly servant, Henry, walking toward the dock on White Cliffs Island.
He glanced at the two women in the anchored boat.  He was used to seeing the sailboat anchored off shore by now and gave only a slight nod in their direction as he pushed his boat into the water.
Serafina threw her empty hook back into the water, relaxing against the side of the boat as she quietly lifted an oar from the bottom of the boat.
As soon as Henry passed the sailboat a loud bumping noise followed closely by a scream brought him to a stop.  He quickly turned his craft around to see what had happened.
The sailboat lay on its side in the water and the two women were thrown overboard, hanging on to the mast.
"Help, please," Serafina called out.  "We've been rammed by something big."
Henry rowed toward them as fast as he was able.
Serafina pushed Rose up and over the low rail of the rowboat with a little help from Henry.
"Be careful.  She is blind.  Help her to find a place to sit," Serafina said.
The row boat was barely big enough for two, let alone three.
"I'll just hold on to the side of the boat until we get to shore," Serafina said.
Henry looked back toward the shore where the two guards were already running toward the beach.  It was unclear whether they were there to help or to keep them off the island.
As Henry rowed slowly to shore, the two guards waded out to meet him.
"You know we cannot allow them ashore," one of the guards shouted in a gruff  voice.
"For Mercy's sake," Henry replied.  "One is blind and the other an old woman."
The two guards looked unsure.  "Wait here.  We will ask Tristan," the second guard yelled as he ran toward the house.
A few minutes later, a young man ran out from the big plantation house further up the beach.  The young man was a handsome, fit man with one obvious aberration.  Most of his face was covered with a dark reddish purple color—a port wine stain that he had likely had from birth.  The stain began half way across his forehead, continued down across his nose and took in most of his mouth and chin.  It looked like a lopsided mask, but one that could not be removed when the masquerade ended.
"Henry, Ladies, I apologize for my guards' behavior."  He turned back to his guards.  "Quickly now.  Help me pull the boat ashore."  He offered Rose his hand to climb from the boat and looked more closely at her face when she failed to take his hand.
Rose was crying.  "We are the ones who must apologize to you. We never meant to trespass."  She put out her hands to feel her way out of the boat.
"You are blind?" Tristan asked, watching as she searched the side of the boat with her hands.
"From birth," Rose replied.  "I believe this will be both my first and last adventure at sea."
"Nonsense.  These things happen.  Here, let me help you."  He did not wait for her to take his hand this time, but grabbed her waist with both hands and lifted her from the boat.
"You see how it is," Henry whispered to Serafina who was wading to shore on her own.  "He does not want anyone to see his face.  Other than that he is not such a bad sort."
"I do see," Serafina said.  "I will not mention his defect, nor do I see it as such.  He seems a gentleman."
Henry watched Tristan and Rose walk hand in hand up to the house and turned to Serafina with an astonished expression.  "I don't believe I have ever seen him so happy." 

Chapter 46

White Cliffs Island    

After Rose and Serafina dried off and donned new tunics and pantaloons they were led into the library where Henry had tea and bread with honey set out on a clean white tablecloth.
Tristan stood waiting before an open window.  "I apologize for the men's clothing.  We have no women on the island."
Rose laughed.  "I may look a fright, I do not know, but I have to admit I find the clothes quite comfortable."
"I assure you, you do not look a fright," Tristan replied.  "Men's clothing can not disguise beauty such as yours."
Rose blushed.  "Surely you are only being kind."
"Not in the least.  Henry has made tea and laid out bread and honey for us."
"Yes, I noticed," Rose said.
Tristan tensed and he stared at Rose's eyes.  "You noticed?"
Rose smiled.  "I smelled the tea—jasmine, is it not?  And the bread smells fresh from the oven.  Delicious."
Tristan took a deep breath and relaxed again.  "Your sense of smell is finely tuned.  What else have you noticed?"
"Someone here loves flowers as I do.  I feel the breeze from the open window.  It carries the fragrant mist of jacaranda blossoms."  Rose lifted her chin as she breathed in the air.  "I sense the nutty fragrance of ginger and the lemony aroma of plumeria."  Her nose gave one final twitch.  "And the spicy scent of orchids."
"Amazing!  Simply amazing!"  Tristan gushed.
"And I smell books.  Lots of books.  Are we in a library?"
"We are!  But how would you know the smell of books?"
"I love books.  My father used to read aloud to me before he died.  I treasure that  memory from my youth."
"I will read to you while you have your tea," Tristan declared.
"But we have already put you to so much trouble," Rose argued.
"Not at all—it would be my pleasure to do so.  I, too, love books."

Serafina sat back, unnoticed, with her tea and bread while Tristan read aloud with great flair.  Rose curled her feet under her, much as though she were reliving a childish pleasure, and listened attentively.
After the tea was drunk and two poems read aloud, Serafina broke the spell of enchantment in the room.
"You have been most kind, Sir, to treat us as visitors rather than trespassers.  I suppose we should see to rescuing our boat and getting back to Manoa."
Tristan seemed alarmed.  "Not so soon, surely."  He looked about with a worried face, perhaps searching for the reason they must delay.  "You have not yet seen the island," he decided, finally, as the reason.  "We have a great many species of birds here.  Perhaps you would like a tour?"
Rose seemed as anxious to stay as Tristan was to keep her there.  "I do enjoy the songs of birds.  If you were to act as guide, you might describe the birds we are hearing."
"I could certainly do that.  We have an uncommon number of birds that nest here on White Cliffs," Tristan said, eager to be of service.
Serafina stood up and then sat back down.  "Would you mind terribly if I were to stay here and rest instead?  I am afraid the day's excitement has been too much for my old body."
"I have been selfish," Rose announced.  "I will stay and care for you."
"No, please.  I will feel better if I am allowed a nap.  That is all I need to feel restored," Serafina insisted.
"If you are quite sure, then, we will leave you to your rest," Rose said.

The tour of the island lasted the remainder of the day.  Tristan and Rose returned at sunset, walking hand in hand along the beach.  They entered the house where Serafina waited, dressed in her original clothes, now cleaned and dried by Henry.  She had Rose's clothes in hand.
Serafina stood as the two entered the house.  "The guards have rescued our sailboat.  I believe if we leave now, we can make Manoa before it is completely dark."
Tristan shook his head.  "No, I will not hear of it.  That would be much too dangerous.  You will both spend the night.  We have plenty of room.  Tomorrow we will make arrangements."  He hesitated a few seconds before asking, "Will anyone be concerned if you do not return tonight?"
Rose and Serafina both shook their heads and Tristan seemed relieved.  "Then it is settled."

Henry apologized for the dinner, saying he was low on supplies since he had missed his usual trip to the marketplace.  Everyone assured him that the dinner of fish and island grown bananas and squash was wonderful.
Rose and Tristan talked of books and flowers and the birds that nested on White Cliffs.  The meal and wine lulled them into quiet conversation, but both were reluctant to leave the cozy setting.  Only after Serafina began to yawn did they finally head for their rooms to sleep.
The next morning Serafina woke early and went for a walk around the small island.  Portions of the island were steeped in white guano, the compacted bird droppings that made such a good fertilizer and more to the point—could be processed to make the white powder for exploding arrows.  She judged the island could supply Henge's needs for many years.  Half way around the island she saw a small cove that offered a good mooring.  This would be the site of her fertilizer factory.
At breakfast that morning, Serafina watched as Tristan and Rose fell deeper and deeper in love with one another.
"Your island flowers are so lush.  Do you use the bird droppings as fertilizer in your garden?" Serafina asked.
"Yes," Tristan replied absently.  "We used to sell it to growers."
Serafina leaned forward, interested.  "Perhaps we could purchase a little to take back to Manoa with us.  Rose grows flowers herself and I keep an apothecary garden."
"You may have all you want for free," Tristan replied.
Serafina gave a small bow with her head.  "You are most kind.  I could gather a little now and we would still be able to leave before lunch."
"No, please take your time.  Have one of the guards help you.  Henry is already planning a lunch for all of us.  You must stay."

Lunch was followed by another reading session in the library.  Another walk along the beach brought them to yet another dinner together and another night as guests of the island.  
On the third day, there seemed a need on Rose's part to assess her situation.  "We must leave today," she told Tristan.  "My flower garden will need watering and tending, and my customers will wonder what has become of me."  She seemed a little sad to think of leaving.
"But I have grown so fond of your company," Tristan protested.  "Is there no way you could stay a little longer?"
Serafina seized the opportunity.  "Why do you not stay a few more days, Rose.  I will look in on your flower garden and open your shop.  It will give me something to do until I return north.  I am not anxious to go fishing again.  Perhaps I could sell a little fertilizer as well to make up the losses your shop will have sustained."
Rose laughed.  "I could not let you do my work for me.  It is my responsibility."
Serafina shook her head and patted Rose's hand.  "I insist.  It would be a vacation for me to try something new.  If all goes well, I will return for more fertilizer."
"But, this is impossible," Rose said.  "I can not take advantage of Tristan's kindness more than I already have."
Tristan put his hand on Rose's shoulder.  "It would be a kindness to me if you stay just a little longer."

As Serafina sailed her small craft back to Manoa she guessed a wedding between her island love birds to be no more than a few days' wait.  This would give her the same amount of time to experiment with methods of extracting the precious white powder from the fertilizer she carried in the boat's hold.

Chapter 47

White Cliffs Island

Serafina returned to White Cliffs with a boat full of flowers the day of the wedding.  Rose and Tristan met her as she sailed the small craft into the shallows.  The two guards pulled her ashore and began unloading the flowers.
"You have brought flowers from my garden," Rose said, her voice full of excitement.
"I have," Serafina said,  "and I have brought you a proper wedding dress as well."  She placed a folded garment into Rose's hands.
"Satin.  It feels lovely."  Rose pressed the smooth material to her cheek.  "You must come and help me to put it on."
Tristan put his hand on Serafina's arm.  "How can I ever repay you for bringing Rose into my life?"
"I have done nothing.  I am sure your marriage was written in the stars. And I must thank you for allowing my friend Sloan to mine the fertilizer on the island.  He will continue to send me shipments from time to time after I return north if that is acceptable to you."
"As I said before—take all you want.  A friend of yours is a friend of mine."
Serafina smiled at Tristan.  "I had best see to your bride.  She is anxious to wear her wedding dress."  She leaned heavily on her cane as she headed for the plantation house.

The wedding was a simple affair with only Henry, Serafina and the two guards as guests.  Tristan and Rose said their vows to one another on the veranda of the plantation house.  Rose, dressed in blue satin with her blonde hair pulled up inside a crown of purple orchids, made a beautiful bride.  Bouquets of yellow roses and red ginger decorated  the columns of the veranda.  Bird song filled the air.
Henry prepared a lunch of quail, fruits, vegetable soup and frosted sweets to celebrate the occasion.  Tristan read passages from his books and Rose presented her husband with a garland of plumeria and palm leaves from her garden.
After lunch Serafina stood up.  "Never have I seen two people so well suited to one another.  I thank you for making me a part of this happy occasion.  I must cut my visit short this time.  I have been called back home."
Tears filled Rose's eyes.  "But we have plenty of room here.  Why must you go?"
Serafina hugged Rose as she formed her lie.  "I have a new nephew and I have offered to help with his care until his mother's health improves."
"But what of your own health?" Rose argued stubbornly.  "The warmth here is good for you."  Rose sniffed back a sob.  "I have no friend but you here on the island."
"There, there," Serafina soothed.  "Before long you will likely have a little family to care for.  You will not be lonely.  In the meantime you should go with Henry occasionally to visit the marketplace.  And I will certainly come to visit from time to time."
"You promise?"  Rose managed a small smile.  "How could we have known when we set out for a day of fishing that it would end in my marriage to Tristan?"
Serafina patted Rose's hand.  "How indeed?"

Serafina found Sloan waiting when she sailed up to the dock at Manoa.
"I am glad you are here," she said.  "I have a process to show you which will leave my fertilizer in a more purified state."
Sloan looked at Serafina with narrowed eyes.  He seemed to be wondering how an old woman had engineered this coup—obtaining the rights to mine White Cliffs' guano for resale.
Serafina continued.  "I will of course pay you more for your extra work.  It will save me money in shipping charges.  But if you are not interested, we will continue with our original arrangement.  You will shovel the guano into burlap bags and ship it in that unpurified state.  It is your decision."
"How much more money?" Sloan asked in a voice full of suspicion.
"Five times the amount per bag," Serafina replied.
"Show me this process," he agreed in a more pleasant tone.
Serafina took him to Rose's cottage, which was no longer in use.  There she scooped up a small amount of guano, added a little water and set it to boil in a large kettle over an open fire.  She added a scoop of wood ash to precipitate out the unwanted components.  The solution that remained, she poured out into a bowl where it would be allowed to dry into a white powder.
"Do you wish to perform this process for the higher rate?" she asked.
Sloan pressed his fingers to his lips, considering.  "For five times the rate?" he confirmed.
"Yes.  Five times the rate."
"I can do this."  He smiled.
"You may wish to expand the process so you can do larger and larger amounts at one time.  That is fine.  I will continue to buy as much as you are able to process.  But you must do the work yourself.  Strangers on the island will still not be tolerated."  Serafina looked deep into Sloan's eyes.  "Any questions?"
Sloan shook himself back to reality.  Something about her eyes had sent a chill down his spine.  The color, he realized.  Her eyes had changed from green to a dark grey-blue color.  He tried to look again to see if he had been mistaken but she had already turned away.
Sloan answered quickly.  He stood to make a great deal of money with this arrangement.  "No, no questions.  The first shipment will go out in four days' time.  That is when the ship, Pride of Manoa, will take to the seas."
Serafina knew this was true as she had already booked her passage back to Henge on the Pride of Manoa.
"I will expect shipments monthly, then.  You will send word with the shipments if you come upon any difficulty."
"Yes" he said, "but I foresee no difficulties."  He paused, then asked in a nonchalant voice, "You said you might visit from time to time?"
"I might.  I have enjoyed my vacation here.  The warmth is beneficial to my old bones."
Sloan relaxed a bit and forgot momentarily about the change of eye color.  This was only an old woman, after all.  One with an apothecary garden, and friends who grew flowers.  But, evidently, one who could afford to satisfy her whims.

Four days later, Serafina stood beside the railing of the Pride of Manoa as the burlap bags containing her precious white powder were loaded on board.  She did not think she would have any trouble with Sloan or with Tristan but she would keep a close eye on her new factory for a time.
As the ship left the dock she allowed her thoughts to return to her children in Helsop.  It would be good to see Esme, Shalin, and of course, Electra, once again.

Chapter 48

Village of Helsop

Electra felt tired but happy as she slid from her horse's saddle in front of the School of Medicine.  It was so good to be home.  She had left Fernland three days ago without saying goodbye, so no one could talk her out of leaving.  She left a message saying she really needed to return and she was sure there was no need to fear an epidemic in Helsop.  She promised to send confirmation of that as soon as she visited Helsop's clinic.
She walked into the school and saw the twins and Ebony under the dining table, much as she had left them several days ago.
Esme toddled over in her direction, holding out a piece of red ribbon.
"What a pretty ribbon," Electra said as she picked Esme up and hugged her.
Shalin held up her hand and the red ribbon flew through the air to land in her tiny palm.
Electra quickly gathered Shalin into her arms as well and kissed both little girls on their cheeks.
Isa stopped her work in the kitchen to watch Electra greet the twins.  "We are very glad to have you back."
"Have the twins been too much trouble for you?" Electra asked.
Isa laughed.  "Not at all.  Many of the women from the village come to visit hoping to see things fly through the air.  They watch the twins out of curiosity and that frees me for other chores.  Even Little Dagon thinks it is a wonderful trick, though he has not been able to do it himself."
"Were is Little Dagon?"
"He is with his brother, Timor. Timor is showing him how to make an arrow."
Electra smiled.  "And the clinic? Have we any patients?"
Isa shook her head.  "Only old Leif and he only stays there since he has no where else to go.  The students fuss over him and pretend to find ailments that need treatment.  I believe he likes the attention."  Isa paused to pet Ebony and feed her a bit of dried jerky.  "How was your trip to Fernland?"
"There is a visiting prince there who bought all the weapons Dorian took with him when he made the trip to Fernland.  Prince Oswald intends to place an order for more.  He wanted to come to Helsop to make his own choices but I could not allow it with Dagon gone.  I made up an excuse to keep him from coming."
Isa nodded.  A worried expression settled around her eyes as she thought about the six men who had left for Hammer Haven weeks ago, her own husband among them.  "We have had no word from the six men as yet."
"It is too soon," Electra stated.  "Perhaps in a few days..."  her voice trailed off uncertainly and she quickly changed the subject.  "I believe I will gather up all of our  students and have a proper lesson."
Isa clapped her hands, glad to think of something else.  "Good.  We have all grown lazy in your absence."

Electra found her students at the clinic, listening to Leif's stories of Hammer Haven.
"Electra!  You are back!" said Laleh.  "Did you see my family?  How is my father?"
"I saw only the Caliph and your uncle Rabar," Electra replied.  "They are both heading back to Taz to see about building ships for the Great Khan.  I believe they have already left Fernland."
Laleh looked disappointed.  "My father, Haddad, hates the Barburians.  He will not want any part of the Great Khan's offer."
"I, too, am worried about Rabar and the Caliph," Electra said. "I do not trust the Great Khan, but I know your uncle and grandfather both miss Taz very much and would take almost any opportunity to return."
Laleh shrugged.  "Papa will miss them.  Perhaps I should go and visit."
Electra suspected it was Laleh who was missing her family.  "That is a good idea.  But not today.  Today we will finally return to our studies.  Bring all the plants we have stored and dried in the chartroom.  We will lay them out on the table at the school and go over their uses."
Juanita and Esmeralda broke off their chat with Leif and started for the chart room.  Soon all four had their arms full of dried plants as they headed for the school.
"Are any of these poisonous?" Juanita asked.
"Yes, a few can be if used to excess," Electra answered.  "But the most dangerous ones I have moved to the locked cabinet Dagon made for us in the school's storeroom."
"Shall we gather up those as well?" Juanita asked.
Electra looked at Juanita curiously.  "You have an interest in poisonous plants?"
Juanita smiled.  "It is always best to know the bad as well as the good."
Electra nodded her agreement and decided to check the cabinet to make sure all the dangerous herbs were still safely locked away.

They spread the plants out on the long dining table and Electra began her lesson.
"Laleh, you were on board the Spirit of Taz when we were faced with an epidemic of scarlet fever.  Can you tell the class what some of the tell tale symptoms of the disease are?"
Laleh looked at her classmates with a serious expression.  "It was terrible.  Many died.  It began with a rash that looked like sunburn but was rough to the touch.  It starts on the face and neck and then spreads to the body, arms and legs.  The tongue is red and with bumps, then a white coating comes.  There is fever and chills and a very sore throat.  So swollen it is hard to swallow.  Then comes the nausea and the headaches."
"Very good, Laleh.  A very complete description.  Your memory will serve you well as a healer."
Laleh glowed under Electra's praise.
Electra swept her hand over the table.  "Which of these plants might be useful in the treatment of Scarlet Fever, do you suppose?"
The students sifted through the plants, trying to remember their names and uses.
Isa picked up a branch of willow bark with a few dried leaves still attached.
"Willow bark tea will help bring down a fever."
"Very good.  It is what we used on board ship.  It saved many lives."  Electra posed another question.  "What else might one do to help?"
"Give warm liquids—tea and soup.  That is what we did," Laleh stated.
"Yes.  It helped them to swallow again," Electra agreed.  "And plenty of water to wash out the disease."
"Now," Electra continued, "let us consider in the same way the disease we call measles.  How is it different from scarlet fever?"
The class was interrupted by a loud knock at the door.
Electra was not happy with the interruption.  Just when her class was doing so well, she thought.  She opened the door to find one of the soldiers who manned the outpost at the edge of Helsop's plateau standing before her.
"Sorry to disturb you but we had orders from Dorian not to allow anyone to enter Helsop while Dagon is away."
"And?" Electra asked a bit impatiently.
"And so we have stopped your mother and father at the outpost," the soldier said with an embarrassed glance at Electra's face.
"My mother and father are here?" she gasped.
"Yes, along with a Physician Rothman and a Prince Oswald.  They are demanding to see you immediately."
"Oh, my!"  Electra looked back at her class.  "Carry on.  Share your experiences of measles.  I will be back as soon as I am able."
She turned to the outpost guard.  "You have done the right thing in stopping them but I fear we may have to allow them in, now they are here.  Let me just find a mount and I will ride back with you."
"No need.  I have brought an extra horse along," said the relieved guard, as he gestured to the soldier behind him to bring up the saddled mare.
As soon as Electra mounted her horse, the outpost guard took off at a gallop and Electra had little choice but to try to keep pace.

Chapter 49

Village of Helsop

As Electra rode up to the guard station she could see her father outside the royal carriage, arguing with one of the border guards.  She jumped off her horse and managed a look of great concern.
"Father, I was not expecting you.  Is everything all right?"
King Geoffrey glared at his daughter.  "You left without telling anyone.  To come back here to treat patients who may carry a deadly disease.  You did not imagine we might be concerned for your welfare?"
Electra's feigned look of concern changed to one of stubborn self-righteousness.  "I am a physician and I left without telling anyone to avoid further argument.  I will and must go where people are ill."  She paused and gathered herself.  "As it turns out there is no contagious disease.  Everyone has been sent home."
If Electra hoped her family might decide to return to Fernland on hearing this, she was mistaken.
"We are hardly strangers to be barred admittance to Helsop," King Geoffrey continued with growing irritation.  "If being your family does not count for anything, we are also Helsop's allies."
Electra lowered her eyes.  "You are right.  I am sorry.  The guards were following their orders.  We were not expecting you.  But certainly we did not mean to prevent your visiting."
Queen Delphinia opened the door of the carriage and stepped out.  Electra rushed over to give her mother a hug.
"I am so sorry I have caused you to worry.  Can you forgive me?"
Delphinia held Electra's hand and patted her arm.  "I suppose we should not have been so hasty.  But Physician Rothman offered to come and help with your epidemic.  We thought you might welcome the help.  Perhaps he might still have a look at those who seemed ill, just to be sure."
"No need.  All are free of symptoms.  But you must stay for awhile now you are here.  Would you like to see the finished school of medicine?"  As soon as she had uttered the invitation Electra wondered how she would explain the twins and their panther.
"If you are sure Dagon will not object," Delphinia replied with a touch of chill in her tone.
"Actually Dagon is not here at the moment.  He has left me in charge."
King Geoffrey moved closer.  "Where has Dagon gone?"
Electra's head hurt from trying to invent excuses.  Certainly her excuse for returning quickly to Helsop had proved a disaster.
"Ah, he is following a trail along Cold Lake.  He should be returning any day now."
"A trail left by whoever made an attempt on his white powder?" King Geoffrey asked in a whisper.
"I am not sure," Electra replied.  "He had already left when I reached Helsop this morning."
King Geoffrey nodded with a knowing expression.
Electra held up her hand in a little wave of dismissal.  "But you must all be tired and famished.  Please come along and let me try to make amends.  And as long as Prince Oswald has come he can see Dorian to pick out the weapons he wishes to purchase."
Electra flung herself back on her horse and galloped back to the school of medicine.  Her first thought was to hide the twins and the panther but along the way she thought better of it.  It seemed her attempts at subterfuge always proved wrong minded.  The less said the better.  This would be her new guiding principle.
Electra stood at the door of the school waiting while her visitors stepped out of the royal carriage.  
 Isa came out the door of the school.  "Call me if you need me.  I'll be at the clinic," she said as she walked away quickly.
As Electra ushered her parents into the school, she said,  "Do not be alarmed by the big cat who sleeps under the dining table.  We are minding two little girls while their mother is away and the panther is their guardian."
In spite of the warning, Queen Delphinia stopped in her tracks and gasped on seeing the big cat that growled deep in its throat as the visitors entered the school.
"That wild animal is their guardian?"  Delphinia murmured.
Electra stepped in front of her mother.  "Yes.  Her name is Ebony and she follows them wherever they go."
"Incredible!" Her mother moved closer.  "What adorable little girls.  What are their names?"
"This is Shalin," Electra said, pointing at the twin who sat beside the big cat, pounding a spoon on a wooden block.  "And this is Esme."  Esme was gnawing on one of Ebony's ears and the big cat shook her head to free her ear from the child's mouth.
"Hello, Shalin, Esme.  I am Delphinia," The Queen said as she knelt down to their level.
The twins looked at their visitor with interest.  Shalin held out her spoon to Delphinia.
"Why thank you," Delphinia said, taking the spoon.  "But you have need of it."  She handed the spoon back.  
Delphinia turned to Electra, her face glowing with pleasure.  "Their mother has left them here?  Is she ill?"
"No, she had to leave for a time.  She will be back soon," Electra said before quickly changing the subject.
"Here is our communal kitchen," Electra continued, pointing to the area adjacent the dining area.  "And the living quarters are back here.  Since I have so few students now, perhaps you would like to stay here at the school.  Each room has its own hearth." 
Electra stood aside while her visitors continued on to the living quarters.  She looked around as she realized one was missing.  "Where is Physician Rothman?"
Prince Oswald looked toward the door.  "He said he was going to check in at the clinic."
Electra caught her breath, realizing the talkative Leif was the only patient there.  He would surely tell Physician Rothman where Dagon had gone and why.  And since Rothman was the king's own physician, her father would soon know all that Rothman heard from Leif.
Electra gestured toward the empty bedrooms.  "Why don't you each pick out a room where you would like to stay?  I will just run out and secure some lunch for us.  I will be back in a few minutes.  Make yourselves at home."
Electra ran out the door of the school to the clinic, hoping she was not too late.
She rushed into the clinic and found Physician Rothman sitting on a cot next to Leif.  Her students were gathered around as Leif explained how he had come to arrive in Helsop. 
"And Dagon undertook this mission with no thought for his own safety.  He is the bravest man I have ever met.  May the fates grant his safe return," Leif concluded.
"My family has come to visit," Electra said to her students for lack of anything better with which to interrupt Leif's story.
Isa smiled.  "We know.  We thought we would come here to give you some private time with them."
"Yes, thank you."  Electra avoided Physician Rothman's accusing glance.  "Could you go to the mess tent and bring over some lunch for all of us?  I believe our guests may be staying with us at the school for a time."
Isa grimaced and shrugged while Physician Rothman's back was turned.  Then she stood up and waved the other students toward her.  "Certainly.  We will all go."
When Isa and the students had left, Physician Rothman stood as well.  "It seems Dagon is involved in a dangerous undertaking," he commented.
Electra raised her chin.  "Dagon is not foolhardy.  He will assess the situation and act accordingly."  She hoped her voice sounded confident. 

Chapter 50

Kingdom of Henge

Serafina watched from the rail of her ship as Henge came into view.  She could see the top of the castle above the mist that covered the harbor.  She knew Prince Blackwell would be happy to have her home and decided she would spend one night at the castle before leaving to retrieve her twins from Helsop.
After the ship was tied securely to a dock and the gangplank lowered, Serafina still lingered.  She wanted to watch the transfer of her first precious shipment of white powder from the ship's hold to the dock.  She moved closer as she saw porters carrying the sacks up from the hold.
Serafina watched as they stacked the gunny sacks on the dock.  She followed the last of the sacks down the gangplank and touched their rough covering to make sure they were dry.
"I have extra money for those who will carry the sacks up to yon castle," she said to the porters resting on the dock.
"Lead the way, Mum.  I'll take the extra," a burly man said.
A few other men hoisted sacks onto their shoulders and stood ready to follow.
Serafina, still dressed as an old woman with a cane, started up the hill at a pace that surprised the men following her.
"That be one spritely old gal," the burly man said, as he struggled to keep up under his load.

After Serafina had her sacks of white powder stacked in a shed next to the army barracks, she paid the carriers and hurried up to the castle to change her appearance.  With wrinkles gone, hair restored to its dark color and a green satin gown donned, Serafina set out to find Prince Blackwell.  She located him in the solarium, speaking angrily to one of his guards.  
"In future, you will disregard any orders from my father!" he commanded.  "Serafina, My Love!" He watched as Serafina entered the solarium along a row of pink camellias, waving his guard away with his hand.
Prince Blackwell wrapped his arms around his wife and hugged her close.  "How I have missed you!"
Serafina waited until he released her to smile and frame his face with her hands.  "I have missed you as well, my husband.  But the time apart was well spent. I have returned with the first of many shipments of the white powder."
"Excellent!  But next time we will go together.  I have fared poorly without my family beside me."
"Oh?" Serafina asked.
"My father and I are at war.  He is trying to take back his throne.  He promises our generals stacks of gold if they will lead his revolution.  I am at my wit's end.  I have even considered putting him in the dungeon."
"What has brought him to this juncture?"
"I ordered work stopped on his theatre.  He wants his illegitimate son back in his life—out of guilt or surfeit of love—I do not know which.  He thinks this theatre will bring Take back and doesn't care the cost.  No matter that Take wants no part of it.  In fact he left with his fellow actors and has refused all my father's entreaties to lure him back."
"Why not give your father his theatre?" Serafina asked.
"He seeks to make it more and more elaborate.  I believe he would build it from solid gold if he could.  And he reassigns my soldiers to do the construction.  I have drawn a line in the sand.  I will not have it continue."
Serafina took a few seconds to think before responding.  "I may have a solution that will satisfy you both. Let me speak to him."
"Please do.  And tell him if he continues to try to subvert my generals, I will have no choice but to confine him to his quarters."  Prince Blackwell's black eyes flashed and his expression revealed a tightly controlled anger.
Serafina smiled and her green satin gown swirled as she walked briskly out of the solarium.

She found the old king some time later after questioning several servants as to his whereabouts.  He stood in his unfinished theatre, watching as a lone artist painted mythical creatures along the tops of the walls.
"Father Blackwell.  I have returned with a supply of white powder for our archers," Serafina said as she approached him.
"Ah, Serafina.  Found some white powder, did you?  Well done."  He acknowledged her feat  in a distracted manner.  "See what he is doing there?"  He pointed to his painter.  "That is a griffin.  It has the body of a lion and the head and wings of an eagle."
"Yes, I am familiar with griffins," Serafina replied.
Old Blackwell looked at her curiously.  "They are make-believe aren't they?"
"Yes, of course."
The old king stared at Serafina uncertainly, then turned to smile fondly at the painting.  "Seemed the sort of thing young Phinn might take to."
"Prince Blackwell asked me to keep watch during my travels for men skilled in theatre building."
"He did?"  Old Blackwell could not hide his shock.
"Yes.  He is anxious that his soldiers be replaced with skilled builders so that the soldiers will keep to their assigned tasks."
"Humph," Blackwell muttered.
"I did keep a watch but I still feel as I did on leaving, that the gypsies we have camped right here in Henge are the best men for the job.  They are skilled performers and musicians as well as being masters in the art of ornamental construction.  One need only study their colorful wagons to see that."
"The gypsies?" Blackwell echoed.
"They would build a theatre no performer could resist.  They have that fanciful streak you seek, and rightly so.  In fact, I believe your son, Finn, is half gypsy himself, is he not?"
Blackwell banged his cane up and down on the floor.  "That he is.  I believe you may be right.  I should just step on down to their camp and hire them without delay."
"Allow me.  I have a special arrangement with them.  I believe if I asked, they would agree without hesitation."
"And Prince Blackwell's agreed to this?"  A line of mistrust crossed the old king's face.
"I have not told him yet, but he trusts my opinion in these matters.  I will send some of the gypsy men up immediately.  You might have a look around at where you would like them to begin work."  With these words, Serafina was off to the gypsy camp.

Serafina approached the Traveler camp on foot.  With her black hair and green satin gown, she might have passed as a well-to-do gypsy herself.  She stopped a young boy who came close to stare at her.
"Take me to El Grande," she demanded.
The young boy opened his mouth to reply, then thought better of it.  He turned on his heel and walked toward an area fenced off for livestock.
Serafina saw El Grande inspecting the hoof of a black stallion.  He looked up and frowned when he saw her.
"You are displeased to see me?" she asked in a chilly voice.
"No.  I am not looking forward to traveling again to Fernland to deliver yet another message to Take the Thief, if that is why you are here.  But I will do it, of course," he said with a small bow.
Serafina nodded.  "I am here on another matter."
"I do not know the whereabouts of Juanita and Esmeralda, nor did any of us know they may have helped Shandor to escape," El Grande said in a defensive tone.
"I know their whereabouts."  Serafina's voice held an unspoken threat.
El Grande stood silent, unwilling to venture another guess.
"You and your best carpenters are to report to old King Blackwell at once.  You are required to aid in the building of his theatre."
El Grande was taken aback at this unexpected command.  He seemed to be weighing the subtle threat to Juanita and Esmeralda against the unfair demand.  "Are we to be paid for our labors?" he finally asked.
"That is up to Prince Blackwell's father.  I suppose if he is happy with your work he might pay for your labor, but you will present yourselves ready to begin at once—regardless of pay."
El Grande stared into Serafina's eyes for only a second longer before nodding silently.  He started for the colored wagons to collect his carpenters as Serafina left for the castle.

Chapter 51

Helsop

Electra was awake at dawn.  Today, she decided, she would avoid arguments with her parents by staying busy in places away from the school of medicine.  She left the twins to sleep a while longer and went to the kitchen to heat water for their breakfast.
Isa was already in the school's kitchen.  She had Timor and Little Dagon with her.  Little Dagon scurried out to see if the twins were following behind Electra.
"Shalin and Esme are still sleeping," Electra said, giving Little Dagon a quick hug.  She smiled at Isa and Timor.  "You are here early."
"I do not sleep well with Olaf gone," Isa said with a yawn.  "I thought I would make porridge here so the children can eat together."
"Esme and Shalin will thank you.  As do I.  We are all happier when the twins are with playmates," Electra observed.
Isa began to dish up bowls of porridge.  "I made enough for your guests—though they seem to prefer sending out for food from the mess tent."
Electra sighed.  "They are showing no signs of leaving any time soon.  I plan to cancel classes today and spend my time away from the school to avoid their 'suggestions' on how Helsop should be managed in Dagon's absence."
Isa smiled.  "I have noticed they do not lack for ideas on how best to manage us."
Electra turned on hearing the patter of tiny feet.  The twins, followed by their feline protector, came through the open door to the kitchen.  Their eyes lit up on seeing Little Dagon holding his bowl of porridge.
"Good morning, Sleepy Heads.  We have porridge for you."  Electra kissed them both and led them to the dining table where she could spoon a few bites of porridge into their mouths before they demanded to be allowed to play with Little Dagon.
Before long the twins were under the table, playing with spoons and dolls, offering bits of wood and cloth to their playmates.
Electra heard movement coming from the student rooms.  Fearing it might be her parents waking up, she turned to Isa.  "Would you mind keeping an eye on the twins for a while?  I want to spend some time at the castle site and..." she lowered her voice, "I want to avoid arguments with my parents if I am able."
Isa took a bite of her porridge.  "I don't mind.  Your parents do not deign to express their opinions to me."  She laughed in a good-natured way.
"Thank you," Electra whispered as she slipped out the door.

As Electra neared the site of the unfinished castle, her heart gave a lurch.  Her father was already there and from the look on the Helsop foreman's face, he was already giving orders.
"It is too soon for arrow slits," her father said in a loud voice.  "Those walls need to be a good five feet higher."
The castle workmen looked at Electra with hopeful expressions as she approached.
"Good morning, Father," she said brightly.  "What brings you out so early?"
King Geoffrey frowned at his daughter. "This really will not do.  I know you have no interest in discussing siege engines or their capabilities, but you must believe me when I say these walls need to be more than twenty feet high.  An invader would laugh to see such an easy conquest."
"Yes, of course," she said.  "Allow me to speak to the workmen."
King Geoffrey stood aside reluctantly as Electra moved closer to the workmen.  "Dagon will soon be back," she said in a low voice.  "Could you pretend to make the walls higher and work on some other part of the castle for a few days?"
The foreman in charge frowned and nodded.  "How do you know Dagon will be back soon?"
"He estimated a fortnight's journey to reach Hammer Haven.  It has been a month now.  It is time."
The foreman turned to his men.  "We will go higher with the wall," he ordered.
Electra could not see the foreman's face but she assumed the order was followed with a broad wink.
King Geoffrey seemed satisfied with his morning's work.
"You might tell them to follow my orders from now on.  It would save you having to approve my commands at every turn," he said in a grumpy voice.
"They are quite emphatic that I do approve any changes since Dagon put me in charge," Electra said with as much humility as she could muster.
King Geoffrey shook his head as though unable to comprehend such strict adherence to senseless instructions.
They passed by Dorian's forge on their way back to the school of medicine.  King Geoffrey stopped walking when he heard Prince Oswald's voice.
"Beautiful!" said Prince Oswald in an excited tone of voice.  "I do not know how else to describe it."
King Geoffrey stepped into the forge and Electra followed him.
Prince Oswald held a sword on its flat edge with one finger, testing the balance.  He saw King Geoffrey and Electra and rewarded them with a beaming smile.
"Dorian has outdone himself.  Look at the perfect balance."  He tossed the sword in the air with his one finger and grabbed the hilt as it descended.  He flipped the sword up to twirl in the air before catching it once again by its hilt.  Then he lowered the tip of the blade down to flip a small piece of charcoal into the air.  As the charcoal reached its apex he sliced through it with his new sword.  The two perfect charcoal halves landed at his feet.
Dorian watched the exhibition with an expression of pride for his creation.  King Geoffrey seemed impressed with Prince Oswald's swordsman abilities but made no comment, nor did Electra who felt the Prince was showing off for their benefit.
Prince Oswald sheathed his sword with a grateful nod to Dorian before addressing King Geoffrey.  "I am glad you are here, King Geoffrey.  I have a matter I would like to discuss with you.  It concerns your daughter as well."
The three walked slowly away from Dorian and his forge.  King Geoffrey waited for Prince Oswald to begin.  Electra looked at Prince Oswald uncertainly.  "Perhaps I should leave the two of you to your discussion," she offered.
"No, I believe you should hear this as well," Prince Oswald said in a magnanimous tone.
Electra shrugged and stayed by her father as they walked in the direction of the school of medicine.
Prince Oswald cleared his throat before speaking.  "I believe my father might be willing to invest is this village."  He addressed his comments directly to King Geoffrey.  "With a small influx of gold currency we could speed the production of weapons, perhaps put in another forge or two.  The influx of currency would aid in the building of their castle which would safeguard our investment.  Of course King Gundar would likely ask me to stay on to oversee the investment and the weapons production."
Electra could hardly believe what she was hearing.  Nor could she believe that Prince Oswald was directing his proposition not to her, but to her father. She saw her father nodding as he listened and decided to say something before her father had a chance to agree.
"That is a proposition which will need to be put to Dagon when he returns," she said as politely as she could manage in her angry state.
"Yes, of course," Prince Oswald said, finally acknowledging her presence.  "When do you suppose that might be?"  He could not keep a small smile from creeping to the corners of his mouth.
King Geoffrey seemed suddenly aware of his daughter's growing rage.  "Quite right, My Dear.  It is certainly premature to make any agreements as yet.  But you must admit, Prince Oswald's proposal would be beneficial to Helsop."
Electra tried to maintain a neutral expression.  "Since we do agree we must wait for Dagon's return to consider it, I will excuse myself and make my rounds at the clinic."
Both men knew there were no patients at the clinic save Old Leif, but neither said anything as Electra took off at a brisk pace.

Electra sat in the chart room of the clinic fingering the dried petals of a wild rose.  She did not know how much longer she could keep her guests at bay. If Dagon did not return she would be powerless to stop their meddling.  It was true Dagon had put her in charge, but how far would that go in a power struggle with her own father—a father who happened to be King of Fernland.
She crushed a few more petals between her fingers and remembered the crystal ball Serafina had given her when she had hopes of Electra becoming a sorceress like herself.  Tonight she would search out the long forgotten ball and ask the question she feared to ask. 

Chapter 52

Helsop

Serafina reached the last ridge before her descent into Helsop.  She reined in her horse to view the village below her.  It appeared little work had been accomplished on the castle in her month's absence.  She swung her gaze toward the school of medicine and was surprised to see Fernland's royal carriage sitting just outside the entrance.  The horses had been unhitched and taken away to the stable.  It looked as though the carriage had been parked there for some time.
The riderless horse tied behind her pulled restlessly at his reins.  He likely smelled more horses up ahead.  He was fitted with two empty saddlebags to carry the twins back to Henge.  Serafina chose to come alone on this trip, refusing the protection of the guards Prince Blackwell argued for.  He could hardly protest their necessity after her successful quest, alone, to secure the white powder.
Serafina thought about the pros and cons of confronting Fernland's king and queen.  They must have seen the twins by now.  Did Delphinia know who their mother was?  Had Electra told her?  Had Delphinia guessed their lineage?  Would the knowledge put the twins in danger?
She decided she needed to know more.  The sky still reflected the colors of dawn.  She turned her horse away from the ridge and trotted back to an expanse of birch trees where she could build a fire, cook breakfast and rest until night fell.

Serafina awoke and listened to the forest sounds around her.  An owl hooted softly.  A squeak and the scurry of tiny feet responded.  The mouse that declined to be the owl's dinner was running for the safety of its den.  She saw the position of the half moon and judged the hour close to midnight.  She kicked dirt onto the coals of her campfire and saddled the hobbled horses.
The trail down to the village was dimly visible under the half moon's reflected light.  Serafina took her time, soothing the horses with soft words.  She saw no guards outside the school of medicine but circled around the village to be sure.  At the site of the unfinished castle, she tied the horses to a piece of timber.
Serafina kept to the shadows as she walked through the village, spotting the two guards at the stable and the three at the post headquarters.  She slipped into the school of medicine through an open window and walked silently to Electra's room.  Inside she smiled to see her three sleeping daughters, the twins lying on a thick blanket next to Ebony and Electra close beside them on her cot.
Ebony's eyes were open but she made no sound.  The cat had no doubt recognized Serafina's smell as soon as she entered the school.  Serafina stroked Ebony's fine fur.
"Good job, old friend," she whispered.
Ebony chuffed contentedly.
Electra stirred in her sleep at the sound and jerked awake as she became aware of a new presence in the room.
"Serafina," she whispered.  "You are returned."
"I decided to wait until night to make my presence known."
"I am grateful you did.  I thought it best not to reveal the twins' parentage.  King Geoffrey already mistrusts me on several accounts and my authority here hangs in the balance."
"Tell me more," Serafina prompted.
Electra sighed.  "Dagon has not retuned from his mission of mercy.  Leif, the refugee from Hammer Haven, managed to reveal the secret of Dagon's mission to Physician Rothman before I could intervene.  My own fault, that.  I suggested in a forged letter that Helsop might be faced with an epidemic in an ill-advised attempt to necessitate a speedy return to Helsop.  The king and queen rushed to follow me with Physician Rothman in tow to help out with the fabricated epidemic.  At any rate it was a short trip from Rothman's ears to those of the king.
Now King Geoffrey believes Dagon's quest is nothing less than a suicide mission.  I believe he and Prince Oswald have decided it is their duty to stay and see to Helsop's defense now that our headman is likely dead.  The fact that I was left in charge is a matter unworthy of notice in their eyes."
"Who is Prince Oswald?" Serafina interjected.
"He is the second son of King Gundar of Sandovia.  Sandovia is beset by pirates and he insisted on coming to Helsop to purchase weapons for his father."  Electra paused to consider Prince Oswald and his ambitions.  "As he is a prince without hope of inheriting his father's kingdom, he seems to have set his sights on Helsop as his possible domain."
"And on you as his future queen?" Serafina asked with the hint of a smile.
"No doubt.  That seems to be the way of things in royal circles.  He has been quite ostentatious of late in displaying his prowess with a sword."
Serafina looked out into the darkness of the room as she considered Electra's situation.  "Have you allowed yourself to dwell on the possibility that Dagon might not return?" she asked gently.
Electra shook her head.  She reached under a cushion beneath her cot and pulled out the cracked crystal ball that Serafina had given her on her sixteenth birthday.  She rarely consulted the gift, preferring to make her own decisions.  But the day before she had given in to the temptation.  "I read the clouds in the ball before putting out the light last night.  I had to know.  I believe...I believe he still lives."  She held out the ball to Serafina, offering it up for a second opinion.
Serafina took the ball in her hands, confident in her ability.  The soft orange glow gave little light but Serafina could make out a pattern of energy coming from the east.  Many people.  Many ships.  Anxiety and hope rode with them over the waters.
Serafina spoke as she read the shifting clouds in the crystal ball.  "Refugees.  Coming over water.  Cold water.  Thousands.  I see no one in pursuit, yet they are afraid.  Afraid and elated.  They are newly freed and revel in their freedom."  She handed the ball back to Electra.  "I see the man who leads them.  A strong presence.  I am quite sure it is Dagon."
Electra clapped her hands together.  "I thought I saw all of that as well, but I did not trust myself.  I thought I might only be seeing what I hoped to see."
"And now you know better." Serafina's eyes crinkled in amusement.  She looked down at her sleeping twins.  "How have Shalin and Esme fared in my absence?"
"They have thrived.  The whole village adores them.  The secret of their 'calling' powers is out among the villagers.  Often they will drop by for no reason, hoping to see things flying through the air."
"Are they walking as yet?"
Electra laughed.  "Walking, running, tumbling alongside Ebony.  My joy in seeing you is tempered by the knowledge that you have come to retrieve them."
Serafina clasped Electra's hand.  "You must visit Henge soon.  It seems we are to have a new theatre.  Perhaps you might attend a performance."
"I would like nothing better.  As soon as Dagon arrives and the king and queen and prince become bored with no role to play here in Helsop, I will come."
"Good.  Then I will take my leave while the cloak of darkness remains."
Serafina wrapped each of the sleepy twins in their blankets and whistled softly to Ebony to follow.  Electra hugged them each in a hasty goodbye and listened at the door to make sure no alarm was raised by their departure.  She looked sadly at the empty spot beside her cot.  Her feet still sensed the warmth where the twins and the panther had slept.  She pulled the blanket from the floor and wrapped herself tightly in it to sleep the short time left before dawn.

Chapter 53

Helsop

Dagon looked out from the bow of his stolen ship.   He recognized familiar landmarks on shore.  They were close to home.  Another half day's travel should bring them within sight of Ice Mountain.  If they could hold together that long.
Deimos joined him at the bow.
"Any fatalities?" Dagon asked.
Deimos shook his head.  "None reported.  Though many are too weak now to take a turn at the oars."
"Perhaps we should have taken the time to go ashore and hunt," Dagon said.  "This pressing on to reach Helsop as quickly as possible may not have been wise."
Deimos shook his head again.  "It would have been worse.  What could we hope to hunt down that would feed thousands?"
Dagon ran his hands through his hair.  "How long will Helsop be able to feed these extra mouths before we, too, run out of food?"  He studied a familiar grouping of trees on shore.  "I believe we will reach Helsop today."
Deimos nodded and pointed to a gravel beach on the lake's southern shore.  "I fished from that beach in my youth.  We are close."
Dagon flexed his shoulders and rubbed his hands together.  "I am going to take a turn at the oars.  Will you keep watch?"
Deimos laughed.  "Anyone can recognize a mountain of ice.  I will take a turn as well."

Dagon motioned to two of the quiet men to relinquish their oars.  They both stood up and moved aside without speaking.  Dagon sat down and took over their oar.  Before Deimos could join him, Steig, Hammer Haven's headman, slid in beside him and took hold of the end of the long handled oar.
"What do you make of these silent foreigners?" he asked, watching as the quiet men sat down together beside the rope ladder that led to the deck.
Dagon shrugged.  "Monks, perhaps?  Some type of holy men?  They seem to have taken a vow of silence."
"They have tongues.  I checked."  Steig looked straight ahead rather than risk seeing censure in Dagon's eyes at what could be construed as rude behavior.
Dagon had actually checked himself.  He did not know what method Steig had employed, but for his part he had watched the silent men carefully as they ate.
"I thought we might give them the choice to stay or take one boat to go where they want, once we reach Helsop," he said.
"We might as well," Steig mused.  "I don't see us using the boats for trade on Cold Lake as there's none to trade with.  If we were to venture down the rivers that feed into the lake we would run the risk of meeting Vagans."
Dagon tilted his head, remembering old stories.  "When our grandfathers reached Helsop and decided to settle there, they disassembled their boats and used the wood to build their houses."
"We could do the same," Steig said, catching Dagon's eye.
Dagon gave the smallest of nods.  "You might want to give yourselves some time to decide.  We are going to arrive hungry and rations will be short with this many to feed."
Dagon did not look forward to telling his people that they would have to do without once again to be able to feed and house so many.  He doubted that distant blood ties to people they had never met would carry much weight.
"How is our supply of food on board?" he asked.
"Gone," Steig replied.  "We are dragging lines for fish on all the boats and we catch a few, but the food the women brought with them from the castle is finished.
"We are close to Helsop."  Dagon tried to make his voice reassuring.  "Even with the mist I recognize the landmarks.  We should reach Helsop sometime today."

After another five hours of light breeze to fill the sails, and constant rowing to increase their speed, a call sounded down from high up on the lead mast.  "Lights ho!  Lights ho!"
Dagon jumped up along with Steig, leaving his oar to drag.  They raced up the rope ladder to the deck and saw the signal torches up ahead.  The onshore fog began to clear and they could make out the silhouette of Ice Mountain, Helsop's glacier.  They were home.
Dagon called down to the oarsmen to go slow.  He did not want to run aground in the mist.  As they moved closer to shore, the mist cleared and Dagon could see that the torches had been set up at the western edge of Cold Lake.
Men were running, cheering on shore.  Their boats had been sighted.  Dagon  wished he had thought to bring along a Helsop banner to tell those ashore he was friend, not foe.  But they seemed to know.  They were definitely cheering.
"Drop anchor!" he shouted.  "Signal the boats behind.  Drop anchor, all."
The boats slowed to a stop as they drifted into the shallow water and the heavy rock anchors hit bottom.  The Helsop men jumped into the cold water and waded ashore.  Electra was running into the water to meet them.  Dagon had enough strength left to lift her into the air before he wrapped his arms around her.
"I knew you were close," she said as she struggled to hold back happy tears.  "I told the soldiers to light the torches."
Dagon was surprised to see King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia standing with the crowd on shore.
"If my father asks you about someone attempting to steal your white powder, just tell him you are still looking into it," she whispered.
Dagon looked at Electra curiously, but he had too much else to deal with to question her.  "Whatever you say."  He noticed the richly dressed man standing beside Physician Rothman.  "Who is that?"  He raised his chin in the direction of Prince Oswald.
Electra followed his gaze to Prince Oswald.  "He is a prince come to buy as many weapons as we have to sell for his father, King Gundar."
Dagon's face lit as though a prayer had been answered.  "I hope he brings gold.  We have a lot of new mouths to feed."
"He does.  I made sure of that," Electra said.  She took his hand and began pulling him ashore.  "Come, we have a celebration waiting."
Dagon's eyes opened wide.  "A celebration with food?"
"Of course.  What is a celebration without food?"
Dagon was amazed.  "You truly knew we would arrive today.  How?"
"Surely you know I was raised by a sorceress," Electra said with a grin.
Dagon and Electra were jostled ashore by hoards of people coming off the boats.
Women and children looked around fearfully, wondering where they should go.  The Helsop villagers took them in hand and led them to horse-drawn carts, wagons and sleds that would take the children from the lake shore down along the river to the village.  The rafts were quickly towed in to carry others too weak to walk down along the river to Helsop.

As the refugees reached the village of Helsop, they found boards laid out over rocks and stumps, covered with cloths and laden with food.  The food came from the mess tent and from the houses of villagers.  Electra's students brought more from the school's kitchen.  Soon the celebration was in full swing.  Leif was reunited with his grandson.  Several of the villagers found they had family names in common with the new arrivals.  The silent men were placed together at a table and given food.  They raised their open palms in gratitude.
Dagon followed Electra into the school where they joined King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia, Prince Oswald and Physician Rothman for a meal.
"You have doubled Helsop's population in one fell swoop," King Geoffrey noted.
"It was that or leave them in slavery," Dagon replied.
King Geoffrey seemed undecided as to which option he might have chosen.
"It is a brave thing you have done," Queen Delphinia proclaimed.  "We were all  worried for your safety."
Dagon studied Queen Delphinia's face and decided she spoke from her heart.  He glanced at Prince Oswald.
"I am told you come seeking to purchase weapons," he said.
"Yes," the prince said, continuing to eat.  "I am afraid I have more or less cleaned you out for now, more's the pity."
"Our new people are masters in weapons manufacture.  We will soon have a good supply on hand."  Dagon ate slowly.  His stomach had shrunk after so many days of short rations.
Prince Oswald looked up from his plate.  "In that case I will put in my order forthwith."
Dagon put his hand on top of Electra's.  "I made a good decision, putting you in charge."
Electra turned her hand to clasp his tightly.  "All the same, I am glad you are back."  She looked at him for a few seconds before adding, "Very, very glad."   
