PRINCE MICHAEL AND THE DRAGON
(A True Story)
by
Michael’s Dad
John Christian Orndorff
Illustrations by Michael’s Mom
Debora Morris Orndorff

Pensive Books, Springfield, TN



Prince Michael and the Dragon
A True Story

By Michael’s Dad, John Christian Orndorff

Published by Pensive Books at Smashwords

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Copyright 1998, by John Christian Orndorff

Original paperback:
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number: 99-65997
ISBN  1-893213-00-5



PRINCE MICHAEL AND THE DRAGON
TABLE OF CONTENTS

A Poem for Lionel
Author’s Note
Chapter 1-Prince Michael
Chapter 2-A Frightening Report
Chapter 3-The Adventure Begins
Chapter 4-Zachary
Chapter 5-The Village of Shocho
Chapter 6-Stolen in the Night
Chapter 7-Escape From Diabolos’ Castle
Chapter 8-The Dragon Quest Begins
Chapter 9-El Prepares for the Storm
Chapter 10-Nearing the Dragon
Chapter 11-A Loss at Nekrosis
Chapter 12-The Rescue
Chapter 13-The Regrouping
Chapter 14-Slaying the Dragon
Chapter 15-Diabolos’ End
Chapter 16-The Return
About the author


A Poem for Lionel

Do you remember how I played with you,
and held you over my head:
How I loved you, and cared for you,
and you had no fear or dread?
Oh how I loved to see you play,
and look into your bright blue eyes;
To be near you, little one,
brightened my skies.
Do you remember how your mother loved you,
and dressed you like a doll?
Oh how she lived to see your grin,
and wait for you to crawl.
You were to her an angel sent,
directly from God above;
Oh little one did you know
the greatness of her love?
Do you remember how much,
your brothers loved to hold you;
And how they included you in 
the plans of all they would do?
How much they loved to be with you,
their precious little brother.
If only you had tarried longer,
you’d love them like no other.
How hard it is to think you’ve left us,
an emptiness beyond all measure;
But did you know, my little son,
you’re now our heavenly treasure?



AUTHOR'S NOTE

Several years ago my wife and I lost a young son, Lionel, to meningitis.  Dealing with a loss, as many know, is one of the most difficult experiences life has to offer, particularly when you’re constantly reminded of the permanence of the loss.  You can easily replace things, but you can never replace a loved one.  It seemed to me, everything reminded me that I would never see my son grow up, developing interests, building his own unique personality, and surprising us as parents.  
The need to talk about the experience was, for me, overwhelming.  Friends and acquaintances were uncomfortable bringing up the subject, and my wife and I were hesitant to mention it because we didn’t want to burden others with our hurt.  However, for me, I found a most unique way of dealing with the loss. 
When my son Michael asked me to tell him a bedtime story one evening, the idea came to me to tell him a story with Lionel in it so we all could, in a way, spend time with Lionel.  Thus, Prince Michael and the Dragon is the product of this series of bedtime stories I began writing for Michael.  He specifically told me he wanted his friends, Aaron and Zachary included in his adventure, and I included his mother, brothers and sister.  The other characters, especially Diabolos, were the products of my imagination.  
As I had hoped, Prince Lionel's part in the story was a chance for me to spend time with a young man, for whom I'll have to wait until I can see him in the Great King's court. Once I began preparing his story I was surprised it turned out a little longer than I expected.  
Since it turned out as it did, I thought it might make a nice book and perhaps offer others a different way of dealing with a loss.  This was my way of coping, and I think it helped.   
I’m indebted to Michael’s Mom, my wife, Debbie, for the illustrations.  Debbie and I are both indebted to Marian Bibb for proofing the text.  I learned much from her painstaking work to make it better. 

j.c.o., Michael's Dad




The Land of El



CHAPTER 1

PRINCE MICHAEL

I felt as though I had a hole in my stomach as I walked up the stairs toward the room my sons John and Michael shared.  It hadn't been long since our youngest son Lionel died from meningitis, and I still felt the emptiness of the void he had filled.  As I continued down the hall toward Michael and John's room I looked in on our young daughter Mary who was already asleep.  
I expected the boys would likely be asleep as well, but found them still awake, waiting for me to tuck them in their beds.  "Come here boys!" I said with open arms.  As I held my two sons I felt some comfort, but I could tell the hurt had not gone away.  There was no way to fill that empty spot inside.
"Okay, boys, let's get in bed and cover up!  It's cold tonight," I said as I looked out the window to see fresh snow falling on the Colorado landscape.  I wrestled with them for a few minutes and got them into their beds.  As I tucked him in I noticed a familiar expression on Michael’s face.  I supposed he might ask for a drink of water.  
Tell me a story, Dad," Michael said suddenly as I tucked in his blankets.
“Well, what kind of story would you like to hear?" I asked as I quickly tried to think of something.
"I don't know, just tell me a story,” Michael replied.
"All right then, I'll tell you about Prince Michael and the dragon.  How's that?" I asked.
“Okay," he simply replied.
"Well, let's see, there was a time, long ago, in the old Kingdom of El, during the reign of the good King Christian and Queen Debora that every person lived in peace and prosperity, and there was no fear in the land.  
“The king and queen had four royal children: John, Michael, Lionel, and Mary.  All of the royal children were known throughout the land for their good deeds and excellence in all they did," I began.
“What did they do?” Michael asked.
“Oh, they helped people when they were in need, worked hard in their school work, and did the best they could, I suppose," I replied.
"Oh," Michael quietly responded with a nod.
"Though each prince and the princess was known for great abilities in various matters, this story is about Prince Michael and his adventure," I continued.
“Just Michael?” John interrupted.
“We’ll all be in it, but this story is about Michael’s great adventure, okay?”
“Okay.” John willingly conceded.
“Now, let’s see. Though Michael was not the oldest prince and heir to the throne, as was his brother John, he was best known in the kingdom for his great strength and courage, both in battle and in protecting the weak.  Prince Michael was such a stately and able man, it was he of whom story tellers thought when they told stories of Prince Charming.  
For in truth, Michael rescued many maidens from many different perils, though sometimes a witting maiden seeking the prince's attention would create her own peril from which to be rescued when she knew he was nearby.”
Michael was tall, but not so tall that he stood out too much.  He also was a muscular man who left no doubt by his appearance that he was certainly more powerful than normal men.  His eyes were as blue as the deepest and clearest ocean, and his hair, which he kept cut short, was so bright and yellow, it was believed his hair was made of spun gold. In fact when his hair was cut the people would ask for a lock of the prince's hair.
Though Michael was so powerful, no ruffian dared to challenge him, he had the most gentle look any man ever had.  It was because of this that when anyone was distressed for any reason, they came, without thought, to seek out Michael's aid, which he freely gave.
Prince Michael carried with him a sword, which he called Avenger.
“Was it a mighty sword?" Michael asked as he seriously looked up at me.
"Oh, well yes, of course it was a mighty sword,” I responded.  "In fact, it was said among the people that the King of Heaven gave Michael the sword to protect the people and that whoever wielded the sword would be invincible.”  
Avenger was long and its blade was as wide as a man's hand, and sharper than any razor ever made.  The blade was so highly polished a person could clearly see their reflection in it.  Its hilt was made of decorative gold with silver inlaid about it.  The pommel of Avenger held a great diamond that was so bright it would herald the prince's coming long before he would arrive at a destination.
Michael also rode a great chestnut steed, which he named Noble.  Noble was known to be the most powerful war-horse in all the land.  He also was as gentle as the prince, and often when the prince would visit a village, children could freely ride on Noble without fear.  But, Noble was a good judge of character, and would not allow any wicked or evil person to ride him.
Michael and Noble often roamed the countryside of El.  Though the prince loved life in the joyous court of the king and queen, he loved most to be with the people of El and to see all the sights of the land.  For to the north were the great forests where the mighty red deer could be found.  In the south there were great fertile plains where those who tilled the soil could produce enough food to prevent any person of El from going hungry.  
To the east were mountains, beyond which was the great sea stretching further than the eye could see, and to the west lay the mighty mountains of El, known for their beauty and height.  Throughout the land Michael would go with Noble in search of adventures and people in need.  After the prince completed a trip he would present the king, his father, a report on the condition of the land.
So, as you can see, Michael did his best in all his activities, and was very helpful to all the people of the land.




Michael’s Sword, Avenger



CHAPTER 2

A FRIGHTENING REPORT

It happened one day that all the royal family was gathered together in the great hall of the palace, along with all the noble people of the land to celebrate the blessings with which the land of E1 was blessed.  While the three princes courted the young maidens in the court, all the young men of the land were vying for the princess' attention.  
It was a joyous time, with plenty of fine foods and drinks, dancing to the folk music of the land and telling tales of adventure.  The King and Queen were enjoying their company and taking great delight in sharing whatever they had.
Then it happened, suddenly, at the high point of the celebration when all the people were happiest, that the most unusual thing happened, which would sober even the merriest guest.  A messenger from the great mountains in the northwest rushed into the court with very grave news!
The messenger, Artemus, from the hill country of the West, was a tried and proven warrior, known to all in the kingdom for his fearlessness.  So, when all the people saw this great man shaken and full of fear, they were seized by great anxiety over what he might be reporting.
As he ran toward the two thrones, setting at the end of the great hall where the king and queen were sitting, he appeared as a flash because of the speed with which he ran.
Approaching the thrones he bowed to the king and queen saying, "My Lord, forgive this intrusion, but the entire kingdom is in grave danger!  A great dragon has appeared in the mountains and has devoured the village of Shallem.  It now appears as if the dragon will move to the east.  Our most able border guards have died trying to stop the creature.  It seems he is completely invincible, for our weapons had no affect upon him!"
When the people in the great hall heard the news, all were gripped with great fear and many ladies of the court fainted, causing the young men to rush to catch whomever they could.
"Describe this beast to me," the king said in nervous anticipation.
Artemus described the creature saying,  "The dragon is as high as four tall men.  It has a great body the size of a normal house and its great jaws are the size of the doorway to the king's chamber.  The dragon has great wings, each the size of the courtyard.  It is also scaly green with a great sharp horn in its forehead and great red eyes the size of two fists.  At will the dragon can also spit fire!"
"Never has there been such a report in all our history,” the king said, looking about at his advisors.
"This is not the entire problem," added Artemus.  "The people of the land out of fear of the dragon's power have taken to robbing and stealing from each other.  There are also wicked men, who have seized the opportunity to use their own power over the people, with which they abuse the king's subjects.  One of particular note is the evil lord Diabolos.  It is further reported some of the people worship the dragon in the hope that their homage will appease his wrath.”
At this report the hearts of many melted with fear, and great cries reached the ears of the king as he pondered what could be done.
At the same time the princes and young men of the court clamored before the king, asking permission to go slay the dragon. The young men, speaking at the same time among themselves and to the king, told how they could destroy the great beast.  While, in truth, each young man had the needed ability, in such a clamor no one would ever know who had the best idea.  So the king sat bewildered, with his head in his hands trying to think in spite of the great commotion.
In the midst of this great discussion, for a second time the great doors flew open and in walked the great prophet of the King of Heaven.  A large powerful looking man, he spoke with authority to kings and common folk alike.  This prophet seemed to be a man without age, with long gray hair and a long gray beard, carrying a staff made of ancient oak.  His entrance added to the anxiety of the court, as everyone feared what he might say.
With a thundering voice the prophet began, “The Great King has sent me here to confirm Artemus’ report and that he, the king of dimensions, ordains that only one man is to rescue the land.  Prince Michael is the appointed man!”
No sooner had the prophet spoken these words than the entire hall was suddenly shaken and filled with light.  For a brief moment everyone was blinded, but as each gained sight, they all noticed a man standing in their midst, beside the prophet.  This man was different from any person ever seen in E1.  He was a head taller than the tallest man, with pure white hair reaching his shoulders.  His garments were so bright they actually gave off light to the room.  His face was radiant with an expression of power and compassion.  When the people saw him they supposed him to be the King of Heaven and fell down to worship him.
At that moment he said "Arise people of El, for I too am a servant of the King of Heaven, the Great King of all dimensions, and it was he who sent me as a messenger to you.  The dragon that Artemus has reported to you is a threat not only to the land of E1, but to the whole world.  As the prophet has spoken, the beast can only be slain by one man, who can be accompanied only by two companions, neither of whom he now knows."
"Is my son, Michael, the only man who can fulfill this task?” asked the king.
The messenger replied, " The only man with the spirit to kill the great dragon is Prince Michael who wields the mighty sword Avenger.  The King of Heaven has chosen him and his companions.  The fact that the Great King has commanded this by word from two distinct messengers, the prophet and myself, means, the king has firmly decided this and you should not fear."
When he heard this, Prince Michael felt a flutter in his heart out of fear and the humble knowledge the King of Heaven chose him.
The prince then approached the messenger saying "I am the king's servant, may he grant me his favor."
"You already have his favor, Prince Michael," responded the messenger.
At that point the messenger touched the prince's forehead and the prince's garments became as bright as the messenger's, and Prince Michael felt filled with power from the King of Heaven.
"Prince Michael,” said the messenger, "this will be your greatest test and a time of peril for you and the companions you will meet.  But the King of Heaven has given you the power to destroy the dragon.  You must learn to use it.  Pray for the wisdom to use your power, for it was granted to no one else."
At that very moment the messenger departed as suddenly as he appeared. Yet the people did not notice his departure, for every eye was on Prince Michael, and every hope set on him.



CHAPTER 3

THE ADVENTURE BEGINS

There was a great quiet in the court as every person held their gaze upon Michael and realized all their hopes were wrapped up in him, a single man.  Though Prince Michael was known as one of the mightiest men of the land, everyone could only wonder how he would fare against so great a foe.  For this was no ordinary threat and it would take more than ordinary resources to fight this monster.
Without saying a word, the people one by one left the court while the prince stood alone staring into open space, where the messenger from heaven had stood, oblivious to all the people around him.
Prince Lionel, who himself was a mighty man and the most pious of the royal family, realizing the loneliness and fear his brother felt, embraced Michael and said, "The King of Heaven chose you for his purpose and his purpose will not be changed.  You will do his bidding and return a greater man than you could ever know."
"Yes,” Michael said, "but all that stands before me is a dark cave that I must enter alone.”
Michael then wept on his brother's shoulder as Prince John, Princess Mary and the king and queen gathered about him to strengthen him.  Though Michael's initial response was one of fear and loneliness, he quickly, with the encouragement of his family, faced with courage what lay before him.
"I must depart in the morning,” Michael said as he turned to the king.  “I fear time is short and the longer I tarry, the more lives will be lost.  If the only enemy I faced was the dragon I could face it with little fear, but to face the treachery of our own people is greater than three dragons.  It is unlikely the dragon will plot and scheme against me.  Ordinarily any beast should be easy to hunt down and kill.  However, Diabolos and those who follow him will be full of plotting and scheming."
"Your brother, Lionel, was right in what he said, Michael," the king said.  "For his own reasons the King of Heaven chose you.  Though we cannot understand it now, and perhaps we never will, one thing we can know is you are to do his work.  When on another occasion similar to this a messenger presented you the mighty sword, Avenger, you did not question his will.  You gladly accepted the great sword and agreed to do the Great King’s bidding.”
“It is our part in life that if we will accept good we must also accept the challenges the king gives us.   And don't think you stand alone or your life is more wretched than any other at this time of your life,  for we must all be tested."  So with many words such as this, the king encouraged his son.
Prince Michael gave commands for his attendants to prepare his supplies and Noble for the trip that lay ahead, then tried to sleep.  Though Michael was tired he slept little that night for his thoughts were on the adventure that lay ahead.
The night passed quickly and Michael did fall asleep to awaken to a robin singing the most beautiful song outside his window.  Michael arose and looked at the robin thinking she must be an encouraging messenger from Heaven.  It was the clearest day Michael could remember seeing.  The sky was the deepest blue he had ever noticed, and the sun just rising over a softly rolling green hill, was shining warmly on the castle of El.
"This is the kind of morning I would pick to leave on a quest even if I had no challenge to pursue," Michael said to himself.  "What a wonderful day to ride the countryside!"
Michael dressed in his brown woodsman clothes and quickly ate some food and bid his family farewell until he should return victorious from his quest.
As he walked toward Noble, Princess Mary ran to him and placed a golden amulet, hung on a golden chain, about his neck.
"The amulet has power to heal,” Mary said. "Use it wisely and it will save your life and the lives of others."
Michael looked at the beautiful golden disk which was about two inches in diameter and had the image of a serpent engraved on it with a small diamond set in its mouth, which was also the center of the amulet.
"Are you sure you want to part with this?”  asked Michael.
“I would part with this and all I have if it would help to bring you back.  The prophet of the Great King of Heaven left it for me on the day of my birth.  It means much to me, but I know you will bring it back."
At that the princess embraced her brother and ran back to her father and mother with tears in her eyes.
As Michael set out on Noble, Prince John raced to his side mounted on his great white steed.
"If I cannot accompany you on your adventure, I can at least escort you out of the King's Province," John said.
"Your company, however brief, will be appreciated brother,” replied Michael.
The two brothers then raced over the gently rolling hills headed toward the west.  As they rode, they both recalled the times they had ridden together while growing up touring El's countryside.  
For a while it seemed they actually forgot the business at hand and the urgency of the situation, because they enjoyed each other's company so much.  However, as they reached the end of the day, they also reached the end of the Province of the King.  Suddenly the rolling green hills and countryside came to an end and before them lay the barren plains.
"I can go no farther, Michael," John said.
"I know," Michael replied.
"However, we could camp here on the border for the night and you may proceed tomorrow,” John mentioned.
"No," Michael said.  "It's best if I continue on and make as much progress as I can.  I knew you would not be able to go any farther than this, and we can't put off parting forever."
At these words John said, “You are a brave man and my prayers go with you, Michael."
The brothers then embraced and Michael rode off toward the northwestern mountains.
Though Michael felt saddened that John could not continue with him, he also felt a kind of relief.  It was not that he did not want the company, but now he felt free to concentrate on his quest.  He was also comforted by Noble.  For never before, nor since, was a person closer to his horse than Michael was to Noble.
And so they continued on with an unusual strength, no one could describe.  Perhaps it was at this point Michael forgot his own fears and concerns, because his only concern then was for the people who suffered because of the dragon.




Mary’s Amulet



CHAPTER 4

ZACHARY

Though Michael had many times traveled through the barren plains, this time he seemed to notice how desolate it actually was.  For though there was some green grass in spots, there were no trees, and the landscape was mostly brown flat land as far as he could see.  
The barrenness of the plains made him eager to see the mountains of the northwest, and knowing the mountains were still a two day journey ahead did little to comfort him.  
Prince Michael traveled as far as he could until the sun started to sink behind the western horizon.  He and Noble found a suitable place to camp between three large boulders.  It was also fortunate for them that there was an old dry tree there for firewood. "We needn't be cold tonight," Michael said to Noble as he used Avenger to hack limbs from the tree.
Michael carefully built a fire and prepared his sleeping mat over what little soft grass he could find.  Then he brought out the food he'd packed for himself and Noble.  He gave Noble some oats while he ate dried meat and an apple.
"Well, it's not like the fine food of the king's castle, but I'm grateful for it," Michael said.
At this, Noble, seemed to give a nod of agreement, which brought a smile to Michael’s face. 
Though the spot where Michael placed his mat did not make the most comfortable resting place he'd ever known, he was glad to be able to lie down.  For once he was down he realized how tired he was and quickly fell asleep under the star filled sky.
Michael slept until the sun started to rise in the east.  Noble walked over to the sleeping prince and nudged him gently with his nose and neighed a time or two, clearly demanding that his master wake up.   
As Michael slowly began to realize it was day again, and his friend was ready to continue, he rolled over and slowly rose to his feet.  
Michael stretched out his arms, yawned and looked about as he thought about the journey ahead of him.  After a quick breakfast of nuts and berries for him and more oats for Noble, he was off toward the west.
Again Prince Michael realized how much he hated traveling through the barren plains, so to pass the time, he sang songs to Noble.  When he'd finished singing all the songs he knew, Michael decided to make up some songs of his own.  He tried for a while to make up lyrics that rhymed and made sense but he soon decided song writing was not one of his gifts.
Toward the end of the day he started thinking about finding a place to rest for the night.  Then he noticed for the first time a sort of oasis.  Though he had passed this way before, he'd never noticed the small grassy area with trees and a spring.
"At last!" he thought.  "Now I can clean up and also drink some fresh water."
Michael and Noble both filled themselves with the fresh water from the spring.
"How good it is!” Michael said to Noble.
Suddenly a strange voice came from behind him saying, "It may be good, but it does seem to have a high price!"
Startled, Michael, with lightning speed, drew Avenger from the scabbard strapped to his back and held the sword's point at an even more startled man's chest.
"Please, sir!" shouted the man.  "I meant you no harm.  I spoke of the price of making such a journey through this barren wilderness just to have a cool drink!"
Both men were breathing heavily not knowing exactly what to think of the other.
Michael slowly lowered Avenger, saying "My apologies sir.  I'm on a dangerous quest and I'm not yet sure who is my enemy and who is my friend."
"I understand,” the man responded.  "I'm on a quest, of sorts, and I, too, am not sure of friend and foe.  I'm Zachary of the North, a hunter by trade."
Michael quickly glanced at Zachary and noted that he was dressed in green woodsman clothes, with a sword hanging at his side, and a bow and quiver of arrows strapped across his back.  
He was about the same size and age as Michael, with dark, closely cropped hair and a thin mustache.  Zachary also had the most carefree expression Michael had ever seen.
"Zachary," Michael responded, after a brief pause, "I'm Michael, son of King Christian."
"I'm honored to be in your presence Prince Michael,” Zachary said with a slight bow.  "I'm also surprised to see the prince out in this area alone, and dressed in peasant’s clothing."
"Normally, when one goes questing, royal attire is not the most appropriate clothing to wear,” said Michael.  "I'd welcome you to spend the evening in our company if you like."
“Thank you, prince.  I could use the company also," Zachary said with another brief bow.
Though Prince Michael and Zachary were not quite sure what to make of each other at first, they quickly became relaxed and enjoyed the other's company.  Zachary told Michael of his adventures in hunting and of how he had hunted the great red deer of the north.   He also told of his travels to other lands and of how he had traveled across the sea and encountered the Warriors of the North.
"The more you speak, the more I believe I've heard of your exploits, Zachary of the North,” Michael said.  "Are you not the son of Sir Roger of the Highlands?"
"You guessed right, your highness," replied Zachary.
"I'm pleased that we met, Zachary.  You're a man of great renown.  What is your destination?"  Prince Michael asked.
“Well, I've never been much for the settled life in the Highlands, and I feel hunting in the North has lost its challenge for me.  So, I'm looking for greater challenges.  As I said, I'm on a quest, of sorts, of my own."
At this Michael could not help but wonder if Zachary, the great hunter, would be one of his two companions.  The thought of this possibility caused Michael to momentarily forget where he was and what he was doing.
As Michael became lost in his thoughts, he suddenly heard Zachary say, "But enough of what I've done.  What is this quest that takes the king's son through the barren plains alone?"
Michael carefully thought for a moment about how to answer Zachary's question and responded, "There's a dragon in the mountains of the northwest, and I was selected to go slay it."
"Well," said Zachary, thinking the story about a dragon was a little hard to believe.  "A dragon is not the kind of creature I get a chance to hunt every day.”
"I'm not stretching the truth,” Michael said, a little disturbed at the note of disbelief in Zachary’s voice.
Michael then went on to recount how Artemus brought news to the court of the dragon and all the tragedies brought on because of the dragon.  Then he related how the messenger from heaven said only he and two unknown companions could go to slay the dragon.
“By the King of Heaven, this must be the reason I'm here!” Zachary exclaimed.  “For weeks I've been restless, looking for a challenge of this kind.  Then, two nights ago, for a reason I don't even know,  I left the north in this direction.  I'm one of your companions!"
The knowledge that Zachary was one of his two companions was the greatest comfort Michael experienced since the quest began.  After some celebration of their quest together and telling of their various stories, the two adventurers had a small supper and drifted off into a deep and tired sleep.

CHAPTER 5

THE VILLAGE OF SHOCHO

The morning soon came for Prince Michael and Zachary, with the bright sun rising in the east.  As Michael started to move about he realized how different the barren plains looked to him now that he had a companion.  For now, Michael began to think it didn’t look quite so desolate.
“You know, we’ll reach the northwestern foothills this evening,” Zachary said to Michael as he shook the dust from his sleeping blanket.
“Yes, I do know.  And I suppose it’s quite possible that we’ll be in danger from this day on,” Michael responded while looking thoughtfully toward the northwest.
“I thought the same thing,” Zachary said with a hint of excitement in his voice.  “Now, I would love to know who the second companion is,” he continued.
“Yes, and so would I,” Michael said as he mounted Noble.  “Now let’s be off to whatever adventure awaits us!”
Michael and Zachary galloped across the plains without noticing how quickly the day was passing.  Finally, Zachary realized how the sun was beginning to set in the west, and pointed out that the mountain peaks were beginning to be within sight.
“Those mountains are so beautiful, it’s hard to believe there could be such grave evil there,” Michael commented as he surveyed the distant snow covered peaks.
“Yes, but I’m sure we’ll make quick work of the dragon and soon be about our business,” Zachary said with little concern.
“Yes, and I do appreciate your optimism,” Michael replied with a cheerful smile.
Michael and Zachary continued riding toward the mountains, with each moment bringing the majestic peaks closer and making the view more clear.  After they traveled for a while and had just reached the top of a small grassy knoll they could see a small village before them resting in a narrow valley.  As soon as he noticed the village, Zachary pointed and said, “That village is likely to be the best place to stay for the night.  I don’t think we’re going to find anything else.”
Looking about the countryside, Michael responded, “Yes, I suspect you’re right.  It would be good to sleep in a bed and be able to take proper care of our horses.”
As they continued their talk and observations about the village, they rode forward.  Once they reached the village entrance, they noticed a small boy playing beside the main road leading into the village.  “Hello, what’s your name, young man?” Michael asked with a smile.
“My name is Peter, sir,” the young boy said with a stern look on his face.  “Who are you?”
“Oh, we’re just some travelers, come to see your beautiful mountains and find a place to rest for the night,” Michael responded to the young lad.  “Now tell me, what is the name of this village?”
“This is Shocho,” the young man said sharply as if everyone should know.
“Well, you see we are strangers in these parts, so we did not know what the name of your village was,” Zachary joined in.
“If you knew anything about Shocho, you wouldn’t be coming here to visit,” Peter said.  “This village is controlled by the evil lord, Diabolos, who steals all our food and many of our people to feed his dragon.  There’s nothing here but people who are hungry and afraid.”
The young boy continued telling Michael and Zachary about the village, Diabolos, and the dragon.  As he told the story, he made it clear that there were some other villages not too far away, but they, too, were captives of Diabolos and his great dragon.  
While Peter mentioned he had heard of King Christian, and the royal family, he added that Diabolos told all the people that the king and his family were all dead, and that he was now ruler over all of El and even the regions beyond.  According to Peter, Diabolos demanded half of everyone’s possessions as payment to him and his court, as well as taking many young children from their homes.
When Michael heard Peter’s sad story and noticed his tattered clothes and hopeless expression, his heart ached and burned with anger at the same time.  “Where is the court of Diabolos?” Michael asked politely, while trying to hide his sense of rage.
“Just over that mountain, sir, about a quarter of a day’s journey.  But you don’t want to go there!  Nobody I know goes there and returns,” Peter warned.
“Thank you, young man,” Michael responded with a smile.  “We’ll be very careful.  Now, where may we rest for the evening and find a stable for our horses?”
“There’s only one place in the village and that’s the inn of Mister Todd.  He’s not a nice man, but if you have money he will take care of your needs,” Peter continued.
“Again, many thanks,” Zachary said, while Michael tossed Peter a small golden coin.
“Thank you, my lord!”  Peter exclaimed as he ran excitedly down the village road.
“The state of this territory is worse than I could have imagined,” Michael lamented as they nudged their horses toward the inn.
“Yes, your highness, and I fear it will not be long before Diabolos knows we are here,” Zachary added.  “I also suspect he will quickly know who we are.  There is no way for us to go unnoticed in a small village like this.”
“I don’t think there is anything we can do,” Michael said quietly.  “I suppose the best thing for us to do is to simply pose as hunters from the north.  For right now let’s go see what kind of hospitality Mister Todd can provide us.”
So Michael and Zachary rode down the dusty street to the town inn.  As soon as they arrived, they turned their horses over to a young man who took them directly to the stable.
As they were about to enter the inn, they noticed a knight riding down the street, headed toward them.  This knight was strange to them both, but they could tell by the way he sat straight in the saddle and carried himself, he was a man of noble birth.  
He looked to be about the same age as Michael and Zachary, and perhaps a little taller.  His sandy colored hair was pulled back into a short ponytail and he had a very gentle look about him.  The knight wore silver armor polished brightly and carried a shield bearing the emblem of a rock and an oak tree.  He also carried a warrior’s sword, lance, and ax.  Calmly riding his pure white horse, he came toward Michael and Zachary.
“I’ve never seen this man before,” Zachary said in amazement.  “In fact, I’ve never seen another man like him.  I wonder who he could be and whether he is a friend or a foe?”
“I, too, would like to know,” Michael commented curiously.  “However, I suspect he will be a great friend.”
As the knight came to where they stood watching him, the young knight said, “Greetings good men.  I am Sir Aaron of the land of Ahave.  Are you men of this town, or are you too on a journey?”
“We are on a journey as you seem to be,” Michael replied.
“Well then, since we are all strangers here, perhaps we can enjoy each other’s fellowship this evening,” Sir Aaron said cheerfully as he dismounted from his steed.  Aaron then briefly patted the forehead of his horse and turned him over to the stable boy, who led the horse to the stables.
Both Michael and Zachary were wondering at the appearance of this fine knight and wondering about how they should identify themselves when he turned and asked, “And what are you gentlemen called?”
“I’m Zachary of the North.”
“And I’m called Michael,” the prince responded afraid the wrong ears might hear he was of the royal family.
“Good!” said Aaron excitedly.  “I welcome your fellowship!  Come let us see what fine accommodations this place offers,” he continued as he led Michael and Zachary into the inn.
As soon as they walked into the inn they could not help but notice the keeper.  He had an evil, greedy look about him.  He was bald, short, and heavy.  He was not a powerful looking man, but he had the look on his face that said he would not hesitate to kill anyone of them if it would work to his benefit.
“Well, what can I do for you distinguished gentlemen?  I am Mister Todd,” he said as they walked toward his desk.
“We wish lodging for the evening,” Aaron said in a gentle yet confident voice.
“Then lodging you shall have,” Mister Todd replied with a devious sound that made the three of them somewhat uneasy.  “There are not that many strangers in these parts, especially since the dragon started ravaging our countryside.  Who are you and where do you come from?”
“Why, we are men of little note and hardly worth my lord’s time, with the exception of this noble knight who has by chance joined our company for the evening,” Zachary said.
“Then what is your destination, O men of little note?” asked Todd.
“We are poor hunters passing through, on our way to the south lands to hunt the great bison.”  Michael said with some caution.
“And you, sir knight?” asked Todd glancing spitefully at Aaron.
“I am an errant knight from the land of Ahave seeking what adventure I might find,” Michael answered.
“You might find more adventure in these parts than you wish,” said Todd in a threatening voice.  “But, no matter, you shall rest well this evening in my inn.  You may have the three rooms at the end of the north hall.  Rest well, gentlemen.”
The three men then picked up their belongings and walked to the end of the hall toward their rooms.  As they walked to the rooms assigned them, they each looked carefully at each other as well as at the inn.  
Though there was no cause for alarm Michael, Zachary, and Aaron could not help but wonder what would be in store for them in this place.



CHAPTER 6

STOLEN IN THE NIGHT

Mister Todd’s inn was an old brown wooden building, made with huge beams, much like a log cabin.  Though it was a rather large two-story building, the rooms were small and drafty.  
For the cold night wind would often blow through cracks in the walls, making a shrill howling noise and sending shivering chills up a person’s spine.  However, the beds were comfortable and the blankets thick, ensuring a restful night to any guest.
As Michael was settling into his room he looked forward to the night’s sleep as he felt the soft, thick blankets on his bed.  The rooms the three men occupied were close together.  
Michael and Aaron were on the right side of the hallway and Zachary’s room was on the left.  The hallway was narrow and Michael hoped there would be no emergencies, for it would be difficult for everyone to rush out through the narrow hallway at the same time.
As Michael relaxed for a moment he could not help but wonder about Aaron and what brought him to the northwestern country from the land of Ahave.  Michael had heard stories about people from Ahave, though he had never met anyone from there.  He had heard they were great warriors, fearless and mighty.   
From what he had seen so far, he felt it was safe to assume Aaron was such a person.  If Aaron was as capable as he appeared, he would be very helpful to Michael and Zachary, that is, if he was willing to join them.  Michael thought about how strange it was that they should meet together at Mister Todd’s inn.  He also thought about Mister Todd.  
He did not seem to be a man worthy of trust and looked like the kind of person willing to do anything for money.  This thought made Michael uneasy.
Michael, however, had little time to think of his situation, for Zachary and Aaron soon knocked on his door, asking if he was ready to eat.
“Yes!” Michael said enthusiastically, as he jumped to his feet.  “I’m ready for a feast!”  Opening the door of his room and stepping into the hallway, Michael thought about how happy he was to see Zachary and Aaron, and his heart was strengthened because of their presence.
Mister Todd had a small dining room in his inn where a servant girl served food.
As the three came to a small round wooden table and seated themselves, Michael looked at the young girl and asked “May we have some meat and fresh bread?”
At his request the girl laughed and said, “You are new to these parts.  For everyone knows there’s been no meat here since the dragon appeared and killed all our flocks and herds.  You may have a little old bread and some watery potato soup.” 
“Very well, then,” Aaron said in a gentle, cheerful voice.  “We are eager for your finest old bread and soup!”
As the girl left, Zachary said, “I believe this is the saddest place I’ve ever seen.”
“Yes, it is.” agreed Aaron somberly.  “For this very reason, I’ve come here to meet you, and help you on your noble quest.”
“What do you mean?” Michael asked.
“Highness,” said Aaron, “I was given a vision from the King of Heaven two days ago, as I was in meditation regarding what I should do next.   In this vision I saw you and Zachary, the great hunter.  A messenger of the Great King told me I had a part in your quest to return peace to the land of El.  Being obedient to the vision I set out, not knowing where I was going, but knowing the king’s hand guided me to where I should go.”
“Well, I’ve never been a believer in miracles, but I’m about to start,” Zachary said in amazement while slapping his knee.
“Yes, I too am amazed,” Michael added. 
“You needn’t be surprised your highness.”  Aaron continued.  “For my vision was not nearly as miraculous as your visit from the messenger of the King of Heaven.”
“Yes I suppose not.” Michael conceded.  Then after thinking a moment, he added, “How did you know about the messenger I saw?”
“This too was a part of my vision.  Let me also add this.  I know only you have been granted the power to vanquish this monster, and that Zachary and I are here merely as a source of encouragement for you.”
After Michael and Zachary realized what Aaron said was true, the three of them settled down to a joyous time together discussing their past adventures and ideas of adventures to come.
However, they were not aware that Mister Todd was listening to their conversation.  As soon as he learned that his guest was the prince, he called one of his servants to him and said, “Go to Lord Diabolos, and tell him the prince has arrived.”  For spies had reported to Diabolos the coming of Michael.
As the evening went on, Michael finally said, “It’s late and our day tomorrow will be full.  We should retire to those comfortable beds for the night.”
At that time they went to their rooms looking forward to their adventure together and praying for success.
As they rested, little did they know that men, from the court of Diabolos, were surrounding the inn.
Then suddenly, while they were in their deepest sleep, armed men broke into their rooms and seized them.  So quick was their entry, Prince Michael was unable to reach Avenger to defend himself.  However, Michael did struggle so that it took five of the biggest men to subdue him, and then only because the leader knocked him unconscious with a rod.
When Michael awoke, he found himself in a very dark room.  In fact it was so dark he could not even see his hand in front of his face.  He could however feel wet straw on the floor and a damp musty smell.  The room was also cold and as he stood and walked around the room, he found what must be the door and reasoned the room was square, just large enough for him to walk about in.  Michael had never been in such a place though he had heard of dungeons.
Though Michael was a fearless man, he began to feel despair because of his capture.  Many questions rushed through his mind such as the whereabouts of his companions, Noble, and the identity of who had kidnapped him.  Was it Diabolos?  Was Mister Todd behind this?  Could it be someone else?  After going over events in his mind, he felt certain he had to be somewhere in the castle of Diabolos.  This however did not relieve him of the anxiety regarding the welfare of his companions.
Michael did not know how long he had been in this prison.  To him it could have been hours or it could have been days.  He did know he was hungry, thirsty, restless and longed to hear someone’s voice.  
He sat beside the wall thinking of his home, the sound of Mary’s voice, his mother’s call and the joyous sounds in his father’s court.  These memories, brought some relief, but the darkness and absolute silence he had endured closed in on him like a giant serpent, coiled around his body, squeezing life and hope from him.
What could he do?  Michael thought and prayed as much as he could, then he remembered his quest.  He thought to himself, if the King of Heaven appointed him to accomplish a task, did it make sense that he should languish in a dungeon?  
If the King of Heaven was truly king of all dimensions, would he lead Michael and his companions to such an end?  With these thoughts and questions, Michael strengthened himself.  He had an appointed mission to accomplish, and he would do it.
“O, King of Heaven, mighty and powerful, please look down on me and on my companions,” Michael prayed.  “Rescue us with your strength.  Remember the people of this land and rescue them also.”  And so Michael prayed and meditated on his situation, and on how he might escape.
As Michael sought the King of Heaven, he remembered the words of the messenger.  He was given power and to pray for wisdom to use it.  
So Michael prayed for wisdom to make use of the power the king had given him.  Suddenly he had a thought that he could force open the door to his cell.
“What a silly thought,” he said to himself with a chuckle.  “The door is probably reinforced with steel and much too strong for me to force my way through.”
Yet he continued to think to himself that even if it was a silly idea, it was better to try than to remain sitting in the dark on wet straw.
So Michael arose and felt his way along the wall until he came to the door.  Once he found the door he prayed once more for the promised power and wisdom to use it.  
At that time he began to push on the door.  As soon as he exerted the least bit of force, to his great surprise, the door suddenly and forcefully flew open.  The door opened with such force it struck the guard standing in front of it and crushed him against the wall. 
Light suddenly flooded into the cell and Michael was blinded for the moment.  However, he could tell there were other guards rushing toward him.  Again he prayed for sight and the power to overcome his adversaries.
Michael could just make out the outline of the two guards running toward him with their swords drawn.  With speed he had never experienced, Michael grabbed the first guard’s uplifted arm, just as he was about to strike Michael with his sword.  Throwing the man into the wall, he took his sword from him.  
Just as the second guard was about to bring his sword down upon Michael’s head, Michael moved to the right, avoiding his blade, and ran his sword through the guard’s chest.
Michael quickly looked about for other guards and saw there were none.  He then took notice of where he was.  He was standing in a long, wide corridor, which appeared to be a sort of dungeon, with burning torches along the gray stone hallway to provide light.  He also noticed two other closed doors, which were locked.  Apparently the other two guards had been standing there.
“This must be where my companions are,” Michael said to himself as he used the pommel of his sword to break the lock off the first door.  
As the door opened he saw Zachary sitting in a corner, looking up and shielding his eyes from the dim, but still blinding light of the hallway.  “You can sit there and rest, or we can escape,” Michael said with a chuckle.
“I’ve rested enough, thank you,” Zachary replied as he stumbled to his feet.
Turning to the next locked door Michael broke the lock and opened it.  To his amazement, Aaron was standing in front of the door as if waiting for it to open.  “Don’t tell me,” Michael said with a surprised voice, “you had a vision.”
“However did you guess?” laughed Aaron as he rubbed his eyes and adjusted to the light.
To his great relief, Michael was once again with his new friends, Zachary and Aaron.  To him it was like coming home.  
Now, he thought to himself as he once again enjoyed their presence, “How will we get out of here?”




Diabolos’ Castle



CHAPTER 7

ESCAPE FROM DIABOLOS’ CASTLE

Michael and his companions quickly realized that though they were free of their dungeon cells, they were not out of danger.  To make their escape complete they had to make their way out of the castle itself and find their way to wherever the dragon might be.  
After a brief discussion of their situation, they all agreed they must be in the castle of Diabolos.  In the midst of trying to determine the best way to escape from the castle, Zachary suddenly said in an unusually serious tone, “Before we do anything, I would like some food and drink.” 
“Yes!” Michael and Aaron agreed in unison.
“We must have been in these cells for at least three days,” Michael went on.
“I suspect Diabolos, or whoever is holding us here, intended for us to be in the weakest possible state before bringing us out,” commented Aaron.
“That makes sense,” Michael said.  “Otherwise they would have killed us before now.  However, we must take care not to be captured again.  Gather swords for yourselves,  I fear we will likely meet more of Diabolos’ men.”
So Aaron and Zachary picked up the swords used by two of the guards Michael subdued, and the three went off to find some food and their way out of the castle.  
They were soon surprised to find out how long the winding hallway was.  It seemed to twist and turn like a maze.  Sometimes it seemed to be an incline, as if going up to the ground level, then other times it would suddenly go down.  
On two occasions they met soldiers of Diabolos and each time Michael, Zachary and Aaron were more than a match for Diabolos’ men.  On one such occasion, they encountered twelve armed soldiers, but quickly overcame them all, so that none of them escaped.
Finally, they came to an area with a guardroom and ascending steps.  Not only did it appear as if they had found their way out, they also noticed a basket of bread and a bucket of cold water.  Each of them broke a piece of bread from the loaf and began to eat.  
Though the bread was obviously old and a bit stale, they each commented on how good it tasted and each seemed to think it had a rather sweet taste as if made with honey.  Like the bread, the water seemed to have a slight taste to it as if it were a fine wine.  
After they had consumed what to them was a feast, each looked at the other with a hint of satisfaction in their eyes and a slightly mischievous look as they considered what they might do to trouble the household of Diabolos.
“Now I wonder what is at the top of these stairs?” Michael said with a smirk, as he looked at the door at the top.
“The only way we’ll find out is to go have a look,” Zachary said with wide eyes and a smile as he twirled the sword in his hand.
“Yes,” said Aaron, “but what lies beyond could be a blessing or a curse.  We should probably consider how we will account for ourselves once we reach the top.”
“We’ll move up quietly,” Michael began, “then I will go through the door as if by myself.  If I need help, Zachary, you come to my aid.  If we need more help Aaron, you consider the chances of survival.  If you can help, do so.  If not, consider when you can make good your own escape.  At any rate, I will make sure it is safe.”
“Fair enough,” agreed Zachary and Aaron nodding their heads.
“Then let’s go,” Michael said.  He began the ascent while Zachary and Aaron followed closely behind.
Cautiously they crept up the stairs to the door at the top.  Michael carefully opened the door to avoid unnecessary notice, and looked about the area.  Through the halls he could hear voices, as if a court were in session, but he could see no one.
“Let’s go,” Michael said motioning with his sword.
The three companions moved quietly into the large room toward the voices, trying to avoid any soldiers who might come near them.  Then they came to two huge wooden doors, which were partially open, leading to a large chamber, almost the size of the great hall of King Christian’s castle.  
As they peered into the chamber they saw Diabolos holding his court.  
Diabolos was the most evil looking man Michael had ever seen.  He was tall, nearly seven feet, and very thin.  He had dark, oily hair and a dark beard.  He was dressed in black, which was a striking contrast to his pale white skin.  All three of the companions could not help but notice Diabolos’ piercing dark eyes and the expression on his face.  His expression seemed to indicate he took pleasure in seeing others suffer.
As Michael began to wonder about what he should do, a band of about fifty soldiers suddenly came upon them.  
Michael and his companions resisted fiercely by putting their backs together to form a sort of human triangle, preventing anyone’s back from being exposed to danger.  
It seemed that as soon as a group of the fifty would lunge at the three, each of the soldiers would find one of the three swords stuck in his ribs.
As they fought, Michael thought of his own sword, Avenger, and wished for it.  But Michael was a fine swordsman, with any sword, and bested all who came at him as Zachary and Aaron did, also.
Soon, after about thirty of their number lay on the floor, wounded or dead, the remainder of the soldiers decided they would need other measures to subdue these three intruders, and appeared to withdraw.  As soon as these soldiers were out of sight, another group of soldiers on an overhead balcony threw a net over Michael, Zachary and Aaron, and captured them.
When the fight broke out, Diabolos was startled and asked who could be attacking his castle, for he did not believe it was possible that anyone could have escaped from his dungeon. 
When a soldier reported to him it was Prince Michael and his companions, Diabolos gave orders that at all costs he wanted them taken alive.
As soon as the soldiers had subdued the three escapees, they marched them to the front of the chamber to face Diabolos.  The evil in Diabolos was ever more noticeable as they drew closer to the front.  
Michael quickly noticed Diabolos held in his hand Michael’s sword, Avenger, and wore around his neck the amulet Princess Mary gave him before he left his father’s castle.
“So,” said Diabolos, “you escaped!  I don’t know what trickery you used against my guards, but I promise you, you’ll never escape again.  Those cells are intended to be your graves.  As soon as I march on the King of El, he and his family will join you!”
After speaking these words Diabolos laughed an evil laugh that caused Michael, Zachary and Aaron to have chills down their spines.
“But don’t worry, my friends,” Diabolos continued with a hideous laugh.  “I won’t let you go back to those cells alive.  This is such a fine sword and I’m grateful to Prince Michael for bequeathing it to me.  The best way to test such a weapon is upon the head of its former master.”
Diabolos then took Avenger, held it over his head as if he were about to remove it from its sheath.
Michael thought for a moment about how improper it was that such an evil man should wield Avenger and wear the amulet of healing.  He also thought briefly that he was seeing the last sights he would ever see.
However, at that moment, Michael looked up and saw Diabolos slowly removing Avenger from its sheath.  As the blade of the sword slowly appeared from its covering, Michael noticed it seemed to glow, not merely reflecting the light, but to actually glow in a strange way as if the metal of the blade were alive.  
Michael also noticed the diamond in its pommel began to radiate a bright blue light he had never seen.  As it radiated the blue light the diamond in the amulet also radiated with the same rhythmic pulse.  
Just as the tip of Avenger’s blade came out of the sheath, still held high above Diabolos’ head, a sort of lightning ran from the amulet to the pommel of Avenger and struck Diabolos causing him to convulse violently and drop Avenger.
Before Avenger reached the floor, Michael reached out and grabbed it with his right hand, and quickly turned, cutting into three soldiers who were running to their incapacitated lord.  
Following Michael’s lead, Zachary and Aaron quickly seized swords for themselves.  Again the three formed their impenetrable triangle which the soldiers quickly realized they could not defeat, and so withdrew from the room.
As the three were catching their breath, Zachary fell to the floor with a deep wound to his side.  As Michael and Aaron lifted him up, he said, “Don’t bother with me, the wound is deep and I’ve lost much blood already.”
“We cannot leave a companion.” Michael and Aaron said in unison as Zachary slipped further into unconsciousness.
Briefly, Michael felt helpless as he watched his friend die.  However, suddenly it was as if someone whispered in his ear, “Mary’s amulet!”
Turning quickly to Aaron, Michael asked “What did you say?”
“I said nothing,” Aaron answered.
Remembering the amulet’s power to heal, he quickly ran to where Diabolos lay, stunned, on the floor staring at the ceiling.  He took the amulet from him.
“This will save him!” Michael said with confidence, yet obviously unsure how to use it.
“But how can it be used?” Aaron inquired as he saw Michael’s expression.
“I don’t know!” Michael responded anxiously.  Then without a thought, he touched the amulet to Zachary’s wound and looked up, as if to Heaven, and said “Please, save my friend!”
No sooner had Michael spoken the words than Zachary opened his eyes widely, as he felt where his wound had been, and said in an astonished voice, “I’m not sure what you did, and I’m certainly not sure how you did it.  I think I’ll just accept it and say thank you.”
Aaron and Michael were also astonished as they noticed there was no trace of Zachary’s wound.  Even the place where the sword cut through his garment was as whole as new cloth.
Before the three had a chance to say anything more about this astonishing event, Diabolos suddenly jumped to his feet and fled from the room.
Aaron was about to pursue him when Michael said, “No, we must wait until later to take care of him.  Our first objective must be to slay the dragon he serves.” 



CHAPTER 8

THE DRAGON QUEST BEGINS

As the three companions prepared to leave the castle of Diabolos, they cautiously looked about the room they were in for any signs of possible attack.  They each sensed a strange foreboding, yet they also sensed they were alone.
“I don’t suppose I need to say it but, we should still be careful, since we’re not out of here yet,” Michael commented as he looked about the silent room covered with the motionless bodies of Diabolos’ men.  Walking toward the door, with Avenger in his hand, he continued, “I don’t know what Diabolos had in mind, but I’m certain he won’t give up this easily.”
“I wonder where we might find our weapons and horses,” Aaron asked as he stepped over the dead and looked about the room.  “I much prefer my own sword to this.”
“Yes,” Zachary quickly added. “I’ve grown used to my own weapons, and I think I’m most effective when I have them.”
As they quietly walked out of the room, they noticed one of the soldiers stealing around the corner as if to attack them from behind.
Zachary glanced in the direction of the man, then at Michael and Aaron and nodded his head, indicating he knew what needed to be done.  Moving as quickly as a serpent striking its prey, Zachary grabbed the soldier by the collar with his powerful arm and shook him until he could not stand on his feet any longer.
“Perhaps this young man would care to tell us where our property is located,” Zachary said with a bit of a smile.
“Please, my lords, spare me.  I’m a poor farmer pressed into the service of Diabolos,” he pleaded.
“Where are our weapons and horses?” asked Aaron as he held a sword to the frightened young man’s chest.
“In lord Diabolos’ stables.  All is there and guarded well.  Don’t kill me, and I’ll help you,” the soldier said as his weak knees gave way beneath him.  
“Strengthen yourself, man!” Michael said with a note of irritation.  “Just show us the way and no harm will come to you from us!”
The young man eagerly accepted the offer and began to lead them to the stables.  As he led them along the passageways of the castle toward the stables, he told them his name was Alexander and that he was from the village of Shallem, where his family lived.  He also described to them how Diabolos pressed him into service and had mistreated and abused his poor family.
“Did you say you were from Shallem?”  Michael inquired with concern.
“Why yes, my prince,” Alexander responded.  “Have you heard of my village?”
“Yes, I have, Alexander.  A messenger reported to our court the great dragon had devoured it.”
“Devoured it?” Alexander repeated in disbelief as he stopped in his tracks.  “My family and friends are gone?  I had hoped that my service to Diabolos would spare them.”
“I’m sorry, Alexander,” Michael said in a consoling way.  “Evil will only pay evil as its wages.  There is no way you could have known.  Now you can help us avenge the destruction of your home.”
“I will,” Alexander said resolutely.  He then went on to explain Diabolos’ plan to attack the King of El, and make himself king.  Alexander next described how Diabolos drew his power from the dragon, and how as long as the dragon lived Diabolos would be nearly invincible.
When Michael, Aaron, and Zachary heard these words, they were most distressed.  No longer was this merely an interesting quest for Aaron and Zachary.  It was a battle for their families and their way of life.  For Michael, the full force of the importance of his role fell upon him unlike any time in the past.  Suddenly, all three men felt humbled by the importance of their role in this struggle.
After a brief moment of thought, Michael asked, “Where does Diabolos get an army large enough to attack the King of El?”
“Highness,” replied Alexander, “he hired mercenary hordes from the South Lowlands promising treasures of gold, silver and people.”
Michael and his companions, now knowing the seriousness of the situation, resolved in their hearts that they would not fail in this mission.
With this thought in mind, Aaron added, “If this is the case, our time is short and we must destroy the dragon quickly.”
Finally the four men reached the stables and stole in without the guards seeing them.  As Alexander promised, Noble and the other horses were well cared for, and their weapons were close by.
“Lord Diabolos had planned to ride Noble into battle against the King of El,” Alexander commented as he saw Michael devotedly rubbing the horse’s forehead.
“That would have been funny to see!” Michael chuckled.  “Noble would never allow Diabolos to ride him.  He only knows my family.  So it’s likely Diabolos would have died by the horse he would have been trying to ride.  At any rate, this is one prize of which I’ll deprive Diabolos now.”
As the three companions were about to escape, Alexander cried out, “Oh, take me with you, my lords!  Please don’t leave me here.  I’ll wash your clothes and feed your horses.  If I stay here Diabolos will skin me alive.  I also want to help defeat him.”
Looking at his companions, then at Alexander, Michael said, “Get a horse and a weapon.  Work with us and you’ll have a part in our quest.  Betray us and Diabolos’ skinning will seem a pleasant alternative.”
Joyfully, Alexander took a steed and weapons, and readied himself for escape.  “We must be quick,” he said.  “Diabolos’ archers will have their arrows trained on us as soon as we come out of the gate, since they know you’ve escaped.”   
Without another word the four men charged out of the gate with their horses running as fast as they would go.  The archers, expecting to see them trying to steal in rather than out of the stables were taken by surprise.  However, it did not take them long to fix their arrows and begin shooting at the fleeing horsemen, just barely missing them.
As soon as they were out of range and had progressed up the mountainside, they paused to look at the castle, where they had been but had never seen from the outside.  Diabolos’ castle was the largest they had ever seen, as well as the oldest.  It had six sides with thick walls that looked to be thirty feet high.  Though the castle itself was very large, the main gate of the castle was so small only two horses side by side could enter or go out at any one time.  There were also tall towers at each corner of the castle walls and a guardhouse over the gate.  The castle was dark gray and lifeless.  
Were it not for the fact they knew people were in the castle, they would have thought it was deserted.  It seemed strange to Michael that the castle was situated in a valley between three mountains and there was no moat or defenses he could see.  Alexander later told him secret traps surrounded the castle, providing a more deadly and better defense than any moat.
After looking on the castle for a few moments, they turned toward the mountains where they hoped to soon find and slay the dragon.  Before they made their way, they heard a great commotion from the castle.  They looked to see Diabolos riding out, leading his hordes of horsemen.  
“They’re after us!” Aaron said in excitement.
“No,” Alexander said solemnly.  “It’s begun.  They’re on their way to make war on the King of El.”
“Time is short, my friends,” Michael commented.  “We must slay the dragon and then help defend the kingdom.  Let’s be off.”
      At Michael’s words the four men were on their way to what the future would hold.  Each of them possessed a sense of urgency they had never known.



CHAPTER 9

EL PREPARES FOR THE STORM

Word soon reached King Christian that Diabolos was on his way with 30,000 warriors to attack the castle.  When the king and his court heard the news all their hearts melted with anxiety.
“What word is there regarding my son, Michael?”  King Christian asked the messenger.
“The only word was that soon after he and his companions reached the mountain village of Shocho, Diabolos and his men took them by force to his castle,” replied the messenger with his head bowed low in sorrow for the king and for the kingdom. 
At this news the king lowered his head and wept for his son.  When the rest of the court saw how the king wept for Michael, they were filled with even greater fear and sorrow.  Because of all the news that had come to the court, there was silence and a feeling of despair.
Soon Prince Lionel stood up and said, “Take heart people of El!  Even if my brother has died at the hands of Diabolos, and we don’t know for sure this is the case, he would not want us to grieve to the point of defeat!  But this is not likely the case, for we should not forget that the King of Heaven commissioned Michael, and as I stand here, I know the King’s will shall not be thwarted.  Our duty is to  lead the armies of El against our foe and pray for Michael’s success!”
At Lionel’s words the entire court was strengthened and began to discuss how they could defeat the great army of Diabolos.
Prince John stood up and asked, “How can we possibly stop Diabolos’ army?  He is only one day away and the largest force we could possibly muster in that amount of time would only be seven hundred knights and perhaps seven thousand men at arms.”
“We must meet them on the edge of the barren plains at Nekrosis before they can enter the King’s Province,” King Christian said, speaking as one who had experience in such things.  “Apparently we cannot avoid a fight with Diabolos, but we can decide the place of battle and use this to our advantage.  If we can meet them there at the narrow pass and hold them, their water and food will quickly run out and they will have to retreat giving us time to muster the entire army.  However, there is also the possibility they will fight even harder once they feel the pangs of hunger.  Still, it is a risk we are forced to take.”
When everyone heard the king’s words they were encouraged by his plan and began to prepare themselves for battle.  As the men of the court were running about to gird their weapons and muster their reserves, the queen and princess entered the court unaware of what had transpired.
“There is either grievous news, or we are preparing for a great tournament,” Queen Debora said hopeful it was the latter.
Princess Mary responded, “It must be Michael!  He’s defeated the dragon and they are preparing for his return!”
With these words and hopeful thoughts, Mary ran to her father to confirm her belief.
As she pranced playfully toward her father, expectant of joyful news, the queen thought quietly to herself that, though she too was hopeful, the sights she was seeing did not comfort her.
As Mary leaped up to embrace her father, she said excitedly, “It’s Michael isn’t it?  He has killed the dragon and is returning victorious!”
When the king heard her words and hopeful expression, he choked in tears and said, “How I wish your words were true.  There is no word from Michael. Diabolos, the evil lord from the far northwest, is marching on our castle with a large army.  We are preparing to meet him in battle.”
Mary fell at her father’s feet weeping more bitterly than any maiden had ever wept.  As the queen approached, having heard the king’s words, she knelt down beside her daughter and wept with her.
“Take courage, women of El,” the king commanded.  “There will be time for weeping when we can do nothing else.  It is not known that Michael failed in his quest, and who is to say how the battle shall fare?  We have much to do and we are responsible to the people to protect them.”
“Yes,” the queen responded. “We must gather the other women of El for the battle as well.  There will be wounded to attend to and arrows must be made.”
“And I must go to the battle,” Mary said resolutely.  “The closer I am, the more I’ll be able to encourage the men.  I can also use a sword and bow if necessary.”  
“Good!” the king said.  “We must also have people beseeching the King of Heaven on our behalf, for our victory.  Please make sure all is taken care of.”
The king, princess, noblemen, and people gathered their arms and quickly prepared to ride to the edge of the barren plains where they would meet Diabolos.  
As the army mustered on the parade grounds just outside the castle, the king looked over the men of war and remembered the days of long ago when he led the army against other invading hordes.  
Though the king was a man of peace, he was filled with pride to once again lead his army and protect his people.  The thought of the selflessness of each knight and each man at arms, who were about to go into an uncertain battle, caused the king to reflect upon and question his own worthiness to lead these people.
The king’s meditation was soon cut short. Prince John came to him and said, “The army is mustered, my lord, and all is ready.  We have six hundred seventy-five knights and a little over seven thousand men at arms.  How do you wish to lead the army?”
“For now,” the king said, “let’s march out as a whole army before the people who will support us that they may be proud of their army.  Once we reach the border, there will be time to decide who will lead which contingent.”
So the army of El paraded away from the castle toward the place of battle as the people of El cheered and shouted blessings at each soldier and knight who passed by.  While the king and each man knew the seriousness of the situation, they were content for the moment to pretend there was a glorious aspect attached to marching out to battle.



CHAPTER 10

NEARING THE DRAGON

Though Michael and his companions knew the danger of their quest, the beauty of the mountains filled their thoughts.  There were no mountains, or any other country more beautiful than the mountains of the northwest.  The mountains were covered in trees of all kinds in different shades of green.  
Above the timberline, where the trees ceased to grow, soft green grass led up to snow covered peaks changing from green to brown as it reached the pure white snow.  The peaks themselves glistened in the sunlight.  Each peak looked like a diamond and many of the peaks reached much higher than the clouds that were in the sky.
“Alexander,” Michael called as he surveyed the beauty of the mountains, “how do we reach the dragon?”
“The dragon is much closer than you may think,” Alexander replied.  “Just over the next hill is a flat place with a path leading to the dragon.  But you must beware of the guard.  The guard is a giant who serves the dragon and is also a servant of Diabolos.  He will not let anyone pass through the entrance and he will strike quickly, trying to kill all of us before we know he is near.  I know this because I witnessed him slay fifteen of the king’s soldiers before any of them had a chance to draw a sword.”
Before Michael could respond to this news, Zachary with wide-eyed surprise said, “Is there any end to what will be added to this quest?  First it was only a dragon, and then we spent who knows how long in Diabolos’ dungeon.  After the dragon, we have to fight a war.  Now we have to guard ourselves against a giant!  I’m only glad I’m here to witness it all, because I wouldn’t believe it if someone told me.”
“At least we have the advantage of knowing he will be there,” Aaron said.  “The giant should be no difficult adversary if we plan how to attack his position.”
“I agree,” said Michael with an adventurous smile and nod.  “Let’s move close to the position.  Once we’re able to see the place where we’re likely to meet the giant, we can make plans.”
The four men rode to a hilltop and looked into the area leading to the place of the dragon.  It was a small area, round in shape, like a small sports arena, completely surrounded by walls of earth and rock, except for the narrow path, which led into it.  There was no grass there, only dust, which seemed to indicate much activity, preventing any grass from growing.  
From what they could see of the path it was winding up from a mountain trail.  As they looked more closely, in the place where they expected to see a cave, they merely saw a flat stony wall.  
The most shocking sight they witnessed was in the center of the area.  For in the center was a young woman chained to a large wooden stake.  She was dressed in a pure white gown as if it were her wedding day.  As Michael gazed upon the young woman, she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. She had long blond hair reaching past her shoulders, and a very noble appearance. 
“I don’t need to ask, but tell me why the young woman is there,” Michael said as he turned to Alexander.
“It is as you fear.  She is the dragon’s bride, a sacrifice if you will,” Alexander replied.
“By her noble appearance, she appears to be a princess. The way she holds herself gives her away,” Aaron noted.  “Most persons in her position would be begging and pleading for help, but she stands there resigned to her fate.”
“This shall not be her fate,” Michael said solemnly.    “Today must be the day such things end in the land of El.”
“I agree, but where is the giant?” Zachary asked as he anxiously looked about the area.
“He is there, in the same place as the dragon,” Alexander answered.  
“What do you mean?” Zachary asked with  confused expression.
“As you can see, there is no cave as such.  This is because the dragon is from another world or dimension, which opens and closes at the dragon’s will.  It seems the giant is in the dragon’s world looking out a window into ours.  When he sees something out of place in that small area, he steps out, suddenly appearing where he will.
“How do you know all this, Alexander?” Michael asked.
“This is Diabolos’ doing.  He opened the door to the other world with his magic.  I was not here when he did this, but I heard others speak of it, who were here to witness it,” Alexander answered.
“Do you think the giant knows we’re here?” Aaron asked.
“No, I don’t think so.  The giant’s view of our world is limited to the area below.  To my knowledge, he has never ventured beyond this place, though the dragon has gone out frequently.  The people hope to keep the dragon away by such appeasement as you see before you,” Alexander continued.
“This is what we will do,” Michael said.  “I will go in to rescue the young woman using the path.  Each of you will stand on the sides of the place of the dragon, ready to jump down to my assistance when the giant appears.  Perhaps we can surprise him.”
The plan seemed good to Michael’s companions, so they set off at once to carry it out.



CHAPTER 11

A LOSS AT NEKROSIS

As King Christian and his army moved toward the place where they would battle Diabolos, the king pondered how best to organize the army for the defense of the country.  Soon, however, they reached Nekrosis, the border to the barren plains, where they hoped to stop Diabolos and his army.
As the king looked over the land he noted the entrance to the Province of the King and his lands were guarded by rolling hills.  There were two hills in particular that would be useful for hiding armies.  Perhaps, he thought, he could surprise Diabolos.  As he looked at the hills he decided how the battle would be set and called for his sons and commanders.
“Those hills,” the king said, “form a natural entrance to this land.  We shall divide the army into three parts.  I will command a small force of 1,500 men and 200 knights.  The rest we will equally divide between John and Lionel.  My force will meet him at the entrance.  John and Lionel will be on each flank behind the hills with larger forces ready to attack as soon as we join battle.  Hopefully, Diabolos will be foolish in his attack thinking we have even fewer soldiers than we do and attack head on.  When he does, John and Lionel can cause great confusion among his troops.  Now, what do you say?”
John, Lionel, and each of the commanders readily accepted the king’s proposal and set about making preparations for their defense of the land.  However, before they departed from their meeting John asked, “Who shall lead the right flank?” 
“The right flank will be the most dangerous,” the king said, nodding his head in deep thought.  “The enemy will be better prepared for attack on that side since we’ll be attacking into their shields.” 
“The men will also be aware of that once we are in place, and the plan is known.” John added.
“Let me command the right flank,” Lionel requested as he stepped forward with a confident smile.  “I believe I can encourage the men, and I’ve had experience in such battlefield moves.
The thought of putting any of his sons on such a dangerous flank disturbed the king greatly.  As he quickly thought of how best to defeat Diabolos without placing his son in such danger, Lionel added, “I know what you are thinking, Father.  You don’t want to place anyone in a dangerous position.  You’re afraid of the risk.  You know that nothing is worthwhile that is without risk.  You also know the King of Heaven is directing the battle, and it will go as he wishes.  So don’t fear placing me where I’ll best serve the king.”
King Christian listened to Lionel and realized that he was the best choice to inspire his men as they moved into battle.  Though John was a proven warrior and leader, Lionel was known for his calm courage and piety, which would calm his men.  In this regard, Lionel had a quality about him the king had never seen in a battlefield commander.
“Lionel, my son.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“You will command the right flank.  Prepare your men and may the King of Heaven guide you.”
As Prince Lionel gallantly gathered his force and moved into his position, King Christian was so moved he wanted to weep.  But the king held back his tears for the sake of those about him, who might lose courage if they thought the king lost confidence.
So it was arranged that the king and his force would hold the pass while Lionel attacked from the right, and John attacked from the left.  Once everyone was in place, the waiting began.  
It seemed like they waited for an eternity, yet it was actually a short while.  The king and his forces soon saw a cloud of dust on the horizon.  As they watched the dust cloud move, they knew it was Diabolos.
As Diabolos drew near, the wicked lord saw the king and his small force blocking his way, so he halted his army so he could speak with the King of El.
While the two forces stood facing each other separated by no more than a few feet of ground Diabolos defiantly shouted to King Christian,  “Save yourself and your scrawny group of old men!  I will be king over El and you will be my slaves.  Why do you subject yourself to certain death and failure?  Accept what must be and it will not be so difficult.”
“The kingdom is not mine to give, Diabolos,” King Christian said with certainty.  “Every person of El belongs to no one but themselves, and they have not granted me the authority to hand them over to you or any other man.  These people serve the King of Heaven, and as he has selected me as their servant, I will never hand the kingdom over willingly!  Know this, Diabolos.  You face more than mortal men, for there is a force with us even greater than the dragon which my son shall slay!” 
At the king’s words Diabolos was filled with such rage he could hardly control himself.  “You will soon join your son, Christian.  For as I slew him, so I shall slay you and your people,” he hissed.
Though the thought of Michael’s death at Diabolos’ hand pierced Christian’s heart for a moment, he had little time to reflect on it.  For as soon as the words left Diabolos’ mouth, he directed his hordes to attack, while he sat on the side observing and directing his army in the attack.
It was like a wave of the sea rushing over them when the hordes of Diabolos fell upon them.  The king and his men had their spears, swords, and shields at the ready and ably defended themselves against their enemies as they rushed on.
The intensity of the fight was the greatest any person had ever known.  King Christian and his men cut down the enemy one by one as they converged on the small group without pause.  Though the king and his men were on horses they formed small mounted cells in a circular shape to avoid exposing their backs to the enemy.
At the given moment, when the entire army of Diabolos was attempting to engulf the king’s contingent, Lionel and John swept down upon their flanks catching them completely off guard.
For a moment, it seemed Diabolos’ entire army was thrown into confusion and on the verge of a total rout.  However, Diabolos held up his scepter with the dragon’s image on it, and his army soon regrouped and was able to bear down upon the defenders.
As was feared, the right flank was the most deadly.  For though the finest fighters were placed on the right flank and cut down more than their number of the enemy, they fell one by one at the hands of their merciless adversaries.
On the left flank, Prince John and his forces also cut deep into the enemy’s flank causing grievous damage to their forces.  However, as with the right flank, when Diabolos raised his evil scepter, John’s forces were pushed back.
As the king and the smallest force defended the entrance to the King’s Province, they did not give even an inch of ground, but held back the enemy, even as the king’s force lost half its number.
Though the battle raged and Diabolos’ forces made no headway, it was the hardest on King Christian’s army.  For Prince Lionel on the right flank would not retreat though he lost more than half his force and had himself been wounded more than once.
As the battle raged, Princess Mary sat on her horse on an overlooking hillside watching the battle.  Because she knew Lionel was in the position of greatest danger, she watched as he bravely fought off two, three, four, and five men at one time.  As she watched her brother’s gallantry she was filled with both fear and pride.  Then she noticed that his men were being killed all about him, and he was quickly being cut off from the remainder of his force.
Suddenly, as he was in the heaviest part of the fighting and calling to his few men to follow, Mary saw two of the enemy, one on each side, pierce him with their swords.  Lionel then slumped in his saddle and fell to the ground.
“No!” Mary yelled as she charged, without thinking, onto the field of battle at full gallop.  While nearing the scene where Lionel fell, she leaned over and grabbed a sword from the hand of a fallen soldier.  
It seemed as if Mary was filled with a strength no person had ever known, for she quickly cut down ten adversaries one after the other as she rode to her fallen brother.
When Diabolos saw that his army was not making progress, he withdrew and ordered his forces to withdraw, so they might regroup and attack again, which gave the army of El a needed rest.
It was at this time that Mary reached Lionel lying on the field of battle. Quickly the king and John were by her side.
As Mary and the king, held Lionel’s lifeless body they wept, and the king said over and over how he would rather have died than Lionel.
Mary then exclaimed, “If only I had my amulet, I could save him, but I gave it to Michael and we don’t even know if Michael lives!”
“Take courage, Mary,” the king said as he wiped away her tears.  “Lionel knew what he was facing and he told us it was the King of Heaven directing the battle.  We must not lose hope or faith.”
There was great weeping among them.  Not only did they weep for Prince Lionel, but also for the more than four thousand men of El who died in that battle.
Quickly and quietly, the king and his forces regrouped. For they realized there would be little time before Diabolos attacked again, and they would have to wait before they could mourn the fallen. 



CHAPTER 12

THE RESCUE

Michael quickly and carefully ran around to the winding path that led to the place of the dragon.  As he ran he was intent on rescuing the young woman from the giant and the dragon.  As he prepared to enter into the area, he looked up to make sure Aaron, Zachary, and Alexander were in place ready to come to his assistance.  
Much to his comfort, they were all three looking down on him confidently motioning him on.  As he saw them he thought briefly of how confident they seemed to be of his ability to handle the situation. However, he did not linger on this thought.  Knowing the time for action was short, Michael pulled Avenger from its sheath and ran to the center of the arena ready to release the woman.
As soon as she saw him she cried out, “Please, sir!  Don’t let them feed me to the dragon.  Please rescue me!”
Michael was enchanted by her voice as soon as he heard it.  For even in pleading she had a very pleasing and poetic quality to her speech, as if she sang her words.
Michael quickly made his way to her and raised Avenger to break the chains binding her.  However, before he could take one stroke or continue thinking about her, the giant suddenly appeared and attacked him.  Initially Michael was unaware of the danger, but as he raised Avenger to strike the chains, he heard a faint whisper which sounded like his brother, Lionel saying, “Michael, duck.  Now!”  
Without another thought, Michael obeyed the voice and ducked to the ground just in time to see a huge club pass over his head.  At the same moment out of the corner of his eye, he saw his companions jump into the arena coming to his rescue. 
The giant’s attack was such that with one swing of the club he immediately knocked Aaron, Zachary, and Alexander to the ground.  Michael hoped to remain near the post to which the woman was chained, while the others fought off the giant.  
As soon as the three were down the giant quickly came for Michael, keeping him away from the helpless and pleading woman.  Alexander, Zachary, and Aaron were quick to get back on their feet and come back toward the giant, guardian of the dragon’s place. 
The giant was ten feet tall and very muscular.  His head was bald, and his eyes were crossed.  He had an expression on his face that was both horrifying, yet pitiful.  He had skin so white, it was as if he had never stood in the sun, and he was covered with so much dirt, it appeared he had never bathed.  
The stench of the giant was almost overpowering in itself, but it was the great sword and club the giant carried that most concerned Michael and his companions.  
The pitiful aspect of the giant was the impression he could have been a gentle soul, but he was trained to serve the dragon.  He also appeared never to have been schooled, for each time he would swing at the companions, he would grunt as if that was the only sound he knew to make.
The four rescuers spread themselves out trying to keep the giant off guard.  They constantly moved and would lunge at the giant each time he seemed to be ready to attack one of the others.  It seemed obvious to them the giant was becoming confused and was beginning to tire.  The giant continued to swing at each of them, nearly striking them from time to time.  This kept them from becoming lax in their battle.
Though they thought he was tiring, suddenly the giant quickly and unexpectedly struck Aaron with his club, knocking him to the ground, unconscious.  Next, as Zachary lunged at the giant with his sword, the giant caught him across his back with the club knocking him to the ground.  
Trying to come to Zachary’s rescue, Alexander rushed toward the giant with his sword, actually cutting the giant’s side, but the giant, with a loud moan brought his own sword down upon Alexander, bringing his life to an end.
Now Michael stood alone before the most terrifying adversary he had ever faced.  As he quickly looked about him, it seemed as if all his companions were dead, and his heart began to sink within him.
Then Michael heard the voice of the young woman saying, “Sir, you will not fail.  The power is in you to destroy the great dragon and Diabolos’ power.” 
Michael looked upon her face and she appeared as one of the King of Heaven’s messengers, more beautiful than any woman he had ever seen.  Michael felt power come upon him, and he wielded Avenger against the mighty giant like he had never done before.  
Michael battled the giant for what seemed to be hours, yet the giant did not give way and did not seem to tire from the fight.  It seemed to Michael as if Avenger had lost its power, yet the giant could not gain a great advantage over Michael, either.
As the sun began to sink behind the mountaintops, Michael started to tire and began to give way before the giant.  Just as Michael thought he had lost all of his strength, the young woman began to sing:
“Now shall the King of Heaven bestow
Upon his knight battling below,
His power and strength for victory’s command,
So that justice and truth shall dwell in the land!”
At the sound of her song it was as if the giant momentarily lost the power to defend himself and Michael felt completely renewed.  Still, this was only for a moment, for as soon as Michael made some headway against the giant, he suddenly felt more tired than a moment before, and the giant seemed to him to have grown by another foot.  
While Michael tried to defend himself and stay out of the giant’s reach, he could not help but ask himself, was this the end he was called to?  
Had not the King of Heaven appointed him to slay the dragon?  Now here he was about to die at the hand of the dragon’s guard.  Having considered these thoughts, he took one last lunge at the giant, only to miss his mark and fall on his face.  Exhausted and filled with disappointment, Michael waited on the ground for the giant’s sword or club to fall on him.
Suddenly Michael heard a wisp, thump and the giant fell to the ground.  Raising his head and looking behind him he saw the giant lying dead on his back with an arrow in his chest.
Zachary then walked over with his bow in his hand and said matter-of-factly,  “I don’t know why we didn’t think to do this sooner.  It would have been a lot easier.” 
Michael then looked over at Aaron who was rubbing his shoulder and walking in their direction.  Over in a corner lay the body of Alexander.  After trying to piece the scene together for a moment, Michael remembered the urgency of their situation.  “Quick!” he said.  “Break her chains!  We must leave this place before the dragon takes us by surprise.”
At Michael’s command the companions quickly used the giant’s sword to cut through the chains that bound the woman.  Once they had secured her release, they carried her out as well as Alexander’s body.  As they ran down the narrow path, Michael glanced back wondering how they would ever be able to slay the dragon.



CHAPTER 13

THE REGROUPING

King Christian had never felt so empty as he did when he watched the wounded being taken from the field of battle.  Even reports that they had destroyed more than a third of Diabolos’ army did little to encourage him.  Though he wanted to take time to grieve for the loss of his son and many of his friends, he realized he had time only to concentrate on his next plan of defense.
“What can we do now?” the king asked.  “We are only about 3,700 against 20,000.  I cannot believe we’ve used every resource.”
“Perhaps it would be best to retreat to the castle for our final defense,” Prince John commented.  “We could easily protect ourselves and at the same time reduce Diabolos’ numbers further.”
“No,” replied the king.  “If we return to the castle we will only endanger those in the castle.  We cannot afford that now.  Further, if we’re in the castle, Diabolos need merely wait us out.  In the meantime he will ravage about the countryside, with us helpless to assist our people.”  Then looking around the king commented, “If only we could be invisible for a short while.”
“What are you looking for father?” asked Mary with a sad voice and eyes red from weeping for Lionel.
“We need a place to conceal ourselves so we can surprise Diabolos once more on his next attack.  I assure you he won’t be fooled again by the same trick,” the king replied.  Then looking at Artemus he asked, “How many archers do we have?”
“Your majesty, all the men of El are expert archers.  You may count the entire army as able.”
“Good!” the king said with a note of excitement in his voice.  “We will pull back to the trees.”  As the king looked at the great oak trees lining both sides of the road leading to the castle, he said, “Place two thousand of the men in and behind the trees, one thousand on each side of the road, and the remaining up the road a little further with swords drawn as if ready to make a final stand.  Only I want the men on the road to have their bows and arrows hidden so at the right moment they may surprise Diabolos and his army with their arrows.  Perhaps this way we can spare as many of our people as possible.”
The plan was well received among all the king’s commanders, and all began preparations for their next defense.
As King Christian and his army made their plans, not far away Diabolos was raging at his commanders.  “I would expect an army of children to make more progress than you!”  he ranted.  “We left more than a third of our force dead on the field and have not penetrated the King’s Province.”
“My lord Diabolos, even you were surprised at their armies hidden behind the hills,” said his commander, Skolios in desperation.
“You accuse me of bumbling this battle!” Diabolos said as he angrily turned to Skolios, with his staff raised ready to strike him.  Diabolos then beat his commander severely, cursing at him and threatening him.  “This beating is a symbol of what awaits each man who fails me!  Not even death can deliver you from my wrath.  For on the other side awaits my dragon ready to torment those who displease me.” 
As Diabolos cried out at Skolios and his other commanders, they cowered in fear near the back of his tent.
“Now,” said Diabolos. “I want you to avoid such an embarrassing defeat next time.  This is what you will do.  You will divide the army into three parts.  One half will go through the pass on the road and the other half you will divide in half again sending each contingent around the two hills.  In this way we will use Christian’s own trick against him.  And, if he should again try to use the same trick, we’ll not only crush his flanking warriors, we’ll capture his center force in a vice and we will crush them as well!”  As Diabolos ended his battle plan he laughed such an evil laugh that even his most battle hardened soldiers were filled with fear.
“What shall we do in the event the king has changed his plans, lord?” asked Skolios humbly.
“Don’t worry about such things,” Diabolos commanded.  “Christian has used his best trick, and he has no other useful plan except to retreat back to his castle.  If that should be the case, then so much the better.  We’ll let them all starve in the castle while we ravage the countryside and feast outside!”
No sooner had Diabolos’ words left his mouth than his officers were stumbling over each other to get out of the tent.  As he watched his officers flee from his presence, Diabolos thought to himself with satisfaction that his war was for all practical purposes won.



CHAPTER 14

SLAYING THE DRAGON

As soon as had Michael and his companions withdrew from the place of the dragon they heard the sound of someone approaching along the mountain path in their direction.  
Quickly they hid themselves behind some brush and watched to see who would be coming toward them.  Soon they saw the appearance of someone they had seen before.  It was Mister Todd from the inn, accompanied by one of his servants. 
“That man betrayed us to Diabolos, Prince Michael,” Zachary said in a voice clearly looking for justice.  “Perhaps this is the time to settle accounts before they get too old.”
“No!” said Aaron in a quiet yet intense way.  “He is one of the most wretched men I’ve ever seen.  Once we destroy the dragon and Diabolos, his punishment will overtake him very swiftly.”
“We’ll just wait and see what happens,” commented Michael.  “For some reason I feel we need not worry about vengeance.  I’m not sure why.”
So the four of them watched as the two men approached the place where the dragon was to feed.  Suddenly they heard Mister Todd cursing and saying, “Where is the sacrifice?” in an excited voice.  “The giant is here, dead, and the sacrifice is missing.  We must find the sacrifice or the dragon will not be appeased.  Lord Diabolos will then lose power and he will hold us responsible!”
As Mister Todd and his servant stood there in the midst of the dragon’s place, trying to think of what they could do, the dragon suddenly appeared as if out of thin air with a tremendous roar and breath of fire.  
The dragon was just as awesome as Artemus had described.  As far as Michael and his companions could make out, the dragon was about twenty feet tall with great wings and a long tail.  The dragon was dark green, almost brown and had a very noticeable large horn between its two red eyes.   As it waved its head all about in the air as if proclaiming itself king, it spewed out breaths of red and white flame.  
After proclaiming itself for a few moments, the dragon looked down on Mister Todd and his servant.  For a moment it seemed as if the dragon recognized them and was considering how to deal with these two men.
Todd and his servant were so taken by surprise they did not know what to do.  Suddenly it seemed they decided they must pay homage to the beast so they knelt before the dragon in worship.  
As Michael and his companions listened, they heard Todd and his servant speaking to the dragon in a way that could have been praying or pleading with the dragon.  It was impossible to tell what they were saying over the dragon’s roaring.  
Despite the pleading and supplications of the two men kneeling before the dragon, without warning, the dragon breathed fire upon the two of them and devoured them before Michael and his companions could move.  
Even though the dragon’s roar was louder than any they had ever heard and overcame any other sounds in the mountain forest, the cries of agony of Todd and his servant were all too clear.  Once the dragon had completely devoured the two men, it raised its head high into the air as if proclaiming its own victory.
At this point Michael cried out, “We must move!” as he darted from their hiding place with Avenger drawn.  No sooner had he jumped toward the dragon, than Aaron and Zachary were close behind him with their weapons ready, having forgotten their great weariness.
As they ran to battle the dragon, the young woman called for them to be careful and began to tearfully pray for their safety as she trembled with fear.  She knew her life and the safety of the land depended upon these three men.
Just as Michael reached the great dragon and was about to plunge Avenger into its chest, Zachary shot an arrow into the dragon’s neck.  The arrow had no effect on the dragon.  He merely looked down as if annoyed.  The dragon’s annoyance was also evident as Michael thrust Avenger into its chest.  
It seemed to Michael the wound closed and healed itself as soon as he withdrew the mighty sword.  
As Michael prepared for another thrust, the fierce creature angrily knocked him to the ground with a great swing of its wing.  Michael fell to the ground half-conscious and greatly exhausted.  He tried to lift himself up but could not gather enough strength.
Just as the dragon was about to devour Michael, Aaron took a mighty stroke at the dragon with his sword, cutting deep into the dragon’s chest.  Before the monster could turn on Aaron, Zachary came from the left cutting another slice into the evil beast.
The two mighty men fought the dragon for, what seemed to them, hours.  Each took turns fighting the dragon and trying to stay out of the way of its fiery breath, swinging tail, and razor sharp teeth.  
As they fought the dragon, cutting it many times, they began to realize they were having no effect on it.  Though Aaron and Zachary continued fighting, they began to despair of ever winning the battle.
Worse than the feeling of despair was the weariness that was overtaking them both.  They began to slow down and began made mistakes, at times nearly striking the other in their attack on the dragon.  
In the midst of this melee, Michael looked up still in a daze to see the dragon and his two friends.  The first thing he noticed was that the dragon had knocked Zachary down and had pinned him to the ground with one of its wings.  Next, he saw Aaron stumble and drop his sword.
Michael had little more than regained full consciousness  when he realized his friends were about to die. As quickly as he could, he gathered all the strength he could find and staggered to the dragon.  He was about to again plunge Avenger into the dragon’s side, when he realized he was dealing with a creature from another dimension.  
As his thoughts raced he decided he must do something different to defeat this foe and save his friends.  While struggling with his thoughts he again heard Lionel’s voice saying, “Let the King of Heaven guide you.”  
Stunned by the voice of his brother, who was nowhere around, he let his body go limp, as if he were surrendering to the dragon.  He then noticed both his hands raised into the air holding Avenger pointed upward.  A blue light came from the pommel of Avenger and joined with the amulet, forming a shield before him, which the dragon’s fire could not penetrate.
After a few moments, seemingly an eternity to Michael, the dragon realized his fire was having no effect on his opponent.  The dragon then raised his head toward the sky with a great, frustrated roar.  Without thinking, Michael lowered Avenger and thrust it through the dragon’s chest, just below the neck.  
As the great sword sank into the dragon, the blue light went from the sword into and all about the dragon.  It seemed to Michael that the dragon’s roar intensified as if it was in great pain.  
Then the roar became lower and lower indicating the dragon was indeed dying.  Suddenly the dragon’s head dropped to its side and it collapsed to the ground.  The dragon was dead.
When Michael withdrew Avenger from the dragon’s body, he noticed the dragon began to wither and decay before his eyes.  Aaron and Zachary stood by and watched in a combination of astonishment and relief.
Then the young woman ran to Michael, knelt and as she clung to him said, “My lord, you have saved us all!  I am Princess Alethia of the North, and my kingdom will be yours.”
“Arise, Princess Alethia,” Michael responded wearily.  “You may keep your kingdom.  However, before we can return you to your own home, we have another enemy to defeat.”
“We have a long journey and little time.” Aaron added in a concerned but tired voice. 
“Yes,” Michael responded, “but we must first rest.  We don’t have the power to stand on our own feet right now.  How could we fight against Diabolos?”
With night coming on, the four pitched their camp there at what had formerly been the place of the dragon.  While each of them was exhausted, they all looked forward to their journey back to the king’s province and hoped they could return in time to take part in the battle against Diabolos.





Diabolos’ Scepter



CHAPTER 15

DIABOLOS’ END

As they had planned, King Christian and his army had just taken their places in and around the trees lining the road to the king’s castle when they heard a thunderous sound.  It sounded like a stampede of horses or cattle mixed with wild shouts of rage.  Looking up they could all see a great wall of dust just over the hills moving toward them.
Princess Mary, who was known for her ability as an archer, was perched in a great oak tree in the midst of the other archers.  As she observed the cloud of dust draw closer and the vague shapes of wild men on horseback beginning to emerge from the dust, she readied her bow and fixed her arrow on one of the first horsemen.
Prince John, who was in a tree across the road from Mary, gave his sister a reassuring look, and a nod as they both saw Diabolos sending forth his army.  John noticed how Diabolos was a cowardly leader, apparently staying behind his men so he would be just out of range of their arrows once they started firing.  Though Diabolos was unwilling to risk his own life, he apparently had no hesitation in encouraging his army into the jaws of certain death.
Just as the enemy was about to come within range, King Christian shouted to his army, “Have courage and stand firm, the King of Heaven is with us!”
Suddenly, as Diabolos had planned, a flood of his horsemen rushed through the pass as the other groups came unexpectedly around the two hills.   It was as if floodgates had opened and a torrent of water was about to rush over the small army of El.  
All hearts were pounding so hard many felt as if their hearts would jump out of their chests.  In spite of the fear, every person was ready, and all said brief prayers that Prince Michael would be successful in slaying the dragon.  This was their only hope for victory.
Taking note of Diabolos’ attack, King Christian chuckled, “It would have been disastrous to have used that same old trick again, hiding behind the two hills, wouldn’t it, Artemus?”
“Yes, my king,” Artemus replied with trembling voice.
The army of Diabolos was initially confused to find no opposing force behind the hills and to find themselves crashing into their own comrades resulting in several of his own men killing each other by mistake.   They soon regrouped and readied themselves to rush toward King Christian and his men, who were confidently mounted on their horses in the middle of the road as if to block the way.
Diabolos halted his army briefly and spoke with Skolios, his commander.  “This is another of Christian’s tricks!  I can feel it.  Send the two flanking groups through the trees and the rest, you take down the middle to crush Christian and his small force.  We’ll see what’s in store.”
The army of Diabolos was soon rushing once more toward the defenders as Diabolos directed.
“They suspect, my king!” Artemus said in alarm.
“No matter,” replied the king, “our archers will quickly decimate them just the same.”
At that moment the king raised his sword in the air, and just as Diabolos’ army was within range, he swiftly brought his sword down and a hail of deadly arrows rained down upon the invaders.  Each arrow found its mark and hundreds of the enemy fell dead with each volley.
As the arrows continued to reign down, Diabolos’ army grew more and more confused.  When Diabolos realized his great army was falling apart, he was filled with greater and greater rage.
“We must pull back our army!” cried Skolios, riding back to Diabolos.  “If we fail to pull back all will die, and we will have gained nothing.”
“No!” shouted Diabolos furiously.  “They will be out of arrows before we are out of men.”
Just as Diabolos said, the arrows were soon depleted and the soldiers of the king fought hand to hand against a decimated but still superior army.  As the dark night sky began to appear, the hearts of the king’s men sank under the weight of battle.  Suddenly Diabolos’ army seemed to lose the power to fight, and Diabolos himself seemed unsure of his ability.
For a moment Diabolos wondered what could be happening, but then he realized the dragon had been slain.  Filled with rage Diabolos raced toward King Christian with his sword drawn.  Before he could reach the king, Prince John jumped him and knocked him off his horse.  The prince fought Diabolos as no man had ever fought against a mortal foe.   However, before the prince could slay the wicked tyrant, he fell over a fallen tree branch and dropped his sword.  Laughing, Diabolos was about to strike him with his sword when an arrow rang through the air and sank into his heart.  
Diabolos, standing tall with his sword raised over his head, looked down at the arrow and seemed to try to gather enough strength to strike his helpless prey, but no strength was left.  
He slowly dropped the sword and then fell backward on top of it.  The last sight Diabolos saw as his life fled from his body was that of Princess Mary with a second arrow at the ready position if she should need it.  With a groan of unintelligible words the evil lord was dead.
“You’ll not slay another of my brothers,” the princess said somberly as she looked at the body of Diabolos.  She then walked over to Prince John and helped the frightened young man to his feet.
As John stood to his feet, he realized the army of Diabolos was dispersing and fleeing from the battlefield, going in all directions, and dropping their weapons as they fled.
“Look, Mary!” he cried out in excitement.  “They’re fleeing!  We’ve won the battle!”
John and Mary embraced, like small children, jumping up and down with excitement that the battle was won.  Then they ran to their father to congratulate him for the great victory they had achieved.  As they stood with their father, Artemus came to them with a prisoner.
“Your majesty, this man claims to be Skolios, commander of Diabolos’ army.  I think he has something to say that will interest you.”
“Speak Skolios!” the king commanded.
“Majesty, I beg your mercy.  Diabolos was an evil lord who forced us to serve him through threats against our families.  Except for the barbaric southern hordes, not  a man in Diabolos’ service was there of his own will.  But I do have a small offering for you.  It is the offering of knowledge.  That knowledge is that I know your son, Michael, was taken prisoner, but he escaped from Diabolos.  He was not killed by Diabolos or any of his men.”
At this news the king, John, and Mary looked at each other with hope and excitement in their eyes.
“Is there more?” the king asked.
“Yes, Majesty,” replied Skolios.  “You could not have defeated Diabolos as long as the dragon lived, for Diabolos drew his power and his very life from the dragon.  The dragon has obviously been slain, and Prince Michael, using his sword, Avenger, is the only one who could have done it.”
“Your words have brought some comfort to a grieving father who lost one son and many friends to your master,” King Christian responded.  “You may leave with your life, Skolios.  Leave the King’s Province and never enter it again.”
At the king’s words, Skolios bowed and ran away as quickly as he could.
King Christian watched Skolios run for a few moments with a look of quiet meditation on his face.  Then he turned to his children and the captains of his army saying, “We have much work to do.  Let us bury our dead and pray that Michael will soon return.”
With a look of having suffered great loss, the king began to look to the needs of the wounded and encourage those preparing to dig the graves of their fallen friends.  They would also have to bury the many enemies strewn about the battlefield.
John turned to Mary and said, “I can see now there are no victors in war, only victims.”



CHAPTER 16

THE RETURN

After several hours sleep, Michael, Aaron, Zachary, and Alethia awoke from their much-needed rest.  Following a quick breakfast of some water, bread, and a little honey, they said words of hope over the grave of their companion, Alexander.  They committed his spirit to the King of Heaven.  
They mounted their horses and began their descent down the mountain trail headed toward the East and the King’s Province.  They soon reached the town of Shocho.  As they rode through, Michael noticed the people seemed different.  They looked to be happy and free of the bondage they had been in because of the dragon.
As Michael and his companions passed through the town, the people gathered about them. The tiny woods folk, who usually stay hidden in the forest, had already delivered word that Michael killed the dragon.  Though it was clear the town’s folk wanted them to stay, Michael and his group received their thanks and continued on their way to take part in the great battle for the Kingdom of El.
Soon they were once again riding through the barren plains, at which time Zachary commented, “I never thought I’d see the day when I’d be happy to see these barren plains, but now I am.”
As night came they made camp. As soon as they could safely travel again, they were once again on their way.  While they rode along, they enjoyed each other’s company and Princess Alethia told of how she had been kidnapped while on a trip in the Northern Kingdom, and how she was presented at the place of the dragon.  She also told of how the King of Heaven revealed to her that a young prince would save her.
While they enjoyed their talk and the relief of having accomplished their task, they were all concerned for the welfare of the kingdom, for they had no word on the outcome of the battle.
They traveled eastward for two days and two nights.  On the evening of the third day they saw Nekrosis in the distance and the entrance into the King’s Province.  They noticed discarded swords, lances and armor all about the field, and in the distance they could see the remnants of the army of El clearing the battlefield.
“I fear we are too late to assist in the battle,” Aaron commented as they slowly rode toward the army’s camp.
Looking up to see the four drawing closer, John yelled at the top of his voice, “It’s Michael!”
Seeing his brother a short distance away, Michael jumped from Noble and ran to meet his brother.
Hearing the commotion outside, the king and Mary stepped out of their tents, unsure of what they would see.  When they saw Michael and John running to greet each other, they also joined the rush to meet Michael.
As John reached Michael, he embraced him and said, “It seems like years since we parted at this very spot.  Now you’ve been restored to us, and the war is over.”
Soon the king and Mary joined them in the embrace.  Enjoying the presence of his family once more, Michael looked about and asked with haunting concern, “Where is Lionel?”
“Lionel fought bravely and fell on the field of battle,” The king responded with a choking voice.
They all again embraced and wept over Prince Lionel.  Aaron, Zachary, and Alethia also shed a tear at the sight of their grief.
After a brief moment of looking at his son and thanking the King of Heaven for his safe return, the king said, “Let us return to the castle.  Your mother is not yet aware of your safe return.  She is concerned and needs the comfort.”  So the king turned over the remaining cleanup operations to Artemus, and the seven returned to the castle together.
When Queen Debora looked out her window that evening she was relieved to know the battle was won.  However, she continued to grieve for her youngest son Lionel and longed to see Michael’s return.  Suddenly she heard a voice that sounded like Lionel’s saying, “Michael is coming!” 
“I’m imagining voices now,” she said to herself as she looked up at the stars.  They were just beginning to come out.  Gazing at the sky, she thought she could see a group of stars that seemed to be smiling at her.  
She thought to herself how odd the stars looked and that she had never seen a grouping of stars like this before.  She next looked down and saw a group of riders coming toward the castle.  
“Another group of wounded coming for treatment?” she wondered to herself.   As she looked closer she saw the blond head of her son, Michael, and the gleam from the pommel of Avenger.  “Michael!” she exclaimed as she turned to run down to the entrance to the castle.
Running to meet her son, she cried out his name in excitement and embraced him as soon as he dismounted from Noble.  “When your brother, Lionel, died I feared more than ever for you,” she said, “but now the King of Heaven has returned you to me.”
“Mother,” Michael said with a smile and a tear, “I’m sure on two occasions I heard Lionel’s voice.  Once when fighting the giant and then again when fighting the dragon.  Each time, his voice saved my life.  We must believe that he is in the presence of the King of Heaven.”
After a period of introductions and a meal, everyone retired for the evening relieved that their time of testing was over.  Michael and his friends were so tired they could hardly remain standing.
The next day the court was filled with the noble people of El, and everyone spoke of Michael and his companions’ mighty conquest and of the great victory the king had over Diabolos.  
Zachary was busy telling some of the ladies of the court about his part of the adventure, while Aaron and Prince John spoke of ideas and philosophy.  
Michael and Alethia, however, were spending considerable time together.  The more time Michael spent with Alethia, the more he found he loved her and hoped she felt the same way.
Suddenly, a bright light filled the court and the messenger from the King of Heaven stood in their midst with a young man beside him.   Once everyone regained their sight they realized the young man with the messenger was Prince Lionel.  When Queen Debora recognized Lionel, she wanted to embrace him so much she could hardly bare it, but she restrained herself.
The messenger began to speak, “King and people of El.  Your time of peril is past and Prince Michael and his companions have fulfilled the king’s will.  Prince Lionel has taken the place prepared for him in the king’s court and will ever be in the Great King’s presence, for he too fulfilled the king’s will.  There is one last command from the King of Heaven to Prince Michael.  He is to marry Princess Alethia, and her kingdom will be his to care for and protect.”
When the messenger finished speaking, Lionel, in dazzling white clothing, walked to his mother, held her in a warm embrace that seemed to radiate throughout Queen Debora’s body, and said, “Please don’t cry for me, Mother.  You have not lost me.  We shall still have each other.  It was meant for me to take my place before the Great King and he has also prepared a place for each of you to take at your appointed time.”  Still holding his mother’s hand, he looked about the court and continued, “All of my companions are with the Great King including Michael’s friend Alexander.  He gave his life fighting the giant.  Please, do not weep for those who reside in paradise and are full of great joy.”
Lionel walked back to the messenger’s side and departed with the words, “I love you all.”
Though no one understood exactly why, there was no more sadness in the court regarding the prince and the many men who died in the great battle.  Queen Debora also had a curious feeling as she remained filled with the warmth of Lionel’s embrace.
The court continued to celebrate the victory over the dragon and Diabolos, as they realized nothing was lost.
After some time at the castle, Michael and Alethia were joined together in marriage.  When they left the king’s province, Aaron and Zachary departed with them, for Michael requested that they be his champions in his court in the Northern Kingdom.
Though there would be some hard times ahead of them, none were as hard as they had just been through.  They all lived happy lives and again enjoyed peace in the land.  Michael was remembered throughout the land for slaying the dragon, though if one should ever ask him he gave all the credit to his companions.
“So, Prince Michael became King Michael, and he was a good king, just as Alethia was a good queen.   
This ends the story of Prince Michael and the dragon.”
I realized as I finished the story, I had actually lost myself in telling Michael’s adventure with the dragon.  I looked over to see both Michael and John were fast asleep.  I should have known as I went along with the story, it was a little too long for two young boys ready for bed.  Yet, as I thought about the story I’d just finished, I thought I could feel a warm sensation, perhaps some inner healing.  
The empty spot that Lionel had occupied was still there, but I somehow felt comforted.  As I thought back on the adventure I had just made up, I realized the story was not just for the boys.  It was also for me.
Then quietly looking over my sleeping sons I whispered, “Lionel is still with us.”
###



About the author


John Christian (Chris) Orndorff is a retired Air Force Officer and AFOSI Special Agent.  In addition to his Air Force career, Chris has traveled all over the world conducting antiterrorism activities in support of the U.S. State Department.  He is presently an Air Force Junior ROTC instructor and author.  In addition to Prince Michael and the Dragon, he is the author of the following books:
Prince John’s Quest
Princess Mary and the Prophet
How Have the Mighty Fallen
Terrorists, Tornados and Tsunamis: How to Prepare for Life’s Danger Zones
The Gilgamesh Epic
