Princess Electra

by Dory Lee Maske



Copyright © 2008 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Illustration: Copyright © 2008 by Robert Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Robert Maske

Smashwords edition 2008

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske







PRINCESS ELECTRA  BOOK 1 


Prologue 

Kingdom of Fernland 

Serafina needed to be right, especially this time. From her large, well-situated room in the castle, the sorceress watched the night sky for a sign. She sat quietly on her south-facing balcony, scanning from side to side, waiting. Just before dawn she saw it. The sign took the form of a falling star curving across Orion in a fiery southeast arc. The southeast direction was a good sign, an omen that favored a victory for her fiancé, King Geoffrey. Reassured, she returned to her velvet couch for a few hours sleep. 
The next morning she awoke early enough to see the king’s archers returning from their hunt. She raced down the stone steps from her room in the tower to the clearing where the bearers would dress the kill. The bearers saw her coming and hurried forward, quick to accommodate the sorceress, Serafina. She watched eagerly for auspicious signs as they slit the birds’ breasts and removed the entrails. She paid close attention to the depression between the lower lobes of the bird livers. In almost all, the right depression was longer than the left, a good sign for Fernland’s army. 
With rising confidence she walked back up to her tower room and heated water for tea. She carefully poured a small amount of hot water over the loose tea leaves and swirled the liquid three times around the cup, gathering the tea leaves in the stream, then turned the cup over in its saucer. As soon as she righted the cup she saw the sign. There, on the lip, close to the handle, the leaves formed the shape of a fish, a sure sign of victory. She allowed herself a small smile. Only one test remained. 
Casually, she picked up the bones and twigs that lay strewn about her work table, assured of the outcome. She threw them out across the table and noted the direction of the wing bone, another sign that King Geoffrey’s army would defeat King Blackwell of Henge in the coming battle; a victory that would set old wounds to right. But what was the significance of that twig lying over the bone? She studied it carefully as a soft knock at the door interrupted her concentration. 
“Go away," she said. 
“Serafina, it is me, Delphinia," her sister called out. “I must speak with you. It is  important." Delphinia’s voice quavered as she stood waiting outside Serafina’s door. 
"I am sure it can wait," Serafina said, still considering the twig. "Nothing is more important than the fate of our army against Blackwell of Henge." 
Delphinia was silent on the other side of the door for a moment, then said, "Please promise you will come to my room before Geoffrey arrives." 
Serafina said nothing and soon heard footsteps as Delphinia retreated down the hall. Serafina wondered what Delphinia would count as important. Probably a crisis with the menu or a dress cut to an improper length. Although her sister was only a year younger she seemed a child to Serafina. Delphinia devoted herself to securing elegant ball gowns, flattering hair arrangements, and especially to engaging potential suitors in senseless laughter. How could two sisters have such different priorities? 
Serafina was still absorbed in her reading of the bones when another knock at the door announced the arrival of King Geoffrey. She opened the door with a slight bow as was proper even though they were soon to be married. 
"Your Majesty," she said smiling. "I have observed auspicious signs that bode well for the upcoming battle. Please come in." 
King Geoffrey stood in the doorway, waving away the thick cloud of incense wafting from her room, his usual broad, confident smile replaced by a wary expression. He did not acknowledge her prediction of victory. 
"I need to speak with you," he began, looking down at her but avoiding her eyes. 
"Yes?" She answered. 
The King took a deep breath and settled his gaze on the floor. He moved inside the room and toyed absently with the bones on the table before he spoke. 
"I have been grieved of late in wanting to tell you a thing but not wanting to cause hurt. I have delayed too long in telling you of my feelings. I do not know how to broach this except to only say it and hope for your forgiveness. I have grown to love Delphinia. I wish to marry her if you will release me from my vow." 
Serafina stood stunned. She felt the color drain from her face. She was glad he could not raise his eyes to hers. She could not control her expression of shock and disbelief. She pressed her fingernails into the palms of her hands until the skin began to tear. Then she brought her hands up slowly to unlatch the ruby necklace he had given her as a betrothal present. She held it tightly, then loosened her grip and allowed it to drop into the pocket of his fur-lined robe. She turned to face her balcony. 
"I want you to keep the necklace," he said. 
Serafina stayed silent and did not turn to face him. After a few seconds he placed the necklace on her table amid the bones and left quietly. 
Serafina bolted the door behind Geoffrey and sat at her table staring at the ruby necklace amid the disturbed throw of bones. She fought off any inclination toward tears. She picked up the necklace with one finger watching it sway to and fro hypnotically. As evening shadows fell across the room she was unaware of the cold and damp. Her sorrow slowly turned to something more manageable, something more akin to rage. She moved to her library of witchcraft and ran her finger lovingly over each volume. She began to consider which direction her revenge would take. There would be time, as much time as was needed. 

Chapter 1 

Kingdom of Fernland 

Seventeen years later 

Fernland’s elegant castle sat atop a hill surrounded on all sides by lush forest crisscrossed with rivers and streams. Red flags emblazoned with gold dragons flew from the highest turrets. Officers of the Royal Guard stood at attention outside the castle entrance. The doors to the throne room opened as court began. 
Those gathered in the castle’s throne room were finely dressed, but solemn. Today would have been the Princess Electra’s sixteenth birthday, though no one spoke of it. The royal family sat silently on their thrones. King Geoffrey, tall, blonde, an imposing man with a carefully trimmed beard, sat frowning. Occasionally he patted the slender hand of Queen Delphinia, seated beside him. The lovely dark-haired queen clutched a doll that had been a present for the infant princess before she was abducted from her nursery, almost sixteen years ago. Beside the queen sat Prince Avor, born a year and a half after Princess Electra. Avor, who favored his mother in appearance, stared straight ahead, wishing fervently that his sister’s birthday would soon be over. 
Because no one spoke of the birthday, royal business was conducted as usual. The king and queen hardly noticed as a uniformed guard pulled a thief along by his chained hands to stand before the king. The sergeant at arms read the charges in a loud voice: 
"This man was apprehended while impersonating a royal tax collector." 
The thief, still wearing the counterfeit scarlet robes of a tax collector, attempted a clumsy bow as he muttered a curse against the bad luck that had brought him to judgment today of all days. 
King Geoffrey hardly glanced at the prisoner before him. Queen Delphinia dabbed at her tear-stained eyes with a lace handkerchief. The guard continued to stand at attention as the king’s silence stretched into minutes. Counselors and ministers to the king began to shift uncomfortably, daring a few whispered remarks as they awaited the king’s judgment.
Finally the king seemed aware that a judgment was required. He scowled at the thief and turned his scepter upside down—the death penalty.
The thief, startled by the severity of the sentence, managed to call out as he was dragged away, "Wait! Please, I…I have information. I know that the Princess Electra lives!" 
Queen Delphinia stood up so abruptly the little doll fell from her lap. Prince Avor hastily retrieved it and held it out to her but she paid no attention. Her eyes were fastened on the thief. King Geoffrey took her arm and gently drew her back to her seat. 
"This man is a liar and a thief," he whispered. "It would be foolhardy to trust him. Allow me to question him." 
The King turned to his court of anxious ministers and advisors. "You may not be aware that today marks the Princess Electra’s sixteenth birthday." 
The members of the Court feigned murmurs of surprise, which were quickly silenced as the King continued. "Even though it has been almost sixteen years since the Princess disappeared, Delphinia and I continue to hope for her safe return." The King turned to face the thief. 
"Tell me who you are and what you know about the Princess Electra," he demanded. "If what you say is true your life may be spared." 
The thief turned pale at the King's words for he knew that once the King heard his story he would want to kill him all the more. 
"I know that the King's promise is law," the thief said, "and so I will tell the truth even though in doing so I am made more the villain." 
"Get on with your account!" said the King. 
The thief pushed back his thin shoulders and tried to gather his composure before he began. "I am called Take the Thief by those who know me, Your Highness. It happened that near the time of the Princess's birth I was greatly in need, and pressed by this need, did wrongly avail myself of another's property." 
"Come to the point," the king said, with an edge to his voice. 
"Even so Your Highness," the thief continued, "the owner of those goods caught me in the act. Worse luck for me, she was a woman of great power, a sorceress, known widely as Serafina." 
At the mention of this name the King stood. 
"We will question this man privately," he announced. 
The gathered officials hurried out of the throne room with expressions of curiosity and backward glances at the thief. When all were gone save the royal family, the guard and the thief, Prince Avor stood. 
"Shall I go as well?" he asked. 
King Geoffrey glanced at Delphinia. She gave a slight shrug to indicate her indecision. 
The king turned to his son. "Perhaps you’d best stay. You are, after all, not only Electra’s brother, but heir to the throne and this concerns you in both capacities." 
"And I, Your Highness?" the guard asked. 
"You may stay, though nothing spoken here will be repeated." 
The guard bowed in response. 
The king motioned for the thief to approach him. The thief took a tentative step toward the king. 
"Was it Serafina who stole our child?" the king asked in a low voice. 
Take lowered his voice to match the king’s. "Well, in a manner of speaking," he said. "She showed me a vision of what would happen to me if I refused to bring her the child, and knowing her power I realized she would get the Princess one way or another so I did as I was told and trusted in fate for the rest." 
"No more of fate, where is Electra?" Geoffrey asked. 
The thief hesitated, then spoke with as much dignity as he could muster, "I can only tell you that I delivered her to Serafina as I was ordered. Shortly after, Serafina moved away and I suppose the child is still alive and with her." 
"I can't believe my own sister was involved in this," the Queen cried, "How could she do such a thing?" 
Geoffrey pulled at his beard as he glared at the tall, skinny thief. "I will allow you to live until I find Electra." He motioned to the guard to take the thief to the dungeon. 
As soon as the door closed behind the prisoner, Delphinia was on her feet again. 
"Is it possible after all these years that we might have our sweet princess back again?" She clasped her hands to her breast. "Serafina went South, I am sure of that. We must begin our search at once." Her words spilled out faster and faster and her eyes glowed with excitement. 
"We will begin at once, of course," King Geoffrey said. His face wore a worried frown. 
"What is it Geoffrey? Do you think the thief was lying to save his life?" 
"That is one possibility, but we must still put our efforts toward the possibility we hope for. What troubles me most is the situation here in Fernland. I would lead the search myself were it not for the untimely intrusions of Dagon and his renegades from Helsop." 
"But he is not much of a threat, surely," Delphinia protested, "He only poaches in our forest and takes the odd soldier back to Helsop to hold for ransom." 
"He goads us for one purpose only--to curry favor from Prince Blackwell of Henge. If I were to leave for any length of time, Blackwell would surely spur on his puppet, Dagon, to commit some audacious act of mayhem. I dare not chance it." 
"I could go in your place," Prince Avor said. He looked at his father, hopefully. 
"Certainly not," his mother said, "We will not risk losing you as well as Electra." 
"I will send General Pommell," the king said. "He is retired but still clever and resourceful. I will send my chief spy, Muller, as well. I dare not send a large contingent lest Serafina be alerted." 
Avor looked cautiously at his mother. "Is it really your sister who stole Electra? Why would she do such a thing?" 
King Geoffrey took Delphinia’s hand and pressed it to his lips, as he faced Avor. 
"My child," he said, "I had hoped to spare you this story but I see the time for telling has come. I wronged the sorceress Serafina. I never believed she would take such revenge. I was betrothed to Serafina but I fell in love with her sister, your Mother, and I broke off the engagement. I knew it was wrong, but…" he patted Delphinia's hand and looked into her tear-filled eyes, "what's done is done." The king fell silent. 
"I think it is important that I go along on this quest," Avor said, "Electra does not know us. She may not believe the truth from the lips of a general and a spy. But from a youth such as I…, she may be more inclined to come home willingly." 
The king smiled at Avor. "You present a good argument." 
"No, we cannot risk it," Delphinia insisted, knowing already that her argument would not stand, based as it was on sentiment. She hugged her son tightly. "It will be as your father decides, of course, but if you are sent, how will I sleep until you are safely returned?" 

Chapter 2

Swamp near Chase Bound 

A fortnight’s journey from the Kingdom of Fernland, a secluded cottage sat nestled at the edge of a swamp. The cottage was clean, but cluttered with cages, drying herbs and flowers, jars of insects, gold coins, live plants, bottles filled with a variety of liquids and solids, crystals, pebbles and charms. Oak shelves filled with books on sorcery took up one wall of the cabin. Two narrow beds with satin covers took up the side opposite. A sturdy wood table and two wooden chairs sat before a large fireplace. In the fireplace a black cauldron hung bubbling with a stew that smelled strongly of spices. The Princess Electra sat cross-legged on the floor, speaking to a chicken in a cage. 
She pulled the cage closer to her face. Her dark straight hair hung down on either side of the wooden bars. 
"You had best believe me, Bella." she said, "One more day without an egg and Mother intends to make a stew of you." 
The chicken looked back at the girl’s stern face, pecked at a strand of Electra’s hair and then began to circle the cage, clucking softly. Electra smiled. The clucking was a good sign. 
The girl stood up and retrieved her list from the battered table beside the fireplace—cat  dander, morning glory pollen, trout liver, frog slime, rattlesnake venom. She made a face at this last item and decided to tackle it first since it required the most concentration. She assembled her tools: a sponge, a long forked stick, a shorter pointed stick and a flat, tapered piece of wood. She lifted the lid from the snake’s cage. The rattlesnake eyed her suspiciously. She tipped the cage on its side with her stick and the snake slithered out across the floor, stopped and coiled, warning her off with his rattles. She flipped the cage back upright and stuck the sponge on the pointed stick. Hiding the forked stick behind her back she moved toward the snake. She began to lift the sponge up and down slowly in front of the snake. It struck suddenly, releasing the venom into the sponge. Electra quickly dropped the sponge and pinned the snake’s head between the prongs of the forked stick. She slipped the tapered piece of wood under the snake’s head and scooped him up between the forked stick and the piece of wood. In one swift arc the snake was back in its cage. 
"All done, Nick, I will not bother you anymore today," she said as she dropped the lid in place. The snake shook his rattles fiercely for a moment, then curled up in the corner of his cage. 
As Electra carefully squeezed the rattlesnake venom into a vial she heard steps on the path outside. The cabin door swung open and Serafina burst into the room carrying a smell of earth and swamp around her. She tossed her dark cape onto a hook and turned her head to dry her damp hair by the fireplace. 
"Ah, good, you have the venom," she said. "We will need it. I have several new orders for charms and potions. It seems we are commissioned to gratify the secret desires of half the town." She pulled a heaping handful of little pieces of paper from her pocket. 
Electra smiled and sat down, eager to hear what orders her Mother had taken and what recipes would need to be concocted. 
"First things first," Serafina said. From another pocket she removed a spherical item. It was wrapped in a basket of grasses laced with wildflowers. She held it out for Electra. "You seem to have forgotten today is your sixteenth birthday." 
"Oh," Electra said. “Could it be? I truly had forgotten. Such a beautiful wrapping. It is for me?" 
"Yes it is," Serafina said, "but I suppose you will not care for it; now that you are sixteen you are likely more interested in some young man in the village." 
"Never," Electra insisted, "I have no time for those silly children." 
Seemingly satisfied, Serafina handed the object to Electra. 
Electra opened the gift carefully, trying not to harm the beautiful floral wrapping. She took out a heavy crystalline globe, almost transparent, but not quite. As she peered into it little cloud shapes appeared, then drifted away to recompose again and again, endlessly. 
"How wonderful," she gasped. "A crystal ball. Oh thank you, Mother, It is the best gift in the world!" She put the ball down carefully in the basket and threw her arms around Serafina. 
"You are pleased," Serafina said, trying not to show her own emotion. "Perhaps there is hope for you after all. Shall we see what it has to tell us?" 
Serafina took up the ball in one hand and held it in the glow of the fireplace. "Come close, and tell me what you see." 
"I see little white shapes that shift in the light, and… I see feelings in the way they twist and turn, sometimes slow, calm, and sometimes angry, turbulent," Electra said. She looked up hopefully at Serafina. 
"Excellent," Serafina said. 
Electra tried to meld her mind with the shapes of the clouds in the ball. 
"Relax your mind," Serafina said, "allow the shapes to speak to you." 
"Where will I find fresh mandrake root?" Electra asked the globe. She watched as the cloud shapes shifted. She thought of a place in the forest made lush by a stream. She saw a bend in the stream where the water was quite deep. 
"I will look by that deep bend," she said aloud. 
"You do well for a beginner," Serafina said. "Keep asking questions." 
They continued until well past bedtime. 
As they made ready to sleep Electra said, "Look Mother, Bella has laid an egg." 
"Fortunate for her," Serafina said, and they both drifted off to sleep. 
 
In the days that followed, the little house by the swamp was alive with activity. Electra used the crystal ball to aid in gathering the ingredients for the charms that Serafina concocted. As always, as spring neared, men and women clamored for love potions for themselves and hexes for their competitors. Some came alone to the cabin late at night, under cover of darkness, to tell Serafina and Electra those secret things they could not tell their families, exchanging coins for charms to make their dreams come true. When Electra had a minute free from gathering and making potions she practiced with her crystal ball. 
One night Serafina saw Electra turning the crystal ball first one way and then another. Serafina continued work on a half-finished hex as she watched the girl. 
"Do you see something interesting?" she asked. 
"I keep getting a feeling that someone of high rank is trying to make contact with me," Electra said. "It makes no sense to me." 
Serafina held her breath and steadied herself, then said calmly, "Let me look." 
She peered over Electra's shoulder and saw what she dreaded most. They had finally come to find the girl. But this was not King Geoffrey, someone younger… a son. So they had a son, not much younger than Electra, fourteen or fifteen perhaps, and two others traveled with him. A spy, of course, and a powerful man, but old. She composed herself before turning to face Electra. 
"Probably any one of those hot-blooded young men in the village, full of himself, wanting to own you," Serafina said harshly. 
That night Serafina slept badly and dreamed darkly. 

Chapter 3

South of Fernland 

Prince Avor gazed at the stars as he lay wrapped in a saddle blanket beside the campfire ready for sleep. He saw the constellations clearly in a sky left dark by a thin crescent moon. King Geoffrey had sent two men along with his son to search for Electra, Old General Pommell and Muller the Spy. For fourteen days they had journeyed south and lately there were rumors of a powerful sorceress still farther south in the region of Seachase. Avor knew the chances of the sorceress being Serafina were slim but they had only rumors to guide them and had followed up on each one so far to no avail. Muller the Spy had been gone three days, scouring the countryside for leads. 
General Pommell, pulled from retirement for this mission, lay silently beside him, watching as a shooting star flashed above in a southward arc. 
"Did you see that, lad?" General Pommell asked. 
"I did. Do you think it an omen?" 
"Ah, omens. Never trusted them myself. Could be a good omen, could be a bad omen. How's a body to know?" 
King Geoffrey’s story came again into Prince Avor's sleepy thoughts. His sympathies lay with his father, of course, but he could understand the hurt and hate Serafina must have felt. To fall in love with her sister after their wedding had been set. Should his father have kept his promise to Serafina even though he loved her sister? What might his own life have been to have a sorceress for a mother? What must Electra's life be like? 
"Do you remember when my father broke his engagement to Serafina?" Avor asked. 
"Oh yes. It caused a huge uproar. Serafina and your mother came from a powerful family. Their father was the war minister back when Geoffrey was young and had his hands full fighting old King Blackwell of Henge in all-out war. Young Serafina loved to sit and listen while her father spoke to the generals. Course, I wasn’t quite a general back then, but I managed to slip into a few war councils." 
"When did she become a sorceress?" Avor asked. 
"Probably born to it. She would come up with things…; we called it second sight or prediction. Maybe just good guesses, but wherever her ideas came from, she was usually right on the mark. It got so her father brought her into the councils, asked her advice. She had as much say as any one of the generals. King Geoffrey fancied himself in love with her but maybe a little scared of her as well. Between her and her father they laid out a plan of war that finally succeeded in a big victory over old King Blackwell of Henge. We took back the land he had taken and then some. It was quite a battle. Old Blackwell lost his leg in that battle; almost died. He turned over power to his son after that. Course by then the engagement was off and Geoffrey had married your mother." 
"Do you think she foresaw that my father would break the engagement?" Avor asked. 
"Funny thing that. You would think with all her powers she would have seen it coming. I suppose that when it comes to matters of the heart, a good mind isn’t much use. At the time she didn’t make any fuss about it. I guess that’s why no one suspected her when Electra came up missing. It wasn’t any surprise that she would leave around that time. Her father had just died and there wasn’t much after that to keep her in Fernland." 
"Why wasn’t anyone new appointed to the post of War Minister after her father died?" Avor asked. "I’ve always wondered about that." 
General Pommell laughed. "All the old generals were at odds over which one of them should be the new minister. Finally your father just abolished the post. And it was about then, when nobody was paying much attention, that those renegades from Helsop started sneaking over the border, shooting game in our forests, taking hostages for ransom and causing havoc where they could." 
"That rabble from Helsop should be dealt with once and for all," Avor said. 
"They’re rascals, that’s for sure. But to be fair, they’re between a rock and a hard place sitting where they do smack between Fernland and Henge. Every time King Geoffrey and Blackwell go to war, Helsop is right in the middle of it and usually takes the brunt of the battle." 
"They should choose their friends more wisely," Avor said, repeating an oft heard quote from his father. 
"Yes, it is true their headman, Dagon, sides with the Blackwells of Henge, but that’s because Blackwell gives Helsop a little in the way of food and trade to encourage their raids in Fernland. Blackwell the Younger is no fool. He would rather have Dagon of Helsop do his dirty work than put his own precious army at risk." 
"They’re all of a feather," Avor said, dismissing both Henge and Helsop. He turned his thoughts back to the quest for Electra. As more questions formed in his mind, he heard his companion’s breathing begin to slow. He realized the general was falling asleep and asked a question quickly. "Do you think, General, that my sister is a sorceress?" 
"Be interesting to find out, won’t it?" General Pommell mumbled. 
Prince Avor wanted to ask the General if he thought they were in danger from Serafina but he couldn’t decide how to phrase it so that he wouldn’t sound as though he were afraid of her. He decided to ask the General if he thought Serafina would be angry that they had come to take Electra home, but as he opened his mouth to speak he heard a raspy snore coming from the old warrior. Before long Avor was fast asleep beside him. 

Chapter 4

Village of Chase Bound 

As Serafina neared the Travelers Camp she heard the sound of mandolins and drums. The brightly colored wagons formed a half circle at the northern circumference of the camp and several tents were pitched on the southern rim of the circle. She kept to the shadows of the painted wagons until she could see the campfire clearly. The large fire pit sat in the center of the clearing within the circle made by the tents and wagons. The fire burned brightly throwing sparks high into the air. Women and children in colorful clothes danced, laughing and clapping as they stamped and twirled in time to the music. Most of the men sat a little away from the fire eating a spicy smelling soup from cups that they refilled with a ladle from a large communal pot. They tore off pieces of bread from large loaves to dip in the soup as they joked and talked among themselves, gesturing enthusiastically with their hunks of bread. 
Serafina searched the dark line of tents surrounding the campfire until she saw the young gypsy girl she sought. The girl sat outside a tent, watching the dancers. Avoiding the light from the campfire, Serafina moved toward the tent. 
"Angelica," she said. 
The girl turned. "Serafina, you got my message. Come in quickly. I don’t want my father to see you." 
Serafina entered the tent behind Angelica. "Your message said you had information." 
"Remember when you told me to watch for any strangers asking questions about you and Electra?" 
Serafina stiffened slightly and nodded. 
"There was a man here this morning, asking questions." 
"What did he wish to know?" Serafina asked. 
"If we knew of a person who could make him a love charm."
"What did you tell him?" 
"That we could make him a love charm, of course," Angelica said smiling. "He then asked if we had ever heard of someone called Serafina." 
"And…?" 
"We told him nothing. He said he would be staying at the Inn in Chase Bound if we thought of anything that might be useful. He hinted he might pay for information. Of course we knew you would pay more for our silence." 
"Of course," Serafina said. "Describe the man." 
"He looked quite ordinary. One who would fade into a crowd, of medium height and girth with brown hair and keen eyes. An attractive fellow." 
Serafina smiled and held out two gold coins "One for you and one for the men’s silence." Angelica took both and slipped one into her yellow sash. 
Serafina watched the girl carefully. "You thought him attractive?" 
Angelica flushed a little and shrugged her shoulders. 
Serafina looked out the flap of the tent towards the campfire. She saw Angelica’s father clapping in time to the music, his fiddle by his side. He took a wine flask from his pocket and held it high above his head, laughing. He tipped the flask and caught the liquid stream in his mouth, wiping the drips away with his sleeve. 
"Are you still bent on running away?" Serafina asked. 
"I am," she said with an upward tilt of her chin. "My father’s only thought now is of drink. He will demand both coins if he sees you here. If I stay…" Angelica paused and her dark eyes flashed an angry message, "he will find ways to use me to get more wine." 
Serafina studied Angelica’s face and height. At a distance she might pass for Electra. "I will come for you tomorrow," she said, "be ready to leave just before dawn." 
Serafina disappeared quickly into the darkness outside the tent before Angelica could ask more questions. 
The sorceress took a shortcut through the swamp and was soon standing in front of the Wayfarer’s Inn and Tavern in Chase Bound. She saw the spy through the brightly lit windows of the tavern. He sat in the back corner, sipping a glass of ale, watching any patrons who came through the door. 
She walked through the narrow alley beside the inn to the back of the tavern and stepped through the door into a dark storeroom. Only a curtain separated her from the rear of the tavern. She recognized the big voice of the Innkeeper, a hearty welcoming fellow with a bright red beard. 
"How’re ye keepin’ there, Mate?" he asked the spy. "It’s getting’ on ta’ night; will ye be wantin’ a bed?" 
"I suppose I’d better," Muller said, "I’ve an important day tomorrow and I’d best get a good rest." 
"Oh, are ye on yer way to some special occasion then?" 
"About as special as a day can get," Muller said, "I plan to ask my girl to marry me." 
"Well, now," the Innkeeper said, taking the seat across from Muller, "Ain’t that a day fer sure." 
"I just wish I had something…, something magic that would give me a little edge on getting the answer I’m hoping for," Muller said. 
"If it’s a love charm yer after ya’ should get one from Serafina; she’s the best isn’t she?" he said. 
"Serafina? Yes I’m sure I’ve heard of her. Has a daughter I’m told; what was her name?" Muller asked. 
"That’d be Electra, a real up and comer, she is, followin’ in ‘er Mother’s footsteps." 
"How would I get to their place of business?" 
"Their cabin ya’ mean. Well, there’s the short cut through the swamp, but fer me and my feelin’s fer swamps, I’d take the long way ta’ South and then cut over Witch Hill. You’ll see the path easy in daylight. It’s well worn." The Innkeeper wiped his hands on his wine-stained white apron and reached into his pocket for a room key. 
"Thanks for the help," Muller said, taking the key the Innkeeper held out to him. 
Serafina pressed the curtain aside to glimpse the spy as he ran up the stair steps, two at a time. Then she was out the door and on her way back to the swamp.
 
Chapter 5

Village of Chase Bound 

The next morning Muller awoke and stretched out happily. He had slept comfortably in a clean bed for the first time since leaving Fernland in search of Princess Electra. He smiled to himself as he remembered how easy it had been to get the information he needed. He pushed his pillow aside and threw back the covers. "Sometimes a spy just gets lucky," Muller said aloud. Today he would report to General Pommell and his work here would be done. He needed to get back to Fernland, to his job of gathering intelligence on Dagon of Helsop and the northern infiltrators. 
Muller followed the smell of cooking meat downstairs and waved to the Innkeeper as he sat down for breakfast. The Innkeeper brought him a hot breakfast brew that smelled of herbs and apples. 
"Saw the sorceress this morning. May be too late to get the ‘thing’ we spoke of last night," the Innkeeper said with a wink.
Muller tried to stay calm as he responded. "Oh? Why’s that?" 
"Saw the two of ‘em leavin’ town earlier." 
"What makes you think they were leaving town?" 
"They was carryin’ bags, you know, like they was plannin’ to be gone awhile. Kind of strange now I think on it, they kept lookin’ around like someone might be followin’ ‘em. Anyway, I’m sure your girl will say yes. You don’t need no charm." 
"I was sort of set on it," Muller mused, "maybe I’ll try to catch up and see if they have a spare one. Which way were they headed?" 
"South, looked like." 
"Seachase?" 
"Ain’t much else to South. Likely goin’ ta catch a trading ship ta somewheres or other." 
"I’m going to give it a try," Muller said, "when was it you saw them?" 
"Just sun-up, maybe an hour ago." 
Muller dropped a few coins on the table. "Book me for another night, I’ll likely be back." He clapped the innkeeper on the shoulder and rushed out the door. 
Outside the inn Muller cursed softly. "I should have known. She’s a sorceress. She has second sight. What was I thinking? She knows we’re here. I should have been watching her cottage all night, not sleeping in a bed." He ran to the stable to retrieve his horse. If they are on foot I should be able to catch them, he thought, and this time I won’t let them out of my sight.
 
Chapter 6

Port of Sea Chase 

Serafina and Angelica pulled the bags Angelica had brought with her from atop the sacks of potatoes and thanked the farmer who had stopped to give them space to ride on his cart. He waved them off and hurried to begin unloading his vegetables.
The docks at Seachase bustled with activity. Southern Cross, a 90 foot two masted schooner, bobbed and creaked alongside its pier. Farmers and herders jammed their carts of produce and livestock as close to the ship as possible to unload. Crates of squawking chickens and ducks, pigs, cattle, horses, wine barrels, produce, household goods and crafts of various kinds made their way up the ship’s gangplank. Overhead, seagulls shrieked and circled, diving for scraps of food.
The ship’s purser stood on the dock to the side of the gangplank, listing the cargo as it came aboard and selling passage to the people lined up to board the ship. Serafina and Angelica joined the line of people waiting to board, checking the contents of their bags to avoid conversation with others in line. When they reached the purser, Serafina paid for Angelica’s passage to Manoa with gold coins. 
"Will you be traveling alone?" the purser asked. He flashed his most beguiling smile at Angelica. 
"I’ll be accompanying my daughter," Serafina said sternly, "I already have my voucher. It is in my baggage." 
"Very good," Ma’am," the purser said. "I’ll have a steward see to your bags." 
"We prefer to see to them ourselves," Serafina said.
Serafina and Angelica boarded the Southern Cross and found their cabin. It was small with just enough room for two bunk beds and a little bench and table. Light from a small porthole fell on the table but left most of the cabin in musty shadows. The ship rocked gently, pulling at the ropes that held it tied to the wooden dock. Angelica looked around the tiny cabin, delighted. 
"Do you understand your instructions?" Serafina asked. 
"I’m to stay locked in the cabin until we have been underway one full day. I will not open the door to anyone, no matter how urgent or clever the story." 
"Good," Serafina said, "You have food and money for the voyage and a powerful love charm to secure the man of your dreams once you find him. Any questions?" 
"You won’t tell my father where I’ve gone, will you?" 
"No. As much as he drinks he will likely not realize you have gone for some time." 
"I will always be grateful to you," Angelica said. 
Serafina said nothing, but smiled as she thought, ‘and I to you.’ 
Serafina slipped quietly out of the cabin to wait, hidden, with a view of the gangplank where people, animals and supplies were still loading. She watched until she saw Muller the Spy. He appeared to chat casually with various members of the crew working on the dock, but in fact moved quickly from one to another until he cornered the ship’s purser. He spoke to him for several minutes, while others waiting in line complained at the delay. The spy left the purser and went to sit on a piling where he wrote a note on a scrap of paper. After speaking to one of the farmers unloading produce to be shipped, he returned to the dwindling line of passengers where he bought a ticket as the last of the passengers headed for their cabins. 
Serafina waited until the spy had disappeared into the bowels of the ship with his cabin key in hand, then walked down the gangplank just before it was lifted. She told the purser she had changed her mind about making the voyage. She watched as the schooner was untied and pulled away from the dock by several small boats filled with sailors bent over their oars. Her sails were unfurled and quickly billowed as they caught the wind. She watched until the ship was a small dot on the horizon, then turned to begin the long walk back to Chase Bound. 
"One down and two to go," she murmured. 
She thought about the two remaining men she had seen in the crystal ball. One was most certainly her nephew. What sort of lad might he be? Probably better that I do not  know, she thought, all I need to know is that he and his companion have come to take Electra back to Fernland and I cannot allow that. 
When Serafina had taken the infant Electra, she had intended to keep the child for only a short time to punish Geoffrey and her sister. She had not envisioned how the child would idolize her. She had not planned to love the child. But it had happened. And now she could not bear to lose Electra. It would be worse than the loss of Geoffrey to Delphinia. She had to stop the King’s emissaries from their mission. And she had to stop them permanently. 
As she made her way back home the words to a fire hex came to mind. 
Io Ammon Io
Time be broken
Space be closed
Hear what’s spoken
Burn and glow
Io Ammon Io
"A fire hex," she murmured, "I’ve always wanted to try a fire hex." 

Chapter 7

Swamp near Chase Bound 

The swamp water lay flat as a mirror, the calm before the storm. Electra walked along its edge to a place overgrown with bushes and multi-trunked trees, a shady place favored by spiders. She broke the webs with a stick as she moved forward, looking for the web she sought. She saw it low to the ground, almost hidden from view. She touched the web gently with her stick, giving it the weight of a trapped fly. Then she waited for the spider to come out to investigate. Slowly, tentatively, the brown recluse spider emerged from under a bush. She continued to wait until he was completely in view, then unhooked his escape route with her stick and wound him, web and all, around her stick. 
Electra dropped the brown recluse spider into a container and pushed the lid down tight. She took up the long list Serafina had left for her and drew a line through Brown Recluse. If not for the list and the rumpled bedding Electra would not have known Serafina had been home at all. She had fallen asleep waiting up for her. This morning when Electra woke up, her mother was already gone with no explanation—only this long list of items to gather left to mark her brief sojourn.
It was not unusual for Serafina to be gone for long periods of time. She often went on expeditions of one kind or another. But it was unusual for her to go without telling Electra where she was going and why. Electra worried that lately her mother’s behavior had been secretive and that she often seemed in a bad mood. Something was amiss and Electra very much wanted to know what that might be. 
As Electra looked at ‘Witches Bane’, the next item on the list, a large drop of water plopped down atop the crossed out ‘Brown Recluse’. Several more drops followed. Electra looked up to see a large dark cloud moving quickly overhead. A North wind ruffled the water of the swamp around her and she quickly covered her collecting basket with her cloak and headed home.
She smiled through the pouring rain when she saw smoke coming from the chimney of their cabin. Her Mother was home. Electra ran to the cabin and rushed inside flinging net bags of flowers and herbs on to a wooden chair. 
"Mother?" she called as she gently set the collection basket filled with little jars of insects on the table.
Electra looked around the empty cabin wondering how she could keep missing Serafina. She crossed to the fireplace and hugged the warmth into her damp clothes. As she shrugged her wet woolen cloak to the floor she noticed two little cloth horses with riders sitting atop the fireplace logs. Flames licked at the edges of the cloth miniatures. Without thinking, Electra swept them up in her hands just before they caught fire. She held the little figures, studying them. Were they an experiment gone wrong? She brought them close to breathe in their scent. Besides the smell of charred cloth there were scents she recognized. Blood root and mistletoe. These were certainly Serafina’s work. But why were they in the fire? Electra had a sudden uneasy feeling. Perhaps Serafina wanted them to burn. Perhaps her interference would anger her mother. No, she decided, they could always be burned later. Best to find out first. She slipped the little figures into her pocket. 
Electra began to busy herself with sorting her collection. She placed the herbs on hooks above the fireplace to dry, stacked the containers of insects against the wall and sat at the table to sort through pebbles and crystals, but she found it increasingly difficult to concentrate. Where could Mother be? The question would not leave her. Finally she pushed her stones aside and reached for her crystal ball. 
"Where is Mother?" Electra asked aloud, as she gazed at the little shifting shapes within the ball.
The forest north of Chase Bound was in flames. Electra began to shiver uncontrollably as she felt not only her Mother’s presence near the burning forest but the presence of those mysterious searchers as well. These men who search for me are in grave danger, she thought, and my mother may be in danger as well. 
Was this somehow my doing? she wondered, throwing on her wet cloak and running for the door. 

Chapter 8

Forest near Chase Bound 

Prince Avor rode slowly behind General Pommell along the narrow trail through the vast forest. They had been on the road over a fortnight, sleeping out of doors most nights and riding all day most days. They were tired but still excited by the possibility of finding Electra. Avor leaned over his saddle horn, head lowered, as the rain seeped under his collar. It was only another few miles to the village of Chase Bound where they would be able to dry out and rest. They would rendezvous with Muller the Spy at their prearranged meeting place, the Wayfarer’s Inn in Chase Bound, to discuss the rumors and clues they had collected in their travels, the rumors and clues that might eventually lead them to Electra. 
The drilling noise of the rain increased in intensity. Was it raining harder? Avor glanced up cautiously, blinking raindrops from his eyes. It seemed suddenly brighter and warmer. He pulled on his horse’s reins. The trees ahead were bursting into flames! The flames quickly surrounded them. The fire’s heat seared his lungs. General Pommell’s horse, Tyre, reared up and the general cried out as he fell to the ground. 
Avor managed to calm his horse and slip down from the saddle as the fire suddenly abated, replaced by thick clouds of black smoke. He flattened himself to the earth and called out, coughing, "General, where are you?" 
"Here Lad," the General whispered hoarsely. General Pommell was hunched over, gasping for breath. Avor helped the old man lie down. The General put one hand to his chest and used the other to bring Prince Avor close. The General’s mouth moved but no sound came out. Finally he managed a whispered message. 
"I … may not be … going on with you … bad pain," he said, clutching his chest. The general’s face was ashen and contorted in pain. 
Avor started to protest but the General shook his head and drew him closer. "There is … sorcery in this," he whispered, "no natural fire … burns in the rain." 
Avor nodded at the general’s words, his throat too parched to speak. The forest fire that swept around them had begun in the middle of a downpour. 
. "Go to the Inn … at Chase Bound and wait …for Muller." The General’s body tensed as he drew a final shuddering breath. His hand relaxed its hold on Avor’s shirt and fell to the ground. 
"General?" Avor patted the fallen hand anxiously. He put his ear to the general’s silent chest. No breath escaped through the general’s parched lips. The life had gone out of him. Avor closed the general’s eyes and wept over his old friend’s body, feeling alone and afraid. The general had been his father’s friend from childhood, and Avor’s hero. He couldn’t believe he was gone so suddenly. He knelt beside the body, holding the general’s hand until the warmth left it. Finally he called back the general’s horse, talking softly to the frightened beast. He recalled the command the general had used to make his battle trained horse kneel down. 
"Go down, Tyre," he commanded. 
Slowly the great war horse bent his front legs down. With all his strength, Avor was able to push the general’s body across the saddle. 
"Up, Tyre," he shouted. 
Avor caught his breath and called to his own horse. He tied them one behind the other and led both horses through the lingering smoke of the burned out clearing. He stood at the edge of the clearing marveling at the destruction and his own salvation before swinging himself up onto his horse’s saddle and turning back to the trail toward Chase Bound. 
It was late afternoon when he reached the Wayfarer’s Inn, leading the General’s body-laden horse behind him. 
"’Ave Mercy!" the Innkeeper cried as he stood at the door to the Inn watching Avor approach. "Where was there a fire?" He stared from the doorway at the soot-covered young man as he dismounted. The Innkeeper stepped off the wooden porch and walked with Avor to the General’s body, slung over the back of the second horse. He felt for a pulse, then dropped the General’s scorched hand. "I’m sorry, was he kin to you?" 
"A very old friend of my family," Avor said, biting his lip to stave off fresh tears. The Innkeeper put his arm around the boy and ushered him inside. "We’ll call the coffin fitter ta’ see ta’ yer old friend," he said. 
Avor stopped, reluctant to leave the General’s body. 
"There’s naught you can do for ‘im now but give ‘im a proper send off," the Innkeeper said. "We’ll sort it all out." 

Chapter 9

Forest near Chase Bound 

Serafina slowed her pace as flames shot up through the trees in the forest below. She watched from a hill above the green forest, pulling the hood of her cape forward to shield her eyes from the rain. As she continued to the edge of the forest the flames suddenly turned to black smoke. That should not have happened, she thought as she quickened her pace. She circled around upwind of the thick smoke to approach the burning section of forest. By the time she arrived at the blackened clearing, the heavy rain had reduced the smoke to a few lingering whiffs and the ground to a soggy mass of gray embers. 
"Where are they?" she murmured as she searched the embers for footprints. She had been so pleased to see that her fire hex had worked in the midst of a cloudburst. It was a powerful hex, and the effigies had been carefully made with strong magic.
Serafina made a wider circle around the clearing and finally picked up the hoof prints. She cursed aloud. How could they have survived? She quickly set out following the trail that led in the direction of Chase Bound. As she walked, she went over the steps she had taken to prepare the fire hex. She could find no error. They should both be dead along with their mounts, she thought. She touched her fingers to a hoof print, testing the formation of crust around the edge. Only a few minutes ahead, she thought, as she quickened her pace. 
She saw the horses tied in front of the Wayfarer’s Inn as she emerged from the forest. A body lay across the saddle of one of the horses. Too big for the King’s young son. So the powerful companion was dead. But the horses—still alive. And the son? 
Serafina made her way to the rear of the Inn and once again entered through the back door into the storage area. Pulling the curtain a little to the side, she saw the Innkeeper sitting with a boy. The boy had Delphinia’s slight build and dark straight hair. He looked young but could have been fourteen or fifteen. His light complexion was hidden by soot and his wet clothes clung to his body. He looked pitiful, and indeed, seemed to have garnered the Innkeeper’s sympathy. The man fussed over the boy with tea and platitudes. 
Serafina knew the Innkeeper to be a gossip and was certain that Electra’s name would soon come up if it had not already. If her nephew told the Innkeeper why he had come, Electra would hear of it. The whole of Chase Bound would hear of it. Serafina had to act to stop him and the sooner the better. She pushed the curtain aside and walked into the tavern. 
"Serafina!" the Innkeeper said, "I’m surprised ta’ see ya’. I thought ya’ was on yer way to some sea voyage." 
"Serafina?" Avor said. His hand shook as he placed his tea cup back on its saucer. 
"Is that a body in front of the Inn?" she asked. 
"That is the body of General Pommell," Avor said, moving closer to the Innkeeper. 
"General Pommell. I knew him well in my youth. What a tragic loss," Serafina said. 
Avor stared at Serafina in amazement. "Then you are my mother’s sister?" he asked. 
"Of course. I have waited years for this meeting. You must come with me. Electra is anxious to meet you. We will discuss arrangements for General Pommell’s burial." 
"Wait!" the Innkeeper said, touching his fingers to his forehead. "General Pommell, you say; why, I’ve a message fer ‘im." 
He took a folded piece of paper from his apron pocket. "Come in just a while back from Seachase." 
Avor took the scrap of paper from the Innkeeper’s hand and unfolded it. He read the message silently.
 
General Pommell,
‘Have followed Serafina and Electra on board ship The Southern Cross bound for Manoa. They are booked through to same. Suggest you follow by ship as soon as possible. I will leave word at port office in Manoa and stay on their trail.
Muller

Avor looked at Serafina, wondering if he should divulge his message. 
"Why did you think Serafina and Electra were on a sea voyage?" he asked the Innkeeper. 
The Innkeeper looked at Serafina. "Weren’t that yerself an’ Electra I seen early morn totin’ bags out a town?" 
"We have been out gathering of late; lots of order to fill," Serafina said with a smile. She turned to Avor, "Come along now, you do want to meet Electra do you not?" 
"Shall I send fer the coffin-fitter then?" the Innkeeper asked as Serafina took Avor’s arm and pulled him out the door of the tavern.
Avor, caught off balance, half stumbled through the door. 
"Yes, Milo," Serafina said. "We would appreciate that. Tell him to send the body on to Seachase when he’s finished with it. I will be in touch with him soon." The tavern door slammed shut behind her. 

Chapter 10

Village of Chase Bound 

Outside the Inn Avor slipped free of Serafina’s grasp.
"I…I should wait for the coffin-fitter and see to the horses before I leave. Perhaps we could all meet later here at the Inn," Avor said. 
"If you wish," Serafina said, smiling. 
Avor stared at his aunt’s face, so like his Mother’s. The same dark hair framing a light complexion. But the eyes were different. His mother’s eyes were a soft sky blue and Serafina’s eyes were dark with flashes of blue and green, as cold as the ocean depths. 
"Electra will be disappointed," his aunt continued. "She made such a nice lunch for you." 
"How did she know I was coming?" Avor asked, feigning surprise. 
Serafina mimicked his feigned surprise. "Has no one told you I have the gift of second sight? I thought Delphinia would have told you." 
Avor bit his lip. "She may have mentioned it."
"Ah, here comes the coffin-fitter now," Serafina said. "News of a body circulates quickly. Perhaps you’ll be able to come for lunch after all." 
The coffin-fitter and his assistant eased General Pommell’s body off his horse into their cart. 
"Don’t you worry none," the coffin-fitter said. "I’ll fix ‘im up real nice an’ make ‘im a good box ‘afore I send ‘im off ta’ Seachase." 
"I’d appreciate that," Avor said as he handed over several gold coins. "He’s to be shipped to Rivers End from there." 
Avor watched silently, wiping the moisture from his eyes with his handkerchief, as the cart rumbled down the street.
"He was a good man," Serafina said, "a warrior." 
And he warned me not to trust you, Avor thought. 
"I believe I will have to miss lunch," Avor said, "I must take care of the horses. They have wounds from the fire. Please give my apologies to Electra and tell her I look forward to meeting her this evening." 
Serafina looked closely at the horses. "Ah, they have indeed been scorched. Fortunately we have just this morning gathered the Aloe plants needed to treat them. Electra is very good with horses. We should leave for the cabin without delay." 
Avor tried to think of another excuse but Serafina was already untying the horses and leading them away. Avor rushed to catch up with her and take back the reins. Serafina released them and walked on quickly. Avor stood holding the horses, wondering if he should just mount up and head for Seachase. 
I’ve come all this way to find Electra, I must see this through, he thought. He caught up to Serafina near the edge of the swamp. 
Large trees marked the entrance to the swamp. The path was narrow and close to the dank black water pooled on either side. Avor stepped carefully on the slippery moss. The horses’ hooves made deep holes that quickly filled with water.
"Stay close," Serafina said as she quickened her pace. 
Avor watched his aunt’s movements carefully. She kicked aside a nest of scorpions and gazed angrily at the tree snakes hanging in loops beside her. They recoiled, hissing. She watched intently as an old log drifted by. Fingering through the vials in her bag her hand settled on one filled with a red liquid. As she walked she made little clicking noises with her teeth and dripped red drops into the water. Logs continued to gather around them. 
Avor tried to calm the horses. His own horse, Sassafras, reared up, throwing her head from side to side. The General’s horse, Tyre, backed away from her. 
Serafina stopped and said, "Why not give your horses a rest. That one seems in great distress. I will go on ahead to start our dinner and tell Electra you have come. Stay on this path and you will soon reach our cabin." Serafina continued into the swamp without waiting for a reply. 
"Easy Girl, it is just a swamp. Do not be afraid," Avor said, trying to stop the trembling in his voice.
Sassafras edged backwards, looking at the gathering logs. The logs looked back.
"Crocodiles!" Avor shouted. He took a rope from the saddle and used it to lash out at their long green snouts. The crocodiles continued to move closer, opening their great jaws as they cornered their prey. "Be brave, Sassafras, Tyre," Avor shouted. The horses kicked at the giant jaws, wheeled and kicked again. 

Chapter 11

Village of Chase Bound 

As Electra neared the village of Chase Bound she saw movement at the edge of her vision and looked toward the swamp in time to see a lad with two horses heading into the trees. A glimpse of a dark cloak told her Serafina was leading the way. Electra called out but they were too far away to hear her. The tracks she had followed out of the forest were the tracks of two horses and a man. Could they have been made by the youth who was now following her mother into the swamp? 
Electra had been shocked by the scene she had just viewed in the forest. The trees in a small area had been burnt through like charred logs in a fireplace. She had been even more shocked to see the fresh tracks leading out of the devastated area. How had anything survived the intensity of that fire? She had an uneasy feeling that the survivors were still alive due to her own interference. She had pulled the effigies out of the fireplace. The effigies her mother had made. Had she placed her mother and herself in danger? Had Serafina meant to kill this young man? Why was her mother keeping secrets from her? She bristled with unanswered questions as she took off running toward the swamp. She stopped running momentarily when she heard shouting and the shrill whinnies of frightened horses up ahead. Then she ran even faster, fearing for her mother’s safety. She stopped abruptly as she rounded a curve in the path. It was not her mother in danger but the young man, who now appeared to be closer to a child than a man. 
"You there, stop teasing those crocodiles," she shouted. 
"Keep back, my lady, these deadly beasts mean to kill us all. You must save yourself." 
Electra knelt down and slapped the water several times with the palm of her hand. The crocodiles snapped their jaws angrily. She put her fingers to her mouth and whistled three shrill notes as she slapped the water again. The crocodiles snapped one last time and slithered back into the shadows of the swamp. 
Prince Avor was astonished. "I am much in your debt," he said. 
"Good, then you can answer my questions," Electra said. "I know you have been searching for me and I want to know why." 
"You are Electra? My sister?" the Prince asked, more and more amazed.
 
As Electra and Avor were meeting for the first time, Serafina rushed into her cottage and picked up the crystal ball, expecting to see a successful end to the crocodiles' attack. Instead she saw Prince Avor, still very much alive, standing beside his sister. 
"No," she screamed at the top of her voice. 
Bella clucked in fear. Serafina grabbed the chicken's cage and flung it into the fireplace. Bella flew out as the broken cage caught fire. Serafina threw her book of hexes into the fireplace. The book exploded in a white ball of fire. She began throwing everything within reach into the fireplace. Soon the cabin was littered with flying papers and rubble. Serafina cursed the crystal ball and threw it against the wall. It cracked on one side and fell into the rattlesnake cage, setting the snake free. Serafina lunged to grab the snake and fell, hitting her head against the hearth. 

Chapter 12

Swamp near Chase Bound
 
When Avor had finished telling Electra the story of her birth and abduction, Electra continued to stare at Avor. Both she and Avor were slender, dark-haired and light-skinned. They did look like brother and sister. But the story was too incredible. She was sure there was a more plausible and more sinister reason for his pursuit. As far as she knew, Serafina had never kept things from her. That is, until lately. 
"It is not possible," Electra said, "I would know if she were not my mother."
“How?” Avor asked. 
"One just knows," Electra answered stubbornly, "And you can see I favor her in appearance." 
"She is our aunt, she and our mother look alike." Avor insisted. 
"It is fruitless to discuss it further without Mother present." Electra turned up the path, then stopped and said, "Aren’t you coming?" 
Avor glanced back the way he had come wondering how many times he could survive his aunt’s attempts to kill him. He looked warily at Electra and then at the dark smoke rising above the trees behind her. Electra turned to follow his gaze and cried out. 
"Our cabin’s on fire." 
They ran through the swamp to the smoke-filled clearing. 
The cabin was consumed in flames. Most of the siding was gone, leaving burning rafters and the blackened shell of a chimney. Electra ran about kicking aside burning embers calling for her mother. The crystal ball, smudged and cracked, rested under a pile of burnt wood. As Electra looked into it she read the disaster that had taken place. Deep within the ball she saw a red glow that had not been there before. 
They found a pile of bones and rags left from Serafina's cloak. Electra sat down amid the rubble and wept. Prince Avor patted her shoulder but she shrugged him off. She held her crystal ball tightly, rocking herself as she sobbed. 
"This is your fault," she said. "It must be. Mother did not want you to find me." 
"I am sure you are right about that. I think she tried to kill me to stop me from finding you," Avor said softly. 
Electra stopped crying and stared at Avor. That much was true; her mother had tried to kill him. Why? He looked so young and defenseless. 
"She must have had good reason," Electra said, "What do you know of your own parents’ motives? Perhaps you are only a pawn in some nefarious plot. Perhaps killing Mother was their goal from the start." 
Avor walked back to unsaddle and feed the horses, not knowing how to convince her of his parents’ innocence. 
Electra sat weeping, hugging her crystal ball to her chest as the day darkened into evening. Finally she stood, wiped her eyes, and approached Avor. 
"I believe whoever sent you on this mission is to blame for my mother’s death. I will go back with you to confront your parents and learn the truth." 
Avor looked uneasy with her words, but he nodded and said, "It is a fortnight’s journey to Fernland. We could go more comfortably by ship. I would like to accompany General Pommell’s body home." 
"General Pommell? Is he the one who accompanied you?" Electra asked. 
"You knew we were here?" Avor asked. 
"I saw you in the crystal ball," Electra said. 
Avor’s shudder went undetected as the dark of night closed around them. 
"Perhaps we should build a fire," he said. "It is too late to start off tonight, unless you would rather go to the Inn." 
"I can’t leave yet," Electra said. "I have to…" Her throat clenched and her words leaked out as a whisper, "…bury my mother." 
"Let me help you," Avor said. 
"No!" Electra said sharply. "I prefer to do it alone." 
Avor left her reluctantly and busied himself making a campfire away from the burned out cabin. Once the fire was burning brightly he went to settle the horses for the night. When he returned, Electra was seated next to the campfire, still holding tight to her crystal ball. 
Avor told her about the fire in the forest and the death of General Pommell. His words seemed to hang suspended in the night air. He could not discern from Electra’s face if she was hearing any part of what he was saying. He tried a question. 
"Shall we book passage from Seachase back to Fernland then?" 
Electra’s eyes came to life. "Is that what you think best?" she asked softly. 
"Yes," Avor said, relieved to find she was listening. 
"Then we shall certainly go by land." Her eyes blazed in the dim light of the campfire. "Do not suppose I have come to trust you. I will not fall into any trap you have laid aboard ship. And we will not go to the Inn where you can send word to those who sent you. We will leave tomorrow by a route of my choosing and meet your parents unannounced." 
That night Electra packed what she could salvage from the cabin, took enough gold coins for the trip and left the rest where they lay. She buried Serafina’s bones by torchlight placing some of her burned books in the grave beside her. She made a small pile of rocks to mark the spot and sprinkled rose petals over the stones. 
At dawn Electra and Avor began the long journey back to Fernland. 

Chapter 13

Aboard the Southern Cross 

Muller watched the door of Serafina and Electra’s cabin on board the Southern Cross. For an entire day and night neither had emerged, nor had either opened the door when the ship’s steward came by with food. Whenever the corridor was empty Muller put his ear to the door. He heard movement within but no conversation. So far his subterfuges involving urgent messages from the captain and possible leaks in the ship’s hull had brought no response. Dressed in a porter’s uniform he decided to try again. 
"Porter here with tea, compliments of the captain," he called out. He almost dropped the tray when the door opened ever so slightly. 
A slim hand reached through the opening to take the tray. Muller moved to peek through the narrow opening. 
"I'd be happy to bring it in and set it up for you," he said. "It’s all part of the service." He glimpsed a cascade of long dark hair around a lovely olive-skinned face. The door opened a little wider and he stared into two eyes as black as ebony. 
"Come in then, I suppose," a musical voice invited. 
Muller stepped into the cabin, set the tray on a table and looked around expectantly.
"Umm, wasn't there another passenger besides you? I was told to bring a service for two." 
"Oh, you mean Serafina? She decided not to come." The girl seemed to be studying his face, as though she might have seen him somewhere before. 
"She decided not to come?" Muller repeated, his voice rising. He was surprised but quickly recovered his calm demeanor. "I see. Then, perhaps I could bring your lunch later if you prefer to dine in your cabin?" 
"That would be lovely. What is your name?" 
"M…Manuel." 
"Manuel. Thank you, Manuel. I'll see you at lunch then." 
Muller searched desperately for a reason to stay. "Perhaps I could straighten your cabin a little. The Captain wants to be sure you have the utmost in service." 
"He does?" 
"Of course. Even though you made no mention of it, your high status demands it." 
"I'm confused. What high status?" 
"Why, your royal lineage, of course." 
Angelica laughed. Her laughter held the same musical quality as her speech. "Please tell your captain that he is mistaken. I have no royal lineage." 
"Ah, of course, Serafina never told you. Your, ah, Mother, no doubt never spoke of it. But Serafina is not your real mother. Your real parents are King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia of Fernland." 
"What a lovely fantasy." Angelica laughed again. "But I fear my real mother is dead and my real father is a man who values drink above all else. Serafina has helped me to get away from him and his curse." 
"Helper, mother, no matter what she called herself, I'm telling you, you are in fact a princess, and I should know; I am not a real porter, but in fact a spy for His Majesty the King." 
Angelica looked at Muller, with an amused expression. "Who do you imagine I am?" 
"Princess Electra," Muller said. It sounded almost like a benediction. 
"Electra? A Princess?" Angelica wondered for a brief moment if she should go along with the ruse, but decided against it. She wanted a new life, but one of her own making. "You are the man who came to our camp, looking for a love charm," she said softly. 
Muller was loath to give up his victory, but on hearing the details of Serafina's deception he finally admitted defeat. They would be another ten days at sea before reaching Manoa where he could send word to King Geoffrey and backtrack to try again. By then, of course, it would probably be too late. His quarry, the real Electra would have moved on. And General Pommell! He had sent word to the General and Prince Avor to catch the next ship to Manoa. Now he would have to leave a message in Manoa telling the General how he had fallen for Serafina’s trickery. Muller groaned in frustration. What a mess he had created. Thanks to Serafina, he would probably lose his position as Chief of Spies. 
Angelica thought Muller very handsome, frustrated as he was. He had believed her a princess. She smiled and fingered the love charm in her pocket. Ten more days at sea, she mused. A lot could happen in ten days. 
"As long as you have brought tea for two and you are not a porter after all, why not join me?" Angelica asked. 
Lost in thoughts of his own ruin, Muller nodded absently and sat down beside the small wooden table. 

Chapter 14

Kingdom of Fernland 

Avor stood on the ridge that marked Fernland’s border, waiting for Electra to return from scouting possible campsites. In the distance he could see his father’s hilltop castle floating on a layer of mist. The valley below formed a lush green expanse of forest, crisscrossed by many streams. After fifteen days of travel he was anxious to be home. When Electra finally rode up to join him, he tried to control his homesickness. 
"We could continue on," he said, "I know the way from here even in the dark." 
"That’s a good-sized river we will need to cross," Electra said, pointing in the direction of King’s River. 
Avor smiled. "If not for the mist you would see the bridge. There will be soldiers stationed there. They will accompany us on to the castle." 
"I want no accompaniment. I prefer to arrive at the castle unannounced," Electra said. 
"It might be difficult to arrive unannounced during daylight hours," Avor said. 
Electra thought about that for a moment. "Will the soldiers take orders from you? Would they allow us to go on alone?" she asked. 
"Perhaps, though it will be difficult to persuade them. There are spies and scouts from Helsop roving about in the forest. The soldiers would want to guard us from them. In truth it might be better to leave the horses here for the night. My father’s men could retrieve them in the morning. We would make less noise and attract less attention on foot, should a spy be close by." 
Electra was still undecided. She looked out at the castle wondering what answers she would find there. She looked at her brother—for she had come to think of Avor as her brother over the last fifteen days. He seemed a bit in awe of her and she felt inexplicably protective of him. 
"Come along then," she said, dismounting. "I can see you are longing for your castle comforts. We can hobble the horses; they’ve plenty of grass here." 
They took only their heavy cloaks and a little bread and dried meat for the night. Electra's crystal ball, always with her, hung loosely in a sling around her shoulder. By the light of a full moon they started down the steep trail that led to the valley below. Soon they were engulfed in drifts of fog so dense they had to stay close to see one another. Carefully they inched forward into the growing darkness.
"We're on the valley floor," Avor said. "It will be easier now, but we'll have a few streams to cross before we reach the river. At the river there will be a bridge guarded by a detachment of the Royal Guard."
Avor led on, familiar with each twist and turn along the trail. They forded the smaller streams by jumping from rock to rock or crossing on fallen logs. As night wore on they felt the chill and dampness seep into their clothes and shoes. They heard the rushing waters of the river first. When they drew within sight of the bridge they saw an orange glow through the mist. "We will soon be warm," Avor said. “Those are the campfires of the Royal Guard."
They quickened their pace. "I should hail them before we cross the bridge," Avor said, "to let them know we're friend, not foe." At the foot of the bridge Avor cupped his hands to shout, then stopped. "Something is wrong," he whispered, "the banner should be red…" 
At that instant, dark shapes rose up around them as swords reflected in the dull orange glow of a torch.
"We'd best take them to Dagon, could be spies," said a voice muffled by a metal face plate.
"They both look young. This one's hardly more than a child," said a dark-robed soldier tapping Avor’s chest lightly with the tip of his sword. Avor stayed silent and turned his face away. Electra held her breath, watching the sword.
"Let's get them to the campfire and have a look," the armored soldier said.
They nudged Avor and Electra along at sword point across the bridge and into the open area around the fire. Avor saw many of the castle guards tied up in groups off to one side. Fernland’s red and gold banner had been torn down and lay in shreds at the bottom of its post. Helsop’s blue and white banner flew in its place. The soldiers who moved around the campfire wore dark, mismatched clothes with no insignia to identify their allegiance.
The soldiers stopped at the campfire to examine their captives more closely. The tall one with the metal face plate lifted his visor as he searched them for weapons. He removed the crystal ball from its sling and put it inside his shirt.
"Children!" the shorter soldier scoffed, "Don’t seem like much of a threat."
"I’ll let Dagon decide," the armored soldier said as he grabbed Avor and Electra by their arms.
He pulled his captives past the campfire to a tent backed by a large boulder. A sentry moved aside to admit them.
The armored man flipped open the tent flap and stuck his head in.
"Deimos, come in," called a gruff voice from inside the tent.
Dagon, the Headman of Helsop, sat behind a table writing notes by candlelight. He looked up, scowling, then his face softened in surprise. He leaned back in his chair. "Deimos, my friend, King Geoffrey grows desperate. He makes spies of children now."
"We're neither spies nor children," Electra said with a swing of her hair.
"What's this, a spy who speaks? Better still." Dagon's face went hard again, "So tell me M'Lady, who are you and what is your purpose here?"
Electra looked at Avor. His face was white. He gave a slight shake of his head. Electra saw the warning in his eyes. "Get rid of the spy who doesn't speak," said Dagon as he concentrated his attention on Electra.
The soldiers began to drag Avor out. 
"No," said Electra, "you can't, he's the…" Avor's eyes pleaded with her.
"He's the what?" Dagon demanded.
"He's the famous soothsayer, A…Amorel."
"Not so famous that I have heard of him," Dagon said.
"He's famous in the South, and I am his assistant. I translate for him. See? There is his crystal ball." She pointed to the lump in Deimos’ shirt. 
Deimos removed the crystal ball and set it on Dagon's table.
Dagon looked at it carefully. "A soothsayer? Isn't he a little young?"
"He's very gifted," Electra said. "He comes from the island of Amorate and only speaks that language. The island is famous for soothsayers."
"Famous again. Have you ever heard of this famous soothsayer island, Deimos?"
"No Sir," Deimos replied.
"And how do you both happen to be so far from Amorate?" Dagon asked.
"We were summoned by a messenger to come to Fernland to do readings for King Geoffrey," Electra said.
Dagon walked back and forth behind his table, considering. He stopped and gestured at Deimos. He released Avor. "Come closer Amorel," Dagon commanded.
Avor tried to look bewildered. He glanced at Electra.
"Dubor ent andarvil," she said in her best contrived language.
Avor stepped closer to Dagon.
Dagon looked at Avor doubtfully. "Tell him to…" He paced back and forth for a while longer, then stopped. "Tell him to look into his ball and tell me the size of my army," he said. His face looked menacing.
Electra stepped forward with Avor and picked up the crystal ball.
"Hold! What are you doing?" Dagon demanded.
"He will go into a trance and whisper his vision to me," she said.
Avor and Electra both looked deep into the crystal ball. Little clouds began to gather and the orange glow within seemed to brighten. Electra saw a bedraggled northern outpost of a few hundred souls, ill clad and poorly nourished. A larger group formed to the northwest, fading in and out of the picture. Avor leaned close to his sister and whispered, "I hope you know what you are doing." 

Chapter 15

Fernland’s Castle 

King Geoffrey woke up with a start. He wiped the perspiration from his face and lay still, hoping he had not wakened Delphinia. She lay quiet beside him. He couldn’t tell if she was still asleep. His mind drifted back to the nightmare that had wakened him. A raging forest fire burned. His son, Avor, caught unaware, called out to his father. Geoffrey shook his head to avoid falling back into the dream. He tried to roll quietly out of bed.
"Geoffrey?" Delphinia said.
"Did I wake you? I thought I might check with the Captain of the Guard about a matter that slipped my mind earlier. Go back to sleep, I will not be gone long."
"I hope it is not the matter you have been dreaming of, with such thrashing and unrest," Delphinia said.
Geoffrey sighed mightily and lay back down in his bed. "I am as worried as you are that there has been no word from Avor of late," he said.
Delphinia nodded. "I thought I would go mad with grief over Electra but I believe the numbness I feel now over worry for Avor is worse. Have we sinned so greatly to have this befall us?" 
"I wonder the same," Geoffrey said. "I think I will take the night air. Sometimes it helps. May I have something brought up for you? Some hot broth perhaps?"
"No, I fear sleep has eluded me for tonight. I believe I will try writing in my journal. Sometimes that helps me." Delphinia sat up and lit the oil lamp on the table beside the bed.
In the dim light of the oil lamp the gold of their bedposts glowed. Geoffrey threw off the silk quilt as he slipped on his shoes and fur cape. He stood up quickly, knowing he should tell Delphinia today’s news, but dreading her reaction. Tomorrow he would tell her. Surely such news could wait until then.
King Geoffrey walked through the large bed chamber to the broad balcony outside, contemplating the news he feared to share. Only this morning the body of General Pommell had arrived by ship at Rivers End.
There was no note other than the tag from a coffin-fitter in the town of Chase Bound. The royal physician said it was likely his heart that had failed, but there were burns also, to indicate injuries from a fire. Geoffrey had managed to keep the arrival quiet, but the General’s family would have to be told soon. He would honor his old friend with a funeral befitting his great service to Fernland. Within a day there would be no way to keep the news from Delphinia.
He ran his fingers through his hair as he gazed up at the starry night, wondering if all was written there as the seers believed. He moved to the edge of the balcony and looked out at the mist that covered the valley floor.
"Where are you Avor?" he cried out, grasping the rail with his hands.

Chapter 16

Fernland’s Castle

Three levels beneath the sleepless King on his balcony stood another cause for worry. The dark hooded figure waited silently on the stone steps leading down to the dungeon. She listened as the guard shuffled through his rounds checking the locks on each prison cell by rattling its door, then returned to his post outside the dungeon entrance. She heard the scrape of the dungeon door as it closed and the metallic clang of the keys as he hung them beside the door. She continued to wait. The low murmur of prisoners' voices began again. The guard yelled out for quiet.
She descended slowly to the middle of the curving stairway. There she stopped in the darkness and took a pebble from her cloak. She threw it low to skitter across the stone floor.
"Who goes there?" called the guard. "Show yourself or I'll raise the alarm."
Another pebble skipped across the stones.
"Cursed rats," the guard grumbled as he picked up his sword and walked toward the stairs.
The dark figure slipped out from the shadows to stand before him.
The guard raised his sword, torn between attacking and running back to sound the alarm.
"Have no fear," the woman said in a soft, refined voice; "I bring a message from the King."
"Who are you?" asked the guard, "Stay back."
The hood of the cloak fell back and the guard gasped in horror. One side of the woman’s face was burned and horribly scarred. As the dungeon guard stared, a slender hand gently touched his eyes.
"The King has sent me. He wants you to rest now, rest and sleep..., rest and sleep." Her voice was soothing and confident. The guard’s eyes closed slowly and he sank to his knees, then to his side, asleep.
"Good man," said the trespasser as she headed for the dungeon.
She took the keys from the wall and opened the door to the dungeon. Even in the blackness of the underground chambers she could see that many of the cells held inmates. All were hushed and expectant. She walked past the cells looking into pale sunken faces until she came to the one she sought.
"This is your lucky day, thief," she said as she unlocked his cell and pocketed the keys. "You are coming with me."
Take, the Thief, looked at the hooded face shrouded in darkness. He could not make out the features but the voice was familiar. A voice from long ago. Sixteen years ago. Serafina! As recognition dawned he slunk back into the corner of his cell. 
"No, go away. I told them nothing. Leave me alone."
She laughed, a low dangerous sound. "Do not make me think you ungrateful. Come." Her voice turned to a command. "Now."
The two figures hurried past the sleeping guard, up the stairs and to the back door of the castle.
"We'll never get past the guards," the thief said. "We’re almost in a state of war here."
"They will be guarding against coming in, not going out," the woman said. "I hope I do not have to warn you about trying to get away."
"No, you don't." The thief slouched in defeat.
She led him to a closed-off area next to the kitchen. A foul stench overtook them as soon as she opened the door to the small room.
"Take these," she said, handing him two smelly chamber pots hanging from a pole. "No talking." She hoisted a similar pole.
As they exited through the servants' door, the first guard stepped back and shouted, "Make way, chamber pots."
They carried their charade as far as the first inner wall of the castle, where they dropped the pots in a ditch. They passed along a line of empty vendor stands set up between the wall and the road. The woman led the thief through the empty marketplace to a little hut beside the stockyards, pushed him inside and shut the door. The smell of the stockyards was almost as bad as the chamber pots and the fetid air as cold as the dungeon.
In the pre-dawn gray the woman removed her hooded cloak and sat down before the unused fireplace. The thief looked at her face in horror.
"Serafina, what happened to you?" Although he had not seen her since he had delivered Electra into her hands sixteen years before, he knew she had once been a beautiful woman.
"Never mind that" she said. "Tell me what's been happening here in the last sixteen years."

Chapter 17

Kingdom of Fernland 

Dagon and Deimos stood across from one another staring at the crystal ball still sitting on Dagon’s makeshift desk.
"How do you suppose the girl was able to tell us the size of our army? And advise us that we shouldn’t trust Blackwell to aid us?" Deimos asked.
"Perhaps it is common knowledge. We may be the last ones to learn we will reap no rewards from this foray into Fernland." Dagon scowled. "For as much as we know, Prince Blackwell and Geoffrey could be plotting an alliance as we speak to divide up Helsop between them," he added.
"That will never happen as long as the old king Blackwell lives. He hates Geoffrey too much," Deimos said.
"One thing I do know for certain. Those children are not spies and that ridiculous soothsayer story is a flight of fancy." They continued to stare silently at the crystal ball.
"I have an idea," Dagon said, "Tell the sentry to fetch the girl."
Dagon took a seat behind his desk while Deimos waited at the opening of the tent. Dagon glanced up at Electra as she was led into the tent.
"What have you done with Amorel?" she demanded, "Why have you separated us?"
"I have found someone who speaks the Amorate language. He is being questioned separately."
"That's impossible."
"Oh? Why is that?"
" Amorate is a small, remote island. It is too far from here."
"And yet you speak both Amorate and English."
"I was brought up close by. My Mother studied with them."
"How interesting. What was it your mother studied?"
"Um, the occult arts. Sorcery I suppose you would call it."
"I see. And did you study there as well?"
"I am assistant to Amorel. He is very gifted. Why do you not let us go? We are no threat to you. If you wish we will go back to Amorate. We will send a message to King Geoffrey that we cannot accept his commission."
"And you, a mere assistant, can speak for your master Amorel?"
"We have spoken. I know his mind on this."
"Since you feel no loyalty to King Geoffrey perhaps you would accept my commission instead?"
"I doubt it. I could ask but I am sure he wants no part of your war."
"We will ask him ourselves."
"I tell you this translator of yours is not plausible."
"You seem quite certain on that point, could it be that..."
At that moment a soldier burst into the tent. Deimos reached out to restrain him but Dagon waved him forward.
"What is it?" Dagon asked gruffly.
"A detachment of the King’s Guard has left the castle. They are marching this way."
"Break camp!" Dagon shouted, running from the tent, "Burn the bridge! Gather the prisoners!"
Soldiers and guards began running in every direction.
Deimos took Electra by the arm and stood outside the tent, awaiting orders.
Within minutes the bridge that crossed the Kings River was set ablaze. Guards began tying the prisoners one to another in a long line. Prince Avor was tied on to the end of the line. As soon as the line was secured, the prisoners were pushed into motion by their guards.
Dagon divided his remaining men into six groups of three.
"Geoffrey’s men will scour the woods looking for us," he said, standing before his men. "In small groups we should be able to elude them. You may take more prisoners to hold for ransom if the opportunity arises, but no more than two for each group. The main thing is to avoid being captured. I cannot afford to lose any of you. We will regroup after dark at the cave. Dismissed."
The groups of three headed out in different direction and were soon enveloped by the thick forest. Dagon ran back to his tent and stopped short when he saw Deimos standing there beside Electra.
"What is she doing here?" Dagon asked harshly.
"You said to keep her separated from the soothsayer," Deimos replied.
Dagon hit himself in the forehead with the heel of his hand. He glared at Electra.
"You make any noise or get in the way and I'll have you gagged and tied. Understand?"
Electra nodded and kept silent.
Dagon gathered his notes and weapons from inside the tent and gestured to Deimos as he headed for the woods. "Come with me," he said.
Dagon, Deimos and Electra took off at a run.

Chapter 18

Kingdom of Fernland 

In the small hut next to the stockyards Serafina and Take sat on the floor under the window to avoid being seen by stockyard workers passing by on their way to work. Take crossed his arms over his chest, rubbing his hands over his arms to keep warm, and looked longingly at the cold fireplace.
Serafina stood up beside the window and peeked out.
"Work has begun at the stockyards," she said.
She chose a small piece of black material from a stack of materials she took from her bag. She hung it in the window of the vacant hut and a shadowy gloom descended on their cold space.
"So the King has had no word of Electra?" Serafina asked.
"It's not like they keep us informed down in the dungeon," Take said.
"There would have been a celebration, surely," Serafina said.
"Not in the dungeon."
"Let us speak of the dungeon then. It seems well populated."
"They are mostly militia men from Helsop, caught spying or poaching."
"And what news have Helsop’s militia men?"
"That their people are starving. In other words, no news."
"Are they an organized militia?"
"They have a new headman, name of Dagon and he thinks they are a militia. He seems to have some sort of alliance with Prince Blackwell of Henge."
"Blackwell? There's desperation indeed. I'd sooner dance with a viper."
"Beggars can’t be choosers; Blackwell the Younger is in charge now. Old King Blackwell lost a leg and it seemed to slow him down a bit." Take smiled at his little joke. "They say Henge has a tip top army now and Blackwell the Younger is over proud of it."
"Over proud?" Serafina asked.
"So proud he doesn’t want to send them out to fight where they might get hurt." Take smiled again, warming to the discussion.
Serafina looked thoughtful for a moment. "Interesting," she said. Then she studied the thief as though she might be considering making a purchase. The thief’s smile vanished and he began to shrink under her gaze.
"We need a source of news from the castle."
"If I'm seen I'll be put back in prison or worse, now that I've escaped."
"We must alter your appearance."
The thief looked at Serafina's altered appearance and shivered uncontrollably.
Serafina began pulling items from her bag. She draped various pieces of material on his shoulders, standing back to study the effects.
"I believe you might serve as a dervish," she said finally.
"I don’t even know what a dervish is," Take said.
Serafina continued to elaborate on her plan as she fit him with his costume, a gauzy white tunic with a wide skirt made up of panels of the same gauzy white material, held in place with a bright red cumber bund. As she put on the finishing touches, she began to quiz him on her instructions.
"Who are you?"
The thief stared at Serafina, barely suppressing his irritation. "A whirling dervish."
"Close, but wrong. You are an actor dressed as a whirling dervish. And why are you at the castle kitchen?"
"To advertise for our upcoming show."
"And the show?"
"What about the show?" Take asked.
Serafina rolled her eyes. "What is the show you are advertising?"
"Uh, the Great Sheiks of Araby and their Harem Dancers."
"You could be a little more enthusiastic."
"They'll find me out you know. They'll put me back in the dungeon."
"Not if you play your part properly." Serafina took two coins from her cloak and held them close to his face. "Tell them you have been on the road for days and would be so in their debt for a hot-cooked meal. Show them the coins and offer to pay. Then praise their cooking outrageously. They will begin to gossip. You only need to steer the conversation."
"At least the part about the hot-cooked meal won't be a lie." The thief looked at the two coins and his face brightened a little.
"Do not get any ideas of your own," Serafina added, "I will be watching."

Chapter 19

Fernland’s Forest 

The guards forced their line of prisoners forward with shouts and shoves. The guard at the end of the line used a branch to erase traces of footprints left behind in the forest. Prince Avor, at the end of the line of prisoners, remained mute, keeping up the pretense imposed on him by his sister. He heard the guards mention a cave and was not surprised when their march ended abruptly at a dark fissure in a hillside densely covered with ferns and bushes.
The rock around the cave’s entrance glistened with moisture and the sound of trickling water drifted from the dark opening.
"In ya’ go, an’ no stoppin’ inside. Any as don’t fit will jis’ ‘ave to be put ta’ the sword out ‘ere," the guard said.
Avor, at the end of the line, knew his father’s soldiers would not let that happen. Several had given him knowing looks, though none had attempted to speak to him or in any way, give away his identity.
The prisoners pushed through the narrow opening in single file, still tied one to another. The walls of the cave were close around them, widening a little as they moved deeper inside. As soon as Avor stepped through the opening, he could hear the guards sealing them in with rocks on the outside.
Before long the last bit of light was gone. Total darkness enveloped them, and sounds from outside were cut off.
"Your Highness?" a voice from the line of men whispered. The acoustics in the cave gave his whisper a loud echoing quality.
"Yes, I am here," Avor whispered back. A great tension among the soldiers seemed to break on hearing his words.
"Thank the fates," the voice said. "I am Lieutenant Racitor, failed commander of His Majesty’s soldiers sent to guard the bridge."
"No talk of failure," Avor said. "I am captured as well. Dagon will pay for this insult."
"Hear! Hear!" came murmurings from the other soldiers.
"We will find a way to untie you first, Your Highness," Racitor said.
"There is no space to turn on this end," Avor said. "How is it at the far end?"
"Corporal Lance here, Sire," said a voice from deep inside the cave. I’ve space to turn Sire, but ah, there’s something in here with us."
All the men went quiet. Into the silence came little snorts and grunts, sounds of fear and hunger.
"Your report, Corporal," ordered Racitor.
"Bear cubs," said several men at the same time.
"And the mother?" asked Racitor in a strained voice.
No one breathed as they listened for the deeper grunts and braced for an attack.
Finally Corporal Lance said, "I don't believe she is here Sir."
Racitor spoke as if to himself, "When she comes back she'll likely get through those boulders at the entrance and have at us."
Prince Avor spoke quietly but with excitement in his voice. "She will set us free! If we can get ourselves out of the shackles and pass those cubs close to the mouth of the cave, we can push them into the opening as soon as she digs through. Once she has her cubs we will fend her off with shouts and rocks. She will likely leave with her cubs."
"All of you, do as Prince Avor commands," shouted Racitor.
The men struggled to turn and twist in the narrow cave, feeling for the knots in the rope in the darkness. Soon one man was free and the rest were quickly untied. The bear cubs were passed forward, snarling and squirming. Racitor insisted on crawling forward under the legs of the other soldiers to stand in front of Avor. Within an hour the cub’s mother was at the cave’s blocked entrance.
They did not have to wait long. They soon heard angry snorts and falling boulders as the frantic bear tore at the pile of debris outside the cave. As soon as the first ray of light pierced the darkness, Racitor had the cubs pressed against the opening. The cubs struggled through to join their mother, whining and grunting. Their mother backed off to nuzzle them. She stood on two legs and peered into the darkness, lifting her nose high in the air. The men shouted and banged on the walls of the cave with rocks. She fell back on all four paws and nudged the cubs away from the cave, ambling into the forest with her cubs scurrying along behind.
The soldiers gave shouts of celebration and relief and quickly dug through to widen the opening and climb out of the cave. Lieutenant Racitor gave orders to stay together to protect the Prince as they headed for the King’s road. He reasoned that Dagon’s men would likely avoid the main road and stay hidden in the woods.
They made their way cautiously to the King’s Road and began walking toward the castle, keeping Prince Avor in their center. Minutes later they met the detachment of Royal Guards Avor’s father had sent to check on them.
The Captain of the Royal Guard stared down at Lieutenant Racitor from his tall black stallion.
"You failed to report last night, Lieutenant," he said.
"We have only one bit of good news to report, Sir," Racitor said. "Prince Avor is returned to us." The men parted and Prince Avor stepped forward.
"Lieutenant Racitor is not to blame," Avor said. "He and his men have kept me safe. But that renegade Dagon has burned our bridge!"
On hearing Prince Avor’s account of their escape, the Captain immediately ordered fifteen of his men to take the Prince to King Geoffrey without delay. He gathered his remaining soldiers and gave them their orders.
"All Royal Guardsmen, fan out and search the forest for the intruders. Lieutenant Racitor, you and your men, take me to this cave. While my men scour the forest, we will set a trap for Dagon and his renegades."

Chapter 20

Fernland’s Marketplace 

The thief mingled with the crowd of vendors setting up their market stalls against the outer castle walls. His mouth watered at the sight of food. The smell of meat cooking on an open grill overcame his fear of Serafina. He decided to delay his visit to the castle kitchen. He fingered the two coins in his pocket and moved closer to watch a huge chunk of meat turn slowly on a spit.
"So what sort of get up is that yer wearin’," asked the large red-faced man who turned the spit.
"I’m supposed to look like a whirling dervish," Take answered
"A whirling dervish are ya?" Let's see ya whirl," the man said, laughing heartily.
"I'll whirl for a slice of that fine beef," the thief said as he licked his lips.
"Ah, it'll be hours 'fore it's done proper like. So wha's with the costume, Mate?"
The thief went into his rehearsed spiel and invited the vendor to come to the play.
"Harem dancers, is it? Tell ya what Mate. You come back in two hours and I'll trade you some beef fer tickets to yer play." 
"Tickets?" Take repeated.
"Yeh, yer sellin' tickets, aren't cha?"
"Right, that I am. And that's a deal, right enough. I'll be seeing you then."
Tickets, the thief thought. Serafina hadn't thought of tickets, or had she? He couldn't remember. Of course they'll all want tickets. Should he go back and ask Serafina what to do? The thought of going back before he had to was so repugnant he quickly pushed it from his mind. Out here, right now, he was free—free from the dungeon and free from Serafina. What if he were to find tickets and sell them. With a little money he could make his escape. He fingered the two coins again and looked around at the various stalls stacked up against the wall of the castle. Fruits and vegetables, meat and bread, cloth, buttons, pottery, toys swam into view. The market place was filling up with vendors and customers. Many smiled and pointed at him. He could sell a hundred tickets easily, but where to find tickets?
The thief's eyes fell on a child's set of paints at a toy stall. And next to it sat a pile of small canvass squares for painting.
"How much for the paints and canvases?" the thief asked.
"Ten pence," the vendor sang out.
"How about two pence and later I'll come back and put on a show to attract customers to your stall? And I'll throw in a ticket to the grand production I've come to advertise, The Sheiks of Araby and their Harem Dancers."
The vendor smiled and handed over the paints and canvasses. "It's a deal. Come back in an hour, the market'll be full then."
The thief took his paints and canvases and left the market down a quiet alley that led to the rear of the castle. He saw the kitchen entrance and thought about his original mission. Perhaps he should find out the gossip just in case this ticket venture didn't work out. It wouldn't do to be stuck here with nothing to report to Serafina.
The thief waited until one of the servants came out with a pail full of garbage. She dumped it on a heap of garbage in the alley. Crows flew up and rats backed off a little until she moved away. The thief caught her eye and began to spin.
"Look, look," he called out, "The whirling dervish is first but others will follow. The great sheiks in full costume. The Harem Dancers with a dance seen only by the kings of Araby."
The servant girl laughed and called back to the kitchen. "Mag, Bertie, you've got to see this."
Three more women came out from the castle's kitchen. They clapped their hands and laughed as the thief continued to whirl.
"Their dances will hypnotize, they will inflame, they will lead men to their doom. Only a true desert prince can contain them."
The thief stopped whirling and staggered toward them, dizzy from the whirling. The three women applauded and invited him in for tea. The thief bowed low and accepted graciously. Once inside the three servants giggled and pressed the thief to accept warm pastries. He ate as many as they put before him. Between bites he told them the wonders of the upcoming play and promised free tickets to each of them.
"But how will the players get through? In fact, how did you get through?" Mag asked. "The road from the South is closed. They say the Northern renegades have burned the bridge."
Before the thief could reply, a palace guard burst into the kitchen. He cast a suspicious eye on the thief.
"What's your business here?" the guard demanded.
"He's just an actor passing through," Bertie said.
"You'd best get your pet out of here quick," the guard said to Bertie, "Her Majesty is on her way down to get you going on a big celebration. Prince Avor is comin' home."
The thief headed for the door without being told. He did not want the queen to see him.
"Don't forget our tickets," Mag yelled at the swinging door.
The thief looked for the quickest route away from the castle. His mind raced as he tried to think what to do next. He almost ran under the galloping hooves of the King's Honor Guard as he rounded the corner to the market place.
"Make way," they shouted. "Make way for His Highness, Prince Avor. Make way."
The thief flung himself against the castle wall as the young prince rode by surrounded and closely guarded by soldiers. Vendors cheered the prince as he rode by, then quickly turned to gossip among themselves and speculate over the morning's events.
"I heard he was captured and escaped," a button-vendor said.
"And where ‘as he been of late?" asked the toy merchant. "I heard ‘e went fer ‘is sister, gone all these years."
"Didn’t see no sister when they rode by," the meat seller said. "May hap ‘e were on a wild goose chase?" 
"Where'd he escape from? Who had 'im?" asked the fruit vendor.
The thief, costumed as he was, drew little attention now. He listened to the gossip and came up with a plan. He hid his paints and canvasses in his tunic. He would need time to make his tickets. He continued to drift from stand to stand, listening to rumors and putting off the time when he must finally return to the hut and make his report to Serafina.

Chapter 21

Fernland’s Forest 

Dagon, Deimos and Electra made their way through the dense trees and ferns, avoiding any forest trails. Dagon was surprised that they had not seen any of Geoffrey’s soldiers. The soldiers must have seen the burned bridge by now. They should be scouring the woods looking, if not for Dagon and his men, then for their own missing comrades imprisoned in the cave. As the sun was setting behind them, they came within sight of the cave where they had hidden their prisoners. Dagon was relieved to see that the cave’s entrance was still blocked with boulders, dirt and branches. He was about to move out from the cover of the forest when he saw a flash of light—perhaps a reflection. He signaled a halt.
"What is it?" Deimos whispered.
"I saw a flash of light," Dagon said.
"What’s wrong?" Electra demanded. "You said you would bring the prisoners out."
"Quiet," Dagon hissed. He turned to Deimos. "Circle around and see if others of us are waiting on the opposite side."
Deimos slipped quietly into the foliage to work his way around to the other side of the cave.
"It is cruel to leave them so long in the dark," Electra said.
"Stay quiet or you will join them," Dagon said.
Within a few minutes, Deimos was back with three more of Dagon’s militia. Deimos put his finger to his lips as he approached.
"The flash you saw was a bit of luck," Deimos whispered. “It must have been the glint of a sword. Geoffrey’s men have set a trap for us. Two of our teams have fallen prey to it. These three barely missed being taken as well. They witnessed the others being taken away."
"Already gone?" Dagon asked. "We’ve no hope of freeing them?"
Otto, one of the three soldiers stepped forward, and shook his head sadly. "Somehow they must ‘ave found where we hid the prisoners," he said. “I don’t know how. I was there myself when we sealed ‘em in an’ there’s no way they could’a got out on their own. They resealed the mouth of the cave to trick us an’ then just waited for us to show up. As soon as our six got here they tied ‘em up an’ threw ‘em in a cart and headed back to Geoffrey’s castle. A few more minutes an’ we would of missed seein’ it and they would of had us as well."
"And what of the remainder of our men?" Dagon asked with clenched fists.
"We was able to warn ‘em. They’re waitin’ by the North Fork of the river."
Dagon let his breath out slowly as Otto continued.
"They’ve captured eight more of Geoffrey’s guards but it took some fightin’. A few of us an’ a few of them are wounded."
Dagon considered their situation for a few moments. "With only twelve of us we’d best not take more prisoners, though I’d like nothing better than to surprise those lying in wait for us. We’ll meet up at the North Fork and return to Helsop. He looked wistfully in the direction of the cave. "I suppose they have more of Geoffrey’s men stationed at the bridge."
"They do," Otto said, "out of sight, likely hopin’ we might fall into that trap as well."
Dagon looked at Electra, wondering if he should leave her here to be found by Geoffrey’s soldiers.
"Would you like to tell me the truth about you and your young friend and thereby gain your freedom?"
"If you are such a keen judge of the truth how is it that you choose not to believe the story I have already told?" Electra asked.
Dagon put his hand to his head as though soothing a headache.
"Come along then," he said. "Perhaps King Geoffrey will pay a ransom for you."

Chapter 22

Castle at Fernland 

The royal family sat in their private dining room around an exquisite marble table. King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia smiled as Prince Avor speared another chunk of roast beef onto his gold platter. From time to time Delphinia dabbed away tears of joy with her silk handkerchief.
"What an amazing escape," the King said, when Avor paused to take a sip of water. "And the mother bear did not attack?"
Avor pushed his platter away and leaned back in his chair. "No, we shoved the cubs through as soon as the hole was big enough for them. She had a choice of digging a bigger hole to get to us or leading her cubs away from the cave. We were all shouting and banging rocks together. Luckily she chose to leave with her cubs."
"How brave you were, Avor," the Queen said. "And how resourceful you have been these many days, finding your sister in that distant land. Do you think Electra was nearby when the bears were there?"
"No, I am sure not, Mother, we were soon out of the cave. We would have seen her."
"After all these years, to have her so close, only to lose her again," said the Queen, wiping her eyes.
Avor hung his head. "I am sorry Mother, I am to blame."
"Oh, Avor." Queen Delphinia hugged him again. "Certainly you are not."
The King’s expression turned angry. "There is only one person to blame, that scoundrel Dagon! I shall raise an army and bring Electra home."
"And I shall go with you," Avor said.
At this the Queen’s handkerchief flew to her mouth and she cast a beseeching look in Geoffrey’s direction.
"Ah, I would be honored to count you among my officers, Avor," he said, "but we dare not chance it. You are heir to the throne and your mother’s protector. If anything should happen to you…," the King’s voice trailed off with just a hint of sadness. "You see my situation. I am afraid I am unable to allow it. I am sorry."
Avor looked as though he was searching for an argument that would change his father’s mind, and Geoffrey quickly changed the subject.
"You are quite sure no one suspects Electra’s identity?"
"None of Dagon’s men suspect. Of that I am fairly certain. Some of our own men saw Electra and me brought in together as prisoners. They may have guessed. Soon after Dagon questioned us we were separated." Avor looked at the warm berry pie at the end of the table and rubbed his full stomach. "I am sure none of Dagon's men recognized me. It was fortunate we left the horses behind because they would have recognized their insignia. Without the connection to me they would never guess Electra's identity."
"I am afraid it is too late to keep your homecoming a secret, but as long as we receive no demands for ransom, Electra is probably safe. Do you think Dagon’s men might harm her?" King Geoffrey asked in a low voice, glancing at the Queen.
"We were treated better than the other captives because they weren't sure what to make of us. I doubt they believed Electra's soothsayer story, though."
"What a clever girl she must be," Delphinia said. "Was she anxious to meet us?"
Avor's face turned rosy red and he looked out the window. "Assuredly, though her attachment to Serafina was quite strong."
"Serafina. How horrible to die as she did," Delphinia said. "But her story about keeping Electra safe all these years, waiting for us to come to take her home—it makes no sense. I believe she must have lost her sanity. Perhaps she was already ill when she took Electra."
Geoffrey looked doubtful as he listened to Delphinia but seemed disinclined to comment. He patted Delphinia’s hand thoughtfully.
Avor decided not to worry his parents further by telling them of Serafina’s attempts on his life. The woman was dead now and likely she had been insane as his mother believed. He decided to wait as well on telling them Electra’s real reason for coming to Fernland—to accuse the King and Queen of killing her mother. After all, Electra had kept Avor’s identity from Dagon. She must have felt some sort of family loyalty.
Avor smiled at his parents as he basked in the warmth of his homecoming and considered how he might change his father’s mind about allowing him to join the army.

Chapter 23

Kingdom of Fernland 

Serafina was sleeping on the floor wrapped in her black cloak when Take arrived at nightfall. She awoke and sat up abruptly. Her eyes narrowed as she noticed the corner of a small canvass jutting out from a hole in his tunic.
"What news have you?" she asked.
"The talk is all of Prince Avor’s escape from a cave where he was imprisoned along with the soldiers sent to guard the bridge. Dagon and his militia burned the bridge early this morning. It looks as if King Geoffrey plans to draft an army to go and wipe Helsop from the map."
"Any talk of Electra?"
"Nothing specific, but there are rumors that Prince Avor’s absence these many weeks were spent trying to find her. And," he paused dramatically, "that there is some girl among Dagon’s prisoners."
"Where is this cave Avor escaped from?" Serafina asked.
"I don’t know, but they were able to stuff all of Geoffrey’s men and Avor as well into it. Oh, and here’s the best part." Take smiled as he continued. "There were bear cubs in the cave and it was the mother bear that dug them out."
"I see you have brought a gift," Serafina said.
Take’s hand jumped to cover the canvasses concealed in his tunic. His hasty action dislodged one of the little canvasses and it fell to the floor. His face turned red, then defiant.
"You forgot people would ask for tickets when I told them about the play."
"You could have told them admission would be paid at the gate," Serafina said.
"They wanted tickets," Take said stubbornly.
"And what was your plan for the money you collected?"
"Why…to share it with you, of course," he said.
"Of course," Serafina said. She stood up, gathered her belonging into a black bag, and looked outside.
"Are you going out?" Take asked.
Serafina didn’t answer. She pulled her dark cloak around her and left quickly. The cave Take described had been a favorite place for gathering mushrooms when she was a child. It was a long, narrow cave, often used as a den by the black bears that roamed the forest. It seemed a good place to begin her search for Electra.
Serafina made her way quickly in the dark. After sixteen years little had changed in the forest she knew so well. As she neared the cave she changed direction to circle around it.
Someone was speaking softly. She moved closer and listened.
"It's silly, us freezin' our toes off in the dark. Dagon is long gone and ‘is stragglers with 'im."
"Orders is orders, 'Enry."
"You don't 'ave to tell me. It's me life, ain't it? What 'bout that other lot, down at the river next ta their gear? Are they still layin' in wait as well?"
"Far as I know. Orders is they’re ta’ stay put."
"Orders. Right. Don't make it any less silly though."
Serafina backed away silently and headed for the river. When she was close she began to follow a course parallel to the water, watching carefully for any of the King's Guard. She walked gently, testing each step for noise before setting down her foot.
She almost laughed when she heard the sound of snoring up ahead. Approaching cautiously she saw a soldier stretched out under a tree next to the abandoned tents and supplies left by Dagon’s militia. Something in the sound of the snoring aroused her curiosity. She listened for a minute. Something in the rhythm. Then it struck her. The soldier was feigning sleep. She crouched down and waited. An hour went by. Finally the soldier sat up and whispered to the tree above.
"Yer turn, Smitty. It's too cold layin' here."
"It's no picnic up here neither. Just wait another couple a’ hours. As soon as the sun comes up we can leave."
"What about all their gear?"
"We get ta’ split it up among ourselves, 'cepting the crystal ball. That goes to the King."
"Well that's somethin' then. At least we're the closest, we'll get first pick. Don't want no spooky crystal ball noways."
"Bart's got that t'other side a' the clearin' so don't worry about it. Now get back to sleepin'."
"Fat chance in this 'ere bed."
Serafina slipped away quietly to the other side of the clearing. She passed two more sleeping decoys along the way. You would think they would know more than one trick, she mused as she settled to watch and wait.
The sleeping soldier sat up with a jerk. He rubbed his eyes and looked about anxiously. He quickly rolled over and felt under an exposed root. He lifted out the crystal ball, checked it over, then placed it back under the root and lay back down.
Fell into a real sleep, did you? Serafina smiled as she inched her way around to the tree, keeping out of view from above. It took only a second to reach under the root and scoop up the round object. She placed the crystal ball in her bag and turned north. It was a four day journey to Helsop.

Chapter 24

Road to Helsop 

Dagon’s group kept on toward Helsop the first night, moving quickly over well-worn trails and the morning of the second day staying away from trails where Geoffrey’s men might overtake them. It was slow and difficult traveling through the thick foliage. By mid-day they were exhausted. Dagon called a halt and sent Deimos ahead to find a sheltered place to camp. He sent Otto back along the route they had traveled to find out if they were being pursued by Geoffrey’s soldiers.
Dagon checked his own wounded soldiers first. Two had sword cuts that appeared to be infected. One of the prisoners had a broken arm. Electra walked toward Dagon with her arms full of herbs.
"If I had water and a small fire I could treat the infections. I will need help to set the broken arm."
Dagon looked surprised. "You are a healer?" he asked.
"I know something of herbs and their uses," she said.
"Where did you learn this?" he asked. "No, forget I asked. I’ll take you at your word. I do not want to hear more about the mythical land of Amorate. I would be in your debt for whatever help you can give."
Dagon heard rustling in the foliage ahead of them and drew his sword. Deimos came through, smiling, with a deer carcass slung over his shoulders.
"I’ve found a place by a spring up ahead," he said, "and I’ve found lunch as well."
The tired soldiers perked up a bit at the sight of the deer. They got to their feet and walked the last mile to an idyllic spot in the forest. A spring bubbled out of a rocky crevice and spilled into a little pool of clear water. Circling the spring was a flat grassy area perfect for sleeping. Deimos quickly had a small fire going and other soldiers hastened to make a spit from branches to cook the venison.
Electra found a small vessel among their meager stores and was soon brewing herbs for a poultice to fight infection. She and Dagon worked together to straighten and set the broken arm of the frightened prisoner. The meat was cooked and ready to eat when Otto caught up to them.
"I could find no trace of soldiers pursuing us," he said. I circled back to the highway and there were no signs any riders had been through."
"Likely they chose to stay with their plan of setting traps instead," Dagon said. He seemed disappointed that Geoffrey’s soldiers were not in pursuit.
They gathered round their small fire to cut strips of venison from the spit. Before long, with full stomachs and tired bodies, most were sound asleep.
Dagon sat cross-legged, shielding his eyes from the sun and felt the afternoon warmth seeping into his body.
"I had hoped that our taking of the bridge would provoke an action on Geoffrey’s part," he said to Deimos, who lay half-asleep beside him. "We must show Blackwell he needs Helsop’s aid to defend against Geoffrey. It is the only way Blackwell will loosen his tight fist enough to keep Helsop from starvation. It seems the burned bridge was not enough to spur Geoffrey to send his soldiers into battle against us."
"We have eight of his men," Deimos said. "Maybe we’ll see some ransom money from that."
"But he has six more of ours, and I daresay we will miss our six more than he will miss his eight."
"Aye, it’s a bitter pill to return with nothing to show for it," Deimos agreed.
"The fortunes of war," Dagon said. "It might have gone more in our favor. It is better to try something than just sit and starve. At least we’re alive to fight another day."
Dagon saw Electra talking to one of the prisoners. He got up and walked toward her.
"I do not want you conspiring with the enemy," he said.
"Am I then no longer the enemy?" she asked.
"I am not sure what you are," he said, "but a healer is always welcome. Get some sleep while you can. We’ll be traveling through the night again tonight."
He handed her his blanket and waited until she chose a spot close to the spring to lie down. After checking the bonds of the prisoners to make sure they were secure, he sank down into a grassy spot and closed his eyes, instantly asleep.

Chapter 25

Kingdom of Fernland 

The thief sat on the floor of the shack surrounded by his little painted canvasses.
"I should have been an artist," he said, smiling at his creation.
He carefully painted a tiny harem dancer at the top of each ticket. He knew the tickets would sell easily. He would price them according to the clothes his customers wore. Higher prices would be for better seats if anyone questioned his pricing. He scheduled the date of the show for three weeks hence to be sure his getaway bridge would be finished in time for his escape. He hummed a tune as he worked.
"There's a batch done," he said as he rose and donned his dervish costume.
Everything was falling into place. The King had announced that the bridge to the South would be rebuilt within a fortnight. Serafina had left the day before without a word. Take dared to hope he had seen the last of her. The thief hurried along beside the castle wall to the marketplace. He spotted the meat vendor and the meat vendor spotted him.
"Wha 'appened Mate? Ya never come back, did ya?" the vendor said.
"Got run down by the King's Guard, didn't I? Had ta' give me leg a bit of a rest."
"Got me tickets, have ya?"
"That I have and I'm looking forward to that fine bit of beef we agreed to."
The meat vendor sliced off a large chunk of beef as the thief laid two tickets down on the table. The vendor looked at the tickets as the thief bit hungrily into the meat.
"Nice touch that, the 'arem dancer. It don't say where the show's ta' be on the ticket."
The thief almost choked on his beef. What a thing to forget! When he finished coughing he said, "Why, at the castle grounds, of course. Right outside the gate. We'll have banners all over by then and a parade of harem dancers to lead you right to the spot. No worry about that, Mate.” 
The vendor appeared to be mollified by the thief's assurances. "Best go a bit easy on that beef, Mate. Don’t want ya’ chockin’ here at me stand."
The thief sucked in his breath and waved as he fell back in with the market day crowd. He headed toward the toy stand as he finished off his beef. The toy vendor saw him in the crowd and called out loudly. The thief rushed to the toy stand.
"Wha' 'appened,” the vendor cried, "Ya took me paints an' never came back. What're ya pulllin' here?"
"Run down by the King's Guard, I was. I've been this long on the mend. But here I've come with your tickets, haven't I?" The thief plunked down two tickets with a flourish. "And now for the bit of drawing a crowd. Watch this!"
The thief began to whirl, slowly at first, finding his balance. He turned faster, feeling the skirts of his costume flying out around him. People began to stop and watch. He sang out for all to hear.
"Come one and all. Gather round. Here's toys for the children and a stupendous show for your grown up selves. It's the spectacle of a lifetime. See the harem dancers. See the great sheiks. See the mystical rites of the fabled lands of Araby. Never 'afore seen outside the desert kingdoms. See the dances that have driven men insane. One performance only. Come one, come all."
People clapped as he spun and reached into their pockets for coins when he stopped to catch his breath. Within a few minutes the thief had sold all his tickets and cursed himself for not making more.
"Tomorrow," he called. More tickets go on sale tomorrow." He bought more canvasses from the toy vendor and headed back to the stockyards.
As he neared the shack he heard horses approaching from behind. A member of the king's guard drew up beside him and dismounted. The long line of forlorn men behind him stopped as well.
The palace guardsman looked suspiciously at Take’s costume. "What kind of get up is that you’re wearing?" he asked.
The thief began to perspire, hoping he had not been recognized as an escaped prisoner. "An actor, only an actor," he said, trying to recapture some of his former bravado, "Here to do a show. Free tickets for any of the distinguished Royal Guard such as yourself."
The guardsman smiled without warmth and said, "The show's been postponed. You have the honor of serving the King." Holding up his hand, the Guard continued, "You are hereby officially drafted into the army of King Geoffrey to serve in time of crises and imminent threat to his Majesty's kingdom. Fall in line, soldier."
The thief looked past the horses of the King's Guard to the long line of draftees that waited with downcast faces. The guardsman gave him a shove in the direction of the line. "Don't get any ideas of deserting. The penalty for that is death."
The thief stuffed his package of little canvasses into his tunic, and walked quickly to the end of the line.

Chapter 26

Village of Helsop 

Electra woke up to find herself in a bed for the first time in many nights. The whitewashed walls of the room were bare and bright. A cold wind blew in through the open window. She was in Dagon's country of Helsop now. They arrived in the night and she had been left with no explanations in this one room cottage. She knew Dagon appreciated her care of his wounded soldiers. Perhaps the bed was his way of thanking her. The door to the cottage opened and a small dusty face peered in at her.
"You a healer Lady?" the boy asked.
Electra smiled at him. "Are you ill?"
"Me? No." The boy rubbed the bottom of his bare foot against his leg. "Someone else. Will you come with me?"
Electra looked for her clothes, then realized she was still wearing them. She pulled off her bed covers and hugged herself against the cold.
"Who are you?" she asked.
"Timor, son of Olaf."
"Timor. I see. Well, Timor, I am in a strange situation here and I am not sure I can go with you."
"Dagon says I can take you."
"Ah, you know Dagon then."
"Everybody knows Dagon. He's our Headman."
Electra rubbed the sleep from her eyes and splashed a little cold water on her face from a bucket near the bed. She found her grass basket of herbs and potions under the bed.
"Timor, son of Olaf," she said ruffling his hair, "I do not know if I'll be any help but let us go and see."
They walked out into a bright, chilly morning. Electra saw that the little cottage she had been given was one of the best. Signs of poverty surrounded them—children dressed in rags, houses without doors or windows, thin listless old folks staring out from their porches with sad eyes. Starving dogs roamed the streets looking for bits of garbage.
"Who are we going to see?" Electra asked.
"My mother, Isa." Timor hesitated, "And my brother."
Timor led her to a large building with peeling paint and a sign that said 'Clinic.' She followed him inside. Cots lined either side on the rectangular room. All were filled with patients.
"Where's the village healer?" Electra asked.
"He died," Timor said.
Electra followed Timor to a cot where a woman lay next to a newborn baby. She opened her eyes and stared at Electra. "My mother," Timor said.
Electra touched her forehead and felt her fever.
"Timor, you can be my assistant," Electra said as she rummaged through her basket of herbs.
By evening Electra was exhausted. She had done what she could for the patients at the clinic, helping herself to the meager medical supplies in the cupboards. A tired midwife called Inga had joined her mid-morning. She had slept late after helping Timor's mother deliver her baby the night before, but the extra sleep had done nothing to erase the heavy lines around her eyes.
"What did your healer die of?" Electra asked her.
"We could say the ague or the fever, as that’s what finally took him, but more likely overwork, exhaustion, lack of food; I could go on," Inga said.
"What is wrong here?" Electra asked. "Why is there no food, no fuel?"
"You can thank King Geoffrey of Fernland for that. He allows no trade or passage south through his kingdom. We are toolmakers here in Helsop, not farmers. The growing season is too short. Without open trade routes to sell our tools, we go hungry."
"Do you not have allies to the west?"
"Blackwell? He's the cause of Geoffrey's hatred. It's an old hatred that started with Blackwell's father. Old king Blackwell the Elder killed Geoffrey's father and there's been war ever since. And we here in Helsop are caught in the middle, always the battleground, never the victor."
"But Dagon's aligned himself with Blackwell, hasn't he?" Electra asked.
"More like Blackwell's chosen Dagon and the rest of us here in Helsop to do his dirty work, if you ask me. But beggars can't be choosers and it's beggars we've become."
"How does Blackwell's kingdom fare?"
"His Kingdom of Henge joins the sea, giving him access to various traders. His people can buy and sell freely. Helsop cannot. We are blocked on the West by Henge and on the South by King Geoffrey, who will not trade with us at all. Prince Blackwell spends a great deal of money on armaments but because he is our only customer, we cannot bargain. He can name his price for the armaments we provide him, and he chooses to name a miser’s price. I daresay he and his soldiers never go to bed hungry as we in Helsop do."
"Have you tried an alliance with King Geoffrey instead?"
"We would have to give up our shaky alliance with Blackwell before we tried that, and I doubt Geoffrey would deign to talk with us even if we did. He sees all of Helsop as rabble and outlaws."
Electra stared at Inga wishing she could find something hopeful to say. Inga stared back quizzically. "And what of yourself then? I heard you were a prisoner but no one knew whose side you were on for sure."
Electra thought for a moment and answered honestly, "I suppose for now my loyalties are unfettered, but my sympathy is with these poor souls in the clinic. No one should have to live this way. I will come again tomorrow to help if it is allowed."
"We need your help desperately," Inga said.
Electra smiled and left for her little cottage. She walked through the door and caught her breath as she saw the tray of food beside the bed. She sat down and ate, famished. Under the plate was a note that said simply, 'thank you'. Through the window she could see the blue banners that marked the soldiers encampment on the edge of town. No guard or soldier stood near her house. Still, she felt that she was being watched.
"Curious," she said aloud, wondering what would happen if she tried to leave.
After she washed her plate, she stood by her window and stared out into the empty street. Candlelight flickered through the holes and windows of the cottages around her. One figure moved through the village, a dark shape moving in her direction. As the cloaked figure came near, Electra could see she was a woman with a face horribly scarred, probably the result of a burn. Perhaps she was coming for herbs. Then Electra saw beneath the burns to the face she loved.
She flew from the door shouting, "Mother, Mother, you are alive!"

Chapter 27

Village of Helsop 

Dagon sat as his desk reading the latest message from Prince Blackwell.

Headman Dagon
My scouts have informed me of your brief hold on Fernland’s South Bridge. We here at Henge congratulate you. We may have need of additional armaments come spring. Our best to the people of Helsop, as always,
Prince Blackwell

Dagon drummed his fingers on his desk, frowning. As usual Blackwell had managed to inject a criticism within a compliment: "your brief hold". He might as well have said, "Why did you bother to take the bridge if you had no hope of holding it permanently?"
Dagon stood up and walked around the small room. His command post was a bare wooden structure with an iron stove in one corner. The black stove sat empty with its door hanging open even though the room was cold and wind whistled through cracks between the planks of siding. This was early spring in Helsop. What wood they had for fuel would be saved for the cold winter ahead. Dagon looked out the window that faced the village and saw Deimos hurrying his way. Dagon met him at the door.
"What is it?" he asked.
Deimos’s face was red with embarrassment. "I have had the girl watched as you ordered."
"Yes," Dagon urged.
"Her mother arrived sometime last night."
Dagon realized the reason for his friend’s embarrassment. "Sometime last night?" he echoed.
"I don’t know how she slipped through unnoticed. No sentry saw her, no border guard, she just appeared in the village. She's there now, speaking with the girl in the guest cottage. Should we take her prisoner?"
"Double the sentries, this is inexcusable." He thought to himself, perhaps Blackwell is right about us. "I will look into this myself. If this woman is the girl’s mother we may finally learn the truth about the Amorate fairy tale."
Dagon watched the girl and her mother through the open window. The woman looked badly scarred from a burn, but carried herself with nobility. Mother and daughter hugged one another and talked excitedly. He decided to separate them before they could agree on a story.
He threw the door to the cottage open and walked in, frowning.
"Who are you and how did you get past my sentries?"
"Who are you that I should satisfy your rude behavior?" Serafina asked.
"I am Dagon, Headman of Helsop and Commander of its troops. Now I believe it is your turn."
"I am this child's mother and I have come to take her home with me," Serafina said.
"And what of the master she serves?" Dagon asked.
Serafina paused slightly and stopped herself from looking in Electra's direction. "That is finished," she said.
Dagon caught the hesitation. "Please come with me. We will speak about the possibility of her release."
Serafina made no move. "What is there to say? You have no right to keep her. She is not your enemy."
"Come with me. I insist," Dagon said.
As Serafina moved toward him, Electra moved with her.
"Not you," Dagon said, "you stay here."
Serafina put her hand on Electra's shoulder and smiled at her. Electra bit her lip to keep from weeping over Serafina's ruined face and managed a small smile.
"Be ready to leave," Serafina said, "I'll soon be back."
As they walked to the command post Serafina stopped to retie the lace on her shoe. She looked up at Dagon, made a rotating motion with her hand, and said in a soft voice, "Perhaps you should go on without me."
Dagon found himself thinking the same thing. He shook his head to clear her words from his mind and grabbed Serafina by the wrist. "How did you do that?" he said.
She stared back at him with angry eyes and stayed silent.
"Walk in front of me and no more talking until you are asked," Dagon commanded.
At the stockade he found Deimos talking to the men guarding their small group of prisoners from Fernland. Dagon pulled him aside and whispered to him as he kept his eye on Serafina.
"This woman has some knowledge of sorcery. She can turn your mind to her will if she catches you off guard. Shackle her and search her belongings, then bring her to the command post. We need to question her."
Serafina walked through the door to Dagon's headquarters closely followed by Deimos. Her hands were bound together in front of her. Deimos carried the crystal ball.
"We found this crystal ball, jewelry, clothes, packets of herbs, lotions, charms, vials filled with insects and crystals, gold coins, and substances we could not identify."
Dagon looked at the crystal ball with its familiar crack. He had last seen it amongst the gear they had been forced to leave behind in Fernland. "Where did you get this?" he asked.
"I found it south of here in a field by the river."
"You found it?"
"As I said."
"It was not yours. What right had you to take it?"
"It was lost or abandoned. If the owner comes forward I will return it."
"But you know who the owner is, do you not?" Dagon asked.
Serafina looked at Dagon suspiciously. She remained silent.
"Answer my question," Dagon said.
"I know persons who own crystal balls," Serafina said.
"But this one, with a crack and an orange glow," Dagon urged.
"Accidents happen. A crystal ball can be broken," Serafina replied.
Dagon paced back and forth. "Why have you come here?" he asked.
"I came to find my daughter."
"Why?" Dagon persisted.
"Why not?" Serafina said.
"Did you think she was in danger?"
"Perhaps."
"And why was that?"
"I heard of fighting to the north."
"Did you not think she would be safe with King Geoffrey?"
Serafina narrowed her eyes at the mention of King Geoffrey's name but did not reply.
"I require an answer," Dagon said.
"She has no need of King Geoffrey's protection."
Dagon looked puzzled. "But you allowed her to accept his employment."
"Certainly not," Serafina said.
Dagon tilted his head and stared at Serafina, then at Deimos.
"She ran away then?" Dagon asked softly.
"Of course not," Serafina said.
Dagon considered what line of questioning might elicit the truth or at least confirm a lie. He heard footsteps and looked out the open door at a weary, bedraggled soldier rushing toward him.
"Maki, you are safely back. Come, come." He beckoned him forward with a wave of his hand.
"What news from the south?"
Maki looked at Serafina and waited.
"It is all right," Dagon said, "I am sure she knows what's going on in Fernland."
"King Geoffrey is raising an army of retribution. They will march on us within a fortnight. I estimate them to be 5,000 strong."
Dagon frowned and stared at the floor, deep in thought.
"Sir?" Maki asked.
"Yes?" Dagon said, raising his head slowly to face him.
"Will Prince Blackwell send troops in our defense?"
Dagon bowed his head and kept silent.
"So the golden boy is no longer Blackwell's favorite?" Serafina asked.
Dagon turned to her, his eyes flashing anger. "If you hope to live to be rescued by Fernland’s army you’d best watch your tongue."
"I will not be rescued by King Geoffrey," Serafina said, with ice in her voice. "I think you had best be civil to me as I am your only hope of victory." Serafina lifted her bound hands above her head and the rope that held them fell to the ground. She stepped forward and took the crystal ball in her hands.
"How did you free yourself?" Dagon shouted.
"Please!" Serafina said, "No more foolish questions." She looked at Dagon as a mother might look at a rebellious child. "We have work to do."

Chapter 28

Village of Helsop 

Electra stood in the doorway of the guest house, searching the gathering darkness for her mother. What could be taking so long? Surely Dagon would not hold her mother prisoner. A dark figure came into view. Electra held her breath, unsure. Serafina waved and Electra ran out to meet her.
"Mother, I was worried. Will they allow us to leave?"
"They could not keep us, child, if we did not permit it." Serafina's smile was full of a confidence Electra did not feel. "But I have decided to stay until King Geoffrey's defeat is assured." They walked arm in arm back to the guest cottage, settling down on the cot to talk.
Electra tried to compose herself before asking the question most on her mind. "Is it true, Mother, that King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia are my birth parents?"
"Yes, that much is true.
Electra took a deep breath. "And that you stole me from them?"
Serafina gripped the folds of her dress but kept her voice calm. "I rescued you from them," she said. "I found out what Geoffrey was when I was engaged to him. He cares nothing for the feelings of others. He would have married you off to someone like himself to make an advantageous alliance for his Kingdom."
"But the queen, your sister…" Electra said.
"My sister is a fool. She is no better than a servant in King Geoffrey's court."
"But…" Electra seemed at a loss for words. "But why did you keep the truth from me?"
"I would have told you soon. But I would not have encouraged you to seek them out. You see King Geoffrey's work all around you. These people live in misery because of his power mongering."
Electra thought back to her conversation with the nurse, Inga. Perhaps Serafina was telling her the truth, at least the truth as she perceived it. "They have no healer," Electra said, wanting to find reasons to believe her mother. "Many are starving. I've been helping at their infirmary."
"Of course you have," Serafina said. "And I shall help them win a better life with a victory over Geoffrey."
"But what of my brother, Avor? He seems a kind person."
"Then let us hope he will redirect his loyalties." Serafina’s expression showed no hint of softness.
That night Electra felt the comforting warmth of her mother beside her on the small bed, but slept badly and dreamed childish dreams of being chased by monsters. She awoke to find her mother rubbing lotions into a face free of scars. Beside her lay an open scarf heaped with little packets of herbs and potions. When Serafina turned toward Electra, her face shone with an ethereal beauty.
"Mother! Your face! You look beautiful!" Electra exclaimed.
"An illusion and a spell. I am glad you find them effective," Serafina said.
Electra suddenly realized it was the scars that had been the illusion, an artful bit of cosmetic subterfuge. Were they part of a disguise or an attempt to gain sympathy? She wondered what other deceptions Serafina was hiding.
"Mother, I have been thinking on your decision to influence the outcome of this war between Fernland and Helsop. Even though I sympathize with Helsop I feel they have little hope of victory; moreover, it really isn’t our concern. I am sure Dagon would allow us to leave. He is grateful for my help with the sick and wounded."
"As I said before, he could not stop us if that is what we wished to do. Neither can he stop Geoffrey. That is something I must do."
"Your hatred of Geoffrey runs deep," Electra said.
Anger leapt into Serafina's angelic face. She looked at Electra suspiciously. "You have objections?"
“I fear you are putting yourself in danger on his account," Electra said.
"Always take fear out of your decisions," Serafina said. "I will go to Henge and return with troops from Blackwell."
"Then I will go with you," Electra said.
"Not this time, my daughter. I need you here."
With these words Serafina left the cottage and headed west over the mountains to Henge.
Electra left for the clinic, still concerned about how her mother hoped to enlist Blackwell’s aid and whether she was right to attempt it. She also wondered, but was afraid to ask, what bones she had wept over and buried back at their burned out cabin.

Chapter 29

Village of Helsop 

Electra walked into the clinic, preoccupied with thoughts of Serafina. Smiles from her patients finally drew her attention. Many seemed to be improving. She stopped at Isa’s cot. Isa sat holding her new son on her lap. Timor sat beside her inspecting one of the baby’s feet.
"You seem much improved, Isa," Electra said as she gave Timor a brief hug.
"Thanks to you," Isa said. "I will go home today."
"Wonderful. Have you someone to help at home?"
Isa’s expression turned bitter. "My husband Olaf is a prisoner in Geoffrey’s dungeon. He was captured last autumn."
"I am so sorry," Electra said. "Perhaps he could be exchanged for one of the prisoners here."
"Perhaps. Helsop needs both men and money. Whether to exchange or ransom prisoners is always hotly debated."
Isa looked past Electra to the door of the infirmary and her face brightened. "Dagon!" she shouted, "Come and see your new nephew."
Electra moved away as Dagon came forward, waving and greeting other patients along the way.
"Don’t leave," Isa said to Electra, "I want you to hear as well."
"Hear what?" Electra asked.
Dagon nodded briefly at Electra and laughed when he saw the baby. He picked him up and held him at arm’s length. "You have done well, Isa," he said. "This one is a warrior."
"I’m glad you approve of your little namesake," Isa said.
"Namesake? No, you haven’t," Dagon said, his eyes growing wide with surprise.
"I have," Isa said, smiling. "I’ve named him Dagon after his uncle."
Dagon cradled the baby in one arm and lifted Timor up with the other. "What do you think of this, Timor?"
"It’s a good name," Timor said.
"Then I suppose you are stuck with it," he said to the baby.
Dagon looked at Electra and said, "Thank you for taking care of my sister. We are much in your debt."
"I did not know Isa was your sister," Electra said.
"And there is still much we do not know about you," he said, "although meeting your mother explains your knowledge of herbs." 
"This is true," Isa said. "We don’t even know your name."
"You may call me El if you wish," Electra said.
"And would El be your name?" Dagon asked.
"More or less," Electra answered.
"El then, here is progress. El…" he hesitated. “I wonder if I might speak with you concerning your mother."
Electra saw Isa and Timor listening intently. "Perhaps we could speak in the chart room," she said.
Dagon followed Electra to the small cluttered room at the far end of the clinic where medical supplies and charts were kept. They sat in wooden chairs on either side of a battered wooden table.
"You have served my family and my soldiers well," Dagon began. "I hoped I might return the favor by relaying concerns I have for your mother."
"What concerns?" Electra asked.
"She seems a formidable sorceress, well versed in the magic arts. She very nearly bent my thoughts to her will. But she has some plan of working her magic on Blackwell that I fear may be foolhardy. She spent the day yesterday gazing into the crystal ball that she somehow found and rescued from Geoffrey’s soldiers. She says she will find the flaw in Blackwell’s character that will allow her to coerce him. That sounds a bit grandiose even for a sorceress. I thought you might like to know her thinking. Perhaps her recent accident has affected her sanity. The scars would indicate a powerful wound."
"Her scars seemed much improved this morning," Electra said. "But why are you concerned when her plan seeks to insure Helsop’s victory?"
Dagon stood up. "I was only trying to repay your help. I thought you might want to dissuade her from this folly."
"Then you think she has no chance of succeeding?"
"I doubt it. The trip alone over the mountains might kill her."
"She left this morning for Henge," Electra said.
"What!" Dagon jumped up, his voice angry. "You did not try to stop her?" 
Electra frowned at Dagon. "I did try to stop her, but not for the reasons you suggest. My mother is a powerful woman. She is capable of doing what she seeks to do and more. Why she is so bent on helping you is my chief concern."
"I admit she has honed her skills in the black arts, but Blackwell is not some weak-willed ninny. If she tries a spell on him she may well end up in his dungeon." Dagon stopped abruptly. This was not going the way he had intended. "But I am sure it would not come to that. I will send someone after her, she can’t have gotten far. We could surely devise a better plan."
"I thank you for your concern," Electra said, though her voice was stiff. "My understanding is that Geoffrey has raised an army and will most certainly attack Helsop. Do you think Blackwell will come to your aid without my mother’s interference?" 
"I think it is possible," Dagon said. "I believe that is Helsop’s best hope for survival."
"Then your real fear is that my mother may upset that possibility?"
Dagon looked away from Electra’s eyes. "Perhaps, if Blackwell believes I have sent her to influence him." He turned his gaze back to Electra. "I did not know she had already gone when I asked to speak with you."
"Yes," Electra said more softly, "I know."
"I will send men to fetch her. It could be dangerous for her as well as for Helsop."
"I agree about the danger, but you might save your men the trouble. They will not find her. The next you see of her she will likely be returning with Blackwell’s army at her heels."
"Despite your confidence, you do not seem overjoyed at the prospect. Do your loyalties lie with King Geoffrey?"
"I have no love of war, whoever emerges the victor," Electra said. "I would rather my mother felt as I do."
"I will try to bring her back, just the same," Dagon stated.

Chapter 30

Kingdom of Helsop 

Avor grabbed his bow and ran to meet Corporal Lance at the King’s private archery range. Avor had seen the corporal practicing after hours at the range behind the army barracks and had stopped to reminisce with him about their adventure in the bear cave. "Meet me at the King’s Archery Field and we’ll practice together," Avor had said. "It is a better field."
Since then, Avor and Lance practiced together whenever both were free of other duties. Lance waved when he saw Avor coming. He fitted an arrow into his bow and aimed carefully at the target painted on a hay bale fifty feet away. He bent his strong bow and let fly. The arrow whistled through the air to puncture the target’s inner ring. 
"Not bad," Avor said, as he plucked an arrow from the pile.
"I would like to qualify for the Archer’s Wing of the Guard before the army moves out," Lance said, "but I don’t know if I’ll have time. Word has it we’ll soon be on the march."
"I’ve heard the same rumors," Avor said, "though not from my father. He always stops talking about the campaign when I am nearby."
"He’s still not keen on you going, then," said Lance.
"I’ve stopped asking," Avor said. "I’ve got a different plan now."
Lance looked at Avor suspiciously. "What kind of plan? I know it’s rough being left behind and all, but your dad’s the king! You can’t cross him."
"He wants me to go. It is just my mother. She worries too much. I’ll bet your own mother would stop you from going if she could," Avor said.
Lance laughed heartily. "You’re right there. If my ma was queen you can bet I’d be some kind of do nothing advisor, uh, no insult intended."
"None taken," Avor said.
"So what’s your plan then?"
"My plan is to stop my mother from worrying."
Lance looked confused. "Well, good luck with that then."
When Avor left the archery range he walked back to the castle by way of the royal stables. He peered in to see that most of the horses were out for exercise and no grooms were in sight. He gave a carrot to his horse, Sassafras and brushed her down. Then he took the bucket of dye he had left hidden at the back of her stall and began to paint brown splotches on her white coat. When he was finished he moved her to a stall in the adjoining barn. He didn’t want anyone noticing his horse was still there while he was gone. He hated leaving Sassafras behind, but he could hardly infiltrate his father’s army disguised as a lowly recruit while mounted on a horse like an officer.
He checked the tackle room to make sure his pilfered army tunic was still hidden on the top shelf along with the letter for his mother. He opened the letter and reread it.

Dear Mother,
Father has given me permission to observe the rebuilding of the South Bridge to further educate me in engineering techniques. I am sorry there was no time to say goodbye this morning but he wanted me to go along with the soldiers assigned to guard the bridge and they are leaving quite early this morning. I feel this is a wonderful opportunity for me and I do not want to miss it. I may be gone for several days, so please know that I am in good hands. I will return soon, much the wiser. Love, Avor

Avor decided the letter should allay his mother’s fears for his safety. He replaced the items on the shelf. He was quite sure the army’s march on Helsop was imminent, most likely they would leave on the morrow at dawn. He added a bottle of yellow dye to his stash of items. No one would recognize the blonde recruit. He was ready.

Chapter 31

Kingdom of Fernland 

Take the Thief lay dreaming; Harem dancers twirled seductively around his couch, beckoning with their hands, calling him to come and join them in their dance. A flute played in the background, but it sounded too loud, out of rhythm, too familiar, not really like a flute at all.
As he awakened to the sound of the morning bugle, the thief pulled his blankets over his head. Today would likely be a repeat of the last few days. It was all too much—the  marching, the saluting, the mock battles. I must find a way to escape, he thought, as he tried to slip back into his dream.
The noise of soldiers waking close to him brought him back to reality. They slept on blankets on the ground, just outside the castle walls, more recruits every day as the Royal Guard sought out and swore in every likely candidate they could find. Take kept his eyes open for ways to escape. With all the new recruits he thought today might be the day. If he could slip away unnoticed, paint the remainder of his tickets and sell them in the marketplace, he could stay out of sight until the bridge was finished, then head south with money in his pockets. There was too much confusion for those in charge to waste time looking for one missing soldier. He would wait for a distraction, and hide until he could find a way to slip back unnoticed through the castle gate. That was the plan, anyway.
"That was the bugle, ya' toadies, not some dream like ya' was hopin'," the sergeant bellowed. “The lot 'a youse got a date with 'is Majesty this mornin' so ya'd best be up spittin' and polishin' fer all yer worth. That means dervishes too." The sergeant pulled the cover off the thief's body and hurled it back at his head.
The drafted recruits rolled off their blankets muttering and cursing quietly as they hurried to dress and join the other soldiers for morning inspection.
"What ya' thinkin' it means, the King hisself comin' to 'ave a look?" the recruit next to the thief asked.
"It would break a long record if it were anything good," Take said.
"Aye, it would that," the man said as he rubbed his boot with a sleeve.
They stood shivering in their line-up, at attention, for over an hour before they heard the trumpet fanfare announcing the King's arrival. King Geoffrey rode into view surrounded by his personal guards. He signaled for them to halt and rode alone past the line of recruits, looking them over carefully. He returned to the center of the line and faced them.
"Today we march in defense of our kingdom," he shouted.
The recruits looked from side to side without moving their heads.
"We will rain terror on Dagon and his band of outlaws," the king continued.
The recruits shifted their weight imperceptibly from foot to foot.
"We will show him he cannot invade our land, burn our bridge and kidnap our soldiers. We will make them pay for his villainy."
The recruits cast worried glances at their king.
The King's Guard shouted enthusiastically and waved their weapons. The captains of the recruits shouted and waved their swords in a menacing way at the recruits. The recruits took the hint and shouted as well.
"Good men," the King shouted. "Captains, marshal your troops."
The trumpeters played a long fanfare ending in a charge and the army was on its way north.
Take the Thief could hardly believe this terrible turn of events. He stood immobile for a second and was pushed into movement by the soldier behind him. His sergeant eyed him suspiciously as he shouted out, "Pick up the pace, Toadies."

Chapter 32

Castle at Henge 

Inside his castle overlooking the busy harbor of Henge City, Prince Blackwell sat quietly at his desk with his arms folded in front of him as his father, Phinneas Blackwell the Elder, spoke.
"King Geoffrey's on the move. Our scouts have confirmed it. He's going after Dagon. We can be there at Helsop to meet him. We can retake the hill land between Helsop and the northern forest if we’re lucky. This is our chance to get even, to take down that upstart Geoffrey. I can feel it. I tell you there's nothing so sweet as revenge." He thumped his wooden leg on the floor for emphasis.
"And tell me again, Father, why should I care about your ancient feud with Geoffrey?"
Blackwell's father banged his cane on top of his son’s desk. "Because I'm your father," he shouted. "Because my fight is your fight. Because I've waited and waited and now it's time. He defeated me, us, all of Henge, when I was your age. He was young, insignificant, like Dagon. It should not have happened. He took what was mine and I will have it back!" The old king struggled to his feet and jabbed the air with his cane, stopping inches from his son’s nose.
Prince Blackwell sat unmoved by his father’s display. "But it is me that has to get it back for you and I do not believe it is worth the risk. I cannot justify putting my army in jeopardy to satisfy your lust for revenge. What is the hill land to us? If we took it back, Helsop would soon spread out over the hill land, with farms and livestock. Better to let Geoffrey keep Dagon and his lot in Helsop at bay. Dagon has already become too independent for my liking. If they have their own source of meat and grain, our source of low cost armaments is compromised. Do you not see they will no longer be as compelled to sell to us? And, it follows that without their inexpensive armaments our army is not as well equipped as it would otherwise be."
His father pounded the desk with his cane. "You would have no army without me, no land, no title, nothing. What kind of empty clothes are you? You could not be my son. Lucky your mother is dead or I would have her locked up for bearing me some cleric's child."
"Calm yourself, Father; I have reservations about your plan. I would be empty clothes indeed if I allowed you to do my thinking for me."
His father sat down again, tapping his cane angrily as he considered how best to win his argument.
Prince Blackwell stood and looked out his window at the grounds that surrounded his castle. He watched a carriage roll up to the gate. He caught a glimpse of the lady inside as she leaned out to speak to the gatekeeper. She was quite beautiful with raven black hair and creamy white skin. She handed the gatekeeper a red envelope, then spoke to the carriage driver who quickly snapped the reins and drove the carriage away.
Blackwell found the scene intriguing. He wanted to call out, to stop the carriage, to find out more about the dark-haired beauty inside. Reluctantly, he turned his attention back to his father's insistent voice.
"We may never have this opportunity again. Geoffrey acts in haste for once; he is the reckless one in his lust for revenge against Dagon for daring to burn his bridge. I don’t know why he is acting so precipitously. He seems not to see beyond Dagon and Helsop. The bulk of his troops are still untrained recruits. It is unlike him to be so rash. We must take advantage. Think of it--a foothold in Geoffrey's kingdom. The next step could be the northern forest."
"Are you not seeing eggs and counting chicks?" Prince Blackwell asked.
His father glowered at him. "I have thought this through. The eggs are real and with our help they will hatch. Geoffrey will make a quick raid that will finish off Dagon, but Geoffrey will take losses. Dagon is not stupid and he will fight with all he has. Geoffrey will be weakened and we can swoop in to defeat him before he can retreat. He will flee with what’s left of his army and we will move in to establish our own outpost in the hill land."
Blackwell saw the red envelope in the hand of the servant who stood nervously in the doorway. "What is it?" he asked.
"I'm so sorry to interrupt, Sire," the servant said. "The gatekeeper said this note may be important but he has no way of knowing for sure."
"Bring it in, then," Prince Blackwell said, feeling strangely excited. He opened the red envelope and read the brief note inside. It said simply, "I have information that may bear on your decision." It was unsigned.
"Who left this?" Prince Blackwell demanded.
"A lady in a carriage," the servant said.
Prince Blackwell looked at him curiously. "What was her name?"
"I don't know," the servant said. "She told the gatekeeper she could be reached at the Seafarer's Inn."
"Bring her here at once," Blackwell said.
"What nuisance is this?" his father asked. "We are having an important conference here. What is that note?"
"I will let you know if this note is of any concern after I speak to its author. I have heard your views, Father, and I understand your position. Our discussion is completed." 
Blackwell waited for his father to leave. His father sat stubbornly in his chair, ready to continue his argument. Prince Blackwell sighed, bowed to his father and walked to the door of his meeting room, motioning to his servant.
"When the lady arrives I will meet with her in the garden room." He looked back briefly. "Good day to you Father," he said, and strode purposefully out of the room.

Chapter 33

Castle at Henge 

Blackwell stopped at his dressing room on his way to the garden room. His servant helped him change from his morning clothes to the silver, fur-trimmed robe he wore to receive dignitaries. He checked his appearance in the mirror. His hair was still dark and his face unlined for all his thirty nine years. He walked along the corridor with his servant close behind. On an impulse he stopped and turned. His servant almost lost his balance, stopping quickly to avoid a collision. Blackwell seemed not to notice.
"We will have tea," he said.
In the garden room Blackwell sat in a little alcove flanked on either side by large pots of red roses in bloom. The glassed-in room was warm and filled with the fragrance of tropical plants. Bananas and mangos hung from the branches of trees growing out of large earthen ware pots. It was Prince Blackwell’s favorite room.
He watched from the window for his carriage to arrive. Finally he saw it coming through the gate, bearing the mysterious note writer. She wore a red gown and rubies around her neck that caught the sun as she walked gracefully toward the castle. Blackwell thought her quite beautiful.
"The lady has arrived, Sire," his servant announced.
"Has she identified herself?" Blackwell asked.
"No, Sire, she has not."
Blackwell rested his chin on his folded hand, a puzzled expression on his face. "Show her in. Hold off on the tea until I give you a sign."
The servant bowed as he left to usher in Serafina.
"M'Lady, His Royal Highness, Prince Blackwell,” the servant bellowed. "Sire, ah… M'Lady." He bowed and started backwards toward the door.
Blackwell stood and indicated a chair opposite him. "Will you sit, M'Lady?"
Serafina sat on the chair he indicated, settling her satin gown around her. "Thank you," she said.
"I do not believe we have met," Prince Blackwell said cordially. "You are…?"
"A spy," Serafina said, smiling.
Blackwell noted how the smile added to her beauty. "I see." He saw his servant hovering nervously in the doorway. He held up his hand casually to stop the servant from running to fetch the guards. "And in your note you alluded to a decision.  What decision is it that concerns you?"
"Your decision as to whether or not you will send your army to Dagon’s aid," Serafina said.
At this Blackwell's demeanor changed. He sat up straight, unsmiling. "I believe the time for games has ended.  Please tell me who you are and why you have imposed on my hospitality."
"I have told you the role I play, that of spy. I have information that is vital to your decision. Dagon will win with or without your help. It would be best for you to be on the winning side."
"I am overwhelmed by your audacity, M'Lady, and by your naiveté. I can only guess that you are some member of Dagon's family, sent to beguile me. I fear you have wasted your time and mine." Blackwell stood up to end the interview.
Serafina looked steadily into Blackwell's eyes. Very softly, so softly Blackwell leaned forward to hear, Serafina said, "Dagon holds King Geoffrey's daughter, Princess Electra, prisoner. King Geoffrey will surrender to have her back unharmed. Dagon will be able to extract any price he wishes. Dagon and Helsop will soon be very rich indeed."
Blackwell sat back down, continuing to stare at Serafina. He had heard the story of Princess Electra, kidnapped from her cradle. He knew there had been rumors lately.
"I might be more inclined to believe such a fanciful tale if you were more forthcoming with your identity," Blackwell urged.
"I am called Mother by the Princess Electra. She has been with me since infancy."
Blackwell was stunned. "You kidnapped her?"
"Certainly not," Serafina said, "A thief kidnapped her. I believe he has recently escaped from Geoffrey's dungeon."
Blackwell searched his memory. It seemed there was some rumor of a thief causing a stir in King Geoffrey’s court with information concerning the Princess Electra’s disappearance. "Did you know she was the Princess Electra?"
"Yes," Serafina said. "I am no friend to King Geoffrey."
"But surely…" Blackwell had so many questions he could not decide where to begin.
"I have said what I came to say," Serafina stated. "I must return to Electra."
"Wait," Blackwell said. "I have more questions. Why should I believe such a fantastic story?"
"You may believe or not, as you wish. I must go."
"I could take you prisoner. You said yourself you are a spy."
"That course of action would not encourage my co-operation."
"Will you stay as my guest then? Will you have tea?"
"I would enjoy that," Serafina said, smiling. "But I must not delay. Geoffrey's army is on the move."
Blackwell tried to organize his thoughts. "I need more time. I need to verify your story."
"I, too, wish for the luxury of time," Serafina said.  She lowered her voice to a whisper. "But even now it slips away.  Time slips away.”
Blackwell felt paralyzed by indecision. As Serafina walked to the door he spoke in a voice that sounded foreign to his own ears. "I will ready my army. Fates help you if you are lying."
"As you wish, M'Lord," Serafina said. "I leave within the hour."

Chapter 34

The Road to Helsop 

Under a cold starry sky, Take the Thief fought off sleep as he planned anew his escape from King Geoffrey’s army.
"Er ye still awake, Mate?" the soldier lying next to him asked.
"A bit," Take answered.
"Did you leave a lass behind, then?"
"No, just a softer bed out of the cold."
"An look at meself, married only a fortnight. I'd sure like bein' back in me own bed now, curse this uprisin' an’ aren’t it always us poor folk take the brunt of it when a king gets an itch ta’ fight?  Am I right?"
"Right as rain," Take said, watching as a dark rain cloud edged past the quarter moon.
"Are ya’ new to solderin' or 'ave ya’ seen battle afore?"
"Very new, and I'm not what you'd call enthusiastic," the thief said.
The recruit rolled closer to the thief and began to whisper. "I'll tell ya true, Mate, if I thought I'd make it past the guards, I'd be on my way home to my Angie. Do ya think they'd see I was gone?"
"I think they'd just count us among the dead if they did notice."
"Us?" the man whispered.
"I admit, I'm having thoughts along the same lines."
"Tom's the name," the soldier said.
"Call me Take," the thief said.
The two draftees shook hands.
"Tonight then?" Take whispered.
Tom was quiet for a moment, thinking. "Let's wait a while an’ see if the fates be on our side with a bit more a that cloud cover."
Hours later, as damp mist settled over the sleeping soldiers, the two men crawled out of their blankets. They crouched low to the ground, moving quietly to the southern edge of the encampment. Neither spoke or hardly dared to breathe as they neared the guard post. They saw one guard looking south with his back toward them. He stood awhile, then walked to his left until he could see the next sentry on duty, waved to the soldier and walked back to the right.
Take and Tom slithered crab-wise to the left, halfway to the next sentry, took a deep breath and continued to crawl south. After a few hundred yards the two men stood up and looked around fearfully.
"I think we made it out," Tom whispered.
Take smiled in the dark. "If I'd known it was that easy, I'd of done it sooner."
The two men found the road and walked along slowly, feeling their way in the dark.
"Won't my Angie be jumpin' up and down to see me. That King's Guard just took me off the street, they did. Never even got to say me goodbyes. The same fer you, Take? No goodbyes?"
"The same, but in my case I'd no one to take leave of."
"Not even where ya’ was stayin'?"
"I'll be looking for new lodging now. I'm sort of between situations as it were."
"Then ya' make yerself ta' home with Angie an' me till y’a get on somewheres," Tom said.
The thief was moved by Tom's act of generosity and mulled it over in his mind. It could solve some problems but perhaps create others.
"I'll think on it, Tom, but truly, thanks."
They were both relaxed and in good humor, walking briskly along the dark road, as they stepped into the net. It snapped tight around them and flung them up among the branches of a large maple tree. As they hung suspended in air, they heard the voices shouting below.
"Look alive, we've caught something. Careful now in case it be a bear or some big cat. Let 'er down slow."
The thief and Tom were blinded by the glare of torches as their captors peered into the net.
"Well, if it isn't two 'a the King's finest. Out for a stroll were ya'?"
As their eyes adjusted, the two netted soldiers could make out the rag tag blue uniforms of Helsop's militia.
"Deserters from the army, I'll wager," the militia soldier said. "I'd be tempted to let you go, but I can't take the chance you might be spies. It looks like you'll be comin' with us to Helsop for the time being. Be better for ya' anyway. It'd likely go worse for the both a' you if the King was ta' get you back."
"Should have seen it coming," Take muttered as the soldiers tied their hands and led them away.

Chapter 35

Village of Helsop 

Serafina urged her horse up the ridge to the summit of the hills that marked Helsop's western border. From here she could look down on the plateau of Helsop. She could see the whole village, the tents around the command post and the rows of small houses backed up against the river that ran out from Helsop’s glacier, visible in the distance as a shimmering white mountain. Below, gathered at the edge of the sloping plateau, was Fernland’s army, a sea of red tunics with red and gold dragon pennants flying.
A few hours behind her, Prince Blackwell’s army moved quickly in a tight formation. Their black and silver uniforms stood out against the spring green of the hills. Before them rode their flag-bearers, carrying the black flags with crossed silver swords. A cloud of dust followed in the army’s wake. It would be close, but if Geoffrey delayed his attack, Prince Blackwell should arrive in time. She supposed Geoffrey would attempt a parley to barter Electra’s return. With Blackwell and Dagon as her allies, Serafina would be able to influence the terms of surrender.
She considered how she might use Prince Blackwell's good will. He was a capable, deliberate man. He was not easily swayed and he did not like impulsive decisions. Her time spent in study with the crystal ball had served her well. She saw that Blackwell feared Dagon’s rise to prominence. Blackwell wanted to keep Helsop dependent on Henge for their survival. He needed a buffer against Fernland. He thought Dagon too ambitious for his liking. This proved to be the key that Serafina needed to put Prince Blackwell’s army in motion.
Since meeting Blackwell, Serafina had added to her arsenal of knowledge about his personal traits. He was a man who loved harmony and beauty. Luckily, Serafina had taken pains to appear both beautiful and graceful. She was quite sure Blackwell was smitten with her. She mulled this over and decided he might be very useful indeed. Great power shifts lay ahead and with them great opportunities for both herself and Electra. She smiled as she snapped the reins and began her descent into Helsop.
She rode directly to the command post headquarters. A guard barred her way into Dagon's headquarters.
"I must speak to Dagon at once," she said. "Blackwell's army comes on my heels."
The guard's jaw dropped in surprise. He opened the door to the command post and stepped inside. Serafina saw Dagon and Deimos interrogating two prisoners. One of them was Take the Thief.
"This woman says Blackwell’s army comes on her heels," the guard said.
All four men looked up in surprise. Take the Thief saw Serafina and quickly turned his face away. Serafina paid no attention to him.
"Escort these prisoners back to the stockade," Dagon said.
The guard led Take and Tom away and Deimos took the guard’s place at the door.
"Is this true?" Dagon asked.
"You seem surprised," Serafina said. "I told you of my intentions."
"What could you possibly have told him to change his mind?"
"I told him the truth," Serafina said.
"If you are telling me the truth now, I will not only give you and your daughter your freedom, but safe passage home and Helsop's undying gratitude."
"Your victory over Geoffrey will suffice," Serafina said. "If there is to be a parley, I will need to be present. Prince Blackwell insists on this. You will find me with my daughter."
She heard Dagon summoning his officers as she left the command post.

Chapter 36

Village of Helsop 

Electra stood beside a pot of herbs outside the infirmary. She stirred the pot as she watched a woman prepare her father and her son for battle. The boy, in his early teens, looked eager and excited. His mother strapped a dented washboard to his chest. She handed him a kitchen knife secured to the end of a broomstick. She wrapped a cloth around some pieces of metal held against her father’s chest, then tied the cloth in place with twine. Her father told her not to worry, he would look after the boy. The woman said nothing, her troubled eyes followed the pair as they walked off toward the command post to join the bulk of Helsop’s militia.
Electra began to ladle her steeped herbal mixture into various vessels she had found in the infirmary. She wiped her hands on her dress, the same dress she had worn since being captured so many days ago. Electra looked at the disheveled, despairing woman who still watched her son and father walking away, and realized that she, herself, probably looked much the same. Electra glanced down at the stained dress that now fit too loosely on her body. She felt bedraggled and of little use in the face of Helsop’s desperate situation.
The infirmary door opened behind her and turning, she saw Serafina, radiant with beauty. She ran to hug her mother.
"Tell me everything," Electra begged. "Did you meet with this Prince Blackwell of Henge?"
"I did, and the meeting went as planned. All is arranged and in play," Serafina stated, sounding confident. "Dagon and Blackwell will prevail, one way or another. Geoffrey will taste defeat. And," she paused, "you and I will be pivotal in great shifts of power. We have choices to make. Shall we be observers to these events or shall we be participants?"
"You mean we should choose sides and take part in the fighting?" Electra asked.
Serafina shook her head. "No, no, no." She breathed deeply. "We must ask why fate has brought us to this time and place." She paused again to allow Electra time to contemplate this question before she continued. "Let us examine some possible scenarios: Blackwell fancies me. We could rule with him in Henge. Or, another possibility: Dagon promises us Helsop's undying gratitude. We could wield great influence here. But consider this third possibility carefully: Geoffrey will be defeated and vulnerable. By your birthright and with the double blessing of Dagon and Blackwell you could assume the throne of Geoffrey's kingdom."
"By birthright," Electra said slowly. "You are telling me that I should acknowledge King Geoffrey as my father?"
"Your royal status is a fact and does not need acknowledgment. Do not allow yourself to be distracted." Serafina stopped and changed her look of impatience to a smile. She began to speak slowly. "Think of the opportunities here. They may never come again. It is a time for weighty decisions."
"Could we not go back to our old life, free from wars and politics?" Electra asked.
"Not without risk. You have value now to all sides for ransom or political gain. But we could try if that is what you aspire to."
Electra felt sick at heart. She could see that Serafina expected her to seek a position of power. Was she defective in some way to be so devoid of ambition? She tried to consider the possibilities that Serafina presented but she could not. Some tiny spark of defiance rose from deep within her, fanned to flame by hurt and anger. These are not my only alternatives. I have no stake in this struggle for power and dominance, she thought.
"Why did you lead me to believe you were dead?" Electra demanded. "My grief robbed me of the vitality you seem to expect. Why did you continue to garner sympathy with fabricated scars on your face? Why did you keep the truth of my birth from me for so long? I will not be pushed in a direction of your choosing. Perhaps it is you who must decide why fate has brought you to this time and place, not I."
Serafina stood rigid with surprise for a second, then she smiled. "Well said, my daughter. I will leave you now to your own decision." Serafina turned toward the door.
"Mother, do not go." Electra's heart beat wildly within her chest. Her lower lip began to tremble and she fought back the tears that welled at the corners of her eyes.
Serafina looked back at Electra and said gently. "Do not abandon you defiance. Follow your instincts. I have taught you well. Send me word of your decision. I will await word in Blackwell’s camp."
Electra saw a hint of moisture gather in her mother’s eyes. Serafina turned and rushed through the infirmary door.
Electra sat down on a rock beside her pot of herbs and wept uncontrollably. Above the ragged sound of her sobbing came a shout from the infirmary.
"The battle is joined. Geoffrey's archers are advancing. Make ready for our wounded."

Chapter 37

Village of Helsop 

Prince Blackwell rode at the head of his army, his mount a sleek black stallion with silver ribbons braided into his mane. His saddle was polished black leather with silver trim. An ornate carriage, painted a glossy black with silver trim, kept pace beside him. Inside the carriage sat his father, Phinneas Blackwell the Elder. The elder Blackwell periodically stuck his head out the carriage window, checking on their progress and gesturing excitedly.
They were close to the summit of the last hill before Helsop. From that summit they would be able to see the Helsop plateau. Two riders wearing black uniforms with silver trim came riding over the hill in front of them.
"Finally," Prince Blackwell said aloud.
Before leaving Henge, he had sent the two men ahead with orders to follow the mysterious woman who claimed she had reared the Princess Electra as her own daughter. He was anxious to hear their report on her activities since leaving Henge. He held up his arm and the whole army slowed to a halt.
As the riders drew close, his father climbed down from his carriage, waving off his driver’s attempts to help him.
"What is it?" the elder Blackwell demanded. "Why are we stopping?"
Prince Blackwell ignored his father and turned his attention to the scouts.
"What have you learned?" he asked.
"The woman went first to Dagon and then to speak to a girl making herbal medicines for the infirmary. The woman told Dagon that Henge was sending its army to fight beside Helsop. Because of this we were welcomed as allies in the village."
"What did you learn of the girl in the infirmary?" Prince Blackwell asked.
"She came as a prisoner, captured in Fernland, then began work as a healer. Some call her El. All there believe the woman to be her mother. They say the woman was scarred when she first appeared in the village, and she is thought to be a sorceress."
"Where is the woman now?" the Prince asked.
"We followed her out of the village just as the battle began, but we lost her in the hills."
"What?" Blackwell said, clutching his reins tightly.
"I’m sorry, Your Highness. I don’t know how we could have lost her."
"Not that, you fool," Prince Blackwell said. "You say the battle has begun?"
"Yes, Sire, King Geoffrey’s archers advanced and let go the first volley as we followed the woman out of the village."
"What is all this talk of women?" Blackwell’s father shouted up to the three on horseback. "The battle has begun. We need to move forward at full speed."
"We need to return to Henge," Prince Blackwell said, "We have been deceived."
"Have you lost your senses?" his father shouted.
"Father, it is too complicated to explain here," the Prince said. "There was to be no battle. We are here for political advantage only. King Geoffrey will make short work of Helsop’s militia. It is not our fight."
His father looked at him with eyes full of fury. "I will kill myself before I retreat again from Geoffrey.”  He pulled a short knife from its holster, plunged it into his tunic and collapsed.
Blackwell jumped from his horse, picked his father up from where he had fallen and placed him in the carriage yelling, "Get a medic, quickly."
He laid the old man on the seat of the carriage, and gently pulled up his father's tunic to see the wound. His father opened one eye and fingered the stone he had picked up when he had dropped to the ground. He freed his shoulder from the back of the carriage seat and brought the stone down forcefully on his son’s head. Prince Blackwell slumped to the floor of the carriage.
Blackwell the elder pushed his son aside and scrambled out of the carriage. As the medics approached he waved them in his son’s direction.
"He has been poisoned," he said. "Take care of him."
Phinneas Blackwell stumped back to the two scouts.
"Go at once and find the woman," he said. "My son will have your heads if you do not find her." The two scouts left at once. Blackwell the Elder waved the generals forward.
"My son has been poisoned. The poison was hidden in a letter sent from King Geoffrey, carried by those two scouts who just rode off to warn Dagon against opening any missives from Geoffrey. We will attack at once.” He thrust his arm toward the sky. “Long live Prince Blackwell!"
The generals ordered the trumpets to sound the charge as the army of Henge surged forward at a gallop.

Chapter 38

Village of Helsop 

Dagon watched as Fernland’s archers advanced, relieved that the remainder of Geoffrey’s army hung back. Dagon's militia was less than a tenth the size of Geoffrey's army and many were old men and teen-aged boys. They would fight to protect their homes and families but without Blackwell's aid there was little hope of victory. Their best armaments had long since been traded for food.
At Dagon’s order the soldiers had stripped some of their houses of boards to use as shields. These boards had been given to the soldiers on horseback. They formed into a long line, each pair of horsed soldiers carrying a board between them to use as a sweeping ram. From a distance their scraps of boards looked like a broken wooden barricade.
The first volley of arrows came up short. The few that found their marks had slowed enough to do little damage. Dagon gave the order to those on horseback to stand ready. At his signal, all along the front line, the soldiers hoisted their boards and moved down the knoll as a solid wall gaining speed as they overtook the line of Geoffrey's archers. The archers were bowled over; many knocked unconscious or worse. Most of their bows were too damaged to be of use. Those archers who were able quickly retreated.
Dagon's men rode back up the knoll cheering wildly. They circled and readied for another charge.
"No," Dagon yelled. He rode in front of the line standing tall on his stirrups, shouting orders.
"All those on horseback, follow me. Leave your boards for those on foot. All you on foot kneel behind your boards. You are Helsop’s last line of defense."
The very young and the very old moved in as the cavalry rode off. Grandfathers and young boys began to arrange their boards in front of them.
Dagon turned east toward the trees and signaled his cavalry to follow. They raced to the cover of the forest on the eastern edge of Fernland’s army. Hidden from view, the cavalry rode to a thicket of trees and retrieved the torches Dagon had stashed there that morning. As soon as the torches were lit they rode to the edge of the plain, setting the grass afire. The grass was too damp to burn readily and the result was a smoky battlefield that left both sides chocking and straining to see. Fernland’s conscripts were sent out with blankets to smother the fire while Dagon watched anxiously for Blackwell’s army to arrive.
As the smoke began to clear Dagon glanced toward Helsop and saw his soldiers pointing south towards Geoffrey’s command tent. He looked back and realized a parley flag had been raised, calling for a temporary truce to negotiate demands. Then he heard the trumpets off to the west. Either Blackwell didn’t see the parley flag or chose to disregard it. Henge’s army never slowed their charge as they plowed into the unprotected western flank of Geoffrey’s army.

Chapter 39

Village of Helsop 

Blackwell regained consciousness. He sat up too quickly and a dizzy, throbbing pain in his head almost overwhelmed him. He steadied his head with his hands and opened his eyes carefully.
There she sat, staring and smiling at him, the beautiful woman who had deceived him.
"Are you feeling better M'Lord?"
"Guards!" he called in a weak voice.
"I am afraid they will not hear you. They are all with your father," Serafina said.
"My father. Is he alive?"
"Very much so. He is meeting with your officers, laying plans for Fernland's demise."
"He's alive?" Blackwell reaffirmed as he lay back down on his cot. He gingerly touched the bump on his head. "I remember looking for his wound. He said he would kill himself but there was no blood." Blackwell's eyes opened wide. "Did my father do this to me?"
"Your father said you had been poisoned by Geoffrey. Your army attacked with a vengeance. They hold you in high esteem."
"Oh, no!" Blackwell moaned. "And our casualties?"
"Not many," Serafina said, "It was over quickly. Geoffrey's army is on the run."
"Thank the fates for that," Blackwell said, sitting up slowly. "But do not imagine I have forgotten your treachery. What did you hope to achieve with that fantasy of a captured Princess Electra?"
"In truth, M'Lord, the parley flag was up when your army attacked."
Blackwell struggled to his feet. "I will not be deceived a second time. You will come with me to this meeting you say my father has called, and I will discover the truth. You will learn I do not make idle threats."
Blackwell stared at the opening of the medical tent and tried to will his head to stop spinning. He grabbed Serafina's arm, intending to pull her along with him and found instead he needed her help to stay standing.
"Where is this meeting?" he demanded.
"Not far, M'Lord. I think you can make it."
"Of course I can make it," he snarled. He took a tentative step, then another with Serafina's support.
"This smells of treason," Blackwell said, "to leave an injured commander without guards."
"They rushed off quite suddenly," Serafina said. "Perhaps they thought it was enough that I was with you now that the battle is won."
Blackwell looked at her suspiciously but said nothing.
As they neared the command tent a shout went up and guards came rushing out to meet them.
"Prince Blackwell, you are recovered? We feared the worst," a tall soldier said, taking Blackwell's arm.
Blackwell shook him off. "What is happening here?" he demanded.
"A strategy meeting among the officers" the guard said.
"Without me?" Blackwell asked.
"But the poison, Excellency—it is a miracle that you…" the guard’s words trailed off.
"Is my father in there?"
"Yes, of course. Shall I interrupt with these good tidings?"
"Do not bother. I'll give him the good tidings myself."
Blackwell pushed away from Serafina and walked carefully into the command tent. A hush fell over the meeting, quickly turning to cheers as Prince Blackwell entered.
His father looked up in surprise, then smiled broadly. "We've done it Son; we've defeated Geoffrey. I wish you'd been awake to see it."
A deep anger surged through Blackwell, giving him the strength to walk with more assurance. His father shrank back from his son's cold stare. Blackwell addressed his officers.
"Congratulations are in order. I understand you have fought valiantly on my behalf. And what exactly was it that brought me down?"
"You were poisoned by a missive from Geoffrey," one of his generals said.
"Ah, I see.  And the medics have retained this poisoned letter?"
The officers looked at one another, and one went to the opening of the tent to speak to a guard.
"We will find out if the missive is retained, Sire."
"And what brave man gave the order to attack in my stead?" Blackwell asked.
The officers all turned toward Blackwell's father.
"What difference does it make?" his father said. "We all had no choice but to attack that scoundrel."
"And is it true there was a parley flag in evidence when the attack began?"
Several of the officers looked down at their feet and shuffled uncomfortably.
"I saw no parley flag," his father said, "and if there was one, it called for a parley with Helsop, not with Henge, where they'd decided to win by lopping off the head so to speak, by getting rid of you."
The officers brightened at this and made nods of approval. 
A medic appeared at the tent's flap and was ushered in.
"Yes?" Blackwell asked, waving the medic forward.
"We could not find the poison missive your father spoke of," the medic said. "We did look for it to try to determine what poison it might have been, but it must have been flung out and ground into the earth by the hooves of our horses."
"And did I exhibit signs of a particular poison?"
"No, Sire, you were unconscious as you had also sustained an injury to your head as you fell."
"Thank you," Blackwell said, "I am sure your efforts must have saved my life."
The medic said nothing, hoping for a chance to slip away quietly.
Blackwell stared at his father until the old man's eyes turned away. "Father you have exhausted yourself in the performance of my duties. Go and rest, and I will speak to you later."
His father began to protest, then changed his expression to one of indifference, and gave up his place at the command table. Serafina followed him out.
"Congratulations on your victory," Serafina said, as she caught up with the elder Blackwell.
"I'm glad someone appreciates it," he grumbled.
"Oh, I appreciate it more than you can imagine," she said.
"You're the one who got us here, aren't you?" the old king asked.
"A mere quirk of fate," she said as she walked with him back to his tent.

Chapter 40

Village of Helsop 

The village of Helsop bustled with activity. King Geoffrey’s army had fled, leaving most of its supplies on the battlefield. The residents picked up the discarded items with exclamations of joy. All of Helsop feasted on food left behind. King Geoffrey’s hasty retreat had left many of his men stranded on the battlefield. These were the men without horses, mostly recruits, who had been sent to put out the grass fire. Dagon’s soldiers rounded them up and dubbed them the ‘blanket brigade’.
The prisoner stockade was soon full to overflowing. Dagon ordered a prisoner exchange as the first order of business. Helsop’s populace wanted their relatives freed from Geoffrey’s dungeon and they didn’t want to feed their new prisoners any longer than necessary.
Take the Thief had kept to the shaded side of the stockade as the new prisoners were led in. Just as he feared, his old sergeant was among them. The new men looked around apprehensively. One group seemed to be trying to shield a young conscript with yellow hair. Their suspicious maneuvers called the guard's attention to the youth. The guard motioned him over. He noticed the dark roots of his yellow hair.
"You look familiar, Boy. Ain't you that crystal ball-readin' fella got away from us before? Lost yer crystal ball an' the King demoted ya ta a conscript, did he?  Why the yellow hair?" Avor peered past the guard as though he didn't understand the language.
"Bet ya wouldn't of seen things turnin' out like this even with yer future-tellin’ball would ya?" The guard laughed at his own joke while the prisoners kept silent. He called out loudly enough for all the prisoners to hear. "Don't count on a fancy dinner lads. We've a bit ‘a catchin’ up ta’ do in the matter of eating ‘ere in Helsop, thanks ta yer King Geoffrey." The guard closed the thick wooden door and sat outside on a stool.
"That there's Prince Avor ain't it?" Tom whispered in the thief's ear.
 Excited whispers swept the dark cell.
Take studied the young recruit. "You’re right, it’s him for sure, but his hair’s gone yellow."
"Should we pay our respects, ya’ think?" Tom asked.
"I think we should stay in the background as much as we can, not that there’s much chance penned up like this. Did you notice our old sergeant over there?" Take lifted his chin in the direction of the stockade’s entrance.
"Oh, Blimey!" Tom said, "Ya’ think ‘e took note we was gone?"
"It’s likely," Take said. "There’s roll call, unless they skipped it."
"Ya think we should ‘fess up, Take?"
"Never," Take said. "But we'd best get our story straight. How about we heard a noise and went to check it out and Dagon's men were there waiting for us?"
"Oh, that there’s foolproof  is what that is," Tom said enthusiastically.
An officer came through the door of their enclosure.
"Those I point to, step over to the gate," he said. "You, you, you." He seemed to point at random until ten men were selected, one of them, Take the Thief. "This is your lucky day," he said to the men as they assembled by the door of the stockade. “We need ten men for a prisoner exchange."
The thief glanced back at Tom who waved to him as Take was led away.
"I need to speak to Headman Dagon," the thief whispered to the officer. "If I go back to Fernland I'll be thrown in the dungeon. I have some important information to bargain with." What a break that Prince Avor is among the captured prisoners, Take thought to himself.
The officer whispered something to his commander, Deimos. 
As the prisoners neared the command post, Deimos pulled Take the Thief aside.
"What information?" Deimos demanded.
"The whereabouts of King Geoffrey's son," the thief answered.
"Why are you afraid to go back?"
"I escaped from Geoffrey’s dungeon with the help of the Sorceress Serafina. I saw her here in camp, though her face is changed for the better. I'm guessing she's sided with Helsop against Geoffrey." 
"Serafina?"
"Yes, I saw her speaking to Dagon when I was last interrogated."
"Come with me," Deimos said. He nodded to a guard at the entrance of the command post and stepped inside with the thief.
Dagon looked up from his paperwork, smiling. "First fruits of our victory," he said, "a prisoner exchange. It will be good to get some of our friends back from Geoffrey's dungeon."
"It seems we already have an escapee from Geoffrey's dungeon with us," Deimos said, pushing the thief forward.
Dagon recognized the prisoner as one of the likely deserters from Fernland’s army.
"You did not mention your escape from Fernland’s dungeon when last we spoke," Dagon said.
The thief looked around cautiously as he was brought to stand before Dagon. He was relieved to see that Serafina was not present.
"It’s hardly something to boast about," Take said.
"It is most unusual for a prisoner to turn down an offer of freedom," Dagon said.
"I find myself in an unusual situation," Take countered.
"Explain," Dagon said.
The thief decided to give only as much information as was needed. He feared he had made a mistake in mentioning Serafina’s name.
"I escaped from Geoffrey’s dungeon with the aid of a friend and was on my way out of Fernland when I was conscripted into the army. Then, when I tried to desert, I was caught by your soldiers. If I am part of the prisoner exchange, King Geoffrey may recognize me and return me to the dungeon or worse."
"I see," Dagon said. "What is this information you have concerning King Geoffrey’s son?"
"I know the whereabouts of King Geoffrey’s son, Prince Avor. You could easily take him prisoner and have the advantage in future negotiations."
"Where is his son?" Dagon asked.
The thief raised his eyes to look directly at Dagon. "I had hoped the information might gain me some advantage," the thief said.
"I will decide that. Do not test my patience." Dagon leaned forward, frowning.
The thief lowered his eyes. He knew he would be beaten if he tried to bargain. "Prince Avor is in your stockade."
"What? That is ridiculous. Geoffrey would never allow his son to be captured."
"Nevertheless, he is there, disguised as a conscript."
"I understand you are desperate, but this story is nonsense. Which one do you fancy is Geoffrey’s son?"
"The guard seemed already to know him. He called him ‘the crystal ball gazin’ fellow."
"Amoral?" Dagon glanced at Deimos, who shrugged his shoulders in reply. "Take this prisoner out," Dagon told the guard. "Keep him apart from the other prisoners."
The guard moved Take the Thief to an empty tent close to the command post.
Take sat down in the small tent and wrapped his arms around his knees. He went over the conversation with Dagon in his mind. He took Dagon for an honorable sort who would reward him for his information as soon as he verified it. He began to think of what he might ask for in the way of a reward. Freedom, of course, perhaps safe passage back through Fernland and beyond. Money, perhaps, though he doubted Helsop had any. He could always get the money he needed with a quick stop in Fernland to sell more tickets. Perhaps he could ask for freedom for his friend Tom as well. He lay down and closed his eyes. Was his luck finally changing for the better?

Chapter 41

Village of Helsop 

As soon as Take was out the door, Dagon beckoned Deimos to a seat. "Do you think it is possible?" Dagon asked.
"I don’t know," Deimos said. "The age is about right, but what would the king’s son have been doing out in the forest with a young girl? They were crossing into Fernland, not out. The thief let slip a name, Serafina. I believe he was speaking of the sorceress. He said he saw her here in camp with a changed face."
"Bring this Amorel in for questioning," Dagon said, "but do not let on that we suspect anything. If he is the king’s son, we could have a riot on our hands. Say we’re taking five more prisoners for the exchange and make sure he is one of them."
As Dagon waited for his prisoner to arrive, he tried to imagine why the king’s son and a young girl would be alone in the forest. The boy seemed too young for any romantic tryst. He stood at the door of his command post and watched as the guards separated Amorel from the other four prisoners. They did indeed seem fearful and protective of the young man.
Dagon sat behind his desk as Amorel was led in. He glanced up from his paperwork and said casually, "We know who you are." The boy tensed, but recovered quickly and stared off into space as though he didn’t understand. Too late. Dagon had seen the flash of understanding and dread in the boy’s eyes.
"We know you are Prince Avor, and we will hold both you and your so-called assistant for ransom," Dagon continued.
The color drained from the boy’s face, but he reverted to his far-off gaze as quickly as he could compose himself.
"Take him to a separate tent and place him under heavy guard," Dagon ordered. As Prince Avor was led away, Dagon ordered the thief to be brought back in.
"What is your relationship to Serafina?" Dagon demanded.
"You will leave me no information to bargain with," Take muttered.
"I am already inclined toward gratitude," Dagon said. "Why not keep me well favored toward you."
The thief looked hopeful as he began. "It was Serafina who helped me escape. She hoped to use me in her search for Electra."
"Electra."
"Yes."
Dagon closed his eyes, searching for the name Electra in his memory. He knew that name. Why?
"Electra," Dagon repeated.
"Yes," the thief repeated. Slowly, the significance of the name slipped out of the foggy recesses of his mind. "Electra, the lost daughter of King Geoffrey?" 
"Yes," the thief said.
"Why would Serafina need your help?"
"I, uh, helped her once before, uh, when she decided to take the child to punish King Geoffrey."
Dagon had trouble containing his mounting excitement. "Serafina took the child? Did she raise her as her own daughter?"
"I suppose she did," Take answered.
As the mystery revealed itself to Dagon, he moved quickly to the door and spoke to the guard outside. "Move this prisoner to a comfortable location." He nodded at the thief. "You will be well rewarded, you have my word." Dagon motioned Deimos inside and shut the door.
Dagon bristled with excitement. He paced back and forth behind his desk with clenched hands.
"Did you hear what that prisoner said?" he asked Deimos, "We have both the king’s children!"
"We could demand half his Kingdom," Deimos replied, laughing. Then a frown came over his face and he turned for the door. "We need to put Electra under guard right away."
Dagon rushed in front of his friend and held up his hand to keep Deimos from leaving.
"I can’t do that," Dagon said. "I can’t treat her as a prisoner. Valuable as she is, she may have saved my sister’s life. Isa was very weak after my little namesake was born. I feared we would lose her. Electra stepped in to aid my sister of her own free will. I made a promise to her." He banged the table with his fist, suddenly angry. "I’ve as much as told her she is free to go if she wishes."
"She lied to you," Deimos reminded him.
"She had to protect her brother," Dagon said, "I can’t fault her for that."
"You don’t need her; Prince Avor is enough," Deimos said. "But if you let her go she may follow Serafina to Blackwell’s camp. Blackwell would certainly hold her for ransom when he finds out who she is."
"You are right, of course," Dagon said. "We can’t let her go." He continued his pacing, hoping for an idea.
"She didn’t try to leave with Serafina before the battle began. Serafina went directly to Blackwell’s camp while Electra stayed in the infirmary and helped with the wounded."
Dagon stopped pacing; he looked thoughtful. "Nor has she made any attempt to return to Fernland, though she knows I am in her debt. Do you suppose she wants to stay in Helsop?"
Dagon and Deimos looked at one another and both shook their heads at the same time.
"Would that she did wish to stay here," Dagon said sorrowfully, "but that is unlikely."
"We could offer her a stipend to stay and serve as our healer," Deimos said, "She seems a dedicated herbalist."
Again the two looked at each other and shook their heads.
The silence that followed became strained. "Maybe you could marry her, then she would have to stay," Deimos said half-heartedly.
Dagon stared at Deimos, excited by the idea. "There’s not much here to attract a princess, but she has never lived as one. Perhaps she would consider it if she were approached in such a way that it seemed advantageous to accept. It would force Geoffrey into an alliance with Helsop. We would finally be free of Blackwell’s domination. Do you think there’s any chance she would consent to it?"
"She is friendly with your sister, Isa. Perhaps Isa could sound her out on the idea," Deimos said.
"What have we to lose?" Dagon replied. "Isa may have some notion of what might make such an offer appeal to a young girl."

Chapter 42

Village of Helsop 

Electra stood in the chart room of the clinic considering various mixtures of herbs. On the battered table she had laid out strips of cloth. From buckets surrounding the table she chose elm bark to treat wounds, yellow gentian root to treat fever, and aloe for burns. She rolled the herbs in strips of cloth to make poultices. She glanced up and was startled to see Isa watching her from the doorway.
"Isa! And little Dagon! Are you both well?" she asked.
"Quite well, thanks to you, and well-fed, thanks to Fernland’s leavings," Isa said.
Electra laughed and took the baby from Isa. "What a fine young man you have here," she said, rocking the baby in her arms.
"What brings you to the clinic?" She looked up at Isa.
"We came for a visit." Isa paused and met Electra’s eyes. "I am curious about your plans for the future."
"Ah, the future." Electra handed the baby back to his mother.
Isa leaned closer. "Actually I am here at Dagon’s request. He fears he may lose you."
Electra thought it odd that Isa said ‘he fears he may lose you’ rather than ‘he fears we may lose you’ but she made no mention of it.
"The work I do here is not so complicated. I could teach you something of herb medicine if you like," Electra said.
"You are too modest. I’m sure it would require years, but that is not my meaning. Though Helsop would be the worse for your absence, Dagon would be devastated."
"Devastated!" Electra was both confused and suspicious.
"He is in love with you," Isa said.
Electra laughed at Isa and wondered if this was some sort of joke. When Isa remained unsmiling, Electra managed to contain her laughter enough to say, "I believe you are quite  mistaken."
Isa shook her head. "He was afraid you would react this way. He is not a man to let his feelings show. Nevertheless he plans to ask for your hand in marriage."
Electra searched Isa’s countenance for some sign of a smile. "Surely you jest," she said.
"He is on his way here now to seek your consent. I thought I should warn you lest you injure his spirit unknowingly," Isa said.
Electra sat down trying to remember any sign of affection she may have missed. "Thus far his gratitude has resulted in numerous offers of freedom and safe passage to Fernland," she said.
Isa blushed slightly before she spoke. "As I mentioned, he is a man who keeps tight rein on his feelings. He would not keep you against your will if you wished to leave." Isa turned to go.
"I hope I have not offended you. I know how highly you regard your brother," Electra said.
"You have not," Isa said. "Yours was the reaction I expected. But I must go. It would not do for him to see me here. Please do not mention my visit when you speak with him."
"Certainly," Electra said. "And thank you for warning me."
Electra sat staring at her unfinished poultices, wondering at Isa’s revelation. She had given some thought to what her future plans might be after her last emotional conversation with Serafina. She had decided that she would meet with her birth parents for curiosity’s sake. After that she did not know. Perhaps she would assume a new identity and go farther south than Chase Bound. She could sustain herself selling herbs and charms until she decided what should come next. She was quite sure she did not wish to become the reigning monarch of Fernland, despite her mother’s ambitions on her behalf. When Dagon arrived she was in such a state of reverie that she jumped at his polite cough.
"I wonder if I might have a word with you," he asked.
"Of course," Electra said, watching his eyes closely. She saw no hint of longing there.
As they sat on either side of a small table Dagon lowered his eyes.
"I will not lie to you. I have known your true identity for some time now," he lied.
Electra stayed silent as Dagon continued.
"But how could I hold you for ransom or as a bargaining chip to gain political advantage when I was both grateful to you and in love with you? I had to offer you your freedom, hoping in my heart that you would refuse it." He glanced up at her face briefly before continuing.
Electra gave a polite nod, wondering where this well-rehearsed speech would lead.
"Now that the battle is fought and won, you may be inclined to feel that your work here as a healer is finished. I…" he hesitated briefly, "I decided I must make my true feelings known to you before that happens. I would be honored if you would consent to be my wife and make your home in Helsop." He fixed her with a beseeching look and waited.
"I do not know who you imagine me to be," Electra said, "but I assure you I will soon be replaced in your affections by another more kindred soul. I must accept your offer of freedom and be on my way when these wounded have sufficiently recovered."
"I imagine you to be the Princess Electra, sister to Prince Avor, the lad with a penchant for disguises," Dagon said with a solemn expression.
Electra held her breath for a second, then laughed lightly.
"Whatever do you mean?"
"Your brother Avor is once more Helsop’s prisoner, this time disguised as a conscript in Fernland’s army. I believe I preferred the disguise he assumed as Amorel the Seer from Amorate when first we met." Dagon continued to speak with sincerity, as though reluctant to admit these truths.
"You have captured Amorel?" Electra asked, suddenly on guard.
Dagon shook his head sadly, as though hurt by Electra’s lack of trust. "I can hardly blame you for being wary," he said. "And I cannot mislead you into thinking that my offer of freedom extends to your brother. It is my duty as Headman of Helsop to hold him for political advantage. But I believe I must be forthcoming in all if I am to have any hope of winning your heart."
Electra wondered if there was any point in keeping up the pretense. "I wish to see this prisoner you believe to be my brother," she said.
"I am sure he would appreciate that," Dagon said. "But if you would do me the favor of waiting until tomorrow, I have planned a trip for us today. I want to show you something that might incline you more toward Helsop and so improve my chances."
"What is that?" she said.
"It is a surprise. Please indulge me if you will."
"More surprises," Electra murmured. She placed the finished poultices in a bowl as she pondered what she might do to best help Avor if he was, in fact, a prisoner of Helsop.
Dagon smiled and waited patiently.
"As you wish," she said with a shrug.
She followed Dagon out the front of the clinic where two horses stood saddled and waiting.
They rode north toward Ice Mountain, the same white mountain that appeared stitched against a blue background on Helsop’s banners. As they drew close to the glacier a cold wet wind closed around them. Dagon stopped and pulled heavy coats from his saddle bags.
Electra quickly wrapped herself in the coat.
"It is magnificent!" she said, staring at the huge leading edge of the glacier.
"It moves slowly forward, pushed from behind with the weight of new snow and ice."
"I hear its movement," Electra said, listening to the powerful rumblings. "It is louder than falling trees; it is like a thousand strikes of lightning coming from deep inside."
"Nothing can stand in its way," Dagon said. "It is the spirit of Helsop."
They approached slowly, taking in the vivid blue hues that emanated from the ice. At the edge of the glacier they dismounted and stepped onto the ice, crunching through the soft rim with their boots. As they moved forward the ice was hard and smooth to the touch, like wet glass.
They circled around the slippery rim of ice until they could look out over Cold Lake, dotted with drifting ice flows, a dark and forbidding expanse of gray water. When they finally turned back, their hands and feet were numb. They returned quickly to their horses and Dagon gave Electra dry mittens and stockings.
"Thank you for bringing me here," she said. "It is a sight I will never forget."
"My hope is that you will have it always in view," he said.

Chapter 43

Village of Helsop 

Blackwell found Serafina in his father's tent. He stood in the opening of the tent for a moment, breathing deeply, trying to gain control of his anger. "I have the two of you to thank for this unnecessary war. My own father. You could have killed me."
"I didn't hit you that hard," his father said. "Besides, you were the one who rushed out with your army."
Blackwell ignored this comment. "And you, whoever you are," he said to Serafina, "where is this imaginary princess who was to miraculously prevent any casualties?"
"I am Serafina, sister to Geoffrey's Queen Delphinia. I assume Princess Electra is still at the infirmary in Helsop where I left her this morning."
Prince Blackwell opened his mouth then closed it, at a loss for words. He sat down and rubbed the bump on his head.
"Serafina, are you?" the elder Blackwell said laughing, "No wonder you hate King Geoffrey. I remember when he rejected you in favor of your sister."
Serafina's eyes glowed through narrow slits as she silently regarded Blackwell's father.
"That's enough, Father. I see no humor in your story. This history is none of our affair." Blackwell turned his attention back to Serafina. "Whatever your reasons for aligning yourself with Dagon against Geoffrey, there remains the central question. Why did  Dagon not make use of Electra against King Geoffrey to stop the battle before it began?" Blackwell asked.
"He did not know who she was," Serafina answered.
"What? You did not tell him?"
"She is my daughter regardless of her birth parents. I would not endanger her, nor will I give her back to Geoffrey."
"Why did you not bring her back here with you?"
"Our relationship is strained by recent events. She needs time to consider her direction."
"She is too valuable to choose her own direction. I will send guards for her before Dagon discovers her identity and ransoms her."
"Dagon has promised her Helsop's undying gratitude and her freedom," Serafina said.
"Without knowing who she is?" Blackwell looked doubtful.
"Yes, he values her medical services."
"We cannot take the chance. We will bring her here as our guest until I can arrange a council with Dagon." 
"I will go for her myself. Alone," Serafina said. "Perhaps she has already come to a decision."
Blackwell seemed hesitant to grant Serafina’s request, but saw no way to stop her other than by force. He did not want to try that for any number of reasons. "I would have her come willingly, but if she will not, then she will come, regardless. Is my meaning clear?" Blackwell asked.
"As you will," Serafina replied. "I will leave at once. And I will leave alone. Is my meaning clear?"
Blackwell grunted in reply. As Serafina left the tent, Blackwell turned to his father.
"What did you hope to achieve by disabling me?" he asked.
"Exactly what I got," his father replied, "Geoffrey’s defeat."
"Geoffrey’s defeat was also Dagon’s victory. You’d best hope Dagon does not realize what he has ensconced in his infirmary or we will have two opponents to contend with instead of one.
"You worry too much, Son. Let us make plans to take back our hill country now that Fernland’s army is depleted. Let us enjoy the victory banquet so long in coming." His father patted his son on the back.
"And with your vengeance satisfied you are blissfully worry-free?" Prince Blackwell asked.
"Vengeance is sweet," his father said. "I do intend to savor it."
"I will join you shortly at dinner, Father." Blackwell left his father’s tent and returned to his command center where two scouts waited.
"I want the woman followed and the girl brought here unharmed. You may wait to see if she returns of her own accord with the woman, but if not, bring her here, willing or no."
After the scouts left Blackwell washed his face and combed his hair, touching the lump on his head gingerly. He changed his clothes and left for the victory dinner his father had arranged.

Chapter 44

Village of Helsop 

Serafina spent most of her evening evading Blackwell’s soldiers on a chase around Ice Mountain. After leaving them to follow fraudulent tracks she returned to Helsop to find Dagon’s soldiers generously dispersed around Electra’s little cottage. She watched them from a distance and decided they had been sent to guard Electra. They made no attempt to enter Electra’s cottage. Serafina left them to their work and slipped past, into the cottage, to wait for Electra. A few minutes later, she heard horses ride up and listened as Dagon and Electra said their goodbyes. There was the soft sound of a chaste kiss.
"I do not expect an answer any time soon. I would like to spend some time together tomorrow," Dagon said. "Perhaps we could walk into Helsop’s forest."

Electra came through the door quietly and lit a candle. Her expression was soft, thoughtful, in the dim light. She stopped short when she saw Serafina.
"Mother," she said, clasping her hands together. "It is so good to see you. I was afraid you would not come back." Her eyes sparkled with sudden moisture.
"How could I stay away when so much hangs in the balance?" Serafina held the crystal ball in her lap.
"It seems you were right about decisions to be made," Electra said. "A most extraordinary thing has happened."
"I know. I’ve been looking ahead," Serafina said, nodding at the crystal ball. "But please…continue."
"Dagon has made a proposal of marriage. Did you see that in the crystal ball?"
"Not exactly," Serafina said, "but I see the future of Helsop poised on the brink and I suspected you might be the one to tip the scales. Come and see."
Electra looked into the crystal ball and in the cloudy shapes, she saw the village of Helsop growing larger and more powerful, pressing against its neighboring kingdoms, Henge to the east, and Fernland to the south. She changed her thinking then, to imagine herself leaving, returning to Chase Bound. Helsop began to wither before her eyes.
Electra took the crystal ball from Serafina and set it next to her as she sat on the cot. "It seems my rejection of this marriage proposal could influence Helsop’s future."
"You are King Geoffrey’s daughter. Surely you see the significance of that."
"But King Geoffrey doesn’t even know me. How could I affect the relationship between Helsop and Fernland?"
"Only know that it is so," Serafina said. "How came Dagon upon your royal identity?"
"He says he knew all along and loved me from first he saw me."
"He is lying," Serafina said.
"How do you know?" Electra asked.
"The same way you know," Serafina chided. "He probably does love you. How could he not? Whether he knows it yet or not matters little. He seeks to save Helsop by any means necessary. But Helsop’s fate need not be your concern."
"Please do not tell me again that power alone matters. Look at how these people are forced to live," Electra said.
"They choose to stay and live as they do," Serafina said.
"This is their home," Electra argued.
"They have the choice to leave just as you do." She paused for a moment, then said quietly, "And what will that choice be?"
Electra sighed. She didn’t want to choose, nor did she want to champion Helsop’s needs. Most of all she wanted Serafina’s help in deciding where she would go. "You do not  seem entirely opposed to the idea of a marriage to Dagon," Electra noted.
"I have been looking into the future. Your future. I believe you have three choices. One, go to Geoffrey and Delphinia where you will be closely watched and smothered with well-meant attention until Geoffrey sees an advantage in marrying you off to a powerful family to gain an advantageous alliance. Two, stay with me under Blackwell’s protection until he ransoms you off to Geoffrey. Three, stay with Dagon, where you can wield influence over Blackwell through me and over Geoffrey by virtue of his filial duty to you."
"You are staying with Blackwell, then?" Electra asked, surprised.
"I am content for now being with the enemy of my enemy. Blackwell is more under my spell than he knows and will soon ask for my hand in marriage."
"You? Married? I cannot imagine it. Do you love him?"
"I would have married Geoffrey for love. I see now what a burden that would have been. No, I do not love Blackwell but I find him a capable man and I respect him."
"You see no fourth possibility of us leaving together to recreate our old life?" Electra asked.
"We would be hounded by Geoffrey’s spies. You are a young woman now. Would you marry a village youth or stay unmarried and watch me grow old while your own chance for a family slips away?"
"I had not considered such a future," Electra said, unable to imagine her mother growing old.
"Even now Prince Blackwell sits lusting after the advantage he would have over Geoffrey if you were in his custody. You are much sought after."
"I do not love Dagon. At least not yet, although he is putting great effort into courting me. He took me to see Helsop’s glacier." Electra smiled, remembering.
"I know," Serafina said, "Blackwell’s scouts were there as well."
Electra turned a little pale. "Were they sent to abduct me?" she asked.
"Very likely," Serafina said. "I was able to mislead them, but more will come."
"How can one make any decisions with such pressures on all sides? Perhaps I should slip into the night and disappear," Electra said.
"I overheard Dagon say he did not expect an answer anytime soon. If you tell him that Blackwell knows you are the Princess Electra, he will at least protect you from being taken by Blackwell’s soldiers. That should offer you some time. I would caution you against slipping into a night that holds so many spies and snares. You are surrounded even now by Dagon’s men, but I do not know what orders they have been given concerning you."
"I am still under guard?" Electra asked.
"More than ever, now," Serafina said.
Electra kicked the floor with her heel. "I feel such a pawn in all this."
"Do I sense the beginning of a desire for power?" Serafina smiled broadly.
Electra laughed at herself. "Perhaps," she said softly.
"I must go. Remember, Blackwell’s soldiers will come looking as soon as I return without you. Protect yourself." Electra jumped up to hug Serafina. "Must you go so soon?"
Serafina looked out into the night from the open doorway and said, "I know now you will decide well." Then she was gone.
Electra sat back on her cot and picked up the crystal ball. She bounced it up and down in her hand, feeling the smoothness of the glass, looking at the crack that continued deep inside.
"It seems the time has come for me to put the crystal ball aside, and ask myself what direction my life will take," she said quietly.

Chapter 45

Village of Helsop 

Electra was awakened before dawn the next morning by Dagon’s knock on her door. He had agreed to allow Electra a private meeting with her brother. Dagon had cautioned her that Avor’s yellow hair and tattered conscript’s tunic were none of his soldiers’ doing. Electra couldn’t imagine how Avor could have been taken prisoner as one of Geoffrey’s conscripts. She hoped that their prisoner turned out to be only some soldier who resembled Avor.
"I did not expect you so early," Electra said, rubbing the sleep from her eyes as she opened the door.
"My apologies for waking you so early. Two of Blackwell’s men are watching the entrance to the clinic. They feel their status as allies allows them the impertinence. I fear others will follow. I’ll take you to your brother but your visit must be brief. We need to find a safer place for you to stay."
They walked through the village as the sun rose over the forest. A spirit of enterprise seemed to have invaded the community. Soldiers were busy pounding the boards they had used as battering rams back onto the framework of their houses. Children played tag in the streets, and women stitched together found scraps of cloth to make new clothes for their families. The hollow eyes and vacant expressions were gone.
Electra and Dagon continued past the tents of the outpost and the prisoner’s holding area to a small but heavily guarded tent on the outskirts of the village. 
Dagon spoke to one of the guards who opened the flap of the tent and called out, "Here’s a visitor come ta’ see ya’, Lad."
Electra stared into the shaded interior of the tent at the dirty, yellow-haired prisoner who stood with his back to her. "Avor?" she asked.
The prisoner remained facing the far corner of the tent.
"Avor, is it really you?"
The boy turned around slowly. Tears sprang into his eyes as he faced Electra. "Do they know who you are?" he whispered.
"Yes, I am afraid they do," Electra said gently, walking toward him.
"Then our father is ruined and Fernland as well," Avor said, hanging his head and dropping to his knees.
Electra’s heart went out to her defeated younger brother. She put her hand on his shoulder. "Nonsense," she whispered, "we will find a way to make this right."
"It is my fault. I disguised myself as a conscript. I disregarded Father’s orders and came in secret. He did not know I was with the army."
"Listen to me. It is all right," she whispered, pulling him up to a standing position. "I am not a prisoner here. Quite the opposite, in fact."
"What?" he whispered, blinking back tears.
"You are correct in assuming they will hold you for ransom, but I am not a hostage," Electra continued speaking directly into his ear. "Dagon has professed his love for me. He seeks my hand in marriage."
Avor stared at her. "Marriage?" he shrilled, trying to keep his voice down. "But this is worse than being a hostage. Do you not see that he is trying to use you against our father?"
Electra stiffened a little and smiled. "Is it so unbelievable that he might love me?"
Avor looked puzzled, in no mood for jokes. "He is unworthy, an outlaw."
Electra saw that he was too overwrought for jests. She held up her hand to stave off further protests. "I know he plays at loving me. It doesn’t matter. Besides," she said, suddenly inspired with a new idea, "two can play at that game. I believe we have an opportunity here."
"What kind of opportunity?" Avor asked. His face clouded with apprehension. "To do what?"
"Suppose I agree to his proposal, even better, suppose I profess my love for him. Dagon and I could then go to King Geoffrey with our engagement. Perhaps I could suggest we try for an alliance, based on the engagement."
"This sounds a dangerous game. What if he does agree to take you to Fernland and you find a way to escape into our father’s protection? He would still have me held hostage to unreasonable demands."
"You will grant me no credit for devising strategies? You must look at the possibilities."
"You see where my own foolish strategies have landed me," Avor said, "but if yours take you anywhere close to home, please promise me that you will be content to escape into father’s protection. I could not bear that our mother lose you again."
"No one will be lost, including you. I am not without resources. Remember, I was raised by a sorceress." She smiled again and was rewarded with a look that was part hope and part fear. "I must go now," she said. "I do not want Dagon to think we are hatching a plot against him." She squeezed his arm and left quickly.
When she emerged from the tent, Dagon was gone. Deimos came running toward her. He quickly wrapped her in a blanket and slung her over his shoulder. 
"Stay still," he cautioned, "Others may be watching. I am taking you to Dagon."

Chapter 46 

Village of Helsop

Electra peeked through the opening of her blanket to see where Deimos was taking her. She could only see the dusty ground of the military encampment. Before long the dusty ground changed to a trail bounded by ferns. As soon as they reached the cover of trees he set her down and looked back to see if they had been followed.
"We have a way to go," he said. "Normally I would insist you wear a blindfold but Dagon said no."
Deimos seemed upset about this breach of security. Electra decided to reassure him.
"I do not know what all this is about, but you should know by now that I am capable of keeping a secret," she said.
Deimos almost grinned at this and relaxed a bit.
They walked through the forest until they came to two horses, saddled and tethered to a tree. Deimos helped Electra up onto her horse and they followed the bank of the river to the edge of Helsop’s plateau. As they neared the rim, the noise of the river increased to a deafening roar. From the plateau’s edge they looked out at a wide waterfall spanning the full width of the river and ending in a broad pool far below. The roar was deafening. The falls spread over an area a quarter of a mile wide, cascading down blue slate cliffs. The mist that rose over the water enveloped them in a white fog.
"Ice Water Falls," Deimos announced with pride in his voice.
Deimos guided his horse along a steep path that curved down and away from the waterfall. Electra’s horse followed as if trained to do so. At the base of the plateau Deimos dismounted. He pushed aside boulders and brush to reveal a sparse trail that wound back toward the base of the falls. He led the horses around a bend where a third horse grazed, hobbled in a lush green meadow. He hobbled their two horses, then returned to roll the boulders back in place, and erase signs of their passing.
"We will go on foot from here," he said.
They followed the thin trail until it turned onto a gravel beach. The western edge of the waterfall came into view. They continued along the gravel beach until they reached the cataract. With one last look behind him, Deimos disappeared behind the drape of water. Electra ran to catch up. She plunged through the edge of the waterfall and found herself walking along a narrow slippery ledge behind the thundering water. She stopped to put her hand in the curtain of water and was almost unbalanced by the force of it. They continued along the treacherous path to the middle section of the falls. Here Deimos removed some moss-covered branches to reveal a small opening in the cliff face from which a soft glow emanated. He waved her through ahead of him. The loud roar of the falls made conversation impossible.
Once through the gap the cave opened into a large cavern lit a dull orange by torchlight. It was cool inside and Electra hugged her blanket close around her. Dagon came forward to meet them.
He smiled at Electra, then looked cautiously at Deimos.
"Any problems?" he asked.
"We were not followed," Deimos said. "But Blackwell’s soldiers have begun a house to house search for the girl."
"It seems your identity is now known to all," Dagon said, watching Electra, "Do you think Serafina revealed it to Blackwell?" 
"I suppose that is how she convinced him to come to Helsop’s aid," Electra said.
"My soldiers told me of her visit last night," Dagon said.
Electra nodded.
"But you chose not to leave with her," Dagon said.
Electra smiled and said simply, "No."
Dagon turned to Deimos. "Make some excuse for my absence. Put off any meeting with Blackwell. I will return soon. Electra will be safe here."
Deimos touched his forehead in salute and crawled back through the mouth of the cave.
"This place is quite remarkable," Electra said, turning to take in the massive cavern.
"I told you Helsop held many wonders," Dagon said. "How fares your brother?"
"I believe he still prefers Fernland to Helsop," Electra said, giving up the Amorate charade.
"Dare I take that to mean you have decided in Helsop’s favor?"
"Are there more wonders of this magnitude?" Electra smiled at him.
Dagon was encouraged by her smile. "I believe Helsop holds great promise," he said enthusiastically. "The poverty that grips us is not irreversible." He paused to temper his enthusiasm. "But of course, that is beside the point. It is my affection for you that seeks any argument to win your favor."
"I am curious," Electra said, "When did you become aware of this affection you hold for me? I must say you kept your feelings well hid."
Dagon seemed ready with an answer to this question. "I found you admirable in your brother’s protection when first we met—you were so resourceful, so brave. And later when you sought to help the same soldiers who had taken you prisoner, I came to realize what a generous and gifted person you were. All that in addition to being mesmerized by your great beauty. I fear you must find me unworthy but I continue to hope." He lowered his eyes in a manner that seemed slightly contrived.
"Even by torchlight your eyes are that remarkable blue found deep within Helsop’s glacier," Electra said.
Dagon’s eyes snapped fully open as his chin jerked up. "My eyes?" he said, caught off guard.
"Yes," Electra said, "I find them quite remarkable."
Dagon was suddenly at a loss for words and changed the subject quickly.
"I want to be sure Blackwell’s men do not find you. You must know he seeks to hold you for ransom. Even Serafina’s influence could not dissuade him from that. I am sure you will be safe here. This cave is a closely guarded secret. We could make the cave quite comfortable and I could visit often…"
"I have a better idea," Electra said.
"You do?" Dagon asked, once again caught off guard.
"Why not pay a visit to Fernland? Perhaps we could discuss the possibility of an alliance with King Geoffrey."
"An alliance?" he repeated.
"Yes, if in fact we do become engaged, there might be the possibility of an alliance, since I am his daughter," Electra said.
"If we become engaged," Dagon repeated.
"That is your goal, is it not? Our engagement?"
"Yes, of course, of course it is. Then…you begin to be inclined toward the idea?" he asked.
"I am inclined to consider it," she said.
Dagon began to speak several times, but each time thought better of it. Finally he said, "Please stay here where you will be safe while I return briefly to Helsop. Let me see what new ploys Blackwell has contrived while I consider the feasibility of your idea. I am overwhelmed with hope now I hear what direction your thoughts are taking." He managed one last brief smile before making a hasty exit.

Chapter 47

Village of Helsop 

Dagon found Deimos outside the prisoner stockade speaking with a group of guards.
"The prisoners are restless," Deimos said. "I believe they are uneasy about the fate of Prince Avor."
"We must allow no rumor of his captivity to reach Blackwell," Dagon said, "It is  enough that Blackwell knows of Electra’s presence here. Do his soldiers continue to search for her?"
"Yes and their insolence grows as they fail to find her. I kept them from searching Avor’s tent by telling them it was an isolation tent for a possible case of plague. Fearful as they were, they still looked inside to be sure there was no girl within. And Blackwell’s envoys continue to request your presence at a strategy meeting."
Dagon frowned as he tried to collect his thoughts. "Are the prisoners for the exchange ready to leave?"
"They are. Will one or both of us be accompanying them?"
Dagon continued to frown. "I think that would be the best course. I want to put off any meet with Blackwell." He hesitated. "But I am not sure what to do about Electra."
Deimos waited, began to speak, and then thought better of it.
"What is it?" Dagon asked.
"I was just wondering, eh… how the marriage proposal went over."
Dagon’s expression changed from a frown to a perplexed look. "I would say, not very well, but for a strange conversation we had just a few minutes ago. In fact that is why I sought you out. I do not know what to make of it."
"What did she say?" Deimos asked.
"She said my eyes were the color of our glacier."
Deimos stared at his friend, confused. "What…, white?"
"No, the blue that lies within," Dagon said.
Deimos looked intently at Dagon’s eyes and then stifled a laugh.
Dagon frowned, irritated by his friend’s attempt not to laugh. "I know it is meant as an endearment," he said, "I just cannot decipher it. Is she pretending to like me? She is suddenly open to the idea of an engagement. Is she afraid that I will change my mind and hold her for ransom? She doesn’t seem to be afraid. Quite the opposite, in fact. She has begun to offer me advice."
"What sort of advice?" Deimos asked, suddenly on guard.
"She thinks we should go to King Geoffrey with a tentative plan for an engagement and test the possibility of an alliance."
Deimos ran the scenario through his mind before commenting. "I see what you mean," he said, "This is puzzling."
"If we were to attempt such a strategy, do you see any way it could backfire?"
Deimos thought about the many ways it could backfire as he watched a soldier run toward them with a folded piece of paper. 
The soldier stopped a few feet away and saluted. "A message for Headman Dagon from one of Blackwell’s men, Sir."
Dagon motioned him forward and opened the message. It read:

Headman Dagon
I propose we meet within the hour to toast our victory over King Geoffrey and discuss our continuing alliance. 
Respectfully, Prince Blackwell
 
Dagon handed the message to Deimos and turned to face the messenger. "Delay as long as you can, then tell Blackwell’s soldiers that I have already left with the prisoner exchange and you have sent the message with a rider to catch up to me."
Turning to Deimos, Dagon said, "We’ve no more time for solving puzzles; let us see where Electra’s plan leads us. I will retrieve the girl and we will join you and the prisoners where Fall’s Trail meets King’s Road."
As Dagon hurried back to his headquarters, he saw Take the Thief being led to the outdoor mess by his guard. He motioned them over hastily.
"We leave at once with the prisoners to be exchanged," he said. "I can offer you safe passage as far as Geoffrey’s castle in Fernland if you wish to join us."
The thief thought quickly. "May I bring along my friend and fellow-deserter as well?"
Dagon was about to say no when Take continued. "I believe he will shelter me from King Geoffrey until I can make my escape south."
"Very well," Dagon said, "but his conduct is your responsibility." He turned to the guard. "Include his friend among the prisoners."
Dagon mounted his horse and took off at a gallop to retrieve Electra.
As Dagon neared the entrance to the cave he saw Electra waiting just outside. They moved toward each other until they were touching. He put his mouth to her ear and shouted over the roar of the falls.
"I believe we will test your plan. In fact, I think we might leave at once for Fernland."
"Of course. The sooner, the better," Electra replied, flashing a smile that lit up her face.
"Is there anything you will require for the trip?" Dagon asked.
"Only your protection," she said, pulling her blanket around her.

Chapter 48

Village of Helsop 

Serafina sat on a cot in the tent Blackwell had provided for her. Now that her rift with Electra had been healed she was free to concentrate on her own plan for the future. Her hexes and charms were spread out on the cot along with the ingredients to make more. She touched the various herbs, roots, bones and powders carefully, concentrating on the unique qualities of each. She wondered if she needed a love charm to secure Blackwell’s affections.
"Anyone home in there?" came a gruff voice outside her tent.
"Who asks?" Serafina called.
"Phinneas Blackwell. Are you decent?"
Serafina sniffed, annoyed by the interruption of the elder Blackwell, but called out, "You may enter," as she covered her charms with her cloak.
Blackwell's father looked around as he came through the opening. "A little sparse." The tent was furnished with only a cot and a wooden stool. "We have better to offer in Henge." He smiled at his understatement.
Serafina waited for him to get to the point.
After a little foot and wooden peg shuffling, he pulled up the stool and cleared his throat. "My son is not what you would call, umm, passionate. In fact I've never seen him let an emotion get through unchecked. But I could tell last night at the victory dinner—he  is interested in you."
"Yes," Serafina said.
The elder Blackwell looked surprised. "Did he say something to you?"
"No, as you say, he views the world through a stern eye. Still, one senses things."
"Exactly, and unlike Prince Blackwell, you are a woman of great passion if I'm not mistaken. You have a thirst for revenge. I can appreciate that. My son is a good statesman, but he has no love of war. He will eventually offer you some business proposal and buried deep within it, a marriage proposal, unless I miss my guess. I want you to know I would support it. I won't be around forever to get him fired up when the need arises."
Serafina smiled in spite of herself. "Your support is most unexpected," she said. "If such a business proposal is forthcoming, I will consider it."
"Father, are you in there?" came Prince Blackwell's voice.
"Enter," Serafina said.
Prince Blackwell stood frowning at the tent’s flap. "I do not like finding you two war-mongers together," he said, "I trust you have not had time to plot some new campaign?"
"Perish the thought," his father said, "this victory has set things right."
"I am not so sure," Blackwell said, "my scouts have been unable to find the girl and Dagon has gone himself to supervise the first round of prisoner exchanges. He never acknowledged my request for a victory toast. This is highly unusual. I believe he has discovered Electra's identity and goes to extract a ransom."
"Then let Dagon have the ransom," his father reasoned. "The more ransom King Geoffrey pays, the more he is weakened. Besides, these people in Helsop have no food. If they don't get resources from Geoffrey they'll be wanting them from us, from the coffers of Henge"
"Your preoccupation with King Geoffrey continues to blind you to the threat of an enriched and independent Helsop," Prince Blackwell said. "I have sent men to intercept Dagon and the prisoners. He may have Electra with him."
Blackwell realized he had been thinking out loud and checked himself. "But enough of business. I will have you both join me for lunch, where I can keep an eye on the pair of you."
Serafina secreted two of her charms in the pocket of her cloak and folded the blanket back over the others. "Lunch would be most welcome," she said.
Prince Blackwell lifted the flap of the tent for her to walk through ahead of him.

Chapter 49

Road to Fernland 

Electra and Dagon waited on horseback at the top of a hill near Fall’s Trail. Deimos, three guards and the long slow line of shackled prisoners moved up the hill toward them. Dagon looked back toward Helsop, searching the sky above the village. As Deimos and the guards reached them, a thin column of smoke rose from the field near the command post.
"Is Helsop in danger?" asked Electra.
"No, but perhaps we are," Dagon answered, "count the puffs of smoke."
The thin line of smoke disappeared for a moment, then erupted into a single grey cloud. This cloud was followed by seven more puffy clouds before the thin column of smoke resumed.
"Eight mounted soldiers," Deimos said. "Their horses will soon overtake us."
"What soldiers are these?" Electra asked.
"I left orders with my men to signal us if Blackwell sent men out of his camp," Dagon said. "These eight are too many for messengers. They are coming to find you and take you hostage for Blackwell." Dagon watched Electra carefully to see her reaction to this turn of events.
"Then we must make haste and try to outdistance them," she said anxiously.
Dagon’s face broke into a broad smile.
Electra looked confused, then angry. "You find the possibility of these eight taking me prisoner amusing?" she asked.
"No," Dagon said, suddenly serious. "But I do find reassurance in your desire to avoid it." He turned to speak to Deimos. "We will be better able to hide if we take to the deer trails on foot and keep to the forest."
Dagon noticed Take the Thief and his friend. They were unshackled, walking with the three guards at the front of the line.  He waved them over.
"You two, come with us," he ordered.
Dagon dismounted and helped Electra down from her horse, then led their horses to the guards.
"Take our mounts," he said to the guards.  "We will retrieve them at Geoffrey’s castle. Blackwell’s men will soon catch up to you. Tell them I have gone ahead and will meet you and the prisoners at Geoffrey’ castle. Do not tell them who is with me or offer any explanation as to why I rode ahead. Just continue on with the prisoners as before."
The guards saluted and took the reins of the horses.
Dagon took Electra by the hand and moved quickly off the road and into the cover of the forest. Take and Tom followed and Deimos came last, brushing out their tracks with a branch.
As they moved deeper into the forest, the speckled glow of the sun spattered foliage lit their way. Their footsteps were muffled by the soft cushion of moss beneath their feet. Electra had both time and silence to reflect on Dagon’s words and realized that he still thought her capable of going over to Blackwell’s side.
"Did you really think I might want to be captured by Blackwell’s men?" she asked.
"Your strong attachment to Serafina is obvious and she seems firmly in Blackwell’s camp."
"Yes, that is true," Electra said. "But Blackwell has not the fondness for me that you profess to have." Her voice held a hint of skepticism.
Dagon was taken aback. He had forgotten that he was supposed to be in love with her. He realized he was holding her hand none too gently and quickly dropped it to put his arm around her shoulder.
"I should never have doubted you," he said. "Your plan to seek King Geoffrey’s blessing on our engagement is a gift, and more than I deserve. Will you forgive me?"
"How could I not forgive such a sincere apology?" Electra said, wincing at the blatant insincerity of his words.
Dagon looked at her impassive face out the corner of his eye and tried to busy himself clearing the path.
They pressed on through the forest until darkness overtook them.
"We’d best not risk a fire," Deimos cautioned.
The five sank down under a heavily boughed tree and brought out a dinner of dried meat, bread and lentil pudding. Take the Thief stole furtive glances at Electra as he ate.
Finally Electra said, "We’ve not been introduced. I am Electra."
Take looked as though he might bolt for the forest. He gulped down his piece of bread and said, "Enchanted to make your acquaintance, Ma’am. I’m called Take and this here’s my mate, Tom." He nudged Tom, who nodded solemnly.
Dagon smiled and said, "Actually you have met Take before, but you were probably too young to remember."
Take began coughing and took a drink of water. He began to speak, then put his head in his hands and muttered, "It was Serafina made me do it."
Electra looked at Dagon, puzzled by Take’s unexpected behavior.
"Take was evidently instrumental in kidnapping you soon after you were born," he said.
Now it was Electra’s turn to stare at Take. She turned a severe glance at Dagon, saying, "And Take is one of your men?"
"No, no," Dagon said, "far from it. Take was a prisoner of war until he won his freedom by revealing Prince Avor’s presence in our prisoner stockade."
Tom looked confused and whispered something in Take’s ear.
"You are both a kidnapper and a traitor?" Electra asked in an accusing voice.
"It was not my fault," Take said miserably.
"Tell me the story of my abduction," Electra said. "I will not judge you. It is worth that much to hear the truth."
Take began his story at the time of Electra’s birth, changing a few facts along the way to  put himself in a better light. Electra listened carefully without interrupting. When he was finished, she asked, "Did Serafina give any reason for abducting me?"
"No," Take said. "But everyone knew that…" He stopped mid-sentence and turned his face away.
"Everyone knew what?" Electra asked.
Take stared at the ground and said softly, "She may have been angry that King Geoffrey broke off his engagement to her because he wanted to marry her sister."
Electra wrapped her blanket around her and stood up. She walked a short way off and lay down with her back toward the group.
Later, Dagon sat down beside Electra and waited.
"What is it?" she asked, finally.
"Has it changed your feelings for Serafina to hear Take’s story?" he asked.
"It has confirmed what my brother told me, and I suppose it inclines me more toward meeting Fernland’s king and queen."
"They will likely be overjoyed to have you back. I do not know that they will be equally happy with the idea of our engagement."
"Umm," she said.
"How goes your contemplation of our engagement?" he asked.
"Umm," she answered.
"You realize my men and I are at risk in this endeavor. If you should choose against me, there is nothing to stop Geoffrey from taking the rest of us hostage to gain Avor’s release."
Electra considered his words and knew that, for once, he was speaking the truth. She decided to be truthful in return.
"I would not allow that to happen," she said. She leveled her gaze straight into Dagon’s eyes. "You are not the only one who cares about Helsop. I intend to use whatever filial currency I have to forge the alliance. I will not allow Geoffrey or Blackwell to continue to abuse Helsop if I have the power to stop it. Does this satisfy you?"
"I am overwhelmed, Electra." His face mirrored his surprise. "It is not often that others feel as I do about Helsop. I…I… hope above all that you will choose to marry me and make your home in Helsop."
"Yes, I know," Electra said, the skeptical note returned to her voice, "So you have told me."

Chapter 50

On the way to Fernland 

Electra awoke to the warmth of sun shining through evergreen boughs. She felt well rested. The pine needles beneath her had made a cozy bed. She heard Dagon and Deimos talking close by.
"Blackwell’s men have joined the prisoner convoy. They outnumber the guards and have taken command," Deimos said.
"They know I will have to join the prisoners sooner or later," Dagon said. "I must be present to represent Helsop in the formal exchange of prisoners."
"They’ll likely be waiting outside Geoffrey’s castle bridge, hoping to take Electra back to Blackwell," Deimos said.
"They have seen Electra in the clinic; we will need a clever ruse to get her over the drawbridge past Blackwell’s men," Dagon said.
As Electra walked toward them, they both stopped conversing.
"Good morning," Dagon said to Electra. "Did you sleep well?"
"I did." she said. "Will we be here long enough for me to bathe in the stream?"
Dagon looked at Deimos. "As long as Blackwell’s men travel with Helsop’s prisoners, we are not pressed to move quickly."
"Enjoy your bath," Dagon told Electra. "I’ll tell our deserters to make a campfire."
Electra walked down to the stream and waded in fully clothed. The water was very cold but her need to bathe and soak out the grit and grime of travel kept her moving toward the deepest part of the stream. She washed quickly, her face, her hair, her arms and feet. Then she sloshed out of the stream and wrapped her blanket around her. She smelled smoke and headed for the campfire.
Electra walked past the campfire to find a secluded place to remove her dress and hang it up to dry. She heard movement in the bushes and quickly wrapped her blanket around her. She relaxed, but stayed quiet when she realized it was only Take and Tom gathering firewood. 
"Say, what’s this?" Take asked.
"Blimey, it be a nest," Tom said. "By the look, mayhap turkey eggs."
"That’s what that noise was, woke me up this morning. Turkey gobbles."
"I’ve a way with eggs," Tom said. "Should we take ‘em ya’ think?"
"Why not?" Take said, "Nobody here is going to report us for poaching."
"At’s a fact, isn’t it mate? Hard to say whose side we be on now, eh?"
"I’m always on my own side," Take said. "But now as we’re mates and all I guess we’re on the same side."
"That’s me feeling ‘xactly," Tom said.
"You know I might have a way we could make some money once we get back to Fernland. I could count you in if you’re of a mind," Take said, lowering his voice.
"Always lookin’ ta’ add to the pot, long’s it not agin’ the law." Tom said.
"Probably no law to cover this," Take said, fishing in his pockets for his unsold tickets. "Remember when I joined the line of conscripts, how I was dressed?"
Tom laughed, "Fer sure that isn’t a thing I’d soon forgit."
"I was got up in costume that to sell these." Take showed him his tickets. "I couldn’t make ‘em fast enough. Folks was lined up to buy them."
"Would ya’ look a’ that? Tickets with bitty dancin’ girls. Did ya’ make ‘em yerself?"
"I did" Take said, pleased with the compliment.
"So yer some kinda actor an’ yer part a’ this ‘ere play?”
"I suppose there could be a play," Take said, considering the idea.
"There’d hafta be, wouldn’t there? I mean as yer sellin’ tickets fer it?"
"Sure, there’d have to be," Take said. "You know we’d better get these eggs cooking. How long’s it been since we’ve had fresh eggs for breakfast, mate?"
"Too long, an’ that’s a fact," Tom said.
The two walked into the campfire area loaded down with eggs and firewood.
Electra walked into the clearing soon after.
"Good morning," she said, "Are those eggs?"
"Eggs is one ‘a their names, an’ breakfast be a tother," Tom said, laughing.
Soon Tom and Take had rigged a tripod made of sticks. They hung their pot from the tripod and began cracking eggs into it.
Dagon and Deimos followed the smell of cooking eggs into the campfire circle. They sipped tea as they waited for breakfast.
"Have you decided on a ruse to get me past Blackwell’s soldiers?" Electra asked.
Deimos frowned when he realized she had overheard them talking, but Dagon seemed unconcerned.
"Not yet," Dagon said. "We need a disguise or a conveyance they would not think to search. But we have time to devise a strategy."
"Take has some experience with disguises," Electra said.
Take dropped his stirring stick into the pot of eggs and then burned his fingers trying to retrieve it. He stood silently, sucking his burned fingers, wondering how to respond.
"You must have overheard me telling Tom about my job selling tickets for a play," he said finally. "I was dressed as a whirling dervish to attract customers. It was a small thing. I have no expertise in disguises." 
"When was this?" Dagon asked.
"Ah, recently," Take said.
"You are still selling tickets for the play, are you not?" Electra asked.
"The battle between Fernland and Helsop intervened," Take said. "We could perhaps continue now."
"A play?" Dagon seemed interested. "What sort of play?"
"The Great Sheiks of Araby."
"Show him the tickets you made," Electra said.
Take gave Electra a sour look and pulled the tickets from his pocket. Everyone gathered around to look at them.
"Perhaps we could incorporate them into our plan. What do you think, Deimos?" Dagon asked.
Little beads of perspiration were forming on Deimos’s forehead. "I think I don’t like the idea." he said. "Not if it involves me play acting in the Great Sheiks of Araby. I’d rather fight my way into the castle with a kitchen knife." 

Chapter 51

Castle at Fernland 

Queen Delphinia remained in seclusion. King Geoffrey worried about his wife, but was grateful he did not have to face her. Losing the war was bad enough, but losing Avor was unbearable. The men Avor had sworn to secrecy when he joined the ranks were now taking their meals in Geoffrey's dungeon. He felt the familiar pain of not knowing if his child was alive or dead. This time the pain was consuming. He wondered if his gaze had fallen on his son as his army marched north. Had he looked at Avor and not recognized him in the sea of young faces before him? Some said they thought he was taken prisoner. Many were afraid to say anything lest they also end up in the dungeon. Geoffrey paced the width of his throne room, scowling at anyone who attempted to speak to him. He stopped abruptly when a page announced the arrival of Muller the Spy and his wife.
King Geoffrey growled ominously, "His wife? Send him in!"
A red-faced Muller entered cautiously, pulling Angelica along at his side.
"A new wife, is it?" Geoffrey said loudly. "And have you just returned from your honeymoon?"
"Your Majesty, I sent word of Serafina's deceit. I admit I was taken in by her trickery, but once aboard ship there was nothing I could do." Muller hung his head miserably.
"So once aboard you decided to have a vacation and entertain the ladies?"
"This is Angelica, the girl Serafina sent in Electra's place to deceive me. I spent many hours interrogating her and, well…" Muller went back to hanging his head while Angelica smiled brightly.
A hasty, but prolonged, fanfare announced the unexpected arrival of Queen Delphinia.
"My dear, I am so glad you are feeling better," the king ventured.
The queen looked at him through puffy eyelids. "My poor Geoffrey," she said, "I know you suffer as I do. I heard there was news out of Helsop."
The king looked down at his feet. "We believe Avor is captured. There is to be a prisoner exchange." He peered up at her hopefully.
The queen sat on her throne and covered her face with her hands as tears slipped through.
"Are those tears of hope?" he asked.
The queen noticed Muller and Angelica and tried to compose herself. "Welcome home Muller," she said. "I fear we have fared poorly without you."
Muller bowed low. "Your Highness," he said. Angelica followed her husband's lead and bowed as well.
"And who is this with you?" Delphinia asked.
"My wife, Angelica, Your Highness."
"Your wife? When did this happen?" she asked.
Muller looked embarrassed and glanced at the King to see what he should say.
"This is the fictitious Electra that Muller wrote of in his message," Geoffrey said, now wanting to end his interview with Muller quickly. "It is of no importance. We must let Muller get back to work."
Delphinia stood up abruptly and motioned the girl to come closer. She looked at her dark hair, her dark eyes, and her slim build. "Perhaps," she began hopefully.
Muller stepped up beside Angelica. "I'm sorry, Your Highness, there is no chance of her being Electra. Believe me, I wished it as much as you."
"I doubt that," Delphinia said. "How did Serafina come to use you in her scheme?" she asked the girl.
"She knew I wanted to escape my father. He has devoted his life to drink. I supposed she wanted to help me start a new life. And in fact, she did just that," Angelica said, smiling at Muller. Angelica watched the tears begin to gather again in the queen's eyes. "Believe me," she said, "if there was any chance I was your daughter I would proclaim it from the rooftops."
"Will our trials ever end?" Delphinia asked through muffled sobs.
Geoffrey had no answer for this. He could not endure Delphinia's tears.
"We will go back," he said. "We will be ready for Blackwell this time. We will raise a bigger army." The king stood up and looked around for the Captain of the Guard.
Queen Delphinia stood as well. "Perhaps we should wait first for the prisoner exchange. It may bear the result we seek. M'Lord, I fear I have underestimated my need for seclusion. May I be excused from your presence?"
As Queen Delphinia left with her lady in waiting, Geoffrey's bluster evaporated. He motioned Muller forward and said quietly, "I have a new mission for you. Take your wife to your quarters and meet me back here."

King Geoffrey was alone when Muller returned.
"You have heard about Prince Avor," he stated.
"I have, Your Highness. How did it happen?" Muller asked.
"My fault, not yours, this time. I should have guessed he would join the ranks, even against my orders," the king said.
"You have a plan, Your Highness?"
"Yes I have a plan!" the king shouted. "I plan to get my son back!"
"Of course, Sire." Muller waited.
"We do not know if he is a prisoner or if he…; we are certain of nothing at this point. I want you to find out."
"I will leave at once, Your Majesty."
"Not yet. We have a small hope that he might be part of the prisoner exchange. They should be here by tomorrow. If they think he’s just a conscript, and a young one at that, they might include him. They will try to get their best soldiers back in exchange for draftees with little training." The king was quiet for a moment. Then he whispered, "And have you heard about Electra?"
"No, Your Highness, nor have I asked. I was afraid to let out any hint of her."
"They have her as well," the king said.
"How?"
"It is a long story." The king knocked his scepter against his throne irritably. "They may not know who she is either."
Muller waited quietly, his mind racing with schemes to infiltrate Helsop and free King Geoffrey’s children.
"Be ready to leave on the morrow," Geoffrey said. "We will see the outcome of this exchange and plan accordingly."
Muller bowed and backed away. "I will await your command, Your Majesty."

Chapter 52 

Electra, Dagon and Take watched the drawbridge to Geoffrey’s castle nervously, waiting for Tom and Deimos to return. It had been several hours since the two had crossed over the drawbridge into the castle surround, dressed as raggedy woodcutters, carrying great loads of sticks.
Six of Blackwell’s eight soldiers stood in front of the drawbridge watching every person who entered the castle gate. They paid little attention to men and children, but checked every woman carefully. None of the soldiers had challenged Tom or Deimos as they approached the drawbridge with their bundles of sticks.
King Geoffrey’s guards stood close to the drawbridge, as was their custom, watching people going in and out of the castle, questioning foreigners and directing merchants to the marketplace. The drawbridge remained down from dawn till dusk. It was drawn up each day after sunset and stayed up for the night.
Blackwell’s soldiers were too far away to be recognizable so Electra couldn’t tell if the two soldiers she had seen at the clinic were among the six outside the castle bridge.
"Why does King Geoffrey allow Blackwell’s soldiers to stand outside his gate, questioning people?" Electra asked.
"I am sure he would not, were it not for his hope that Avor might be among the prisoners they have accompanied," Dagon said.
"Could he not send spies out to see if Avor is among the prisoners?" Electra asked.
"It is likely Blackwell’s men have hidden them some distance from the castle, waiting on my arrival to begin the exchange," Dagon said. "They have no authority without me. Blackwell has no prisoners in Geoffrey’s dungeon."
"Would they really be so brazen as to abduct me right there at the bridge, under the noses of King Geoffrey’s guards?" Electra asked.
"Without a doubt," Dagon said. He paused, and pointed toward the bridge. "Look, is that Deimos under that bundle of rags?"
Five rag pickers walked over the drawbridge. One was a head taller than the others. Although he walked bent over, seemingly straining under his load, there was something familiar in his gait.
"I think it is," Electra said. "That must be Tom behind him."
Take moved in behind them to peer through the foliage.
"That’s Tom, I’m sure, Take said. And those three women are following him. One must be his wife, Angie."
Blackwell’s soldiers paid no attention to people coming out from the castle. The five stayed on the road until they were close to the spot where Electra, Dagon and Take waited. Then they veered off into the woods, the girls giggling and fanning themselves.
Deimos dropped his huge load of rags on the ground and the others added their baskets of rags to the pile.
"No trouble?" Dagon asked.
"None," Deimos answered. "Blackwell’s soldiers hardly looked at us."
Take the Thief shook Tom’s hand enthusiastically and smiled at the girls.
"Me wife Angie, ‘an ‘er pals Trixie an’ Peaches," Tom said, pointing to each girl as he introduced her in turn.
"Pleased as punch ta’ meet ya’," Angie said.
"Are we really goin’ ta’ be harem dancers?" Trixie asked, giggling.
"I must warn you there is some risk involved in this plan," Dagon said to the girls.
"An’ be ye the outlaw, Dagon?" Peaches asked, wide-eyed.
"I am only a soldier of Helsop, I hope, not an outlaw," Dagon said.
"You are too modest," Electra said, smiling at Dagon’s discomfort.
"An’ ye be the long lost princess ‘erself?" Trixie asked.
"For now, just another harem dancer," Electra said.
"This ‘ere is all too excitin’," Angie said, patting her hand over her heart. 
Tom put his arm around his wife and smiled hugely.
"We would be in your debt if you could help us to get Electra through to the castle, unrecognized by Blackwell’s soldiers," Dagon said.
"Aye, Tom ‘as tole us and we got some ideas, don’t we girls?" Angie said.
Trixie and Peaches giggled and nodded.
The men stood back and watched as the girls tore through the piles of rags, pulling out tambourines, lumps of coal, gauzy strips of material and other mysterious bits and pieces.
They set to work at once. Angie began plaiting Electra’s hair into dozens of narrow braids while Trixie rubbed her skin with coal dust. The braids were oiled with a henna mixture until Electra’s hair was a rich auburn color. Then they applied ink to her face and arms, painting an exotic pattern of tattoos. When they were satisfied with Electra’s transformation, they began transforming one another.
"Isn’t me Angie the clever one?" Tom asked proudly.
"Incredible," Take said, unable to move his eyes away from the girls as they worked their magic.
When the four had finished with one another, they began whispered evaluations of the men.
Deimos began to perspire and looked anxiously at Dagon.
"What did you have in mind for Deimos?" Dagon asked.
After more whispering and giggling, Trixie said, "We’re thinkin’ he’d best be the Great Shiek of Araby hisself, what with ‘is size an’ all."
"I’d never pull it off," Deimos said. "I might put them all in danger."
"They’re all in danger with or without you." Dagon said. "If the soldiers recognize Electra, you are her best chance. You could grab her and run for the castle if it came to that."
Deimos slumped dismally as the girls tried to bolster his confidence.
"Fer me own self I’d say yer made fer the part," Peaches said.
"Aye, it’s a fact," the others chimed in.

Within an hour the troupe was ready.
Deimos stood in front, outfitted in turban, flowing robes, fierce tattoos and a huge mustache. They had decided against a sword as any weapon would draw attention.
Next came the dancing girls with their tambourines. Electra would go first, directly behind Deimos. Take and Tom followed, both costumed as whirling dervishes.
They practiced their steps, Deimos walking in a heavy, stomping manner while darting threatening looks from side to side. The girls, thinly veiled with their tattoos still visible, banged their tambourines over their heads and swiveled their bodies in time to their music. Last came the two whirling dervishes, spinning high and low in wide skirts with red cumber bunds.
"I do not know," Dagon said, clearly worried. "They’ll be expecting disguises."
"I could offer them free tickets," Take said.
"They will not be bought off," Dagon said, his fingers circling his chin as he thought. "I think your best chance is to go through at the busiest time of day."
"That would be just before dusk," Take said. "Everyone rushes to get inside the castle gates just before the drawbridge goes up for the night."
"Good," Dagon said. "Now, assuming you all get through the gate, you will stay tonight with Tom and Angie. Tomorrow you will take tickets to the castle kitchen and entertain the kitchen staff with song and dance until I send word to Electra that the time is right to reveal her identity to the king and queen."
"Will Blackwell’s men try to detain you?" Electra asked.
"They would be foolish to try. When I appear without you, they will be forced to give up the search. They have no reason to stay longer."
As the sun touched the horizon, the troupe of players emerged from the forest. They joined the crowds of people rushing to reach the castle before dusk.
As they neared the gates, the girls began to dance and the whirling dervishes began to whirl. The crowds stopped to watch. Some in the crowd pointed to Take the Thief.
"I’ve a ticket to this ‘ere play," someone said. "There’s the one sold it ta’ me."
The crowd began to clap in time to the tambourines.
"Oh lookit ‘ere at yon’ fierce sheik," a woman said, laughing.
"Last call!" The guards at the gate shouted. "The bridge is going up."
Blackwell’s soldiers tried to fight their way through the crowd to get a closer look at the dancing girls, but the crowd pushed them aside. The drawbridge chains began to creak and strain as the last of the crowd pushed through.
Dagon strode forward as the drawbridge banged shut for the night. He stopped in front of Blackwell’s soldiers.
"What are you men doing here?" he asked.
The soldiers recognized Dagon and saluted smartly.
"We were ordered to accompany the prisoners," the captain said.
"I gave no such order," Dagon said.
"We were ordered by Prince Blackwell, Sir."
"Prince Blackwell is overly generous with his soldiers. Where are my prisoners? I was to meet them and my guards here at the gate."
The captain looked around nervously. "You are alone then?"
"Captain, you are no longer in charge. I will ask the questions. Where are my men and my prisoners?"
"My apologies," the captain said. "We will take you there at once."

Chapter 53 

At dawn the next morning Dagon, the prisoners to be exchanged, the three militia guards from Helsop, all waited by the castle moat for the drawbridge to be lowered. Dagon  had sent Blackwell’s soldiers back to Henge with assurances that he would meet with Prince Blackwell as soon as he returned.
The drawbridge descended slowly and King Geoffrey’s royal guard rode out to escort them to the castle courtyard where the prisoner exchange would take place. Fernland’s soldiers wore full dress uniforms of red and gold for the occasion. Dagon and his guards looked quite disheveled by comparison.
The king and queen were both present for the exchange. They sat on ornate chairs shaded by an overhang of brocaded cloth. Dagon walked into the tree lined courtyard followed by nine prisoners. As the nine prisoners walked into the courtyard, the royal pair searched their faces anxiously.
"I thought there were to be ten," Geoffrey exclaimed.
"Yes, there is another, two more actually," Dagon said, "but I would like to speak to you privately concerning them."
The king and queen exchanged nervous glances. "What manner of game is this?" the king demanded. "I have ten of your men ready for release. I will not stand for trickery."
"It is your choice. I will leave behind one of the ten Helsop prisoners you have ready if that is your wish."
Queen Delphinia touched Geoffrey's arm and whispered something in his ear.
"Queen Delphinia asks that you be our guest for tea," Geoffrey said, reining in his anger with great difficulty.
"I accept your gracious invitation, Queen Delphinia," Dagon said with a bow.
The two sets of prisoners sat facing each other in the courtyard, both under guard, while Dagon followed the king and queen into the castle.
Dagon sat at the table with the royal couple as a serving girl laid out tea and cakes. As she was leaving, Dagon addressed her casually. "I believe you are entertaining several harem dancers in your kitchen. Could you ask the one called Electra to join us?"
The cup and saucer in Queen Delphinia's hand began to shake uncontrollably. King Geoffrey jumped up and promptly sat down , unable to settle on any one statement or action.
"Our Electra?" the queen gasped.
"Yes," Dagon said, smiling.
Moments ticked away in silence until Electra appeared at the door. Her hair was restored to its true color, the coal dust complexion was gone and the ink tattoos had been scrubbed clean. Still dressed as a harem dancer, she closely resembled Queen Delphinia.
"This could be a trick, my dear," King Geoffrey warned.
"Are you Electra?" the Queen asked.
"Yes," Electra said.
"My daughter?"
"So I am told, though I have no way of knowing."
Queen Delphinia approached her slowly, taking in every feature, memorizing her face, touching her hair until she could bear the separation no longer. She crushed the girl to her, moaning and weeping, releasing the pain she had carried for so long.
Electra could not help but be moved by such a display. Although she had determined she would appraise her mother and father calmly and fairly before passing judgment, she now found herself pulled along on the strong tide of her mother’s emotion. She hugged her mother and tried to comfort her.
Even King Geoffrey, fighting to maintain a composed demeanor, was betrayed by a jittery stomach. He hiccupped loudly behind Delphinia. "Well, I must admit you two look enough alike to be mother and daughter," he said. He hiccupped again.
"Come, sit down," Delphinia ordered. "You must tell us everything. From your first memory. Everything."
"Perhaps we could wait a bit for all that," Geoffrey said.
Queen Delphinia glared at her husband fiercely. Geoffrey was so shocked he moved away from the table. Dagon followed quickly.
"Electra is a free woman," Dagon said to the Geoffrey as the monarch recovered from Delphinia’s fierce glare. "I make no demands in exchange for her coming here. I do, however have a list of demands that I hope will result in an alliance between us."
Geoffrey frowned and stepped through the door to the balcony. Dagon followed and closed the door behind him.
"What is this nonsense about an alliance?" Geoffrey demanded, feeling much more himself, apart from the women.
"I am sure you know we have Avor as well," Dagon said.
"Is he unharmed?" Geoffrey asked, glancing fearfully through the window at Delphinia.
"Unharmed and safe," Dagon replied.
"Is he the tenth prisoner?"
"I am sorry, no, I could not take the chance. You might have decided to take him, and throw me in your dungeon."
"No doubt of that," Geoffrey said, warming to the discussion. "Why consider an alliance with me, now that you have Blackwell to fight your wars?"
"Blackwell's army camped on Helsop's doorstep makes for sleepless nights," Dagon said. "I want to explore other possibilities."
"Let me see your list of demands."
"I have no need of a list," Dagon said, tapping his head. "Though, if we are able to  reach an agreement, we will need to make our alliance official. First, we want freedom to sell our products here in Fernland without tax or restriction. The same would apply to Fernland’s products in Helsop."
"What has Helsop to trade, anyway?"
"We are excellent toolmakers. It is enough to keep us fed if we can charge a fair price."
"Tools, eh? More likely weapons, I think. You will arm our neighbors just as you have already armed Blackwell of Henge."
"Blackwell doesn't need us to arm Henge. He has ships coming daily to the port in Henge City, and his pick of weapons."
"What else?"
"Free passage for our people through your territory."
"Not enough to make the weapons, now you plan to deliver as well. What else?"
"Freedom for the thief who stole Electra from your nursery."
"What? Why do you care about a thief?  Besides, he has already escaped."
"He helped us get her through the gate. Blackwell's men were there, ready to capture her and demand a ransom."
"I wondered what all that was about. Blackwell’s soldiers gave me some cock and bull story about an escaped lunatic bent on disrupting the prisoner exchange. What else?"
"Your presence at my engagement banns."
"What nonsense! Who are you marrying?"
"Your daughter."
King Geoffrey stared at Dagon. "Are you daft? Do you see what's happening in there?" He lifted his chin in the direction of Delphinia and Electra. "Sixteen years. It is a miracle Delphinia has kept her sanity. She is a strong woman, but you cannot take Electra away from her now. It would kill her. Tell me the truth. Is that really our Electra and not a look-alike you have brought in to trick me into some harebrained alliance?"
"She is your Electra and now mine, as well. We first captured her with Avor at the bridge, but we did not know who we had. Events would have gone quite differently had we known. She gave us a fantasy story about crystal balls and fortune tellers. It took some time before we got to the truth."
King Geoffrey walked back into the room with his wife and daughter. Queen Delphinia had finally let go of Electra's hand.
"Electra," King Geoffrey said, "we have missed you every day for over sixteen years. May I give you a hug?" Electra stood and embraced her father.
"I've wondered so many times about my father," she said.
"Dagon tells me you wish to become engaged to be married."
Delphinia looked up nervously, "But surely you are too young. You are much too young. We do not know your young man. He may not be suitable. No, no, this cannot happen, not yet. Geoffrey? Tell her."
Electra put her hand on her mother’s shoulder. She had never imagined her mother would still love her so much. Perhaps she should confess that the engagement was only a ploy. But her attachment to Helsop was not feigned. And Serafina’s hatred of her father put her on guard against him. Not yet, she thought.
Electra smiled from her mother to Dagon. "Actually you do know him. Dagon and I have come here to ask your blessing on our engagement and on an alliance between Fernland and Helsop." 
"I can't…" Delphinia stood up gasping for breath and fainted into Geoffrey's arms.
Geoffrey glared at Dagon as he eased Delphinia back into Electra's arms and shouted for help.
Delphinia revived quickly and reached desperately for Electra’s hand.
"You must think me a silly old woman," Delphinia said.
"Of course not," Electra said. "We should have been more circumspect."
Delphinia patted Electra’s hand. "You are a lovely young woman. I must not try to treat you as a child. But might you consider a somewhat lengthy engagement? We could come to know one another -- perhaps become friends?"
The pleading look in Delphinia’s eyes made Electra lower her own eyes. She felt ill-equipped to deal with a mother’s desperate love. But as she considered her mother’s request she realized it fit perfectly with her own wishes, both to aid Helsop and to give herself more time to decide what path her life would take from here. She smiled back at Delphinia.
"A lovely idea, in fact, the best plan all round," she said. "I will discuss it with Dagon at once."
Electra took Dagon’s hand and pulled him with her out to the balcony.
"How goes our bid for an alliance?" Electra asked.
"I believe he will agree to anything to get his children back. Once he has you both—I  do not know."
"The queen’s love for me has bloomed in my absence," Electra said. "Perhaps I could take Avor’s place in Helsop to guarantee the alliance."
"You mean you will truly agree to marry me?" Dagon asked
"I believe both Queen Delphinia and I would be content with a lengthy engagement. I will insist I be allowed to come and go between Fernland and Helsop during our engagement. If it becomes lengthy enough, the alliance will become entrenched."
"I must be content with what you are willing to offer," Dagon said. "I believe you do this for Helsop’s sake and for that I am grateful. But…" His voice trailed off. He seemed hesitant to continue.
"But what?" Electra asked.
"You do not plan to marry me, in the end, do you?"
"Why would you say such a thing?" Electra asked, watching him carefully.
"Be on your guard, Princess Electra," Dagon said. "I plan to win your love, not for Helsop’s sake, but for my own."
Electra saw no hint of a smile on Dagon’s face. She began to believe she should indeed be on her guard.

Chapter 54 

Electra spent the morning with Queen Delphinia while King Geoffrey and Dagon completed the prisoner exchange and met with advisors to discuss the terms of their alliance. 
Queen Delphinia gave a series of whispered orders to her attendants before resuming her conversation with Electra. "Come with me," she said. "I have some things to show you." She led Electra through a narrow doorway and down a long hall. Delphinia opened a door and stood back as Electra entered.
"This was your nursery," the queen said, holding Electra’s hand.
The room was warm with a southern exposure and high windows. A shelf held the sorts of toys a little girl would love, a miniature castle with tiny furniture, dolls wearing satin gowns, an ornate bassinet hung round with brightly painted wooden animals.
"You have kept this room all these years?" Electra exclaimed.
"I could not bear even the thought of changing any part of it."
Electra tightened her grip on her mother’s hand. "It must have been terrible for you," she said, aware for the first time of the pain Queen Delphinia had endured.
"But that is all behind us now." Queen Delphinia smiled and pulled Electra out of the nursery. "Let us go on to the new room I have chosen for you."
Delphinia walked quickly down the halls of the castle until they reached a door guarded by one of Geoffrey’s palace guards.
"This was my room when I was your age and now it will be yours." Delphinia opened the door, her eyes shining with excitement. The room was large with tapestries hanging on every wall. The ornately tasseled wall hangings depicted royal celebrations with richly attired men and women.
An iron posted bed sat in the middle of the room. On it lay a collection of materials, fringes, lace and trim pieces. A woman dressed in a well-tailored green gown stepped forward with various pieces of cloth in her arms. She bowed to Electra and the queen.
"This is Daisy, my helper," Delphinia said. "She is so clever with a needle and thread."
"I have begun work," Daisy said, blushing, "but I have deferred many decisions until I could discover your preferences, Your Highness."
Electra wondered for a moment why Daisy was looking at her instead of Delphinia, then realized that Daisy had addressed her as Your Highness. She struggled for a proper response.
"I am overwhelmed," Electra said, finally.
Delphinia appeared pleased by her reaction. She took Electra’s hand in hers.
"We will all sit down presently and make the decisions together," Delphinia said to Daisy. "Let us see first what progress you have made with the wardrobe."
Delphinia led Electra to a huge closet where a few gowns were already hung up.
"We will take your measurements as soon as you are ready," Daisy said. "These gowns are some that may be altered to fit. I knew you would need some to choose from for the banquet tonight."
Electra ran her fingers over the silky materials. "They are lovely," she said, turning to Delphinia. "There is a banquet tonight?"
"To celebrate your homecoming," Delphinia said. "Only the family and a few advisors who are anxious to meet you."
"So soon?" Electra asked. She felt as though she needed more time before taking her place so firmly in this royal family.
"The sooner, the better," Delphinia said. "We have already waited sixteen years."
Electra, Delphinia and Daisy left for the family’s private dining room. They ate lunch, then made selections for curtains, bedding and gowns. Delphinia left after lunch, somewhat reluctantly, to instruct the kitchen staff on preparations for the evening banquet.
Electra returned to her room with Daisy and asked if she might have some time alone to rest before the banquet. With a snap of her fingers Daisy cleared the room of servants and closed the door behind her as she bowed and left.
Electra looked out her window at the forested hills beyond the castle, savoring the quiet. She thought back to her decision to leave Chase Bound with Avor. It seemed so long ago, but had actually been only a few weeks. She had accused this king and queen of murdering her mother, Serafina. There was no doubt now that Serafina had lied to her. And that her lies had sprung from her hatred of King Geoffrey. Was the hatred justified? It did not  seem so, but her ties to Serafina were still stronger than her ties to her parents. She had time now to study her parents. This engagement to Dagon would work in her favor. She went over the strategy in her mind until a knock at the door interrupted her thoughts. She wondered if she might just ignore the intrusion. Then she sighed and said curtly,
"Enter."
A young page opened the door cautiously and stepped inside.
"King Geoffrey requests your presence in the throne room, Your Highness," he said, bowing.
"Perhaps you could show me the way," Electra said.
Electra followed the page downstairs and through long hallways to the throne room, wondering what her father might want to discuss with her.
"The Princess Electra," the page announced at the entrance to the throne room.
"Come in, My Dear," Geoffrey said. He sat at a small table in front of the massive golden thrones and waved her into a chair beside him.
"We haven’t had much opportunity to talk. I did not want to rob your mother of time with you. She has waited so long for this reunion. I believe she takes some comfort in your choice of a lengthy engagement."
"I begin to sense the pain my abduction must have caused her," Electra said.
"Yes, you seem a compassionate young woman." The king paused. "Could it be that this proposed marriage is really a gesture of sympathy on your part for the people of Helsop?"
Electra was taken aback at her father’s accurate assessment. "Why would you think that?" she asked, trying not to reveal her feelings.
"Your mother has a similar disposition," he said, watching her closely.
Electra, suddenly on guard, wondered if he might rescind his part in the alliance with Helsop if she admitted that he was correct. She decided not to take the chance.
"I admit I see this alliance will be to Helsop’s advantage, but it will result in advantage to me as well, as I have chosen to make Helsop my home."
"And why is that?" her father asked, seeming to mull the question over in his own mind. "I find it odd that you would decide to marry the man you first met as your captor." Geoffrey’s voice held only curiosity, with no hint of judgment.
"The people of Helsop hold Dagon in high esteem. He treats all men fairly." Electra felt she was floundering. She stopped herself short of saying something so trite as ‘he says he means to win my love.’
"Has he treated your brother, Avor, fairly? Has he sheltered him in accordance with his rank?"
"Helsop lacks the means to treat him as a prince," Electra said. “But they have secured him as well as they are able, in a private tent. He has not been mistreated."
"I am grateful for that. Still, we wish to free Avor as soon as possible."
"Yes, of course," Electra said.
"Dagon says that after we sign the alliance in Helsop and Avor is released to us, you are free to come and go as you wish."
"It is as you say," Electra said.
"Then why not come back to Fernland with us for a time. Your mother and I would be so grateful to have both our children together after so many years."
Electra heard the warmth in her father’s voice but sensed a trap. Was she being too cautious? Had Serafina poisoned her mind against parents who only sought to love her?
"I…I have made promises that I intend to keep. But I will plan a visit to Fernland soon. I, too, wish to know my family better."
"I see." He paused. "I believe we can be ready to leave tomorrow. Would that suit you?"
"Certainly," Electra said. "You will sign the alliance on our arrival in Helsop?"
"I suppose we must if those are Dagon’s conditions for Avor’s release," the king said. "You are certain, then, that you wish to post the marriage banns as the alliance requires?"
She hesitated, then said, "Yes, I am certain."
King Geoffrey shrugged his shoulders and shook his head slowly, but said nothing more. Electra realized the audience was over and stood up to leave. She walked out of the throne room knowing she had not been honest with her father. He had guessed her real reasons for the engagement and she had denied it. Perhaps she should offer to return with them for a few days, at least.
She turned back to the throne room and quietly opened the door, hoping her father was still there. She heard voices and turned to leave, not wanting to interrupt. Then she stopped to listen.
"It is just as I suspected," her father said. "She has a young girl’s romantic notions of saving Helsop. Thankfully, she is not in love with that scoundrel, Dagon. This alliance must not take place. You have your orders and you know where to find him. See to it."
Electra quickly stepped behind a pillar. The man went out the door and Electra waited a few seconds before following him. She watched as he took a back stairway. She stayed out of sight behind him, but was careful not to lose the sound of his footsteps.
She came out of the castle close to a series of stables. She followed the man, keeping to the shadows of the buildings. He rounded the stables and went into a small house. She waited a few minutes and was about to move closer when the man came out of the house carrying a bag.
A young woman came to the door to kiss him goodbye. The woman looked familiar. Then it came to her. This was the gypsy girl from Chase Bound who sometimes did favors for Serafina. Serfina rewarded her with coins or food when she brought a customer to her cabin in the swamp. What was her name? Angelica! 

Chapter 55 

Electra stood behind a door to the stables, deciding what to do next. She wanted to follow the man, and she wanted to find out what Angelica was doing in Fernland. She made her decision when the man reappeared on a horse, galloping past her toward the castle drawbridge. She brushed the straw from her clothes and went to knock at Angelica’s door.
Angelica opened the door. "Why, Electra! Or should I say Princess Electra? Queen Delphinia must be so happy to finally have found you!" 
"And you, Angelica, here in Fernland! Do you live here now? When did you find out I was Princess Electra?"
"For a short time I was supposed to be you. It was Serafina’s plan to keep them from finding you. But I am explaining it badly." She stood aside and waved Electra through the narrow doorway. "Please come in, we’ve so much to tell each other."
While they sat together near Angelica’s little stone fireplace, Electra listened to the story of Angelica’s sea voyage and her subsequent marriage to Muller the Spy. Electra looked at the dying embers and realized suddenly that she had been gone far too long from the castle. She interrupted Angelica’s tale.
"Where is your husband off to just now? I saw him leave as I neared you house," Electra said.
"He wouldn’t say. Some business for the king. Some dark deed I’d venture as he packed his knives and cudgel."
"I believe he just came from a meeting with my father," Electra said, hoping for more information. Instead, Angelica changed the subject.
"Isn’t this incredible, how we’ve both come to live in Fernland? And you, all this time not knowing you were a princess. Can you believe it?"
"I am beginning to," Electra said. "The title comes linked with its own set of problems. Even now, my absence has probably become a matter of concern." She stood up to leave.
"But you’ve only just got here," Angelica protested.
"It seems my life is no longer entirely my own," Electra said. "I had best return before a search is organized. But Ido look forward to a longer visit soon." Electra rushed out the door before Angelica could say goodbye.
Electra ran back up the castle steps. She tried to sort out everything she had heard. Was Muller on his way to kill Dagon? Surely he wouldn’t try such a thing while Avor was still a prisoner. Still, with knives and cudgels…She had been right not to trust the king. He thought her a silly girl.
She came to a long hallway that looked dark and unfamiliar. The stone walls dripped condensation. She backtracked to the throne room entrance and down a different corridor. Should she try to get a message to Dagon? He would surely be at the banquet tonight. She tried to calm her breathing as she entered her room. 
"Where have you been?" Delphinia asked, jumping up from the bed.
She tried to sound cheerful but Electra could see that she had been worried.
"King Geoffrey asked to see me, I became lost, returning to my room," Electra said.
"Of course, you would. How careless of me not to have assigned a lady to wait upon you. We will find someone at once to accompany you..., until you become more familiar with the castle."
Delphinia and Electra spent the remainder of the day with dressmakers and jewelers, getting ready for the evening’s festivities. Electra’s thoughts kept returning to Muller and his knives, but she still wasn’t sure what to make of it. One thing she knew for certain—her father meant to undo the alliance if he could.
At the appointed time Electra walked into the receiving hall beside her mother and father. She wore a light green chiffon gown and a small diamond tiara. Her arrival at the hall was met with thunderous applause and shouts. "Long live King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia! Long live Princess Electra!"
A long line of dignitaries stretched along the wall. The king and queen stopped at the head of the line. "Captain Hanford, so nice to see you," Queen Delphinia said. "This is our daughter, Electra."
General Hanford bowed. "Your Highness."
Electra was unsure of the proper response. Since he didn’t put his hand out, she surmised shaking hands would not do. "It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance," she said. 
The captain lifted his head and smiled at Electra. "We have hoped for this day for so long," he said.
"Thank you," Electra said. She looked at her mother for a clue as to what was expected next, if anything. Her mother beamed happily, and took a step forward.
The next man in line bowed to the king and queen.
"Minister Crespie, I am so glad you could be here," her mother said. "Minister Crespie sees to Fernland’s treasury," she said to Electra. She returned her attention to the minister. "This is our daughter, Electra."
"So nice to meet you," Electra said. She looked at the long line of dignitaries ahead and tried not to sigh aloud.
After the introductions were finally complete, the guests were ushered into an expansive dining room. Electra was only mildly surprised to find Dagon seated at the far end of the table. He had not been included in the introductions and no one had mentioned the upcoming alliance. Electra sat between her mother and Daisy, her newly appointed lady in waiting.
As soon as all the guests were seated, servants in pairs swept into the dining room. While one held the tureen the second ladled the soup into bowls. The king waited until about half the guests had their soup before tasting his. As soon as he tasted it and nodded his acceptance, the other guests joined in. It was a thick soup with chunks of meat and vegetables. Electra realized she was hungry, even though she had consumed a large lunch, and she cleaned her bowl. A servant was immediately on hand to refill it, but she shook her head and he backed away.
The soup bowls were removed and replaced with salads and warm slices of bread.
"Will this be the end of it?" Electra asked Daisy.
Daisy put her fingers to her mouth to suppress a smile. "Oh, no. There will be four more courses with wine, and then, dessert."
"Truly!" Electra said. She picked at a lettuce leaf and glanced down the table at Dagon. He was busy with a second bowl of soup. He probably had no idea how much food was still to come.
Queen Delphinia looked down at Electra’s plate. "I must remember you do not care for salad," she said. "I should have asked your favorite dishes and planned the menu accordingly."
Electra hardly knew how to respond. Telling her mother what a luxury it was to have anything at all to eat after her weeks in Helsop did not seem a good idea.
"It is all delicious," she said. "I am just not accustomed to large meals."
"That would explain why you are so thin," her mother replied. "Thin but lovely," she added quickly.
By the fifth course, the diners were slowing down. As plates of pheasant and potatoes made their appearance, a series of toasts began. The first was made by King Geoffrey.
"We welcome our Princess Electra home after sixteen long years." Cheers, clapping and stamping feet accompanied the drinking. More toasts followed and the servants were kept busy refilling wine glasses. By dessert the diners began to look both tired and tipsy.
Finally, King Geoffrey stood up. All the guests stood as well.
"Delphinia and I thank you all for your warm words of welcome. We thank the fates for our daughter’s return. Only one thing remains to complete our happiness. Tomorrow we begin our journey to Helsop to bring Prince Avor home."
"Hear! Hear!" the guests shouted. The dinner was over. People made ready to leave, most to begin preparations for tomorrow’s journey.
Dagon made his way to Electra’s end of the table.
"You are a vision," he said.
"And you as well," Electra said. Somehow he had managed to find clothes fitted for the occasion. "How goes the alliance negotiation?"
"A simple thing has somehow become complicated with many officials involved," he said. "How goes the reunion with your parents?"
Electra’s expression turned wary and she moved close to speak in a whisper. "I believe my father seeks to subvert the alliance. It is possible your life is in danger. He sent a man…"
Dagon quickly stepped back and bowed as Queen Delphinia moved behind Electra.
"Did you enjoy the banquet, Dagon?" she asked.
"I shall require no more food for a week," he said with a smile.
Delphinia returned his smile. "I plan to arrive in Helsop prepared to celebrate doubly, both Avor’s release and the banns’ posting," she said. "Do you mind terribly if I steal Electra away from you? We have so much to pack before tomorrow."
"Of course not," Dagon said. "I have matters to attend to as well."
He gave a slight nod to Electra to show that he had understood her warning. "Until tomorrow, then," he said.
"Until tomorrow," Electra said as she accompanied Queen Delphinia out of the banquet hall.

Chapter 56 

Electra awoke the next morning from a restless sleep. An array of sounds rose to her window from the courtyard below. She looked out to see a colorful procession taking shape. Soldiers galloped to and fro shouting orders, while servants scurried about, loading their wagons with fruits, vegetables, chickens, cooking pots, tables, chairs, tents, blankets and sundry items. Pigs, cows and sheep were tied behind the wagons. Yoked horses stood ready at the front.
A group of about a hundred men walked and stumbled into the square, shepherded by the palace guard. They shielded their eyes from the sun. Prisoners released from King Geoffrey’s dungeon, no doubt. Already some good has come from the proposed alliance, Electra thought.
Coaches and wagons for the royal family and their ministers were driven into place. Entertainers and musicians assembled around wagons decorated with red and gold streamers. It looked as though half of Fernland would be making the trip to Helsop.
Electra turned away from the window to find Queen Delphinia coming through the door to her room. 
"I had to come at once to see you were truly here, and not just a dream," the queen said. "It is a gift to see you seated before that window. Would that I could keep you here always." She tilted her head to the side and smiled, savoring the moment.
"Good morning," Electra said, "I see preparations for the journey are well underway."
"Yes, soon we will have your brother returned to us as well." She paused, and pressed her fingers to her mouth. "But surely you must return with us for a time. We will finally be a family."
"I have made promises," Electra said.
"But those promises could be delayed, could they not? Besides, it would be unseemly for you to live in Helsop, without a chaperon."
"You may leave a chaperon with me if that is required, but I must be free to come and go as I please." Electra spoke firmly but calmly, hoping her mother would see that further argument was futile.
"Your father will insist on guards, as well; it really would be so much easier if you would just agree to return with us, at least this time, until we can set up a proper place for you to stay when you visit Helsop."
"I already have my own house there. Dagon has assigned guards to protect me," Electra said.
"I doubt that your father will approve. We will have to see this house," Delphinia said. "But we must put that aside for now; what more have you to pack?"
"My new clothes and jewelry are packed. I believe I am ready," Electra said.
A servant girl bustled into the room carrying stacks of materials. She flushed when she saw Electra, and took a step back. Delphinia gave a slight shake of her head and the girl turned to rush down the hallway.
Delphinia tapped her fingers against her lips, "You will need more clothes, of course. I have secured a coach for your dressmaker. She can sew as we travel."
Electra looked with disbelief at her mother, but said nothing. Could more dresses possibly be that important?
"I look forward to the time we will spend together in the carriage on our journey to Helsop. I have so many questions," Delphinia said. "But if we are to arrive prepared, I had best see to things now." The queen smiled and left quickly in a rustle of satin. She turned in the direction the servant girl had taken.
Electra patted her small bundle of belongings, feeling relaxed in knowing she had so few possessions to worry over. She resumed her post at the window.
An hour later the royal family descended the castle stairs and stepped into the royal coach, a large ornate carriage painted and trimmed in gold. Inside, red velvet covered the seats. King Geoffrey waved his hand out the window, a trumpeter blew a loud fanfare, and the long procession started out over the castle drawbridge.
Inside the carriage, Delphinia handed out little pastries to Electra and Geoffrey and settled back into her seat, smiling happily.
"We have a long trip ahead," she said, "a perfect time to hear all about your life growing up in Chase Bound. Tell me, did you ever dream of being a princess?"
Electra laughed, "No, such an idea never crossed my mind. I was always busy learning the properties and uses of things found in the swamp."
Delphinia puckered her lips in an expression of distaste. "I cannot believe Serafina allowed you to live in a swamp. I do not wish to speak ill of the dead, and I know she must have been deranged to have taken you as she did, but she was your aunt. She should have treated you better."
Electra stopped herself from correcting Delphinia’s notion that Serafina was dead. It would only muddle an already delicate situation. After all, she had thought Serafina dead, too, until very recently. She realized she was taking too long to respond and finally replied with a shrug. "I was happy to be her apprentice, even though I never had her gifts for sorcery." 
"You have led such an austere life. It must have been difficult," Delphinia said.
"I found it fulfilling. I suspect austerity suits me."
"You will find plenty of that in Helsop," Geoffrey put in.
"Stop, Geoffrey," Delphinia chided, "We have agreed to live by her decision. Perhaps with the alliance, Helsop will begin to prosper."
"That is my hope," Electra said.
King Geoffrey eyed her suspiciously, clenched his jaw and stayed quiet, seemingly content to sit listening as Delphinia, happy for the first time in many years, chattered on. 
By the time the procession made camp for the night, Electra felt drained and exhausted by her mother’s exuberant inquisition. She pleaded a fatigue that was not feigned and left their private campfire early for the solitude of her tent.
Finally alone, she began to review the conversation she had overheard between her father and Muller. Was Muller waiting here with his knives and cudgels? Why send him out ahead of the procession? He could as easily have come along with them, looking for an opportunity to dispatch Dagon.
The longer she thought about it, the less sense it made. She needed to talk to Dagon. So far her parents had been successful in keeping them apart. Electra was almost certain that was a deliberate strategy on her father’s part. She wrapped her new fur cape around her and stepped out of the tent. A wary guard stepped in front of her.
"M’Lady?"
"I wish to go for a short walk," she said.
The guard stepped away but followed a few feet behind her.
Electra walked back to the royal campfire, deserted now that the king and queen had retired for the night. She sat down and poked at the dying embers with a stick, occasionally flicking them to and fro, until her guard was distracted by an ember that escaped to set a patch of weeds ablaze. She quickly slipped into the dark forest.
She felt her way through the trees until she reached a moonlit clearing. She recognized Dagon’s saddle at the edge of the clearing. He lay wrapped, head to toe, in a blanket. Beyond him slept the crowd of soldiers newly released from Geoffrey’s dungeon. She moved quietly to where he lay and reached out to shake him awake.
Suddenly she found herself jerked back with a hand across her mouth. As she struggled, she heard Dagon’s whisper.
"You are the worst assassin I’ve ever come across."
"Stop it," she whispered. "I need to speak with you."
He led her away from the sleeping men to a fallen tree trunk, shielded by thick foliage. The dark night hid his expression from her but he reached out for her hand and she felt its warmth.
"I have tried many times to speak with you since your warning, but King Geoffrey’s guards keep me at bay," Dagon said.
"I suspected as much," Electra said. "The king and queen are understandably protective, but I believe there is a political strategy behind it as well."
"Tell me what your father said to you."
"It is not what he said to me, but what I overheard, that concerns me."
Electra relayed the conversation she had heard between Muller the Spy and her father.
"Geoffrey said, ‘we have the information we need now’," Dagon repeated. "And that was just after you had finished speaking with him?"
"Yes, I had not been honest with him…, but that is another matter."
"What did the two of you talk about?" Dagon asked.
"My reasons for wishing to marry you, what sort of man I thought you to be, how you were treating Avor; the basic concerns a father would have."
"What did you tell him about Avor?" Dagon asked.
"That you hadn’t the resources to detain him as befits royalty, but that you had given him his own tent and were not mistreating him."
"If I were in his place, my first concern would be to free my children. With you safely in hand, that leaves only Avor to be rescued. Were he able to free Avor before we arrive in Helsop, he would have no reason to sign the alliance or to allow our engagement to ensue."
"Do you think him capable of such treachery?" Electra asked, already knowing the answer.
"I would think him unfit to rule were he not capable of it. I sent Deimos back to Helsop after your warning at the banquet, fearing just such a strategy on his part. Deimos will tell Avor he will soon be free, and make sure he is carefully hid."
"Will even an alliance suffice where such distrust runs rampant?" Electra asked.
Dagon held her hand more firmly. "It is a beginning."
"I must return before my guard becomes frantic and raises an alarm," Electra said.
"What did you mean when you said you were not honest with your father?" Dagon asked.
"We will have time soon to discuss it," Electra said, hoping to delay an explanation. Now was not the time to tell him that she had lied to her father about wanting to marry him. "One of my demands is that I be free to come and go as I wish between Helsop and Fernland, and I wish to be free of banquets, dressmakers, and decorators for the foreseeable future. I hope no one has moved into my house in Helsop."
"If someone has, consider him evicted," Dagon said, smiling.
Electra walked back through the trees, whistling, until her frantic guard located her and fell in step behind her.

Chapter 57 

Deimos arrived back in Helsop at dawn, barely able to hold on to the reins of his horse. He had ridden two days and nights, stopping only to rest his horse and take short naps along the way. He slid from his mount in front of the command post and called for a soldier to take over the care of his grey stallion.
"Sir," the soldier said, leaning in towards Deimos, "Prince Blackwell has taken control of the command post."
"What?" Deimos shouted. He was instantly wide awake.
"He and his general are waiting inside," the soldier said.
Deimos glared at the door of Helsop’s command post, wishing Dagon was with him. He needed a strategy to deal with this impudent affront. His tired mind refused to co-operate. He dug into his pocket for the note Dagon had sent along with him for Blackwell. He read it quickly to refresh his memory.

To Prince Blackwell of Henge,
Please excuse my haste in seeking the speedy return of my imprisoned soldiers. We will certainly toast our victory on my return.
Dagon of Helsop

It was a start. He would have to feign ignorance of the alliance with Fernland. On the question of Electra, he willed himself to think, but no ideas came.
The door to the command post opened and Prince Blackwell stepped out. He looked at Deimos and conferred with his general. "You are Dagon’s second, are you not? What is your name?" Blackwell asked.
"I am Deimos. Yes, I am second in command."
"Finally," Blackwell said. "I began to think I would have to leave Helsop before I could extend my congratulations on our victory. When will Dagon return?"
"I don’t know," Deimos replied, "I returned before the exchange took place. But I carry a reply to your note to Dagon." He took the crumpled paper from his pocket and handed it to Blackwell.
Blackwell smoothed out the note and held it by the edges.
"Hummp," Blackwell snorted. "My army grows short of supplies. We cannot delay a victory toast indefinitely."
"I regret we have little to offer you by way of sustenance here in Helsop," Deimos said, trying to keep the sarcasm out of his voice.
"Come in, come in," Blackwell said, gesturing him into the command post. "You seem fatigued from your long journey. Did you ride through the night?"
"I was anxious to deliver Dagon’s message," Deimos said. He tried to control his anger at Blackwell’s audacity in welcoming him into his own command post.
Blackwell sat behind Dagon’s desk and waved Deimos into the wooden chair on the other side.
Deimos would have preferred to stand, but in his exhausted condition he almost fell into the chair.
"My soldiers have been unable to find the healer who works in the infirmary. We have need of her."
"She is with Dagon," Deimos said, wondering where this half-truth would lead him.
Blackwell’s face clouded over. "Why with Dagon?" 
"Dagon has granted her freedom and safe passage through Fernland as a reward for her work in the infirmary. He asked her to stay on as healer, but she chose otherwise."
"So she is with him at Geoffrey’s castle?"
"I don’t know. I believe she comes from further south, a place called Amorate? She may have returned home," Deimos said, skirting the truth.
Blackwell stood up. "We will be unable to await Dagon’s return. An army without food serves no purpose. You will tell Dagon that we in Henge look forward to a continuing friendship with Helsop."
He left with his general. Deimos watched as Blackwell spoke angrily to his general. More soldiers from Henge rushed forward, received their orders and took off at a run.
Deimos looked longingly at the floor, wishing he could stretch out and close his eyes, but one task remained. He would wait until Blackwell’s army had decamped before he spread word about in Helsop of the new alliance. But he needed to find a better place to hide Avor before he slept.
He walked to the tent with the sign that read "Quarantined". He looked inside where Prince Avor sat picking listlessly at his porridge.
"We’re going to move you to more comfortable quarters," Deimos said.
Avor looked up, but having nothing to say, reverted to his charade of not understanding.
Deimos told the guards to move the prince to Dagon’s house and post a heavy guard. After Avor was gone, Deimos finished the breakfast the young prince had left behind and sank heavily to the floor of the tent. He was fast asleep as soon as his head touched the floor.
Deimos was awakened by a sound outside the tent. He opened his eyes to darkness. He must have slept all day. Something was poking through the tent. A knife quietly worked its way back and forth, sawing an opening at the back of the tent. A crescent shaped hole appeared as the knife-wielder folded back a flap of the tent’s fabric.
"Your Highness, stay quiet, I’m here to help you escape," a voice whispered.
As the hole widened the knife wielder stepped inside.
"It’s Muller, Your Highness, are you awake?"
Deimos grabbed the hand that held the knife and twisted until the knife fell to the floor of the tent. Muller, caught off balance, fell forward and Deimos quickly pinned him to the floor.
"I’ve never been called 'Your Highness' before," Deimos said gruffly. "Just where is it I’m to escape to?"

Chapter 58 

After four dusty days on the road, the King’s Guard, at the head of the assemblage, crested the high plateau of Helsop. The royal coach followed close behind. As the village came into view Electra could see that Blackwell’s army had moved out, leaving only a huge patch of trampled earth behind.
News of the coming alliance had preceded them. The village of Helsop was colored with the blue and white glacier banners of Helsop flying next to the red and gold dragon banners of Fernland. A small contingent from Helsop rode out to welcome the royal procession. Polite formalities quickly broke into shouts of jubilation as the contingent spotted their friends and relatives among the prisoners newly freed from Geoffrey’s dungeon. Dagon was finally able to restore order and lead the visitors into the village square.
A table, elaborately decorated with pendants and banners had been set out in the middle of the square. Dagon invited King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia and Princess Electra to take seats around the table. Geoffrey frowned at the red and gold pennants, knowing most had been left behind by his retreating army. A copy of the proposed alliance was placed on the table. King Geoffrey stopped in front of the table. If his plan had worked there would be no signing of an alliance. Avor would be in Muller’s safekeeping, already on his way back to Fernland.
"I believe we are missing one member of the royal family," he said. "May Prince Avor be brought forward to witness the signing?" 
The king ran his eyes over the crowd hoping Avor had made his escape, and was disappointed when the crowd parted and Prince Avor, washed, with short dark hair fringed in yellow stepped forward. Queen Delphinia rushed forward to hug him. Prince Avor blushed, but allowed the embrace for a few seconds before he stepped back.
King Geoffrey searched the crowd for a few more seconds, as though looking for someone, then joined Delphinia in welcoming Avor.
"My son," he said, shaking hands, and clasping his shoulder.
"Father, I am not worthy to be called your son. I have committed treason by disobeying you."
Avor would have continued but King Geoffrey stopped him. "No matter," he said. "You see how all has ended well."
"But it has not," Avor insisted, lowering his voice. "Because of me you are forced into this alliance. Electra is forced into marrying a man so beneath her as to…"
King Geoffrey stopped him again. "It is her choice. I have made certain of that. Let us conclude this little pageant. In the course of time, all will be made right."
Avor looked as though he wanted to object further, but Delphinia took his arm and led him forward.
"But do you not see," she said, "everything is even now made right. We are all four of us together as a family for the first time. We will have a celebration and finally be happy."
Avor looked at his mother and realized that she was, indeed, happy for the first time in his memory.
At the signing table King Geoffrey called for the formal exchange of prisoners. All of Fernland’s captured soldiers were brought forward. Muller was among them. He tried to avoid the King’s angry eyes but they sought him out and he wondered if his career as a spy was finally at an end.
After the alliance was signed the whole of the village population surged toward the clinic where the banns announcing the engagement were posted. The crowd applauded Dagon and Electra and picnic cloths were spread out for the feast to follow.
The carts were unloaded and cooking fires started. Great slabs of meat rotated on hand turned spits. Cooks from Geoffrey’s castle set up makeshift tables to begin preparation of breads, puddings, tarts and cakes. Baskets of fruits were placed on the treaty table along with cheeses, mulled wine, beer and ale. The people of Helsop watched the food preparation with eager eyes, volunteering for any tasks which might involve tasting.
Jugglers, acrobats, jesters and musicians circulated among the crowds of celebrants. The square became an impromptu dance floor with many reunited families dancing in circles, holding hands.
Delphinia watched the entertainment with Avor and Electra at her side, clapping and laughing at the spectacle. Dagon and Geoffrey walked among their respective freed prisoners, listening to their stories and congratulating them on their freedom. At the sound of a loud gong, a hush fell over the crowd and all eyes turned to the wagons lined up beside the square. Dagon and Geoffrey rushed back to join the ladies.
"I have brought a surprise for you and Dagon," Delphinia said to Electra, barely able to contain her excitement. "I hope I have not made a mistake, one is a thief, I know, but they appeared to be your friends."
With the accompaniment of the castle musicians playing the exotic music of the desert tribes, the dancers of The Great Sheiks of Araby emerged from the coaches and wound their way through the crowd. Their ragged costumes had been replaced with luxurious satin materials, crusted with rich embroidery and colorful beads. Electra spotted several royal dressmakers in the crowd beaming with pride as they watched.
Deimos had been replaced by a huge burly man as the Great Sheik of Araby. He growled malevolently as he stamped along, sending children running to hide in their mother’s skirts. Angie, Peaches and Trixie had been joined by more of their friends, making a long line of Harem Dancers. Take the Thief led a whole troupe of whirling dervishes who threw out sweets to the crowd as they whirled.
Electra and Dagon laughed so hard tears came to their eyes.
As the performance came to a close Electra and Dagon shook hands with the Great Sheik Players. "I believe you have found a new calling," Electra said to Take the Thief.
Take grinned self-consciously.
Peaches grabbed Take’s hand. "Cause ‘a him we all ‘ave new jobs," she said.
"Aye, we be booked up now, isn’t that a fact?" Angie stated, turning to Tom.
"It be a fact fer sure," Tom said.
"An look ‘ere at these ‘ere costumes what yer mom ‘ad made fer us. Ain’t they grand?" Trixie asked as she offered the end of her veil to Electra.
"They are beautiful," Electra said, taking the veil in her hand for a closer look.
"I was sorry to see you replaced Deimos with another Sheik, although the new man was quite ferocious," Dagon said, smiling.
"We looked for Deimos," Take said. "I think he’s hiding from us."
The thought of Deimos, so brave and resolute in his soldierly duties, yet so stricken with panic at the prospect of ‘playacting’, brought more gales of laughter from Electra and Dagon.
As the Harem Dancers made their exit, Electra turned to her mother with new found respect and gratitude. She hugged Delphinia tightly.
"In my whole life, no one has ever gone to so much trouble over me," she said. "How did you manage to bring this whole troupe together, outfit them so elegantly and keep it a surprise? I am in awe."
Queen Delphinia blushed at the compliment. "I have a friend on the kitchen staff. My menu planner. We grew up together, playing dolls. She knows the mother of one of the harem dancers and helped me bring them together. The dressmakers volunteered for the job. They were excited by the idea of designing exotic costumes. They had a fine time, I am told, with their little conspiracy." The queen paused and looked sadly at Electra. "I am sorry that no one has ever gone to such trouble on your behalf before now."
Electra struggled to keep back the tears that threatened to flood her eyes. She managed a weak smile. "No matter," she said. "I would likely have been insufferable, otherwise."
As the celebration wound down, people with full stomachs looked for places to take naps. Electra watched an old woman with a cane make her way back to the village. The woman turned to look at Electra. She tilted her head towards the village and raised her cane. Electra continued to watch. And then she knew. Serafina.
"Mother," Electra said, turning to Delphinia. "Please excuse me for a moment. I see someone I need to speak with." Queen Delphinia turned away from her conversation with Prince Avor to say, "Of course, Dear, hurry back."

Chapter 59 

Electra followed the retreating figure slowly, confused in her feelings toward the woman she still thought of as her mother. She wanted to shout at her, condemn her for what she had done. At the same time, she wanted to greet her with a hug as usual, confide in her, ask her opinion of the path she had taken. Serafina had kidnapped her! She had lied to her, attempted to kill her brother. "Why do I still seek her approval?" she wondered aloud.
Electra looked at the empty village. She lost sight of Serafina among the houses. Perhaps it would be best if she did not find her until she had her feelings sorted out. She turned toward the little cottage that had been her home in Helsop. She peered in through the open door. Serafina stood waiting by the cot.
"Serafina! You have become a woman of many faces," Electra said, moving just inside the door. She made no move to embrace Serafina.
"Only as needed," Serafina replied. "My invitation failed to arrive."
"Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey believe you are dead."
"And you have not disavowed them of this notion?"
"Not as yet," Electra said.
"So you have chosen in favor of Helsop and Dagon."
"I have chosen to make Helsop my home. The engagement may not lead to a marriage," Electra said.
Serafina’s eyes turned curious. "Why else choose to live in Helsop?"
Electra did not answer quickly. The question hung in the air. Finally she said quietly, "You have taught me to value my independence. I believe I have the best chance of keeping it if I remain here, under Dagon’s protection."
"You have discovered for yourself that I was right in warning you of your father’s dominance," Serafina said.
"It is rather my mother’s unfettered love that weighs heavy, were I to choose to stay in Fernland," Electra said softly.
Serafina’s whole body tensed when Electra referred to Delphinia as her mother. She seemed to consider Electra’s answer for a moment, then asked, "You find Delphinia’s love burdensome?"
Electra glared angrily at Serafina. "What you did to your sister was reprehensible," she shouted. "She did not deserve all those years of sorrow. She lives in fear of losing me again." Electra bit back her anger and lowered her voice as she lowered her eyes. "And yes, it is burdensome."
A shadowy smile played around Serafina’s heavily disguised eyes. "Here is the advice you have not requested. Take care that you do not over-value Dagon’s protection. He and Helsop are much in your debt for now. I advise you to keep that advantage if you crave independence as much as you profess. You will always have Delphinia’s love, as you will always have mine, whatever path you choose. You are not responsible for her happiness. As to your father, know that he will use anyone to his advantage, including you. It is the nature of a king."
Electra listened, attentive, etching the words in her mind as always, feeling once again, the eager pupil. Serafina picked up her cane from the cot and moved toward the door. 
"You will find me in Henge, should you have need of me," she said, as she walked through the door.
Electra felt a sudden urge to run after her, but breathed deeply instead, She moved across the room to slump, drained of energy, on the edge of the cot, putting her hands over her eyes to dull the feeling of loss that always followed Serafina’s departures. She tried to hold Serafina in the contempt she deserved, and soon gave it up as a lost cause. Serafina would always hold her in thrall. Electra knew that in her way, Serafina did love her. It was a dark, possessive kind of love, quite different from Delphinia’s hopeful, protective love.
So many people had come into her life since her sixteenth birthday. Her brother, Avor, with his chivalrous, brotherly caring. Dagon, with his devotion to Helsop and its people. Could he separate his feelings for her from his feelings for Helsop? She doubted it. And her father. Was she truly only a pawn to him as Serafina believed? He had raised an army to rescue her. Did that signify love or something else? 
Electra looked up to find Dagon watching her from the doorway.
"I thought I might find you here," he said. "Who was that I saw leaving?"
"An old acquaintance," Electra said, not wanting to share her conversation with Serafina.
Dagon sat next to her on the cot. "The alliance is signed. Our soldiers are returned to us from Geoffrey’s dungeon. New trading markets await us. Helsop owes you a great debt."
Electra nodded, preoccupied with her thoughts.
"I am afraid our people still see you as a healer. I will forbid them from annoying you with their complaints if that is your wish. I do not want to give you any reason to return to Fernland, although I would understand if you did."
Electra turned her attention to him. "I wish to be of use," she said. "I would not stay otherwise."
"In time we will have more to offer you." He covered her hand with his. "I hesitate to speak of my love for you, not knowing if that would be incentive to stay or incentive to leave."
Electra smiled. She wondered if, in time, she might come to love him. He always seemed able to make her smile.
"I know your mother will argue against your staying," he continued. "She has already expressed her concern over your living arrangements." He tested the strength of a floorboard with the heel of his shoe. The board creaked loudly.
"She has expressed those concerns to me as well," Electra said. "But I am accustomed to living a plain life." She looked around the cottage. "I will need a stove, come winter, and a table for my herbs, some baskets, other containers. I do not require much."
"We will build you a better house, with space for your collections. One befitting a princess," Dagon said.
Electra put up her hand. "In truth, I have no love of luxuries. I am quite different from my mother in that respect." 
Electra stopped and looked intently at Dagon. She spoke slowly, thoughtfully. "But perhaps I am not so different from her in wanting to be of use."
Electra walked around the cottage taking note of its shortcomings. Drafts blew in around warped siding. Stains on the ceiling presaged leaks to come. A mossy green scale covered the window sill. "I worry for my mother’s spirit if I stay in Helsop, but perhaps if she felt of use… Let us go and find her."
When they reached Queen Delphinia, she was already organizing people to search for Electra. "Oh, you were away so long," she said, "I had begun to worry."
Electra took her mother’s arm. "Of course," she said. "I should have returned more quickly. I happened by my house in the village and realized there is much that needs to be done to make it suitable." She paused and looked at her mother. "Would it be too much to ask…" She paused again. "I would so appreciate your advice on renovations."
Queen Delphinia seemed flustered for a moment and then smiled brightly. "Why, I would be delighted to help," she said. "In fact, I will return as often as required to monitor the progress. I will bring my own staff if necessary. Show me this house."
Electra hugged her mother. "You truly are a kind and generous person. I am so fortunate to have you for a mother."
Electra could feel the bond with her mother strengthening as they walked to the village hand in hand. "I hope you will come to love Helsop, as I do," Electra said. "Perhaps you will begin to look forward to your visits here. We could explore the glacier together."
Queen Delphinia squeezed her daughter’s hand, happily. "It will be exactly as you say. We will come to know one another. We will be friends as well as family. And we will make your cottage a wonderful thing to behold. Together."
Electra looked at Delphinia’s glowing face and shared her happiness for this moment. "We will make something wonderful here in Helsop," she said, as she hugged her mother.

