Princess Electra Book 3  Gypsy Music

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2011 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Copyright ©-2011 by Robert Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Robert Maske

Smashwords edition 2011

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske



Princess Electra Book 3  Gypsy Music

Chapter 1

King's Lake in Fernland

A colorful caravan of wagons rumbled down King's Road toward Fernland.  The wagons were barrel shaped on the top, set into flat beds on wheels, each wagon pulled by a powerful horse.  The wagons were painted bright colors, purple with red and orange flowers, blue with yellow stars and moons, green with yellow patterns, a total of eighteen wagons in all, each with its own designs.  The driver in the lead wagon pulled gently on his reins, slowing the lead horse, while he studied the ships anchored on King's Lake and the construction activity on the north shore.  He stood up on his seat, reins in hand, and whistled to the driver of the wagon behind him.  With a series of whistles and hand signals, the caravan came to a halt.  Men climbed down from the drivers' seats and from within the enclosed wagons.  They wore satin shirts and brightly colored pants with sashes at the waist.  Their hair was long and dark.
The men walked to the side of the road facing the lake and huddled together for an impromptu meeting. Before long a few women emerged from the wagons wearing brightly colored full skirts and blouses.  They also had long black hair which they tossed from side to side when they laughed.  They too, looked with interest at the activity on the north shore of King's Lake.
The men's meeting broke up.  A consensus had been reached.  The little caravan turned off the main road onto a trail that ran to the lake, coming to a final stop at a spot on the south shore close to the water.  Here they circled their wagons and got out to look around.  An old woman eased herself down from a wagon painted red with yellow stars and moons.  She spoke to the driver of the lead wagon, a wide-shouldered man with long dark hair held at the back of his neck with a leather tie.
"You know we won't be here more than a day before the King sends soldiers to tell us to move on."  The old woman frowned her disapproval.
"What about those ships?"  He pointed to the seven tall ships anchored off shore.  "The King hasn't told them to move on.  Look at those stacks of wood.  They are making beams and boards from it.  It looks to me as though they are building permanent.  We may as well stay on until we see which way the wind blows here.  There may be opportunities for us."
The old woman shrugged.  "Ships are one thing.  They come and go.  Gypsy Travelers are another.  A king doesn't need to worry about sailors putting down roots."  
"Gypsy Travelers come and go as well.  Send out the girls.  Tell them to find out who is building what and on whose order."  The man turned his attention to unhitching the horses.
The old woman shook her head as she made her way to the largest wagon, painted bright yellow with blue waves.
"Juanita!  Esmeralda!"  She peered into the dark wagon.
After a good deal of rustling noise, two pretty faces emerged at the door of the wagon.  They looked as though they might have just awakened.  Esmeralda ran her fingers through her long black hair and yawned.  Juanita blinked at the sunlight and pushed her face forward to see where they had stopped. They both appeared to be in their late teens.
The old woman chuckled at the girls.  "El Grande wants the two of you to go tell a few fortunes and pick up information."
The girls emerged slowly, stretching and looking around.
Juanita smoothed out the wrinkles in her skirt.  "Where are we?"
The old woman pointed towards the water.  "This is King's Lake in Fernland.  There are ships anchored and men working on the north shore.  You know what working men means."
Esmeralda laughed.  "It means they have the coin to pay us to tell them what they want to hear."
"Off you go then."  The old woman smiled.  "You'd best take some love charms along as well.  There may be one or two men yearning for a particular girl.  But stay on your good behavior until we see which way the wind blows here.  No light fingered business.  Find out what they're building and who they're building it for."  
Juanita fanned her skirt out around her, wrinkling her nose.  "We're not light-fingered and I'm hungry."
The old woman started toward the area where others were already setting up a central cooking fire.  "I'll get you some apples you can take with you."

Esmeralda and Juanita arrived at the building site on the north shore and were soon discouraged in their quest for money and information.  No one seemed to speak their language or have time to admire their youthful good looks.  They passed by the first group of men sawing and shaving logs and stopped at a little cottage with a walled enclosure in the back.  A slender young girl was tending plants within the enclosure.  She looked up as the two Traveler girls drew near.
All three were surprised to recognize one another.  Juanita was the first to speak.
"Aren't you Electra, the sorceress Serafina's daughter?"
"It's you for certain," Esmeralda agreed, staring hard at Electra.  Something seemed different about Electra, perhaps she had filled out a little and she seemed to be wearing better clothes.  "So this is where you and Serafina took off to.  We heard rumors Serafina died in the fire that burned down your cabin in the swamp, but I never believed it."  Esmeralda looked at the cottage and lowered her voice.  "Is Serafina here?"
Electra remembered Juanita and Esmeralda from the Traveler's camp on the outskirts of Chase Bound, where she had grown up believing Serafina to be her mother.  She smiled as she held out her hand in greeting.  She decided to ignore any questions about Serafina for a time.
"Yes, I remember you both.  You lived at the Traveler's camp.  What brings you to Fernland?"
Juanita tossed her head to swing her hair from her face.  She lowered her voice.  "Those Chase Bound swell headed shopkeepers threatened to burn our wagons if we didn't leave town.  Just when business was good, too.  We picked up most of Serafina's old customers for charms and the like.  Someone started a false rumor that we were taking things from the shops."
"Somebody jealous of the free way we live, likely," Esmeralda added.  "Anyway, the whole camp moved out of Chase Bound.  We've been on the road for weeks coming north.  We're camped over on the other shore."  She pointed across the lake.
Electra moved to the side of the cottage to see the circular grouping of colorful wagons on the opposite shore.  A worried line crossed her brow.
"Are you planning to stay camped there?"
Juanita laughed. "If they let the likes of you and Serafina stay here, I suppose they'll let us stay as well."
Electra paused, wondering where to begin to explain her altered circumstances.  She was now a princess, reunited with her real parents, the King and Queen of Fernland, and Serafina was now the Princess of Henge, a sworn enemy of Fernland.  All this had happened in the few short months since leaving Chase Bound.  She could scarcely wrap her own mind around all the events that had brought her to this cottage on King's Lake.

Chapter 2

King's Lake in Fernland

Electra opened her mouth to begin describing the events that led her to this cottage by the lake only to close it again.  These Traveler girls would never believe her story.
She had left Chase Bound with her brother Avor, believing him a liar and worse—one of the persons responsible for her mother, Serafina's, death.  She had agreed to go to Fernland only to accuse the King and Queen of murdering her mother.  She certainly had not believed Avor's outrageous story about Serafina abducting her as an infant.
Now she knew it was all true.  Her real mother, Queen Delphinia, had mourned her daughter's loss for sixteen years.  Her father, as well, she supposed, although he had been at fault for breaking his engagement to Serafina.  Serafina had lied to her even in her death, pretending to be dead only to turn up later, defending her outrageous behavior.  In spite of all Serafina's misdeeds, Electra still loved her as a mother. Electra was saved from a recounting of the last few months when she heard someone calling her name at the front of the cottage.  It sounded like her brother, Prince Avor.
"Excuse me, for just a moment."  Electra left her little herb garden to walk to the front of the cottage.  Uninvited, Juanita and Esmeralda followed.
Avor stood at the cottage door, poised to knock again.
"Oh, there you are.  Mother wanted me to stop by and invite you for dinner.  We are having the Caliph and..."  Avor stopped talking when he noticed Juanita and Esmeralda.
Electra followed his eyes to the two girls.  "These are old acquaintances from Chase Bound—Juanita and Esmeralda.  This is my...uh, this is Avor.  He is an engineering apprentice."
Avor looked at Electra curiously, wondering why she had not introduced him as her brother.
Juanita smiled at Avor and winked.  "Finally, someone who speaks our language.  I'd wager that's very interesting work, being an engineering apprentice."
Esmeralda ran her fingers through her hair and laughed mischievously.  "Why don't you show us what you're working on?  We're new here and have no one to talk to."
Avor blushed and looked back at Electra.
Electra gave a tiny shake of her head, staring hard at Avor.  "He probably has to get back to work if he wants to keep his job.  Tell your mother I will be there."
Avor gave his sister another puzzled look before repeating, "My mother?"  He stood waiting a second for an answer that didn't come, then turned away.  "Right."  He gave a little wave to the two girls, then walked back toward the building site.
Juanita poked Esmeralda in the ribs.  "What a stalwart lad he is.  I think he liked me."
"Me, more likely," Esmeralda immediately insisted.
"He is big for his age, but he is still quite young." Electra felt the need to protect her younger brother from these aggressive girls.
"He looks old enough to me."  The two girls giggled together.  "Is he here every day?" Juanita asked.
Electra looked more and more uncomfortable.  "He comes and goes."
Juanita eyed Electra suspiciously.  "So what's your story, then?  Why'd the two of you leave Chase Bound in such a hurry?  And where is your mother, Serafina?"
Electra sighed.  She supposed she might as well tell them enough to satisfy their curiosity.  It was only a matter of time before they found out anyway.
"You may as well come in and have a cup of tea.  It is a long story."  Juanita and Esmeralda followed Electra into her cottage, eager to hear all the details.
Electra put water in a pot and hooked it to a metal rod in the fireplace.  She added some wood chips to the coals and sat a tea pot and cups on the table.
"Pull up a stool," Electra said.  "The coals are still hot.  We will not have long to wait."
"We're in no hurry."  Juanita pulled a stool close to the table.
Electra sat down and sprinkled tea leaves in each cup.
Esmeralda took in the richness of the newly built cottage.  "This is a smart little place you've got yourselves."
Juanita stared at Electra, willing her to begin her story.
Electra took a deep breath and began.  "It turns out Serafina is not my real mother."
Both girls leaned in closer to listen.
"My real mother and father are King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia of Fernland."
Juanita's jaw dropped and both girls were struck dumb by this news.  Then Juanita  began to laugh.  Soon Esmeralda joined her.
"That's a good one," Esmeralda gasped out between giggles.  "You had us spellbound with that one."
"And the apprentice engineer you just met is my brother, Prince Avor."  Electra was not laughing along with them.
Now Juanita grew angry.  "Fun is fun, but the joke's over.  Do you take us for fools?"
"If I took you for fools, I would tell you a more believable story that would soon be proven false."
The Traveler girls glanced at one another, then Juanita drew herself up straighter on her stool.  "If you're the King's daughter, how is it you're not living in the castle?"  Juanita's eyes narrowed with suspicion.
Electra sighed.  "So much has happened."  She paused to gather her resolve to continue.  "I choose to live here.  I am apprenticed to a physician to study medicine.  I could live at the castle if I chose.  And whether you believe me or not is of no importance to me."  Electra stood up with the teapot and stepped closer to the fire to ladle water into the pot.
The girls shrugged and whispered to one another while Electra's back was turned.
"Whatever you say."  Juanita held her hands high in surrender.  "So what of Serafina then?  Is she kin to royalty as well?"
"As it turns out, she is. But she has moved on to Henge."
The girls raised their eyebrows as they exchanged glances.
"So you'll be dining tonight at your brother's mother's house, which turns out to be the castle and your mother the Queen?"  Juanita looked as though she only wanted to clarify matters.
"That is correct. As I said—believe what you will."
"So where's this doctor you're apprenticed to?  Is this his place?  He seems pretty lenient—giving you today off, is he?"
"He is already at the castle.  He'll probably be at the dinner as well."
Juanita stirred her tea as Electra filled her cup with water.  "I don't suppose they'd be wanting you to bring your two old friends from Chase Bound along?"
Electra jerked her cup and a little tea spilled out.  She looked at Juanita with serious eyes.
"Should I even mention that your people are camped here?"
Juanita stiffened at the implied insult.  "Not if you're embarrassed to have us visit."
"You know what I mean.  I do not know what the King's policy is on Traveler camps but from what I do know about my father so far—he is not an easy man."
Esmeralda pursed her lips.  She seemed unwilling to believe Electra's outrageous claims.  "What about all these other lot of men out here building whatever on King's Lake?"
Electra shrugged.  "They have been hired to build a port.  They are only here for two years."
"They speak some foreign tongue."
"They are traders and ship builders from Taz.  Their leader speaks our language."
Juanita finished her tea and stood up.  "I know there are things you're not telling us.  But that's all right.  We have secrets as well.  If the subject of our camp comes up tonight, you might say we are here to visit you.  That's what a friend would do—if you are still our friend, and if you have been telling us the truth."
Esmeralda's expression turned coy as she braided a strand of hair and hooked it behind her ear.  "And tell your brother to stop by our camp.  I'd like to be friends with him as well."
Juanita hit Esmeralda on the shoulder.  "Not now, you fool."  Juanita turned to Electra, ignoring an angry curse from Esmeralda.  "Maybe we'll be back tomorrow to find out how your dinner went."  
Juanita walked out the door with her chin held high.  Esmeralda seemed reluctant to follow, still angry about being hit on the shoulder.  Finally, she followed Juanita out the door, repeating her words, "Yes, we'll likely be back tomorrow."  She paused, then finished.  "To see how your dinner went."

Electra rinsed out the cups in hot water and wondered if the subject of the Traveler's camp would come up tonight and what she would say if it did.

Chapter 3

Fernland Castle

Later that day the Royal Coach arrived to transport Electra to the castle.  She went looking for Avor but was told he had left earlier on horseback.
Electra arrived at the castle early in the evening.  No matter how many times she visited the castle, she was always struck by its enormity.  The castle had seven high turrets and countless rooms, most as yet unvisited by herself.  In the sunlight its yellow sandstone walls seemed warm and inviting, though in truth the interior was cool and damp.  It was hard to believe she had been born here.
She ran up the broad outside steps to the entrance, then up the smooth stone inside steps to her room where she quickly changed clothes.  Throwing her muslin work tunic aside, she picked through the gowns laid out on her bed.  She chose a blue satin gown, a gift from her mother, and walked at a dignified pace to the reception area.
A little group from the acting troupe had gathered at the entrance to entertain the guests with flutes and drums.  Electra saw Take the Thief wave to her as soon as she stepped through the door.  She walked toward him and he smiled at her.
"You look quite elegant this evening."  Take the Thief continued to keep the rhythm with his drum as he spoke.
"As do you."  Electra saw that all the actors were dressed tonight in the exotic robes and turbans of Taz.  "Have our Taz guests found a market for their goods in your acting troupe?"
"These clothes are only on loan to us.  They pacify us with trinkets while they delay in building our theatre."  Take lowered his voice.  "Have you seen any signs of construction on our theatre site as yet?"
"No, I am sorry.  I have not."  Electra lowered her eyes.  She knew Take would be disappointed.  "Would you like me to ask the Caliph when they propose to break ground on your theatre?"
Take seemed to consider her suggestion.  Then he shook his head.  "No, not yet."  He pounded harder on his drum.  "I believe I will pay them a visit down at the lake.  Perhaps we will put on a show for the workers."
Electra nodded and walked into the throng of people waiting to greet the King and Queen of Fernland.
Queen Delphinia saw her daughter and made her way through the crowd to greet her.
"Electra, my Dear, how wonderful it is to see you.  And how lovely you look in your new dress.  The blue color matches your eyes perfectly."  She hugged Electra, then took her hand and pulled her along to take a place in the receiving line.
Electra quickly began her litany of welcoming phrases as the guests filed past.  "So good of you to come."  "So nice to see you again."  "Of course I remember you.  Have you been keeping well?"  "Yes, I am a student of medicine now."  "No, I am sure you will not have need of my services any time soon."
Finally, dinner was announced and the guests made their way into the great dining hall.
Electra was seated next to Rabar, her physician mentor, and across from the Caliph, who sat near her father.
"Any casualties from the day's work?" Rabar asked her.
"No.  We had no patients today.  I did a little work in the garden.  The saffron plants are holding on, but no sign of blooms as yet."
Rabar frowned.  "The wall keeps them a little warmer, but they are not accustomed to rain in the summer months.  They may not be inclined to bloom because of it."
As the soup course was served, King Geoffrey cleared his throat and spoke to the Caliph.
"How goes work on our port project?"
"Ah, thank you for asking, Your Majesty.  We have made great strides.  Heroic strides, in fact.  Already we have wagon loads of felled trees from your forest arriving daily.  We have a temporary mill set up to turn them into the planks we need for siding.  The first of our buildings is already framed. I have never seen our men so eager in their labors.  It must be your healthy forest air."  The Caliph smiled at the King and Queen.
The King returned the Caliph's smile.  "My son Avor mentioned the framing of living quarters has begun."
"Yes.  We will save much time in the long run if my men are quartered ashore.  Too much time is wasted going to and from the ships.  We will likely bring in some cooks and domestic staff as soon as the barracks are complete, to further speed things along."
"Domestic staff," the King repeated.
"A few of our women folk.  It does not serve to use ship building men as cooks when others could free them for more skilled work."
"I met two women today," Avor said, as he dipped a piece of bread in his soup.
The Caliph turned to Avor, a look of surprise on his face.  "They are not our women.  We have only today reached a decision to bring them here."
"Yes, of course."  Avor blushed slightly.  "I remember now.  They said they were friends of Electra's from Chase Bound."
All eyes turned to Electra.  She choked a little on her soup and took a drink of water.  "Not friends exactly.  But I did recognize them as girls I knew from Chase Bound."
No one spoke for a few seconds and Electra did not enlarge on her comments.
"Are they staying with you?" her mother asked, finally.
"No, they are camped with their families on the other side of the lake."
Electra found her soup bowl empty and had nothing with which to occupy herself.
"I wondered what all those wagons were," Avor said.  "They look like gypsy wagons."
Electra looked at Avor with a pained expression.  "They call themselves Travelers."
"I see," King Geoffrey said.  "They neglected to obtain my permission in camping there.  I hope they continue to live up to their name and continue on in their travels."
"How goes your apprenticeship?" Queen Delphinia asked.
Both Avor and Electra looked up and Delphinia laughed.  "We do have two apprentices now, do we not?  I should have been more specific in my question.  She paused and looked proudly at both her children.  "Avor has told us a little of what he has learned as an apprentice engineer, but we have not heard as much from you, Electra."
Electra pursed her lips and considered her experience to date.  "The men from Taz seem a healthy lot.  We have had little to treat in the way of illness.  But I have learned a great deal about the treatment of cuts, bruises and scrapes.  I have set a broken leg and assisted in the amputation of a finger."
Delphinia put a handkerchief to her mouth.  "Please, no talk of amputations at dinner.  Though I applaud you stoicism.  And we thank you, Physician Rabar for taking our daughter under your wing."
Rabar looked up when he heard his name mentioned.  He had been watching his father, the Caliph, with a concerned expression.  Electra noticed now what had concerned the physician.  The Caliph had not touched his soup and his eyes had a feverish cast.
"My mother was thanking you for taking me under your wing," she whispered.
Rabar cleared his throat as he nodded at Queen Delphinia.  "The Princess Electra is a natural born healer.  It is my good fortune to have her in my service."
Queen Delphinia beamed with pride.
King Geoffrey patted his wife's hand and turned back to face the Caliph.
"About how many domestics had you thought to bring in?"
The Caliph seemed to be counting to himself as he put up one finger after another.  Then his hand wavered for an instant and his eyes glazed over.
Rabar jumped from his chair and ran around the table to his father's side.  The Caliph attempted to stand up, but instead slumped into his son's arms.
Dinner guests rose from their chairs to gather around the Caliph until Rabar called out.
"Stand back.  Give him air.  Help me get him to a bed."
Electra and her family followed the men carrying the Caliph.  
"Take him to the royal physician's chambers," King Geoffrey commanded.

Chapter 4

King's Lake

Electra checked her apothecary garden as soon as she arrived back at the Lake.  All the medicinal herbs native to Fernland flourished—the sage, lavender, comfrey and valerian—but the saffron plants native to the warm dry coastal area of Taz were barely clinging to life.  She clipped off some basil for her stew and returned to her cottage.
Electra stared at the flames beneath her stew, considering how she would fill her day with no patients and no mentor to give her assignments.  Physician Rabar had stayed at the castle to look after his father.  When she left early this morning, Rabar had been arguing with the royal physician, Rothman, over the best course of treatment for the Caliph.  She looked up from her stew as a shadow moved past her window.  A soft knock at the cottage door quickly followed.
Electra opened the door a crack, saw a face she recognized and swung the door fully open.
"Angelica!  What a nice surprise.  Come in."  Electra looked around outside before closing the door.  "Did you come with your husband?"
Angelica was the wife of Muller the Spy, although Electra had known her even before she married Muller.  Electra first met Angelica when she lived in Chase bound.  Angelica lived at the Traveler's Camp in Chase Bound before Serafina drafted her into a scheme that sent Angelica off on a ship to impersonate Electra and lead Muller on a wild goose chase.  This resulted in Angelica's meeting her future husband.  Electra wondered if the coincidence of the recently arrived Traveler's caravan had anything to do with Angelica's visit.
"No."  Angelica removed her shawl and dropped it on the table.  "Muller doesn't know I'm here."
"I am making a stew.  I hope you will have some with me."  Electra saw the worry on Angelica's face and decided to wait on asking about why Angelica had come to visit.
Angelica ignored Electra's invitation and seemed preoccupied with her worries.  She began speaking in a soft voice.  "Muller is arranging a raid on the Traveler's camp on King Geoffrey's edict.  He plans to order them to leave.  If they refuse, he will bring in the Royal Guard to make them leave."  Angelica fingered the fringe on her shawl.  She slowly raised her eyes to meet Electra's.  "Muller doesn't know these are my people."
"I see."  Electra went back to cutting onions and cabbage for her stew.
"I don't want anyone to get hurt."  Angelica pulled a loose thread on her shawl and the edge began to unravel.  "But my father must not know I am here."  A tear formed at the corner of her eye.  "Especially now."  She dabbed at the tear with a handkerchief.   "I am going to have a baby."
Electra put her knife down on the table.  She put her arms around Angelica and hugged her.  "This is wonderful news.  Muller must be so pleased."
"He is."  A second tear made its way down Angelica's cheek.
"Tell me what I can do to help."  Electra left her hand on Angelica's shoulder.
Angelica took a deep breath and sat down on a stool.  "I don't really know.  I suppose my father is with them.  I'm sure he is still a drunkard if he has not already drunk himself to an early death."
"Would you like me to find out?"
A light flashed in Angelica's eyes.  Then she shook her head.  "I don't want to involve you in my problems."
"I am already involved.  Juanita and Esmeralda paid me a visit yesterday.  They will likely return today."
"Those two!"  Angelica grimaced.  "They attract trouble."
"I could ask them about your father if they come by."
"No," Angelica said quickly.  "They will be suspicious and they are very clever.  At least Juanita is.  They know I disappeared about the same time as you and Serafina.  And worse than that—they know Muller."
"How could they possibly know Muller?"
"He came to our camp in Chase Bound.  He didn't see me.  He spoke to the men.  He asked who might sell him a love charm, hoping to find Serafina that way."  Angelica smiled, remembering.  "When the men told him any of us could make him a love charm, he dropped his love sick subterfuge and asked straight out if we had heard of Serafina."
"So that is how Avor found out about us."
"No, not from us.  The men knew Serafina would pay them more to tell her someone was looking for her.  They claimed never to have heard of her."
Electra thought for a moment before speaking.  "But what if they have seen Muller?  Does it matter?  They probably guessed he was a spy.  They will not be surprised to see him again as King Geoffrey's ambassador."
"My father might guess that Muller had something to do with Serafina and you leaving about the same time as me.  Others might as well.  My people are clever that way."
"I could go to their camp.  I could tell them myself that I left with my brother, thinking Serafina dead.  It would be the truth.  I knew nothing of your leaving Chase Bound.  It might be a kindness if I warned them about the planned raid on their camp."
Angelica stood up abruptly.  "I don't really know what I am here for.  I don't miss my drunken father, though a part of me always wishes he could change his ways and leave his drink behind.  Perhaps be a grandfather to my child."  She paused.  "But that is only a pipe dream.  It will never happen."
"Why not tell Muller you are a Traveler girl?  He loves you very much.  He would not hold it against you.  It might make him gentler in his approach to them."
Angelica looked hopeful for an instant.  Then she shook her head slowly.  "He is too good.  He would insist on meeting my father.  My father would find a way to use Muller and me for his own gain if he found out."  She unraveled a bit more of her shawl.  "No.  My husband must not know.  None of my people can know I am here.  I should leave at once—before Juanita and Esmeralda come by.  I should never have come here to involve you in my troubles."  Angelica rushed out the door.
Electra called after her.  "I will tell no one.  But I will find out what I am able.  Trust me, and do not worry."

At lunch time Avor dropped by.  "Something smells good," he said as he came through the door.
"You are just in time for stew."  Electra ladled up two bowls full and sat them on the table.
Avor seemed always to be hungry of late, and each time she saw him, he looked a little taller.  He began eating as soon as he sat down.
"Any word on the Caliph yet?" he asked between bites.
"No word as yet.  I am very worried.  He is advanced in years and such a fever as he has will take its toll."
Avor looked up.  "Your Traveler friends came by today."
"Juanita and Esmeralda?"
"Yes, they invited me for dinner tonight at their camp."
"You did not agree to go, did you?"
"Of course.  I never turn down an invitation to dinner.  Besides, they probably will not be here much longer.  I heard father talking to Muller about making them move on."
Electra paused with a spoonful of stew halfway to her mouth.  "I am going with you."
Avor's eyes narrowed with suspicion.  "Why?"
Electra shrugged.  "Why not?"
"Then they are your friends?"  He emphasized the word 'are'.
"Acquaintances."  She blew on her spoonful of stew to cool it.
Avor stared at his sister for a moment, then turned his attention back to his lunch.  "I will stop by for you on my way."  He finished his stew quickly and said he had to return to work before Haddad missed him.

Chapter 5

King's Lake

Take the Thief stood on the shore of King's Lake looking out at the Traveler caravan on the opposite shore.  The painted wooden wagons and dark-haired people dressed in bright clothes brought back a memory of his mother.  He wondered briefly if they might have known his mother.  She told him she had been a Traveler girl.  Then she had taken a job in a rich man's house and began to live 'permanent.'
Take rolled up his pant legs and removed his shoes.  This beach was the site he had chosen for his theater and he was disappointed to see no signs of work on the project.  As long as he was here he wanted to test the depth of the water just offshore.  
He stuck his bare foot in the water and had second thoughts.  It was very cold.  Pulling his coat tighter around his shoulders, he took another step.  Still cold.  He waded in up to his knees and turned around.  He was about ten feet from shore.  This was enough.  It seemed feasible to build a submerged platform just off shore.  This would have the effect of walking on water if the actors wore shoes with thick wooden soles.  He pulled his pant legs higher and took a few more steps into the lake.
"Hello," someone called from shore.  "Take, is that you?"
Take turned abruptly and almost lost his footing.  He shielded his eyes, looking into the setting sun.
"Electra?  Avor?  Are you out for a stroll?"
Electra said something but he couldn't hear her words.  "What's that?"
"We are on our way to the Traveler's camp for dinner," Avor shouted.  His voice had recently turned deeper and the sound carried easily across the water.
Take walked back closer to shore.  He was surprised to hear that the King's children were going to visit a Traveler's camp.  "You are?  Does your father know about this?"
Avor straightened his shoulders and lifted his chin.  "Does the King know that you are about to end it all in his lake?"
Take could see that Avor had begun to take on a cavalier attitude.  Probably from working alongside the men from Taz.
"I am not here to commit suicide.  Sorry to disappoint you.  I'm thinking of building a submerged platform."
"Oh?"  Avor seemed at once interested in the prospect.
"This is to be the site of our theater," Take continued.
Electra looked back at the gently rising bank and smiled.  "This is a likely spot.  Perfect, in fact.  I can see it take shape in my mind."
"I'm afraid in your mind is the only place it is taking shape thus far."  Take joined them on shore, shaking the water from his feet.  "I thought if our troupe were to put on a show for the workers, it might encourage them to make a start on our theater."
Avor put on a more earnest face, making him seem more the fifteen year old he was.  "I do not believe the theater has a high priority.  In fact I have never heard Haddad speak of it."
Take frowned.  "Not what I hoped to hear."  He looked around then.  "Have you no guard with you?  It will be dark by the time you return from the Traveler's camp."
"I have brought a lantern."  Electra held up a canvas bag.
Take continued to frown at the two teenagers.  "Your father doesn't know you are going there, does he?"  Then his face brightened a little.  "My mother was a Traveler.  I wouldn't be surprised if someone there knew of her.  I think I might just stroll over there myself and ask around as long as I'm in the area."
Avor and Electra looked at one another.  "You could come along with us if you like," Electra said.
"I suppose I might.  Could be I'll finally find out who my Dad was."
"You never knew your Dad?" Electra could certainly understand Take's wish to find out who his father was.  She had wondered who her own father was for the first sixteen years of her life.
Take put on his shoes and rolled down his pant legs.  "Never did.  My mother refused to speak of him.  We lived in Fernland and every month a courier rode in from the north.  Gave my mother a little money.  I always wondered if the money came from my father."
"How sad for you," Electra said.  "I always wondered who my father was as well."
Take laughed.  "A nice surprise to find he was a king, I'll bet."
"Yes and no," Electra said.
Avor raised his eyebrows, but said nothing.
"Where is your mother now?" Electra asked.
"She died quite young, poor thing.  I was only twelve or thirteen myself.  Right after she died the courier came.  I told him my Ma was dead.  He looked confused, said he was sorry to hear it, and left.  So I left as well.  On my own, then, I was."
"And you never found out who had been sending the money?"
"Never supposed anyone would tell me if I did ask.  I'm not thinking I'll find out anything tonight either, but you never can tell."
The three walked on in silence for a while.  As dusk fell, they stopped to light their lantern.  They could hear the sound of a flute and a fiddle drifting across the water of the lake.  The music grew louder as they neared the lights of the camp.  Take held his hands high over his head, snapping his fingers in time to the music.  Laughing, he did a little circle dance in time to the music.
"Ah...my mother's people."  His face shone with pride and mischief.
Juanita and Esmeralda saw the three approach and ran out to pull Avor into the circle of light from their campfire.
"You came," they shouted as they danced around him.  They seemed less enthusiastic about seeing Electra and Take, but welcomed them as well, saying, "We will have fun tonight.  Just wait and see."

Chapter 6

King's Lake

By night the Travelers camp was swathed in shadow.  A campfire burned in the middle of the circle circumscribed by the painted wagons.  Outside the circled wagons, darkness prevailed.  The campfire beckoned all to its warmth and light.
Take and Electra sat on the ground in front of a blue wagon and watched the dancers.  Avor stood close to the campfire as Esmeralda danced around him, encouraging him to try a few dance steps.  As soon as Esmeralda released his hand, Avor walked over to join his sister.
Take laughed at Avor.  "You're already finished dancing?"
"I have no idea how to dance to this music."  Avor wiped the perspiration from his brow.
Electra tapped her knee in time to the music.  "Good music, isn't it?  I went with Serafina once to their camp in Chase Bound.  I loved the music the first time I heard it."
Juanita brought Avor a bowl of stew and a large chunk of bread.  She looked at Electra and Take.  "Would you two like some stew?"
Take bent toward Avor's bowl and breathed in the aroma.  "I wouldn't mind some.  Thank you."
Juanita jerked her chin in Electra's direction.  "And how about the Princess?"
"Thank you, but no.  I had something before I left."
"Leftovers from your dinner at the castle?"
"As a matter of fact, yes."
"And did the subject of our caravan come up?"
"It did."  Electra lowered her eyes.
"And?"
"I told my father that I knew all of you from Chase Bound but it did no good.  He is sending the Royal Guard to request that you leave, come morning."
Juanita looked at Avor but he avoided her eyes by concentrating on his stew.
Juanita shrugged.  "It's too quiet here for my liking anyway."  She nudged Avor's boot with her shoe.  "Come over to the fire and I'll give you some mulled wine to go with your stew."
Avor looked up at Juanita.  "All right.  I will be along presently."
As Juanita walked away, Avor turned to Electra.  "She did not seem all that upset about having to move on."
Electra shook her head.  "It is hard to say.  Travelers aren't ones to give away their true feelings."
An old woman brought Take a bowl of stew and a hunk of bread just as Avor left to join Juanita at the fire.
Take looked at the woman, judging her age.  "Might you be knowing of a woman named Drina?  She said she was a Traveler girl long ago."
"Who wants to know?" the old woman asked.
"She was my mother.  She died when I was just a lad."
"You are Drina's boy?"  The old woman put her hand on Take's shoulder and studied his face.  "Aye, I see it now.  I see a bit of her in you."
Take seemed visibly shaken.  Electra decided to give the two some privacy.  Take could tell her the story later if he wanted.  She slipped away to sit near the musicians.

Electra swayed in time to the music, lulled by a mournful melody.  Her eyes kept returning to the man who played the fiddle.  She was almost certain he was Angelica's father.  When the musicians stopped to eat, he drank from a flask of wine.
Electra looked away.  She had seen enough.  He had the flushed face and red veined eyes of a man who drank to excess.  And he kept a flask of wine at the ready.  Angelica was right.  He had not changed his ways.  Better that he stayed ignorant of her whereabouts.
When she looked up, he was standing in front of her.  She jerked back a little in surprise.
"You are Electra, that witch's girl.  I hear you're calling yourself a princess now."
"I am sorry.  I believe we have not yet met one another.  I am Electra, you are correct.  And your name, Sir?"
"I am Shandor.  And I think you know I'm Angelica's father.  I also think you know where she is, since the two of you left the same time."  He took another drink from his flask.
Electra locked onto Shandor's eyes and kept her voice steady.  "I left with my brother Avor.  We came back here to Fernland.  Angelica did not leave with us."
Shandor stared back, angry and more than a little drunk.  "You know something and I mean to find out what it is."
Electra looked around for Take or Avor but didn't see either one.  "You are imagining things."  Electra stood up and Shandor grabbed her wrist.
"You are the one imagining things if you think you're leaving here without telling me what you know about Angelica."
The old woman suddenly appeared at Electra's side.  She pointed at Electra while she spoke to Shandor.  "These people are our guests, Shandor.  You'd best get back to playing your fiddle."
Shandor glared at the old woman angrily but he did let go of Electra's wrist.  He stalked off to retrieve his fiddle.
"Thank you," Electra whispered to the old woman.
The old woman turned Electra toward the camp fire.  "If I were you, I would get that young one out of here before Esmeralda gives him any more wine."
Electra spotted Avor now, dancing and stumbling around Esmeralda as she clapped and swayed with the music.  Electra nodded at the old woman gratefully, and walked toward the fire.
"It is time to go, Avor," she said, taking his arm.
"Already?"  Avor smiled at Esmeralda.
"I am afraid so."  Electra led Avor gently back to where they had left their lantern.  She felt around for it in the dark.  It was gone.  "Wait right here while I find our lantern."
Avor sank to the ground and closed his eyes.  She would have to wake him up to begin the long walk back to her cottage.  She looked around for Take.  He probably had the lantern with him.
Electra walked along the circle of wagons, looking for the lantern or Take.  She stopped when she heard voices behind one of the wagons.  She was sure one of the voices belonged to Take the Thief.
"Why would I be telling anyone?  I'm just grateful you've agreed to build our theater.  And that reminds me—we're going to put on a show for you and your men to express our appreciation.  It sure would be a help if you could see your way to building us a small submerged platform in time for our show.  I'll point out tomorrow where we'd like it built."
The man Take was speaking to grunted some sort of response and quickly moved on.  Take emerged from behind the wagon.
"Electra!  I was just looking for you."  Take swung his lantern up to light his face.
"And I was looking for you.  Who were you speaking with just now?"
"No one.  Just singing to myself.  It turns out I'm likely the son of some rich man.  How about that?"
"I am sure your father was a gentleman, as are you.  And as such I could use your help to get Avor home.  I think he may have helped himself to too much wine."
They returned to where Electra had left Avor only to find him gone.  She looked around anxiously but did not see him.
"Don't worry, I see him," Take said.
Take ran over to the bonfire and pulled Avor out of Esmeralda's arms.  He stooped down and flung him over his shoulder and staggered back to Electra with his heavy load.
"Let's get out of here."  Take lowered Avor to the ground and with each of them holding one of Avor's arms, they made their escape.
When they had cleared the circle of wagons, they walked to the lake where Take washed Avor's face with cold water to rouse him.
Avor coughed and vomited up a good amount of wine.
"What happened?"  Avor looked as though he might be sick again, but sat down by the lake and splashed more water on his face.
"The gypsy wine didn't agree with you," Take said, smiling.
Electra mouthed the words 'thank you' to Take and the three started back to the other side of King's lake.

Chapter 7

King's Lake

Take awoke the next morning to the sounds of men and equipment moving in his direction.  He had rolled himself up in his blanket and slept on the beach at the site of his theater.  He hoped to speak to Haddad this morning, to remind him of the promise he had made last night.
Take had seen Haddad leaving a gypsy wagon.  Haddad had appeared shocked and embarrassed to have a witness to his visit.  Evidently Haddad did not want news of this visit to the Traveler's camp to reach certain ears—the Caliph's ears?  The King's ears?  His fellow men from Taz? Take could see that he was now in a good position to ask favors.  All he had to do was assure Haddad of his silence.  As the group of Taz men moved closer, Take was happy to see Haddad among them.  A pale looking Avor followed in Haddad's shadow.
Take stood up with his blanket still wrapped around him.  "Good morning, gentlemen, and welcome to Fernland's future theater."
Most of the men didn't understand English and Haddad showed no interest in exchanging pleasantries.  Avor looked from Haddad to Take with a confused expression.
"Where is it you want this submerged platform?" Haddad asked, scowling.
Take threw off his blanket and began wading out into the lake.
"I want the top of the platform just at surface level at mean tide.  At high tide it will be covered and at low tide it will be exposed.  We'll tailor our shows to fit the time of day."
"Why do you want it submerged?" Haddad asked.
"We are a troop of actors and magicians.  At certain times we will appear to walk on water, or come up from the depths of the sea."
Haddad nodded slowly, his imagination taking hold.  "Yes, I see it. Very clever."  He turned to his men and issued a series of commands in the Taz language.  He looked at Take. "How big?"
Take considered for a moment.  "Wide enough for five people and long enough for five."
"A square, then."
"Yes."  Take hoped he was not asking for too much.  He held his breath.
Haddad nodded and with a flurry of words and hand gestures, he set the project in motion.  The men pushed lathes and saws into place, pulled sleds loaded with lumber to the water's edge and rolled round logs sheared of their bark along the shore line.  Fires were set up to heat the pitch needed to treat the logs.  Construction drawings were drawn in the sand.  Small boats with metal claws arrived to begin the process of digging holes for pilings.
Avor, as usual, stayed close to Haddad.  After his mentor had finished his instructions, Avor left the busy group of workmen to speak with Take.  Take sat on his blanket, hands clasped together, watching his platform take shape.
"How did you manage this?" Avor's face was still a little sallow from the previous night's overindulgence.
"Manage what?"  Take's face fairly glowed with excitement.
"How did you manage to persuade Haddad to build your theater's platform?"  I know he wants to get their living quarters finished so he can bring in some of their families.  Did you bribe him to stop work on that and begin work on your theater?"
"I would have if I had anything to bribe him with, but I do not.  I did promise to put on a show for his workers."
Avor shook his head.  "They must be in dire need of entertainment."  He looked at Take, his eyes squinted with suspicion.
Take remained silent while he sought a change of subject.  He found it when he chanced to look out at King's Road.
"Look, here comes the Royal Guard.  I suppose our Traveler friends will soon be on the move."
The two watched the cloud of dust draw near the lake.  The Guardsmen stopped and dismounted just off the road and the dust settled around them.  One man rode on alone to the group of painted wagons.
"That must be Muller," Avor said.  "I hope they will move along peacefully.  I do not want to see anyone hurt.  They seem hospitable folk."
"They will go peacefully," Take said.  "They're called Travelers for a reason.  But I will be sad to see them go."
Avor looked a little wistful.  "So will I."
Take raised his eyebrows but made no comment about Avor's activities the night before.  It was likely the Prince had little memory of his interlude with Esmeralda.

Electra shouted and waved at Take and Avor from the garden behind her cottage.  She, too, had been watching King's Road.  She came through the gate, running.  As she ran, she pointed toward King's Road.  Both men turned and saw what had her running in their direction.  The royal carriage turned off the main road and headed toward them.
Electra reached the two and stopped, catching her breath.  "Was father planning a visit?"
"Not that I knew about."  Avor looked as though he had a headache, grimacing when he shook his head.
The carriage slowed to a stop and Rabar the Physician stepped out.
Take, Avor and Electra peered into the carriage as Rabar spoke.
"I've brought the Caliph back to recuperate here.  He is still very weak."  Rabar took his father's arm and helped him down from the carriage.
"Are you well enough to go by shore boat to the ship?" he asked his father.
The Caliph nodded and managed a smile.  "I am fine.  You worry too much."
"Why not stay at my cottage?" Electra asked.  "It would be more convenient than the ship."
"I would not impose upon your hospitality," the Caliph said in a thin, scratchy voice.
"It would be my pleasure," Electra insisted.
"We accept."  Rabar took his father's arm and they followed Electra, Take and Avor to the cottage.
"I will ask Haddad for an extra cot."  Avor hurried off to find his mentor.
"I'll get more wood for the fire."  Take sauntered off in search of driftwood.
Electra and Rabar helped the Caliph settle onto Electra's cot and Electra excused herself to make tea.  Rabar left his father to nap and joined Electra at the fireplace.
"Why did you move him from the castle?" Electra whispered.  "He is still very weak."
Rabar seemed reluctant to answer.  Finally he waved the question away with his hand.  "Let's just say I did not wish to quarrel further with Royal Physician Rothman."  
Rabar paced from the fireplace to the cot and back, listening to his father's shallow breathing.  "I need the herbs I am familiar with to treat my father properly."  He stopped pacing and looked at Electra as though he had just found the solution to his problems.  "I will return to Taz for the medications and herbs I need both for my patients and for my research."
"But—the Khan's army..."  Electra stopped.  She was sure Rabar did not need to be reminded that his homeland was now taken over by Barburee.
"I must chance it.  I will leave as soon as I can arrange it."
"Then I will go with you."  Electra crossed her arms in front of her and tried to appear resolute.
Rabar looked surprised, then laughed.  "Not that I would not enjoy your company and value your assistance, but I fear a great many people might object to that plan."
Rabar headed out the door.  "I'll be back soon.  I must speak to Haddad about my decision."

Chapter 8

King's Lake

Although the sun had been up an hour or more, many in the Traveler's Camp were still sleeping off a night of dancing and drinking.  The camp seemed quiet and a little unkempt in the morning light. A few Traveler men sat around a small fire, watching the advance of the Royal Guard.  El Grande drank spiced tea from a mug and stared into the red coals of the fire as he spoke.
"Looks as though Esmeralda's try at bringing the young Prince Avor to speak for us didn't work."
Shandor spat into the fire.  "It seemed to be working.  I expected him to be sitting around the fire with us this morning, mooning over Esmeralda."
El Grande set his empty cup at his feet.  "It was that tall man, came with Avor and Electra.  He carried the Prince off last night.  Old Zigana said the man was kin to us.  He was the child of a woman named Drina who left to work for a rich man.  Before my time, I guess."
Shandor sipped wine from his flask.  "It was that meddler, Electra; she took him off if you ask me.  She likely brought the tall one along for just that reason."  He glared at El Grande.  "She knows where my Angelica is, I'm sure of it.  And by the stars, I'm not leaving this lake until I find out what she knows."
El Grande and the other men looked at Shandor with disgust, but said nothing.  They all knew Angelica left because of her father's drinking.  If Shandor wanted to stay behind, he would not be missed.
A young man with a handsome face and a dancer's lithe body spoke quietly.  "I doubt the Prince being here this morning would have changed anything.  Even if he wished us to stay, he would not defy his father.  I would rather move on anyway.  There's nothing for us here.  The men across the way don't even speak a language we know."
El Grande nodded.  "Shall we go north then?  The city of Henge offers possibilities."
The men around the fire nodded their agreement.  
Shandor stood up.  "I'll join you in Henge later.  First I intend to find Angelica."  He walked off unevenly toward his tent.
El Grande shook his head and said softly to the other men, "With luck, that will take a long time."

Muller drew up to the Traveler caravan and dismounted.  Children ran about the camp in little clusters.  Three of the women were washing clothes at the lake's edge; an old man was feeding and watering the horses.  Muller looked around for someone who might be in charge.  He walked over to the old man, who looked at Muller and put his two buckets down.
 "I need to speak to someone in charge.  Camping is not allowed here by order of the King."
"I suppose you could speak to El Grande."  The man pointed to the group of Traveler men drinking tea around the campfire.
Muller approached the group cautiously.  "I need to speak to El Grande."
The men looked up and a tall man in a blue satin shirt stood up.  He stared at Muller.  
"Who are you?  You look familiar."
"That is because we met once before in Chase Bound.  I was doing secret work for King Geoffrey at the time—trying to locate Serafina and the Princess Electra."
"I remember you," El Grande said.  "We've known Electra all her life.  If you had told us why you were looking for her we would have helped you."
Muller frowned.  He didn't really believe they would have helped him back in Chase Bound, but he couldn't be sure.
El Grande continued in the same friendly vein.  "Yes, she is quite a friend to us.  That is the main reason we stopped here.  She and her brother Avor were with us just last night, our guests for dinner."
Muller was feeling more and more uncomfortable about telling them they must leave.  "Prince Avor and Princess Electra were here?"
"Of course.  Electra was happy to see us all again, and Avor is a special friend of Esmeralda, if you know what I mean."
"No, I do not.  I'm afraid I am here on orders from the King.  You are not allowed to camp here.  You must move on at once."  Muller paused and another man stepped forward.  He had a flushed face and hard eyes.
"Did you find Serafina in Chase Bound?" he asked.
"No.  Unfortunately, she managed to elude me, and sent me on a wild goose chase.  There is a warrant out for Serafina's arrest."
"What's the charge against Serafina?"
"Murder."
The men looked at one another, their surprise written on their faces.  El Grande turned back to Muller.
"Who did she murder?"
"I doubt you know him.  General Pommell was his name."
The men shook their heads.  They had not known him.
"Is there a reward for her capture?" the man with the flushed face asked.
"Ten gold pieces."
El Grande intervened.  "Does anyone know where she is?"
"She now lives in Henge."  
"I see.  As it happens we were planning to move on anyway."  El Grande leaned into Muller, causing the spy to take a step back.  "Where might camping be allowed?" 
"Not in Fernland.  The King will allow you passage north or south along King's Road, but you may not stay in Fernland."
"Just for the sake of argument, what would happen if we chose to stay a few more days?"
Muller put on a stern countenance.  "That would be unwise."  He turned to face the road.  "Yonder waits the King's Royal Guard, sent to enforce the King's command, by force if necessary."
El Grande looked at the Guardsmen in the distance and judged the number to be around 100 men.  He shrugged his broad shoulders as though he didn't care whether they stayed or not.
"Will an hour be soon enough to suit you?"
"Yes.  I will wait with the Royal Guard until you are on your way.  Will you go north or back the way you came?"
El Grande took his time answering.  Finally, he said, “I believe we will go north."
"Very well."  Muller mounted his horse and rode back to wait with the Guardsmen.
Within an hour, the first wagon rolled slowly out to the road and turned north.  The others followed in a long line.  Muller and the Royal Guard did not notice that one man had stayed behind, moving a small tent back into the trees, away from the lake.
The Royal Guard followed the Traveler caravan as far as the castle's drawbridge, where the bulk of the Guardsmen turned off from the main road to return to the castle. A few Royal Guardsmen continued on behind the northbound Travelers to ensure their exodus from Fernland.

Chapter 9

Castle in Fernland

As Muller drew up to the castle drawbridge he saw his wife, Angelica, waving from the side of the bridge.  He pulled up on his horse's reins and dismounted.
"Is anything wrong?  Are you all right?"
Angelica smiled.  "Of course.  I am fine.  Just out for a stroll.  How did things go at the Traveler's camp?"
Muller relaxed.  "As expected.  No trouble.  You were not worried, were you?"
"No, why would I be?  Just out for a walk when I saw you."
Muller looked a little puzzled.  Angelica had never met him before on his return from doing the King's bidding. In fact, she had never shown much interest in his work before.  He supposed women worried more when they were expecting a child.
"I was just on my way to report to King Geoffrey."
Angelica turned to go.  "Then I will not keep you."
"I will be home shortly," Muller called after her.
"As you will," Angelica called over her shoulder as she hurried off.
  
Muller pulled the heavy carved wooden door to the throne room open and saw that King Geoffrey was already there, seated at the round table.
Geoffrey waved Muller to a seat.  "Did the Travelers leave peacefully?"
Muller answered as he pulled out a chair.  "Yes.  They tried a few stratagems to no avail, then gave in and left peacefully."
"What stratagems?"
"They said they were friends of Prince Avor and Princess Electra.  That their main reason for stopping at the lake was to visit them."
"How could they be?"
"They said they had known Princess Electra all her life in Chase Bound.  Then they hinted that Prince Avor had a romantic relationship with one of the Traveler girls.  They said both Electra and Avor had been their guests for dinner the night before.
"Do you suppose there is any truth in their statements?"
Muller shrugged his shoulders.  "I could find out."
"Hmmm."  King Geoffrey ignored Muller's offer and began to unroll a small scroll he held in his hand.  "We have received another invitation from our friend, Bataar.  This time he invites Fernland's royal family to attend the annual Nomadic Games to be held for the first time in Taz."
"You are not considering going, are you?"
"No.  But I know Prince Avor will be desperate to go.  He is fifteen now and the idea that he may have been attracted to a Traveler girl gives me pause.  Perhaps it is time that I loosened the reins a bit."
"You will allow the Prince to attend the games?"
"As it happens, the Physician Rabar plans to return to Taz on one of their ships.  He wants to bring back the herbs he feels he needs to cure the Caliph.  Foolishness, I am sure.  Our own physician assures me a round of blood letting would likely cure the Caliph.  But I do see certain opportunities in a return to Taz."
"For Prince Avor?"
King Geoffrey again ignored Muller's question while he stared at the ceiling and drummed his fingers on the wooden table.  "As you know, our army has been unable to duplicate the exploding arrows, except with the small samples you brought back with you.  They have not been able to locate the white powder here in Fernland."
"That is true, Your Majesty.  I have men looking for it throughout Fernland.  Physician Rothman believes it is likely an evaporite.  A substance generally found near a desert lake."
"It is unlikely you would find such a substance in Fernland as there are no desert lakes here."  King Geoffrey looked at Muller as if he wondered about his intelligence.
"Once our port is completed, we will have access to traders who may know of such a powder," Muller replied.
King Geoffrey nodded.  "But in the meantime, we may fall behind in the race to arm ourselves sufficiently."
"We will enlarge our search at once, Your Majesty."
King Geoffrey leaned closer to Muller.  "Or...we could send you back to Taz on the ship to find Barburee's source for the powder."
Muller thought briefly of Angelica and wondered if he should mention to the King that his wife was expecting their child.  He quickly decided against it.  "Of course.  I am at your service."
"I have a good deal to think about.  I would feel better about allowing Avor to go if I knew that you were with him.  I will advise you of my decision."  King Geoffrey did not signal Muller that the audience was over. He seemed to be deep in thought.  He looked up, surprised that Muller was still there.  "Anything else I should know about the Traveler's departure?"
Muller thought back to his discussion with El Grande.  "I told them that Serafina was wanted for General Pommell's murder.  They asked if there were a reward for her capture.  I told them ten gold pieces."
King Geoffrey nodded. "Which way did they go when they left?"
"Toward Henge."
King Geoffrey stood up.  Muller quickly stood as well. 
"I will send word soon regarding Taz.  I believe Physician Rabar plans to leave within the week."
"I await your orders."  Muller bowed and headed for the door.

As Muller neared his little cottage by the stables, he slowed and thought what he would say to Angelica.  If she was worried by his confrontation with the Travelers, how would she react to the news of his return to Taz?  In an effort to show his bravery, he may have even exaggerated the dangers he faced as a prisoner of the Great Khan.
Angelica was eating cheese and bread by the fire when he entered the cottage.  She smiled when she saw Muller.
"Would you care for some cheese and bread?" she asked.
"That would be most appreciated."  He sat down at the other side of the fireplace.
Angelica chatted as she sliced the bread.  "So the Travelers moved on without trouble?"
"I was most insistent that they do so.  Of course it helped to have the Royal Guard at my beck and call."
"Did they return to Chase Bound?"
"No.  They decided to move on to Henge.  I wouldn't be surprised if they make an effort to capture Serafina.  They seemed most interested in the reward of gold pieces."
Angelica paused and stared at Muller with a worried expression.  "You told them about that?"
"They asked about her. One man in particular seemed interested in her whereabouts."
"What did he look like?"
Muller stared at his wife.  "I didn't take much notice.  Why?"
"No reason," she said quickly.  "I suppose I am thankful to Serafina.  Otherwise I would not have met you."  She smiled her delightful smile.
"I don't want to worry you in your condition, but there is a chance I may be ordered back to Taz soon."  Muller looked anxiously at his wife.
"What condition?"
Muller coughed and stammered. "I mean since you are with child."
"I'm not worried," she said.  She began to hum a tune as she topped the bread with a slice of cheese.
Muller tilted his head and studied his wife without comprehension.  Perhaps sudden shifts in mood were also the result of her condition.

Chapter 10

Village of Helsop

Helsop, a small and vulnerable village north of Fernland and East of Henge, was experiencing an unusual surge of activity.  A year ago its people were starving and its headman, Dagon, was at his wit's end as to what could be done to save them.  All that had changed when he captured Electra, then Avor.  With both King Geoffrey's children, he finally had the means to force a bargain.  That Electra had agreed to become engaged to Dagon for the sake of Helsop's people, was the best thing that had ever happened to Helsop.  Now his village had a treaty with Fernland, new outlets for their tools and weapons, and frequent shipments of lumber to build a more suitable dwelling for Electra's permanent cottage.  The fact that she was no longer living in Helsop, and had instead taken up an apprenticeship at King's Lake, was a source of constant worry to the whole village.  The fact that she might not intend to go through with the marriage was a very big worry to Dagon, who had fallen in love with her.  He did have a plan that he hoped would bring her back to Helsop at the end of her apprenticeship—he was building her a school of medicine for women.
Dagon's customary visit to inspect progress on the school was twofold today.  It also allowed him a good view of the road leading from Helsop, over the hills to Henge.  Dagon held a string tied to a stone next to one of the upright posts framing the entry to Electra's school.  True and straight, he decided.  Progress on the school had been slow but steady.  This medical school for women would eventually be the anchor that kept Electra in Helsop.
He saw a man on horseback, coming fast over the last ridge that separated Henge from Helsop.  He hoped the man was Deimos.  Deimos had been gone several days.  Supposedly, he journeyed to Henge to trade some weapons for raw materials, but in fact he went to find out all he could about these new exploding arrows.  Serafina had put on a demonstration of the enhanced arrows in the spring that was so unprecedented, they all assumed it to be some kind of magic.  She had denied that it was magic and rumors out of Barburee supported her contention.  If this was to be the new weapon of warfare, Helsop's people must learn to craft it for their own survival.  Their only claim to fame was the superior weapons they produced. 
Dagon recognized the black horse that Deimos rode and walked out to the road to meet him.  He waved and Deimos slowed his horse to a trot.
"Deimos, old friend.  It is good to have you safely home."
Deimos, still straight-backed and imposing even after his long ride, dismounted and saluted, then shook hands with Dagon.
"In truth, it is good to be home."
Deimos took his horse's reins in hand and walked back to the command center with Dagon.
Dagon lowered his voice.  "Were you successful?"
"I had some success, but there are problems we had not anticipated."
"Start from the beginning and tell me everything."
They reached the command center and one of the guards took the black horse from Deimos.
"Welcome back, Deimos,” the guard said as he took the horse's reins.  "I'll make sure he gets a good rubdown and feed."
Dagon led the way into the command center and both men sat down.  Deimos breathed a tired sigh.
"Would you prefer to rest and eat before we speak?" Dagon asked.
"No.  But it does feel good to sit down."
Dagon sat back and waited patiently for Deimos to begin.
"It went as we expected.  I had no trouble at the border.  Evidently Blackwell is still willing to buy our weapons."
"He knows our weapons are the best and he is still eager to have the best in all things."
Deimos nodded in agreement.  "I checked in at the garrison and said I planned to look around at the bazaar and at the wharves for raw materials.  I left the weapons I had brought with them so that they could take their time inspecting them.  They were quite excited about the two swords."
"They would be.  Dorian the Blacksmith is without rival."
"I changed into the workman's clothes I had brought with me in a grove of trees and made my way to the archery field.  Luckily I found an abandoned rake and began raking leaves at the edge of the field.  Most of the soldiers were shooting standard arrows at targets.  But toward the end of the day, a wooden stool and a wooden post were brought out, set close together, and the straw targets cleared away.  One soldier shot an arrow with a cylinder attached.  He let fly as soon as the wick was lit. It turned the post into wood slivers.  The force of the explosion knocked the nearby stool into the air but did not damage it.
"No one challenged you?"
"No one notices a groundskeeper.  I was able to conceal several of the cylinders in my tunic.  There were enough that they may not have missed them if they do not keep close count."
"Well done—though my heart races to hear the story."
"This all took less time than I imagined, so I decided to find a secluded spot and inspect the contents of one of the tubes."
Dagon leaned forward, clenching the edges of his desk.  
"I removed the wick and cut through the thick paper with my knife.  When the contents were sufficiently spread out I could see it contained three separate powders—one yellow, one black and one white."
"Do you have one with you?" Dagon asked.
Deimos took a cylinder from his tunic and placed it on the table.
"This is the one I cut open.  I closed it up again with a bit of paste."  Deimos carefully lifted the cut edge and smoothed the paper out.  You can see the three powders clearly."
"Yes.  And with careful separation we can determine the proportions."  Dagon brushed a few grains to one side of the paper and looked at them closely.
Deimos pointed to each powder in turn.  "The black, I learned, is only ground up charcoal.  The yellow, if you smell it, you will recognize from the clinic.  It is sulfur.  But the white powder is not readily identified."
Dagon separated a few grains of the white powder and studied them.
"I asked a few traders from foreign ships who carried spices or medicines if I could look at their merchandise.  I saw nothing like it.  I took a bit of the white powder and showed it to a few of the traders.  All but one said they were not familiar with it."
"And that one?" Dagon asked, his voice hopeful.
"That one recognized it.  I could see it in his eyes.  He asked me where I got it.  I told him a soldier in a bar gave it to me when he lost at cards.  I said I doubted the soldier's claim that it was equal to the debt he owed me.  The man told me to wait while he looked in the back room.  I quietly moved outside and watched.  As I suspected, a boy ran out the back door.  He was heading toward the castle.  I left at once and found a place to change back into my militia uniform.  No sooner was I changed than an armed group of Royal Guardsmen came riding down the street checking every man who matched my workman's description.  They left me alone because I was no longer dressed as a groundskeeper."
"Too close a call.  I wonder what the penalty is for possessing the white powder."
"I was happy not to have found out."
Dagon sat back, tilting his chair against the wall behind him while he considered Deimos' report.  "So the white powder is a closely guarded secret.  Yet Serafina was able to identify it."  Dagon's eyes lit up.  "Perhaps Electra would know."
Deimos nodded.  "I had thought the same."
"You have done well Deimos.  I never expected you would learn so much.  I think it is my turn now to travel.  A visit to Fernland is long overdue.  I believe I will leave on the morrow and pay a visit to Fernland's royal family.  I will ask Electra if she recognizes the white powder."
"I will go with you," Deimos offered.
"Stay.  Rest.  Be in charge in my absence.  I will take Tandor with me.  I have no reason to believe going to Fernland continues to pose a danger.  In fact, I promised Electra a visit.  I will keep this packet of powders to take with me.”
Deimos pushed himself from his chair and stretched his tired muscles.
"We got a good price for our weapons."  He smiled as he saluted.
"Well done.  Let Dorian, our sword maker, know and give him his price."  Dagon returned his smile and his salute.

Chapter 11

Henge City

The history between Henge and Fernland, Henge's neighbor to the south, was a long and bloody one.  Almost constantly at war, the pendulum of victory swung back and forth.  The victory from the last great battle between the two kingdoms had gone to Fernland.  Old King Blackwell was so badly wounded he lost a foot and part of a leg, and almost died.  Expecting to die, he had foolishly given over power to his son, Prince Blackwell.  The old king was constantly at odds with his son's decisions and found him overly reluctant when it came to declaring war.
One decision the elder Blackwell was not at odds with was his son's marriage to the beautiful sorceress Serafina.  Here was a woman after his own heart—cold and calculating.  Their union had already produced twin girls, though of course the old king would have preferred a grandson.  Old Blackwell made his way down to the castle's great hall to tell his son his latest plan for attacking Fernland, only to learn that his son was visiting Serafina in the nursery.  He frowned.  His son spent too much time fussing over his babies.  He made his way back to his room to wait.

Serafina and Prince Blackwell drank tea at the little table in the corner of the nursery and watched their 2 month old babies at play.  Esme, lying on her stomach, tried frantically to catch Ebony's tail.  The black panther seemed unaware of Esme's plight, flicking her tail at random intervals.
"I still believe it is too dangerous to have that cat in here with the girls," Blackwell stated.
"We could not find a better guardian," Serafina countered.
"What will happen when Esme finally succeeds in capturing her tail?  Esme will no doubt try to bite it."
"Ebony is aware of that.  She swishes her tail to encourage Esme, as she would her own cubs.  If the panther tires of the game, she will move."
Prince Blackwell scowled.  "There is no predicting how a wild animal will react."
Serafina leaned back into her chair, relaxed.  "On the contrary.  I find wild animals more consistent and predictable than most people."  She sipped her tea and smiled at her husband.
Shalin, Esme's identical twin, lay on her stomach as well.  Neither twin was able to crawl as yet.  Shalin stared intently at a small ball that was beyond her reach.  The ball, very slowly, began to roll toward her.
The cup in Prince Blackwell's hand shook and a little tea spilled out.
"Did you see that?"  His face was a mask of disbelief.
"Yes."
"How did she do that?" Blackwell demanded.
"Perhaps the floor is uneven."
Blackwell stood up and walked to the wall.  There he knelt down and put his eye at floor level, trying to ascertain any slant to the floor.  As he was thus occupied, he was interrupted by a knock at the door.
Blackwell called back in an irritated voice.  "Who is it and what do you want?" The Prince was not in a mood to be disturbed.
"Corporal Calder, Your Highness."
"What is it then?" Prince Blackwell shouted at the door.
"We have a group of Travelers asking permission to camp in Henge for a time," the corporal shouted from the other side of the door.
Prince Blackwell stood up reluctantly and opened the door.
"What sort of travelers?" he asked.
The corporal's face colored slightly.  "They call themselves Travelers.  They are more often called Gypsies."
"Gypsies?  Here in Henge City?  Absolutely not.  Tell them to move on."
Serafina stood up.  "May I be permitted to speak to them before you make a decision?  I have found these people to be useful in the past." 
"Gypsies?  What use are they?"
"They are often good with metal and horses.  But I was speaking of another more delicate use."
Prince Blackwell squinted his eyes at his wife, wondering how to interpret her use of 'delicate'.  He waved the corporal away.  "I will give you my decision later."
After the corporal had left, Prince Blackwell sat down again at the table, the slanted floor forgotten.
"What delicate use?"
Serafina took a sip of tea.  "I have found them to be excellent spies.  They speak many languages, are well traveled and are accustomed to living by their wits.  They have no qualms about accepting money for information."
Blackwell put his elbows on the table and rested his chin on his knuckles.
"I suppose they might be a source of information.  But they have a reputation for petty theft and fortune telling."
"Perhaps I could speak to them.  Warn them of what behavior to avoid and what would be expected of them."
"Do you know these people?"
"Perhaps—if they are recently from Chase Bound."
"All right.  You speak to them.  If you think they would be useful, I will give my permission.  I will let the corporal know."  He stood and walked purposefully to the door with a suspicious backward glance at Shalin.

Serafina dressed with care.  She wore a regal silver brocade gown with a short fur jacket.  She did not care to waste time substantiating her new royal stature—she would simply dress the part.  When she was ready, she attached a leash to Ebony's collar and tied the panther to a ring jutting out of the stone wall.  Then she rang a bell to summon a nursemaid.
A few minutes later a very nervous girl opened the door a crack and peered into the room.
"Come in, Ingrid.  Ebony is tied to the wall."
Ingrid stuck her head through the opening in the door.  She spotted the cat, who growled a low menacing sound.
"She would not hurt you," Serafina insisted.
"Thank you, Your Majesty, for tying her up, all the same."
"I will be gone for a short time.  The twins have been fed.  You may put them in their beds when they tire.  Nothing more should be required."
"Very good, Your Majesty."

Serafina walked down the castle steps.  The sun felt warm after the chill of the stone castle.  She made her way across the archery field to the garrison and found the sergeant in charge.
"Where are the Travelers being held?  I would like to speak with them."
The sergeant saluted sharply, then bowed.
"Those Traveler folk have their wagons down by the docks.  We told them they could buy supplies, but as for camping, they'd need permission for that.  But there's one of them here that says he's in charge.  Name's El Grande, if you'd like to speak to him."
"That would be fine, Sergeant.  Find us a room where we may speak privately."
Serafina was shown to the room where El Grande waited, the officers' dining hall.
The sergeant announced her arrival in a loud sonorous voice. 
"Her Majesty, Princess Serafina."
El Grande stood up and smiled as Serafina entered the room.  When his smile was not returned, he altered his countenance to reflect respect and added a brief bow.
Serafina nodded.  "El Grande."
"Your Majesty.  Thank you for seeing me."
Serafina gestured to a seat by the long dining table and took a seat herself across the table.  "Thank you, Sergeant.  You may leave us now."
El Grande looked at Serafina with a calculating expression.  He was considering how best to state his business in light of Serafina's new elevated station.  
Serafina decided to help him get to the point without delay.
"You wish to camp here in Henge?"
El Grande spread his hands wide.  "We were threatened in Chase Bound and forbidden to camp in Fernland. We must throw ourselves on Your Majesty's mercy."
"I see.  Please tell me the details."
"Ah.  The details.  In Chase Bound we were accused by a shopkeeper of petty theft.  Unproven charges, of course, but rumors of a gang of young thugs bent on burning our wagons convinced us our wisest choice would be a move to the north."
"Who was charged?"
"Two of our fortune tellers—Esmeralda and Juanita.  But it might also have been Shandor, who was in town to do a bit of horse trading.  More likely it was one of the townsfolk."
"Does Shandor still drink to excess?"
El Grande sighed.  "That sort rarely change their stripes."  El Grande lowered his voice.  "But Shandor did not leave Fernland with us."
Serafina raised her eyebrows.  "He was allowed to stay?"
El Grande looked around as though some invisible person might be listening to their conversation.  "He is staying out of sight in the forest by King's Lake."
"Why?"
El Grande stared at his hands, debating how much to say.
"I will know if what you tell me is true," Serafina warned.  She could just as easily have said, 'I will know if what you tell me is a lie.'
El Grande continued to look at his hands.
"One night while we were camped at King's Lake, Shandor spoke to Electra. She accompanied Prince Avor, who had been invited by the girls for dinner.  Shandor questioned Electra about Angelica's disappearance.  She denied any knowledge of Angelica's whereabouts but Shandor thought she was lying.  He stayed behind to try to learn the truth about his daughter's leaving."
"And did you warn Electra of this?"  Serafina's voice was icy as she leaned in toward El Grande.
"There was no time.  King Geoffrey's royal guard was there the next morning to make sure we left immediately.  They followed us out of Fernland."
Serafina sat back in her chair.  "You will go back and warn her now."
El Grande lifted his eyes.  He was shaken by Serafina's cold expression.  "Yes.  I will go myself."  He wiped a film of perspiration from his forehead.
"Good.  When you return we will discuss a more permanent arrangement for your people."  Serafina's eyes narrowed.  "And what would be required of you in return for sanctuary."
"We would be grateful."  El Grande's eyes turned bright with renewed hope.  "I can give you one bit of information before I leave.  We learned King Geoffrey has offered ten pieces of gold for your capture."
"Only ten?"  Serafina smiled.  "I will not delay your journey further."  She stood and walked from the room without a backward glance.

Chapter 12

King's Lake in Fernland

Only four days had passed when Take received word that his submerged platform was completed.  He quickly gathered his friends for a trip to King's Lake to view the finished project.  They stood at the edge of a sparkling lake on a day filled with sunshine and promise.
Take proudly showed the members of his acting troupe the newly built submerged platform.
"Isn't she a beauty," Tom said as he shaded his eyes and looked out at the top of the platform, visible now at low tide.  "We could wade out there an' have ourselves a picnic."
"We could have a picnic right here and wouldn't be gettin' all wet ta do it," Bear grumbled.  "I don't see the use of it."
"You've got to use your imagination," Take said.  "Now I'm thinking for our show we could tie up a shore boat just in front of it to hide ourselves behind.  Then as we rise up it looks like we're coming up out of the lake.  I thought we could dress up like sea creatures."
"Yes, yes I can see it," Peaches insisted.  "And so can you—you old grumpy bear."  She punched Bear in the shoulder and he grinned back at her.
"Yeah, I guess that might work," Bear agreed.
"Then we could pull a treasure box up behind us," Take continued.
"A treasure box."  Angie jumped up and down.  "I love it!  Then we could bury it on the beach."
"And then we could dance like sea creatures all round about it," Trixie added.
"What would we be puttin' in the treasure box?" Smiles asked.
"We could paint some stones yellow ta look like gold," Bear suggested.
"We could paint a bunch of stuff yellow," Tom added.
"Or we could put a surprise in it," Take mused.  "But another part of the show could be finding the buried treasure."
"Yeah, maybe pirates," Tom said.
"Pirates be ones what bury treasure—not find it."  Bear looked at Tom as though his education might be lacking.
"Mayhap the audience could find it," Smiles said.
"They've been watchin', ya know—they seen us bury it.  It's not like the audience is gonna just stumble on ta it or have ta look for it."  Bear looked exasperated.
"Maybe fairies could find it," Trixie suggested. 
Bear stared at Trixie with an incredulous look.  "Fairies?  Where did fairies come from all a sudden?"
"People do like fairies."  Angie put her arm around Trixie.
"A course they do."  Peaches glared at Bear and Bear shrugged and looked away.
Take seemed lost in thought.  A movement down the beach caught his attention and he shielded his eyes from the sun to get a better look.  A man was walking along the water line in their direction.  He carried something in his hand.  As he drew closer, Take recognized him as the fiddle player from the Travelers' camp.  He waved to beckon him forward.
The man stopped for a second, then walked toward them.
"I'm looking for Electra," he said.  "Is that her cottage yonder?"
"Aye, that's her cottage but she's not there," Take said.
"I see smoke from the chimney."  The man looked as though he thought Take might be lying.
"There's a sick man and his son staying there.  Electra's gone to the castle."
The man didn't move.  "When will she be back?"
"We don't know."  Take eyed the man suspiciously.  "You're one of the Travelers.  How is it you're still here?"
"I'm looking for my daughter and I think Electra can help me find her."
"We not seen no Traveler girls round here that I know of," Tom said. 
Take moved in front of Tom to draw the man's attention away from his friend.  "Electra will likely be back the next day or so.  You could check with the physician at her cottage.  Maybe he knows when she plans to come back."  Take stared at the fiddle in the man's hand.  "You always carry your fiddle with you?"
"I've got no safe place to keep it.  My wagon left with the caravan."
"Mayhap ya could play us a little tune," Smiles said.  "We're about ta have a bite ta eat if you've a mind ta join us."
Take wasn't happy with Smile's invitation.  Something about the fiddle player set his teeth on edge, even if he was an excellent musician.  He decided to keep quiet.  Perhaps it was his imagination.
"I wouldn't mind a bit of food.  My name is Shandor."
The others introduced themselves as Shandor lifted his fiddle to his shoulder and began to play a sad but lovely, lilting melody.
The members of the acting troupe all clapped loudly as Shandor ended his piece.
"That's just about the most beautiful thing I've ever heard," Trixie murmured.
"Say, we could use a gent what plays like that, couldn't we Take?"  Tom looked at Take with wide-eyed enthusiasm.
"Use me for what?" Shandor asked.
"We're actor folk.  We're here ta work out our next show.  That there's our platform out there in the water."  Tom pointed at the lake.
Shandor looked at the platform skeptically.  "That's where you put on your shows?"
"It's just the first of our tools," Take said.
"Yeah.  One day soon they'll be a theatre right here where we're standin'."  Bear stamped his foot to emphasize his point.
Angie pulled a basket over and opened it up.  Inside was a loaf of bread, a round of cheese and a net bag full of apples.  "Let's have some lunch and we'll tell ya all about it."
"Have you anything to drink?" Shandor asked.
"Lake water."  Angie laughed as she said the words.
The actors spread out on the sand, enjoying the warmth of the sun.  Shandor seemed a little jittery, but attempted to join in with the general conviviality. 
They discussed the hidden treasure and who might find it.  Shandor told them a story he had heard in his travels about a genie who could grant wishes.
"A genie!"  Peaches was enthralled with the idea of wishes coming true.  "Could we fit a genie in the box?"  She looked at Bear, the smallest member of their troupe.  Even he was too big to fit into their treasure box.
Take's eyes grew wide and a smile spread across his face.  "Not in the box, but under it."  He slapped Shandor on the back.  "A giant genie could appear to come out of the box."
Take looked at the other members of the troupe.  He saw they all were excited by Shandor's ideas as well as his fiddle playing.  He decided to put his own reservations about the man aside for the good of the troupe."What say you all we offer Shandor the job of fiddle player for the show?" he asked.
The actors shouted out yes and yea, then all shook Shandor's hand and welcomed him into their troupe.
Shandor smiled and tried to keep his hand from shaking as he accepted the job.

Chapter 13

Fernland's Castle

Electra had been happy to give up her little cottage on the beach to the Caliph and her mentor, Rabar, even though it meant staying at the castle for a time.  Her stay had been uneventful so far and she spent most of her time gathering herbs in the forest or helping the royal physician in his patient rounds.  This morning she had been summoned to an audience with her father, King Geoffrey.  Electra opened the big wooden door to the throne room.  Her father smiled as she entered. She returned his smile though she was a little apprehensive about this audience.  King Geoffrey met regularly with Prince Avor to hear about progress on the estuary, but in her months of apprenticeship at the Lake, he had never summoned her before.  She believed he no longer trusted her.  She had kept secrets about Serafina and she doubted her father would ever forgive that.
King Geoffrey walked toward her.  He was dressed in a plain tunic today.  Not the luxurious robes he donned for official audiences.  "Come in.  Come in.  How are you keeping?  You look well.  Have you had any word on the Caliph?"  King Geoffrey took his daughter's hand and led her to a chair beside a round table at the base of the raised platform that held his throne.
Electra began to relax.  "I am well.  The Caliph is still very weak, but no worse, I think."
"Good.  Good.  We have grown very fond of the Caliph, as you know."  The King paused and looked away.  "I understand the Gypsy caravan left without incident."
"Yes."
He turned back to find Electra's eyes.  "And were you sorry to see them go?"
"More relieved than sorry."
"Oh?  Muller said they claimed they were here to visit you.  That you had dinner with them the night before they left."
Electra laughed.  "They were surprised to find me at the Lake.  And they did not invite me to visit them.  They invited Avor.  I went along uninvited because I did not want Avor to go there alone."
"Oh?  Why not?"
Electra realized she had just fallen into a carefully laid trap.  She was not about to report her brother's foolishness to her father, but he obviously suspected something.  
"He did not have a lantern."
She looked back at her father and hoped he saw that further questions would be to no avail.
King Geoffrey drummed his fingers on the table.  "No lantern.  I see."  More finger drumming.
"And did they ask you to intercede on their behalf?"
Electra began to grow angry under her father's questioning.  She decided this would be her last answer.
"Yes, they did.  I told them it would do no good.  I told them the Royal Guard would be there come morning.  Now, I should be getting back.  Mother wanted my help on a medical matter."
Electra stood up and saw the look of shock in her father's face.  Probably he was not accustomed to such rude behavior.
King Geoffrey stood as well.  "So sorry to have kept you.  I must learn to curb my selfish behavior."
Electra thought briefly about sitting back down and apologizing.  She squashed the thought and left the room.

King Geoffrey was still sitting at the table a few minutes later when Muller came in the side door.
"I heard no voices.  Has the Princess already left?"
"It was a very short interview," King Geoffrey said, smiling.  "I am afraid I offended her with my questions."
Muller decided staying silent was the prudent course.  King Geoffrey would elaborate if he so desired.
Geoffrey continued.  "It sounds as though she went to the Gypsy camp to keep Avor out of trouble, though she would not admit to it."  The King reached into his ample sleeve and pulled out a rolled-up scroll.  He smoothed out the little scroll and reread the invitation to the Nomadic Games.  "I plan to allow Avor the choice to attend these games in Taz.  He needs to test his wings a bit.  But I will want you and Hilgard to accompany him and see that he stays safe.  And, of course, while you are there, you will try to locate a source of the white powder we need for the exploding arrows."
"I am at your service, Your Majesty."
"Very well.  I will inform Avor today at lunch of my decision.  I believe Rabar intends to set sail in two days time."

At lunch that afternoon Electra talked to her mother about clothes and the decorative changes she had made to her cottage, much to her mother's surprise and delight.  Her father spoke to Avor about progress on the royal barge and the estuary from the lake to the sea.  At one point, her father cleared his throat, as though he were about to make an important announcement.  In spite of her earlier intention of ignoring anything her father had to say, Electra stopped to listen.
"We have had an invitation from Bataar to attend the Nomadic Games to be held this year in Taz.  Since work seems to be progressing apace at the lake, I thought you might wish to take a brief vacation and attend on our behalf, Avor."
Avor waited a second to be sure his father was serious.  Then his face broke into a wide smile.  Avor's voice faltered a little as he tried to thank him.
"I had...I would...Yes.  I would very much like to attend."  He looked down at his plate, composing his thoughts.  "Ah...when are the games to begin?  I mean, how soon would I be leaving?"
"You will be leaving with Rabar on his ship.  I believe he plans to embark in two day's time."
Avor's face shone with excitement.  "Two days.  But this is wonderful.  I...thank you, Father."
"You have earned a vacation, son.  But just remember..."
"I know.  Bataar is not our friend."  Avor finished his father's sentence.  "I will remember."
Delphinia smiled at her son's enthusiasm.  "We will have a great deal of packing to do before you go.  We must include gifts for Bataar and his family."
"I will go as well," Electra stated in a determined manner.
Everyone went quiet as they stared at Electra.
"I expect Bataar invited the whole family, did he not?" she added.
"I do not remember asking if you wanted to go as well."  King Geoffrey's tone was stiff and formal.
"Rabar has spoken to me about the journey.  He said he would be grateful for my help to gather the herbs he needs.  It would be a good opportunity to learn about the herbs that grow there.  Now, with this invitation from Bataar, I have two reasons to go."
Delphinia was convinced her daughter could not seriously consider going.  "But the invitation is to view the games.  Archery and wrestling and horseback riding. You have no interest in those sports for men."  
"Am I mistaken?  Was the invitation not to the entire Royal Family?"  She stared at her father, daring him to lie.
"No.  You are not mistaken.  The invitation, as you have guessed, is to the Royal Family—though you seem to be quite selective about when you wish to be included as a member and when you do not."  King Geoffrey's voice was gruff as he pushed his plate away.  "As it happens, Electra, I do have a message for you as well.  Your fiancé, Dagon, will be arriving here today for a visit with the Royal Family.  Perhaps you might do him the courtesy of asking permission before embarking on a journey to a nation of cutthroats."
Electra and her father stared at one another until Electra decided they were both being childish and lowered her eyes. 
"I will ask his permission, of course."
Avor waited a few seconds for the tension in the room to ease.  Then his enthusiasm took control.
"Could I take my horse on the ship, do you think?"
King Geoffrey laughed in spite of his pique and patted Avor on the shoulder.
"We will ask Rabar, Son."

Chapter 14

King's Road between Helsop and Fernland

Dagon left Helsop with Tandor early the day after Deimos returned from Henge with the exploding powders.  They had been on the road to Fernland for a day and a night.  Dagon was sound asleep at their campsite when some small outside noise crept into his dream.  He jerked awake and reached for his sword.  Some noise unnatural to the forest must have reached through to his consciousness.  He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and saw the distant form of a man on horseback coming through the trees.  Even though the sun had not risen past the horizon, the sky had the first pink traces of light.
As the man drew within shouting distance, he dismounted.
"Hello, the camp," he called out.  "I come in friendship."
Dagon stood up, sword in hand, watching the tall, broad-shouldered man with long dark hair.
"I am El Grande.  I saw the fresh tracks off the road and was hopeful I could find some breakfast here.  I've ridden through the night and have further to go.  I have a little coin—not much."
"Leave your weapons with your horse then, and come join us."  Dagon noticed Tandor's empty sleeping blanket.  He looked around and saw Tandor emerge cautiously from behind a tree, bow and arrow at the ready.
Tandor kept his eyes on the stranger while he spoke to Dagon.  "I was just on my way to scout for some breakfast when I heard the horseman.  Shall I stay?"  Tandor kept his eyes on the stranger as he spoke.
"No, go.  I will get a fire started."  Dagon stretched his arms and his back as El Grande walked closer.
Dagon, still holding his sword in his left hand, shook hands with El Grande.  "I am called Dagon.  Help me gather some wood and we will make some water for tea."
By the time Tandor returned with three freshly-caught trout, the fire was burning and the water boiling.  Dagon took some flat bread from his saddle bag to add to their breakfast.
Tandor cleaned the fish and put them into a skillet to cook.   He sprinkled tea leaves into cups of hot water and handed one to El Grande.
"You say you rode through the night?" Dagon asked.
"Aye, and I've the aches to prove it.  I had no choice.  I'm on a mission for the Princess of Henge.  She used to be a sorceress, you know."
Dagon and Tandor nodded their understanding.  As Dagon took a cup of tea from Tandor he glanced at El Grande from the corner of his eye.
"I do not envy you your livelihood if you are in Serafina's employ."
"No, luckily I do not work for her.  Or anyone for that matter.  I belong to that group called Travelers, more commonly known as Gypsies."
"Gypsies," Tandor echoed.  "I've heard stories about the Gypsies."
El Grande looked at him expectantly and saw the blush spread to Tandor's face.  
"Not stories you wish to relate, I gather."
"I never believe half the stories I hear and that's a fact."  Tandor tested the fillets for doneness and began to dish them out onto squares of flat bread.
Dagon was curious about El Grande's mission but decided not to press the man with too many questions.  The stranger seemed eager enough to talk in exchange for food.
"The Gypsies generally travel as a group, do they not?" Dagon asked.
"Always.  My fellow Travelers are still in Henge.  I hope as a result of this errand we will be granted sanctuary in Henge.  We certainly got no welcome in Fernland."
Dagon blew on his fish to cool it.  "You must have passed by Helsop on your way to Henge.  No one told me of any Gypsies seeking sanctuary."
El Grande's mouth dropped a little in surprise as he took a closer look at Dagon and Tandor.  "You two are from Henge?"
Dagon supposed he was surprised to find men from Helsop dressed reasonably well with healthy horses and food to eat.
"You should not believe all the stories you hear either.  Helsop has had a small wave of prosperity of late."
Now it was El Grande's turn to blush.  "You are correct.  My apologies.  I am happy for your prosperity.  How did it come about?"
"It is a tangled tale at best, but our prosperity lies mainly in a new treaty with Fernland—the result of my engagement to King Geoffrey's daughter, the Princess Electra."
El Grande's surprise turned to shock.  He carefully set his cup on the ground to keep it from spilling.  His expression turned skeptical.  "You are engaged to Princess Electra?"
Tandor turned a grim face to El Grande.  "Why would you question our Headman's word?"
El Grande's hands flew up, palms out.  "I do not question it.  Why would I?  It is just that I am sent on this journey to warn your Electra of a possible threat."
Now Dagon put his cup down with a clatter.  His voice was low and controlled.
"Quickly now—what threat?"
"It may be nothing, truly.  We have one man, his name is Shandor, and he loves wine too much.  His daughter, Angelica, went missing about the same time Electra and Serafina left Chase Bound.  He believes Electra knows something concerning his daughter's whereabouts.  So he stayed behind to try to find out what she knows.  As I say, it may amount to nothing.  He does get belligerent when he drinks and Serafina knows this about him.  That is why she insisted I go at once to warn Electra.  An abundance of caution, I call it."
"You should not have left him behind, knowing his character."  Dagon finished his breakfast in two bites and drank down his tea in one long swallow.  "Your work is done.  You may continue on or return to Henge, as you wish.  I will be warning this Shandor that he'd best not go near Electra for any reason."
El Grande stood up, shaken by Dagon's sudden change in demeanor.
"I...I suppose I will return to Henge, then.  I see I can trust you with my errand."
Dagon did not bother to reply.  He was already gathering up his belongings and saddling his horse.
Tandor quickly stomped out the campfire and poured water in the skillet to cool it down.  Within minutes they were ready to go.  
El Grande had just reached the King's Road when Dagon and Tandor overtook him at a gallop.  El Grande sat on his horse in the middle of the road, deciding which direction to take.  Finally he turned north and headed back toward Henge.

Chapter 15

Castle at Fernland

Dagon and Tandor crossed over the drawbridge to Fernland's castle late in the afternoon after a hard day's ride.  The guards at the gate waved them through.  Evidently the message he had sent with a trader informing King Geoffrey of his intended visit had been received.  Dagon handed over his horse to Tandor and rushed up the steps to the castle.
Dagon was ushered into King Geoffrey's throne room by a page who met him on the steps of the castle.
"King Geoffrey is expecting you," the page informed him.
Dagon thought that odd as he had not intended such a fast pace.  He supposed lookouts along the way had signaled his progress.
The page stepped inside the door of the throne room and announced his visitor.
"Dagon of Helsop, Your Highness."
Dagon thought he might at least have given him the title of Headman, but he let it go.
"A pleasure to see you again, Your Majesty."  Dagon made a slight bow.
"Indeed," King Geoffrey responded.  He waved Dagon to the round table at the base of his throne.  Dagon was at least relieved to see that his audience with the King would not take place standing while King Geoffrey sat upon his throne.
"I was told you rode here at an impressive pace.  Were you and your man in some sort of competition?"
"I have had news of a possible threat to Electra.  I only stopped here first hoping she might be visiting.  If she is not, I must make all possible speed to reach King's Lake."
"Be at peace.  She is here."  King Geoffrey's voice wavered.  "What sort of threat?"
"One of the Gypsies stayed behind at King's Lake.  He believes Electra knows the whereabouts of his daughter and means to get the information from her even at the cost of disobeying your order to leave Fernland.  He is of a belligerent character, he drinks excessively and is not to be trusted."
"I see.  We will keep Electra here until this man is located."
"I intend to search the lake area and find him myself.  It is he who will be warned in no uncertain terms."
"I assure you, that will not be necessary.  My guardsmen, being more numerous, will find him quickly and arrest him for disobeying my order to move on."
King Geoffrey paused, wondering how to broach his next question.  "These Gypsies have settled in Helsop, then?"
"No.  They are attempting to obtain sanctuary in Henge.  We met one of them by chance this morning. He had been sent by Serafina to warn Electra of the threat."
King Geoffrey stiffened a little at the mention of Serafina's name.  "Did you know I have issued a warrant for Serafina's capture on a charge of murder?"
Dagon's surprise showed in his face.  "I did not.  Who has she murdered?"
"There must be a finding, of course, but it is possible she engineered the magic that resulted in General Pommell's death in Chase Bound."
"I remember hearing stories of General Pommell's bravery.  He must have been advanced in years."
"Elderly, yes.  But still in good health.  He was overcome by heat and smoke during a forest fire."
Dagon raised his eyebrows in obvious question.  An elderly man succumbing to smoke during a forest fire did not sound like murder.
"It was raining a downpour at the time of the forest fire."  King Geoffrey's scowl stopped any argument Dagon might have put forward.
"But that is all beside my foremost reason in wishing to speak with you," King Geoffrey continued.  He looked away briefly, as though composing his thoughts.
"Electra has been exhibiting a thirst for independence of late that her mother and I find quite worrisome.  She seems to have no qualms about putting herself at risk for the smallest of whims.  We are concerned for her safety and thought you might have more success than we have had at reining her in."
Dagon could hardly suppress a smile at this confession on King Geoffrey's part.  "That is unlikely, I fear.  What is this latest whim?"
"I am allowing Avor to sail to Taz at Bataar's request to witness some nonsense called the Nomadic Games.  Electra has invited herself along as well, saying she plans to gather herbs there with her physician mentor.  I see no reason for her to put herself at risk."  King Geoffrey looked at Dagon hopefully.  "Surely you agree.  She has promised to request your permission before going."
"I see."  Dagon did see.  He saw that forbidding such an adventure would not bode well for his and Electra's tenuous relationship.  "I can not promise your desired outcome, but I will certainly discuss it and point out some of the dangers she may not have considered."
King Geoffrey took a deep breath and blew it out quickly.  "Come then, let us learn what activities Delphinia has prepared in your honor."

 Dagon and King Geoffrey entered the Banquet Hall where a large group of dignitaries had gathered.  King Geoffrey introduced Dagon to a few of his ministers before Queen Delphinia entered the hall with Prince Avor and Princess Electra.
Electra spotted Dagon in the crowd and excused herself to greet him.  He lifted her from the floor with a hug and a smile.
"I am so relieved to find you here safe and cared for."  Dagon stood with his hands still curved tightly around her arms.
Electra laughed in surprise.  "But what state had you imagined me in?"
"I was told a Gypsy called Shandor might have accosted you—wanting information on his daughter's whereabouts."
"Shandor!  Yes, he did question me in a rude manner.  Luckily, an elderly Gypsy woman reminded him I was a guest and should not be treated is such a way."
"When did this happen?"
"The evening before they left Fernland."
"My informant told me Shandor stayed behind after the others left for the same purpose—to force you to tell him what you know of his daughter.  Even now your father has his guardsmen out looking for the man at King's Lake.  He plans to arrest him when he is located."
"I did not know Shandor had stayed behind.  Your informant believes he may be dangerous?"
"Serafina believes he may be.  She sent one of the Gypsies back to warn you about him.  That was the informant I met on my way here."
Electra tried to change the subject.  "So the Travelers have found a home in Henge?"
"I believe those negotiations are not yet concluded.  But my informant, El Grande, was hopeful."  Dagon finally released Electra's arms, content that she was truly safe.  A small furrow settled on his brow.  "But why would this Shandor imagine that you could lead him to his daughter?"
Electra had hoped to avoid this question.  She had given her word to Angelica that she would keep the secret of her origins safe.  It was a promise made too easily, she now realized.
"I do not know," Electra replied.  "Evidently she went missing at about the same time I left Chase Bound with Avor."
Dagon ran his fingers through his hair in a gesture Electra recognized well.  It meant he was reluctant to broach a subject he would rather avoid.
"Your father tells me you are considering a voyage to Taz."
"Actually I have quite decided to go."
"Such a voyage seems a dangerous undertaking, given your recent involvement with Barburee."
"We go on Bataar's invitation.  It might prove more dangerous in the long view to ignore such an invitation from a professed ally."
As Dagon appeared to ponder this, a small group of musicians, dressed as pirates, entered the Hall and began to play.  Within a few notes, Electra was quite certain of the fiddle player's true identity.  He might be dressed as a pirate but there was no doubt he was Shandor, the Gypsy.  The pirate next to him played the flute.  Even with the eye patch, Electra was sure it was Take the Thief.  The short pirate was Bear and the big pirate next to him was certainly Smiles.
Electra wondered what she should do.  If she told anyone, Shandor would be taken captive in short order.  Angelica's secret would soon be common knowledge and Shandor would likely be consigned to the dungeon.  It was one thing for Shandor to delay leaving with the caravan and quite another to threaten a member of the Royal Family.  Her father would show him no mercy.  Since no one else had recognized him, she had the luxury of time to think the matter through before deciding what to do.

Chapter 16

Castle of Fernland

Dagon took Electra's elbow and guided her to a quiet corner of the Great Hall.  He looked around to make sure no one was watching them, then pulled a paper cylinder from his tunic and carefully unrolled it.  He separated a few grains of the white powder from the black and yellow powders.
"Are you familiar with this white powder?" he asked.
Electra pressed a few grains to her finger tip and studied them closely.  "It radiates heat.  I believe it might have been an ingredient in one of Serafina's magic tricks.  A violet flash—a small explosion."  Electra looked up at Dagon, wondering why he was interested in a sorceress's tool.
"Yes.  That must be it.  This is the one ingredient used in the exploding arrows that we have not been able to identify."
"You wish to create exploding arrows?  Why?"
"We make swords and armor.  If these exploding arrows are the new direction of warfare, we need to know how to produce them."
Electra shook her head.  "Advancements in warfare are anathema to physicians."
Dagon smiled.  "Your apprenticeship is advancing quickly.  You already count yourself as one of them."
Electra scraped the grains of powder back onto the paper.  She looked up at Dagon.  "I do feel I have found my calling.  I admire Rabar.  He is a fine physician and a patient teacher."
Dagon rolled the paper cylinder carefully to preserve the contents.  "Do you know where Serafina purchased this white powder?"
"No.  But she must have purchased it.  It was not something I gathered for her  from the swamp.  She may have got it from trading ships coming in to port at Land's End."
"Do you know the name of the powder?" 
"No.  You could ask for the white powder that burns with a violet flame.  To advise you further—I would have to ask Serafina."
"That might not be a good idea.  Deimos went looking for the powder in Henge and an alert went out to the Palace Guard.  He was nearly apprehended.  I believe it is a closely guarded secret in Henge.  Even asking about it almost led to his arrest."
"Perhaps Rabar is familiar with it.  I will be returning to the lake tomorrow.  I could ask him."
Dagon shook his head.  "Your father will insist that you remain here at the castle until Shandor is apprehended."
Electra turned at the sound of a chime.  The call to dinner.  The doors to the dining hall swung open and diners began to find their places around the table.  The musicians had finished their entertainment and were beginning to pack up their instruments.  If she intended to confront Shandor, she would have to do it now.  She grasped Dagon's arm as he turned toward the dining room.
"I need to speak to Take the Thief for just a moment.  Find our seats at the table and I will join you there."  Electra rushed off before Dagon could ask any more questions.

"A very nice concert," Electra said as she approached Take.  "I see you have a new fiddle player."
"Shandor.  Do you remember him from the Traveler caravan?"
"Yes.  I met him there.  Perhaps I will just say hello."
Electra brushed past the other musicians with a smile and spoke to Shandor in a whisper.
"The Royal Guard is even now searching for you at King's Lake.  You are to be apprehended and charged doubly—for disobeying King Geoffrey's order to leave Fernland and for threatening a member of the Royal Family."
"I did not threaten you," Shandor replied in an angry voice.  "I only asked what you knew of Angelica's whereabouts."
"It is no matter now.  The dye is cast.  You must leave or be captured."
"And will you be the one to sound the alarm?" His expression turned haughty.
Electra bit back an angry reply.  "I can tell you this.  Angelica left because you drank too much.  She feared you might soon use even your own daughter to secure the thing you loved most.  She does not want you to know her whereabouts."
Shandor's face showed how much her charges had hurt him.  He quickly regained his belligerent countenance.  "Why should I believe you?"
"Because you know it is true."  Electra refused to feel pity for this man who had brought on his own suffering.  "I will not be the one to sound the hue and cry, but this is likely the only warning you will get.  Use it wisely."
Electra turned away and caught up to Dagon as he searched the table for his seat.  She was happy to see that they were seated together near the head of the table.  It seemed Dagon was now viewed favorably by the King.  She wondered why.
King Geoffrey rose when all the guests had been seated.  He raised his wine glass in the air.
"We have as our guest tonight, our ally and future son-in-law—Dagon of Helsop."  The King tipped his glass in Dagon's direction, then took a sip.
Cries of "Hear, Hear" and broad smiles found Dagon at his place around the table.
"Here is something unexpected."  Electra studied Dagon's face.  "Have you an explanation for the King's sudden favor?"
Dagon laughed.  "Were you to forego your voyage to Taz on my say so, I would likely be named to some important post on the spot."
"I see."  Electra turned a wry expression in her father's direction.
Dagon took a sip of wine to acknowledge the King's toast, then turned his attention back to Electra.  "I am to extend good wishes to you from many in Helsop.  You are missed greatly."
"You flatter me."
"You would not say so were you to see the progress on your school.  I have never seen more committed workers."
"You should see to the completion of Helsop's castle first."
Dagon shook his head.  "Your school remains our first priority."
"But I have a long apprenticeship still before me."
"Never was there a more apt learner.  I predict you will know all in a third the usual time."
Electra laughed.  "I will never know all.  It would be presumptuous for me to shepherd a school any time soon."
Dagon spread butter on a chunk of bread with his knife.  "Am I to continue to find favor with the King?  Will you allow the ship to sail without you?"
Electra sighed.  "Were I not to go, it would be for that reason alone.  But I am sorry.  I feel I need to go."  Electra looked at Dagon with affection.  "Perhaps I can locate a source of your white powder while I am there."
Dagon's knife froze in mid-air.  He glared at Electra with a stern face.  "You must not put yourself at risk over that powder.  If it is protected in Taz as it is in Henge, even an innocent question could put you in jeopardy."
"I will do nothing to put myself in jeopardy," Electra insisted.
Dagon looked unsure.  "Promise me you will forget all about the white powder while in Taz or I swear I will kidnap you myself to keep you from going."
Electra's hands flew up in a gesture of surrender.  "I promise!  The secret of the powder's whereabouts is safe from me."
Dagon looked at Electra from the corner of his eye, wondering if he could trust her word.
They continued to eat in silence.

Chapter 17

King's Lake

The day before Electra and Avor were to leave for Taz was also the day the Fernland acting troupe had chosen to put on their show for the workmen of Taz—a generous gesture designed to encourage the Taz men to begin work on their theatre.  The grassy hillside above the site of the future theatre was covered with people sitting on blankets.  All of the workers from Taz were there.  The Royal Family of Fernland was there.  King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia wanted to spend this last evening with their children who were leaving the next morning at first light for Taz.  Many of Fernland's people had also made the trek down to King's Lake to see the show.  Take called the members of his acting troupe together for one last conference before they took their places to begin the performance.
"This is it, my Dears.  Any last questions?" he asked.
A muffled voice came from the stomach of a giant squid.  "I can't hardly hear nothin'.  How'll we know when to start coming up outa the lake?"
"You'll be able to hear Shandor begin his first song on your way out to the platform.  The music will carry well over the water.  There will be a short pause between songs.  As soon as the second song begins, you will begin to slither out from the platform to the boat.  Just to be sure I'll raise the lantern twice to signal the beginning of the second song.  Anything else?"
Bear's gruff voice came from the head of a shark.  "Let's just get on with it afore I suffocate."
"Off you go then lads and lasses.  Good show to you all," Take shouted.
A black curtain set across the beach front shielded the audience's view of the raft as the actors made their way out to tie up at the submerged platform hidden behind a small rowboat.  Shandor began to play a melancholy tune.  Take joined him with his flute, then stepped in front of the curtain to welcome his audience.
"Royalty of Fernland, loyal subjects, workmen of Taz:  welcome to you all.  We dedicate this performance to our visitors from Taz.  We, the actors and magicians of Fernland bring you this heartfelt performance entitled "A Gift From the Sea."
The black curtain opened slowly.  Behind the curtain was the wide blue expanse of King's Lake, its small white caps lapping the shore.  A small empty boat bobbed up and down about a hundred feet off shore.  It was still plainly visible although dusk was fast approaching.
Shandor, hidden at the edge of the curtain, began a tune full of minor chords and foreboding rhythms.  From out of the lake, just behind the boat, a giant squid rose up from the water.  The squid seemed to rest on the water for just a moment before it squirmed its way across the water and flopped into the small boat.  A great blue shark, flashing its teeth and thrashing its tail, soon followed the squid into the boat.  Next into the boat was King Neptune himself, clothed in seaweed, pulling a wooden chest behind him.  King Neptune was followed by a graceful sea horse and two mermaids.
The sea creatures took up oars and slowly made their way to shore.  King Neptune pulled the boat onto the sand and the other sea creatures flopped and wiggled from the boat.  The music changed to a spritely tune and the sea creatures began their rendition of a spirited sea creature dance on the sandy shore.  The squid whirled in circles, the mermaids bounced along on their tails, the shark lunged at the audience and snapped his teeth and the seahorse galloped around Neptune and his chest.  As the dance ended and darkness descended, the sea creatures took torches from the boat and lit them with a touch from King Neptune's trident.  As they dragged the wooden chest and shovels from the boat, the sea creatures looked around suspiciously, careful that they were not being observed.  The audience remained very quiet.
Finally, confident that no one was watching, King Neptune began to dig a hole in the sand.  The music took on a note of mystery and suspense as they lowered the chest into the ground.  With a few final swishes of the mermaids' tails, all traces of the buried chest were smoothed over.  One by one the sea creatures made their awkward way back into the boat.  King Neptune pushed the boat into the water and they rowed themselves into deeper water where they all flung themselves over the side of the boat and back from whence they had come.
The fiddle music took on  a wistful sound and from down the beach came two men.  They appeared to be workmen from Taz, walking slowly, stopping here and there to dig for clams.  One of the men chanced to dig his shovel into the exact spot where the chest lay buried.  He looked surprised when his shovel stopped short, hitting on something solid hidden beneath the sand.
The two men began at once to shovel the top sand away, then, more carefully they began to sweep the lower sand away with their hands.  The fevered pace of Shandor's music reflected the men's excitement.  When the top of the chest was exposed, they gently raised the lid.  With a roar and a billowing cloud of smoke, a huge genie burst forth from the chest.
The two men fell down to their knees and hardly dared to look at the genie.  In both English and Taz, the genie told the men they had nothing to fear.  Since they had released him from his prison, he would give them their heart's desire.  
"You may have one wish and only one.  Choose wisely."  The genie's voice thundered across the sand to the hill beyond.
The two men dressed as workmen from Taz moved closer to the black curtain to confer.  The black curtains opened and closed as they whispered.  One wish after another took shape as the two men considered which wish to finally ask for.  First the curtain opened on a table heaped with pots of gold and jewels.  One man shook his head and the other waved his arms in argument.  The curtain closed and opened again on a group of richly clad, beautiful women, smiling and waving to the men.  Again, the men argued and the curtain closed.  This time the curtain opened on a table laden with food.  A feast fit for a king.  Both men shook their heads and grew quiet, looking to the sky for inspiration.  One man whispered to the other and the second nodded in agreement.  They had found their wish.
The two men bowed to the genie and asked in strong voices, both in English and Taz, "We would like to have our families with us again."
In another billow of smoke the genie nodded his agreement.  The black curtain opened and there stood the families of the two men, sitting at the table, still laden down with the feast, all of them overjoyed to be reunited.  The two men and their families hugged one another, laughed, cried, ate and drank as the curtains closed a final time.
The audience was strangely quiet as Take came through the curtains.  Many of the Taz workers looked to the Caliph to judge what their reaction should be.  The Caliph was draped in blankets next to Rabar, his son.  With Rabar's help, the Caliph straightened to a standing position and made a gesture of gratitude.  He touched his head, his heart and then held his hands palms up in Take's direction.  He then began to clap.  The workmen all followed suit, clapping wildly, whistling and cheering.  Fernland's royal family clapped politely and the other Fernlanders followed their lead.  A few could be seen to discretely wipe tears from their faces.  The play had only served to point out how cruel it was to separate families.
Take bowed gratefully and opened the curtain to admit a long line of performers.  The clapping showed no sign of stopping.  
"I believe we have our new theatre," Take whispered to his fellow actors.  "Go out there and seal the deal."
The actors dispersed themselves among the audience, answering questions about how some actions were performed and begging off others, citing the magician's code of secrecy. 
As Take moved up to the royal family, Queen Delphinia took his hand and clasped it between her two hands.
"I am so moved by your performance.  Who among us has not felt the loss when one or more of the family is missing.  I am now even more reluctant to see my children off on a sea voyage to a savage country."  
Take could see that her eyes were close to overflowing with tears.  He thanked her and moved on quickly.
King Geoffrey seemed ill at ease.  "Good performance," he said in a gruff voice.  "But you've not made my job as Fernland's guardian any easier."  He did not add that he had forbidden the families of the Taz men to settle in Fernland, but everyone had guessed as much.
Again, Take moved on quickly.  
Avor shook Take's hand.  "It was very convincing, those sea monsters coming out of the lake.  I see now why you needed the platform."
Take bowed.  "You are all most gracious.  Were it not for your generosity none of this would be possible.  We are in your debt."  Take looked around for Princess Electra, but she was not there.

Shandor had spotted Angelica in the crowd on the hillside before the performance started.  She sat next to Muller the Spy.  The spy of all people!  Muller had lied to his face.  He must have come back to their camp in Chase Bound the year before and convinced her to run away with him.  Anger and thirst were driving Shandor in different directions.    He wanted a drink badly and he had the money now from Take to buy it.  He also wanted to confront Muller the Spy and Angelica with their actions before they had time to leave.  But he could not take a chance on being arrested.  He would wait until Muller left Angelica's side and speak to his daughter first.  
Shandor made his way through the crowd to where he had seen Angelica.  People saw his fiddle and stopped to shake his hand and congratulate him on his performance.  It would have been nice to stay with these actors.  That was impossible now, thanks to Muller, Electra and whoever else was responsible for his problems.
He saw Muller.  He was bent over Angelica as she sat on their blanket.  He waved a goodbye as he moved away.  Shandor kept to the shadows and approached Angelica from behind.
"Is it true you no longer wish to acknowledge me as your father?"
Angelica twisted around quickly to face the familiar voice.  She managed a nervous smile.
"I am married now.  We are happy.  I have no wish to return to the Traveler camp."  Angelica put her hand on her father's shoulder.  "You played beautifully tonight.  I was proud of you."
Shandor shook off her hand roughly.  "How did Muller seduce you?  Did he offer you money to leave with him?"
Angelica looked confused.  "Serafina helped me to run away.  It was my choice and I am grateful to her.  I met Muller later—aboard a ship."
"What an enchanting story.  I can see how a gypsy father could be easily forgotten."
Angelica's expression wavered between guilt and anger.  "I did not think you would ever change your habits."  She raised her eyes to his.  "Do you still drink and become abusive."
Shandor shook a finger in his daughter's face.  "Because I sought to rescue you I am now a wanted man.  You might have saved me from that at least by being honest."  Shandor stood up and quickly melted away into the shadows.
Electra found Angelica sobbing a few minutes later.
"What is it?  Did your father find you?"
Angelica nodded.
"I will summon the Guard and have him arrested."
"No, no.  He did not hurt me.  Only my feelings.  I am an ungrateful daughter.  Because of me he is a wanted man."
"Did you tell Muller about your father?"
Angelica shook her head.  "Muller leaves tomorrow for Taz.  I do not want my deceit to be the last thing he takes away to remember me by."
"Do you think your father plans to stay in Fernland?"
"No.  He does not want to be arrested.  I believe he will leave tonight."
Electra felt uneasy about continuing to keep Angelica's secret, but she did not want to add to her distress.  She would be leaving herself in the early morning, along with Muller, Avor, Rabar, Hilgard and Tandor.  She patted Angelica's hand.
"Do not worry.  It will all work out for the best."  Electra smiled at Angelica.  "No more tears.  Muller will be back soon."  She waited while Angelica wiped her eyes on her sleeve.  "I should rejoin my family.  Will you be all right?"
Angelica sniffed and nodded.  "I will be fine.  You are a true friend."
Electra stood, looked around to make sure Shandor was not lurking in the shadows, and set out to find Dagon. 

Chapter 18

King's Lake

The crew and passengers of the Spirit of Taz spent the night aboard ship to ensure a very early morning departure.  All goodbyes had been said the night before.  Electra awoke to the sounds of sailors rushing to and fro above deck.  It took a moment for her to remember she had stayed on the ship last night to be ready for the early sailing.  She felt around in the dark cabin to find her dress and shoes, dressed quickly and found her way to the ladder that led up to the deck.  On deck she stayed near the ladder while she located all the pockets of activity.  Groups of men worked the sails, pulled up the anchor and lashed down the shore boat.  The sun was still below the horizon although the sky to the east was beginning to lighten.  Huddled shadowy silhouettes of sailors pulled on ropes and chains and shouted words that she could not understand.
She saw the anchor rise slowly from the mud of the lake's bottom.  The big rock hung dripping water and weeds at the side of the ship.  One of the sails lifted up and billowed out in the breeze.  She could see the shore line but could not make out any of the people on shore.  Dagon and her parents had returned to Fernland's castle the night before after the show.  Dagon planned to stay at the castle a few more days at King Geoffrey's request.  This request puzzled Electra as much as it puzzled Dagon.
Dagon had insisted that Tandor go along with her on the voyage and Electra did not object.  Tandor kept watch over her at a distance, but was not intrusive.  She rather liked the young man and his forthright manner.  Rabar had tried to convince the Caliph to come with him, but the Caliph refused, insisting he would improve more quickly on dry land, and would likely be restored to health by the time Rabar returned.  Electra suspected his refusal had more to do with keeping up good relations with the King and Queen than the state of his health.  In this the Caliph had probably decided correctly.  Only he seemed able to quell her father's mounting concerns about allowing the Taz people a refuge in Fernland.
A pink glow preceded the sun's emergence at the horizon.  Shouts from the seamen increased in volume and suddenly the ship was underway.  Electra felt the ladder shift and looked down below at Muller's face.  He yawned as he looked up at her.
"Good morrow.  I believe we have set sail?" he asked.
"Just now."  She moved a little away from the ladder to allow him room to ascend.
As Muller's head cleared the deck, he smiled.  "I've always enjoyed travel by ship.  Probably should have been a sailor."
"I suppose now we have a port some of Fernland's citizens will take to the sea for their livelihood."  Electra moved to the side of the ship facing Fernland.  She saw people waving on shore.  She waved back, though she could not make out their faces."
"I understand you and Physician Rabar will be bringing back medicinal herbs," Muller said as he joined her at the ship's rail.
"Yes.  I doubt I will have much time for observing the Nomadic Games.  We will likely be spending much of our time out gathering.  Will you be taking part in any of the contests?"
Muller stretched his arms over his head.  "No, I'll probably be out and about in the countryside as well." 
Electra looked at Muller curiously and he jerked to attention.  "That is, when I'm not needed to keep an eye on Prince Avor."  Muller's voice trailed off and Electra smiled a knowing smile.
"You'll be looking for the elusive white powder as well."
"What?  No!  How...?"  Muller paused to regain his composure.  "What do you mean 'as well'?"
Now it was Electra's turn to be flustered.  "I mean nothing by it."
Both were silent for a few moments.
"King Geoffrey would not have sent you to locate a source of the white powder without telling me."  Muller scowled at Electra.  "You'd best tell me the meaning of your words."
"I know everyone is trying to duplicate the exploding arrows, that is all.  I have seen the mixture of powders, but I could not identify the white powder."
"How could you have seen the mixture?  Again, I say, King Geoffrey would have told me had he shown you the powders.  I risked my life to bring back a sample."
Electra's chin jutted out at a stubborn angle.  "Others have risked much as well.  The mixture is not so secret as you suppose.  But I suspect the source of the white powder is the sticking point."
Muller brooded over Electra's words for a few moments.  "If we are both looking for it, we might as well go together."
"I am not looking for it—only for medicinal herbs."  Electra stared at Muller as a new thought took hold.  "Avor has not been sent for this purpose, has he?"
"No.  Of course not.  He has no part in it.  It is too dangerous.  And you must not tell him about my part in it."
"Agreed.  I will not tell him and you will not question me further."
Muller looked at Electra with narrow, suspicious eyes.  "It is Tandor who has been sent to look, isn't it?"
Electra turn away from Muller and looked out to shore, saying nothing.
A chime rang below decks and Muller said, "That's the call to breakfast."  He smiled at Electra and continued in a low voice.  "We are on the same side, after all.  No harm is done, but it is probably for the best if we speak no more on the subject."

The ship's galley sat amidships below deck.  Since they were still moving slowly along the newly deepened estuary, the ship's movement was not pronounced.  Electra and Muller joined Tandor and Hilgard at the crew's table.
"Mush or eggs," Hilgard stated.  The cook says we may have either or both.
"Eggs for me."  Muller rolled up his sleeves and sat down taking a fork in one hand, a knife in the other.
"Eggs for me as well."  Electra sat down next to Tandor.  "Did you sleep well?" she asked.
Tandor swallowed a mouthful of eggs.  "I did finally.  It took a while to become accustomed to the ship's rocking and the constant creaking noises."
Electra nodded.  "With luck we will have fair weather all the way."
Avor came into the warm dining room rubbing sleep from his eyes.  "I can hardly believe I slept through our departure.  He looked at everyone's plates.  "I'm hungry as a bear.  Eggs is it?"
Hilgard gestured toward the kitchen galley.  "Just let the cook know what you want.  Eggs or mush or both."
"Both."  Avor yelled his order into the galley in the Taz language.  He had already picked up quite a lot of their speech.
Rabar entered the dining area as Avor took his seat.
"Good morning to all.  We are off at last."  Rabar took in the excited faces around the table and sat next to Electra.
"Next stop—Taz."  Avor took the plate from the cook and began to eat with gusto.
"Actually we will likely make a stop along the way," Rabar said in a relaxed voice.
Surprise and questioning looks met his statement.
Rabar returned their curious glances with a shrug.  "We will need to take on provisions and supplies along the way."
Electra said nothing, nor did the others, but she had seen the barrels and crates already loaded into the ship's hold.  It seemed more than enough to take them to Taz and back.  She wondered what the real reason for this unscheduled stop could be.

Chapter 19

Fernland's Castle

The day after the show at King's Lake, the members of the acting troupe were in high spirits.  Take, Shandor, Bear and Smiles sat around the bakery stall at the marketplace along the castle wall, congratulating one another on the success of their last production.  They ate pastries fresh from the outdoor oven while they waited for the remainder of their acting troupe to join them.
"What'd King Geoffrey have ta say bout our play?" Bear asked.  "I seen ya talking' to 'im."
Take savored a bite of pastry.  "Said it made his job harder. I expect he's afraid if the Taz workers start bringing in their families, he'll never get rid of them."
Shandor looked surprised.  "Did he actually say that?"
Take waved the question away.  "No, not to me, but he did say to me it makes his job harder and I know what job he's talking about—the job of keeping outsiders out.   It's no secret.  Everybody knows the King doesn't like foreigners moving in."  Take looked at Shandor and laughed.  "I suppose you know that first hand."
"What do you mean by that?" Shandor scowled as he looked at Take.
"What do you think I mean?" Take asked with a curious expression.  "Didn't he ask the whole of your Traveler caravan to move on?"
"Oh, that.  Yes."  Shandor looked up at the castle with a sigh.  "I suppose I should be moving on myself to join them."
Smiles held up his hand.  "Hold up there.  Yer a part a our troupe now.  You don't need to be movin' on.  Is’t that right?"  He looked at his friend, Bear, to back him up.
Bear shrugged.  "A lotta people be upset ta see that there fiddle leave Fernland."  Bear pointed to the fiddle resting on the bakery counter.
"An what about findin' yer daughter?" Smiles asked.  "Ya can't do that if yer not here."
"I found her.  She wants no part of me."  Shandor looked away.
No one knew what to say.  The hurt on Shandor's face was obvious.
Laughter and shouts drew the men's attention away from Shandor.  Peaches, Trixie, Angie and Tom ran up to join them.
"Why the glum faces?" Angie asked.  "We did ourselves proud last night didn't we?"
"I'll bet them blokes from Taz is already a cuttin an' a measurin' fer our new stage."  Tom mimed a man with a saw.
"Yeah.  We really stumped 'em."  Trixie laughed.  "You shoulda heard 'em tryin' ta figger how that big genie came outta that little box."  Trixie beamed at Smiles and the huge man smiled back.
Smiles had allowed himself to be buried in the sand in his genie costume, breathing through a piece of rolled parchment pushed just a little above the parchment colored sand, until the treasure chest with a false bottom was unearthed by the actors.  When the lid was opened, he lunged through the box, to the delight of all.
"An how we all come slidin' up outta the water," Peaches added.  "I tole 'em we was all magicians an' it was magic."  Peaches fumbled around in her little cloth bag.  "An' we got another surprise for ya all.  Show 'em what you done, Tom, while I find my little clothes."
Tom smiled sheepishly and pulled some little wooden figures out of his pocket.  "I whittled some little sea creatures ta sell at the bakery stand ta them what liked our show."  He scattered the little wooden figures along the counter.
"An us girls made some little bitty costumes ta put on 'em, ta show they's little actors."  Peaches brought out the colorful scraps of cloth and yarn they had fashioned into costumes for the wooden sea creatures.
The men all looked at Bear, fearing he would insult the girls by calling their work silly or worse, as Angie pulled a little crocheted garment over the squid's arms.  It appeared to be one arm short of the full eight.
Bear surprised everyone by beaming a proud smile at Peaches.  "I can't hardly believe none a one's ever thought of sellin' such little wooden actors afore this."
Take looked at Bear, then at Peaches, first suspiciously, then with a knowing grin.  "I've no doubt people will stand in line to buy them. This will keep some money coming in even if we don't get any work for a while.”
"Why wouldn't we be gettin' any work?" Tom asked.
Take shrugged his shoulders.  "With Prince Avor and Princess Electra gone for a time, and no visitors scheduled, there's not much to celebrate.  The King and Queen already had their welcome party for Dagon.  I just don't see any work at the castle in the near future."
"Queen Delphinia'll find somethin' ta celebrate.  She don't need much reason," Peaches said.
The others all laughed at the truth of that statement and cheers of "Long live the Queen" rang out.
"We still got our bakery stand.  We won't go hungry."  Smiles looked concerned in spite of his words.
"Then why do ya all look like ya jest come from a funeral?" Angie asked.
Smiles frowned.  "Shandor here is fixin' ta move on."
Angie looked from Smiles to Shandor.  "Why?  We'll be gettin' more work afore long."
"King Geoffrey ordered us all to move on.  I'll likely be arrested when they find out I didn't leave with the caravan."
Angie shook her head emphatically.  "That was afore the King and Queen heard ya play yer fiddle.  They'd let ya stay now, I bet.  We could ask 'em."
"No!"  Shandor's tone was vehement.  "I don't want to take the chance.  I'll see how things go up in Henge.  Maybe I'll come back after the King's had time to forget about me."
"And maybe I'll just tag along with you to Henge," Take said.
"What!?" Exclamations rang out as all looked at Take with open mouths.  "Why would ya be doin' such a thing?" Tom asked.
Take held out his hands, palms out, in a calming gesture. "I never told any of you, but my mother was a Traveler lass.  While the Gypsy caravan was here I found out from an old Traveler woman that my mother, Drina, left the life and took up a job at some rich man's house in Henge.  Then she came up expecting me and moved down to Fernland.  She never told me about why she moved or who my father was.  But every month a soldier rode up and gave my mother a gold coin.  After she died, the soldier came, found out she was dead, said he was sorry to hear it, and left.  That's when I moved out and began making my own way."  Take laughed at the serious faces of his friends.  "Things didn't turn out so bad.  Cheer up."  They all managed weak smiles.  "But just out of curiosity I'd kind of like to find out the source of those gold coins.  So far, the only clue I've had is from that old Traveler woman who's now moved on with the others to Henge.  Maybe she has more she could tell me."
"That there's some story," Tom said.  "I should go along with ya, case ya find out somethin' takes two ta sort out."
Take smiled.  "I need a friend here more.  You can send me word if we get a big commission."  Take looked at Shandor.  "What do you say? Could you do with some company on your way to Henge?'
Shandor shrugged.  "Bring your flute and your own drink.  We'll make it a good ramble."
Take went back to his shack to pack a few things while his friends bustled around packing more food and supplies than two men could possible carry. 

Chapter 20

Fernland

Two days after the ship had sailed carrying Electra and Avor to Taz, Dagon was still the guest of the King and Queen at their castle in Fernland.  He had been treated as a true guest, better even.  More like a family member.  This was quite a turnaround for one who had been hunted as an outlaw by Fernland soldiers only a few months ago.  He wondered, not for the first time, if there might be some devious reason for this newfound hospitality.
Dagon was still curious and a little apprehensive as he waited outside the kennels of Fernland's castle for King Geoffrey to make his appearance.  Geoffrey had invited Dagon to join him on a hunt this morning.  All round him, grooms and pages rushed about in a fever of activity.  A boy about nine years old walked by with two hounds on leashes.  Dagon smiled at him.
"Will your dogs be joining us on the hunt?" Dagon asked the boy
The boy nodded.  "This ere's Little Bit an tother be Singer.  Both as good a blood hounds as be anywhere.  Them noses can't either one be beat."
"They are fine looking hounds.  Are you their caretaker?"
"I am that.  Bucky's my name.  I sleep right there in the kennel with 'em.  They're my family, like."
"They are lucky to have you, Bucky.  I am sure they will make you proud."
Bucky patted the dogs on their shoulders.  He looked up at Dagon.  "You some kinda famous hunter?"
Dagon laughed.  "No.  Why would you think that?"
The boy shrugged.  "King Geoffrey hardly ever goes out huntin' less some guest is visitin' an bent on a hunt."
"In truth?  I did not know."
Bucky looked embarrassed.  "I shouldn't a said nothin'.  Not my place ta say."
Dagon smiled at the boy and ruffled his hair.  "Do not worry.  It will be our secret."  Dagon mimed buttoning his mouth with his fingers and the boy smiled back.
The master huntsman sounded his horn to announce King Geoffrey's arrival.  The King was followed by a wait staff who set up planks on saw horses and spread out an array of breakfast foods.
King Geoffrey walked up to Dagon, who rose from his bale of hay to make a short bow.  King Geoffrey waved him back down and sat on a bale of hay beside him.
"A good day for a hunt."  King Geoffrey looked up at the clear blue cloudless sky.
"Have you a quarry in mind?" Dagon asked.
"I am told there is hope of a stag."
"Your hunt staff seems in high spirits."
"I am sure they are.  I used to hunt quite often, but after Electra was kidnapped I could see that Delphinia was reluctant to let Avor go along on a hunt.  And of course Avor was devastated if I left him behind.  It seemed more politic not to go at all.  Silly, but it is the first thing I thought of doing once I knew Avor would be gone for a time."
"Quite understandable."
"The things we do to keep our women folk happy."  King Geoffrey shook his head as he stared off into the forest.
Dagon found himself nodding without thinking.
King Geoffrey looked at Dagon from the corner of his eye.  "Yes.  I suppose you would understand."  Geoffrey cleared his throat.  "I hear from Electra that you are building her a school of medicine."
Dagon came to attention.  "Yes.  It seemed a thing that might occupy her."
King Geoffrey pulled a handful of straw from his seat and balled it up in his hand.  "She seldom confides in me but I sense she is quite excited about the school."
"That is my hope."
"Do you suppose Serafina was the one to plant this idea to study medicine?"  King Geoffrey posed the question as though his interest was only idle curiosity.  Dagon knew better. 
"If that were the case, I doubt the idea would have taken root unless it coincided with Electra's ambitions."  Dagon made a little mark in the dirt with the heel of his boot.
"I know they stay in touch.  Electra admitted as much when she got the idea of taking Bataar to Henge."  King Geoffrey threw his ball of straw in the air and caught it with the same hand.
"I try not to interfere in Electra's affairs except as it affects her safety."
"I would count Serafina a threat to all our safeties.  Would you not?"
"Certainly she would be a formidable enemy."  Dagon wondered where King Geoffrey was headed with this conversation.  He wished he had questioned Electra more closely on how much she had told her father about Serafina.  He was running out of ambiguous replies to Geoffrey's questions.
"You have no doubt heard that I have offered a reward for Serafina's capture?"
"I have, yes."
"And I suppose you would hold her prisoner should she come to Helsop."
"She is not likely to come to Helsop with Electra living at King's Lake."
King Geoffrey seemed suddenly interested.  "She has visited Electra in Helsop?"
Dagon was blindsided.  Did the king know of Serafina's visit when Bataar was there?  One of Geoffrey's Royal Guard had driven the royal carriage that accompanied Bataar to Helsop.  Dagon had made sure that the carriage driver was kept busy and out of the way with a mysteriously broken carriage wheel when Serafina had put on her demonstration of exploding arrows.  He did not think Electra would have told King Geoffrey of Serafina's visit.  He took a chance that the King did not know, since he did not seem to know that Dagon had first hand knowledge of the exploding arrows.
"To my knowledge, they exchanged messages regarding Bataar and his designs on conquering Henge.  Bataar left after breaking two of his men out from my stockade and his tracks headed west toward Henge.  I believe he planned to make an attempt on Serafina's life."  Dagon hazarded a glance at King Geoffrey and found him nodding in agreement.  Dagon let out a breath slowly.
King Geoffrey pushed himself up from the bale of hay.  "See here.  I am keeping you talking while you are likely hungry.  We had best have something to fortify ourselves.  It could be a long day."
Dagon felt the truth of the King's last statement. With the sun barely over the horizon, he already felt worn out and sticky with nervous perspiration.  If King Geoffrey's close questioning kept up throughout the day it would be a long day indeed.

After a quick breakfast, the hunters mounted up and the hunt master blew his horn.  The dogs took off in a cacophony of barking, howling and baying, noses to the ground, with the hunters close behind.  They followed deer trails and scat droppings through dense areas of scrub and pine trees to a small lake.  A small group of deer grazed peacefully on the opposite shore.  The hunters split up taking opposites routes around the lake to box in their prey.
King Geoffrey was given the honor of killing the cornered stag.  He held his arrow steady and the shot was true, killing the animal instantly.  It was a large buck with ten tines on his antlers.  Dagon congratulated the King on his shot.
The King nodded.  "I should go out more often.  I was lucky with that shot.  I need to get back to the archery practice field as well."  King Geoffrey was in a very good mood.  His skin glowed with perspiration and exertion.  They rode back to the castle slowly along a wide path that allowed two horses to ride side by side.
"I suppose you have heard the rumors about these new arrows," King Geoffrey asked.
Here Dagon felt he was on more solid ground.  He knew from Electra that Muller had brought back evidence of the arrows from Barburee.
"I have both heard rumors and verified them.  The rumors are true."
Geoffrey raised his eyebrows.  "You have sent spies to Barburee?"
"No, I have sent spies to Henge.  It appears Prince Blackwell has also perfected the exploding arrows and we are left to play catch up."
King Geoffrey reined his horse to a halt.  "When did this happen?"
"I do not know how long he has had the secret.  My man brought back a sample of the exploding powders from Henge and I have been working to duplicate the mixture."
"With any success?"
"I have yet to ascertain a source for one of the powders."
"The white powder?"
"Exactly."  Dagon turned his lips up slightly.  "I do not suppose you would be willing to share such a source if you have found one?"
"I do not suppose I would.  But as it happens I have not yet located one myself."
They rode on in silence for a time.  King Geoffrey finally broke the silence.
"Any idea how long this engagement to my daughter is going to last?"
Dagon blushed but managed a weak smile.  "I am hoping the completion of the medical school might occasion the fixing of a wedding date."
King Geoffrey scowled but seemed to make a decision.  "Perhaps I will order some lumber sent your way."
Dagon, caught off guard by this latest show of generosity, had to gather his wits to manage a surprised, "We would be grateful."

Chapter 21

Kingdom of Henge

Serafina placed each of her twin girls on the floor of the nursery in a spot of sun that filtered through from a high window.  She had always thought of herself as Electra's mother, having raised her from infancy after kidnapping her from the nursery of Fernland's castle.  Electra had been a bright, happy child.  She had never given Serafina a bit of trouble.  Electra had not inherited the supernatural gifts of her Aunt Serafina.
The two little girls on the floor in front of her most assuredly had inherited the gifts of the black arts.  She would need to watch them very carefully to keep them safe from their own gifts and safe from people who did not understand such gifts and might wish to do them harm.  She was proud that they were so like herself. 
"Good girl."  Serafina watched as Esme managed to turn from her stomach to her back.  The three month old twin kicked her feet in the air and gurgled with delight.  Esme looked at her mother and Serafina felt a gentle probe in her consciousness.  It was gone before she could analyze it.  Esme turned her attention to Ebony.  Ebony blinked her green panther eyes as she stared at Esme, then heaved herself up off the floor.  The big cat padded over to Esme's crib, took a corner of a favorite blanket in her mouth, and pulled it from the crib.  The big cat deposited the blanket into Esme's waiting hands where she lay face up on the floor.  Then the panther flopped back down beside the happy infant.
"My, my," Serafina said, laughing at her daughter.  "You have made your protector your servant."
Shalin pressed the front of her body forward in a baby's version of a push-up, regarding her sister silently.  Then she relaxed onto her stomach, reached out and grabbed one corner of Esme's blanket, pulling it to her face.
A soft knocking on the door drew an annoyed glance from Serafina.  She had just seen proof of Esme's ability to plant a suggestion in an animal's mind.  She wanted to continue to watch her daughters without disturbance.
 "Who is it?" she called out.
"Smithe here, Your Majesty.  Prince Blackwell sent me to you as it concerns those Gypsies."
Serafina stood up and opened the door a few inches.
"Are they causing trouble?" she asked.
"No, Your Highness.  We stopped two men at the border.  They said they are here to visit the Traveler camp."
"Their names?"
"Shandor and Take the Thief."
Serafina's face took on an expression of curiosity.  She was surprised that Shandor was not in Fernland's dungeon.  El Grande had reported back to her about meeting Dagon in Fernland's forest and about Dagon's angry reaction on hearing about Shandor and his threats.
"I see.  Take them to the barrack's mess hall.  I will speak to them there when I am ready."

Several hours later, Take and Shandor sat fidgeting, tired of waiting, in the officers' dining room at the barracks.  Thankfully, they had been given lunch, but Shandor was desperate to retrieve his flask from his saddle bag.
Serafina walked into the room, unannounced. Both men stood up.
"Take, my old friend.  We meet again."  Serafina smiled at Take and he managed an uncertain nod in response.
Take knew Serafina quite well, but they were hardly friends.  Serafina had coerced Take into stealing Electra from her crib.  It was Serafina's way of punishing her sister and King Geoffrey.  Geoffrey had broken off his engagement to Serafina, claiming he was in love with her sister, Delphinia.
Serafina fixed Take in her steady gaze. "I understand you have taken to acting since last we met.  Who would have predicted your reluctant role of whirling dervish would end thus?"
Take had to admit that Serafina was correct in this.  Had she not forced him to gain access to King Geoffrey's secrets by pretending the part of an actor, the acting troupe would never have come into being.
"I admit it was a turning point in my life," he agreed reluctantly.
"And what is your business with the Travelers?"
Take swallowed, fearing to tell the truth and fearing to lie.  There was no telling what might get one in trouble with Serafina.
"I am the son of a Traveler girl.  I found an old woman who remembered my mother.  I want to find out more about my family.  The old woman left Fernland before I had a chance to speak to her at length."
"And why are you in the company of Shandor?"
Take looked surprised by the question.  "Shandor played fiddle for us at our last show in Fernland.  He said he was going to rejoin his caravan so I asked if he would like some company on his journey."
Serafina looked at Shandor.  He nodded his agreement at Take's explanation.
"I see."  Serafina tilted her head as she studied both men.  "Smithe," she called.
Smithe stepped through the door as though he had been poised to do so.
"Your Highness?"
"Give Take directions to the Traveler's caravan and take Shandor to the dungeon.  I will question him later."
"What?" Shandor gasped.
Take watched in horror as his friend was shackled and led out.  He looked at Serafina, afraid to question her, but driven to it by a need to know.
"Why?" he stammered.
"That is not your concern.  Be glad your story rang true."
Smithe came back to give Take directions to the Traveler's camp as Serafina left the barracks.  Take hardly heard what Smithe was telling him as he was escorted off the castle grounds.

Take located the painted wagons by asking directions from people at the docks.  He could not recall Smithe's directions, being too upset by Shandor's imprisonment.  The caravan had settled within walking distance of the docks.  He found the camp at dusk and was happy to run into the old woman as she carried wood for the cook fire.  Take took the wood from her and helped her start the fire for the camp's evening meal.
"You remember me then?" he asked.
"Drina's boy.  Of course.  What was your name again?"
"My mother called me Finn, but I am known now as Take or Take the Thief."
"Finn.  Yes.  Drina said she would name you after your father."
"My father's name was Finn?"
"Must of been.  Someone that lived in yon castle.  That's where she found a job."
Take stared out at the castle on the hill above the city.  "Finn from the castle.  That would've been thirty some years ago.  I suppose someone might remember him."
The woman blew on the fire to start a flame.  "You sure you want to find out?  Must have been some reason she moved on to Fernland to make a home for you."
"But someone..."  Take decided not to elaborate on the gold coins.  "Someone kept track of her.  A soldier dropped by from time to time."
"That's likely it then.  A soldier named Finn.  Makes sense, a soldier wouldn't want to settle down, nor could he."
"You won't mind if I stay on a while, will you?  Just while I do some investigating?"
"Stay as long as you like, Finn.  You're one of us.  I am called Zigana."
Take looked around the caravan and a warm feeling came over him.  He felt that his acting troupe was his family now, but it was nice to know he had a second home with his mother's people.  The thought of Shandor in Henge's dungeon intruded on his sentimental mood.
"I should speak to the men about staying here," he said.  He did not want to burden the old woman with Shandor's problems.
"It's not necessary, but you could speak to El Grande.  He's over there by the blue wagon."
Take recognized the big man from his previous visit to the Traveler camp.
El Grande stopped his work on a saddle when Take joined him.
"You look familiar."
"We met briefly in Fernland.  The old woman knew my mother."
El Grande nodded and went back to sewing a tear in the fabric of his saddle.  "What brings you here to Henge?"
"I came up with Shandor."
El Grande stopped again and looked around.  "Shandor is here?"
"No.  That's what I wanted to tell you.  We came to the border together and they took us to meet with Serafina."
El Grande grimaced.  "And?"
"And she had him taken to the dungeon.  She wouldn't even tell me why."
"I know why," El Grande said.  "It's a long story, but the short of it is, she believes he threatened Electra."
"Threatened Electra?  I know he wanted to talk to Electra, but he just wanted to find his daughter."
"Did he find his daughter?"
"He says he did, but..."
"But what?"
"I got the feeling she wasn't that happy to be found."
"Shandor should have left it alone."  El Grande jabbed his needle into the leather fabric with more force than necessary. "There's naught we can do for him now." 
Take decided to go back to help Zigana with her fire.  If El Grande saw no way to help Shandor, there was probably nothing Take could do either.

Chapter 22

Aboard the Spirit of Taz

The Spirit of Taz had been at sea for more than a week when it made its first landfall.  The air here was noticeably warmer than in Fernland.  Even with sea breezes there was no need for coats or scarves.  Electra stood next to Avor as their ship sailed slowly into port.  The last sail was down and furled as the ship moved with the incoming tide and came to rest a few yards from shore after its anchor found purchase on the muddy harbor bottom.
Electra and Avor looked out at the port city of Venito.  The small island offered an accessible port with wings of land stretching out on either side to protect ships harbored there.
"Do you have any idea why we are stopping here?" Avor asked.
"None.  It is not like Rabar to be so elusive."  Electra strained to make out the buildings on shore.  "I have asked to go ashore with him."
"Did he agree?  I would like to go ashore as well."
"He said, 'perhaps'."  Electra shrugged.  "Look, they are readying the shore boat."  She pointed to the ship's stern where sailors were untying the ropes that fastened the shore boat to the ship.
Rabar called out an order in the Taz language and the shore boat was slowly lowered down to the water.  Rabar shouted to Electra and beckoned her with a wave.  He seemed in good spirits.
"Do you still wish to go ashore?" he asked.
"I do.  I would like to see what they sell at their bazaar.  Avor would like to go as well if there is room in the shore boat."
Rabar frowned, considering.  "You should be safe enough in the bazaar if you stay together.  Never buy at the first price and stay away from the waterfront taverns.  I will not be able to stay with you.  I have business to attend to here."
"We will do exactly as you say," Electra promised.  She did not wish to question Rabar about his business here, fearing he might change his mind about taking them ashore.
Rabar, Electra, Avor and an oarsman climbed down the rope ladder and settled themselves into the small boat.  The oarsman sat on the middle plank and settled the oars into their locks.  He pushed off the side of the ship and began to row backwards toward shore.
As the city grew closer, they could clearly see the waterfront taverns Rabar had warned them to avoid.  Rough looking sailors stood or sat at outdoor tables talking loudly, shouldering in and out of the taverns.  They looked to be a rowdy and dangerous lot.
"Some of them are pirates, others are seamen looking for a berth."  Rabar stared out at the spectacle.  "They would kidnap you both and hold you for ransom if they suspected you were royalty."
Avor swallowed with difficulty, finding his throat suddenly dry.  "Why are they allowed to stay here?"
Rabar smiled.  "Most ports are like this.  Ships need sailors and sailors are by nature a swarthy, adventurous lot."
Their small boat nudged the dock and the oarsman jumped out, rope in hand, to tie up to an iron ring. He told Rabar he might look for a glass of ale but would keep watch over the boat and wait for their return.
Rabar, Electra and Avor walked along the dock together until they reached the main road.  Rabar pointed out the direction of the bazaar, told them to meet at the dock in two hour's time and then left in the opposite direction.
"He must know someone here," Avor said as they walked toward the marketplace."
"He seems to be quite familiar with the place," Electra agreed.
The road passed over a bridge that spanned a wide canal.  On the other side they could see the bazaar.
The marketplace was large and sprawling.  Vendors sat on blankets or stood behind wooden counters.  Faded lengths of cloth formed canopies to shield sellers and their goods from the sun.  They passed stands of fruits, vegetables, flowers, blankets, rugs, jewelry, baked goods, pots, toys.  Electra stopped to pick up a cloth doll.  It was soft and painted with a little face.  Dark yarn formed the hair.  "How much?" she asked, holding the doll up.
The seller shook her head.  She did not understand.  She picked up a coin and held up two fingers.  Electra nodded, returned the doll to the blanket and moved on.  The seller, a young woman with a baby asleep beside her, followed Electra.  She held up the coin again and one finger, pushing the doll into Electra's hands.  Electra nodded and tried to signal that she needed to catch up to Avor, but would be back.  Reluctantly, the woman let her go.
Avor had stopped to admire a talking parrot.  It had a red chest, a green head and green and blue tail feathers.  The parrot seemed to have a large vocabulary.  It spoke words in a language Avor did not understand.
Avor moved on to a stall that featured spyglasses and metal measuring instruments.  He handled the instruments, trying to decipher their uses.  He seemed quite excited about one in particular.
"I must have this.  I believe it is used to measure angles."
"You had best not let the vendor see how much you want it," Electra warned.
Avor held the metal object up to attract the vendor's attention.
The vendor took it from Avor's hand and wrapped it in a cloth.  He held up a copper coin to show Avor the price.  
"I will need to find a money changer," Avor said.
As Avor walked away, the vendor walked along beside.  He held up another coin and smiled.  He shook Avor's hand as if to congratulate him on his bargain.  Avor tried to signal that he would be back. The man frowned and returned to his stall.
Electra and Avor found a stall that appeared to be manned by a money changer.  The vendor had stacks of coins in a variety of sizes and shapes.
"How will we know if we are being fairly treated?" Electra asked.
"We will not know," Avor answered.  He took a silver coin from his pocket and showed it to the money changer.  The man, a small muscular person sporting a turban, a moustache and an intricate pattern tattooed on his forearm, took the coin and hefted it for weight.  Then he inspected it with a glass.  He tried a few languages before Avor helped him with a question.
"Are you a money changer?"
"I could be," the man said.  "I am also a dealer in rare coins."
"Could you direct us to a money changer?" Avor asked.
"No need for that.  How many coins do you have to change?"
Electra nudged Avor but he ignored her.  "I have just that coin," he said.
The man inspected the coin once more.  He reached under his counter and came up with a few coins.  "Here you are."
Avor saw that one of the coins was the copper one the instrument dealer had shown him.  He thanked the man and took the coins.
As they walked back to the table of instruments, Electra stayed close.  "Rabar told us we should never accept their first offer."
Avor turned back with an irritated expression.  "What difference does it make?  The second offer could be just as bad for all we know."
Avor gave the instrument vendor his copper coin and put his angle finder in his pocket.  "I have three small coins left.  Do you want to buy anything?"
"Yes.  I saw some small dolls I would like to buy.  Thank you."
"Dolls?  What do you want with dolls?"
Electra realized that was a very good question.  Avor had no idea he had two small cousins in Henge.  And now was not the time to tell him.
"There may be children in Taz who would like them.  Electra took the coins and raced off to the toy blanket, leaving a bewildered Avor to catch up.
By the time the dolls were purchased and both had drunk a sweet drink that was new to them, it was time to meet Rabar at the dock.  They walked quickly, retracing their steps over the bridge and back along the road, unaware that two men were gaining on them.
As the dock came into view, they spotted Rabar.  Electra and Avor stopped and looked at one another as they took in the scene ahead.  Rabar was surrounded by more than a dozen women and children.  They were being ushered, one at a time into the little shore boat. 

Chapter 23

Port of Venito

Princess Electra and Prince Avor wondered why Rabar had made this unnecessary stop at Venito.  It was clear now that these strangers assembled around the shore boat were the reason for the stop.  Electra and Avor hung back a little wondering who the people might be and why Rabar had kept them a secret.
Rabar, in the midst of the group around the boat, caught Electra's eye, then shifted his gaze to look beyond her and Avor.  He and his oarsman pulled out their swords as he waved frantically for them to hurry.  Electra turned to see what Rabar had seen behind them.  She saw two rough looking men with daggers drawn and lengths of rope wound around their shoulders, running towards them.
"Run!" Electra shouted, as she pushed Avor forward.  They ran as fast as they were able toward the boat.  The men following them gave chase, but veered off toward the waterfront taverns as Electra and Avor out-distanced them.
"It appears you attracted some pirates," Rabar said, attempting a calm demeanor.
Electra took several deep breaths.  "Probably we overpaid at the market.  We did not know what our Fernland coins were worth."  Her voice quivered as she spoke.
Rabar shook his head.  "My fault.  I should have sent someone with you to the market.  As you can see, I was preoccupied."  He glanced at the women and children huddled around the boat.
"May I present my wife Sofia, my daughters Anahita, Shireen and my son Payam.  Here is also Haddad's wife Atefa and their children Javed and Laleh.  And we have cousins Mahnaz, Ehson, Mihr, Naved and Jaleh."
The women and children all bowed and made gracious comments, some in English and some in Taz.  They appeared to be malnourished and weak.  Some looked ill.  Their clothes were tattered and they had little in the way of luggage.
The oarsman jumped into the middle of the boat as soon as the first five were seated.
Rabar shouted as the oarsman pushed off.  "Row the boat back as soon as you are able.  And bring three fighting men back with you."
"Can you swim?"  Rabar asked.
Electra and Avor both nodded.
"If the pirates decide to round up more of their lot and come after us, we may have to swim for the ship."
Electra looked at the distance to the ship, wondering how good a swimmer her brother was.  She decided to change the subject.  "Your family seems to be undernourished."
"It is lucky we arrived here in time," Rabar said.  He did not elaborate.
They kept a watchful silence, waiting for the shore boat to return.
Avor pointed to the bridge that spanned the canal.  "Those men coming across are in uniform."
"Soldiers.  We will be all right now."  Rabar spoke reassuringly to the remainder of his family in the Taz language.
The soldiers rode toward them and came to a halt beside them.  Rabar spoke to them in their language and pointed toward the waterfront taverns.  He may have been describing the would-be kidnappers.  The soldier in charge saluted and rode back with his company toward the taverns.
"Will they arrest the men who followed us?" Avor asked.
Rabar frowned.  "Probably not.  I told him we would be leaving shortly and could not stay to give testimony against them."
"Perhaps we should stay to put them in prison," Avor suggested.
Rabar shook his head.  "We can not wait.  We will need to make another stop before we reach Taz.  If we wait here we will miss the Nomadic Games."
A look passed between Electra and Avor, but no more was said about the next unscheduled stop.  The next shore boat took five more of Rabar's family.  Electra and Avor waited for the next to last passage to board the shore boat, leaving only the three fighting men for the last trip back to the ship.
As soon as all were aboard the Spirit of Taz weighed anchor and set sail for the East.
Electra quickly made her way to the emaciated women and children, handing out bowls of broth laced with strengthening herbs.  She checked for fevers and contagious diseases, luckily finding none of the latter.
By evening Electra was famished and spent.  She entered the galley and was immediately confronted with scowls from Muller and Tandor.
"How could you go off  like that without taking us to guard you?"  Muller allowed his accusing remark to rest on Electra.
Electra was taken off guard by the Muller's tone of voice.  "We were not expecting trouble—it was only a visit to the market."
"Please promise you will not do such a thing again."  Muller's blue eyes bored into hers.
Electra threw up her hands.  "I am tired and hungry.  Will you save your scolding for another time?"
Muller grunted in irritation and took a sip of ale.
Tandor stayed silent but his face showed the same displeasure as Muller's.
"Who are these women and children?" Muller asked.  "Rabar has been holed up with them since we set sail."
Electra looked surprised.  "He has not told you?  They are his family.  His and Haddad's."
Muller's jaw dropped.  "They look like beggars!"
"Many of them are ill.  A few speak a little English.  I have only spoken to them of their symptoms, but I can tell you they are half-starved."
"King Geoffrey has feared just such a situation.  They will no doubt be returning with us to Fernland."
Electra was irritated with Muller's insensitivity.  "Would you do otherwise if it were your own family?"
"That is not the point."
"Tell me then, what is the point?"
"You know as well as I.  He fears a permanent settlement, made more likely with the addition of women and children."
Electra stood up and poked her head into the galley.  She made eating motions with her mouth and fingers.  The cook waved her in and showed her what he had still warm on his stove.  She came back with a plate full of meat and vegetables.
After she had taken a few bites, she looked up at Muller, still scowling over his cup of ale.
"While on board ship, the Captain's word is law.  Is this not so?"
"Of course," Muller agreed.
"And Rabar is our captain on this voyage."
"Only until we return to Fernland," Muller warned.
"Any opposition to his orders until then would not be tolerated."
"I had not planned on opposing his orders," Muller insisted.
"He plans to make another stop before Taz."
"What?  What stop?  For what purpose?"
"I do not know.  And as he is the Captain, I do not plan to ask."  Electra stared at Muller intently.
Muller opened his mouth to protest, then closed it.  "As you say, he may do as he wishes at sea, but he must bear the consequences for his actions once we return to Fernland."  Muller set his cup down rather harder than necessary, then excused himself in a gruff voice.
Electra looked at Tandor, hoping for a friendly gesture.

Tandor shook his head.  "Hilgard heard from the oarsman that you were almost kidnapped.  When I thought about having to tell Dagon that I had let you go off alone, and you were kidnapped by pirates, I was sick from just the thought."
Electra set down her knife, her appetite suddenly gone.  "You are right.  I am so sorry.  Can you forgive me?"
"In time."  Tandor stood up and excused himself as well, leaving Electra alone with her unfinished meal and her unsettled thoughts.  She found Muller too overbearing for her liking, although she was sure he meant well.  Tandor was another matter.  She would do whatever she could to win back his trust.

Chapter 24

Traveler's Camp at Henge

Take the Thief was still determined to find out what he could about his long lost father, in spite of his reluctance to be in the same city with the sorceress, Serafina.  As dusk turned to night at the Traveler's camp, he moved his few possessions into the old woman's wagon.  It was painted bright red with yellow stars and moons.
"I appreciate this, Zigana.  I will pay you as long as I'm here."
Zigana flapped her hand at Take.  "Go on with your pay.  I like having company."  She hung a cloth from the ceiling to divide the wagon into two sleeping areas.  "So you've decided to find out who your father was?"
Take shrugged.  "A person likes to know these things.  He may not be too pleased to know me—a man called Take the Thief?"
"To me you are Drina's boy, Finn.  And I am pleased to have you here."
"You are a queen among women."
Zigana laughed.  "I am that.  A gypsy queen."
Take was quiet for a few moments.  "I suppose the soldiers have their favorite taverns when they're off duty?"
"They drift down to the docks, most nights.  I've seen them going into the Carp and Gull and sometimes into Lindys."
"Would you care to accompany me to one of these fine establishments tonight for a pint or two?"
Zigana smiled.  "I'm too old for such foolishness.  I wouldn't have been down there at all if it weren't for..."  Her voice trailed off.
Take pulled the sheet aside to see Zigana, sitting on her bed, shaking her head.
Take's voice was full of concern.  "If it weren't for what?"
"I'm worried about Juanita and Esmeralda.  They're good at what they do.  They tell people's fortunes and they have a knack for it.  They can tell a lot, just by looking at people.  But Serafina has forbidden us to tell fortunes.  The girls are angry about it.  It's how they make their spending money.  They're both high spirited girls.  I know they are going to the taverns where the soldiers gather.  I don't want to see them get into trouble—or to get us thrown out of Henge."
"I'll keep an eye on them tonight.  How about El Grande?  Could he rein them in a bit?"
"He'd be more likely to throw them out if they caused trouble for the rest of the camp.  They're not kin to him."
"Don't worry.  I'll see what they're up to tonight."

Take walked into the Carp and Gull that evening.  The tavern was full of soldiers making the most of their free time.  They all had their pints of ale in hand.  Some were playing a noisy game of dice.  Others were playing at cards.  A few men sang rowdy drinking songs as they waved their pints to and fro in time to the music from a fiddle.
Take saw two old men sitting together, reminiscing about battles fought and won.  Take asked if he could join them.
One of the men had a white mustache and bushy white eyebrows.  He seemed a little inebriated, but in a cheerful way.
"An why would a young buck like yerself be wantin' to join us old army coots?"
"I was hoping you might have known my Uncle Finn," Take said.  "I never met him but my father used to talk about him a lot."
The second soldier was a thin man with suspicious eyes.  He studied Take as he sipped from his drink.  "How is it ya never met yer Uncle Finn?"
"My family moved South, down by Land's End.  This is the first time I've been to Henge."
"Finn," the white haired soldier repeated.  I don't recollect a Finn, do you Dewey?"
"Never heard a no Finn and I'm not one to forget a name," Dewey said.
"I suppose he might have died young," Take suggested.  "We might not have heard if he did."
Both men shook their heads, unable to remember a Finn who had died young.
"What company are you a part of?" Take asked the white haired man.
"We're cavalry—me an Dewey.  We were there when we bested Fernland under old King Blackwell."
"Good on you."  Take stood up.  "Thanks for your time, Gentlemen."
"Luck to you.  Ya might take a look over ta Lindys where the infantry men tend to gather."  The white haired man saluted Take with his ale.

Take saw Juanita and Esmeralda as soon as he stepped into Lindys Tavern.
Esmeralda was dancing alone while a few card players watched off and on.  Juanita was bringing two ales to another table of soldiers.
Take sat in a corner with a pint of ale and watched the girls carefully.  It did not take too long to figure out what they were up to.
The two girls sat together talking.  A soldier noticed Esmeralda's empty glass.  He offered to buy her a glass of ale if she would dance for him and his buddies.  Esmeralda looked at her empty glass, shrugged and smiled at the soldier.  He brought her a pint of ale and she put it behind her bag, out of sight and stood up to dance.
Juanita appeared bored while her friend danced to the tune of a fiddle.  After a moment Juanita sauntered over to stand beside a table where three soldiers had glasses close to empty.  She listened to their jokes and teasing remarks for a minute, then offered to bring them fresh drinks.  They all gave her money, probably a little extra, and she walked off with the three empty mugs.  She passed by the table she shared with Esmeralda and, using her body to shield the view, left one of the three  empty mugs behind the large bag beside the full mug the soldier had bought.  She went on to the bar, lifted the two remaining empty mugs and asked for two full ones.  She paid the barman and stopped back by her table where Esmeralda now sat.  They exchanged a few words, and again, shielding her movements with her body, picked up the full glass of ale the soldier had purchased for Esmeralda.  She carried the three full mugs to the table where the soldiers sat, exchanged a few more jokes and returned to her table where Esmeralda sat with an empty mug, waiting for the next soldier to offer her an ale in exchange for a dance.
It seemed to Take a harmless scheme.  The soldiers were paying Esmeralda to dance, one way or another, but when the scheme was finally noticed, they might be banned from the tavern or reported to the infantry commander.
Take strolled over to the girls' table.
"Remember me from King's Lake?"  he asked.
"I've seen you before." As recognition dawned, Esmeralda's lip turned out into a pout.  "I remember you.  You took Avor away from us."
"That was me.  Good memory," he complimented.
"What are you doing here?" Juanita asked.
"I'm staying with Zigana for a while.  She knew my mother."
"You should have left Avor with us.  We had a plan," Esmeralda complained.
"What was your plan?"
"Never mind," Juanita said.  "So what do you want with us?  Did Zigana send you to watch us?"
"Why would you ask that?  Are you doing something you shouldn't?"
Juanita looked offended.  "Of course not."  She narrowed her eyes.  "What if we were?  Would you tell on us?"
Take smiled at them.  "I'm sure anything you could think up, I've done worse.  But I was wondering—why don't you just ask for money to dance instead of doing all that extra work to replace an empty glass with a full one that someone's bought for you?"
Esmeralda blushed and Juanita looked angry.
Juanita muttered something under her breath.
"What?" Take asked.
"They won't let us tell fortunes and it's against the tavern rules to take money for dancing.  But they will allow someone to buy us a pint to dance.  That way the tavern makes money—or so they think."  Juanita glanced at Take to see of he understood the unfairness of the rule.
"They are bound to notice eventually.  I noticed in the first five minutes."
"We need to make money some way," Esmeralda whined.
"Let me think about it.   Mayhap I'll come up with an idea for you.  In the meantime I'll give you each a silver coin if you come up with some information for me."
Juanita looked interested.  "What kind of information?"
"Ask some of the older soldiers if they remember a man named Finn.  He might be dead.  If not he would probably be in his fifties or older by now."
"Who is he?" Esmeralda asked.
"If someone needs to know, tell them he's my long lost uncle."
"What if no one knows him?" Juanita asked.
"I will still give you the price of an ale each, and no one has to dance."
"Don't tell Zigana," Juanita warned.
"I won't."  Take put his finger to his lips. "Friends?"
Take and the girls shook hands.

Chapter 25

On Board the Spirit of Taz

After three days of rough seas, The Spirit of Taz headed for land.  The ship anchored before sunrise and only Rabar and his oarsman had gone ashore.  By the time the Fernlanders woke up Rabar had been gone several hours.  After breakfast Electra  and her fellow Fernlanders stood on the ship's deck watching for his return.  From the ship the port seemed little more than a smattering of run down buildings at the water's edge.  A road led out from the port and around a hill.  They assumed Rabar had taken this road and all eyes were riveted on the point where the road disappeared around the curve of the hill.
"There comes someone," Muller shouted.
A cart pulled by a horse came around the hillside.  The cart was full of people.
"I doubt that is Rabar," Avor said.  "Where would he get a cart?"
The cart continued on to the shore's edge where the people got out.  Some had to be carried out and loaded into the shore boat.
Muller spat into the water.  "I knew it—more women and children."
It did indeed appear to be women in dresses and small people who were likely children.  The two men were most likely Rabar and the oarsman.
They continued to watch as the shore boat drew near.  As they came very close to the boat, Electra whispered, "Oh no."
Muller heard.  "What do you mean, oh, no?"
"Keep a distance," Electra warned.  "Some of them may be contagious."
Muller pulled at his hair and muttered a curse.  He turned to Electra.  "You can not go near them yourself if they are contagious.  Your father would not allow it and I am here to speak for him."
"Were my father here I would tell him the same—it is my duty."
Tandor looked frightened.  "What disease do they carry?"
Electra watched as Rabar climbed up the rope ladder.  "We will wait for Rabar's instructions."
Rabar climbed over the ship's rail and caught his breath.
"Yes, good.  You are staying a distance away.  Some of our guests have what you call the scarlet fever.  It is highly contagious.  We will keep them separated from those who are not infected.  It might be best if you kept to your cabins."
Electra could see the other Fernlanders would not leave unless she left first.  Saying nothing she left for her cabin and the others followed suit.
Tandor followed her to her cabin.  "Will you put yourself in danger to care for them?"
"I have seen cases of scarlet fever before.  I will take precautions, but yes, I must care for them."
Tandor decided it was useless to argue and went to his place in the crew's quarters.
Electra waited a few minutes, then went back up to the deck.  She got there just in time to see Rabar and the oarsman leave again in the shore boat.  She realized they must be going back for more people.  She was glad Muller was not here to see it.
With Rabar gone and unable to forbid Electra from treating the sick, she was free to do as she wished.  She went down to find where the new arrivals had been housed.
She found them in the cargo hold, spread out on blankets.
"Does anyone speak any English?" she asked.
"I know little English."  A boy about twelve years old sat cross-legged on his blanket.
His mother said something to him in the Taz language and then coughed.
"She says, I mean, she asks, what you say."  The boy leaned closer to Electra.  "She is very sick."
Electra could see that the red rash that accompanies scarlet fever had spread over her body.
"Tell your mother I am Rabar's helper.  I will get her something to make her rash less itchy."  Electra mimed scratching her chest to show what 'itchy' meant.
The boy nodded and spoke to his mother.
The woman pushed herself up on one elbow and stared at Electra with feverish eyes.  She whispered something.
The boy translated.  "She says thank you."

Electra kept the ship's cook busy that day making broth and mashed vegetables—something to sooth her patients' ravaged throats and tongues.  She made plasters of herbs to sooth their rashes and infusions to bring down their fevers.  The shore boat returned over and over until more than a hundred women and children filled the ship's cargo hold.
Rabar's wife and Haddad's wife and daughter came to help but Electra turned them away. "The others are too contagious," she argued.  "We do not need more sick people."
"But let me be in your place," Haddad's wife, Atefa insisted.
"No.  It is too late for me.  I have already been exposed.  You need to take care of yourselves.  You are weak and could easily become infected.  Go back and take care of your children."
Atefa shook her head.  "Is not right."
"I am a physician," Electra insisted.  "This is my work."
Atefa raised her eyebrows in surprise.  "You are physician?"
Electra was surprised herself.  At some point she would be.  Why not now?  She looked at Atefa.  "Yes, I am.  I must get back to my patients."
By the time Rabar joined her, she was adamant.
Rabar was upset by her presence in the cargo hold.  "But you were not to expose yourself.  I will not allow you to put yourself in danger."
Electra laughed.  "What kind of physician keeps herself away from sick people?"
Rabar allowed himself a small smile, then he was all business.  "Tell me what you have done so far."

Rabar was pleased with Electra's course of treatment.
"I am not in favor of bleeding such patients.  I know is is the normal course of treatment but I believe it leaves the patient in a weakened state.  I prefer the willow bark infusion with warm green tea," Rabar said.
Electra and Rabar took turns watching their patients through the night.  By morning only one young child had been lost to the disease.  The child was wrapped and buried at sea with Electra, Rabar and the crew to witness the burial and say a few words.
"I believe all the others are improving," Electra said.
"Yes, but many were lost before we arrived."  Rabar hung his head.  "It will be news I dread to deliver to the men when we return to Fernland."
"Was all of the city affected?" Electra asked.
Rabar's face flushed red and Electra feared he might be coming down with the fever himself.  Then she saw the expression for what it was—anger.
"The people we trusted with our wives and children...  I suppose when they heard Taz had been taken by the Barburians they assumed we would not be coming back to reclaim our families.  They treated them like slaves—worse even...  They..."
Electra saw that Rabar could not go on.  Nor did she want him to explain.  "It is all right.  They are safe now.  They are all safe."
Rabar's eyes glistened with unshed tears.  He shook his head, still unable to express his thoughts.
Electra continued to fill the awful silence.  "I know there will be problems.  We must keep them hidden while we are in Taz, since most speak only the Taz language.  Then we must deal with King Geoffrey.  But one step at a time.  We have worries enough for today."
Rabar smiled through his grief.  "Are you sure you are a physician and not a philosopher?"

Rabar and Electra took their meals in their cabins in case they had become carriers of the disease.  With everyone eating alone in their cabins, no news was exchanged among the passengers.
They reached the port of Taz a few days later and only a handful of people ventured out to the deck to watch as the beautiful white city came into view.
Avor stood at the railing, barely containing his excitement.  Electra walked over to join him and saw his eyes sweep her face for any signs of rash.
"I believe I must be immune," she said, looking out at the city.  "It is a lovely city.  How sad it must be for the people who built it."
"It is winner takes all when it comes to war," Avor said.  "Are you going ashore in the first boat?"
"I suppose I had best do so.  It would not do for Bataar to come out to the ship to welcome us to Taz."
As soon as the anchor caught, the first shore boat was lowered and Avor and Electra were rowed to the beach of the beautiful white marble city.

Chapter 26

Travelers Camp at Henge

Take the Thief quickly settled into life amid the Gypsy Camp.  By way of thanks for Zigana's hospitality, he took over her campfire chores.
Juanita and Esmeralda found Take splitting kindling for the communal fire.  They had slept late as usual and woke up hungry.
Juanita chewed on a stale piece of bread as she watched Take work.  "So who is this Uncle Finn you seek?  No one's ever heard of him.  I can tell you for sure he wasn't a soldier."
Esmeralda kicked a chunk of wood aside that had fallen close to her foot.  "We must have talked to every old geezer still alive in the infantry and I talked to a few from the cavalry as well."
Take stopped chopping and wiped the perspiration from his forehead.  "Finn could be my father.  It was just a guess that he might have been a soldier.  My mother was working at the castle when she came up expecting me."
"Your daddy is it?"  Juanita laughed.  "What made you think he was a soldier?"
"A soldier used to visit my mother and me.  Brought a little money each time.  He wasn't my father but I thought maybe he knew my father."
"Maybe in truth he was your father, bringing money and all," Esmeralda mused.
"Couldn't have been. He looked nothing like me."
"So what did your mom do at the castle—do you know?"
"I expect she was some kind of a servant.  She was a good-natured sort.  Easy to get on with."
Juanita snickered. "I suppose she'd have to be to come up expecting all of a sudden."
Take glanced at Juanita with a wry expression.  "Whoever he was, he must of cared a little.  Because of sending the soldier every month to visit, I mean."
"So, where shall we try next?"  Esmeralda asked.  She grabbed a hunk of her hair and began plaiting it into a braid.
Take put down his axe and gathered up his pieces of kindling.  "I think we should ask the servants at the castle, but I don't know how we could manage that.  Most of them live on the castle grounds and I'd wager Prince Blackwell would take a dim view of us going into his castle asking questions."
Juanita and Esmeralda followed Take as he carried his kindling to the fire pit.
"Maybe we could get on at the castle," Esmeralda said.
"What?"  Juanita scowled.  "I don't want to be washing dishes for Serafina."
"Maybe they need some dancers," Esmeralda argued.  She wasn't ready to give up on the coins Take had promised.
Take seemed to get an idea.  He stopped his work on the fire and stood up.  "Maybe you could just ask about work at the castle.  Probably whoever is in charge of hiring is someone who has been there a long time.  Worked his way up.  You could casually let drop that you were related to someone who worked there a long time ago.  My mother's name was Drina. See if that rings a bell.  If the person remembers Drina, you could ask about her friend, Finn, who also used to work there.  If the man or woman remembers Drina but not Finn, that's probably our answer right there.  My father didn't work at the castle."
"We could do that."  Juanita gave Take a wary look.  "You'll pay us, right?"
"A little.  More if you find out something."  Take went back to work building a stack of kindling in the fire pit.

Juanita and Esmeralda waited outside the kitchen at the castle in Henge.  They could hear the clatter of pots and dishes.  Good smells wafted out, making their stomachs growl.  After a long wait a woman dressed in a black dress and a white ruffled cap came down the stairs to meet with them.  She looked to be around fifty years old, stern and proper in manner.
"Are you the two looking for work?" she asked.
"We are."  Juanita smiled at the woman.
"Have you ever had experience taking care of babies?  You look like the sort that would like big cats."
The two girls shook their heads, thinking the statement about cats was an odd one for an interview.
"Too bad," the woman said.  "We have trouble keeping nursemaids of late."
Juanita cleared her throat.  "We had a relative worked here many years ago, name of Drina."
The woman looked surprised.  "Drina?  Of course, I remember Drina.  A sweet girl.  She took care of Queen Deidre, rest her soul.  Queen Deidre never did get back to herself after giving birth to Prince Blackwell.  She hung on for a few years.  Drina was a great comfort to her.  Are you experienced in nursing the sick then?"
"No, but I'm glad you remember Drina fondly."  Juanita seemed to brighten up with a new thought.  "I wonder if you might have known her friend Finn as well?"
"Finn?  I don't remember her having a friend called Finn.  Did he work here?"
Juanita looked at Esmeralda.  "Did he?"
Esmeralda shrugged.  "I don't know."
"I thought he might have, but maybe he worked outside the castle," Juanita said.
"What sort of work are you looking for then?  I might get you on in the kitchen if you are good workers."
"That would be nice," Esmeralda said.
Juanita jerked her head in Esmeralda's direction.  "It would?"
The woman seemed to be considering.  "Come along then.  We'll give you a try.  I'll introduce you to the cook.  My name is Mrs. Merkle, by the way."

An hour later, outfitted in black servants' clothes, Esmeralda and Juanita were scrubbing pots in the steamy kitchen.  
"What were you thinking of, saying it would be nice to work here?" Juanita asked.
"I was hungry.  And something smelled good," Esmeralda replied.
Juanita glared at her friend.  "Something smelled good?  That's the reason?"
"Just because Mrs. Merkle had never heard of Finn doesn't mean nobody has.  We could ask around a bit.  And they will probably feed us eventually."
Juanita flung a handful of soapy water at Esmeralda.  Esmeralda screamed and ran, slipping on a puddle on the floor.
The cook ran back to find Esmeralda laying on the floor and Juanita standing over her trying not to laugh.
"You poor thing."  The cook helped Esmeralda to her feet. "Did you hurt yourself?  Let's just get you a bite to eat and make sure you're all right."
As Esmeralda and the cook walked to the kitchen, Juanita bit back a curse and continued scrubbing pots.

Chapter 27

City of Taz

Electra and Avor stepped out of the shore boat, speechless, as they beheld the splendor of Taz.  Where the castle in Fernland was a massive, rough hewn fortress, this city seemed a triumph of beauty.  They saw gardens with fountains, carved marble screens, graceful white buildings, trees laden with fruits and flowers.  The only evidence of the city's defenses was the distant wall that protected Taz from attacks by land.  The city's docks were empty of ships.  Only the Spirit of Taz gave truth to the port it had once been and that ship was anchored fall off shore.  Electra could not imagine the emotions Rabar must be feeling as he looked on his city once again—this time as a visitor.
The oarsman quickly unloaded half the gifts that Queen Delphinia had sent and pushed the boat back into the water to return to the ship for Muller, Tandor and Hilgard and the remainder of the gifts.  Within a few minutes Electra, Avor and Rabar were met by men on horses who gestured for them to follow.  They walked a short way to an outdoor sitting area next to a pond.  The men on horses rode off at a gallop, leaving the three to wonder if that had been their welcome to Taz.
Rabar looked around the beautiful garden with angry eyes.  "I suppose these thieves are enjoying my city."
Avor was ill at ease.  "Who will you tell them you are?  It would surely not be wise to admit that you come from Taz."
Rabar tried to control his anger before he replied.  "I doubt they will ask.  I am dressed as a Fernlander and will speak only English.  Electra will introduce me as the physician she is apprenticed to—no one fears a physician."
Electra smiled at that remark.  "Perhaps they might fear an incompetent physician."
Rabar could not help but chuckle at her joke. It seemed to ease the tension.

Bataar arrived on horseback, dressed in bright satin clothes, a blue tunic with a red sash, the traditional curved toed shoes and an elaborately embroidered hat that curved down at the pointed top.  Several men similarly dressed arrived with him.
Bataar smiled broadly at Electra and Avor.  "You come games.  Is good.  Now come see begin."
"We have three more coming ashore," Prince Avor said.
"Yes, yes.  Men bring.  Come."
"This is physician Rabar."  Electra started to introduce him as her master, but Bataar interrupted.
"Yes.  All come now."
Three of the men accompanying Bataar gave up their horses to Electra, Avor and Rabar.
As soon as they were mounted, Bataar took off at a fast pace.  The other three urged their horses to keep up.  They rode through the city of Taz, past flowering trees, intricate marble carvings and bubbling fountains to the wall that surrounded the city.  They rode through the gate in the wall to the great valley beyond.
Thousands of people lined the valley, sitting on blankets, eating picnic lunches in front of their tents.  A vast crowd of people were bunched at the end of the valley, all dressed in their best clothes with their horses groomed to perfection.
"We go first," Bataar shouted.
As soon as Bataar joined the mass of people at the end of the valley, the drums and trumpets sounded.  The three guests realized they were to be part of a parade.  They were all handed banners and flags to carry and Bataar started off toward the opposite end of the valley, directing his horse in a prancing trot.
Electra looked anxiously at Rabar, wondering about his reaction to participating in a parade to honor Barburee.  Rabar kept his face free of expression and she could not guess what he was feeling.  Avor seemed delighted.  He waved his banner at the crowds and tried to match Bataar's prancing step with his own horse.
Bataar and his guests were followed by a large group of men, bare-chested but for small shoulder vests, with tight shorts and heavy boots.  Rabar told her these were the wrestlers come from many different provinces to compete in the games.
Behind the wrestlers came the archers with their bows and arrows strapped to their backs in ornate quivers.  The last group were the horseback riders who would compete in the horse races.  Some of these were children as young as four years old.  Behind the competitors a group of soldiers completed the parade.
As the parade circled the valley, both the participants and the audience sang traditional songs of Barburee.  Small groups jumped to their feet and applauded when someone they knew rode by.  It was a joyous time for the Barburee people. The start of the Nomadic Games.
The parade went on for a long time.  They went down one side of the valley and back up the other side.  People had come from many provinces, bringing their round tents with them.  They would camp out in the valley for the five days of competition and longer, using the gathering as an opportunity to trade goods, visit relatives and arrange marriages.
After the parade, Bataar took his guests back through the wall to a house close to the harbor.
"You want stay here?  Stay yurt?"
Rabar explained that a yurt was the name for their round tents, set up in the valley.
"Here is good," Electra said quickly, though Avor looked as though he was still trying to decide.
Bataar nodded.  "I come later."  He started to turn his horse and Electra said, "We have presents for you."
Bataar smiled.  "Later.  We eat."
He turned his horse and galloped back in the direction of the wall.

Electra, Avor and Rabar looked at the ornate house Bataar had selected for them.  
"This was the Caliph's house," Rabar said as he led the way through the courtyard into the painted foyer and up the marble staircase.  "Here was the Caliph's office."  He pointed to a room with an arched wooden door.  "The bed chambers are further along."
Rabar took the Caliph's old bedroom and Avor and Electra took ones on either side.  They all had wonderful views of the harbor.  When they had unpacked and freshened up, they met again in the courtyard just as Muller, Hilgard and Tandor arrived.
"They wanted us to bring the ship into the dock," Muller complained.  "I had to tell them some of the crew had scarlet fever and the Captain had ordered us to keep them isolated.  I couldn't think of another good reason fast enough."
"Sometimes the truth works best," Rabar said.
Muller frowned.  "The truth is, if they find out we have a ship full of Taz citizens, we will probably all land in prison."
"The Nomadic Games have just started," Electra said.  "They are much too busy to worry about our ship."
Avor looked at Muller. "I believe we have been invited to lunch today.  I hope you brought the remainder of the gifts."
Muller pointed to the stack of boxes at the entrance to the courtyard.  "We have them."  Muller looked around at the courtyard.  "This house looks familiar."
Hilgard darted a look at Rabar.  "It is the Caliph's house."
Muller walked toward the entrance.  "It is!  This is where we first met your father.  Lucky for us he was willing to trade our information about the Great Khan's army for our passage home."
Rabar nodded.  "Yes, this is my father's house.  And if the fates be willing, some day it may be his again."
Prince Avor drummed his fingers nervously.  "For now let us just concentrate on what we came to do.  We are here to watch the Nomadic Games.  And you and Electra, of course, are here to gather herbs."
Tandor nodded.  "I will stay near Electra on Dagon's orders."
Muller seemed reluctant to commit to watching the games.  "I will of course watch the games, but I may explore a little of the countryside while I'm here."
"For what purpose?" Avor asked.
Muller looked at Hilgard as though he might know the purpose of their explorations.
"It is what spies do.  They always gather information about the lay of the land when they are able."  Hilgard spoke as though that were a self-evident truth.
"Quite right," Muller added.

Chapter 28

City of Taz

After the Fernlanders had unpacked, freshened up and explored their new lodgings they drifted back one by one to the outer courtyard.  They waited with their gifts, wondering if they had, in fact, been invited to lunch.
A soldier leading a line of horses rode up in a cloud of dust and stopped abruptly.  He seemed to be in a hurry.
Hilgard listened carefully and turned a confused face to his countrymen.
"These are our horses. We are going to take the goat.  I suppose that means we are having goat for lunch."
Rabar gave his own translation in a low voice.  He did not want to show his familiarity with the Barburee tongue.
"We will watch a game called 'grab the goat', or buzkashi."
Prince Avor ran to his horse, excited to see the first of the games.  "Hurry, we do not want to miss the start."
The other Fernlanders ran to their horses.  Electra caught the soldier's eye and pointed to the stack of gifts.  The soldier nodded and said something that Hilgard translated as "later".
They rode through the city and back out to the valley to a very large round tent.  Bataar emerged from the yurt and greeted them.  He mounted his horse and led them to a spot further down the valley where a playing field had been set up.  There was a flag at one end and a circle drawn on the ground at the other end.
"Buzkashi.  Good game.  We play soon."
The Fernlanders dismounted, leaving their horses free to graze.  They watched as twenty horsemen circled the field.  Half wore red tunics and half wore blue.  Trumpets blared and the carcass of a goat was dragged onto the field and placed in the circle.
The twenty riders surrounded the large circle, waiting for the trumpet fanfare to end.  At the last note, the pushing and shoving to get to the goat carcass began.  Every man carried a whip clenched between his teeth to allow his hands free to clutch the reins of his horse and grab the goat.  Now the whips came out from between their teeth as the men assaulted one another with whips, fists, head butts and any other means at their disposal to get themselves in a position to grab the heavy carcass from the ground and carry it off to the flag at the other end of the field.
One man managed to grab the remnant of a goat leg long enough to fling the heavy carcass up onto his own leg and take off.  His team members galloped along beside him, protecting him and his precious carcass from the opposing team.  Halfway down the field, his horse was cut off and turned by the other team.  With twenty horses on the field it was often difficult to make out who had the carcass.
As one man leaned far out to snatch the carcass away, another man took the opportunity to push him completely off his horse.  The horse behind, trained for such a maneuver, deftly sidestepped in time to avoid trampling the unseated rider.
People on the sidelines cheered wildly and often ran out onto the field for a better view.  The buzkashi players took no note of them and many spectators were saved from being trampled themselves by a hairsbreadth.  
The goat carcass had changed hands several times and was again on the ground—up for grabs.
One of the blue team members came up with the goat carcass.  He clamped it to the side of his horse with his leg and took off at high speed.  Three of his team members shielded him on two sides and the back.  The red team was in pursuit.  The red team caught up with him at the flag and tried to move his horse aside by brawling with the men protecting him.  One managed to reach in and grab the leg of the carcass just as both rounded the flag.  The red team member jerked the carcass free and pulled it onto the saddle in front of him.  Now the red team turned with their prize to fight their way around the flag.
Having gained momentum by rounding the flag, the red team started down the field cheering one another on.  The blue team, so close to gaining a point for rounding the flag, just to have their carcass stolen away at the last second, came after the red team with a vengeance.  Even the horses seemed in competition, snapping their teeth at competitors' horses and kicking with their hind legs.
As the red team approached mid-field, the Fernlanders had to back away quickly to avoid being trampled.  A blue team rider grabbed at a carcass leg stump and pulled for all he was worth.  The red team rider strained to hold on, but the strain was too much.  The blue team member was stronger and the red team member was pulled from his horse, still holding on to the carcass.  He was dragged a few feet before finally letting go and was then unavoidably trampled by his own horse.
The red team member was thrown almost into the laps of the Fernlanders.  Rabar and Electra quickly pulled the man to the side as the teams flew by on their horses without a backward glance.
Rabar began to question the man as to where he had pain.  The man's eyes still followed the carcass down the field.  Electra could see that his leg was broken.  Finally, the pain registered and the man moaned and spoke a few words.
"His leg and his shoulder," Rabar translated.
A great cheer went up from the crowd.  The blue team had scored.  A new goat carcass was carted onto the field and dumped into the circle.
Rabar cursed the absence of his medical bag and medicines.  No one came to assist Rabar and Electra.  They were too wrapped up in the game.  Electra searched the empty yurts for supplies and found two straight boards to serve as splints and some rope to secure them.  She returned to find that Rabar had returned the man's dislocated shoulder to its socket and was giving him water and willow bark for the pain.
The man asked who had won the first match.  Rabar told him the blue team had won.  The man frowned and asked if they could prop him up so that he could watch the second match.  Rabar told him he should rest or he might go into shock.  The man insisted, so Rabar and Electra found some large pillows and blankets to prop him up and keep him warm.  They sat down beside their patient to watch the second match.
Riders from the blue team thundered down the field with the red team in hot pursuit.  Electra watched as the blue team member carrying the carcass rode by with another blue team member protecting his flank.  She jumped up and stared open-mouthed.  The man with the carcass was Bataar and the teammate close on his flank was her brother, Prince Avor.

Chapter 29

City of Taz

With the conclusion of the second buzkashi match, the promised lunch finally materialized.  The five Fernlanders and physician Rabar sat inside Bataar's yurt on cushions.  They ate meat-filled dumplings, yogurt and goat cheese. They were offered a choice of fermented mare's milk or tea to drink.
Prince Avor was still very excited about their buzkashi match.  His blue team had scored two goals to the red team's one.  Bataar praised Avor's role in protecting him from the red team when he carried the goat carcass into the circle.
"I would like to introduce buzkashi to Fernland," Avor said.  "Perhaps Fernland could take part in the next Nomadic Games."
Bataar seemed amused by the idea.  He shrugged, as if to say, 'who knows'.  "Next day my father—Great Khan come.  Games begin."
"I thought they began today."  Electra showed her surprise.
"No.  Today for fun.  Next day—big buzkashi."  Bataar drew an imaginary circle with his hands to show how big the games would be.  "Best horses from Barburee.  Very big.  Then arrows."  He drew the string of an imaginary bow with his hands to mimic an archer for the Fernlanders.
Electra stole a glance at Rabar.  He would know what Bataar was talking about.  Rabar's face gave away nothing, as usual.  She thought this might be a good time to give Bataar their presents.
"King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia have sent gifts along for you and your family."  She pointed to the stack of boxes that had been deposited outside the door of the yurt.
"Next day.  Give Great Khan."  Bataar seemed quite uninterested in the gifts.
Electra persisted.  "We have some especially for your wife, Odval."
Bataar looked at Electra.  "For Odval?  She like see you.  Go her yurt this night.  Give gift."
Electra took a drink of tea to steady her nerves.  The last time she had seen Bataar's wife had been in Fernland.  Odval had come to meet Electra, supposing Electra would become Bataar's second wife, thus cementing an alliance between Fernland and Barburee.  As was customary Odval had brought a present for Electra—a sister-wife present.  The little crystal doves she gave to Electra were later found by Serafina to have been coated with poison—a deadly potion that would have killed Electra over time.
"Odval wants to see me?"  Electra coughed and drank more tea.  She could not think of an excuse that sounded plausible.  "May I bring Hilgard with me?  I will need a translator."
"Yes.  Bring."  Bataar seemed not to care who she brought.  She decided she would bring Rabar as well.  Her heart beat slowed at the thought of having two protectors at her side.
Avor was impatient for Electra to finish talking to Bataar.  He stared at her with pursed lips, waiting for her to finish.  Finally, he saw his opportunity.  "You say the Great Khan will be here tomorrow?"
"Great Khan.  Barburee army.  All come."  Bataar smiled joyfully at Avor.
"And after the buzkashi matches will come the archery contests??"
Bataar pointed his finger at Avor and smiled.  Evidently, 'archery' was the word he was looking for.
"Good.  First buzkashi.  Next day after come archery."
Avor beamed. "I have been practicing shooting arrows from horseback.  I would like to participate in the archery contest.  But I will need to borrow a horse.  I was persuaded not to bring mine aboard ship."
"Will give horse.  Bow?"
"No, I have a bow and arrows."  Avor looked eager enough to bring his bow and arrows out at once.  "What about tomorrow's buzkashi?  Will you participate?"
"Yes," Bataar said slowly.  "My team.  Many try my team.  Only..."  He held up all ten fingers..." my team." He waved them out with the back of his hand.

Avor understood.  All the places on Bataar's team were filled.  He was disappointed but he understood.  Many had tried to make the team.  It was an honor to be chosen.
Electra understood something as well.  If today's matches had been just for fun she could not imagine the ferocity that would accompany tomorrow's matches.  Bataar had very likely just saved Avor's life by declining to give him a place on the team.

That evening Electra, Hilgard and Rabar got directions to Odval's tent and carried the boxes containing her gifts along with them to the yurt.  Standing outside, Hilgard called her name, there being no place solid enough on the canvas walls to carry the sound of knocking.
Odval pulled the curtain covering the door aside and gestured the three inside.
She bowed in formal greeting and spoke to them in Barburee.
"She welcomes us to her home," Hilgard translated.  "She apologizes that her husband Bataar is busy with planning the games and cannot be here."
Odval brought out cups of tea and pointed to cushions where they could sit.
Electra pushed the presents forward and nodded at Hilgard who told Odval the presents were to her from King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia.
Odval ooohed and ahhhed over the bolts of cloth and gold bracelets.  She laughed when she opened the little packets of cookies that she had apparently shown a fondness for when she visited the castle at Fernland.  She asked after the health of Fernland's King and Queen and said how sorry she was that she and Electra had not become sister wives after all.
Electra narrowed her eyes at this obvious lie, but left it unchallenged.  She had only dared to drink the tea because it came from the same pot that Odval drank from.
Now Odval leaned in and spoke directly to Electra as though she did not believe that Electra could not understand the Barburee language.
"She says you are a powerful woman—a magic woman.  One who brings life or maybe one who keeps life in the face of death.  Something like that, I think," Hilgard translated.
"Tell her I have no magic," Electra insisted.
Odval gave a knowing smile, as if protesting was futile.  She looked around as if unseen people might be listening, then whispered something to Electra.
"What?"  Electra looked at Hilgard but he shook his head.  He had been unable to make out what she had said.
Electra looked at Rabar.  He gave an almost imperceptible nod.
"Just one minute."  Electra held up one finger as Hilgard translated to Odval.  Electra gestured for Hilgard and Rabar to join her at the doorway of the yurt.
"What did she say?"  Electra whispered to Rabar.
"She wants you to make her a charm so that she will have a baby."  Rabar whispered back.
The three went back to their cushions.
"Tell her I am not a magic woman.  I can not make magic charms."
That was not actually true.  She had learned to make charms for just this purpose from Serafina.  But she secretly doubted that the charms had any real power other than making the purchaser ready to ascribe any subsequent pregnancy to the magic of the fertility charm.
Hilgard shrugged.  "She says why will you not give her this gift she wants so much.  She knows you must hate her if you will not do this."
Odval's eyes welled up with tears.
Electra realized she had been holding her breath and let it out with a sigh.
"Tell her I will make her a charm but I can not say for sure it will work.  Tell her sometimes there are physical reasons why one cannot conceive. She is very young.  Perhaps..."
Electra stopped, realizing it was pointless to go on.  Odval had already heard the part that told her she would have her magic charm.  She smiled through her tears and bowed repeatedly to Electra in thanks.

Chapter 30

Castle at Henge

Juanita and Esmeralda had grown fond of their jobs at the castle in Henge.  They enjoyed the kitchen gossip and the food Cook set aside for them.  Different assignments took them to different parts of the castle, which was a perfect arrangement for their investigation into the identity of the elusive 'Finn'. So far they had questioned the kitchen staff, the groundskeepers, the cleaning girls and the stable men to no avail.  Today the cook had assigned them the job of cleaning and cutting vegetables.
Esmeralda scrubbed a carrot fresh from the castle garden.  "We've about run out of people to ask.  Finn could have been some sailor from a ship—here today, gone tomorrow."
Juanita sliced a turnip and tossed it into a pot of water.  "That would be my guess, too, except for the fact that a soldier came every month to give Take and his mother a bit of money."
"Maybe someone just took pity on poor Drina—being left in a family way by some silver-tongued devil."  Esmeralda cut her carrot into bite-sized chunks.
The two girls looked at one another and both shook their heads at the same time.
"Unlikely, that,” Juanita stated for the both of them.  "Nobody's that generous."
Cook came into the vegetable cellar and studied them with her hands on her hips.
"Are you two girls in some spot a trouble?"
Juanita looked up with a surprised expression.  "I don't think so."
"Old Phinneas Blackwell don't often ask ta see the kitchen help, but he's sent for the two a you.  You'd best get up there quick and see what he wants.  You didn't filch somethin' did you?"
Esmeralda looked offended.  "No, of course not."
"Well then, go see what he wants and come right back after if you still have your jobs."
Juanita and Esmeralda walked up to the second floor suite of rooms used by the elder Blackwell, whispering excitedly about what he could possibly want with them.
"Do you suppose someone stole something and blamed it on us?" Juanita asked.
Esmeralda winced.  "It wouldn't be the first time."
Juanita knocked timidly on the door to Blackwell's suite.  No one called out so she knocked a little louder.
Juanita put her ear to the door.  "He may be hard of hearing."  She was about to knock very loudly when the door swung open.
Phinneas Blackwell looked at them with accusing eyes.
"Are you the two then?"
Juanita stared back with a haughty expression.  "We have done nothing wrong."
"I'll be the one to decide that," Blackwell said.  "Come in and sit down."
The two girls sat down sullenly on a wooden bench.  Blackwell sat on a wooden chair across from them.
"I understand you have been questioning the castle staff about a man named Finn who may have worked here some time past."
Juanita looked up, surprised.  "You knew him?"
Blackwell's eyes fixed on her.  "I'll ask the questions here, young lady."  He leaned forward.  "My first question is—why are you asking about this Finn person?"
Juanita stole a glance at Esmeralda.
"Look at me," Blackwell thundered.  "And tell me the truth.  I would hate to see you two youngsters sent to the dungeon for lying to the King."
Juanita knew the old king had abdicated his throne in favor of this son, Prince Blackwell, but she believed he still had the power to consign her to the dungeon if he chose to do so.  She was almost too frightened to speak.
"It's nothing bad," Juanita murmured.  "We were asked to find out to help a friend."
"Speak up, I can barely hear you.  What friend?"
"Take the Thief."  Juanita was close to tears.  "Drina was his mother.  She used to work here.  She told Zigana she named him Finn after his father.  Take just wanted to find out who his father was and if he was maybe still alive."
Blackwell settled back into his chair.  He rubbed behind his ear and set his chin in his hand.  He seemed to have forgotten all about the two girls.  After a few minutes he smiled at the girls.
"There now—that wasn't so hard was it?"  He stood up and paced back and forth, thinking.  He turned to Juanita.  "And were is this man now?"
"Who?  Take the Thief?"
"Yes.  Take the Thief."
"He's at the Travelers' Camp."
"Go and tell him I would like to see him."
"Now?  We're still not finished our work day," Esmeralda said.  
Juanita elbowed her in the ribs to keep her quiet.
Old King Blackwell waved them out with the back of his hand.
"Yes.  Now.  Tell the cook I've given you leave." 
 Juanita and Esmeralda raced back to the kitchen.
"What is it then?" Cook asked.  "Are you in or out?"
Juanita tried to smile, but was still too upset.  "We're still in but he wants us to bring him Take the Thief.  We're to go now, he says."
"What next?" the cook exclaimed.  "Now he's bringing in thieves?  Go on then.  And when he's brought back you can come down and finish your vegetables."  Cook winked at them.  "And catch me up on what all the fuss was about."

Esmeralda and Juanita ran all the way to the Travelers' Camp.  They found Take playing his flute outside Zigana's wagon.  They were bent over trying to catch their breath while Take wondered what had put them in such a state.
"He wants..."  Esmeralda was gasping for breath.  "...to see you."
"Who?" Take asked.
"Old King Blackwell," Juanita gasped.
"Prince Blackwell's father?" Take asked, surprised.
Both girls nodded.
Take went into the wagon and brought out a canteen of water.
"Here, have a drink and catch your breath.  Then tell me what this is all about."
The girls did as he asked.  They told him all that was said between them and the elder Blackwell.
"I think he must know this 'Finn' fellow," Juanita said, calmer now.
"Whatever Finn might have done, he won't blame me for it.  I never even met the man," Take reasoned out loud.
Juanita looked around nervously.  "You've got to come back with us, else we'll be in trouble with the King."
Take shrugged.  "It looks like my best chance to find something out about my father."
"And then you'll pay us what you promised, right?"  Juanita confirmed.
Take laughed.  "Right. Do you want to rest a bit before we start back?"
"No!" both girls shouted.
Take took a deep breath.  The old king had certainly put a scare into the two girls, he thought to himself.  He could not see how whatever Blackwell knew of Finn could make trouble for the three of them, but he had been wrong many times before.
They started back to the castle at a fast pace set by the girls.

Chapter 31

Castle at Henge City

Take looked out at the dark castle on the hill.  He was having second thoughts about going to see old King Blackwell.  He wondered if Shandor might have said something that would land him in a dungeon cell next to the fiddle player.  Since Take refused to run to the castle, Juanita and Esmeralda walked along beside him, making sure he did not change his mind about going to see the old king.
"Did old King Blackwell say he knew my mother?" Take asked.
"No, but he would have known her, wouldn't he?  If she took care of his wife when she was sick," Juanita answered.
"Maybe he just wants to tell me how much he appreciated what she did for his wife."
Juanita gave Esmeralda a wry glance.  "That's likely it."
Take's eyes darkened with worry.  "Have you run into Serafina since you've been there?"
Esmeralda shook her head.  "No.  She's usually up in the nursery with her twins."
Take stopped walking.  "She has twins?  Babies?  Human babies?"
Juanita laughed.  "What do you take her for?  Of course, human babies.  Though I've heard no one wants to be her helper. She has some kind of a big cat that guards the babies.  Everyone's afraid of it."
Take began walking again, but more slowly than before.  "They'd do better to fear Serafina rather than her cat."
Esmeralda tried to speed up their pace by moving ahead a little.  "She's in a different part of the castle from old king Blackwell.  I doubt you'll see her."
Take would not be hurried.  "What about the dungeon?  Have you been down there?"  He wondered if they had seen Shandor.
Juanita paled a little, remembering Blackwell's threat.  "No, but if you don't show up at Blackwell's door soon, that's likely where you'll find us."
Take laughed as though Juanita's comment had been a joke.  Neither girl laughed with him.

When the three finally arrived at Blackwell's door, Juanita knocked once and the door opened.  Blackwell's eyes fastened on Take and Take nodded at the older man in a casual greeting.
Juanita waited for a moment, probably hoping Blackwell would excuse her and Esmeralda, but he seemed totally fixated on Take and unaware of the girls' presence.
"Here is Take the Thief, brought to you as you commanded," Juanita said.
Blackwell looked at Juanita as if he wondered what she was doing there.  Then, understanding came into his eyes.
"Yes.  Good job.  Both of you run along to Mistress Cook now."
The girls took off in a rush, pushing one another to descend the stairs first.
Blackwell stood aside and waved Take inside.  "Please, come in.  You are called Take?"  He pointed to a comfortable chair.
"Yes, I am called Take, though my mother named me Finn.  An old woman I met recently told me my mother planned to name me after my father.  That's what caused this misunderstanding.  It's the first I knew of my father's identity.  When the girls took a job here I asked them to see if anyone remembered a man named Finn.  I had not imagined it would bring them trouble.  I hope you will not hold it against them for doing me a favor."
Old Blackwell still had his gaze fixed on Take's face.
"Tell me something about your mother."
Take thought for a moment.  "I recently learned from the same old woman that she worked here at the castle, taking care of your wife when she fell ill."
Blackwell nodded.  "Something more."
Take shrugged.  "She had a good voice.  Liked to sing.  She often sang a song to me about a speckled bird that hid in the forest."
A tear ran down old Blackwell's face.  He took a step towards Take and Take sat further back in his chair.
"My boy!"  Blackwell spread his arms open.  "I never got to see you.  Come, come.  Give your old father a hug."  His tears were running freely now.
Take looked at the door and considered making a run for it.  Then he looked back at the old King.  This time he looked closely at the King and realized what he should have seen earlier.  Blackwell looked like an older version of himself.  Take looked nothing like his mother.  She was short with black hair and tanned skin.  Take was tall and thin with a ruddy complexion and thin brown hair.  The same could describe old  Blackwell.  Was it possible?"
"Are you saying that you are my father?"
"Of course I am.  Phinneas Blackwell.  She did name you after me.  She liked to call me Phinn.  Come and give me a hug boy.  You don't know how I searched for you after Drina died."
Take got up slowly and put his arms around the old man in a tentative way.  Blackwell clasped Take to his chest in a bear hug that almost swept Take off  his feet.  Take was amazed at the old man's strength.
"You searched for me?"
"That I did.  That fool of a soldier I sent with your money every month.  I asked him why he didn't bring you back with him.  He said he had no orders to do so.  No orders!  Can you imagine?  Leaving a young child to fend for himself.  I sent spies to search for you.  I knew she named you Phinn.  But they could not find you.  Where did you go?"
"I went to Fernland's castle and made my way in the marketplace.  I had a knack for games of chance and lifting purses.  I was not what you would call a model citizen."
"My fault.  I never knew Drina was sick.  I am cursed when it comes to women I love."
"You loved my mother?"
"Of course I did.  She was an angel.  You should have seen how she cared for my wife.  Anyone would have fallen in love with her."
"But she moved away when she found she was expecting me."  Take waited to see how his father would respond.
"Yes.  It had to be that way.  I could not acknowledge you as my son.  No marriage—no heir to the throne.  I still can not acknowledge you here in Henge.  Surely you understand that."
Take nodded even though he did not understand the rules of behavior when it came to royalty.  He believed the King had used his mother and deserted her.  A gold coin each month did not make that right.
"What would you have done if you had found me?"  Take could not resist knowing what his life might have been.
"I would have brought you back here.  Made you a page or an apprentice of some type.  Made sure you got an education."
"I see."
A frown clouded Blackwell's face.  "I doubt that you do see.  I would have watched over you.  Seen that you were taken care of.  I would have loved you."
Take thought to himself, loved but not acknowledged as a son.
Take managed a relaxed attitude.  "I have a small acting troupe now in Fernland.  We do a bit of music, a bit of magic.  We are having a theatre built on King's Lake."
Somehow it seemed important that he impress his father with his accomplishments.  With what he had accomplished without a father.
"An acting troupe?  I love magic.  You must all move here at once.  I will have a better theatre built for you.  Anything you want.  I will have houses built for all of you.  Or you could live here in the castle.  Where are you staying now?"
Take felt a wave of claustrophobia come over him.  He could not live here in this castle with this father who was a stranger to him.  His eyes slanted again towards the door.
"You are too generous.  I'm staying now at the Traveler's Camp.  But I would have to ask my troupe back in Fernland about such a big decision.  In fact, I am leaving today.  I promised I would be back in time for our next performance."
Take realized he was babbling, but found it hard to stop.  Now that he knew who his father was, he needed time to think about what it meant.  What he wanted most was some time alone.
"But you must stay a while.  We've only just found each other."  Blackwell looked around frantically.  "And I have your gold.  Every month I put a coin away for you, knowing I would find you one day."  Blackwell thumped on one leg and a wooden peg leg to a large chest and flung it open.  He felt around at the bottom and came up with a heavy black purse, stuffed with coins.
"Here.  This is all for you."  He handed Take the purse.
Take took the purse and almost dropped it, surprised at the weight of it.
"This is not necessary."
"It is.  It is yours.  Do not break your father's heart by refusing it."
"I..., thank you, then.  I...,I will speak to my friends about the possibility of relocating to Henge."
"Please stay a few days.  You could meet your half-brother, Prince Blackwell.  Your little nieces."
Take suddenly realized that he was now related to Serafina in some distant way.  He inched backwards toward the door.
"I will return.  I promise that—if only for a visit.  I admit I am overwhelmed by what you have told me.  And by your generosity.  I may need a little time..."
"Of course."  Blackwell turned sad eyes on his son.  "But I am old.  Do not take too much time."
Take nodded and made for the door as quickly as he could without seeming to hurry.  He hid the bag of coins inside his tunic and ran down the steps and out of the castle.  Once outside he stopped to catch his breath and calm down.
He decided he would go back to the Traveler's camp to say good-bye to Zigana and thank her for her hospitality.  He would leave money for Juanita and Esmeralda.  Then he would head for Fernland.  Back to his friends.  There he would decide what to do next.

Chapter 32

Port City of Taz

Princess Electra slept in a sumptuous bed that had once belonged to some important official of Taz.  The room was exactly as that official had left it when he escaped the city before the Barburians overran it—rich with fine fabrics and carved geometric art work.  Since there had been no battle, the city was left intact.  The Barburians seemed to prefer their round yurts to the marble structures of Taz.  The beautiful city was deserted—an unused prize of war.
Electra awoke to a sound like distant thunder.  She ran out to her small veranda but saw no sign of rain.  The sky was a cloudless blue.  She dressed quickly and raced down the stairs to find the source of the noise that continued to rumble like a gathering storm.
In the courtyard she found her fellow Fernlanders.  Prince Avor was very excited.
"It is about time you woke up," he shouted at Electra.  "The Great Khan and all his army are just arriving."
Electra looked out at the hills rising behind the wall that enclosed the city of Taz.  She saw the multitudes covering the hillsides, swarming like insects as they made their way down into the valley behind the city.
Rabar was sitting beside the courtyard's bubbling fountain.  He had donned his work clothes and held a pick and shovel on his lap.  Tandor sat beside him, holding bags and boxes to carry his plants.
"Will we be collecting today?" she asked Rabar.
"I will be, and Tandor wants to come along. If you prefer to watch the opening ceremony, I will understand."  Rabar stood up and adjusted his pick and shovel under his arm.
Avor stared at Electra, then at Rabar.  "She must come to the opening.  We are guests here.  We are representatives of Fernland.  We can not offend the Great Khan."
Electra suspected that the Great Khan did not know who she was, nor did he care.  But she could see Avor would be humiliated by her absence.
"My brother is right.  I should go for the opening at least.  Tell me where you will be collecting and I will join you as soon as I can."
Tandor seemed uncertain whether to stay with Electra or continue on with Rabar. Electra was quick to reassure him.
"I will be fine, Tandor.  Avor will be with me and Muller and Hilgard as well.  Go on ahead with Rabar. I am sure he will be glad of your help."
Rabar gave her directions to the collection area and all started off to their respective destinations.
Electra looked up at the hills.  More and more Barburee soldiers poured over the crests.  The sounds of thousands of horses' hooves, drums, singing and shouting became almost deafening as the Fernlanders approached the open doors of the great wall.  It was impossible to take it all in.  At the opening in the wall, Rabar and Tandor went east and waved goodbye to Avor, Electra, Muller and Hilgard as they made their way to the tournament field.  
Different units of soldiers rode in groups of ten as they surged down the hills into the wide valley below.  Archers, swordsmen, lancers, men with axes were followed by herds of animals—sheep, camels, goats, elephants and thousands of horses—some with riders and more running free.  The women and children followed on horseback, children as young as two and three on their own horses, dashing down the hillside, laughing and singing.
Electra, Avor and Tandor were amazed.  But Muller and Hilgard had seen this sight before.  They had visited Barburee last spring at the insistence of Bataar.  While they had been about solving the problem of the arrows exploding prematurely, they had come to know many of the Barburee archers quite well.  Some of the faces coming over the hill were familiar to them.  The archers recognized Muller and Hilgard immediately.  They welcomed them as heroes who had saved them from terrible injuries caused by the arrows exploding precipitously, sometimes in their very  faces as they drew their bow strings.  They surrounded the two Fernland men and led them off, shouting and slapping them on their shoulders.
Electra and Avor wound their way through the arriving army to Bataar's tent.
Bataar laughed when he saw them dodging horses and camels to get to him.  He flung his arms out joyously.  "Great Khan's army.  All Barburee people come games."
Electra smiled a reply.  "Incredible!"
Avor's eyes danced with excitement.  "What will happen first?"
Bataar pointed to a spot higher up the valley.  "We see from there.  New parade.  Soldiers, visitors from all places.  We watch.  Father watch.  Go there."  Bataar grabbed some blankets from inside his yurt and they all mounted up to ride to the higher ground up the valley.  There they spread out blankets and looked down at the mad scene below.
A small contingent of soldiers broke out of the surging mass and rode up the valley.
Bataar jumped up.  "Father come!"
  
The Great Khan rode up with a number of his generals and advisors.  Electra recognized one of them—Twenty Quivers.  The same aged emissary who had visited Fernland last spring with Bataar.  Electra knew he spoke English and was relieved to see him.  Twenty Quivers jumped down from his horse and greeted them.
"May I present the Great Khan."  Twenty Quivers raised his hand to indicate the man to his left.  It was good that Twenty Quivers had pointed him out.  Since he was dressed as his generals in a lacquered leather cap, tunic and leggings, it would have been hard to guess his identity, otherwise.  Electra was surprised that he rode as his generals and had no trappings of royalty.
The Great Khan glanced at Avor and Electra and nodded.  Then he walked on to Bataar and put an arm around his shoulders, speaking to his son in their mother tongue.
"Are you enjoying your visit?" Twenty Quivers asked as the Great Khan moved on.
"I have learned to play buzkashi," Avor rushed to say.
Twenty Quivers smiled.  "Good.  Good.  Is best game, no?"
"The very best," Avor agreed.  "I wish I were on a team today."
Twenty Quivers nodded as though he understood Avor's enthusiasm.  "In my youth, I had good buzkashi horse.  Now..."  He shrugged.  "Too old."
The horses are trained especially for the game, then?" Avor asked.
Twenty Quivers looked surprised by the question.  "Horses play buzkashi.  Riders only go along."  He smiled.
The Great Khan and his generals settled down on blankets, listening to Bataar.  He seemed to be discussing important matters.  Electra wished that Hilgard was here to tell her what they were saying.
Women and children—perhaps more of the Great Khan's family, joined them and plates of food were passed around.  Electra and Avor were largely ignored as family members caught up on the latest news.  After some time, horns announced the start of the official Nomadic Games parade.
The parade was very like the one that had welcomed the Fernlanders, except much bigger.  Teams flying their identifying flags and colors paraded by the Great Khan as did the various military units.  Even the elephants, clothed in their fighting armor, paraded by to great cheers from the families who lined the sides of the valleys.  The wrestlers came last to great acclaim.  They would compete on the last day of the games.  Their oiled muscles gleamed as they paraded by their cheering fans.
Finally the parade ended and the Great Khan stood and shouted out the words to officially open the games.  Horns blared and drums sounded as the first two buzkashi teams thundered onto the field.
"I am going to leave now and go find Rabar," Electra whispered to Avor.
"But the buzkashi match is about to begin," Avor whispered back.
"I know."  Electra did not share her brother's enthusiasm for the sport.  The last game had ended in her having to drag a man off the field to care for his injuries. "I am sure they have other physicians to care for the wounded," she added.
Avor frowned at her little joke. "You will miss something you will likely never see again," he argued.  "These are the best from all the provinces."
"You will tell me what I missed, I am sure."
Avor shrugged.  "It is your loss."  He jumped to his feet and cheered as they brought in the first goat carcass, his sister already forgotten.

Electra found Tandor and Rabar at the base of a hill farther up the valley.  Some of the boxes were already filled with plants.  As soon as Tandor saw Electra coming he ran out to meet her.
"I was thinking of asking Rabar if he could identify the white powder Dagon seeks," he said.
"You do not need my permission," Electra answered.  "Do you have the powder with you?"
"Yes, I have some from the sample Deimos brought back."  He brought out the rolled tube from his tunic and opened it to show Electra.
"Let us ask him, then."
They approached Rabar and he stopped digging, wiping perspiration from his face with his sleeve.
"Have the games begun?" he asked.
"With great enthusiasm."  Electra motioned to Tandor to ask his question.
"I am searching for a source of this white powder," he said, as he carefully held the unrolled tube out for Rabar's inspection.  "Are you familiar with it?"
Rabar separated the white granules out gingerly, then shook the white grains from his finger, spit on his finger and wiped it on his sleeve.  "Ah...the hot powder.  Yes, I know it.  You mix it with the dirt and the plant grows very big."  He held his hands out to emphasize his point.  "I would like to have some as well, for my plants.  But the place I know of is several days journey from here.  It is found in a cave near an oasis where the caravans stop to drink.
Tandor's eyes grew large. "Could you show me the way?"
"I could tell you how to get there.  But I must spend the short time we have here gathering plants."
Tandor nodded.  "Yes, of course.  You could tell me?"
"I could draw you a map."
Tandor's face glowed with enthusiasm.  "A map would be perfect!"
Electra knew the games would last only four more days.  How did Tandor hope to get back in time if the trip needed several days going and the same returning.  Tandor would certainly set off to find the powder as soon as he could manage it.  Electra did not want to see Tandor left behind alone.  She made a decision she knew Tandor would not appreciate, nor would Muller.  Both wanted their search for the white powder kept secret.
She turned to Tandor.  "I believe Muller is looking for a bit of the same powder.  Perhaps you should speak with him before starting out on such a long journey."
Tandor frowned and carefully rolled his paper tube back up.  "Perhaps."  He gave Electra an angry look but said nothing more.

Chapter 33

City of Taz

As afternoon faded into evening, a breeze sprang up over Taz, bringing scents from flowering trees out from the land to the sea.  Electra sat on a marble bench in the courtyard of the Caliph's former house, fashioning a fertility rune out of grasses.  She closed her eyes and sniffed the exotic scents carried in the warm breeze before examining the finished rune.  With the addition of a bit of mandrake root and a boar's tooth, the amulet for Odval would be complete. She debated taking the charm to Odval herself and decided against it.  Odval had tried to poison her once—why give her another chance.
Rabar and Tandor returned from transporting their plants to the ship to join her in the courtyard.
"How are our scarlet fever patients?" she asked, as she put the finishing touches on her amulet.
"They are all doing well, but conditions on the ship are cramped and uncomfortable.  I am anxious to transport them to Fernland to recuperate," Rabar answered.
Tandor waited a moment to be sure Rabar had finished speaking, then coughed to attract his attention.  "You said you might make a map to show me where the white powder could be found."
Rabar hesitated before replying.  "The cave is at least three days journey from here.  We will be here only four more days.  I must not delay returning to Fernland with so many sick on board.  We would be gone before you return.  I'm afraid you must do without the white powder.  I'm sorry."
Tandor bit his lower lip as he made his decision.  "I would still like to have the map.  Perhaps I will find the powder and make my way back to Helsop by other means."
Rabar looked first at Tandor, then at Electra with a bewildered expression.  "Surely the fertilizer is not worth such a sacrifice?"
Electra shrugged and quickly changed the subject.  "Tandor, I have completed this fertility charm for Odval.  Would you be so kind as to deliver it to her with my wishes for a propitious outcome?"
Tandor took the charm, reluctant to leave without the promise of a map, but finally left for Odval's tent.
As soon as he was gone, Electra sat closer to Rabar and spoke softly.  "The white powder is more than a fertilizer.  It is an ingredient in a mixture that explodes when exposed to flame.  Barburee has perfected the mixture.  They send it off attached to arrows and it explodes where it hits."
Rabar's mouth sagged open.  "I heard of such an exploding arrow just before we left Taz.  Those Barburee devils exploded an oil vat from the top of our wall!  I never guessed the white powder could be used in such a mixture."  He paused.  "But why are you telling me this?"
"I believe both Tandor and Muller will do whatever it takes to secure a source of this powder.  They will go to the cave even if it means being left behind.  Is there some way we could meet up with them later, after they have gathered up quantities of the powder?  I fear for their safety if they must make their way back to Fernland through the great desert."
"I see."  Rabar lifted his head and looked out at the ship anchored off shore.  "We could perhaps meet them at Venito if they take a direct route there from the cave.  The cave is between Venito and Taz.  They should be there before us if all goes well."
"We would all be grateful."
"Grateful enough to share the secret of this mixture?"
Electra nodded.  "I know it will make trouble for me, but I will tell you what I know.  After all, you are sharing the secrets of your herbal cures with me."
Rabar smiled.  "I will pass whatever you tell me on to the Caliph.  As for me—I am happy to be a healer rather than a warrior."

That evening they had dinner in front of Bataar's tent where a large fire had been laid to accommodate a spit turning a goat carcass.  The carcass had doubtless been well tenderized by horses' hooves.
Avor regaled the group with stories of the day's buzkashi matches which had been won by Bataar's team.
"It was amazing," Avor raved, addressing the whole group.  "Bataar rode from the pole to the circle with both arms wrapped around the carcass so no one could steal it—guiding his horse with just his knees."
"Good horse.  Know game," Bataar added.
"Any injuries?" Electra asked.
"Lots.  But I do not think anyone was killed."  Avor looked at Bataar.  "Was anyone killed today?"
Bataar shook his head.  "Good day.  No killed.  Next day—archery."
Avor brightened.  "Tomorrow you must watch.  We will ride fast toward a very small target and shoot from horseback.  I will be riding one of Bataar's horses."
Hilgard and Muller looked cautiously at one another.  Finally Muller said, "We may do a bit of visiting here and there tomorrow.  Some of our archer friends may be about."  He looked at the fire with a vague expression.
Avor seemed puzzled.  "Of course they will be about.  They'll be competing in the archery contest."  Avor stared at Muller as though he wondered about his sanity.
Electra took a deep breath and smiled at Avor.  "We'll all be watching you with one group or another. What an honor—to compete with the best archers in the Nomadic Games.  I am sure you will make Fernland proud."
Avor seemed mollified.  His enthusiasm returned. "Then after, there will be the awards ceremony and the Great Khan himself will present the prize to the winner."
Odval stepped out from inside the tent with cups of tea for the guests.  She smiled at Electra and pointed to the fertility charm she now wore around her neck.  Electra smiled back, took the tea and held it until Odval returned to the tent.  Then she quickly emptied the cup on the ground beside her.
Electra moved closer to Muller and whispered in his ear.  "Tandor has a map of where the white powder is located.  He will leave early tomorrow to find it."
Muller's cup shook in his hand.  "What have you done?" he whispered back, trying to contain his anger.
"Later, we will talk," she answered.

Chapter 34

Kingdom of Fernland

Take had been four days on the road between Henge and Fernland.  The trip had been tiring but uneventful.  He had slept the last night in the forest, hugging his bag of gold coins to his chest and dreaming of his young life stealing scraps in Fernland's marketplace.
 He arrived back at his shed in Fernland at midday, checking frequently to make sure no one followed him.  He stayed just long enough to hide his purse of gold coins.  He put two coins in his pocket, dug a hole in the corner of the shed, deposited his purse, filled in the hole and stamped the earth down to match the rest of the earthen floor.  Then he went off to find his friends.
He stopped first at the bakery stall in the marketplace.  Finding the stall empty he headed for Tom's house.  There he found them all, laughing and plotting.  They jumped up to greet him, slapping him on the back, forcing food and drink into his hands and demanding he tell them everything that had happened since he had left with Shandor for Henge.
Take told them about Shandor's unfortunate move to the dungeon, about living at the Traveler camp and about enlisting Juanita's and Esmeralda's help in finding the mysterious 'Finn'.  He stopped short of telling them he had found his father and he said nothing about his purse of gold.  He needed more time to think about how he should handle those two life-changing events.
"But what has happened here?" he asked.  "Any requests for a magic show?  Any progress on the building of the theatre?"
Tom spoke up.  "Smiles 'ere had a thought.  Maybe if we was ta take some pastries to them Taz men they would remember bout workin' on our theatre."
Angie cut in.  "An it worked like a charm, it did.  We took 'em sweet rolls once an' told 'em we'd bring more in a couple days cause they worked so hard an' all.  An' would ya believe—the next time we come bringin' pastries, they had a floor built fer our stage.  A real wood floor!  Can you imagine?"
Next it was Trixie's turn.  "An' the time after that, they had two sides a the stage framed in."
Now Peaches chimed in.  "An' just yesterday, one side a the stage was all done up with boards."
Take looked at Bear and Peaches, standing together, smiling happily.  It seemed unusual to find Bear quiet and uncomplaining.
"And did their work suit you Bear?" Take asked.
"What's that?" Bear asked with a dream-like expression.
"Did you find the work on our theatre satisfactory?"  Take repeated.
"A' course.  Them Taz men jus think we're the butter on their bread."
Smiles laughed.  "Them two—Bear an' his Peaches—they think everything's just fine these days.  They been shot with cupid's arrow."
Bear's face turned red.  "So?"  he said with a frown that quickly turned into a smile for Peaches. "I spose we have been."
Peaches put her arms around Bear and hugged him.  "Me an' my Bear's gonna get hitched."
"The two of you are getting married?" Take asked, not all that surprised.
"We are."  Bear put on a defiant face, as though he expected Take to make an argument against it.
Instead Take shook Bear's hand.  "I think we need to plan a big celebration.  What say we have your wedding on our new stage and invite as many as want to come?  I'll even pay for it."
Peaches began to scream as she jumped up and down.  "A real wedding, Bear.  Think of it!"
Take stood up. "In fact let's go back down to King's Lake now.  Maybe help with the building to speed things along."
The little acting troupe quickly gathered their things together and set out for the lake.

As they walked along, Tom drew Take aside.  "Ya know, this 'ere wedding you've said you'd pay fer..."  Tom hesitated and began again.  "Ya know if a lotta people show up, lookin' ta be fed and such like they do fer weddings—things could get a bit dicey as far as how much it might get up ta cost ya."
"I've set a fair bit aside, Tom.  I don't think we need to worry."
Tom shook his head.  "It's jus them gals.  They get goin' ya know on how things got ta be an first thing ya know, it's time ta pay the piper."
"Can you keep a secret Tom?" Take whispered.
"A course I can."  Tom moved in closer to Take.
Take leaned over to whisper in Tom's ear.  "I came into a little extra money up in Henge."
Tom looked surprised.  "How'd ya do that Take?"
Take put his finger to his lips. "That part's a secret I need to keep to myself for a bit, but it's a fact, I've plenty for a wedding.   So don't worry about the money."
Tom clapped Take on the back and smiled.  "Right.  No worries."

They reached the lake late in the afternoon.  Luckily they had brought left over sweet rolls with them.  The men from Taz welcomed them with shouts and smiles and lined up for the pastries.
Take tried to communicate the actors' desire to help with the building by picking up a hammer and putting a nail into a board.
The Taz men laughed and applauded as though this were another performance.  Take wondered if he should see if the Caliph felt well enough to translate for him.  He was about to send Tom to check on the Caliph just as he noticed two men emerging from Electra's cottage.  Haddad and the Caliph waved from the doorway.  The Caliph and his son headed in Take's direction.
The Caliph stopped to catch his breath when he reached them.
"How are you feeling, Caliph?" Take asked.
"Better each day.  Haddad comes by every afternoon to accompany me on a short walk along the beach."  He smiled and clasped Take's upper arm.  "The men were much heartened by your last play."
"They were a gracious audience," Take acknowledged with a nod.  "And we of the actors troupe are much heartened by the progress on our theatre."
Haddad laughed.  "I spare only a few men each day.  But they argue over who will be chosen.  They have become very fond of the sweet rolls."
Take pointed to Bear and Smiles.  "These men are the bakers.  Today we are here to plan a wedding for Bear and his fiancé Peaches.  Of course you are all invited to the wedding."
Bear drew in a sharp breath and Peaches' hands flew to her mouth.
"That is most generous," the Caliph murmured.  He looked at Take.  "When is the wedding to take place?"
Take smiled at the alarm in Bear's eyes.  "A fortnight?  Does that sound about right?"
Bear nodded at Take with an uncertain expression.
The Caliph turned to his son.
"Can we have the stage finished by then?"
Haddad nodded slowly.  "I believe we could have the stage and one room finished by then."
"When you say we are all invited, do you mean all of us from Taz?" the Caliph asked.  "I would understand if you only meant to invite those who had worked on your theatre."
Bear leaned in close, holding his breath, anxious that Take use this gesture by the Caliph to rescind his blanket invitation.
"No."  Take was very firm.  "I mean all of you from Taz and many Fernlanders as well.  We will have much to celebrate."
Bear seemed to be hyperventilating and Peaches was so overcome with emotion that Angie and Trixie had to hold her from falling into a faint.
As Haddad and the Caliph turned to go, Haddad took the hammer from Take's hand and spoke in a soft voice.
"Let my men take care of the construction.  Just keep the sweet rolls coming."

Chapter 35

Castle at Henge

Juanita and Esmeralda awoke in the early morning and sat around the camp's fire eating hard biscuits and drinking tea.  They argued about whether or not to go to their jobs at the castle as they had every morning since Take left.
"We could go to the bazaar and buy some new clothes," Juanita said.
Esmeralda stuck out her lower lip.  "If we miss a day, we'll be fired."
Juanita stretched languidly.  "So, what do we care?  We've got Take's silver coins."
"Cook's making chicken stew today," Esmeralda offered.
Juanita laughed.  "You just want to hear all the castle gossip."
Esmeralda's face puckered into a frown.  "What?  And you don't?  You know you're still dying to find out what old King Blackwell wanted with Take.
Juanita shrugged.  "Let's go, then, or we'll be fired anyway for being late."
 
The girls were assigned the job of cutting vegetables when they arrived at the castle kitchen.  Cook came into the alcove where the girls were working at mid-morning.
"We've lost young Sadie fer a time.  She's left ta care fer 'er sick mom.  So I'll be needin' one a youse ta take a bite down ta our guests in yon dungeon an' tother ta' take tea up ta Princess Serafina."
"I'll go to the dungeon," Juanita called out quickly.
Esmeralda glared at her friend.  "That's the job I wanted."
Cook laughed good-naturedly.  "Too late.  Yer friend beat ya to it.  You'll be pleased ta know we’ve not lost a one yet ter the big cat.  Course you could be the first."
"You're just so funny."  Esmeralda's voice was stiff with sarcasm.
Cook continued in her hearty manner.  "It wouldn't do ta get them two trays mixed up—given' bread and water ta our Serafina an' fancy fruits ta the prisoners."
Juanita grabbed the tray for the prisoners before Esmeralda could object.  "How do I get to the dungeon?"
Cook led her to a door at the end of a long hall.  "Mind how ya go.  It's a bit dark down there.  The guard'll likely show ya the way if ya ask 'im nice like."
Esmeralda studied her tray full of tiny crackers, cheeses, grapes, cakes and tea.  "This looks really tasty."
Cook smiled.  "Don't ya be snatchin nothin.  If the cat don't get ya I'll have some extra grapes fer ya when ya come back."
Esmeralda brightened.  "Thanks."
"Off ya go then, an' good luck ta you."

Juanita held the tray with one hand while she felt her way down the dripping stone staircase with her other hand. Each step was slick with a slimy dampness.  She took a deep breath when she reached the bottom of the stairs and stood still until her eyes adjusted to the torch light.
The dungeon had a dank, musty odor mixed with the acrid smell of burning torches.  She could make out the iron bars of the dungeon cells, but not their occupants.  A shadow moved toward her from an alcove in the furthest corner of the dungeon.
"Sadie?  That you?" came a gruff voice.
"No.  Sadie's out today.  I'm Juanita."
The shadow picked a torch from the wall and Juanita saw the face of an elderly guard.
"Is she sick?" the man asked.
"No, but her mom's sick."
"Oh.  Too bad, that."
The man seemed disappointed that he would not see Sadie.  Perhaps her visits were the highpoint of the day down here in the dungeon.
"I've some bread and jerky for the prisoners."
"Come along then, I'll show you the way."  The man moved slowly along the cells and stopped in front of one.  A very old man slowly ambled forward to the door of his cell.
"What's this one's name?" Juanita asked.
The old guard seemed surprised by the question.
"Don't know.  He was here before I came along.  He don't talk much."
Juanita passed him water, bread and venison jerky.  The man took it without looking at her and retreated to the back shadows.
The guard stopped at the next cell.  "This here's our new one.  He never stops talkin'.  Been imaginin' things comin' after 'im.  Likely was a drinker."
The man came to the door of his cell and stared at Juanita with haunted eyes.
"Shandor?" Juanita gasped.
Shandor blinked and stared at Juanita in confusion.  "Is she letting me go finally?"
"Who?" Juanita asked.
"The witch."
Juanita decided she had better say nothing more with the guard watching her suspiciously.  She handed Shandor some bread, water and jerky.
"Don't know anything about any witch—I just bring the tray down as I'm told."  She turned her face away from the guard and gave Shandor a wink.
A bit of light came into Shandor's face and he looked from Juanita to the guard and back.
Shandor pointed to an object just out of reach from the bars of his cell.
Juanita looked at the guard.  "Shall I give him his fiddle then?"
The guard shrugged.  "They took it away when he started smashin' things around in his cell.  Seems to have calmed down a bit now.  It's up ta you."  The guard narrowed his eyes.  "Do you know this poor sod?"
"He looked like someone I used to know, but I guess not."  Juanita handed Shandor his fiddle and winked again.
Shandor clasped his fiddle lovingly and went to the far corner of his cell where he crouched with his arms held protectively around his instrument.
When Juanita had finished handing out bread and jerky to the prisoners she stopped to chat a bit with the guard.
"It's a lonely job you've got here."
The guard shrugged but seemed glad of her attention.  "It's all right."
"I appreciate you showing me what to do here.  I've not worked here long.  What's your name?"
"I'm called Keys."  He jingled his keys and the ghost of a smile crossed his lips.
"I'll likely be seeing you again tomorrow if Sadie's not back.  Nice meeting you."
"My pleasure."  This time Keys did smile.
Juanita rushed up the stairs with her empty tray, burning to tell Esmeralda that Shandor was here in Henge's dungeon.

Esmeralda knocked lightly on the nursery door.  She stepped back when she heard a deep throaty growl.  A few seconds later she heard Serafina's voice.
"What is it?"
"Tea, ah...Your Highness."
Serafina opened the door a crack and a black nose poked through the opening.
"Down, Ebony," Serafina commanded.
The black snout disappeared.  The door swung open and Esmeralda's eyes followed the black panther as it flopped down in front of two identical twin babies lying on a blanket on the floor.
Serafina studied Esmeralda's face.
"Esmeralda?" she asked.
"The very same."  Esmeralda smiled.
"You work here?"
"In the kitchen, usually.  Sadie's out today with a sick mother."
Serafina stepped aside.  "You may set the tray on the table."
Esmeralda kept her eyes on the big cat as she walked to the table.
"Beautiful babies."  Esmeralda paused to smile at the baby girls and a little cake with pink icing flew off the tray into Esme's hands.
Esmeralda jerked the tray up and almost upset the tea pot as she tried to steady it.
"I don't know what happened," Esmeralda said, shaking.
Serafina took the tray from her and placed it on the table.
"These things happen," Serafina said with a cool tone of voice.  As Esmeralda continued to stare at the twins, Serafina tried to pull the girl's attention away from the babies.  "Is Take still with you at the Traveler's Camp?"
"What?" Esmeralda watched Esme dig her fingers into the pink cake, then stick the same fingers into her mouth with a curious expression.
Serafina leaned down to remove the cake from the baby's grasp.  Esme let out an angry howl.
"Take the Thief?" Serafina repeated, touching the girl on her arm.  "Is he still at your camp?"
"Take."  Esmeralda was still looking from the tray to Esme with a puzzled expression.  "Oh, Take?  No.  He went back to Fernland after he saw the old king."  
"Take saw Prince Blackwell's father before he left?"
"Yes."  Esmeralda began to back out of the room, keeping one eye on the panther and the other on Esme.
"Curious," Serafina mused.
Esmeralda wondered if she was supposed to wait to be dismissed.  She decided she didn't really care.
"Enjoy your tea, Your Highness," she muttered as she made her escape.

When Esmeralda and Juanita met up in the kitchen they both began talking so fast it was several minutes before they were able to hear what the other was saying.

Chapter 36

Port City of Taz

The long distance archery competition took up a good portion of the valley behind Taz's outer wall.  The ground was measured off in fifty foot intervals beginning at 500 feet with strings drawn across the field at each interval.  The archery contestants limbered up, flexing their arms, testing their bows and holding up ribbons to determine the speed and direction of the wind.
Princess Electra sat beside Avor a little off to the side of the Great Khan's viewing area.  The long distance competition was about to begin. She was glad that Avor was completely absorbed in watching the contestants, allowing her to be absorbed in her own thoughts.  Muller had been very angry with her for telling Tandor that Muller was also searching for the white powder.  Tandor was angry with her for telling Muller that Tandor was searching for the white powder.  Nevertheless, they were not angry with one another and had left this morning with Hilgard to search together for the white powder, so she deemed her interference a success.
Electra made excuses to Avor for the absence of the three men, telling him that they were likely reluctant to mingle with the Great Khan and Bataar, preferring to watch with the soldiers they knew from their previous visit.  Avor seemed content with any excuse.  His attention was focused on the games.  He stood up and cheered when a new distance record was shattered.
"Over 1500 feet," he shouted.  "The winner of this match will have a stone monument built in his honor."
Electra looked to where the arrow had fallen.  "I am amazed such a distance is possible.  Is Bataar entered in this contest?"
"No.  Our contest will be next.  Bataar and I will be shooting from horseback at the Great Khan's ring, strung from a string.  One point if we hit any part of the ring,  five points if the arrow sticks in the center of the ring."
"From what distance?" Electra asked.
"We will have five marks along the way, the length of the field.  The first arrow must be released before the first mark is reached and so on for the other four markers.  Hitting the ring from the first mark is worth four points.  Three points from the next mark, then two, then one."  Avor jumped up again.  "I can not believe it.  Another new record.  Fifteen hundred and fifty feet."
Electra watched the muscular young archer bow to the Great Khan.  His huge wooden bow looked very heavy and she wondered at the strength it would take to pull the string taut.
This last archer, if his record distance held, would have the exact distance his arrow had flown written down beside his name in stone.  She stood beside her brother and applauded his feat.
Avor left their blanket spread in the grass to go in search of Bataar.  "I must claim my horse and make ready for our event.  Will you stay to watch me in the next competition?"
"Of course.  I will be here waiting to congratulate you if you win."
Avor nodded with some hesitation, as though he was not sure he believed she would really stay to watch. 

Electra lay back on the blanket gazing at clouds gathering in the blue sky.  Summer was coming to an end and the time of rains would soon be starting. She should make a visit to Helsop before the road became muddy and impassable.
She tilted her head up to see a worried Rabar standing at the edge of her blanket.  She quickly sat up.
"Has one of our patients taken a turn?" she asked anxiously.
"No.  I have just returned from the ship."  Rabar frowned.  "It may be nothing, but a small boat was seen observing our ship last night."
"Someone was spying on our ship?  Who were they?  Do we know?"
Rabar shook his head.  "No.  It was dark and they were dressed in dark clothes.  They stayed silent, as though listening."
"Do you think they may have heard the sailors speaking in the Taz language?  Would they recognize the language?"
"I think it is possible.  Sound travels easily across the water."
"What would the Great Khan do?"  Electra rubbed her bottom lip with her teeth.  "Surely they would not attack our ship.  We are guests here."
"They might do anything.  I admit I am worried."  Rabar closed his eyes and grimaced.  "Have Muller and Tandor already left?"
"They have.  They took pack animals and told Twenty Quivers they were searching for medicinal herbs and might be gone for some time.  They plan to meet us in Venito in six days.  I haven't told Avor they are gone yet."
"Where is Avor?"
"He is preparing to compete in the next event.  I promised him I would watch."
Rabar sat down next to Electra.  "After this event we will leave quietly.  No one will expect us to leave while Muller, Tandor and Hilgard are out collecting."
"I suppose we must not take the chance of staying for the last days of the games.  Avor will be disappointed, but he will have to understand."  Electra looked out into the field and saw Avor waving to them.  She waved back.  She knew he would not leave voluntarily.

A trumpet blew and the competitors lined up according to the lots they had drawn.  At a signal from the Great Khan the first man shouted out 'choo' and his horse galloped down the field at full speed.  He shot one arrow after another at the suspended ring as he flew by the marks.  His third arrow set the Khan's ring swinging in the air from its brightly colored string.
A huge cheer went up from the crowd, as the archer trotted around the field in front of the people watching from the perimeter, reveling in their applause.
The second archer set the ring swinging twice in a row.  The second arrow hit the still swinging ring and held on for a second before coming loose and falling to the ground.
Avor was next to make his run.  Electra could see that he had been practicing as his first two arrows came very close to hitting the ring.  He seemed to take a fraction of a second longer with his third arrow.  It sailed true and stuck in the ring.  Avor was so surprised he neglected to send out a fourth or fifth arrow as he galloped to the finish line.  The crowd cheered loudly as he took his victory lap and he even garnered a nod from the Great Khan.
Electra jumped up and down, cheering madly, and Avor acknowledged her with a grin.  He left the field and sat with the first two archers to watch the remainder of the competition.
Many of the archers set the ring swinging, but only Bataar set it swinging with all five of his arrows.  Two other archers were lucky enough to stick their arrows in the ring.  But Bataar ended with the most points and the prize turned out to be the very ring that had served as a target. 
When the match ended, Electra went to congratulate Avor and Bataar.
Bataar showed her the ring he had won.  "Good prize."  He smiled as he held out the ring that seemed too big for his fingers.
Electra held it in her hand.  "Beautiful," she said, as she passed it to Avor.  The ring was hammered gold with a large red ruby held in place by two tiny gold arrows on either side.
Avor looked at the ring but did not seem at all envious.  "That was an amazing run.  Five arrows, five hits."
Bataar smiled.  "But no sticks."
Avor beamed a smile.  "I was lucky."
Bataar waved his arm in a beckoning motion.  "Come, eat."
Electra shook her head.  "Rabar thinks a storm is coming.  He wants us to go with him to secure the ship.  We may have to weigh anchor and move to a more sheltered spot."
"Surely he doesn't need our help to move the ship," Avor argued.
"Let us go ask him since he did request us both.  He is the captain, after all."
Bataar seemed surprised to learn that Rabar was the captain of their ship.
"We will return as soon as we can," Electra said to Bataar, pulling a reluctant Avor along with her.

Chapter 37

Desert near Taz

A three day trek from Taz took the Fernland men from a balmy seaport mecca to a stony, uninhabited desert.  The three men, in their search for the white powder, journeyed through these desolate plains relying on a hastily drawn map reluctantly given them by Rabar the Physician.  Rabar had cautioned them that he could not promise his ship would be waiting for them in Venito.
Muller, Tandor and Hilgard walked alongside their mounts to give the horses a rest.  They were all tired, men and horses alike, and growing very thirsty.  They were not even sure they were headed in the right direction.
The river marked on the map was in reality a dry river bed with puddles of water here and there.  In Fernland, such a river would have been called a ditch, if that.  Perhaps they had not even crossed the river shown on the map.  The grasslands they had crossed were dry weeds.  It was possible they were quite lost in the desert with their water gone.
"We should be just outside the oasis," Muller said, shielding his eyes from the harsh glare as he searched the undulating horizon.
Tandor stopped walking, steadied his horse and jumped up to stand on the saddle and have a look.  The land was quite flat and he could see far in the distance from this height.
"I think..."  He rebalanced himself as his horse moved slightly under him.
"I believe I do see some palm trees up ahead.  Could be rocks, though.  I'm not sure."
Hilgard was finding it hard to swallow, his throat was so dry. "If it's not the oasis, we're finished."
They resumed walking, a little faster now.  After another mile they could see the  palm trees clearly. And palm trees in the desert meant water was there as well.
The horses smelled the water and picked up their pace.  The three men were able to mount up and ride into the oasis with some degree of dignity.
After they had drunk their fill and the horses had found some grass to graze on, the three men began to explore the oasis. Locating the cave outside the oasis could wait until they had rested.
The oasis held over a hundred palms, many a variety of date palms with ripe fruit. The men ate their fill of the sweet fruit.  They located the spring that fed the oasis in a rocky outcrop and filled their water skins. A little beyond the outcrop that held the spring, they came across a small hut made out of palm fronds.
"Hello? Anyone home?" Muller called out.
A voice answered in a language foreign to them and a small wizened old man appeared in the doorway.
Hilgard tried greeting the man in the languages he knew and the two settled on the Barburee tongue.  The old man was about as proficient as Hilgard which made for a stilted conversation.
"What is he saying?" Muller asked.
Hilgard waited until the old man stopped speaking.  "He says he can get us camels from a town a day away."
Muller looked impatient.  "We already have horses."
"He knows that.  He says camels are better.  He will trade camels for our horses and a little money."
"Ask him about the cave.  Tell him we are looking for the white powder that makes the plants grow big," Tandor said.
Hilgard nodded and phrased the question with many hand gestures.
"He says there are many caves.  He wants to know if we have money for a guide."
"Who is the guide?" Muller asked.
"He is," Hilgard confirmed.
Muller frowned.  "Tell him we have a little money, but it must be the cave that has the white powder."
Hilgard listened for a few moments.  "He says we are well-dressed gentlemen with fine horses.  He is sure a little of our money would be a fortune for a poor man like himself.  But he would like to have two silver coins before he agrees to be our guide—just to be sure."
Muller took a deep breath and fished out a silver coin.  "Tell him we will give him one coin now and the second when we find the white powder we are seeking.  And ask him how far away the cave is."
"He says he is sad to think you do not trust him.  He cannot think well when he is sad.  Perhaps he is too old to remember the way."
Muller spat in the sand and brought out another silver coin.  "Ask him how far the cave is again."  He handed over the two coins.
The old man bowed graciously and pocketed the two coins.  Hilgard listened carefully before translating.
"About an hour away on horseback." 
"Has he anything we can eat before we leave?" 
Hilgard smiled. "For another silver coin he will give us a meal fit for kings or very rich gentlemen."
"Tell him, all right, if he can do it quickly."
Higard laughed.  "He says it is almost ready.  He began cooking when he saw us coming far out in the desert".

They set out for the cave with full stomachs and rested horses.  The old man rode double with Tandor.  A low line of red rock outcroppings came slowly into view.  The old man directed them to a jumble of rocks set into a hillside with a cave entrance close to the ground.
Muller, Tandor and Hilgard dismounted and stood at the mouth of the cave.  The entrance was small and as soon as they stepped inside it was difficult to see.  The three came back out and searched their saddlebags for candles and flints.  They each lit a candle and returned to the cave.
Inside the cave, their candles illuminated a large cavern.  The smell of animal waste was so pungent, it made their eyes water.  They looked up at the ceiling, all thinking they would see bats hanging down.  But the ceiling was free of bats.  A slight breeze hinted at unseen chambers beyond the one they occupied.  A steady dripping sound confirmed the presence of water further along in the cave.
Once again, they exited the cave.  Muller looked at the large sack the old man had insisted on bringing.  "Tell him we will need a rope and some torches."
Hilgard listened to the old man's reply.  "He says he may have some torches and a long rope in his bag.  He could lend them out for another silver coin."
Muller sighed and dug deep for another silver coin.  The old man emptied the bag of its torches and rope.  He asked if he might return to the oasis while they searched the cave.
Since the old man had nothing left to offer them, Muller said he might as well go.  The three men lit their torches and returned to the cave.
They saw faint traces of the white powder in the large cavern, but it was obvious others had depleted any quantities it might have once afforded.  They walked around the cave, searching for the source of the breeze that would lead them further inside the cave.
Hilgard's torch light began to flicker as he held it high over his head.
"I think I've found it.  Look at this."  As he held the torch high, the flame flickered in the breeze.  When he lowered the torch, the flame held steady.  Just as they began to plan how they could reach the opening, they heard a sound like the flapping of a million wings, along with a myriad of high pitched squeaks and clicks.
"Bats!" Hilgard cried, diving for the floor of the cave and covering his head with his hands and arms.

Chapter 38

Cave in the Desert

Muller and Tandor joined Hilgard face-down on the foul-smelling floor of the cave as the swarm of bats flew out through the cave's opening to hunt for their evening's meal of insects.
Hilgard was a little shaken having had little experience with the creatures that seemed to fly so erratically.  Muller and Tandor did not take advantage of Hilgard's fright to tease him.  Instead, they dusted themselves off and got about the business of exploring the cave recesses that were home to the bats.
Tandor's torch still burned, so he relit Muller's and Hilgard's which had both been doused by the wind of bat wings or the dirt of the cave's floor.
All three men began inspecting the walls of the cave to find the passageway to the bats' nesting area.  Tandor found a hole where a breeze came through and turned to Muller.  "Do you think you could hoist me up on your shoulders so I could get a look?"
Hilgard pushed Tandor up onto Muller's shoulders. Tandor stuck his torch through the hole to the space beyond. A large cavern was revealed with some broken stalagmites and stalactites lying on the floor.
"Someone's got here before us," Tandor said.  "There's white powder been scraped off to about as high as a man can reach, but above that, there's white powder left on the walls."
Muller gave a disgusted cluck.  "We'll need something to stand on.  I suppose that means another silver coin to that opportunist at the oasis.  He's sure to have ladders for a price."
Tandor nodded.  "It's either that or me standing on your shoulders for the hours it will take."
"At least we've found it," Hilgard said, looking on the bright side.  "I would not have put it past the old man to have taken us to the wrong cave."
"There is that," Muller agreed.

Within a few hours, the three men were back with ladders and full stomachs and only a few coins lighter in the pockets.  They decided to get a few hours sleep before starting the difficult work of scraping powder from the cave's walls.
They awoke just before dawn, lit their torches and carried their ladders and empty bags into the cave.
They passed their ladders through the opening between the chambers, pulling the last one through behind them and started to work.  They had one bag about half full when Tandor stopped and stood still, looking up.
"Are you taking a rest?" Hilgard asked, hoping he might take a rest as well.
Tandor shook his head.  "Where are they?" he asked.
"Who?" Muller stopped work and stared at Tandor.
"The bats.  It's daytime—their sleep time.  They should be hanging from the ceiling.  Where are they?"
Muller and Hilgard looked up into the dark overhang.  No bats.
Tandor was already moving his ladder around, waving his torch, checking for another opening.  The other two joined in the search.
Before long, Hilgard's torch began to sputter.  "I have it!  It's only a large crack but I think I can make it wider."
He pushed out a few loose rocks and let them fall into the dark hollow beyond.
He stuck his torch in and promptly pulled it out again.  His face was a little pale.  "I've found the bats."
Hilgard climbed down the ladder and Tandor quickly climbed up to take his place.  He thrust his torch through the opening and drew in a sharp breath.  
The cavern was huge.  A maze of sparkling white calcite columns rose up from the floor and down from the ceiling.  Thousands of bats stirred restlessly, unaccustomed to even the faint light of a single torch in their lair.  At the floor of the cavern a shallow lake reflected the white columns bathed in torch light.  It was a breathtaking spectacle.
Tandor's eyes traveled to the walls of the huge cavern.  Thick streams of white powder networked the walls.
Tandor looked down at Muller.  "You've got to see this to believe it."
Muller took Tandor's place on the ladder.  He let out a slow whistle as he pushed his torch through the crack in the wall.  After taking in the alien beauty of the cavern, he shook his head in a mixture of excitement and dismay.
"We're going to have to buy those camels after all.  This will be too much for the horses to carry."

For the third time the three men returned to the cave, this time with three camels in tow.  
"That old man drives a hard bargain," Tandor mused.
"We can not miss an opportunity like this," Muller said.  "This should provide a lifetime supply of the powder for Fernland's army."
"And Helsop's," Tandor rushed to add.
"And Helsop, of course," Muller agreed.  He seemed to hesitate for a moment, then continued. "I've been thinking about who might have been here before us to scrape the white powder in the other cavern and I think it likely was men from Barburee.  Who else would need the white power?  It could have been fertilizer traders, but I think Barburee men more likely." 
"Why are you concerned about who it might have been?" Hilgard asked.
"They will likely come back to take the powder up high that they left behind the first time.  I'm glad we stopped when we did.  If the old man described us, it might get back to the Great Khan that we stole his white powder.  That could put King Geoffrey in a difficult position."
Tandor nodded.  "We can seal the third cavern back up the way we found it.  With luck the Barburee men won't find it.  We'll leave the rest of the white powder in the second cave for the Great Khan."
"I think that would be wise," Muller agreed.

After two days of scraping white powder from the walls of the third cavern, the three men set off on their horses, leading three camels loaded with bags of white powder behind them.  They headed for the oasis to fill up with water and dates before moving on to Venito.  The old man ran out to meet them. He was very agitated and kept pointing toward the oasis.
Hilgard began to translate when the old man clamed down. 
"He says Barburee men were here looking for us."
"What?  When?"  Muller stammered.
"Two days ago."  Hilgard continued to listen while trying to sooth the old man's fear.  "They said they followed us—no, they followed our tracks when we did not come back to Taz.  Then the sand storm came and covered our tracks but they thought  we were headed here."
The three were surprised to hear they had missed a sandstorm while in the cave.
"Why did they follow us?" Muller asked.
"They thought we might have gotten lost.  Also we had their horses."
"We can not let them find us with camels loaded with the white powder," Tandor warned.
"Let me think," Muller said, holding his hand up to silence his companions.  "Which direction did they go?"
The old man looked down at his feet, then said something in a low voice.
"He told them we were going on to Venito because he couldn't think of a lie," Hilgard said.
"A fine time for him to grow a conscience," Muller murmured.  He looked off in the direction of Venito and seemed to make a decision.  "We can not go on to Venito.  The ship has likely left without us anyway.  We took longer here than was planned.  We will leave the horses to graze here in the oasis where the Barburee men can find them."  He took a deep breath and looked at his companions.   "We will cross the desert with our camels."
Hilgard translated Muller's speech to the old man, who reacted with a flurry of words.  Hilgard turned to Muller.  "The old man says he is afraid of the Barburee soldiers.  He says they never pay for anything.  He says he will be our guide across the desert for a very fair price."
Muller did not trust the old man but they needed a guide familiar with the area.  "Ask him what his idea of a fair price is, and... ask him what his name is.  If he's to be our guide we should at least know that."
Hilgard translated the question.  "He says his name is Akbar, and since we are now friends, one silver coin will suffice."
Muller stuck out his hand and Akbar grasped it.  They shook hands and Muller produced the last of his silver coins.

Chapter 39

Port of Venito

After five days aboard the Spirit of Taz, Avor was still angry and made no effort to hide it.  He was angry with Electra for lying to him—telling him they were only going to move the ship to a more sheltered place because a storm was coming, and then finding out that they were leaving Taz without even saying goodbye.  They had not thanked their host, they had missed the final days of the games and they had left Muller, Hilgard and Tandor behind.
Prince Avor stood at the ship's bow next to Princess Electra as they sailed into the Port of Venito.  They were a day early for their proposed meeting date with Muller, Hilgard and Tandor, but they still searched the shore anxiously hoping for a glimpse of their friends.  Prince Avor shielded his eyes from the sun with his hand as he stared out at the familiar port and spoke to his sister.
"You know they will not be here yet.  I can not believe Rabar did this.  The whole point of going to Taz was to see the Nomadic Games and now we have missed half of them.  The day after we left would have been the horse races and after that wrestling."
Electra decided she was finished putting up with Avor's bad moods.  "Actually the purpose of the trip was to gather herbs that might help the Caliph regain his health.  And, Rabar's decision to leave early has possibly saved us all from the Great Khan's wrath.  We could not take the chance of our crew's identity as Barburee's former enemy being discovered."
Avor was not to be so easily turned away from his disappointment.  "There was certainly no plan to fill the ship with sick women and children.  I hate to think what father will have to say about that."
Electra glared at her brother. "I know you have more compassion than you admit to.  Had it been your decision you would have done the same."
Avor shrugged and found another argument.  "How much compassion does Rabar have for our countrymen?  Is he prepared to wait here for Muller and the others  to show up?  Even if it means waiting for several days?"
Here Electra was not on such solid footing.  "I do not know.  I hope so.  Though the dampness and cramped quarters are not conducive to healing.  He may have to consider the good for the greater number."
Avor raised his eyebrows.  "And how will you explain Tandor's absence to Dagon?  By citing that he was only one man?"
Electra changed the subject as she did not know the answer to that question.  "Do you think the pirates who tried to capture us are still here?"  She scanned the dilapidated shacks and taverns along the waterfront as the Spirit Of  Taz slowed coming into port.
Shouted orders brought the sails down and the command to weigh anchor left the ship about a hundred feet off shore.  They could make out figures along the shore but could not recognize faces.
Avor shaded his eyes against the glare.  "It would probably not be a good idea to go ashore again to find out."
Electra shook her head.  "Rabar has forbidden it in any case.  He will send a crew member ashore to ask if anyone has seen three Fernland men riding Barburee horses."
A few minutes later, Rabar joined Electra and Avor at the ship's bow. "I'd wager Venito holds no good memories for the two of you," he said, scanning the shoreline.
"I am sure only a few are pirates," Electra said.
"Actually the threat of pirates grows daily.  With so many displaced by Barburee's conquests, more and more men are driven to survive by any means possible."
Avor frowned but stayed silent.
Electra's eyes grew wider.  "Do you think those same two pirates might try again to take prisoners for ransom?"
"No, but they may be look-outs for  a larger crew.  We sailing folk from Taz have grown accustomed to their methods.  They often have their ships hidden in coves waiting for likely prospects to come into port.  They signal with mirrors during the day or lanterns at night when they believe a cargo is worth trying for."
Avor's frown turned to concern.  "Perhaps we should tell them ashore that we carry only women and children."
Rabar nodded.  "That would be a good idea if we could prove it to be true.  They will remember our ship and they will remember that you and Electra were well dressed with money to spend.  They doubtless still believe you both have value to hold for ransom." 
Electra lowered her eyes.  "We have put us all in danger by foolishly going into the market place."
Rabar shook his head.  "No one would dare to venture from his home if we all thought that way.  We must live our lives without fear.  I have men posted to check for signals from shore.  Still, we should all remain vigilant."
"We will," Avor assured him.

Electra made the rounds of the scarlet fever victims, bringing salves to sooth the rashes and broth for swollen throats.  She was tired when she finally met Avor in the ship's galley for dinner.
"How has your day gone?" she asked her brother.
"I have stockpiled arrows around the deck with the rest of the crew.  I have also placed pots of pitch at intervals to set the arrows aflame if need be."
"It is too bad we do not have the mixture we need for ..."  Electra stopped short, realizing that Avor was the only one who still did not know about the exploding arrows.  She wondered if she should tell him.
"For what?" Avor asked.
"I think I should tell you something even though I put myself at risk of King Geoffrey's displeasure in doing so."
Avor seemed to consider her words.  He wondered if her disclosure would put him at his father's displeasure as well.  Curiosity won out.  "What is it you should tell me?"
"Muller, Hilgard and Tandor were not out just to explore the countryside."
"I never saw the sense in that.  I suspected they had something more in mind and I must say, I resent the fact that you are privileged to know what I do not."
Electra proceeded to tell Avor about the exploding arrows and the hunt for the white powder.  When she was finished, he shook his head with disgust.
"I wonder when Father will finally stop trying to protect me from all danger.  I should have been with them in their search for the powder."
Electra shook her head.  "It would have raised suspicion had you not been as you were—excited and enthusiastic about the Nomadic Games.  Besides, you were likely in more danger playing buzkashi than the other three are in their explorations."
Just then shouts rang out on deck and boards overhead creaked from dozens of running feet.  They heard the command to weigh anchor and another word that Electra did not recognize.  Avor, however, did.  It was a word the Taz workers used often in the planning of Fernland's new estuary.  Avor upset his chair in his haste to run for the deck.
"Pirates," he shouted.  "A pirate ship."
The two ran up to the deck as fast as they were able.  A ship in full sail nosed itself out of a hidden cove, turning hard at them, flying a flag emblazoned with a skull and crossed swords.

Chapter 40

Port of Venito

The pirate ship was smaller than the Spirit of Taz but seemed to be more maneuverable.  Rabar shouted orders in the Taz language and the crew sprang to the nets fastened to the masts.  The pirate ship was running on an in-coming tide, closing fast.  The Spirit of Taz had her anchor and shore boat already brought up.  The Taz crew quickly hoisted one sail to help move their ship around to face the pirate ship and prevent being rammed broadside.
Both ships' crews began to shower one another with arrows trailing burning lines.  The Taz seamen picked the arrows from the sails before they could burn large holes.  Avor, high up in the rigging, directed his burning arrows to the tops of the pirate ship's sails where the pirate crew could not easily reach them.
Rabar waited until the pirate ship came along side before he gave the order to raise the big sail and the Spirit of Taz lurched forward, catching the wind.
The pirates were intent on throwing grappling hooks to pull the Spirit of Taz in close enough to be boarded.  Electra and other women who were well enough to help, slapped the grappling hooks away in mid air with oars and long poles.  The pirates were shouting in a language that Electra was glad she could not understand.  Their facial expressions were frightening enough without the accompanying threats.
One pirate took a running jump and caught hold of the railing of the Spirit of Taz.  Had he dropped his sword he might have been able to pull himself over the rail.  He chose instead to hold on to his sword, dangling with one hand until one of the women pried his fingers up with an oar.  He slid into the water between the ships.
Electra used her oar to try to push the pirate ship away but one of the pirates grabbed the end and tried to use it instead to pull the Spirit of Taz closer.  The pirate was forced to let go when an arrow hit him in the shoulder.
Electra looked up at the rigging to see her brother smile.
The Spirit of Taz was almost clear of the pirate ship when the pirates managed to throw down a large plank attached to a grappling hook which caught the Spirit of Taz at its stern.  The stern ends of the two boats were thus attached end to end and began to swing in a wide circle as the pirates all ran to the stern to jump on the plank and run across to board the Spirit of Taz.
A few pirates were already aboard the Spirit of Taz, fighting the crew hand to hand with swords and knives, as the two ships continued to circle one another in a wide arc.  Suddenly the wooden plank connecting the two ships exploded and the gap between the two ships began to widen.
The few pirates who had made it on board were now vastly outnumbered and most either jumped or were pushed into the water.  Those pirates who had been on the plank when it exploded were done for.
All eyes searched for the source of the explosion.  Avor shouted down from the mast.
"Down there on shore.  Barburee archers with exploding arrows."
"Are they your three Fernland men?" Rabar shouted up to Avor.
Avor looked again, shielding his eyes.  "No. Five men.  Their clothes make them Barburee soldiers."
The pirate ship was making a wide turn, lining up for another pass at the Spirit of Taz.  Rabar shouted up to Avor.  "We have to head for the open sea.  We can out run the pirates there."
Avor gave a salute to show he understood.  Muller, Hilgard and Tandor were on their own if they made it to Venito.  Rabar would have his hands full saving the ship and all aboard from the pirates.
Rabar put his ship on a tack to catch the wind and the pirate ship did the same.  The pirate ship was smaller and faster but their sails had been more heavily damaged.  For a time they seemed to be gaining on the Spirit of Taz, but when they reached the open sea, the pirate ship fell behind and finally veered off to return to Venito.
"That was too close," Electra said as she slumped down against the ship's rail.
"They are a villainous bunch," Rabar agreed.  "Looking for hostages to ransom, no doubt."
"Avor and me."
"Very likely."
Electra stood up.  "Have we any casualties?"
"I think nothing too serious.  Perhaps you could check.  I want to bring down our mainsail and repair it now we're in the clear."
Electra found three crewmen with arrow wounds and four with slash wounds.  One of the men still had the arrow intact through his leg.  She asked a crew member to cut the shaft close to the flesh so there would be less to pull through.  After giving the man willow bark for the pain, she pulled the arrow out and bandaged the wound.
The other men only required stitches to close their wounds.  As she made her rounds she found two new cases of scarlet fever among the children and moved them to a more isolated area of the cargo hold before treating them.
By the time Electra met Avor in the galley she was tired but feeling very fortunate to have escaped the pirates.
"It was us they were after," she told Avor.
Avor seemed still full of fight and bravado.  "They will not make that mistake again."  
Electra tried to relax and a shudder ran from her shoulders down her back.  "They would have had us in the shallows if not for that lucky shot from the Barburee archers."
"That was not a lucky shot.  Their long distance archers could shoot five times that distance," Avor insisted.
"With that much accuracy?"  Electra was skeptical.
"It was a good shot, but not uncommon."  Avor paused to reflect.  "We must have those exploding arrows for Fernland.  I wonder if Muller was successful in finding the white powder."
"What will they do, now we have left them stranded?"  Electra closed her eyes briefly as though trying to imagine what they might do.  "Do you think they will find another ship back to Fernland?" 
"They have to.  Without the exploding arrows, Fernland is at risk."
Electra looked at her brother and for the first time saw him as Fernland's future king.

Chapter 41

Kingdom of Henge

As was his custom of late, Prince Blackwell joined Serafina in the afternoon to watch the progress of his two little girls.  The Prince sat on the floor of the nursery playing peek-a-boo with his four month old daughters.  He put his hands in front of his face and called out, "Where's Daddy?"  
Esme shrieked and grabbed her foot, putting it in her mouth to suck on her toes.  Shalin smiled and watched her father carefully.  He pulled his hands away suddenly saying, “Here I am." 
Esme shrieked again and waved her feet in the air.  Shalin put her hand out and her father took it and kissed it.
"They both favor you, I think.  They have your green eyes." Prince Blackwell hoisted himself up from the floor and sat at the table with Serafina.
Ebony, the panther, hoisted herself up as well and put her paw in the crib, fished out a brightly colored rattle, took it in her mouth and dropped it on the blanket beside Esme, where she lay on the floor.
Prince Blackwell laughed in surprise at Ebony's actions.  "That is quite a trick.  Did you teach Ebony to do that?"
"Ebony and Esme have a strong bond.  I believe Ebony reads Esme's mind"
"That's not possible," Prince Blackwell huffed.  "Surely you taught her the trick."
Serafina swished the comment away with her hand.  "Ebony is very clever.  Perhaps she has learned to imitate my actions in giving them toys."
Prince Blackwell shook his head as though this too seemed doubtful.  
"We will have to watch the twins carefully when they begin to crawl.  We can not put our trust in a panther to keep them from harm."  He paused to consider this.  "Are you satisfied with your new helper, the gypsy girl?"
Serafina laughed.  "She spends more time watching Ebony then watching the twins.  But that seems true of all the nursemaids to date."
"You can hardly blame them."  Prince Blackwell watched in amazement as Ebony got up and brought a second toy to Esme.
"You are playing with me," he insisted, smiling at his wife.  "I know you must have taught that panther to retrieve things.  No doubt she expects a reward now."
Serafina put a command into Esme's mind along the lines of ‘that is enough.'
Esme's lower lip furled out into a pout and she began to cry.
"They must be ready for their naps."  Prince Blackwell turned his attention from Esme to his wife.  "I understand you have imprisoned a gypsy man who plays the fiddle quite well.  The servants have been raving about his ability.  Would you be averse to bringing him up from time to time to play for us?"
"Not at all," Serafina replied.  "I would enjoy it."
"What was his crime, by the way?" Blackwell asked.
"He made threats against the wrong person."  Serafina picked up Esme and rocked her in her arms to soothe the tiny girl.

Two floors below the nursery, in the dungeon, Juanita brought the midday meal for the prisoners.  Shandor appeared to be over the worst of his sickness from doing without wine.  The haunted look had left his eyes and he was eager for his meager meal.
"Cook said I could give you an apple today because she can hear your music through a vent that ends in the kitchen," Juanita whispered.
Shandor reached for the apple and hid it in his tunic so the other inmates wouldn't see.  "Ask her favorite song and I will play it every day."  He leaned very close to the bars and Juanita did the same.
"If I found a way to escape, could I count on you to help me?"
Juanita jerked back as if his words had stung her.  They both knew such an action could put her in the dungeon as well.
"Maybe," she whispered as she moved on to the next prisoner.
As soon as Shandor had eaten everything except the apple he would save until later, he took up his fiddle and began to play.  He chose a sad, minor key and a plaintive melody.  The guards gathered around to listen and some of the castle staff sat on the top steps heading down to the dungeon to hear as well.
Keys, the guard responsible for the prisoners, seemed worried that so many were taking time from their duties to attend these mid-day concerts.  Since none of the royal family had yet complained, he said nothing.  Sometimes Cook would send him little treats as well.
When Shandor finished his song, Keys tapped on the cell bars.  "That's all now.  You can play again after dinner."
Shandor placed his fiddle in the corner of his cell and sat down beside it.  He caught Juanita's eye as she was leaving and gave her a slight nod.
Juanita rushed back up the stairs, anxious to speak to Esmeralda about this latest development.

As the two girls took their lunch break, Juanita looked around to be sure no one was listening.
"Shandor is going to try to escape," she whispered.
"I'm sure they'd all like to escape," Esmeralda said as she chewed a bite of bread.  "Doesn't mean they can."
"He asked if I would help him," Juanita whispered.
Esmeralda's chunk of bread stopped halfway to her mouth.  She leaned in close and whispered, “You didn't say you would, did you?"
Juanita bit her lip.  "He looked so pitiful.  I said maybe."
Esmeralda resumed eating.  "Maybe's not yes."
"If I could do it without getting caught..." Juanita seemed to be thinking about it.
"How do you expect to manage that?  You know, I think Serafina can read minds."
"I wouldn't be surprised," Juanita agreed.  
Both girls went back to eating their lunch, trying to keep their minds free of escape plans, just in case.

Chapter 42

Desert outside Venito

Muller, Hilgard and Tandor, having missed their opportunity to meet up with the Spirit of Taz in Venito, were resigned to traveling overland across the desert with their camels all the way back to Fernland.  Guiding them was Akbar, the opportunist who had managed to wheedle all their money from them at the first oasis.
After three days of desert travel, they had eaten all the food Akbar had packed for them and they were completely out of water.  The men cheered when they saw the oasis and clapped Akbar on the back for successfully leading them to it.
Men and camels drank their fill, then the Fernland men lounged by the spring and tried to judge their location.
"We were three weeks traveling from Fernland to Barburee when we accompanied Twenty Quivers to solve the mystery of the exploding arrows," Muller said.  "Since we traveled three days to find the white powder and five more days since, I would judge we could reach Fernland in another fortnight."  He looked around the small spring-fed oasis and turned to Hilgard, who had accompanied him on their original trek from Fernland to Barburee earlier in the year.  "Does this oasis look familiar to you?"
"I don't think it was one we stopped at with Twenty Quivers last spring.  We may still be too far south."
"What was the longest you traveled between oases when you traveled to Barburee?" Tandor asked.
"I think four days was the longest," Hilgard guessed.  "And that was because we were hunkered down for a full day with a great sand storm.  The farther west we go, the more water we'll come to."
Muller searched his pockets for coins and found very few.  "I'm glad we have Akbar with us.  He has all our money.  If we run out we will demand he pay for food."
Akbar said something to Hilgard in another language.
Hilgard nodded and turned to his friends.  "He says we should travel only at night to the next oasis.  He says there are many bandits between here and there."
Muller and Hilgard remembered their last confrontation with bandits several months earlier on their way to Barburee, and nodded their agreement.  They decided to sleep until nightfall.

When the three men woke up hours later, the sun was just going down over a sand dune in a flaming orange ball.  They looked around for Akbar, eager to start the next leg of their journey.  After a few minutes of searching and calling, the awful truth became apparent.  Akbar was gone.  
Luckily they had brought their camels in close while they slept.  Otherwise Akbar might have taken them as well.
Muller thumped his head with the palm of his hand.  He should have known better than to trust such an opportunist.  Akbar had all their money.  Why would he wait around?  After cursing the man thoroughly, Muller turned to his companions.
"We could venture out on our own or we could wait here until someone comes through."
"Someone's bound to come through before long," Tandor said.  "There's water here.  Of course it could be bandits."
Muller muttered another curse on Akbar.  "He probably made that up as a reason to wait while he made his escape."
Hilgard looked out at the desert and shook his head.  "I'd feel better waiting for a few days.  At least someone who knows the area could tell us which direction to go."
"We may as well go back to sleep," Tandor said, feeling wide awake.  "I'll take the first watch in case of bandits."

The three only had to wait one day before the small oasis was inundated with a caravan from the Orient carrying tea, spices, cloth and other trade goods.
The caravan consisted of eight roped lines of ten camels each, all loaded with goods to sell or trade.  Each line of roped camels was led by a camel driver.  In front of this long trail of loaded camels, many men walked or rode additional camels.  These were the traders and travelers who accompanied the caravan for the safety that numbers provided.  Behind the last string of camels rode armed guards, protecting the caravan from attack from the rear.
The merchants wore colorful robes and round caps.  They regarded the Fernland men with suspicion.  Hilgard tried a variety of languages before one of the travelers approached him.  He spoke halting English and the Fernlanders were relieved to find him.
He said he was a student, traveling with his uncle who was a tea trader.  He, like Hilgard, was a student of languages, hoping for a position in the Emperor's court based on his ability as a translator.  His name was Dong Hao.  He spoke to the Fernland men with great enthusiasm, eager to test his command of English.
"They say maybe you bandits, wait more men come take camels.  We see many days bad men follow us, look for chance to steal camel."
Hilgard rushed to reassure him.  "We only want to return to Fernland with our, ah, fertilizer.  Our guide took all our money and left us here."
Dong Hao translated this information to his uncle and the other merchants.
"They want know—do you want travel with caravan?  They not know of Fernland, but we go Ankar."
None of the three Fernland men had ever heard of Ankar, but they readily agreed.
Dong Hao hung his head.  "They want know—can you pay for protect and food?"
The young man was obviously embarrassed to ask the question.
Muller thought quickly.  "Perhaps at Ankar we could give you one of our camels in payment?"
Dong Hao relayed this to his uncle.
His uncle walked over to where the three camels belonging to the Fernlanders grazed beside the spring.  He examined each camel carefully and finally selected the one he liked best.
Dong Hao smiled broadly and clapped his hands.  "Yes, he says is good."  Dong Hao listened a little longer.  "He say is good you have bow and arrows, you walk end of caravan for protect.  Is good this?"
"Fine," said Muller, sensing that there were probably reasons that the end of the caravan was not a desirable spot.
"Good, good."  Dong Hao clapped his hands.  "I walk with you, learn more the English, yes?"
"And I will learn Chinese from you," Hilgard added.

The tinkling of camel bells surrounded them as the caravan's camels swarmed into the oasis.  Hilgard and Dong Hao walked off together chatting happily.  Muller took their three camels off to the side where he had stored their sacks of white powder and staked the animals around the sacks for protection.
Tandor moved to help him.  "Do you think we will be able to carry all of these on two camels from Ankar?"
"One day at a time, lad.  We're moving west and we'll have food and water.  Let's worry about everything else when we get to Ankar—wherever that is."

Chapter 43

Village of Helsop

Dagon had kept count of the days Electra and Tandor had been gone on their sea voyage to Barburee.  He judged that they should be returning in a few days time if all went well.  He hoped that if he went to meet Electra when she returned, she might agree to accompany him back to Helsop for a visit.  He wanted to make sure she would be impressed by the progress of her proposed school of medicine.
Dagon inspected the work on Electra's school and found it quite satisfactory.  He had used most of the lumber from King Geoffrey's first shipment to frame in classrooms and living quarters for Electra's future medical students.  The remainder of the lumber he had used to construct rafts.
He mounted his horse and rode up to the headwaters of Cold River where it began as trickles of melt water from the great ice mountain.  The glacier was receding a little and had left behind huge piles of rocks.  These were the rocks that would serve as his castle walls.
Dagon saw Deimos at the edge of a rock pile.  He left his horse to graze on the rich grass and hailed his old friend.
"How goes the work, Deimos?"
Deimos wiped perspiration from his face with his sleeve and waved Dagon closer.
"The rafts are working well."  Deimos walked with Dagon to the shallow beginnings of Cold River.  There the three rafts were being loaded with rocks.  The rocks were rolled from the foot of Ice Mountain on to the waiting rafts.  The rafts were held in place by two ropes, reaching from both river banks, each rope staked into the banks of the river to hold the raft in place.  As soon as a raft began to sink, one rock was removed and loading began on the next raft.
When all three rafts were filled to capacity, the stakes holding the rafts in place were pulled up and men took the ends of the ropes and began to walk along shore guiding the rafts downstream.  They would stay with the rafts until the river swung around north of the village to the castle building site.  Here the rafts were beached and the rocks rolled off the rafts for use as building blocks.  So far the rock walls of the new castle reached about waist high.
A man rolling rocks onto the third raft yelled out.  "That's all this raft can handle.  Pull up the stakes and let's take 'em down." 
 Dagon and Deimos walked along the shore with the men guiding the rafts.  They led their horses downriver toward the castle site, chatting as they walked.
"It is a good system," Deimos said, "We've not had any serious injuries yet and these rocks will make a strong wall."
Dagon nodded.  "Mortaring the rocks together is a big job, but we have time and plenty of rocks."
"The workers are enthusiastic."
Dagon raised an eyebrow.  "No complaints about the low wages?"
Deimos laughed.  "This is Helsop, after all.  No one here has experienced anything other than low wages in his lifetime."  He looked to the south where the top of the framing on Electra's school was visible over the low roofs of the village houses.  "How goes work on the school?"
Dagon followed his gaze.  "We used up the first load of lumber.  We can cart some rocks over for reinforcement and hearths but work will slow down until we get more lumber."
Deimos hesitated, wondering about the wisdom of putting his thought into words, then squared his shoulders and asked his question.  "How long does she plan to stay at King's Lake?"
Dagon knew who the 'she' was in Deimos's question.  The whole village wondered quietly whether Electra would ever return to Helsop.  Surely life at Fernland's castle had its advantages.
Dagon looked his friend in the eyes.  "I think she will be back when she believes she has no more to learn from her mentor physician."
Deimos nodded.  "What do you make of King Geoffrey sending lumber?"
Dagon shrugged.  "I always suspect a political motive when it comes to King Geoffrey.  I am a little baffled by it myself."
Deimos watched the men roll the last rocks off the rafts next to the half built castle wall.  They then picked up the ropes to begin pulling the rafts back upstream.  "I'd best get back to work.  They'll need my help pulling the rafts against the current."  He stopped and turned back briefly.  "Any news about Tandor and the others?"
"I do not expect the ship to return for a few more days.  I'm thinking of going back down to Fernland to be there when the ship comes in."
Deimos nodded.  "Let me know if you want company."  He mounted his horse and rode off to help his men with a backwards wave. 

As Dagon neared the village he noticed a cloud of dust to the south and decided to ride out to see who was on the road to Helsop.  He was happy to see a cart full of lumber and caught his breath when he saw what followed the cart of lumber.  A dozen Royal Guardsmen escorted Fernland's Royal Carriage into Helsop.
Queen Delphinia had occasionally accompanied shipments of lumber in the past to visit Electra.  But Electra was not here, so why would she come this time?  Dagon spurred his horse to a gallop and rode off to meet his visitors.  He saluted the Royal Guard Captain.  "Who comes in the carriage?" he asked.
"His Majesty King Geoffrey and Her Majesty Queen Delphinia," the captain announced.
Dagon's first thought was worry that something had happened to Electra's ship.  That thought took flight when Queen Delphinia stuck her head out the carriage window, smiled and waved.
Dagon managed a friendly smile. "Welcome, all," he shouted as he signaled to the captain of the Royal Guard.  "Please follow me to the new school."  Dagon waved back to Queen Delphinia, then rode on ahead to the school where he quickly threw tools and boards aside to clear the entrance.
Dagon waited outside the school wondering why the King had come and what he could do to entertain the royal couple.  He decided he could have a bed brought into his house and the King and Queen could stay there while he bunked down at post headquarters.
Dagon helped Delphinia down from the carriage.  "We here in Helsop are honored by your visit.  I thought you would like to see the progress we have made on Electra's school."
Delphinia beamed an excited smile.  "Yes.  We would like that very much."  She peered at the unfinished entrance to the school.  "Look Geoffrey.  It is quite large."
Encouraged by her remark, Dagon led them through the old cottage which now functioned as an entrance to the school.  The next rooms on either side of a hall were the classrooms.  The hall continued to a large kitchen dining area on one side and bedrooms on the other.  Some of the rooms had the beginnings of rock hearths for heating and cooking.
"This is quite nice, do you not agree, Geoffrey?"
So far King Geoffrey had made no comment though he seemed interested in how the school was shaping up, checking beams and posts along the way.
Dagon continued in his role as tour guide.  "We are very glad to have the new lumber you have brought with you.  We had gone about as far as we could with the last load."  Dagon wondered why they had not told him they were coming.
 Delphinia answered the unasked question.  "We decided at the last minute to accompany the lumber.  We needed a diversion.  It seems so lonely at the castle with both of the children gone."
"I see," Dagon said.  "I am delighted that you did.  You must stay at my house tonight.  I will have dinner brought in from the mess tent."
"We do not want to inconvenience you," Delphinia protested.
"Nonsense.  I stay at post headquarters most nights anyway. I insist."
"If you are sure then," Delphinia agreed.
King Geoffrey seemed content to let Delphinia do all the talking.  Dagon decided that this must be a social visit after all.
"I see you are building a castle," King Geoffrey said.
"A small one.  We would like to have a defensive position.  It is a thing we have always aspired to."
"Are you expecting trouble?" Geoffrey asked.
"Helsop has seen its share.  I would have to say trouble seems to find us."
King Geoffrey grunted.  "Perhaps we could see how your castle is progressing later."
"It would be my pleasure to give you a tour."  Dagon wondered if King Geoffrey could possibly see a castle in Helsop as some kind of threat.  He would be sure to show him the rafts that brought in the rocks in case Geoffrey thought they were using lumber meant for Electra's school to build Helsop's castle.  The possible reasons behind this visit were making him anxious.
After the King and Queen were settled into Dagon's house, Dagon took Geoffrey on an inspection of the castle.  The King seemed interested in the rafting enterprise and nodded as Dagon explained his reasoning for the location of the castle and the barracks behind it.
"I think it will do," King Geoffrey stated.
"It will do...defensively?" Dagon asked, hesitant to say more.
"It will do as a home for Electra," Geoffrey corrected.
"For Electra, of course."  Dagon breathed a sigh of relief.
Over dinner that evening Delphinia praised the simple meal.  "You must return with us in the carriage.  In a few days the children should be home.  I know you will want to be there to welcome them."
Dagon thought to himself.  Is it possible they have actually accepted me as their future son-in-law?  He decided a 'wait and see' attitude was the wisest choice as he thanked them for their invitation.

Chapter 44

King's Lake

After leaving Venito the Spirit of Taz had encountered rough seas and caught the edge of a storm that had thrown it off course.  The three days they had gained by leaving the Games early had been lost to high waves and course corrections.  The net result brought the ship to the entrance of Fernland's estuary just about on schedule.
Electra stood at the ship's rail as the Spirit of Taz sailed into King's Lake.  She knew her mother and father would be there to welcome them back.  She had seen the smoke rise up from the outpost at the inlet from the sea—the signal that a ship was entering the estuary.  She knew this signal would be passed along first to the castle guards and then to King Geoffrey, giving her parents plenty of time to make the journey down to the lake before the ship arrived.
She thought about how much she would tell her parents when they asked for an accounting of the voyage.  She felt partially responsible for the missing three men but knew King Geoffrey would not blame her.  Would Dagon blame her for Tandor?  She was surprised by how much Dagon's favor meant to her.
Prince Avor joined her at the rail.  "It is good to be back in Fernland.  I had not realized how fortunate we are to have our forests."
Electra nodded.  "They are both beautiful and bountiful, especially to one who gathers herbs."  
Avor looked to the far shore. "I see a large crowd gathered to welcome us. We have so much to tell Father."
"Will you tell him about the pirate attack?" Electra asked.
Avor seemed surprised by the question.  "Of course.  Why would I not?"
"I know you hate to worry them about your safety."
Avor shrugged.  "The holes in the sails will tell the story if I do not."
"And about your buzkashi match?" Electra smiled as she gave her brother a questioning glance.
"I may leave out the telling of the man who broke his leg.  But about the rest—yes. I will tell them.  I hope to introduce buzkashi here in Fernland.  I have asked Bataar to consider coming here with a team to put on an exhibition match."
Electra could feel another disagreement brewing between Avor and his parents.  She would make sure to steer clear of it.  "You might want to find father in a very good mood when you mention that."
Avor laughed.  "Look!  I see Father and Mother.  There by your cottage."  He began to wave and whistle.  "Who is that next to Father?"
Electra felt her heart beat a little faster when she realized it was Dagon.  One would think he and her father were friends to see them standing so near one another.

The Spirit of Taz weighed anchor and their small shore boat was lowered.  Rabar, Avor and Electra were first to be rowed ashore.
Queen Delphinia seemed to be laughing and crying at the same time.  She rushed to the beached boat to hug both her children.
"See how silly I have been to worry about you?  Here you both are looking fit and lovely."
King Geoffrey joined them.  "Avor, have you grown taller?"  He held Avor by the shoulders, then hugged him.  "And Electra.  It is good to have you back."  He gave his daughter a hearty hug.
Dagon stepped forward and lifted Electra off her feet, then swung her in a wide circle.  "Yes it is very good to have you back."
Electra blushed and smiled.  "It is good to be back."
Dagon saw the worry that washed across her face.  "What is it?"
Electra hung her head sorrowfully.  "Tandor went into the desert with Muller and Hilgard.  We had to leave without them."
King Geoffrey's expression turned guarded.  "Why did you have to leave without them?"
"Pirates," Avor interrupted.  He was bursting to tell the story.
Queen Delphinia caught her breath.  "Pirates?"  Her face turned pale and King Geoffrey took her arm, afraid she might faint.
"At least the two of you are safe."  King Geoffrey looked at Rabar gratefully.  "We need to leave for the castle.  Your mother has a big celebration planned.  We will speak more of this in the privacy of the carriage."

Since the royal carriage could only hold four people comfortably, Dagon insisted on returning by horseback.  Rabar excused himself to check on the health of his father, the Caliph, but said he would be along later.  He had a great deal to tell his father and brother first.
King Geoffrey made his excuses for a quick departure, expressing concern for Delphinia.  He asked Rabar to give his regards to the Caliph and invited them both to visit the castle as soon as they could manage it.  The royal family was quickly settled in their carriage and on their way to the castle.

King Geoffrey sat across from Avor.  "Now tell me everything."
Avor tried to decide where to begin.  "We had to leave early from the Nomadic Games," he began.
"Why was that?" Geoffrey asked.
"Because the Barburee spies may have heard the women and children talking."
"What women and children?" King Geoffrey interrupted again.
"The women and children from Taz," Avor said.
King Geoffrey seemed confused.  He looked at Electra, hoping for some clarification, but she remained mute.
"We were going to meet up with Muller and the others at Venito," Avor continued, "but we arrived there early."
"Why were you meeting them in Venito?" King Geoffrey asked, growing agitated.
"Because they had gone into the desert looking for the white powder."
King Geoffrey looked surprised.  "They told you this?"
"No."  A frown passed over Avor's face.  "Electra had to tell me."
King Geoffrey cast a furtive glance at Electra.  Then he took a deep breath and focused on Avor.  "Just tell the story however you like.  I will hold my questions until you are finished."

By the time they reached the castle, Geoffrey and Delphinia had a sketchy summary of their children's adventures.  King Geoffrey decided to leave his concerns over scarlet fever, women and children from Taz, the fate of Muller, Hilgard and Tandor, the question of the white powder and the proposed buzkashi match for a later time.  He patted Avor's knee and said again—"It is good to have you back home."
Queen Delphinia, in a daze from all the dangers her children had confronted, managed to gather herself together as they reached the castle.  The sound of music greeted their arrival.
"This will be the best celebration ever."  She smiled, happy to have her children near her. "Both my children have returned safe." 

Dagon had arrived ahead of the royal family.  He handed his horse over to a groom and helped Electra and her mother out of the carriage.
"I hope you will not mind telling the story of your trip once again." he said as he helped Electra down.
Electra took his hand.  "I will not mind at all.  Avor told the story first.  Now it is my turn."
Dagon looked at Electra with hope in his eyes.  "Just tell me this—is Tandor still alive?"
"As far as we know," Electra answered.
Dagon nodded.  "That is good news.  I feared the worst.  Now, please tell me everything."
Electra smiled.  "Shall I begin with the pirates?"
Dagon held his hand to his heart.  "Proceed.  I suppose my heart can bear the strain."
Electra was still talking when the last course was served at dinner.

Chapter 45

Castle of Fernland

Fernland's climate was quite different from that of Taz.  It was fairly temperate with four distinct seasons and above average rainfall.  As summer drew to a close, morning mists were not uncommon, nor was the chill that quickened Electra's step as she took a much-anticipated walk through the forest surrounding Fernland's castle.
She hurried back toward her room in the castle to change her mist-dampened clothes.  She had awakened early enough to go for her walk before eating breakfast with her family.  She enjoyed the solitude and the beauty of the forest after so many days at sea in cramped, crowded quarters.  The colors of the forest hinted of autumn and the hard rains to come.
As she passed outside the royal family's dining room she heard her mother's voice.
"But what else could he have done, Geoffrey?  His people were sick, in need of help."
Electra continued on to her room.  She knew her father was not pleased with the arrival of so many women and children from Taz.  She also knew there was little he could do about it now that they had arrived at King's Lake.
Electra chose a green morning dress from her closet.  She tied her hair up with a barrette to hold it and washed her face in a bowl with water from a pitcher.  Rabar and the Caliph had arrived late last night at the castle.  Perhaps they would be invited to breakfast with the family as well.  She was surprised to learn that Dagon had been given a room in the castle and would be joining the family for breakfast.  All these guests should make for an interesting conversation at the morning's meal.
Walking briskly along the corridor to the breakfast room she saw Rabar and the Caliph approaching from the opposite end of the corridor.  Electra smiled and slowed her steps.
"Will you join us for breakfast?"
"It is our honor to join you."  The Caliph bowed, respectful as always.
Rabar seemed a little more hesitant, as though he was not looking forward to this audience with King Geoffrey.  
Electra knocked once as she opened the door, hoping not to catch her parents in the middle of an argument.
"My Dear," Delphinia beamed.  "And Physician Rabar and Caliph.  How good of you to join us.  I hope the trip from King's Lake has not been too hard on you," she said, looking at the Caliph.
The Caliph smiled and bowed. "I am much improved just seeing your lovely family once again.  Your invitation to join you in your private dining room..."  The Caliph put his hand over his heart.  "Words can not express our gratitude."
Smiling, Delphinia waved away the compliment.  "Please, sit down.  We are happy to see you as well.  Will you have eggs?  We have a variety of foods to choose from."  
"And I wish to sample all of them,"  the Caliph said with enthusiasm.
King Geoffrey waited patiently for Delphinia and the Caliph to finish their round of compliments.  Then he cleared his throat and all eyes turned to him.
"I am in debt to you, Physician Rabar, for the lives of my children.  Prince Avor has convinced me that it was your remarkable skill as a ship's captain that saved you all from a trap carefully laid by pirates."
Rabar looked surprised and was about to speak when King Geoffrey continued.
"However, the arrival of so many women and children in Fernland puts me in an awkward position.  As you well know, our agreement entailed a two year respite for you and your men while you completed certain tasks and made arrangements for a new permanent settlement for your people." 
Now Delphinia seemed about to speak and Geoffrey held up his hand to stop her.
"I understand that you had little choice, seeing the condition they were in and I would, of course, have done the same."
Rabar nodded.
"I will allow them to stay, but I must insist that no more be brought to Fernland, and that you still plan to keep to our two year agreement."
Rabar looked at his father.  The Caliph smiled broadly.
"How refreshing it is to find a powerful monarch who speaks so clearly and honestly.  And yet a king who does not lack compassion.  We are prepared to do whatever you command and yet you overwhelm us with your generous spirit. When we are settled in our new land two years hence, we will still sing songs of your magnificence."
King Geoffrey was a little stunned by the accolades and almost smiled at the extravagance of the Caliph's speech.  He controlled his expression with some effort.
"As long as we understand one another," he finally murmured.
Avor came into the breakfast room and was soon followed by Dagon.  After the usual inquiries as to how each had slept, the conversation turned to the missing men.
King Geoffrey took in new details of the missing men's possible whereabouts before he spoke.
"It seems to me that if the Barburee soldiers blew up the boarding plank from the pirate ship, they must have been trying to help.  Therefore, our three men are not in danger from the Great Khan."
Dagon took a sip of tea as he considered this.  "Unless they later discovered the three with quantities of the white powder."  He turned to Rabar.  "Do you think Barburee might know of the cave?  Might they use it as their own source for the powder?"
Rabar shook his head.  "I do not know.  It is possible that if they did not know before, they may have found out since taking Taz."
Avor tapped the table with his knife.  "I saw no sign of the exploding arrows at the Nomadic Games.  It is possible that they are keeping them secret from some of the people they invited to the games.  Of course we know they know that we know the secret through Muller and Hilgard."
King Geoffrey seemed encouraged to find that his son was thinking in terms of strategy.
"Thank you, Avor," he said, "that is a helpful observation."
Avor looked at his father from the corner of his eye to be sure the king was not being sarcastic.  He decided it really was a compliment and shrugged as if it were of little importance.
Dagon caught Rabar's eye.  "Do you know what route the three men might take overland?  Perhaps we should send out a party to try to intercept them."
Rabar shook his head.   "I know the route the caravans take through the desert, but if they took that route they would be through the worst of the desert by now.  As they advance westward, water is more plentiful and many routes are possible.  I would not wager a guess on which one they would take.  There is also the possibility that they bought passage aboard a ship.  Did they have funds available?"
All eyes turned to King Geoffrey.  "I gave Muller some traveling money, but not enough for ship's passage for the three of them."  King Geoffrey saw the disappointment in their faces and added, "I was not anticipating a situation like this."
"Of course not," the Caliph said in a soothing voice.  "None of us anticipated what challenges this voyage would bring."
The group assembled around the table fell to eating silently, each with his own thoughts.

Chapter 46

Castle at Henge

Prince Blackwell had gone ahead with his plan to use the imprisoned Gypsy, Shandor, as entertainer for his chosen guests.  He had been impressed with the prisoner's musical ability, as had his guests, on two previous occasions.  Invitations to this evening's dinner were accepted with eager anticipation.
As dinner's main course came to a close, Prince Blackwell signaled to the guard, Keys, to bring up the fiddle player from the dungeon.

Shandor's nerves were on edge as he waited in his dungeon cell, fiddle in hand, to be taken up the stairs to entertain the royal family and their guests.  If all went as planned, this would be the night he escaped.
This was the third time Prince Blackwell had requested his music.  The first two times he had remained passive, seemingly resigned to his fate as a prisoner.  He must take care to appear the same this time.  He only wished that in addition to escaping he could wreck some vengeance on Serafina.  But that would have to wait.  Tonight the taste of freedom would suffice.
He stood when Keys came to lead him up the stairs and out of the dungeon.
"Been practicing?" Keys asked as he unlocked the chain and swung the door open.  The door creaked loudly as it moved.
Shandor nodded as he walked in front of the guard and waited while the door was  pushed back in place.
"She's got the twins down tonight to hear you.  Says they like the music."
Shandor breathed a little easier when he heard that.  It was vital to his plans that the twins be out of the nursery.  Now if only Esmeralda's courage did not falter.  He felt sure he could count on Juanita to do her part.
Shandor walked into the large dining area.  The royal family was there along with some of the generals and their families.  It looked as though they were finishing their dinner with sweet treats.  They sipped tea and nibbled at little cakes.  Serafina held Shalin in her lap and Prince Blackwell held Esme in his.  The twins followed Shandor with their eyes.  They did indeed seem happy and excited to see him.
Keys left Shandor at the end of the large dining table and went to stand against a wall.  Shandor put his fiddle to his shoulder and pulled his bow across the strings in a long mournful note.  Then he picked up the tempo and saw smiles from his audience.
The twins began to bounce on their parents’ laps.  At the end of his first tune he heard cries of 'more, more'.  His second tune was a slow ballad full of pain and longing.  He knew his chance would come during his third song.
"Play a happy one," someone called out at the end of his second piece.
Shandor began a fast paced rhythm that soon had everyone tapping their feet.  No one heard the door of the nursery open on the floor above and no one saw Esmeralda disappear down the corridor after opening the door.
A moment later a black nose sniffed at the open crack in the door.  Ebony resented being locked in the nursery, away from her charges—the twins.  She picked up their scent in the corridor and followed it to the head of the staircase.
Ebony lifted her head and inhaled the many scents from below.  As soon as she detected the scent of her beloved twins, she raced down the stairs to join them.
The fast moving black blur drew the attention of several guests.  As the picture of what they were seeing registered in their brains, shouting began, followed swiftly by running in all directions.  Shandor stopped playing and began to run himself.  As he ran he felt his bow being pulled from his hands, even though no one was there to pull it from him.  He did not stop to wonder about it.
The bow flew across the room toward the twins.  Serafina snatched it from the air and looked sternly at Shalin as the tiny girl reached for the bow.  Shandor joined a group of people seeking safety in the kitchen.  He ran with them through the kitchen, then veered off at an alcove that led to the laundry room.  There at the door from the laundry room stood Juanita with an infantry soldier's uniform in her hands.
Shandor grabbed the jacket and pants, putting the jacket on as he flew through a second door that led out of the castle.  Once outside he heard Juanita lock the door behind him and he stopped long enough to jump into the pants of the uniform.

Inside the dining room, Ebony came to a halt at the foot of Prince Blackwell’s chair and put out her pink tongue to lick Esme's tiny foot.
Serafina sighed, put the bow on the table and, taking Esme from a startled Prince Blackwell, she started up the stairs with both little girls.  Ebony trotted placidly alongside her.
"Tell our guests I will lock Ebony back in the nursery.  They may come back and finish their tea if they wish."
Prince Blackwell frowned at the retreating black cat and began gathering his guests from the various places they had run to hide.
When everyone had reassembled at the table, Keys raced into the room, frantic and pale with fear.  "I can not find the fiddle player.  He has escaped."
"Find him and bring him back," Prince Blackwell ordered.  "Do not kill him."
The generals excused themselves to lead the search and their families quickly made their apologies and left for their homes.
Prince Blackwell composed himself as he climbed the stairs to the nursery.
By the time he reached the nursery his temper had been replaced by a resigned sort of amusement.
He opened the door to find Serafina speaking sternly to the tiny girls.
"I suspect your are both responsible, but you most of all," she said, looking sternly at Shalin. 
"It is not their fault the cat adores them."  Prince Blackwell smiled at Serafina. "How do you suppose she got out?" 
Serafina looked at Esme suspiciously. 
"I do not know."
Prince Blackwell rocked back on his heels.
"We may have lost our fiddle player."
"What?" Serafina asked.
"The guard lost track of him.  The soldiers are searching the castle and the grounds now.  I asked them not to kill him."
"Hmm," Serafina frowned.
"Do you think he planned the escape?" Prince Blackwell asked.
Serafina looked again at her twins with narrowed eyes.  "I am not sure yet, but I will find out."
Prince Blackwell chuckled softly.  "It did make for an interesting evening.  I believe the generals who ran from the cat are in for a good deal of razzing."

At the castle gate, Shandor was joined by several soldiers.  It was very dark and he could not make out their features.  
Shandor cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted out to them.  "He's likely gone south if he got over the wall, but I'll check to the north just in case."  He then proceeded to make his way north alone.  He had his fiddle hidden inside his uniform jacket.  He would have to find a new bow, but he could make one himself if he had to.  
Shandor kept going north for several hours, then turned east, toward the glacier.  He  was so happy to be out of the dungeon, the cold didn't bother him.  He dug a hole in the dirt and covered himself in leaves before he dared to sleep.

Chapter 47

Desert near Crossroads 

Meeting the caravan at the oasis after being abandoned by Akbar had saved the lives of Muller, Hilgard and Tandor.  Hilgard's spirit was especially revived, first by the rescue, and second by meeting a fellow student of languages, Dong Hao.  While Hilgard spent more and more time learning Chinese from Dong Hao, Muller and Tandor spent more and more time together, plotting what to do about the bandits following the caravan.  As soon as they broke off from the caravan they would be vulnerable to attack from the men who stalked them.
Muller and Tandor sat behind rocks peering out at the trail they had just traveled, watching for the bandits who had been following the caravan.  The caravan had reached higher ground this afternoon.  From now on there would be more water.  It was a perfect place for an ambush by Muller and Tandor, since the bandits would be at a disadvantage as they came up the steep trail.  Muller and Tandor had agreed to try to scare off the bandits here, before they split off from the caravan to strike out northwest for Fernland.  Sometime tomorrow they would reach the crossroads where one road led southwest to Ankar and the other northwest to Fernland.  The bandits had not tried anything as yet, but their constant following had everyone on edge.  And when the caravan broke up, the bandits would likely choose the smaller group to attack.
"I see them," Tandor whispered.
Dusk made the two strangers who followed the caravan little more than long shadows.  But Muller could see them now, heading slowly, almost hesitantly, toward the plateau.
"If we want to kill them we could wait until they start up the rim of the plateau.  If we only want to scare them we could send out a couple of flaming arrows now," Muller whispered.
Tandor could tell Muller did not want to kill them.  Nor did he.
"They have committed no crime as yet.  But they have followed us too long without making themselves known to be anything but bandits or spies."
Both men dipped their arrows in sticky black pitch then lit the tips.  They aimed for a spot close to the bandits but a little in front of them.
"On two," Muller whispered.  On the count of one, both men pulled back their bow strings and on the count of two they released the strings.
Curses rang out as the bandits pulled up on their reins. Their horses reared up, frightened both by their masters' shouts and by the flaming arrows.  One bandit fell off his horse.  He tried to get up quickly and fell back down.
The second bandit urged his horse to follow the first horse that was running off in the direction from which they had come.  The man who had fallen crawled back into the shadow of a bush.
Muller and Tandor continued to watch.  They wondered if the second bandit would return to help his comrade.  They waited a long time, beginning to fear they might have to go check on the fallen bandit themselves.  Then they heard horses approaching, quietly.
The second man had captured the runaway horse.  He called out softly to his friend and finally heard a grateful reply.  He helped the injured man onto his horse and they rode off together back the way they had come.
Muller stood up and stretched.  "I believe we've seen the last of them," Muller said.

The two men walked back to join the rest of the men, who were already gathered around the campfire for their evening meal.
"Where have you been?" Hilgard asked.  He was seated next to Dong Hao as usual, chatting in English and Chinese.  Both students of languages were intent on picking up as much of the other's language as they could before they must part company.
"We shot flaming arrows at our bandit followers.  One was injured falling off his horse.  I think we have seen the last of them."
Dong Hao leaned over to tell the leader of the caravan the news.  "He is grateful," Dong Hao translated.
After loading their plates with rice and chunks of meat, Muller and Tandor found a place to sit close to Hilgard. They feared it might be their last good meal before they reached Fernland.
Muller spoke to Hilgard between bites.  "Tomorrow we will take the trail that leads northwest.  We will have to repack the load.  If it is too much for two camels, we may have to carry some of the powder ourselves."
Hilgard seemed despondent.  He did not want to leave the safety of the caravan, nor did he want to leave his new friend, Dong Hao.  He translated Muller's decision to his new friend and nodded at Dong's response.
"He is very sad that we will be leaving.  He wishes he could travel with us to beautiful Fernland."
"He's welcome to come along with us if he wants."  Muller spoke without thinking as he concentrated on his meal.
Muller stopped eating when he heard a flurry of English and Chinese words exchanged between Dong and Hilgard.
Hilgard was very excited.  "He says thank you so much. He will ask permission from his uncle to go with us to Fernland."
Muller frowned.  "Isn't he, umm, under some kind of obligation to stay with the caravan?"
"I don't know, I guess we'll find out."  Hilgard tried to overhear the conversation between Dong Hao and his uncle.  After listening for a few minutes, Hilgard jumped up and went to shake his friend's hand.
Muller hit his head with the palm of his hand.  He wondered what King Geoffrey's reaction would be to this latest immigrant guest from another kingdom.
After their evening meal, all the men went to check on the camels.  Dong Hao carefully checked the hooves of the three Fernlanders' camels.  Camels were contrary beasts.  If one picked up a cut or a bruise to its foot, instead of limping or walking gingerly on the injured foot, the camel would stamp the swollen foot hard on the ground, further injuring the foot.
Uncle came to choose which camel would be taken in payment for food and protection.  He found the Fernland camels in relatively good shape and stuck with his original choice.  His nephew argued with him about taking the camel, reasoning that the Fernlanders would now be providing him food since he would stay there long enough to perfect his English.
His uncle argued that the Fernlanders would be learning Chinese and so his food was justified.  Muller said it was all right.  They would abide by their original agreement and then, in an unusual turn of events, the uncle suddenly decided that taking the camel might be a loss of face for him, and insisted that they keep all three camels.  He said he must consider their help in ridding the caravan of the bandits.  He seemed curious that the Fernlanders had not used this bargaining chip.
Muller's head was spinning and he wondered if he was supposed to feel some loss of face by accepting the uncle's new offer.  He thought about the added burden of carrying the powder and threw up his hands.
"Tell your uncle he is a generous man and we appreciate his gesture.  Tell him our King will surely send him a generous gift along with you when you return to your country."
Uncle insisted this was not necessary but seemed content with the bartering.

The next morning the four men bound for Fernland packed up their camels, had a quick meal of tea and noodles cooked in oil, and started off on the trail that led northwest.
Muller had a map of sorts provided by the caravan leader.  Their money was gone  but Muller suspected Dong Hao's uncle had supplied his nephew with a bit of gold for the trip.  He did not know how long a journey it would be before they reached Fernland.  They might be very much in Dong Hao's debt by the time they arrived.

Chapter 48

Near Helsop's Glacier

Shandor woke up and brushed the leaves from his face.  He listened without moving for a few moments.  He heard only the sounds of birds and insects.  He lifted his head up from the shallow pit he had dug the night before and looked around.  No soldiers from Henge stood ready to capture him and return him to the dungeon.
He realized he had been holding his breath.  He took a deep breath and stood up from his pit.  He was still wearing the uniform of a Henge soldier.  He peeled off the uniform and buried it in the pit.  His own clothes were in bad shape after so long in the dungeon.  He decided to find a stream where he could wash his clothes and his body.

He walked all morning toward the glacier which was visible over the line of trees.  At midday he stopped beside a very cold stream and took off his clothes.  He quickly washed them and draped them over a rock to dry.  Then he plunged into the icy water, gasping for breath at the chill, beat his arms, and legs and face with splashes of water, then jumped out to lie in the sun beside his clothes.  He soon grew anxious about staying so long in one place and put his damp clothes back on.
Shandor continued on through the afternoon and by dusk he reached the edge of the forest.  He could see the whole of the blue-tinged ice mountain clearly now and was surprised to find men working there.  He fell back into the cover of the forest  while he studied the men and watched what they were doing.
They appeared to be men from Helsop.  They were shabbily dressed and those who were militia had only partial uniforms.  They were floating rocks downstream on rafts or so it appeared.  A building project?  He watched as the the last raft was towed downstream with ropes.  The remaining men seemed to be packing up, ready to leave.  He wondered if he dared approach them and decided  against it.  They might hold him prisoner until they found out more about him.
After the workmen had left, he walked over to inspect their enterprise. If his luck held, they might have left some food supplies.  He approached the work site cautiously, though he was sure they had left no one to guard it.  They had a great pile of rocks rolled into place ready to be floated downstream.  Their only tools appeared to be the long sticks they had left behind.
Shandor found the remains of a fire and was elated to find a cooked turnip among the ashes.  They must have overlooked it at their lunch.  With ice water to drink and a cooked turnip to eat he felt the luckiest man in the world.  If he had not lost his bow, he would have played a tune on his fiddle.  He wondered again how the bow had escaped his grasp.  Some witchcraft from Serafina?  Perhaps she was more powerful than he realized.  As much as he would have liked to avenge himself for the grief she had caused him, it was probably good that he had not tried.
He had barely turned his mind to deciding where he would go next when the answer came to him.  He would rejoin the Fernland acting troupe.  He had not had wine in a very long time and though he craved it still, he enjoyed his new ability to think clearly.  Perhaps he could make his peace with Angelica now that he had gone so long without drinking wine.  Perhaps her husband, Muller, would speak favorably on his behalf to the King.  Anything seemed possible, now he was freed from the dungeon.
Shandor continued walking south now, through the night.  It was too cold to sleep at the foot of the glacier.  As dawn turned the sky a rosy pink, Shandor left the road to find a place to sleep in the forest, where he could cover himself with ferns and branches for warmth. 

Shandor woke up late in the afternoon and washed up in a nearby stream.  He found a bonanza of berries growing alongside.  He ate his fill and continued south along a path off the road until he was sure he was deep inside Fernland where no Henge soldiers would dare to come.  Two days later, he reached the castle at Fernland.
He walked over the drawbridge and into the marketplace, heading for the bakery stall.  Most of the acting troupe was gathered there.  He almost cried with joy when they saw him and all ran out to welcome him. 
"Shandor!"  Take gasped,  "Serafina let you out?"   
Shandor looked around furtively.  "I escaped," he said softly.
"You never did!"  Tom shouted, then quickly put his hand over his mouth.
"I did," Shandor insisted.  "Just..." he tried to remember how long he had traveled 	getting here.  "Just five days ago."
"Tell us everything," Trixie insisted.
"Are you hungry?" Smiles asked.
"Famished," Shandor answered.
The actors pulled him to their bakery stall and brought out sweet rolls, bread and cheese.
Shandor gulped food down, telling of his adventures between bites.
"Will Esmeralda and Juanita be safe, do you think?" Take asked with a worried expression, as he heard how they had helped in Shandor's escape.
"We were careful to leave no hint of their help.  The door could have been left ajar by anyone.  Everyone will deny it, of course.  And Juanita was certain that the uniform she gave me would not be missed as it was old and destined for the rag bin."
Take shook his head, still unsure of Juanita's and Esmeralda's safety.  "Sometimes I think Serafina can read people's minds."
Shandor frowned.  "If she could have read my mind she would not have put me in the dungeon.  I did not harm Electra.  She herself is the one who kidnapped the girl."
Since it was more accurately he who had kidnapped the infant Electra, Take decided to change the subject.  "Perhaps we can find you a new fiddle."
Shandor smiled and pulled his fiddle from beneath his shirt.  "All I need is a new bow and I'm ready to rejoin the actor's troupe if the offer's still open."
"A course it's still there," Tom said.  "An' the first big thing comin' up is a wedding.  Peaches an' Bear here is gettin' hitched.  An' the whole a Fernland's comin' ta see."
Shandor shook Bear's hand and congratulated the couple.
"I would be honored to play at your wedding."  He could not shut out the thought that came unbidden to his mind.  There would be wine at the wedding.
After another hour's catching up and more of his adventures recounted, Shandor said he wanted to try to make up with his daughter and asked the way to Muller's house.
Take cautioned Shandor about Muller.  "He's not come back with the ship from Taz.  Some think he might never come back—that the desert might have claimed the three that are still missing.  Likely Angelica will be in a worried state of mind."
Shandor nodded gravely.  "I'll not add to her worries.  I'll offer to help if there's aught I can do."

Shandor knocked on the door of Muller's cottage.  Angelica opened the door and quickly fell into her father's arms, sobbing.
Later, when her tears had dried and tensions eased, Shandor told her of his time in the dungeon and insisted she was not to blame.  He told her he had not had a drink since being locked up.  He offered to stay or go, whichever she preferred and she begged him to stay at least until they had word of Muller's fate.  He noticed the little bulge at Angelica's waistline and put his arm around his daughter, telling her everything would be all right.

Chapter 49

King's Lake
           
The day of the wedding had arrived and King's Lake was bustling with activity.
Take surveyed the lake front theatre where Bear and Peaches' wedding would take place.  The stage was finished.  The new wood on the stage looked lovely, hung with flowers and garlands.  On the right side of the stage, a large room for props had been built. On the left side, a small caretakers apartment adjoined the stage.
To the right of the theatre, a line of temporary stalls serving food and drink had been set up.  Take had enlisted the help of shopkeepers at the castle's marketplace to provide treats for the guests.  He asked them all to keep a tally of how much they served, claiming he would pay them what they were owed after the wedding. Most were reluctant at first, thinking the acting troupe would not have the money to pay them, but Take had shown each a few gold coins and they had agreed to his terms.
The turnout of wedding guests looked to be huge.  Carriages and wagons from the castle were arriving in a long, unending line.  The Taz men, a few of them newly reunited with their families off the ship, were dressed in their best clothes, proud of their work on the stage and eager to show off their fine craftsmanship.
The hillside leading up from the stage was already dotted with blankets as guests staked out their spots to view the ceremony.  Take had asked the Caliph if he would preside over the taking of vows and he had agreed enthusiastically.  Take had also invited Electra and Avor, who were anxious to attend.  Avor had extended the invitation to his parents.  Electra had even convinced Dagon to extend his visit.  Dagon had been anxious to return the favor the acting troupe had done him at his engagement party to Electra so he was there as well.
Take knew he had enough money to pay all the vendors.  He was not worried on that account, thanks to Phinneas Blackwell.  Still, he was a little overwhelmed by the sheer mass of humanity that was gathering to see one simple wedding between two humble actors.
Take decided he had best check on the prospective bride and groom.  He found Bear, Tom, Smiles and Shandor in the prop room.  Bear looked frantic.  Smiles was doing a poor job of calming him down.
"But lots a people be a good thing, Bear.  They’s come from hither an’ yon ta see ya," Smiles insisted.
Bear was dressed in a gold colored tunic over a red shirt—Fernland colors.  Take smiled at the small man.
"I think your tunic must be too tight, Bear."
Bear stared at Take with wild eyes.  He pulled his tunic out and looked at it.
"Why'd ya think that?"
"Because you're having trouble breathing."  Take laughed, hoping to ease the tension.
Bear scowled.  "Did ya even look out there at all them hoards a people?"
"Lots of people.  So what?  Everybody loves a wedding."
"Not my wedding they don't."  Bear stuck his fists on his hips.  "What do they think's gonna happen here anyway?  They don't even know me an' Peaches."
"Sure they do.  You're one of their favorite people—the one who does magic tricks and bakes sweet rolls for them in the marketplace  They are happy for you.  And..., they get free food and drinks and a chance to dress up and visit with their friends on the hillside while they watch the ceremony."
Bear began to breathe a little easier.  "I spose when ya put it that way—I guess I'd a come too."
"Of course you would.  You're too smart to pass up a bargain like this."  Take rolled the stem of a daisy between his fingertips. 
"I don't know how ya plan ta pay fer eats fer all this crowd," Bear said, then smiled mischievously. "But that's yer problem, right?"  A bit of panic came back into Bear's eyes as he waited for Take's response.
"No problems, Mate.  I've got it covered."  Take started back toward the door, then turned to face Bear.  "Anything you need?"
Bear seemed much recovered.  Take hoped he would not look out at the hillside again.  Or the traffic-jammed road from the castle.
"I spose I'm good ta go."  Bear smiled, then a wave of worry swept his face again.  "How's Peaches?"
Take took another step towards the door.  "I'm on my way now to see her.  But no looking yourself.  It's bad luck.  In fact, you should stay right here until the Caliph calls for you."  Take opened the door narrowly and slipped through to the stage.

Peaches and her bridesmaids were getting ready in the small apartment on the other side of the stage.  Take knocked at the door and waited.
Take recognized Angie's voice calling out, “Who be ye?"
"It's Take, come to see if you need a thing or more."
Angie opened the door a few inches to make sure Take was alone, then swung it open to allow him entrance.
Angie pointed to Peaches.  "Isn't she a beauty of a bride?"
And she was.  Peaches smiled at him through a sheer veil.  Her dress was light blue satin, made by Angie and Trixie.  She looked like she had stepped out of a fairy tale.  If Bear was having trouble breathing now, Take wondered what would happen when he saw Peaches.
"Peaches, you are a vision, truly.  Your Bear is a lucky man."  
Take noticed Trixie and Angelica weaving garlands of white flowers as they sat together on the floor.  Take was surprised to see Angelica here and wondered if she knew her father was just across the stage.
"Hello Angelica.  Did you know Shandor is back from Henge?" he asked.
Angelica lifted her eyes from her work and nodded.  "I came down with him from the castle.  He's staying with me, at least until Muller returns."
Her voice cracked a little when she said her husband's name.  Take was glad to hear that she and her father were reconciled.  He swept away a brief thought of his own newly found father.  There would be time later to dwell on that.
"You are all ready then?" Take asked Peaches.
Peaches beamed back at Take.  "Thanks ta you, this'll be a day I won't never forget."
Take waved away the compliment.  "You will hear Shandor play a tune while the guests settle in.  Then the Caliph will bring Bear out and then Shandor will play your song and you and your maids will walk out on stage."
"Got it," Angie said.

Take walked back out to the stage and found the Caliph had arrived.
What a glorious day for a glorious occasion," the Caliph began.  "Have you found your new stage to your liking?"
Take thought he would take a stab at outdoing the Caliph in his flowery compliments. "It has exceeded my wildest dreams."  
"Could we of Taz have done any less for those who have taken us to their bosom in our time of need?  Showered us with wonderful fresh baked treats and written a play in our honor that will surely go down in history as the best play and magic show of all time?"
Take decided he would never outdo the Caliph when it came to compliments.
"We will try to honor your good work with good performances," Take replied.
The Caliph's eyes twinkled with delight.  "You are a master at encapsulating the supreme compliment in its most concise form."
Take could not keep himself from laughing out loud at the Caliph's verbal calisthenics.
"Well said, Caliph."  Take looked out at the crowd that now filled the hillside.  Still people flooded in, but most had to stand on the sidelines since the hillside was filled to capacity.  He decided it would be best to begin now, before quarrels for space broke out.  The ceremony would be short and all could then spread out for the party afterwards.
"I believe we should begin," Take said.  "I'll tell Shandor to start the first tune.”
The Caliph bowed.
Take opened the door to the prop room and beckoned for Shandor to came out.
Shandor walked out in his new tunic and with a flourish, drew his new bow over the strings of his fiddle.
Everyone on the hillside looked to the stage and began to quiet down.  Shandor played a tune full of love and promise.  Within a few notes the crowd was under his spell.
At the end of the tune, the Caliph walked to the center of the stage with Bear, Tom and Smiles following behind.  Take went to stand with them.
Shandor began a tune that Peaches had requested, a simple, joyous love song.  The door opened and Angie and Trixie walked out with baskets of rose petals that they scattered across the stage.  Peaches walked out and the crowd was appropriately awed by her beauty.  She took Bear's hand, which was probably a good thing, as Bear seemed a little weak in the knees as he watched his bride walk towards him.
The Caliph cleared his throat and began the ceremony in a rich, deep voice that carried to the hillside and beyond.
"We come together this day to celebrate the uniting of two persons..."

As the last wagon of wedding guests arrived at the lake, the brief ceremony ended.  Bear and Peaches were man and wife and the party had begun.

Chapter 50

King's Lake

The wedding guests at King's Lake began to make their way down to the stage or off to the stalls to line up for food and drinks.
Electra and Dagon headed toward the stage to congratulate Bear and Peaches.  Electra saw Angelica and Shandor standing together near the entrance to the props room.  She was surprised and apprehensive about seeing them together.
Electra put her hand on Dagon's shoulder as she spoke to him.  "I need to say hello to those people.  I will just be a minute."
Angelica smiled when she saw Electra coming toward her.
"Electra!  Any news yet of Muller?"
Electra shook her head.  "Nothing yet.  I am so sorry."  She glanced at Shandor, then turned back to Angelica.  "You and your father are reconciled then?"
Angelica nodded.  "Yes, and I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused around our problems."
Electra shrugged.  "You will tell Muller the truth then?"
Angelica nodded.  "Yes, I plan to tell him as soon as he returns."  A tear brimmed at her eye and she whisked it away.  "He will come back.  He must."
"Of course he will."  Electra turned to Shandor.  "I enjoyed your music as always."
Shandor bowed politely.  "I am an official member of the acting troupe now."
Electra noticed that his eyes were no longer shot through with red veins and his complexion was better.  She gave a short gasp.  "You have quit drinking," she said before she could stop herself.
Shandor smiled.  "Not by choice, but as I've been forced to, I am trying now to refrain."
Electra smiled back.  As she hugged Angelica she whispered in her ear.  "You should try to take him elsewhere.  The free wine is too tempting for one such as him."
Angelica nodded and hugged Electra back.

Dagon was introducing himself to Bear when Electra returned.  He told Bear how he had come to meet Peaches as he and Electra were attempting to enter Fernland's castle, past the watchful eyes of Henge soldiers nearly a year ago.
"Peaches, Angie, Trixie and I were all disguised as Harem dancers," Electra added.  "Do you remember that day, Peaches?"
Peaches laughed.  "I'm not likely ta fergit a day like that, am I?"  She turned to Dagon.  "We was excited ta meet the long lost Princess, but we was more excited ta meet the outlaw Dagon."
Dagon saw the crowd of people waiting to congratulate the newlyweds.  "We had best give the rest of these good folk a chance to congratulate you.  Thank you for inviting us today, and thank you again, Peaches, for your performance at our engagement party."
Bear called out to them as they walked away.  "Help yerself ta some eats.  Take lost 'is mind an' invited ever Tom, Tim an' Mary, so he's got the whole market down 'ere ta feed 'em."
As they walked away, Dagon saw mobs of people lined up at the stalls for food, drinks and desserts.
"How is Take going to pay for all this?" Dagon asked Electra.
"I was wondering the same thing myself.  Are you hungry?"
Dagon hesitated before replying.  "Actually, I am.  I have been spoiled staying so long at the castle.  My stomach has come to expect food three times a day."
"Mother has brought a huge picnic lunch.  We could avoid a line if you do not mind eating with my family."
"I am quite used to eating with your family now.  They have shown no interest in killing me for many days now."
Electra smiled.  "I actually think my father is growing fond of you."
Dagon frowned.  "I remain skeptical on that front."

As they climbed the hill to find the royal family, Dagon put his hand up to shield his eyes from the sun.
"There's a sight you do not often see," he stated.
Electra followed his gaze to a curve in the road leading back to Fernland's castle.  A caravan of three camels with four men walking alongside was headed for King's Lake.
"Do you suppose one of those men is Tandor?" Electra asked, the hope shining in her eyes.
"Let us go to find out."  Dagon grabbed Electra's hand and they took off running for the road.

Tandor saw Dagon and Electra running up the road toward him and he pulled the reins of his balking camel forward, running to meet them.  
When they met, Dagon clasped Tandor at the shoulders, laughing, then shook his hand.
"I was worried what I would tell your father when you failed to return with the ship."
  "This is Helsop's camel and Helsop's... ah, fertilizer," Tandor said, pointing at the camel standing beside him.
Dagon's jaw fell open as he looked at the bulging bags strapped between the camel's two humps.  "The white powder?" he whispered.
"That very thing," Tandor said.
Electra hugged Tandor and he blushed a deep red.  "I have been so worried," she admitted, releasing the young man.
The other three men--Muller, Hilgard and Dong Hao, caught up to Tandor and stopped in the middle of the road.  Dagon waved to Hilgard and Muller, then glanced briefly at Dong Hao.
Many of the guests at the wedding were coming up the road now.  Most had never seen these strange beasts of the desert before. Angelica broke free from the crowd when she recognized Muller.  She ran to him with tears of happiness blurring her eyes.
Muller hugged his wife and wiped her eyes with his handkerchief.
"But I was never in danger," he lied.  "You should not have worried."
"I have someone I want you to meet," Angelica said, taking her husband's hand and pulling him forward to where Shandor stood, waiting.
Muller recognized Shandor as the sullen gypsy they had been trying to arrest.  He looked about as though he might call for the help of soldiers.
"This is my father," Angelica said quickly.  "There has been a misunderstanding and it is mostly my fault."
Muller put his arm around Angelica's shoulders.  "I am sure you are not to blame."  He eyed Shandor suspiciously while Angelica began her explanation.

Tandor led Electra and Dagon to where Hilgard and Dong Hao stood, taking in the scene at King's Lake.  He introduced Dong Hao and gave a brief explanation of how they had met the young man.
Hilgard gestured toward the huge crowd gathered at the lake.
"We went to the castle first but there was no one there.  We finally found a few palace guards who had drawn the short straws and been left behind to guard the castle while everyone else left for this wedding celebration.  We decided we had walked half way across the world, what were a few more miles?  So whose wedding has drawn everyone to the lake?"
"Peaches and Bear's wedding.  Members of the acting troupe," Electra said.
"Bear is getting married?"  Hilgard sounded incredulous.  
Dong Hao spoke up as he took in the crowds.  "Amazing!  In China, actors not have such, ah, high regard."
Electra laughed.  "Fernland is unique in many ways."
Dong Hao looked to Hilgard to explain the word 'unique'.
"Later," Hilgard said.
Muller started the short caravan moving toward the lake to make his report to King Geoffrey.  He kept an eye on Shandor and his arm around Angelica's waist as he pulled his camel forward.
Electra smiled at Dong Hao and waved him forward as well.  "Come, I will introduce you to my father, the King of Fernland.  He will be very glad to see all of you back safe."

Chapter 51

Castle at Henge

After a visit with Dagon in Helsop, Electra was in Henge for a quick stop on her way back to King's Lake to complete her apprenticeship with Physician Rabar.  She elected these days to return by ship whenever possible, both for ease of travel and for the opportunity to visit Serafina and the twins in the port city of Henge.
Electra sat on the floor of the nursery holding Shalin in her lap.
"I have a present for you, Little One."  Electra held up one of the cloth dolls she had purchased at the market in Venito.
Shalin studied the doll for a moment before she reached for it.
She smiled as she held the doll by its head with one hand and felt its dress with the other hand.
Electra turned to speak to Serafina who sat in a chair by the window.  "I think she likes it."
"I hope you brought two," Serafina said, looking at Esme.
Esme was pushing up from the floor with her arms, not quite ready to crawl at six months of age.  She was also looking intently at her sister's doll.  Shalin held on tight as the doll began to lean in Esme's direction.
"What is happening here?"  Electra stared in amazement as Shalin strained to keep her doll from flying into Esme's hands.
"They have learned a new trick." Serafina pursed her lips.  "And they practice it at inopportune times."
Electra quickly pulled the second doll from her pocket and placed Esme on her lap beside Shalin.   She handed the doll to Esme, who grabbed it and hugged it to her chest.  Shalin loosened her hold on her own doll and continued her study of the doll's clothing.
Electra kissed the top of Esme's head.  "But this new power the twins possess is amazing.  I did not know such an ability was possible."  
Serafina stood up and took Shalin from Electra.  "It is a rare gift, but not without precedent.  They also have the ability to plant ideas in the minds of persons or animals, so be on guard.  You may find yourself compelled to buy more toys for your sisters."
Electra laughed. "It is too late.  I already feel so inclined."
Serafina placed Shalin in her crib and picked up Esme.  "They can nap with their new dolls while we chat."
Electra joined Serafina at a table and chairs by the window.
"You have recently spent time in Helsop?" Serafina asked.
"Yes.  It was a good visit.  I tried a new herbal blend on some of my patients with arthritis.  It seems to be good for relieving pain.  The cold from the glacier takes its toll on the older ones."
Electra hesitated before continuing.  "Dagon has taken it in mind to build a school where I might teach herbal remedies to young women."
"Is this something you wish to do?"  Serafina stood up and pulled a cord that caused a bell to ring somewhere beneath them.
"I see a need for such a school.  The few medical schools available now are not partial to women."
Serafina waited.  Electra had not answered her question.
Electra frowned.  "I suppose my wanting to teach would depend on the sort of students I would be teaching.  If they were interested as I am in herbal remedies...."
"You might arrange interviews," Serafina suggested.
"Yes of course."  Electra looked out the window.  "The school Dagon is building is quite large – with its own kitchen and living quarters."  She paused, then spoke cautiously.  "He has hinted that we might want to set the date for our wedding once the school is completed and I begin to accept students."
Serafina laughed.  "Now we come to the crux of it."
Electra smiled, embarrassed.  "I care about Dagon.  I have told him so.  When we are apart I always look forward to seeing him again.  I admit he feels like home to me."
A servant knocked on the door.  "You rang your Highness?"
"Bring tea please," Serafina called out without opening the door.  Serafina looked at Electra and said nothing.
Electra wrung her hands together.  "It is only that I fear the loss of my independence."  She looked into Serafina's eyes and saw amusement there.
"And you see marriage as a loss of independence?"
I do, yes.  Already Dagon would like to be in charge of my life.  He sees every decision I make as a possible danger to myself and to Helsop's future.  Were we to marry he would see curtailing my freedom as his right."
Serafina shrugged. "I believe Prince Blackwell is very much the same.  Men take their role as protector quite seriously."
"But you are still able to do exactly as you want," Electra argued.
"Yes."  Serafina smiled an enigmatic smile.  "One can not control one who does not wish to be controlled."
"But the law favors the husband."
Serafina raised her eyebrows and shrugged.
Electra laughed.  "I suppose that would not concern you.  You have always been a law unto yourself."
A knock sounded at the door.  "Your tea, Your Highness," a familiar voice called out.
When Serafina opened the door to take the tray, Electra caught a glimpse of Esmeralda.
"Wasn't that the Traveler girl, Esmeralda?" Electra asked as Serafina set the tray down.
"Yes, she and Juanita are working here at the castle now, though not, perhaps, for much longer."
"They are leaving?"
"I suspect they may have helped Shandor escape."
"Shandor was a prisoner here?  I saw him not long ago.  He has quit drinking and reconciled with Angelica."
Serafina took a sip of tea.  "He quit drinking because he was locked in our dungeon."
"What did he do?" Electra asked.
Serafina looked directly into Electra's eyes.  "He threatened you."
Electra was shocked.  "He did speak roughly to me at the Traveler Camp, but...I had no idea."  She felt uneasy being the cause of someone's incarceration.  She would have asked more about what kind of threat he had made, but did not want to appear to be questioning Serafina's treatment of Shandor.
"So you believe Esmeralda and Juanita aided in his escape?"
"It is possible, perhaps even likely.  Prince Blackwell allowed him out of the dungeon to entertain us with his fiddle.  He escaped when Ebony came bounding down the stairs during a dinner with guests.  I thought Esme might have put the idea into Ebony's mind.  The door may have accidently been left open or Ebony may have discovered how to work the latch with her teeth.  But after more consideration and more familiarity with Esme's abilities, I am inclined to believe Shandor had help from his friends."
"I see."  Electra in fact saw quite a lot.  She began to realize what kinds of mischief the twins were capable of, what a terrible fate Shandor had been rescued from, and how much trouble Juanita and Esmeralda might be in.  She wondered if she should warn them.
"And how goes your apprenticeship?"  Serafina changed the subject abruptly.
"I have learned so much.  Rabar is a good teacher.  His family has joined him now, so I do not see so much of him as before."
"The families are now ensconced at King's Lake?"  Serafina showed her surprise.
"Over a hundred women and children came back with us from Taz.  And more are smuggled in without King Geoffrey's knowledge almost daily."
"I am surprised he allows it."
"They are keeping their part of the bargain.  Their mill works nonstop to turn out the boards needed for building the barge. They have even begun work on framing the  hull."
"The barge was Delphinia's idea?"
"The idea was put there by the Caliph, but yes, she is very keen on the idea of it."
Serafina smiled. "And your voyage to Taz?  Did you enjoy it?"
"It was an adventure.  We were attacked by pirates and had to leave three men behind.  My shadow, Tandor was one.  Luckily they were able to make it back coming overland on camels."
"How were they left behind?"  Serafina seemed intrigued by the situation.
"They were searching for the white powder for the exploding arrows when the pirates attacked.  Electra wondered if that were another secret she would be considered a traitor for revealing.  "I likely have revealed something traitorous in telling the story."
Serafina shrugged.  "You know we in Henge have already discovered the secret of the exploding arrows.  Secret weapons never stay secret for long."
"I am sure you are right there.  Kings and generals always vie for the most lethal weapons."  A little shiver went through Electra at the thought of the new weapon's power.  She drained her tea cup and stood up.
"I should pack and start down to the harbor.  My ship sails with the tide."
Serafina stood up as well.  "I will dress the twins and we will walk with you.  The fresh air will do them good."

Chapter 52

Port of Henge 

Electra carried Shalin and Serafina carried Esme as they walked to the pier.  Tandor walked along behind with their luggage.  It was a beautiful fall day, the leaves turned to shades of red and gold.                                 
"There is my ship, Pride of Three Seas," Electra said, pointing.  They stopped beside the gang plank.  Tandor went up the plank with their luggage.
Electra held Shalin up in front of her and looked deep into her green eyes.  "I will miss you little sister." She hugged Shalin tightly before exchanging her for Esme.  "And I will surely miss you, Esme. You are a wonder."   She kissed the little girl's cheek.
Serafina set Shalin down on the wharf while she reached into her bag.  She brought out a box tied with a gold ribbon.
"For your seventeenth birthday."  
Electra blushed.  She had turned seventeen three months before in Fernland.  Delphinia had contrived a celebration that more than made up for the sixteen birthdays she had missed.
"You shouldn't have."  Electra smiled as she took the present.  She set Esme down on the deck beside her sister and untied the ribbon.  Inside the wooden box was a beautiful set of runes.  Each letter and symbol was artfully carved on a small rectangular block of hardwood.
"I will treasure them always."  As she hugged Serafina she thought of her sixteenth birthday present.  Her crystal ball sat unused and forgotten in her cottage in Helsop.
Serafina hugged Electra and smiled.  "Perhaps they will help you with your decision."
"Last call," shouted the sailor as he began to lift the gangplank.
Electra quickly gave Serafina a last kiss and ran up the gangplank.  At the ship's rail she hugged her present to her chest, smiling.  They both knew what decision Serafina was referring to.  Would she set a date for her wedding at the completion of the medical school?  She would read the runes and consider their advice, but she believed she had already made her decision.  Why not set a date?  She could still change her mind any time before the date, could she not?  She waved to her Henge family as her ship set sail.  
